Mr. and Mrs. Granger were a lucky couple. They gave birth to two geniuses, a boy and a girl. The boy was Kent Granger and the girl was Hermione Granger.The brother and the sister, both were geniuses, not only for their academic excellence but also maturity. Anybody who interacts with the pair, praises Mr. and Mrs. Granger for giving birth to such good children.In fact both Mr. and Mrs. Granger themselves were very happy, not only because their children were geniuses but also for their filial piety.But who would've thought that reality was completely different.Kent Granger was in fact not actually the child of Mr. and Mrs. Granger, at least his soul or consciousness wasn't.He had memories of 30 years of life in a world quite similar to the current one, at least on the surface.If his guess was correct, then there might be another magical world hidden under the plain sight.The reason he suspected this was because his sister's name is Hermione Granger, who is two hours younger than him.He had watched the full Harry Potter series and their was a character named 'Hermione Granger', one of the lead characters played by Emma Watson.She looks a lot different than what was portrayed in the movie, her hair was more bushy and her front teeth were more distinct. The most confusing was her personality. She was mature and not so overbearing as shown in the movie. She might've acquired that quirk later.Kent sometimes suspects that she was more adult than him. It was quite a mystery.But he did not have the time to solve the mystery because if his speculations were correct and this world was indeed the fictional world of magic then it got a hundred fold dangerous especially if you're related to one of the main protagonists.There was another mystery, which was "how he died?". He didn't have the specific memory about it. He was going to marry the girl he was in love with. His last memory was meeting with his friends and inviting them to his marriage.The mystery was quite difficult to solve so he temporarily gave up, instead he started preparing for the worst.It didn't take long to confirm his guess though.On his and his sister's fifth birthday, there was a bizarre incident that happened which might be puzzling for the Granger Couple but for Kent it just confirmed his guess.A book was flung from the bookcase straight to Hermione's cousin who was making fun of her teeth. Fortunately her cousin was alright.This was a case of accidental magic. And it might indeed be the fictional world of Harry Potter or a parallel world quite close to the original fiction. He was not sure if his foreknowledge would be of any use. But that was a thing of far future at least six years later.Kent only hoped that he also had magic otherwise he didn't know how he would cope with the dangerous future that was probably gonna happen.As a muggle, he would be quite defenseless against magic.It didn't take long for his worries to transform into excitement though.On that night after the joint birthday celebrations when Kent was lying on his bed worrying about his future, a clicking noise sounded in his head.[Ding! Simulation system is Activated!]A string of white letters was floating in front of his eyes. He rubbed his eyes, but the string of letters was still present. He tried touching them but couldn't. It did not take long for him to calm down and think properly.'Okay then, I've got a system but I don't know what it's functions are. First I have check what this system is all about,' he thought as he took a long breath."Now let's see..., System what is your function?" asked Kent lowering his voice so as to not disturb his sister and parents.There was no response."Lord System, may I know what is your function and purpose?"Still no response."System, please?""B*ullsh*t System," Kent cursed out loud."Kent, what happened?" came a female voice from the next room. It was his mother."Nothing Mom, just some annoying fly," said Kent."Okay, sleep early son."'I might be hallucinating then,' concluded Kent after getting no response from the system.But there was still a bit unwillingness in him. So he decided to try again for the last time.This time, instead of shouting or cursing, Kent decided to concentrate on string of letters that was still floating in front of his eyes.Suddenly his vision darkened and he felt a suction force. But it was just momentary.As soon as his vision returned, he found himself in a dark room.Looking around he couldn't see the end of the room. There was like hue that was obstructing his vision.Suddenly a subtly glowing screen appeared in front him. It looked just like those 3d hologram in Sci-fi movies.Taking a closer look, he found that it was a panel with five options.oooDeduce and OptimizeSimulationLibraryDownloadInventoryooo'It's real!' exclaimed Kent in his mind.Coming closer, Kent clicked on the first option "Deduce and Optimize".The screen changed.oooDeduce and Optimize: With the help of the information stored in the library, the user can deduce and optimize anything, ranging from a solution of a question to optimizing martial arts skill etc. The user can also specify the requirements of the optimized result. There are currently five skills or solution that can be optimized simultaneously.Slots [5]1. (empty)2. (empty)3. (empty)4. (empty)5. (empty)(Back)oooHe clicked on the "Back" option to return to the previous page. After that he checked each option one by one.oooSimulation: After optimization of certain skill, the user can experience and practice the skill. The time spent here is 100 times faster compared to real world.(Back)ooo"Hmm, this look useful. I have to test it. I will try it tomorrow." Kent muttered as he clicked on the next option.oooLibrary: The user can consciously store any form of data like book, picture, sound or symbol they see or hear. It serves as a data centre.(Tips: No matter what language the data is in, the user can translate the said data to understandable language.)Current Content : (Empty)(Back)ooo'Wow! That's a useful function!' Kent exclaimed in his mind. Returning to the previous page, he then clicked on the "Download" option.oooDownload: The user can download any data from the library to his conscious memory.Warning: May induce headache during downloadReminder: A humans memory is not unlimited.(Delete: User can clear certain data from their memory)(Back)ooo'With this, I can claim to have a photographic memory.' Kent concluded with excitement."Now let's see, the last one. Hmm, I hope it is what I think it is," Kent muttered as he clicked on the 'Inventory' option.oooInventory:A storage space of 5 cubic metres. Living beings are not recommended to be stored.Current Content: (Empty)ooo"Hmm, neither too large nor too small. Well it's enough space. It's a pity that living beings can not be stored." Kent sighed. He was not disappointed though. It was already a miracle to have a multifunction system.Suddenly a thought came to his mind."How do I get out of this place?" He asked himself."Let's try this."Closing his eyes he concentrated on the feeling when he was sucked into this place and thought about going out.And just like that he again felt a similar suction force and the next moment he found himself sitting on his bed, probably on the same spot before he entered into the black space of the system. He checked the time to find that he spent about half an hour inside the system space.After an hour of excitement, thinking about the future, how he would use the system to its best capacity, Kent was exhausted. After all it was a five year old body.He yawned and switched off the lamp. Lying on his bed it didn't take long before he fell asleep.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?

The next morning, Kent woke up a bit earlier than usual. Everyone including his parents were sound asleep.Yesterday's excitement still hadn't died down and he also wanted to confirm that the system was not a dream.Suppressing his hunger, he concentrated on the system. But unlike yesterday there was no suction force, instead the same panel appeared in front of his eyes.He was still in his room, just the screen was floating in front of him. He clicked on the "Optimization" option and just like previous time, another page appeared containing the description of its function."Phew! Fortunately it wasn't just a dream," he sighed with relief."Hey! Kent what are you doing?" came a girl's voice from the door which was ajar. She had already entered the room."Wha–?! Oh! Hermione, why are you here?" Quickly composing himself, Kent asked while pretending not to see the screen projected in front of him. He was also paying attention to Hermione, curious if she could see the screen."I just heard some noise from your room. As you never wake up so early, I thought I'd check up," answered Hermione."By the way, what were you doing waving your hand in mid-air?" she added with a doubtful look."Oh! Nothing, just that I was still sleepy and my eyes were a bit groggy." said Kent making up some stupid excuse under Hermione's scrutinizing gaze.But inside he was panicking.'Phew! Almost got caught, I have to be more cautious. Hermione is sharper than I thought. At least she can't see or touch the system screen,' he thought calming his nerve."Okay then, I'm gonna wake mom and dad," said Hermione."I've to brush my teeth," groaned Kent. As a son of two dentists, there's a distinct emphasis on dental health.After having breakfast, due to not having school today, Kent went went to the public library 10 minutes walk from home. Mr. and Mrs. Granger found nothing unusual about it though. After learning to read and write, Kent always have been fond of reading books. As for Kent himself, he had to endure 4 years of wobbly hand and feet to get used to the new body.Also, not to attract too much attention, he had to pretend to be a normal four year old boy occasionally showing some mature behaviour so as to appear as genius. Gradually he was able to show some of his excellence without garnering unwanted attention.With an equally excellent Hermione, the genius of the brother-sister pair was attributed to their genes."Hermione, do you wanna go to the library with me?" asked Kent."No, I will be staying at home for today." answered Hermione."Are you okay?" asked Kent as he brought his hands to Hermione's forehead to check her temperature."I am okay. I just don't feel like going to library today." said Hermione, avoiding Kent's hand."Oh, okay then," Kent sighed with disappointment but inside he was happy. He would be able to experiment with the newly acquired system without any difficulty.After 10 minutes of happy walk, Kent reached a huge building with an equally large door. The structure of the building was a bit old styled but that didn't diminish its majesty a bit.Checking in with the librarian, Kent took a book on exercises from the shelf and sat at one corner of the long table.No one was surprised seeing Kent reading a oversized book compared to his tiny hands, an annoyance Kent always complaining and grumbling about.The reason for the lack of surprise seeing a five year old boy reading a bit advanced book was Kent and Hermione's frequent visit to library as well as being an well known genius in the neighbourhood. They were a local celebrity.Opening the first page, Kent brought up the system panel and then the 'Library' option. After familiarising himself with system, Kent found that he didn't need to physically touch the screen to operate the system. With a mere thought everything could be done; it requires a bit of practice and concentration.Activating the library function, Kent read the book word by word. He didn't need to understand or read out loud the words.He finished reading the book within fifteen minutes as there were more pictures than words.One by one, Kent went to shelf and took out various books on exercises and martial arts.It was already noon when he was finished recording all the information available in the library about Martial arts and exercises.Although Kent's behaviour was a bit unusual today, the librarian didn't question him.'Maybe he didn't find what he was looking for,' thought the librarian. On asking, Kent simply said he was looking for more comprehensive book on martial arts.On hearing Kent's answer, the librarian suggested the name of some bookstores where he could find better martial arts book. The librarian also suggested that it was better to look for a dojo. Martial arts is after all oriented toward physical work rather than books and pen.Kent nodded and thanked the librarian for the advice. Kent couldn't just say that he had a system which could optimize and simulate martial arts. He himself even doubted the credibility of the said function of the system. Only time would tell whether it is as good as the description says.Saying goodbye to the librarian, Kent went home.After having lunch, Kent directly went to his room. After locking the door, he sat cross-legged on his bed and opened the system panel.After activating the "Optimize" option, a new page opened up.ooo[Finalise what you want as an optimized output](Blank)[Select the data based on which you want to optimize the result](1. Essence of Martial Arts by Jim Hoblin)(2. Martial Arts for dummies by Rob Demiurge)(3...)(4...)(5...)[Specify the basic qualities and purpose you want in your finalized output](Blank)(Submit) (Back)oooThe instructions were pretty clear, so Kent filled the first blank as (Martial arts that exercises and builds my body to its finest).As for selecting the data, he selected all 53 books, he recorded today in the library.Finally for the basic qualities and purpose, he wrote (1. No bulging or extra muscle, 2. No extra unnecessary movement, 3. Flexible and strong wrist, 4. Subdue your enemy in the fastest possible time, 5. Good evasion, 6. Short burst of high speed movement)Then with a thought, he submitted his entries. In the next moment, panel returned to it's previous page but there was an extra line under the "Deduce and Optimize" option.oooDeduce and OptimizeSlot[1] (Martial arts that exercises and builds my body to its finest [Estimated completion time 1 day 2 hours 5 minutes]SimulationLibraryDownloadInventoryooo"Now that the optimization is taking place, let's check the download function," muttering excitedly, Kent clicked on the 'Download' option and chose a book to download. After confirming his selection, with a thought he activated the process.The next moment..."Argh," groaned Kent while rubbing his forehead.'Sh*t! There was clearly a "mild" word before headache in the warning, so why the hell does it hurt so much?' Kent cursed in his mind.'Is my pain tolerance so little?' he shook his head so as to deny his own speculation.Soon the pain subsided and a new set of knowledge was present in his brain. It was like he memorised word by word and even the pictures were vivid."The pain was worth it though," he cheered."Now Let's check the 'Inventory' function," he decided.He picked up a toy car and then mentally activated the "Inventory" function. The toy car vanished from his right hand as if his hand wasn't holding anything before.He then reactivated the "Inventory" function, this time it was not to store something but to take the toy car that was stored inside the storage space. With a mental command, the small toy car appeared in his right hand.After experimenting with the "Inventory", Kent found that if he wanted to store an object, he must touch it with his bare skin, be it hand, leg or any other part of his body. Also the object must not shake too much or the speed of object must not exceed a certain speed relative to his body. The speed limit was yet to be determined; it required a more rigorous experiment.Checking the time, he found that it had already been 2 hours since he started experimenting with various functions of the system.As for the remaining two functions, he had to wait for the optimization to finish to ascertain the usefulness of the two said functions, whether their description was on point.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?An extra like, maybe?

The next day, it was already 4 pm when Kent and Hermione returned from school. There was no fatigue whatsoever, instead a small smile hung on his face. Inside he was filled with excitement.He found that the process of optimization was finished. Now he only needed to check it.Suppressing his excitement, he with his sister Hermione ate their meal. After that he directly went to his room, saying he wanted to have a rest.Locking the door, he sat on the bed. With a thought, the system panel appeared in front of him.oooDeduce and OptimizeSlot[1] (Martial arts that exercises and builds my body to its finest [Complete]SimulationLibraryDownloadInventoryoooKent clicked on the "Slot[1]", a new page appeared. There was a download option below it, he clicked on it.Unlike yesterday, the severe headache that Kent was ancipating didn't come, instead it was far milder.'Did my pain tolerance go up?' He thought doubtfully, but soon it was replaced with excitement as a new set knowledge appeared in his mind. It included a set movement, the breathing rhythm, even the slightest movement of fingers were included.'It's too precise,' he thought.'Is it any effective though? But before that let's see how the simulation works.'Returning to the previous page he clicked on the 'Simulation' option. A new page appeared.oooSimulationSimulate (Martial arts that exercises and builds my body to its finest)?(Yes) (No)(Back)oooKent clicked on 'Yes', a new page appeared.The next moment, his surroundings changed from his room to a grass field. As far as eyes could see there was only green. There was no trees, houses or mountains, just plain grassland.Soon the system panel appeared.[Simulation Starts in 10 seconds][10...9...8...7...6...5...4...3...2...1...0]When the countdown was finished, Kent found that his body was moving on its own.After few seconds, he realised that his body was moving according to the set of movements he just got. Even the breathing was not in his control. He could feel twitch of each muscle but couldn't control it.So instead of resisting, Kent started going with the flow. It went on for about an hour until his body stopped.There was no physical or mental fatigue.'It must be due the fact that it's just a simulation,' he whimsily concluded.In the last hour, his body repeated the movements about five times.A new page appeared on the system panel.oooManual Practice Progress: 0%25% - (Beginner)50% - (Intermediate)75% - (Master)100% - (Perfection)oooKent understood the purpose of the manual practice. Although in the auto pilot his body would move according to the optimized movements but it was after all auto pilot. To realise the movements in real life Kent needed to master them on his own.Kent closed his eyes, steadied his breath. Recalling his experience earlier during automatic simulation, he started moving.It was slow at first as Kent had to keep account of everything including movement of fingers, wrist, elbow, shoulders, knee and also rhythm of breathing, even breathing using the abdominal muscle.It was really difficult at first. But gritting his teeth, he kept going on. Whenever there was a slight mistake, a beep would sound in his mind and his body would go to auto pilot mode to correct his movements.He didn't know how many times he failed, but he didn't give up. The circumstances didn't allow him to give up.The knowledge of the terrible futurehad always been weighing on his mind. The emergence of the system did reduce some worries but still the main thing had to be done by him. He didn't have the luxury to slack.Sometimes he thinks it would be better if he knew nothing of the future.'No! I have atleast a fighting chance with foreknowledge I have,' he yelled at his lazy self.Without any further distraction, he fully concentrated on moving and breathing according to the knowledge he had gained earlier.As there was no fatigue and hunger, he gradually lost track of time. His mastery over the set of movements gradually increased until it reached perfection.[Manual Practice Progress: 100%] Getting the notification, Kent stopped. Looking at the screen, a huge smile bloomed on his face.He exited from the Simulation panel. The surroundings again change back to his room. Looking at the clock, he found that only 1 hour has passed in real world. According to the time ratio of 100:1, he spent about four days in the simulation space.Thinking about this, he was very excited. He wanted to practice the set movements in real life but remembering about how he pretended to be exhausted in front of his family, he gave up.'Well, I'll start exercising from tomorrow,' he decided. Now that he had achieved perfection in the simulation space, he had a feeling that he would make no mistake during practice in real life.The next morning, Kent woke very early. It was cold but the excitement that comes from doing something new overwhelmed the coldness of the weather. After taking care of hygiene, Kent changed to a set of comfortable clothes suitable for exercise.In the backyard, under the dim light of the dawn, Kent started practicing in a steady manner. After a while he found that the set of movement had become an Instinct to him.'So that's what system meant by perfection,' mused Kent as his movements become more rapid.After doing 3 rounds of continuous movement, Kent stopped. He was very exhausted.'First time exercising is always difficult,' he consoled himself.Taking a five minute rest, he again started practicing. This time he could do only 2 rounds of practice. After that he had no energy to move around.'I may have to optimize a nutritional drink tailor made for me,' Kent decided.As far as he was concerned, it was not very difficult to concoct a nutrition drink with help of the optimize function of the system, he only needed to record information on biology and chemistry.In fact he had already decided that he was going to record every "knowledge worthy" books from the libraries in the upcoming days. It might require years but he had time. He decided so because everytime he needed to find solutions to something new, he didn't need to run everywhere to collect data. Its far more convenient to have everything that you need, in your reach.Practicing for another half an hour, Kent went to shower.Despite the cold, his morning practice warmed him up enough to resist the chilly weather. The hot water from the geyser also helped.During breakfast...Mr. and Mrs. Granger was sitting side by side on one side of the square table, opposite to them on the other side of table, Kent and Hermione were sitting."Kent, why did you shower so early?" asked Mrs. Granger with a bit of concern.It was early December, the weather had already started to get colder than usual. Mrs. Granger was worried that Kent would catch a cold. She knew that Kent was far mature than his peers, so she found it unnecessary to reprimand him."It was because I had become sweaty after exercising," answered Kent."Hey Hermione, wanna do exercise with me– *cough*" Kent almost choked on his food."Eat before you talk!" chided Mrs. Granger."Okay okay," said Kent as he drank some water."Hmm, okay," Hermione nodded in response to Kent's offer."Good," Kent smiled.After being reborn in this world Kent had always been worrying about the future. As a result he didn't paid attention to Hermione. But still he noticed some peculiarities about Hermione, especially her maturity. He could clearly remember from the movie that although Hermione was brilliant but was never that mature.'Well, the fiction also didn't have a brother of Hermione,' mused Kent in his thoughts."Whatever," muttered Kent as he continued eating."Did you say anything?" asked Hermione who was sitting beside him."Nothing," responded Kent.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?An extra like, maybe?A follow, maybe?

It had been a month since Kent got the simulation system and he had never been happier.The set of optimized exercises that he got was far more magical than he thought. In only two weeks he could feel the difference. His stamina, speed, flexibility and reflex, everything had been enhanced. Additionally the nutrition drink he optimized using the system was a great supplement for his and Hermione's exercise.They both grew a few centimetres in the last month.It was impossible for Hermione to copy the the set of exercises to exact details as she didn't have the simulation system and also her physic was of a female, so there ought to be few deviation but the end result were pretty good.Hermione was also very happy and at the same time a bit shocked. Well, anybody ought to be shock when a set of pretty ordinary exercise could produce such magical result.In the past month, there had been another major thing that happened, that is, he and Hermione got along pretty well. Earlier she was a bit colder to him, to which Kent couldn't find any reason.Seeing the magical effect of the 'Optimization', Kent optimized another set of exercise just for wrist and finger movements. It was for easier and faster wand movement in the future. He didn't share it with Hermione as he couldn't say that he knew that they were magical and they would get Hogwarts letter on their 11th birthday.As for how Kent knew that he was a wizard, it was the leaky cauldron. No muggle would be able to see much less enter the leaky cauldron, but he could see and also enter. He didn't linger much as he didn't want to venture into the magical world without much protection.In addition to doing exercise daily and practicing the set of wrist movements Kent also kept recording any valuable books he got, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, Electronics, Chemistry, Physics and Biology and also the auxiliary subjects like drawing, sculpting, designing and many more. He didn't need the knowledge at present but it might be required in the future. He also wanted to start early in the magical education but considering the risk of exposing himself to the magical world early, he gave up the thought.Well he didn't want to eat more than what he could chew.In the spare times, he searched particularly for books or any form of knowledge about runes, ancient relics, metaphysics and mythology and chinese qi(spirit) meditation available in the non-magical world. He wanted to develop a skill like 'danger sense', so that he could have a better chance at surviving the bleak future.He knew it would be difficult but that didn't stop him from trying. The first two trials ended in failure. When he set the desired function and purpose of the skill and selected the appropriate data from the 'Library', he got the notification that there was not enough relevant data.'Who knows how much knowledge I need to collect to develop the skill! Will I even be able to develop such skill? No! I can't give up!' Kent was in a dilemma. As there was no convenient mode of acquiring knowledge like Internet on a mobile or a laptop, it was pretty difficult to go around libraries and bookshops to collect the necessary data. It takes a lot of time.'Well, I will collect as much as possible in the spare time and after a year, I will try again to depelop the danger sense skill' he decided after some pondering.1 year later..."Finally, Lets hope that it will work this time," mumbled Kent. He was sitting on his bed with the door closed. It was nighttime, so it was unlikely that anyone would come but to be sure he locked the door from inside.Kent had collected as much as he could in the last year about metascience, mythology, runes etc.He opened the system page and clicked on the 'Optimize' option.ooo[Finalise what you want as an optimized output](Blank)[Select the data based on which you want to optimize the result](1. Metascience)(2. Runes)(3. Mythology)(4. Methamatics)(5. Astrology)(6..)(7..)[Specify the basic qualities and purpose you want in your finalized output](blank)(Back) (Submit)oooKent had organised the data in the 'Library' in various sections based on which topic the data is about, like, any mythological data is present in the 'Mythology' section etc.He selected the Runes, Astrology, Mythology, Metascience etc. He basically selected all the data he collected. It was because even if a piece of data was not relevant it would be excluded automatically.Its like if you want to develop a martial skill and select some data on martial arts and also data on how to cook, the system will still optimize the martial skill.After selecting the data, he specified the function of the skill, i.e., detect danger to oneself in advance including the direction in which the danger is coming. It would be disastrous if you know that danger is coming but don't know from where its coming.After rechecking all the entries, he hesitated for a moment but clenching his fist, he clicked submit."Fortunately!" Looking at the system screen, Kent sighed as if a heavy weight had been lifted off his shoulders.oooDeduce and OptimizeSlot[1] Advance danger sense [Estimated completion time 2 years 6 months 13 days]SimulationLibraryDownloadInventoryoooHe closed the system panel happily.Thinking about the future, it didn't take long before he fell asleep.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?An extra like, maybe?A follow, maybe?

Swish! Swish!Like a blur, Kent's hands and feet were moving in a synchronised pattern. The movements looked more like dance than martial arts.His right hand was holding a short stick like a baton.If a person looked closer, he would notice that Kent was manipulating the stick with just the index and middle finger. There wasn't even a hesitation. The movements were so fluid that the stick looked like an extra limb of the body, it was Kent's goal after all.For wizards and witches, wand is a vital part of their lives, a means to protect or destroy. As a person who knew the grim future of Harry Potter world, Kent was going to make sure that he would survive and his new family was safe from harm.For that he was doing his best. Doing exercise daily, drinking the 'not so tasty' nutrition fruit mix, reading and recording books or any form of useful data when he was free.Although the growth of his body was slowing down compared to the explosive growth in the first year after getting the system.He expected it and he was happy with it. It would be illogical to think that human body could grow indefinitely if given sufficient nutrients as well as doing exercises in a regular basis. There are other factors like growth hormones, genetic heredity, gravity etc. which influences the growth of human body.No matter how slow the growth was, Kent didn't give up. The martial art exercise was not just for the physical growth of the body but also stamina, speed, strength and flexibility. Although his body's growth had slowed down but the increase in the other attributes didn't slow down instead it sped up. He was now more in control of his own body. If he tried he could outperform most teenage athletes in their respective fields.Although Kent missed his adult body of his previous life but it was not that significant anymore. His new body was lot more flexible and stronger than his previous life's adult body. And he was gradually adapting to his new life as his previous life's memory was fleeting away like a breeze. Only the future plot of "Harry Potter" was intentionally recorded and memorized by him using the library and download function of the system.After exercising for an hour, he freshened up and drank the fruit mix he had prepared earlier. It had become a habit to keep extra two-three bottles of fruit mix in the freezer.Finishing the fruit mix, he went to his room without waking others up.Hermione had a headache yesterday night, so Kent decided to exercise today without her.Thinking about system, he was excited. He waited for nearly two and a half year for countdown of the 'Advance danger sense' skill to finish.There was only few minutes left before the optimization of the skill was completed.Closing the door of his room, he sat on his bed and opened the system panel. Although the panel was invisible to others but Kent always felt insecure opening the panel out in the open if not necessary.oooDeduce and OptimizeSlot[1] Advance danger sense [Complete]SimulationLibraryDownloadInventoryoooWithout any hesitation he opened the completed 'Advance danger sense' skill and downloaded the same into his memory. There was no headache or even a slight pain whatsoever in the process of influx of new information into his memory.He was speechless after getting the information of the danger sense skill. According to the manual, he needed to imagine a set of pattern and symbol that were so intricate and complex that he felt dizzy just looking at them. It was said in the manual that not only you have to memorize the array of pattern but also have to visualise it for a duration of five minutes every three hours and you have to do it until it becomes an instinct. Only after making it an instinct will the skill to be considered completely mastered.Fortunately the 'Download' function of the system helped him imprint the complex pattern in details into his memory otherwise he didn't know how he could memorise the said pattern much less visualise, it would take much longer than what he would hope for. But now that the first step, that is, the memorisation of the array of symbol was completed, he only needed to visualise it every three hours.He knew that it would be a lot harder than it sounds, like when he's in school or while he's sleeping.He closed the system panel and quietly lied on the bed. He didn't use the Simulation function of system because he knew it won't work. Whenever there is a practice involving the mind, the Simulation function would show error saying that system cannot control the user's mind.The error didn't disappoint him, rather it reduced Kent's little worry about the system. He didn't want to be puppet of the system after all.Dismissing the distracting thoughts Kent watched the white ceiling of his room and pondered about the schedule for the practice of visualisation. The most troublesome thing is visualisation during sleep and class.Although the array of pattern was etched into his memory but consciously visualising the said pattern is entirely a different thing.Nonetheless he had to do it.He sighed and got up from his bed. Tidying up his room he went downstairs.His father was reading newspaper while his mother was preparing breakfast. It was not surprising that his parents didn't call him as they knew that he was awake."Dad, Where's Hermione?" asked Kent from the stairs."She's sleeping," answered Mr. Granger as he put down the newspaper."Oh," said Kent as he turned back to go upstairs."Kent, don't wake her up, she needs rest," came his mother's voice from the kitchen."OK mom, I'll just check if she's alright," replied Kent."Make sure you don't disturb her," added Mr. Granger in a serious tone."I won't disturb her, I promise," said Kent as he went upstairs to Hermione's room.Quietly opening the door to Hermione's room Kent went in and saw that Hermione was panting heavily in her sleep and her face was flushed.'Somethings wrong,' without any hesitation Kent placed his hand on her forehead.'She's burning!' he exclaimed."Mom! Dad! Hermione's having a fever and it's very high," yelled Kent from Hermione's room.Kent's shout woke Hermione from her sleep."No! not Harry, noo, Ahhh," screamed Hermione as she abruptly sat up.'Harry?' Kent's expression froze for a moment before he was distracted by the sound of a pair of footsteps coming from outside the room.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?An extra like, maybe?A follow, maybe?

"Wha–?! Where am I?" asked Hermione looking around, confused and dazed."Calm down Hermione. You were having a nightmare," said Kent with a stiff expression. He still hadn't recovered from the previous shock.The door opened and Mr. and Mrs. Granger walked in.Seeing that his parents were already here, Kent made way for them."Let me check," said Mrs. Granger as she hurried forward.Putting her on Hermione's forehead she exclaimed, "You are burning, Hermione!""Dan, immediately call a doctor. Her temperature's too high," ordered Mrs. Granger."Uh, the phone's downstairs. Okay, you stay here. I'll be right back," said Mr. Granger as he hurried downstairs to make the phone call."Hermione, how are you feeling?" asked Mrs. Granger with concern."I... I feel a bit thirsty," answered Hermione weakly tilting her head sideways, confused."Kent–""Here Mom," Kent handed over a glass of water he had already prepared, to Mrs. Granger.Taking the glass, Mrs. Granger let Hermione drink slowly from the glass."Okay, you lie down a bit. I'll go get the thermometer," said Mrs. Granger."Mom you stay here, I'll go," Kent offered to help. Without waiting for her reply Kent went downstairs."It's in the cupboard beside the Kitchen's door," informed Mrs. Granger loudly."Yeah, I know," answered Kent who was already halfway through the stairs.It was 2 o'clock at noon when Hermione's fever subsided. The doctor prescribed some antibiotics and advised her to have some rest.There was nothing serious, at least, the Granger couple were told so.But Kent had different thoughts. If he remembered it correct, Hermione uttered the name "Harry" before she woke up.'It can't be a coincidence,' Kent didn't think it was just a coincidence. Kent knew that they didn't have any relatives by the name "Harry" and as far as Kent could recall they also never had classmate named "Harry".That could only mean that Hermione dreamt something about the future and it wasn't a pleasant dream from what he could infer from her panicked face and scream.'It seems that I can't overly rely on my foreknowledge. I can at most take it as reference. Nothing more,' closing his eyes he organised his thoughts."And I have to hurry up and master the danger sense skill," muttered Kent. After today's incident, he felt more insequre and uncertain about the future. His presence alone might've changed the trajectory of the lives of various people.'Hope that, history's the same as I know otherwise my exclusive knowledge about many important secrets may become useless,' he prayed silently."Okay whatever, it's better to think about the present," throwing away the unnecessary thoughts, he sat upright on his bed and took a deep breath."What?!" He tried visualising one corner of the pattern but found that he could not. No matter how hard he tried he couldn't visualise portions of the pattern separately.After few more tries, he realised that he had to picture the whole pattern in his mind, only then could he practice.Without any further delay, he concentrated on the pattern.He didn't notice it before but after a minute of constantly visualising the pattern, he had a feeling that he was going to grasp something, something that felt so close and yet at the same time, very far. It was an illusory feeling.He couldn't quite understand what was happening but instinctively he kept trying to understand.Forgetting the passage of time he kept visualising the array of patterns before he was snapped out of the vague state with a sharp headache.He immediately felt sluggish as if his body had run a marathon.'What happened?' Kent was scared.'Was it the array of pattern? How much time did I spend visualisation?' He looked at the clock."Sh*t! It's been half an hour already!" Kent shouted out loud before he put his hands on the mouth and looked toward the closed door of his room anticipating a scolding from his parents, especially his mother for the use of inappropriate word."Phew! It was close," getting no response from downstairs, he heaved a sigh of relief."I have to set an alarm next time, otherwise I would be too tired to do anything other than practicing visualisation," he muttered feeling the fatigue.At the dinner table...While eating, Kent subtly observed Hermione who looked a lot better than before.'Frequent glances toward mom, opening mouth for no reason, occasional clenching of fist, tapping on table. Hermione must be anxious to talk about something. Is it about the nightmare?' Kent came to a conclusion.Recently he had compiled a comprehensive book on human psychology and behaviour using the system.Kent had watched TV show in his previous life where a former CIA officer was introducing how one can identify if someone was lying and even can tell what a person is thinking just by looking at their body language or facial expressions. It was even possible to manipulate one's action using subtle psychological cues.So he also wanted to try.But what he didn't expect that his decision to compile the psychology book would bring him such a surprise. It was like a non-magical version of Legilimency."Hermione, how are you feeling now?" asked Kent trying to get her attention."Uh, I'm okay," answered Hermione absent mindedly.Not getting Hermione's attention, Kent decided to test something."Harry Potter," said Kent."Wha- cough, cough," Hermione choked on her food.'I was right!' Kent cheered mentally."Here, have some water," Mrs. Granger who was sitting beside Hermione handed her the glass of water."Kent, don't talk while you're eating," chided Mrs. Granger in a stern voice, glaring at him."Sorry mom," apologised Kent meakly lowering his head. But his eyes were still on Hermione, secretly observing her body language and expression.It didn't take long before their eyes met.Kent gave a knowing smile to her curious and questioning look."We'll talk later, in the morning," said Kent as he passed by Hermione on the way to his room. It was a soft whisper audible enough to be heard by Hermione.She nodded after a slight hesitation.The brother-sister interaction remained unnoticed by the Granger couple who were discussing whether to open the clinic tomorrow.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?An extra like, maybe?A follow, maybe?

The next morning, Kent woke up a bit later than usual. The mental fatigue caused by the visualisation of the pattern for half an hour had far more serious consequences than he thought.'Next time I have to be more careful,' he thought while his hands and feet were moving gracefully in a coordinated fashion.After three years of daily practice he didn't need to consciously think about moving his body anymore while practicing the set of martial arts. It had become an instinct.But after practicing for so long, he also had started to notice some obvious shortcoming of his practice.At first when he optimized the set of exercises he mainly focused on shaping his body to have more stamina, flexibility and speed. It was oriented toward dodging and escaping rather than attack.As a result he lacked a proper means of combat.It wasn't that having high stamina and flexibility wouldn't help him attacking his opponents but there was a huge difference between having only speed and having both speed and a proper combat tactics. Because its quite impossible to make decisions for every attack you do with conscious mind as it would make your movements slower and predictable.So he decided to compile and optimize a set of melee combat tactics which also included the use of dagger.Fortunately he had accumulated huge amount of data in the library of the system.It took only half an hour to deduce and optimize the melee combat tactics."Kent, freshen up. Breakfast is ready," suddenly his mother's voice sounded from inside the house.'Mom's already awake?' Kent questioned himself before he realised–"Oops I forgot, I woke up late today," muttered Kent tapping his forehead."Okay mom," replied Kent loudly.After a short discussion during breakfast it was decided that Mr. Granger would be going to the clinic while Mrs. Granger would be staying at home.Although Hermione's fever had gone down and she was in normal condition but still Mrs. Granger insisted on staying home, just to be sure.Hermione and his mother was sitting on the sofa and watching the television when suddenly Hermione stood up."Mom, I'm going upstairs to Kent's room," informed Hermione.She was still anxious about yesterday's matter, how did Kent know about 'Harry Potter'?'Did I talk while sleeping?' Hermione thought as she hurried upstairs."Don't run on the stairs," chided Mrs. Granger."Okay mom," Hermione was already on the 1st floor by the time she slowed down.Kent just finished the practice of visualisation of the pattern when he heard a knock on the door.He looked at clock sitting the desk beside his bed and noted down the time. After three hours, he would have to practice again.He opened the door to see that Hermione was standing there."Why was your door locked?" asked Hermione as her eyes roamed around the room looking for clues to what Kent was doing.She was disappointed that she couldn't find anything worth noting."I was just meditating," chuckled Kent looking at Hermione's behaviour."Do you want to become a monk or something?" asked Hermione jokingly."Who knows?""Well, let's get down to business," said Kent seriously as he took out a pile of paper from the drawer of the desk.Placing the pile of paper on the bed, Kent asked, "You want to know how I know the name 'Harry Potter', right?"Hermione nodded and sat on the bed, looking curious at the papers placed on the bed. They looked like parchment paper.Kent dragged the chair to the side of the bed where he put papers and sat on it."But before that," Kent took a deep breath and asked,"Do you think magic exists?""What?!"Hermione was taken aback by the sudden question."How did you–""Guess, right?" Kent handed her the top most paper from the pile. There was a realistic drawing of a series of boats with four kids each floating towards a magnificent castle illuminated with lamps, under the night sky."Where did you get picture?" asked Hermione staring intently at the drawing.'Looks like she recognised it,' Kent guessed looking at the subtle changes in Hermione's expression.Kent had drawn the pictures yesterday night just to check whether Hermione had clear memories or visions of the future or just some occasional visions. As for Hermione being from future, he was not very sure. Kent had observed her for the last three months but couldn't find anything that would indicate that she was from future."I drew it," chuckled Kent and handed over the rest of the drawings, "also look at these."Hermione took the parchments. Putting the rest back on her side, she unfolded the one at the top. It was a considerably small compared to the others.Unfolding the paper, she saw the sketch of a huge man in shabby clothes holding an equally large umbrella. Most of his face was covered in beard which reached down to his belly."Hagrid," she whispered subconsciously tracing the drawing with her index finger. She didn't notice that Kent was looking at her closely.Her whisper only solidified Kent's guess that Hermione not only dreamt of future but also she could recall the content of the dream.Putting aside the picture of Hagrid, she picked up the next one.Looking at the sketch of a classroom, she frowned. It was of a classroom where students dressed in robes were paired together and there were cauldrons placed in front of them. A man with long hair was standing in front of them holding a short stick. Kent had perfectly portrayed the professor's serious and gloomy expression.Hermione looked a bit uncomfortable when looking at the man. This time she didn't whisper anything but looking at her expression Kent knew that she recognised the man.She soon moved on to next picture. One by one she picked up the drawings and watched them silently.Finished looking at the pictures, Hermione took a deep breath and said one word, "How do you know?""Hermione, in the beginning I asked you that if you believed that magic exists, right?"Hermione nodded."I also believe magic exists and I also believe that we both have magic powers.""But–""Don't be in a hurry do deny it." Kent interrupted her and continued speaking."You remember that in our fifth birthday when cousin Sally teased you about your front teeth and suddenly a book was flung from the shelf toward her,"Looking straight to her eyes Kent asked, "What do you think, caused the phenomenon?"Clearly remembering the incident, Hermione was stumped by Kent's questions."But, It could be wind or–""Do you really think that wind would have such an accuracy that it only flung the book without disturbing other things and most of all there wasn't even strong wind or storm at that time." argued Kent."Okay, let's just say that the incident was a coincidence but what about our dream.""Yes, I also had dreams about the castle and the classrooms and many more," Kent admitted. Looking at her unbelievable expression, he argued, "How do you think I drew those pictures?"There was a brief silence. Kent sighed and stood up."You probably heard about fortune telling, right?" Kent went to desk and picked up a book on metascience on Divination and gave it to Hermione."What if, the dreams we had were from future?" Kent voiced his thoughts and without giving Hermione a chance to argue back, he continued to speak."It sounds unbelievable, right? I also didn't believe it at first but there are some places I recognised from the dream. One of them is 'Leaky cauldron'. It's a shabby pub on the Charing Cross road. I also visited the place and saw the same kind of people with robes and wands. I even saw them levitating objects," explained Kent although the last part was a lie. He didn't see someone levitating objects. He just made that up.Hermione's expression brightened up."I think magical people or better call them wizards, they might have magic to turn away any non-magical people that's why we don't hear anything about them and the reason I could see them, I guess that I might be magical as well.""I also think the magical world might be dangerous," Kent took out some other papers that were in his pockets and unfolded them one by one.There were drawings of huge snake, a huge creature with a small head carrying a big club, three headed dogs, giant spider."Basilisk, Trolls, Cerberus, Acromantula. I have seen them in my dreams. The Basilisk can kill a person with–"Interrupting Kent in the middle of his talk Hermione explained the rest of it, "–its eyes and if a person looks at them through a reflection they become petrified,""And according to what I remember from my dreams, I was petrified by looking at its through a mirror." confessed Hermione.'I might be wrong about her. She knows more than I thought. Did she get memories from the future without affecting her personality?' thought Kent confused by the contradictory fact that Hermione's personality remained the same even with rather complete memories from the future.'Or her personality is same as that of the future? My impression of her may be biased due to my previous life's memorie–'"What happened?" Hermione' s voice woke him from his thoughts."Yes, as I was saying, the magical world is dangerous. So it's better not to venture into the world without sufficient protection." Kent voiced his thoughts."Yes, I know. I had a nightmare yesterday about the man with pale sickly complexion. He called himself V-Voldemort. H-he ki-killed–"Hermione started panicking."Hermione! calm down. That could really just be nightmare," said Kent snapping her out of panicked state.Hermione quickly composed herself."Okay, now that you are calm. Let's talk about the future,""If what we saw in our dreams are accurate then we better prepare ourselves for the worst and I think its better not to inform our parents about this. They might not believe us or even if they did, what we saw was not something our parent can handle," suggested Kent."Hmm," nodded Hermione agreeing with Kent.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?An extra like, maybe?A follow, maybe?

After another few minutes of discussion with Kent, Hermione came out.Without looking back she ran to her room and shut the door tightly.She couldn't hold it in anymore.Inside the familiar walls of her room, she finally let go of her pretence.Kent would be surprised seeing her like this. He wouldn't have thought that occlumency was more than just protecting your mind from legilimency.Thinking about the future, Hermione's expression turned sad and nostalgic. It looked like she had gone through countless vicissitudes of life. Her eyes gradually moistened with drops of tears rolling down her cheeks.It was hard, even for a highly skilled occlumens like her. Keeping her real self under the vineer of a childish personality was harder than she anticipated, especially after seeing those familiar faces, remembering the joyous times, the sad times and mostly the last two years of her life in the future. She along with Harry were under the constant hunt of the dark lord's underlings before she died under the curse of the said dark lord.Hermione was indeed from future. She didn't know how she returned to the past after dying but she was happy that she got a chance to correct the countless mistakes and wrong decisions she made in her life.But there was a single variable in all this. It was her brother.Kent Granger didn't exist in the future. As far as she could recall she was the single daughter of her parents.It didn't just end there. Kent was far mysterious than she thought at first.First of all, he was far more intelligent and mature than what a kid of his age should be even if he was a genius. Maturity and knowledge just don't come out of nowhere. It comes with experience.Kent was also more confident and sure of himself which is generally seen in adults.She had a guess that Kent might be same as her, that is, adult consciousness inside a child's body.Her suspicion deepened after their fifth birthday.He had came up with a set of martial arts which "could" shape the body to it's fullest "potential". She didn't take it seriously at first but as an excuse to observe him more closely, she decided to accept Kent's offer and exercise with him. He even came up with a nutrition drink, although it tasted bad but it was better than those potions she drank in her Hogwarts years.But within a week, she got an unexpected surprise. The combination of the exercise and the nutrition drink worked like a charm. She could literally feel the changes it brought to her body. Although it might not be as instantaneous as those potions but it felt more natural.And within one year, her physic changed from a normal girl to an athlete's or even better.This also deepened the mystery of her brother.Sometimes she was tempted to use legilimency on him but her moral integrity stopped her from doing so. Although during the war against Voldemort, she had picked up the rudimentary legilimency skill but it was rough and rude. It wasn't as subtle as of those highly skilled like Dumbledore.And more importantly, Kent wasn't her enemy.She never felt threatened living with Kent under same roof. Instead she felt a little safer and she tended to believe her intuition more than her eyes, the war had demanded so. When friends as close as your brother abondon you and betrays you for comforts of life, you've got to develop some skills.But she wasn't sure if he knew about magic though.But her doubt was soon cleared one year after her fifth birthday when Kent suddenly started practicing the same martial arts but with a short stick in his hand.She had watched him carefully during the practice and noticed his graceful manipulation of the stick with his fingers.It was also one of the reason Hermione staged such a scene yesterday about her nightmare. Accidentally revealing the name 'Harry' in front of Kent.Another reason was, she wanted to know if Kent was indeed from the future.Today's incident confirmed her guess.He was indeed from the future. She didn't believe any of his "visions seen in dreams" excuses. The portrait of Hagrid, the drawings of Hogwarts castle, potion classroom. Even the gloomy expression on Snape's face was spot on.Divination was much more complicated and vague than that. As far she knew all the prophecies were vague.She had to admit that her brother's drawing skills were superb.'It makes things easier and also a lot more complicated than before,' Hermione sighed.Easier in the sense that Kent's biological age was same as her and mentally he was also an adult like her. She could at least relate to someone in her age group, be it her brother.And it was harder in the sense that she wasn't sure if they were the only ones who came back from the future. And also which future did Kent come from? The parallel universe theories are pretty complicated.Putting away the distracting thoughts, Hermione pondered, 'maybe I should teach him occlumency.'But she immediately scrapped that idea.'No! I need to observe him more,'It was not that she suspected Kent was an enemy but on careful thought, she found that she didn't know him as well as she believed.She was also sure that he hid many things from her just like she hid many things from him.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?An extra like, maybe?A follow, maybe?

The last six months were hard for Kent. It was mainly because of the practice of visualisation.He had clearly underestimated the difficulties. He couldn't always carry an alarm clock with him, could he? Like in class. It was also difficult to wake up in the middle of the night to practice. He hadn't had a proper sleep in the last six months.He was reprimanded by his teacher more than once for being distracted during the class.It was also tiring to practice it every three hours. He found that although he followed the instructions as best as he could, he still felt tired at the end of the day. This also increased his calories intake. He even drank the nutrition mix more than once a day. Fortunately his parents were dentists. It would be difficult for a normal family to bear the cost.In the end, his hard work had paid off. After the first three months of struggle, he immediately felt the changes. His perception of the surroundings had subtly changed. He noticed many small and insignificant things that he would usually ignore.The knowledge of psychology and his enhanced observations complemented each other. He could more or less predict what a ordinary person's gonna do in the next moment. It was a magical feeling.Also after the first three months of practice, he had basically grasped the schedule.He no longer needed to close his eyes to visualise and concentrate and he also could wake up on time to practice, during the night.This also increased the efficiency of his practice and it only took another three months to partially master the danger sense skill.Whenever there was a danger, he would feel a slight stinging sensation and immediately know the direction it was coming from. It was pretty similar to the 'spider sense' of spiderman.The only shortcoming was that he had to stay vigilant for his danger sense skill to work. That's why he believed that he hadn't completely mastered the skill as said in the manual – only after making it an Instinct the skill could be considered mastered. He was confident that he would be able to do so within a year."Stare at this pattern for a minute," Kent said to Hermione, showing her a pattern drawn on a piece of squared parchment.It was exactly the same pattern which Kent had practiced visualisation for the past six months. After mastering the skill, he found that he could visualise portions of the pattern separately. That gave him the idea of drawing it on a parchment and then show it to Hermione and see if it works or not.At first he was reluctant to share it with Hermione but after the incident involving her nightmare, they became very close, occasionally sharing things about the future they "saw" in their "dreams".After considering the future troubles, Kent felt it was silly and impractical to shoulder all the responsibilities alone when you have a smart sister who knows about the future.So Kent decided to share it with Hermione. The skill, if Hermione could master, would become a vital part of their fighting strength against the "dark lord".His art skills, which he had to spend countless hour in the simulation space to master, had helped him in his endeavour.There were few differences though, between the pattern on the paper and what he had in his memory.It was really impossible to copy the intricate pattern to the minute details. But he found it was pretty effective after testing it. He just wanted to know if it would work on Hermione.Hermione looked at pattern and asked, "what is this?"She was puzzled looking at the gibberish pattern which made no sense to her."Don't be distracted, just look at the whole pattern and try to concentrate on it as much as possible," said Kent.Seeing Hermione's hesitation, Kent persuaded, "just try it, you will be surprised.""Okay, if you say so," Hermione finally agreed.After only few seconds of staring at the pattern she went into a trance.'So, it also works on others,' thought Kent looking at Hermione who was standing in a daze looking toward the pattern on the parchment which was stuck on the wall.'It's almost three minutes,' He looked at the clock and decided to wake her up."Hermione, Hermione," Kent shook her shoulders.Hermione woke up from her trance with a gasp as if she was deprived of air."Are you okay?" asked Kent with concern.Adjusting her breathing, Hermione exclaimed out loud, "what just happened?!""After looking at the pattern, you went into a trance for three minutes straight," replied Kent as he sat down on his bed and continued, "no worries, I was also in a trance when I tried it for the first time,"Without waiting for her to speak, Kent asked, "Do you remember the feeling when you were in a trance?"The question made Hermione thoughtful. Thinking quietly for a moment, she answered, "I can't quite accurately describe it but it felt like I was going to comprehend something. It-it was like... when you read the first few sentence of an essay and think that you understand what's the whole essay is about but the next few sentences make you realise that you didn't actually understand anything. This process goes on. It was so frustrating!""Good analogy," Kent nodded thoughtfully."What is that pattern?" asked Hermione."I don't know myself," admitted Kent truthfully. He really didn't know. It was the system that deduced and optimised the pattern from lots of information collected over an year by him. It would take a lot of time– which he didn't have, to search through the library of the system to find the source."Where did you get it?" asked Hermione."Well, let's just say, lots of knowledge and a powerful mind." Kent gave her a vague answer."Okay, putting away the unimportant questions," said Kent not caring if Hermione was dissatisfied. The system was his biggest secret which he didn't want anyone other than himself to know about."You see if you visualise that pattern for five minutes in the interval of three hours, you would develop a skill which will help you sense danger in advance," explained Kent concisely.Looking at her expression, Kent laughed and asked, "You don't believe me?"Hermione nodded frankly. Although the pattern was quite mysterious but it was still unbelievable to think just by visualising the said pattern, one would develop the skill to sense danger."Flying brooms, dragons, unicorn, talking portrait and magic itself is an impossible thing but they still exist, so why can't the fact that the piece of pattern on the parchment can help develop a intuitive sense of danger be possible," argued Kent.Kent then suddenly thought of something and looked under his bed."You may not believe my words but you have to believe your eyes" said Kent suddenly as he pulled out a plastic bag containing three tennis balls."Lets go to the backyard.""Tennis balls? What do you want to do with tennis balls?" asked Hermione on the way."You'll see," said Kent as they soon reached the backyard of their house."Okay, you hold this for a sec," Kent handed over the plastic bag to Hermione.He walked to the centre of the yard.Then he took out a piece of black cloth and covered his eyes with it."Hermione, throw the tennis balls toward me. Aim for my chest or head, wherever you want. Just throw with the intention of hurting me," Kent instructed."Did he really mastered the danger sense skill?" Hermione muttered. She finally understood what Kent wanted to do but she was still skeptical whether Kent's words were true.'Whatever, let's see if Kent can really dodge the balls while blindfolded,' Hermione took out one of the tennis ball from bag and put rest back to the ground."Here I come," Hermione threw the first ball aiming for Kent's shoulder. As she was standing really close to Kent, about ten meters away, the aim was pretty correct.The ball went straight toward Kent's right shoulder.But when it was just about one foot away from Kent, he jumped sideways to his left. The ball hit the fence on the back missing him completely.'It must be a fluke. He probably heard my voice and dodged the ball,' Hermione concluded and to prove herself right, she picked the next ball quietly and walked sideways to her left. Aiming for Kents abdomen, she threw the ball. This time, the ball was faster.But the result was the same. Kent dodged the ball at last moment by jumping sideways to his right.She was still not reconciled.Picking up the last ball, she threw it with all her strength."Oops," She gasped as soon as the ball left her hand. Due to her using full strength, the aim was a bit off. She wanted to aim for his shoulder but the ball went straight toward his face.But similar to the first two tries, Kent dodged the ball in the last moment just by ducking his head."You must be cheating," Hermione ran toward Kent to check whether he had properly covered his eyes. Even after seeing the cloth tightly wrapped around his eyes Hermione remained skeptical."This time I will tie it around your eyes. Let's see if you can still dodge," said Hermione as she untied the blindfold."Okay, whatever you wish," Kent laughed. He was having fun seeing Hermione so frustrated and flustered.After making sure the blindfold wasn't transparent, Hermione tied the blindfold back around his eyes. She even made sure that it covered both of his eyes completely."Are you happy now?" Kent sighed helplessly."Let's see if you can laugh after this time," Hermione said as she picked up the three balls and went back to her position.The first ball went straight toward his leg, Kent jumped and dodged it. The second one went straight towards his lower abdomen, Kent turned ninety-degrees to his right allowing it to pass and missing him completely.The last one was difficult. Hermione walked forward quietly until she was only a few meters away from Kent. She threw the ball fast and hard straight toward the middle of his chest. The aim was perfect this time. Kent responded to this one a bit differently. He caught the ball with his right hand while his left hand was on the back.Throwing the ball back to Hermione, Kent untied the blindfold and asked, "So, how was it? Still don't believe?""Can you sense any kind of danger? Like... like if someone is in front of you and pretending to be all friendly but he actually want to harm you. Can you detect the danger?" Hermione couldn't help but ask."I haven't tried it but it should work. If you can master the skill, you will feel a slight stinging sensation when you are in danger and also know the direction its coming from." answered Kent expressing his thoughts.It had only been a few days that Kent had mastered the danger sense skill. He still hadn't have the time to experiment with it properly.AN: Do you mind giving me reviews?An extra like, maybe?A follow, maybe?

When Kent decided to share the pattern with Hermione, he didn't expect anything in return. He just wanted a capable ally against the future enemies.But who knew Hermione would offer something that he was in dire need of before going to Hogwarts.It's Occlumency.Kent had been worried that his secrets might be exposed if someone used legilimency on him. To counter the problem, he had compiled a comprehensive method of organising his thoughts and protecting his mind from outside influences, but he was pretty sure that against legilimency it won't be effective.So he really wanted to learn Occlumency. But even if he ventured into magical world, it was doubtful if he could get books or instructions on Occlumency. It was pretty obscure and valuable knowledge.Hermione solved the problem.After seeing the effectiveness of the danger sense skill, Hermione felt a little guilty about hesitating to teach Occlumency to Kent.From Hermione's perspective, the danger sense skill was equally valuable as the Occlumency skill."Here, I have written all the steps and instructions I remember about Occlumency practice," Hermione handed over a notebook, half-an-inches thick, to Kent. She was sure that after today, Kent would probably suspect that she's from the future. But still Hermione didn't hesitate because, like Kent, Hermione was also investing on a future ally.Opening the notebook, Kent skimmed over the content and he was baffled by it.'How much does she remember?!' exclaimed Kent in his thoughts. Considering the thickness of the notebook, Hermione had probably written over a hundred pages of content."Ah, I almost forgot," Kent suddenly remembered something and said, "okay, wait here for a moment,"He ran out of the room in a hurry.When he came back to Hermione's room, he had a small bracelet with him.He showed the bracelet to Hermione. It was a plain bracelet with a small red button on the top.He clicked on the button and a small squared card slid out from the side of the bracelet. It contained the pattern that Kent showed her earlier. To make visualisation more convenient for Hermione, Kent had carefully drawn the pattern on the small card and constructed a bracelet with sliding mechanism to put it inside.He then put the card back into the bracelet and handed the bracelet to Hermione."Remember, it is dangerous to visualise the pattern for more than five minutes. So be careful." Kent warned her about the danger of visualising the pattern. He had experienced the danger himself when he first tried it."It would be better if you do it in my presence for the first few days," Kent offered to help."Okay," Hermione agreed without hesitation. She was well aware of the danger. If Kent hadn't woke her up during her first try, she might not be able to wake from the trance.Days went by as Hermione started to notice the changes brought about by visualisation of the pattern.After the first few months of visualising under the supervision of Kent, she found that she could recall the pattern in her mind and it was as effective as the one drawn on the card.This also made the practice more convenient and easy.The only problem was that her progress was a bit slow.It wasn't that she wasn't deligent enough.The problem stemmed from the imperfections of the pattern drawn by Kent.That didn't make her lose confidence though, because however small the improvement was, it was happening. She had become more observant. She had started to notice things she usually ignore especially as a witch.Her perception of magic had improved ever so slightly and it was still improving.Kent wasn't idle either during the time.After getting the step by step instructions on Occlumency from Hermione, Kent had read the whole notebook.The process of practicing Occlumency was not much different from the meditation guide he had compiled using the system. The difference was that Occlumency required the person to make his or her mind blank and empty, devoid of emotions. It sounds easy but practicing the discipline required great control over one's emotion.He modified the meditation guide he had been following for the last five years. He just chose all the information related to meditation and also included the content of the notebook that Hermione gave him.He specified the main function as being able to repel any kind of mental intrusion.It took about three days for the system to deduce and optimize the guide. He named it 'Guide to Occlumency'. He memorised the whole manual using the download function of the library.Practicing Occlumency was harder than the visualisation process. It was boring and monotonous.But the changes it brought kept him going on. He was a lot calmer. It also brought positive changes to his other practices.He was hopeful that after mastering Occlumency he would be less prone to panic when faced with unexpected situations.The process of Visualisation had also become a lot more effective.It was a chilly, Sunday morning.Two teenagers were sitting on the sofa, a boy and a girl.Looking at them, it felt like looking at two scholars, refined and disciplined.The boy was Kent Granger and the girl was Hermione Granger.It was difficult to recognize the girl as she had straightened her distinctively bushy hairs.They would occasionally glance outside the window overlooking the front yard as if waiting for someone.Today was a special day for both of them. It was 19 September 1990, their 11th birthday and also the day they would probably receive their Hogwart's acceptance letter.They didn't have to wait long as they soon saw a middle aged woman walking toward the door. She was wearing emerald green robes and a black pointed hat with feathers stuck in the brim.

Minerva McGonagall was the deputy headmistress of Hogwarts, Head of Gryffindor House and also the professor who taught transfiguration.But despite having all those high positions and the corresponding responsibilities, she would always make time every year for the special occasion, that is, introducing muggleborn witches or wizards to magical world.She tries her best to make it as comfortable as she could, for the muggle family to accept magic and send their child to Hogwarts.She was pretty surprised this morning, when she looked up the Hogwart's directory where the name and address of the wizards and witches who are eligible to attend Hogwarts, were recorded.It was quite rare for muggle household to have two magical children at the same time.It was at 9 o'clock when she reached the Granger residence.Ringing the doorbell twice, she waited."Kent, look who's at the door," came a female voice from the house."Okay mom," answered a boy.Soon she heard a pair of footsteps.A brown haired boy opened the door."Who are you?" the boy asked."I am Minerva McGonagall, a professor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry," she introduced herself.Looking at the puzzle expression of the boy, she chuckled and said, "it'd be better if you call you parents.""So, you are saying that magic is real and both of my children are magical," asked Mrs. Granger with an unbelievable expression."Madam, I think you need to see a doctor," remarked Mr. Granger in the middle."Dan, don't be rude," Mrs. Granger sternly warned Mr. Granger."It's alright," Professor McGonagall smiled. She was not offended by Mr. Granger's rude words. She deals with similar things every year."A demonstration would dispel your doubts, I hope?" offered professor McGonagall."If you can, that is," rebuked Mr. Granger.Professor McGonagall waved the wand in her right hand and tapped twice on the tea cup sitting on the table. The moment the tip of the wand touched the cup for the second time, it changed into a breathing, living bird.The Granger couple were shocked seeing the tea cup turned into bird. The whole thing happened in front of their eyes leaving them no chance to rebute her claim.On the side, Kent was looking curiously at professor's demonstration. It was the first time he had seen magic right in front of him. He had already activated the record function of the system library. As said in the introductions, the system records informations in any form, be it pictorial or written.After introducing the Granger family to the wonders of the magical world and informing them of the advantages of magical education, the professor produced two envelopes from her robes and handed them to Mrs. Granger."There is a list of all necessary books and equipment inside the envelope along with the letter," added the professor."You don't have to decide immediately." reminded professor McGonagall seeing the parent's hesitation and continued, "but I hope that you will allow your children to attend Hogwarts as it can be very dangerous for your children if they don't learn to control their magic powers.""There will be a post owl waiting for your reply," she reminded them.After coming out of the house, professor McGonagall dissappeared as if squeezed into nothingness.It didn't take long for the Granger couple to reach a decision.After a bit of thinking and discussion, considering the danger of not learning how to control magical powers, it was decided that Kent and Hermione would attend Hogwarts.After getting the positive response from the Granger family, professor herself decided to be their guide to buy required books and equipment in Diagon Alley.It was 11 o'clock when professor McGonagall picked them up. They travelled to the Charing Cross road using non-magical transport as she knew that it would be uncomfortable for the Granger family to travel using "Apparition" – a rather convenient magical teleportation skill."This is one of oldest pub in London, 'The Leaky Cauldron'. It is also the entrance to Diagon Alley where we are going to buy the supplies," Professor McGonagall opened the worn out grey door sandwiched between a book shop and a record store. It was situated in such conspicuous place but most people walking by didn't even glance at it.The Granger family followed her in.The moment they stepped in, they felt the change in atmosphere. It was like they travelled back to Victorian age. The pub was a bit dingy and dark. It was dimly lit with candles. Their presence didn't cause any changes in the lively atmosphere of the pub."Hello Professor McGonagall. Hogwart's students?" asked the bartender politely sizing up the two teens following behind the professor."Yes Tom," said the professor with stern face. There was a significant change in her attitude from when she talked with Granger family.Soon they followed the professor into a chilly courtyard surrounded by brick wall.The wall on the front had a few bricks missing from the centre.'It was made purposefully,' Kent concluded looking at the groove.Professor McGonagall took out her wand and tapped on the bricks around the groove in sequence.Kent memorised the position of the bricks as well as the sequence of the tapping.Soon on the fifth tap, the bricks started rearranging itself.The professor stepped back.The bricks pulled away by itself forming an archway leading to a street bursting with people wearing long hats and robes.If entering the pub was like traveling back in time to the Victorian age then entering Diagon Alley was like stepping into a whole new world.Kent deeply wished at the time that he was taller. The streets were so densely packed that it was very difficult for him to see the shops. He could only see the top of buildings that were slightly tilted toward the street."We will first go to Gringotts to change the muggle money to wizarding currency," said professor McGonagall."What is Gringotts, professor? Is it a Bank?" asked Kent."Yes it is the largest bank in wizarding world. It is run by goblins," answered professor McGonagall."Stay close to me," said the professor looking at the overcrowded street.On the way to the Gringotts bank, Kent would occasionally glance around him as if looking for something.'Looks like she can't feel it,' thought Kent as he took a glance at Hermione.From the moment he had entered Diagon Alley, he could feel a slight stinging sensation throughout his body. He knew that it was his danger sense that was warning him. Although it was very faint but still dangerous.So he would occasionally glance back or sideways to determine the source.Instead of finding out the source, he found a pretty significant flaw of his danger sense skill. It was very difficult to find the source of danger in an overcrowded area."Hermione, I felt slight danger a few seconds ago," Kent whispered to Hermione.Her muscle tightened on hearing Kent's words."I think what I sensed was hostility. But its better to be careful though," added Kent.Hermione nodded. If it was really dangerous she would've also felt it. Her sense were less sensitive or it would be better to say that Kent's senses were too sharp.'Looks like we reached the bank,' thought Kent as his eyes fell on a very tall white building with "GRINGOTTS BANK" written in bold letters on the front balcony structure.The whole building was made of white jade stone. The design was a bit trippy though, not that it was ugly but the whole building was asymmetrical.They entered the bank through a burnished bronze door followed by small entrance hall and another set of doors made of silver."Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there, "Kent read the warning engraved on the silver door."It is the safest place in the world for safekeeping your money and valuables, expect for Hogwarts, that is," said Professor McGonagall with pride. It was difficult to discern whether she was proud of Gringotts or Hogwarts or it was both.Passing through the door, they reached marble Hall.'They don't look much different from what I had in my mind,' Kent thought seeing the hundred or so Goblins sitting at the counters. They were short with pointed beard and equally pointed nose and ears. Their fingers and feet were very long.After changing few thousand pounds to galleons, they followed professor McGonagall to Madam Malkin's to buy robes and hats for Kent and Hermione.It took a bit of time to fit them for their robes separately. After that they went straight to Flourish and Blotts bookstore located next to Madam Malkin's shop.The inside of bookstore was bigger compared to what they saw from outside.It was filled with shelves stacked to the ceiling.Looking at so many books, Kent had a urge to just record each and every book using the system library. Unfortunately, It was not the right time and the manager probably wouldn't allow him.They bought only one copy of each book in the list that was included in the envelope alongside the Hogwarts letter.Kent and Hermione had suggested that it would be wasteful to buy same books for them separately as they could just share it. The professor also supported the decision.Except for the Hogwarts textbooks, they also bought some other books which included books about the history of magical world like the one titled "Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century" and "The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts", a book on potion making and the theory behind it and also an encyclopedia about different magical plants and fungi.As it was not allowed for them to practice magic in "muggle world" except for special cases, so Kent decided that in the remaining time before they attended Hogwarts, he would make full use of the system and learn the "subtle art of making potions" as Snape would call it and if possible, try to come up with new useful recipes using the optimization function of the system.After buying the other necessary supplies like cauldron and telescope, they headed down the alley to buy wands for Kent and Hermione.Passing by a pet shop, they stopped in front of an old shop with an window display consisting of a single wand resting on a faded purple cushion."Olivander's, Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.C," read Kent looking at the words inlaid with gold.The family of four followed the professor into the shop. There was a chime of the bell when the professor opened the door.The shop was quiet and had a dusty feeling to it.There were thousands of narrow boxes piled right up to the ceiling.'Do all of them contain Wands or they were just for show?' Kent wondered."Minerva McGonagall, nine and a half inch, Fir, dragon heartstring. Buying wand for new students?" said an old man who appeared from behind a shelf stacked with boxes containing wands."Yes Mr. Ollivander," she said and pointed toward the two teens standing beside her, "Mr and Ms. Granger will be buying their wands,""Ah, first generation, I see. eh?" Mr. Olivander suddenly felt something and looked back."Oh my! Is it...?" muttered Mr. Ollivander as he hurried to the room at back of the store.The family of four was shocked at his odd behaviour, professor McGonagall wasn't an exception. It was first time she had seen Mr. Ollivander so excited and she had visited the shop many times as a guide to muggleborn witches and wizards."I'll be! It is the third time, I am observating this phenomenon in my shop!" Mr. Ollivanders came out from the room with a cream coloured box in his hand. The box was occasionally producing sparks of red and gold."What happened, Mr. Ollivander?" Kent asked Mr. Olivander looking curiously at the oddly sparkling box."Vine wands do tend to produce magical effect in presence of a suitable owner and I think I just know who it is," said Mr. Ollivander looking at Hermione who was looking at the box in a daze.He opened the box, took out a yellowish wand about ten inch long and handed it to Hermione.The moment Hermione hold the wand, it produced a final bright spark of red before returning to normal."Quite a strong reaction," Mr. Ollivander looked curiously at Hermione before he turned his attention to Kent."Which one's your dominant hand?" asked Mr. Ollivander."Right. I am right handed, sir," answered Kent.Mr. Ollivander produced a measuring tape from his pocket and took a rough measurement of Kent's right hand."Ah, I know just the right wand for you," said Mr. Ollivander as he walked back to shelves.Soon he came back with a black box in his hand."Ten and a half inch made of Ebony wood with dragon heartstrings as it's core," He handed a dark brown coloured wand to Kent.There was no special effect whatsoever when Kent held the wand. He also didn't feel anything different."Give it a wave," instructed Mr. Ollivander.Kent did so aiming toward the shelves on the front."Hmm...?" Kent felt a familiar sensation passing through his spine towards his right hand the moment he waved the wand.But soon he was snapped out of his stupor both by his mother's voice and the sound of boxes falling on the ground."Be careful, Kent!" Mrs. Granger scolded her son and ordered him to apologise to the shopkeeper for making a mess."I am very sorry, Mr. Ollivander," apologised Kent sincerely and put the wand on the counter."No worries. This happens all the time and they are just a spell away from being sorted into the right place," said Mr. Ollivander light and flicked his original wand toward the fallen boxes. In the next moment the boxes flew back to the shelf and sorted themselves into their original places."Not the right wand, I suppose," Mr. Ollivander put the wand back to the box and went back to the shelves.Soon he came out of the passage between two shelves on the right hand side. He had four boxes in his hand.Kent tried them one by one but found no suitable match."Quite the tricky customer. Let's try a tricky wand then," muttered Mr. Ollivander as he went to room at the back of shop.While Mr. Ollivander was busy picking the right wand, Kent was reminiscing about the sensation he felt when he was trying out the previous wands.It took a bit of time for Mr. Ollivander to come out. This time he had only one box in his hand."This one's a unique wand with an unusual combination. I had tried making a second one only to end in a failure," Mr. Ollivander explained the story behind the wand."Why so, Mr. Ollivander?" asked Kent looking curiously at the yellowish wand."Cedar wood known for choosing owner with strong characters and loyalty never tend to mix with feathers from phoenix known for its detached and aloof temperament. It was by an experimental accident that I was able to make the wand," explained Mr. Ollivander and handed the nine and half inch long wand to Kent.The moment he touched the wand, Kent knew he had found the right wand. It was like the last piece of puzzle settled into the right position and he became whole. The feeling was very magical.From the side, they saw Kent glowing faintly with red which subsided on the next second."Very good, I expected great things from both of you," said Mr. Ollivander.Paying the 14 galleons for the Wands, the family came out of the shop.After escorting the Granger family out of the Leaky Cauldron, professor McGonagall disappeared.The Granger family took a bus and returned home. On the way back, Kent and Hermione remained vigilant.Kent's danger sense was triggered quite a few times while shopping in Diagon Alley.They were not sure if the hostile party or parties would follow them back. So just to be safe, they were ready to fight in a moment's notice.AN: Where's my review?

"Take care of your sister, Son," said Mr. Granger giving a pat on Kent's shoulder.They were standing on a platform packed with people, next to a scarlet steam engine.The atmosphere was lively with some students saying goodbye to their family, some fighting for the seat near the window."I will, dad," said Kent firmly.Their conversation was cut off by the whistle of the steam engine.Hermione who was standing in front of the door of an empty compartment with both of their trunks, looked back and urged Kent to come quickly."Goodbye, Dad" said Kent as he ran off to join Hermione.Taking a last glance at their dad, they lifted their luggage onto the train through the small door, albeit a little difficulty.Tucking their trunks separately in a corner of the compartment, they sat down next to the window opposite to each other.With a whistle the train began to move. They waved at their dad who soon disappeared from view as the train picked up the speed.Kent leaned against the seat comfortably while fiddling with the wand. The wand was moving smoothly between his fingers as if there was an extra limb which was manipulating it.After getting his own wand, it had become a habit of playing with it whenever he felt bored."Just stop playing with it, will you," said Hermione angrily closing the thick book in her hand."Sorry," Kent stopped playing with the wand but didn't put it away."So, what do you think we should do? About Neville, I mean do you wanna help him find his toad? What was it's name again?" asked Kent."Trevor." reminded Hermione. The little toad had a significant role in her life. Through it, she met two of her best friend on the train in her "first try at life" as she likes to call it."Ah yes, Trevor. So what do you want to do?" asked Kent. He never liked to impose his plan on others, if not absolutely necessary.And Hermione was an adult, she could decide for herself. He could suggest but that's all."I don't know. I don't want to change everything, you know. I miss them. I miss my friends. I wish our friendship could be back to the way it was in the future." answered Hermione with melancholy."I dare not say that I can understand what you're feeling. I never had gone through a war much less had friends on whom I could depend with my life. But if you really want my advice then I would suggest, take it slow. Observe and interact with them, see where it leads," suggested Kent."I know. I really want to. It's just I'm afraid, I'm afraid to face them knowing that they are not and can never be the same person I once knew," said Hermione expressing her fear.The compartment fell into a strange silence.Knock!The silence was broken by a knock on the door. They saw a round-faced boy standing outside."Speak of the devil," muttered Kent."Come in," said Kent politely."I'm sorry," he said, "but have you seen a toad?""No, I'm afraid not," answered Kent. Hearing Kent's words the boy looked as if he was going to cry."How about I help you search for your toad?" Offered Kent. The boy wanted to say something but Kent didn't give him any chance to speak.Standing up and straightening his robe, he said to the boy, "let's go,"He looked back and nodded at Hermione who was trying her best to control her emotions.He wasn't worried about Hermione's safety. He might be stronger and faster than her physically but in terms of magical powers, he was far from being her opponent. She didn't need his protection."I am Kent Granger," introduced Kent while walking through the narrow corridor."I...I am Neville, Neville Longbottom," the round-faced boy stammered shaking Kent's hand nervously."Don't worry we will soon find your toad," Kent reassured Neville with a pat on the shoulder.Kent had another purpose other than helping Neville. It was to explore the compartments and meet new students, see if they look anything similar to what he remembers from the movie.The coach they were in, was pretty long. To search more efficiently, Neville and Kent chose to go in opposite direction of the coach.Kent went toward the back end of the coach. According to what he could recall from the movie, Harry Potter should be in one of the compartments near the end of the train.One by one, he knocked on each compartment and asked the occupants if they had seen Neville's toad. Unfortunately most of them answered "no", some said that they had seen a toad but forgot where they had seen it.After getting "no" as an answer from majority of the students, he wondered, "Did Trevor jump off the train?""Anything off the trolley, dears?"He was snapped out of his thoughts by a female voice.He saw a lady in deep red dress, probably in her forties, standing with a trolley full of candies.He walked forward and saw a black haired boy buying off most of candies from the lady."Is that Harry Potter?" muttered Kent. He couldn't get a proper look at the boy as his back was turned against Kent.After the lady passed by him with her "almost empty" trolley, Kent walked up to the compartment door.The door was already open. Two boys were busy sorting through the candies sprawled all over the seat.He knocked on the frame of the door to get their attention."Have you seen a toad?" Kent asked, "My friend Neville lost it."Kent took a quick glance at the rat sleeping on the lap of the red haired teen before turning his attention toward the bespectacled boy with black hair."No," answered the red haired boy irritably."Thank you," Kent said, "Sorry, by the way."Kent then walked away from the compartment. He had already confirmed what he intended to. Also It would be rude to interrupt their meal.On the way to his compartment he met up with Neville who looked tearful."You should properly check your own compartment. The toad might be in there somewhere," suggested Kent helplessly. It was really difficult to search for a tiny toad in such a vast coach."T-thank you. I will," said Neville in a low voice.When he came back, he saw a bespectacled girl with short brown hair coming out of the compartment Hermione was in.Returning back to his seat, he asked, "Who was she?""Her name is Sally-Anne Perks. She's a first year like us." answered Hermione. Her mood had improved a bit."Sally-Anne, the name doesn't ring any bell." Kent shook his head."She dropped out of Hogwarts after taking her OWLs exam in the future." informed Hermione."Oh,""So, what did you find?" asked Hermione changing the topic."Everything is pretty similar to what we know," answered Kent."Did you see that rat?" asked Hermione with a menacing expression."Yes." Kent said."Was it missing a toe?" Hermione asked again."Probably." Kent wasn't very sure.Getting a stare from Hermione, he justified, "I couldn't get a proper look. They were having a meal!""You know, we can just grab Sirius from Azkaban. It'd save us a lot of time and work," said Kent as if he had a sudden enlightenment."First of all, we don't know the layout of the jail. And also it's impossible to bypass the dementors without alerting the guards," she said seriously, "and most important fact is that we are not powerful enough to just waltz our way into the jail and grab Sirius. Also–""Stop stop. I know it's difficult but I am worried whether your plan would work." Kent said, "I mean, some of the 'upright' and politically influential people will not want to see Sirius Black getting a trial. Especially Lucius Malfoy, he always coveted the heritage of Black family.""Malfoy's still not influential enough to manipulate the minister and most importantly Fudge recently became a minister," Hermione argued back."It's also risky to use Rita Skeeter," Kent reminded, "Daily Prophet's probably under those pureblood bigots.""You don't have to worry, I will meet her under disguise." She said,"and also don't forget that she's an unregistered animagus.""By the way, what's your animagus?" Kent asked suddenly."I was getting started in my sixth year but then Dumbledore died and the war escalated. Harry and I were too busy running away from the death eaters to relax and practice. One thing led to another." She said, "I never got the chance,"The compartment fell into an awkward silence again.Kent was embarrassed. He was mentally a decade older than Hermione. He was supposed to be comforting her but didn't know how to."You don't have to feel bad though," Hermione said with a smile, "I am happy that I got a chance to redo everything.""Yes." Kent said, "I am also happy that I got the chance to learn and practice magic.""But first we need get rid of that dark w*nker," added Kent jokingly to lighten up the mood."Language Kent!" Scolded Hermione trying her best to keep a straight face.

It was already dark when the train reached Hogsmeade station.Kent and Hermione got off the train train in the midst of the students pushing their way through the door."Firs' years! Firs' years over here!" They saw a huge man about as tall as the train coming over with a lamp in his hand.'Hagrid's really huge!' Kent looked up at the man with the lamp and wandered, 'Then, what about real giants?'The first year students gathered in front of the Hagrid one by one."All right there, Harry?" asked Hagrid.Harry sleepily nodded. It was a long journey."Any more firs' years? C'mon then, follow me!"The first years followed Hagrid down a steep narrow path. It was really difficult to see on the either side of the path because of the dark."Yeh'll get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here.""Wow!" Kent looked at the vast castle perched over a high mountain on the other side of the lake.Hermione was silent by his side. She had a complicated feeling looking at the familiar castle. It had brought her so much joy but also had ruined her life once."We won't let it happen again," Kent said softly.Hermione nodded, clenching her fist."No more'n four to a boat!" Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of small boats sitting in the water by the shore. Each boat had a lamp hanging from the wooden post stuck on it.Kent and Hermione got into a boat followed by the girl Sally-Anne Perks and another lively girl with blond hair."Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. "Right then -- FORWARD!"And the fleet of small boats moved off all at once, slowly gliding across the lake.The castle was getting bigger and bigger as they moved closer to the other side.Kent got a clear view on how big and majestic the castle was."Heads down!" yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of vines that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.Kent and Hermione were the only ones who didn't have any difficulties walking on the rocks.They steadily walked through the crowd of students and stopped beside Hagrid who had a little toad in his huge hand.'When did Hagrid got it?' Kent wondered."Trevor!" cried Neville blissfully holding out his hands.Then the students, except for Kent and Hermione who were walking steadily as walking on a flat land, clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid's lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door."Everyone here?"Hagrid raised his gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.While everyone was nervous, Kent was quietly looking at door, recording everything in his sight using the system library. There were lots of unknown intricate symbols and inscription on the door. They might come in handy one day.A few moments later, the door swung opened to reveal a familiar face.Kent recognised the black haired witch at first glance. She was Professor McGonagall who "introduced" him and his sister to the magical world and also acted as a guide in Diagon Alley."Firs' years, professor McGonagall," said Hagrid."Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."She pulled the door wide. The entrance was big, big enough to fit a medium sized house in it. The grey walls were lit with flaming torches. In the front was a marble staircase that led to upper floors.The Granger duo followed behind the professor along with other first years.'The door probably leads to the great hall,' guessed Kent hearing the drone of voices coming from the doorway to the right.The professor led them to a an empty hall and stopped in front of them.The students crowded in, standing rather close to each other. Kent and Hermione stood at the side."Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room."The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours."The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting."Her eyes roamed around the students for a moment."I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall. "Please wait quietly."The hall fell silent. There were bouts of whisper but no one spoke out loud."Are you nervous?" Kent whispered to Hermione."Yes, I am afraid we have to lower our occlumency shield for the hat to sort us." Hermione said, "it uses legilimency.""I don't think the hat remembers what it sees," Kent said. "It must have sorted so many students in the last thousand years. It can't possibly retain everyone's memory, right?""What the – ?!"Their conversation was cut short by a collective gasp from the crowd. The students were staring at a group of pear-white and slightly transparent figures floating and talking with each other.It was their first time seeing ghosts. It was bound to scare them a little.Kent looked at the ghosts curiously wandering if they were real spirits."Move along now," said a sharp voice. "The Sorting Ceremony's about to start."Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall."Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and follow me."Kent and Hermione were the last to join the line, with Kent standing behind Hermione.They followed the professor out of the chamber back across entrance hall, and through a pair of double doors into the great hall.The great hall was lit by the numerous candles that were floating over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting. Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students.Kent looked at teachers. He recognised headmaster Dumbledore, who was sitting at the middle of the high table.He also recognised professor Quirrell by his large purple turban, who was fidgeting constantly. He was having a conversation with a greasy haired man sitting beside him."That must be professor Snape." Kent guessed but turned his eyes sideways. From the the corner of his eyes he could see professor Snape looked at him.'Phew! He's too sensitive,' thought Kent as his eyes fell on professor McGonagall.She placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top the stool, she placed a pointed wizards hat. This hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty.Kent shivered at the thought putting that dirty hat onto his head.Soon the chattering of the students quieted down with all of them staring at the hat, waiting for something to happen. The hat twitched as if it was coming to life. A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth -- and the hat began to sing:"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, if you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou'll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on! Don't be afraid!And don't get in a flap!You're in safe hands (though I have none)For I'm a Thinking Cap!"The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment."When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said. "Abbott, Hannah!"A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails slowly walked to the stool, put on the hat and sat down."HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at Hufflepuff table."Bones, Susan!""HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat again, and Susan scurried off to sit next to Hannah."Boot, Terry!""RAVENCLAW!"The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them."Brocklehurst, Mandy" went to Ravenclaw too, but "Brown, Lavender" became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers."Bulstrode, Millicent" then became a Slytherin."Finch-Fletchley, Justin!""HUFFLEPUFF!""Finnigan, Seamus," a sandy-haired boy sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor"Granger, Hermione!"Despite having gone through the sorting ceremony once, Hermione was a little nervous. Fighting was lot more easier than being on a stage with hundreds of eyes on you.She put on the hat and sat quietly on the stool. It took about half a minute to decide which house she belonged to."GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat. The Gryffindor table once again burst into loud cheers.Hermione slowly walked to the familiar long table and sat on an empty sit."Granger, Kent!"The crowd saw a boy, little over five feet tall, walked out of the line. The extra attention was due to the fact that his surname was same as Hermione's, who was just sorted.Kent was nervous. Neither in his past life nor in this life had he ever stood in front of a crowd with all their attention on him. It was a little nerve-wracking.He quietly walked to the stool and picked up the hat. He took a glance inside. It looked clean.He sat on the stool and put on the hat. The hat fell over his eyes hindering half of his vision.'Godric Gryffindor sure had a huge head,' a funny picture appeared in his mind.'Let's see what we have here,' a rough voice sounded in his head. He waited for the hat's "evaluation" of him, see if it matches with his own ''evaluation".'A curious yet cautious mind,' The hat said in his head, 'Brave heart but with a sense of restraint. A seeker of knowledge. Where to put you–''Just put me in Gryffindor,' said Kent.'Gryffindor eh?' chuckled the hat, 'So be it–"GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat.The table to the far left burst into cheers.Putting the hat back on the stool, Kent walked to the Gryffindor table and sat down next to his sister. He took a quick glance at the long table to the far right.It was then Neville's turn. The round-faced boy fell over on his way to the stool. It took about a minute to decide as the hat finally shouted "GRYFFINDOR!".Then a thin boy by the name "MacDougal, Morag" was sorted into Slytherine.It was finally Malfoy's turn. He was blonde guy with a "I am better than everyone" fac. He walked confidently to the stool. The hat barely touched his head before it shouted "SLYTHERINE".The three student after him with surname, "Moon", "Nott", "Parkinson" were also sorted into Slytherine one by one.Then a pair of twin girls by the name "Parvati Patil" and "Padma Patil" were sorted. The first one to Gryffindor and the second one to Ravenclaw.Then Kent saw the familiar bespectacled "Perks, Sally-Anne" walking to the stool nervously. It took only few seconds for the hat to sort her into Ravenclaw."Potter, Harry!" When Harry's name was called the hall fell into a strange silence. There were occasional whispers among the students as the black-haired boy slowly walked to the stool.After Harry put on the hat, Kent noticed that he was whispering something.A minute later, the hat shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!"The Gryffindor table burst into loud cheer and applause. It was different from before as most of the students in the Gryffindor table stood up and clapped. A pair of twins with red hair even shouted "We got Potter! We got Potter!".And now there were only four people left to be sorted. "Thomas, Dean," a black boy taller than most first years, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table. "Turpin, Lisa," became a Ravenclaw and "Weasley, Ronald", the red haired boy who was with Harry Potter was sorted into Gryffindor.The ceremony ended with the last student by the name "Zabini, Blaise" being sorted into Slytherin.Headmaster Dumbledore rose from his seat. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there."Welcome," he said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!""Thank you!"He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered.'Eccentricity stems from power and authority.' Kent figured. Dumbledore was probably the only wizard who held three to four positions at the same time and also one of the most powerful wizards of all time.Soon he was snapped out of the thoughts as food magically appeared on the gold laden plates. There were so many varieties of food: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.'Elves' magic is really advanced,' thought Kent as he began eating. He really envied the ability of the elves to remain invisible and teleport which seems to have no barrier, at least he never heard any.Then his attention turned to ghost that just came out through the table."That does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly."Can't you -- ?" Harry Potter, the bespectacled boy offered the piece of steak he was going to eat."I haven't eaten for nearly five hundred years," said the ghost. "I don't need to, of course, but one does miss it. I don't think I've introduced myself? Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service. Resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower.""I know who you are!" said Ron suddenly. "My brothers told me about you -- you're Nearly Headless Nick!""I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy -- " the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted."Nearly Headless? How can you be nearly headless?"Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn't going at all the way he wanted."Like this," he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said, "So -- new Gryffindors! I hope you're going to help us win the house championship this year? Gryffindors have never gone so long without winning. Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! The Bloody Baron's becoming almost unbearable -- he's the Slytherin ghost."Kent and other first-years nearby, looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood. He was right next to Malfoy."How did he get covered in blood?" asked Seamus with great interest."I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before. A moment later the desserts appeared. Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding...As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families."I'm half-and-half," said Seamus. "Me dad's a Muggle. Mom didn't tell him she was a witch 'til after they were married. Bit of a nasty shock for him."The others laughed."What about you, Neville?" said Ron."Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Neville, "but the family thought I was all-Muggle for ages. My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned -- but nothing happened until I was eight. Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go. But I bounced -- all the way down the garden and into the road. They were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you should have seen their faces when I got in here -- they thought I might not be magic enough to come, you see. Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad."'No wonder Neville's so clumsy,' Kent thought.At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to his feet again. The hall fell silent."Ahem -- just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you."First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well."Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins."I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors."Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch."And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death.""And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried Dumbledore.After singing the 'out-of-tune' song, the Gryffindor's first-years followed Percy the prefect through a series of moving stairs to finally reach the portrait of a fat lady in pink silk dress."Password?" asked the lady in the portrait."Caput Draconis," said Percy, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all scrambled through it and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a round room full of squashy armchairs.Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another.

After setting up a simple warning ward around his bed which he had learned from Hermione, Kent finally relaxed.Despite having his danger sense, Kent set up the ward as an extra precaution.He was quite certain that Scabbers, being a coward that he was, won't attack anyone in the dormitory but it was quite unsettling to sleep in the same dorm as a murderer.Scabbers was the rat that Ron Weasley currently owned. It was not actually a rat but Peter Pettigrew in his animagus form.Unlike majority of the Wizarding world, Kent knew that it was Pettigrew who blew up the street and killed twelve muggles framing Sirius Black.With the assurance of his acute sense of danger that works even if he is asleep and the warning ward he set up, he closed the curtain to his bed.Under the dim simmering light of the lamp, the tiredness of today's journey took over as he fell asleep.The next morning, he woke up early around 6 o'clock. After brushing his teeth and taking a quick shower he changed to a pair of warm clothes and went to the common room. It was empty.He went back to the dorm and took out a book titled "Magical Theory" written by Adalbert Waffling.Back in the common room, he dragged an arm-chair closer to the fireplace and sat on it.With nothing else to do, he quietly read the book.No matter how many times he read the book, it never seized to amaze him.The book had several theories about how magic came to be or what magic actually is. It gave him a lot of inspirations on how to improve the spells he had learned. Especially the wand movements, which he found were nothing but runes."What are you reading?" asked a female voice from behind him."A book on magical theory," Kent answered. He was already aware of Hermione's presence."Have you had breakfast?" asked Hermione."Aren't students supposed to eat together?" asked Kent."It's not mandatory but a tradition," Hermione said, "let's go, I am hungry.""Wait for a sec," he said as he went back to the dormitory to put the book in his trunk.After having a fulfilling breakfast, Kent followed Hermione to the library.It was a huge library, probably the largest he had ever seen. Seeing so many books, Kent wondered if he would be able to record all of it.'Let's start with spells and transfiguration,' he decided.Spells are the most important part of an wizards strength, be it auxiliary spells like levitation spell and summoning charm or offensive spells like the cutting curse and blasting hex.As for transfiguration, it is the most versatile branch of magic. You can use it to attack, defend and also for auxiliary purposes.Hermione being familiar with every corner of the library showed him the relevant sections.Kent first went to the section with books mostly on transfiguration, theory and laws related to it.There were three shelves with about hundreds of books in each. He was unfamiliar with most of them, so he chose the books randomly.He was just going to record the information contained in them.He carried the book to the table next to the shelves. There were very few students at this time in the library. Kent guessed that it must be because classes hadn't started yet, there were no homework whatsoever. Only the ones who loved reading and acquiring knowledge would come to the library so early.Leaning against the wooden chair, he activated the record function of the system library.He opened a thick book with leathered cover and started flipping through the pages.He would pause and glance at each page for a moment and then glance at the next one.In the beginning he had underestimated the capability of the system, especially the library function. A glance is what it requires to record a piece of information like page of a book or a picture.The process of pausing and glancing at each page went on for about a minute before he finished the hundred and fifty page book. Putting it aside, he opened the next one and went through the same process.One by one the pile containing ten books were finished within an hour. He put back all the book to their original position and chose the next batch of books.He kept repeating the same process for the next two hours. After that he had to slow down because the library started filling in with students mostly seniors in the sixth or seventh years.It was almost noon when he finished the first shelf. Looking at remaining two shelves, he determined that it would take another day to record all the books related to transfiguration that are not in restricted section.He really wanted to record the more advanced knowledge from the books in restricted sections but unfortunately a slip from one of the teachers was needed.'Don't be so impatient, Kent!' he reminded himself. There wasn't much to worry because it only needed good performance and a plausible excuse to get the teacher's permission.After lunch, he returned back to the library.If possible, he wanted to record all books on transfiguration today.This time, instead of going back and forth between the table and the shelves, he pulled out a book while standing, took a glance at each page and then return it to its original position. It was way faster and convenient.The next day, Kent woke up early like usual, took a shower and changed to his Hogwarts uniform.Gryffindor first years was scheduled to have their first transfiguration class with the Slytherins at 9 o'clock in the morning.Just like yesterday he and his sister didn't do the daily exercise like they used to do in their home. It was because they hadn't found a good place outside of prying eyes.It was unfortunate that the simulation space of the system had little effect on the physical body.Having their breakfast and resting for a bit in the common room, Kent and Hermione went directly to the classroom where professor McGonagall would be taking the transfiguration class.Although they reached ten minutes earlier than the designated time for the start of the class, there were already lot of first years in the room.The classroom was huge. There was a big blackboard behind the teacher's desk in the front. A cat, ignored by most of the students, was quietly resting on the desk.The student's desks were arranged in rows with certain spaces between them. It was probably to reduce the possibility of students accidentally hitting each other with spells.The Granger siblings sat down in an empty desk at the back of the first row from the right.The students of Gryffindor and Slytherine House were sitting in separate rows as if they had an unspoken rule.Five minutes had passed since the start of the class time but there was no sign of professor McGonagall. Kent knew that the odd looking cat sitting on the desk was in fact the professor's animagus form. Kent could guess that she was waiting for Harry Potter.Kent was curiously watching the behaviour of the cat.The cat's ears perked up as she stood up abruptly. Moments later, Kent heard a pair hurried footsteps from outside the classroom.A pair of boys came running in. They were panting as if they had run a marathon.Their entrance attracted the attention of every student in the room. It was mostly because of the bespectacled boy with black hair. He was the boy-who-lived after all.Seeing that professor McGonagall wasn't present, both of the boys sighed with relief."Looks like we came in time," the red haired boy laughed but it was cut short by a sharp voice."No Mr. Weasley, you and Mr. Potter are five minutes late," the cat that standing atop the front desk jumped and changed into professor McGonagall and said, "I hope that I won't have any students coming into my class late from the next day."For the first half of the class, professor McGonagall introduced the students to the art of transfiguration, theory behind it and the mistakes to avoid.The students scribbled down everything.Even though Kent had finished the first year course with the help of the system, he noted down everything. There were lot of unique insights from the professor in it; they couldn't be found in the book."Today you will be learning how to turn a match into needle," the professor said, "but before we start, I must warn you that transfiguration is one of most dangerous magic. I will not have anyone messing around in my class."After getting a stern warning from the professor, each student was given a match.Most of the students started trying according to the instructions given by professor McGonagall, only to realise that it was not as easy as shown by the professor.At the back, Kent"Well done, Mr. Granger," professor McGonagall said with a smile, "five points to Gryffindor for your excellent performance.""Thank you, professor." replied Kent politely. He was not being humble. He himself knew that he was not a genius.Having an adult mind not only provided Kent with many benefits but also with a great obstacle.The obstacle being the rigidity of his thinking making it harder to believe in anything that is not normal, thus affecting his magic, be it transfiguration or spells.He spent countless hours practicing spells and transfiguration in the simulation space of the system, to overcome this psychological barrier.The successful transfiguration done by Kent triggered other students in the room to be more enthusiastic about turning the match into needle, especially the Slytherine students. It was quite embarrassing and unacceptable for them to be overtaken by muggleborn students in terms of magic.But their enthusiasm was short lived as they couldn't produce any change whatsoever in the colour or structure of the match.At end of the lesson, it was only Kent who successfully turned the match into needle. As for Hermione, she only changed the colour of match to silver which was was purely intentional.

The OfferingEnglandDiagon AlleyWeasley's Wizard WheezesAre you sure? I need to replenish our reserves of Peruvian Darkness Powder, and I already have the trip to Peru all planned.""George, I am just as surprised as you are. But it does check out. The best ingredients are not actually harvested in Peru.""Well… then where?""Mexico.""Are you trying to cheer me up with a prank, Harry?""No. You know I'm not the best at pranking. Not even passable."George Weasley sighed. "I know, br… little brother."A heavy silence fell between the two. It was Harry who broke it. "I miss him too."George swallowed the lump in his throat, and passed an arm over Harry's shoulder. A comforting gesture gesture for both. "I know. I know. Everyday I expect to see him."Harry nodded. George continued. "You know why I let my beard grow?"His friend shook his head."I cannot stand to see myself in the mirror." He closed his eyes. "Angelina thinks it's because of my ear." He smiled sadly, caressing the mangled flesh. "It's because every time I shave, I see Fred looking back at me. And it breaks my heart every single time. The first week I broke all the mirrors we had at our…" a tear fell down his face, he wiped it distractedly. "At our flat." He finished."I just…" he waved a hand, trying to explain. "I don't know… I just stared at my reflection, waiting for Fred to talk to me, he usually was the first one to say something. I was there, standing with the razor in my hand, my face full of foam. Just staring, Harry. Just staring at my brother. Waiting for him to talk." His voice broke in a ragged sob. "I don't know how to explain it, that emptiness in my chest.""George." Harry whispered softly, when his friend raised his head after a long time. "I know how it feels.""Do you?" There was no anger in the question. "How can you know it, little brother?""It was back in my First Year. Do you remember the three headed dog?"George nodded. "Oh, yes." He smiled a little, remembering, " it scared us out of our skins, that ruddy dog.""Us too. Ron, Hermione and me.""Well… close to where Fluffy was guarding the entrance to a lower room, Dumbledore had another thing stored. A bloody mirror."George imitated Hermione's voice. "Honestly, Harry. Language."Harry chuckled, George had it down. From the voice, to the tone, even his facial expression were all Hermione's. He continued, shaking George's shoulders. "It was a standing mirror, a magical one.""Mirror, mirror, on the wall…" George intoned, "who is the Harryest of them all?""Be serious, George!" A moment later, Harry's face fell, remembering his late Godfather, who loved that awful pun."Sorry, it was not my intention. Please, go on.""It's okay. Well… it had a strange inscription on top. I can't even say it from memory, but the thing was called The Mirror of Erised. It doesn't show your reflection, but what you really, in the bottom of your heart, what you really want."George gasped. "I…" he hesitated."It showed me my family." Harry looked up. "Dad, Mum, holding me close. I had never in my life up to then… I had never felt loved, George. Never." The lone twin didn't know what to do. He knew Harry had been gravely mistreated by those animals. Denied everything but scraps. And even those, given with hate and disdain. It was a wonder he had turned out as a good guy."I spent several nights there, just looking at that illusion. Even then, I knew it was not real. But I had to be there to feel them. And you know what? Later that year, when Hagrid gave me the album of pictures he had collected for me, the people from the mirror didn't really match with the pictures. But these, even in pictures, these were my parents.""I didn't know that, Harry.""It's okay, George. It was a long time ago. Maybe someday I will tell you more. When we are both ready. Right now," he stood up brusquely, slapping his thighs, "we have to plan your trip."Late OctoberMexico CityHernandez Household"Welcome to my humble home, Mister Weesli." The Mexican wizard slapped George's back, almost knocking him down. "Sandra! Cariño!" He bellowed, "tenemos visita!"A dark skinned woman came down the stair. She smiled widely, wiping her hands in a hanky she put into the pocket of her apron. "Well…come…" she said, frowning. She shook her head and said to her husband, "Apenas me medio acuerdo de mis clases de Inglés, Sergio! Dile que es bienvenido a la casa y que su cuarto estará listo en un ratito."Sergio Hernández kissed her in the cheek, pinching her bottom at the same time. She slapped his hand playfully. "Que va a pensar el señor?!"Sergio laughed, and winked at her, "Que mi esposa es la más linda de la ciudad!" He turned back to George. "My wife doesn't really speak English, but she says your room will be ready in a few minutes.""Ah, um," George opened the common phrases book Harry had given him, smiled awkwardly at both, and said "Grass-ee-as, sen-eeora Err-nan-dess." He raised his eyebrows questioningly, hoping he had not mangled the words too badly.Sergio nodded in approval. "Good enoff, Mister Weesli!" He nodded, tilting his head to the left. "You'll need a bit of practice, but that's okay, no one is born knowing. Now, you must be tired and hungry." He checked his watch, "We eat in half an hour, you're welcome to join us, but," he raised his right index, "I suggest you don't add the salsa to your food. My wife is famous for her home made guacamole, and she likes it really, really spicy!"George nodded, "I've heard the stories. It can't be that hot, I mean."Sergio laughed again, George would have compared it to Hagrid's booming laughter, but his host actually sounded even louder than the half-giant! "Don't say I didn't warn you. Well, I'll just ask Sandra to reserve a bit of guacamole with less chili."Half an hour later, George Weasley realized that Mexican food could be both delicious and a torture at the same time.He put a bit of the curious green stuff on the meat on his platter, "Seg-ooro keh no peeca?" He said, remembering the phrase book phonetic instructions."Quite sure, this may be just a little hot, but just a little. Kid stuff, really." A child of about six years, with a wild mop of hair that reminded George of Harry's own, though short and quite spiky, signaled George for permission to take a small spoonful, George nodded, unsure of what to say.The boy, Manuel, George remembered the name, proceeded to take a tortilla, putting some pieces of chicharrón on it, spread the guacamole over the crispy pieces, rolled the tortilla, and bit into it with evident pleasure."See? Kid stuff!" Sergio boomed.However, Sandra filled George's glass with fresh watermelon juice, diluted in water and with just a little bit of sugar added. "Por si las moscas." She said."What did she say?""Actually… it doesn't translate well, but it means 'Just in case.'"George did follow Sergio's instruction, under Manuel's expectant gaze. George recognized the gleam in the boys eyes. He and Fred had it just before springing a prank!'I'm about to make a mistake. I know…' he thought. He cut the meat, and without hesitation, he chewed. The taste was amazing! He closed his eyes for a moment, concentrating on the favour and texture.He nodded as he swallowed, "Mui sav-rosso!" He said, and it was then when it hit him. His tongue began to get warn, then hot, and finally, he felt as if his whole mouth was on fire! He fanned his hands desperately, looking around. Sergio put the glass in his hands, and George drank it in three frantic gulps!Sandra had already poured another, and gave it to him.George managed to empty the whole jar of watermelon water. He gasped and wiped his face with a hanky, still fanning his mouth."Esta bien, Señor Weesli?" Sandra asked. George nodded spasmodically. "Yeah, I think… That has quite a punch!"With all seriousness, Sergio pontified, "Mister Weesli, if a Mexican says a salsa isn't hot, it is hot. If he says it's mildly hot, it is very hot. If he says it is very hot, it is extremely hot. And if he says it is really, really hot, you better have your will registered and your affairs in order." Then he broke laughing. "I mean it!""And this was?" George gestured at the little dish."Not hot."Sandra took the dish, replacing it with another. "Es solo aguacate con sal. Sin chile."Sergio translated, while Manuel snickered "Avocado with a pinch of salt. No chili. I trust you'll find it to your liking." He smiled again.With some fear, George tried it. But just as promised, it was not spicy at all.That night, Sandra and her grandmother, decorated a small table near the dining room. There were some pictures, and, to George's surprise, small skulls made of sugar or chocolate among the bright orange flowers.Sergio pulled two chairs to the backyard, and sat with George. He had brought a couple of beers from the kitchen and gave one to George."Curious?""Yeah. In England we celebrate both Halloween and Samhain, we plácate the angry ghosts, at least, symbolically. I had never seen sugar skulls." He scratched his head, puzzled."We are a complicated mix of traditions, Mister Weesli. Some from our native ancestor, some from our Spaniard ancestors. But the short version Is this. We remember our departed in this form. Tradition says that the night of October the 31st, the veil between the land of the living," he sweeped his hand around, "and the land of the dead, gets open, and the ghost of our late relatives has permission to come up for a visit. We, the living, put an altar for them, an offering, with their pictures, so they know we still remember them. That night, we prepare their favorite food, and put it in the altar, so their spirits can eat once again.""And they do eat it?" George leaned forward on his chair."Symbolically, yes. They eat the… the essence of the food, because they are spirits. We do get to eat the rest, of course." His smile was full of memories. "Come, I'll introduce you. And explain the meaning of each part of the altar."October the 31stBack in EnglandGeorge Weasley's FlatEarly EveningGeorge arranged the table just as Sergio and Sandra had shown him. On the table, a jar of water, a little bowl full of salt, several lit candles, incense, cempasúchil flowers (those had been a bit of a problem at customs, until the inspector determined the plants were not magical), a petate(kind of rug/tablecloth/bed, made of woven fibers), a small ceramic dog, a round bread Sergio had called "Pan de Muerto" (Bread of the Dead), a picture of Fred, a plate with Fred's favorite dinner dish, a sandwich with bacon, butter, tomato and cheese. George had barely managed to prepare it, the memories kept coming. And finally, two chocolate skulls. Both twins preferred chocolate to candy. On the forehead of one, Fred's name, lovingly written on a small piece of paper; on the other, George's name. Of course, under each paper, there was another, with the other's name. Fred would have approved.George checked his altar once again."There's water, Fred, for you to drink. Salt, to keep your spirit pure. Candles, to light your way. Incense, to keep evil spirits away. You know who you are, guys, you are not welcome. The flowers," George scratched his head, "I'm not really sure about those, but that's how I was shown, so here they are, I hope they will guide you here, brother. The petate… I had never even heard of it, but well, today is a mantlecloth. The izcuintli, the toy dog, to keep you company in the way here and back. The bread, well… it is very tasty, I'm sure you'll like it. And a sandwich, just the way you liked it. Be welcome to this humble dinner, Fred. I miss you."George set everything as Sergio and Sandra had shown him. He lit the candles, making sure there was nothing flammable around, and setting a few fire-proofing charms, just in case. "Ah, I almost forgot." He poured two measures of firewhiskey in two glasses. He took one, and clinked it against the other, "For you, Fred, the best brother I could have asked for. Cheers!"And he drank it in one gulp. Two puffs of smoke came out of his ears. He sat on a comfy chair, watching his offering.And remembered his late brother, until he fell asleep with a smile on his lips.For the first time in a very long time, he felt at peace. The emptiness in his chest would be still there in the morning; but for now, just for this night, Fred and George Weasley were together again.

AUDREY BLANCHARD ALWAYS HAD BEEN a mix of bubblegum, pop music and a bit too much prettiness.The first time that she made a boy blush she had been five and little Edward White had asked for one of her crayons – and she had given him a smile, bright enough to make the boy fall from his chair. Since then, little Audrey Blanchard had been a hurricane around boys (and some girls), full of big smiles and sassy winks that, most often than not, landed her in trouble.Because Audrey Blanchard was born different.Of course, this could be mean she was born a witch – like her beloved father – with magic flowing in her veins and witchcraft deep in her bones, potions and spells etched in her very soul. But, in her world, that was normal, and thousands of children around of the world were born with all those things every year.But Audrey being Audrey, of course things wouldn't be as simple as being born a witch in a long line of other witches. Her father, of course, the extra drama queen he was, really had to make things worse for baby Audrey and make her mother a veela.Beautiful creatures, the veelas, with the appearance of a dashing blonde woman whose looks could make any man feel at their feet. Except by the fact they aren't humans, and Audrey always had those disturbing thoughts in the back of her mind of how in hell her father would thought a good idea to have sex with a non-human creature who, when angry, turned in a bad bad bird who breathed fire.But the point is, something in the middle of the last decade – you know, crazy 1970s – her father – famous, rich heir who liked outrageous clothes and cheesy pick-up lines, but had been a very handsome young man in his twenties – had found himself a lost veela in the middle of Beverly Hills and got the damn thing pregnant, and that was how Audrey was born.Her grandparents had been scandalised. Baby Audrey, in her mother womb (do Veelas have wombs?) probably had been too. Things went downfall very quickly this point onwards – her mother had left her with daddy Mr. Blanchard and disappeared, because apparently veelas aren't keen in keeping in touch with human flings – and baby Audrey had been raised by a less than prepared father.Ezra Blanchard wasn't a bad father if we must be fair. He was kind, and considered, and always liked to spend time with his daughter, but he just wasn't cut to raise someone, since he couldn't even be responsible by himself. Maybe he would be a nice uncle – you know, the one who teach you how to drive and which beers are good and the ones who aren't, but not a dad.Then you see the problem.The moment Audrey was born, even if she had been an adorable baby – all pink cheeks and big, blue eyes – she was a responsibility and Ezra Blanchard wasn't good with those. Then, by the time Audrey was old enough, he had shipped her to the other side of the world, to a boarding school in England, under the pretext of Hogwarts – what kind of name was that? – was where he studied.Audrey didn't care for any of this bullshit. She was more worried by the fact that her father had shipped her alone to another country – England, dear Lord, are she going to have tea? She hated tea – to a school full of normal people – you know, under the wizard normal status – where she was no meant to talk about her heritage.God forbid someone to discover the things that her father liked to do in his Manor, in Beverly Hills, far away from the judgement of his parents.Like you know, fuck a non-human being, and have a daughter with said non-human being.And this is how Audrey Blanchard – heiress to crazy bachelor Ezra Blanchard, sixth biggest fortune in magic Europe – got herself giving dirty looks to Hogwarts Express every single year.

PART ONE: FADINGwhere she has to found herself{1991 - 1993}I"I have to do what?""You have to run straight at the wall, darling", her grandmother said with the same ice-cold voice she used to everything that annoyed her in the slightest. In the few days Audrey had spent in London, safely tucked in her grandparents mansion – the old and fancy Blanchard House – had been enough to grasp a lot of things about Mrs. Evelyn Blanchard, the matriarch of her family; first, she was a tall, elder witch with grey hair always in a tight bun, and second, she had no patience with children at all.And normally adults loved Audrey. She was educated, pretty and knew when to shut up. What more an adult could ask from an eleven-year-old?But while her charm worked in almost anyone over eighteen-year-old – just bat her eyelashes and make some cute comment that would make all the adults go "oooh, isn't she cute?", Evelyn Blanchard (who hated being called grandma) was immune to anything that Audrey tried. She was a wall of ice and pragmatism with no time to spend with her only granddaughter."You want me to run into a wall?!", Audrey squalled. She wasn't a girl who complained easily about stuff – she liked to think of herself as overall lucky, and when not lucky, complaining never helped much – but asking her to run into a wall was a bit too much. If she were back at home, she had sure Ilvermony would never ask her to be part of such mess.How gauche, running into walls. Had Hogwarts any finesse?"I always knew my son was a bit of a useless excuse of wizard but had him failed to raise you to be any less stupid than him?", Evelyn cut her with no remorse. "Just run in the wall, silly girl. We don't have all day, it's just magic. I'm sure you know magic".Audrey huffed, and her fingers curled around the cart with her heavy trunk – her grandmother had made her pack her things three times, until all of her clothes had been perfectly folded, and scolded Audrey at least a thousand of times for almost forgetting something. "I'm a very bright girl. I won an estate award for my last essay, thank you very much", she sassed.Because it was true. Audrey wasn't stupid; of course, she hated maths with everything in her (after all, the numbers never made sense and it wasn't her fault1), but she excelled in almost everything else.Her grandmother's nostrils flared in anger. "Audrey, run at the wall"."No".Audrey was sure Evelyn was close to physically hitting her.But you see, it wasn't she was trying to be difficult (even if Audrey could be difficult sometimes), but she was angry. Terrible, awfully angry, with so much anger and resentment burning just under her skin, because her dad – who she always thought to be cool and all that – had woken up in the beginning of the summer and said:"I enrolled you at Hogwarts"Just that. No excuse, no whys, or I'm sorry. Just one "you are going to Europe in late August, darling, now can you pass me the maple syrup, please?"Audrey cried and made the biggest scandal her lungs could do. Then she cried some more, went on a hunger strike, and even tried to run away from home. Audrey even tried to argument or convince her dad – and she was very good convincing people to do what she wanted – but all her attempts had been futile. Apparently, her father didn't like her any more.What other reason was to send your only daughter to another country for almost all year?Audrey always wanted to go to Ilvermony, with her friends – Cal, and Liz and even Betty Fairchild, who cut her hair once when they were six years old, but suddenly she was the only one shipped to Hogwarts, where her dad had graduated before flying away from UK as soon as he could."For Merlin's sake, Audrey, just run at the wall before I throw you into it!", Evelyn threatened, her grey eyes – same eyes that Audrey's dad had, but completely different from her own blue ones – swirling with anger. "I'm not saying it again!""Great. Do you think any of grandpa's owls are quickly enough to get to Ilvermony before the start of term? I'm sure I'm not going to run into walls there! Problem solved!".Audrey tried her best smile. The one that make boys blush, girls lost her words and her dad buy her the new Barbie's dreamhouse – you know, the one that was almost her height. Audrey never knew if that smile was one of her things – a ability born with her, to bend people to her will, or if it was one of the mom's thing.Like her hair – melted silver, even if her dad was black-haired, or like eyes, or like the fact that she had not inherited the aquiline nose that all the Blanchards had. In fact, no one knew exactly what things Audrey had got from her mother – she never knew anyone like her, and her dad had no idea what else was in her blood but fair hair and pretty eyes.So far, she had never spite fireballs and neither had transformed into an angry bird. Again, overall lucky.Evelyn was ready to chop off her granddaughter's head (Audrey could almost see smoke coming out of her head). Audrey had never been surer of being ahead of a near-death experience – even worse than when she fell into an almost frozen lake in the middle of winter holiday when she was eight. Her dad had never been scary – a bit crazy, untrustworthy sometimes, but harmless as a little bunny – but his mother could define the meaning of scare.Audrey ended running into the wall, trunk and cat and everything else.And even if she was seething angry, furious even, with a lot of tears still stuck in her throat, Audrey took time to admire the magnificence of Hogwarts Express. She had seen trains, of course she had, but never paid much attention to them – old beasts of metal and smoke, roaring by the country. Audrey liked the elegance of her dad's expensive muggle cars better, with the feeling of the leather under her fingertips and the windows she could open and feel the wind in her hair.But the Hogwarts Express was something else, painted in black-and-red, almost too shiny to be built by anything else than magic itself, reflecting the warm sunlight that gently peaked from the glass ceiling. It was imposing and powerful and all the things that wizards and their world are meant to be, and Audrey let herself admire it.The platform ¾ was something else too, filled with a crowd of new and old students and their families, their voices mixed with the sound of owls and cats. The magic was impregnated all way around her, and she could fill her own under her skin, running in her veins.Audrey never had paid much attention to the fact she was a witch. It was something as normal as being a girl, or being blonde, or being a half-human. Being a witch was intrinsic and one of the things that defined Audrey Blanchard as Audrey Blanchard, but being there, in the way to school – even if wasn't the school she wanted – made her think of what it meant.Bubbling magic in her veins, with power in her hands. All the things she could do, the impossible, amazing things that being a witch meant."You are going to be late", Evelyn said somewhere behind Audrey, "if we don't find you a compartment soon"."And Blanchards are never rude enough to be late", she repeated. Her grandmother hands – pale, and bony, with long, elegant fingers full of expensive rings – latched in her shoulders, and guided Audrey between the crowd. Somewhere, she heard a boy talking about not being a monitor, and someone was gossiping about the boy they meet in the summer.They found her a compartment by the end of the train, still empty, and Evelyn put her trunk in the train with a flicker of the wand she always kept hidden in her sleeve, while Audrey hold the Cat's cage as hard as she could. She would be damned if her cat got lost in the middle of the train."Now, listen. Don't get in trouble; and we don't care in which house they put you if you get good grades. For Merlin's sake, Audrey, remember you are the Blanchard heiress. You must behave accordingly. Therefore, I hope to not receive any letters of poor conduct. I'm clear?"Audrey looked to her grandmother. Really, really looked. Evelyn used to be a beauty in her younger years – Audrey had seen the pictures in the Mansion, but it wasn't the beauty that made her famous.Was her ruthless mind and the cunning ways to get her family in the top of the world.Audrey could respect that.Respect her rules was another completely different thing."I will try", she said, in her best honey sweet voice, wearing a charming smile and all. Had Evelyn been anyone else, Audrey would probably have got a pat in the head and a compliment for that.But Evelyn was Evelyn and never liked Audrey very much. She shot the girl a withering gaze. "Audrey, I'm serious. If Albus send one word of bad conduct, I'm sending you to Durmstrang, and don't think your father are going to help you out, because he isn't the brightest of the sons I had, but not even him is that stupid"."Okay, gran. I'm going to be a good, nice, girl. Is that fine?""You better, for your own good", Evelyn sighed and closed the train door. "Goodbye, Audrey. Send word, darling"."Yeah. Bye, Evelyn"Audrey wasn't going to waste any drop of ink writing to home. No. Nope.No way. They didn't deserve her calligraphy – she had worked really hard on it, until she could write with a quill as good as she could with pen, and then even better, and she wasn't planning on using her abilities to write stuff to her family, who probably despised her.Maybe was one of the mom's things.Or maybe Audrey was just useless enough that not even her dad – who was her favourite person in the world – could bear living with her.Audrey sat by the little window, and her eyes watched as Evelyn – with her perfect grey hair and beautiful crimson dress, went away, until she disappeared. The last two weeks she had spent in London, with her grandparents, had been the most she had spent away from home. Audrey used to visit, as a little kid, but never without her dad and never to spend the whole year in a new school without any of her friends.Her throat burned.Cat meow from her cage, big, yellow eyes craved into Audrey, as if trying to say, "Are you going to let me lock up in here all day?"The girl sighed, before quickly opening the cage. Cat, the cat, was a big American bobtail that Audrey had got as a gift from her last anniversary in the last February. Since then, Cat had become her best friend."At least you aren't going to leave me, are you?"Cat meowed again, with her yellowish eyes.The door compartment slid open with a little screech. Audrey instinctively hugged Cat tighter; she had no idea how Hogwarts students are. Do they pick on the younger girls? Are they going to make fun of her because she had an accent? Can they find out who her mother is?Audrey was ready to throw Cat to anyone who dared to annoy her when a round, baby faced boy around her age came in. He was probably a bit shorter than Audrey, with a mass of blonde hair in his head and a dread-stricken face by the fact the compartment he chooses had a girl on it. "S-sorry".She smiled. Not her golden-winning smile, the one that probably was going to kill the boy, but her I'm-nice smile. "Do you want to sit? I'm all alone".He looked unsure, shuffling his feet, before deciding by himself and sitting down in the seat in her front. Audrey smiled a bit more, just to be sure. People liked when she smiled. "I'm Audrey", she stretched one of her hands, and Cat hissed.The boy flushed a deep red, before taking her hand in his in a sloppy handshake. "Neville. Neville Longbottom. Are you – ", he cleared his throat, "are you a first year too?""Yeah. And this is Cat, the cat. She doesn't like boys, so it's better if you don't pat her, but she is a nice girl".Are you going to be my friend? Audrey wanted to scream. Neville looked sheepishly, and a bit of too soft, with his baby fat and round face, but Audrey had no friends here. She wanted friends."Oh, yeah", he looked to the cat in her arms. Then his hands went to one of his pockets, and Audrey made a confuse frown. "This is Trevor".She almost screamed because Trevor was a toad. Not a nice, cute cat, nor a funny, small rat, but a toad. She had never ever put her hands in a toad, and honestly, they looked a bit weird and all that. She gulped and tried a smile, because Neville wasn't that bad, and he probably liked his toad.Oh well, at least that thing was going to be in his dormitory and not in hers."Hello Trevor!", she squawked and hugged Cat a bit closer, just because she wasn't looking exactly happy about the other animal. Audrey was a bit scared of Cat jumping in the boy just to catch the toad and that was not how you start a friendship.The door of the compartment opened again, just as the train started to walk. This time, it was a girl, with bushy, brown hair and already wearing the Hogwarts uniform that had made Audrey wrinkle her nose the first time she had seen it. Her dark eyes went from Neville to Audrey at least twice before she made up her mind. "Hey. Sorry, almost all the other compartments are full. Can I sit there?"Audrey quickly thought that the probabilities of this girl having some weird pet too are low, so she smiled the best she could. "Yeah, sure! I'm Audrey Blanchard, and this is Neville Longbottom. What's your name?"The girl looked at her. "Blanchard, like Edward Thorne-Blanchard? I've read about him; his spells are famous and very interesting. I hope they teach some of them to us, not in the first year, of course, but would be terrible useful to know some of them. Anyway, I'm Hermione Granger".Audrey blinked."Yeah, I think he is my great-grandfather or something like that".Hermione sited down by her side and folded her hands in her lap. "I'm so excited to see Hogwarts! I've read all about it in Hogwarts: A History, because I wanted to know the rules, and the history of the castle – do you know how old the castle is? – and how everything works, because you know, no one in family is magic at all. I'm so excited, because Hogwarts is the best magic school that exists, and having a good education is a decisive factor in life success."Audrey blinked again and looked at Neville. He didn't look like he had read Hogwarts: A History either."My family is almost all magic, I think", Audrey said. "But I thought I was going to another school. Not Hogwarts"."Are you American?", Hermione asked, suddenly curious. "I've read about some schools of witchcraft in America! Are they as good as Hogwarts, aren't they?"Audrey blinked again. That girl could speak, and fast.And was in her moment of shock by the quickly paced speech of Hermione Granger that everything went to hell, because Cat choose her owner's moment of listlessness to pounce directly into Neville's arms, where Trevor, the toad, was being safely kept.a/n: its 4a.m i should be sleeping but i've wrote probably 15 pages for this fanfiction. next chapter will be up tomorrow or after that, depends on how quickly i can edit it.also, english isn't my first language. i'm writing this fanfiction not just for fun, but because i need to improve my writing skills (and also because i'm locked in my house since march because of covid-19). if you find any mistakes, please feel free to point them. thank you so much, and please stay safe out there.love,star.

So originally this book was posted on Wattpad with pictures of what actors or actresses I thought each character looked like so I wouldn't have to describe them but didn't add them. So instead for Lily Evans picture Karen Gillan, For James Potter picture Aaron Taylor Johnson, For Sirius Ben Barnes, Remus Lupin Andrew Garfield, For Peter Jamie Bell, For Marlene as Freya Mavor, Alice Fortescue as Carey Mulligan, Mary Macdonald as Kaya Scodelario and as Dorcas Meadows, Kate Graham.Main CharactersLily Evans 16 January 30, 1960, returning to school as a prefect and amazing grades she earned from the previous year. She has a goal to not only avoid the death eaters but to protect her friends as well. She is extremely worried about the situation going on outside the school and is extremely scared of what can happen to her family. She is also hoping to avoid both the attention of her ex-best friend Severus Snape and her "enemy" James Potter. After an incredibly horrible summer in which her sister treated her like absolute crap, she is excited to see her friends again. She is a somewhat popular girl and smart, she is 5'4 130 lbs. She is not on the Quidditch team although she loves to attend games. She is a member of the slug club and she has a doe Patronus. For Lily, I believe she is the INFJ the advocate. (Introverted, Intuition, Feeling, Judging) I think she has a deep sense of idealism and integrity but can speak with great passion and conviction. She strives to do what's right and wants to help people in her life. I think she is creative, insightful, principled, passionate, and Altruistic. I think the weaknesses are she can sometimes be sensitive to criticism, reluctant to open up, perfectionistic, avoiding the ordinary, and prone to burnout. I think in relationships, she takes the process of finding a romantic partner seriously and prefers not to settle until the ideal match is found. It can take time and results in her ending relationships due to having unrealistic expectations. In friendships, I think she prefers to have a close circle of confidants and once she connects with someone, she will open up more and share everything with them. She has a high standard for herself and therefore, she has high expectations for her friends.James Potter 16, Birthdate 27 March 1960 returning to school knowing he has to change if his friends are going to last the year. Over the summer, Sirius Black ran away and was left with an extremely fragile state. Not only that Remus Lupin and Sirius's relationship is still struggling to recover after the trick Sirius played the previous years. Also, his dreams are littered with what might happen if the full Moon goes array. On top of that, he is worried about his parents who are in the order and has to deal with peter struggling in classes. This goes along with the increasing danger of future death eaters in the castle. He is also, the only member of his friends who knows that the Triwizard Tournament is returning to the castle and that he might enter. He not only popular, smart, and a chaser on the Gryffindor quidditch team. He is 6'1, 160 lbs and has a stag Patronus. He has a giant red stag Animagus. For me, James was impossible to decide because I could see him being either the Commander or the Protagonist. Ultimately, I decided on Commander because the Protagonist type is unable to make hard-decisions, unlike James. He is a natural-born leader who has confidence, authority, and draws. Crowds together. He is rational, smart, and resilient. He loves a good challenge and with enough time he and resources he can do absolutely anything. He will push through in areas when everyone else would rather give up. He is efficient, energetic, self-confident, strong-willed, strategic thinker, and charismatic and inspiring. I think he can also be stubborn, intolerant, impatient, arrogant, poor handling of emotions, and ruthless. In a relationship, James will approach relationships with a goal and a plan to achieve them. In relationships, they put a lot of effort into both the short term and the long term. I think with friendship, he befriends people who share a passion for deep, discussions, who enjoy learning and development as much as he does. With his friends, he is willing to do just about anything for his friends and defending from anything coming at them in any direction.Marlene Mackinnon 16, October 15, 1959. She comes into this year worrying about her family and older siblings she is leaving behind as the world is becoming a dangerous place and her family is in order. She is a member of the Gryffindor Quidditch team as the Chaser and is an extremely popular girl. She comes from a decently wealthy pureblood family and has two older brothers. She is an extremely attractive girl and popular as well. She has a curvy figure, that is also muscular. She is 5'8 150 lbs. Her Patronus is a very playful otter. In my mind, she is the Entertainer or ESFP (Extroverted, Observant, Feeling, Perceptive), I think she is popular and the type of person who turns everything into a party. Sociable, she loves simple things and spending time with friends.s She has an eye for fashion and has her own style. She often forgets her homework or other responsibilities as she gets caught up in having fun. I think she is bold, original has showmanship, practical, observant, and has extremely good people skills. I think, however, she is also sensitive, conflict-averse, easily bored, not a long-term planner, and unfocused. She is also the type to have fun in relationships and does not focus on dating for the future. She is the one who brings spark and energy to her group of friends constantly wanting to do something fun.Alice Fortescue 16, 25 August 1960 She comes from a pureblood family that wasn't necessarily wealthy and whose uncle owns the Ice cream shop. Heading into the Sixth year, she is trying to keep her head down and avoid attracting any attention from the death eaters that would hurt her family outside of school. She is not a Quidditch player, nor is she the most popular girl in school, but she does fairly well in school. Dreams of becoming an Aurora. She is rather petite being 5'3, 140 lbs but can dish out some rather nasty hexes and jinxes. Her Patronus is a Seal. In my opinion, Alice is the Logistician or ISTJ (introverted, observant, thinking, judging) as I believe she is the type of person who has integrity, practical logic, and has a strong sense of duty. She has patience and is able to take a calm and relaxed approach to problems. I think she is honest and direct, strong-willed, responsible, calm and practical, create and enforce order, jack of all trades. I also believe she is stubborn, insensitive, always by the book, judgmental, often unreasonably blames herself. With dating, I believe Alice is the type to find the right person and to hold onto them no matter what. They take the slow methodical approach, they do not rush or force things, dedicating time for friendships to develop.Mary Macdonald Birthday 16, 18 July 1960, She comes from a muggleborn family is increasingly worried about the situation of Hogwarts. She was hurt seriously the previous year by Mulciber and Avery. She is struggling to get over this incident as often she wakes up with both panic and fear. Her goal for the year is to get through it with little to no incidents and with the Slytherins leaving her alone. She is 5'4 125 lbs. Her Patronus is a Tonkinese Cat. In my opinion, Mary is INFP the Mediator, introverted, intuitive, feeling, perceiving. I believe she has a caring nature and values harmony and empathy. She has a great inner nature and loves to daydream. She is thoughtful, generous, open-minded, creative, passionate, loyal to her values, overly idealistic, impractical, self-critical, emotionally driven, and difficult to get to know and conflict adverse. In relationships, she is a dreamer and therefore I believe she looks for true love and does not want to have anything short of that. Once they do find that person they are completely loyal to the relationship. Despite being an introvert, she still loves to spend time with her small group of friends, once she knows she can trust them.Dorcas Meadows 16 Birthday 1st of August 1960, she is a rather fierce half-blood coming back to school looking to protect her friends from the Death Eaters and a fierce determination to make a difference in the world. She is hoping to get great grades and fight in the war against Voldemort. Becoming increasingly aware of the dangers facing her Family. She is an extremely fierce person who excels in DADA, Charms, and Potions. She is a badass. She has a White Stallion Patronus that is seriously unique. She is a seeker on the Gryffindor quidditch team. She is extremely muscular 5'11, 175 lbs. in my opinion Dorcas is the Executive or the supervisor. She loves law and order and she enjoys getting the job done. She loves working in a group as long as who she's working with are hard-working and dedicated. She is extroverted, Observant, Thinking, and Judging she is dedicated, strong-willed, Direct and Honest, loyal, reliable, patient, an excellent organizer and enjoys creating an order. She can too inflexible and stubborn. Uncomfortable with unconventional situations, judgmental, difficult to relax, and expressing emotion. In relationships, she is honest and direct and she, therefore, behaves the same from beginning to end. In friendships, she is the one who constantly organizes activities and practices.Remus Lupin 16, Birthday March 10, 1960. He is still struggling to deal with his lycanthropy after the incident with Severus Snape the year before and the marauders becoming animagi. In my opinion, he's from wales and therefore speaks welsh better than English. His family generally treats him like a monster and a beast when they think he isn't paying attention. He is extremely studious and smart, and the mastermind of a lot of the marauder's pranks. Gets less attention than his best friends. Patronus is a wolf and is 6'3 150 lbs, rather skinny, with scars littering his body. He worries constantly about his friends and deep down is worried about becoming a monster. In my opinion, he is ISFJ the defender or introverted, observant, feeling, and Judging. I think he has excellent analytical abilities, as well as great people skills. I think he is reliable, and a bit of a perfectionist. He is supportive, reliable, and patient, imaginative and observant, Enthusiastic, Loyal, and Hard-working, and good practical skills. His weaknesses are that he is humble and shy, takes things too personally, repress their feelings, overloads himself, and is too Altruistic. I think in romantic relationships, he is originally shy and therefore it takes time to get him to open up. Once he opens up, he becomes a dedicated and loyal partner. I think in friendships, Remus is shy and does not open up easily so it takes persistence to become friends with him.Sirius Black: 16, Birthday November 3rd, 1959. The story begins the school year after he runs away from his home and disowned by his abusive family. He played as a beater for the Gryffindor quidditch team is 5'9 and 170 lbs. Extremely attractive gets a lot of girls' attention. He speaks French, and is one of the best in the school at dueling, and has a somewhat vast knowledge of both the dark arts and healing charms. He has a dog Patronus and began a dog Animagus that looks like the Grimm. He will spend a lot of time on his hair, and he will have both anxiety and suffer from depression. For Sirius, he is an ESTP personality, the Entrepreneur as I believe his character is extroverted, observant, Thinking, and Perceiving. I think he always the center of attention or being the entertainment. He is pretty smart, but he would rather go out and do something, rather than theorize it. He does not look before he leaps and fixes their mistakes as they go. I think he struggles in school as he does not do well with rules. He is bold, rational, and practical, original, perceptive, direct, sociable. I think on the other hand he is insensitive, impatient, risk-prone, Defiant, and unstructured. In romantic relationships, he is more focused on having fun, instead of focusing on the future or a long-term relationship. In his friendships, he is the one with new ideas and suggestions.Peter Pettigrew: 16 Birthday 9 September 1960, He begins after receiving not the best OWL's results from the year before. He is extremely scarred with the situation starting to brew outside and knows that his friends are going to be fighting in the front line and he will have no choice but to follow this or else he thinks he will lose his friends. He is a member of the group given the least amount of attention. He doesn't do so well in most of the classes and requires the assistance of both Remus and James. He has a rat Patronus and Animagus. He definitely has confidence issues and is bullied by the Slytherins when he is alone. As a character, he is not as attractive as his friends as he is 5'7shortest of the marauders 180 lbs. Not very athletic however, he does love the sport. In my opinion, Peter is ESFJ or the Consul. (Extroverted, Observant, Feeling, Judging). He is the one concerned with gossip, practical matter, and social status. He loves to be of service and loves to be valued and has strong practical skills, very loyal, sensitive, and warm, good at connecting with others. I think he is worried about social status, inflexible, vulnerable to criticism, and often too needy. To Peter, each stage of dating is important and his goal is to create understanding from early on. He can become hurt when insulted creating problems. In friendship, he is warm and loyal, standing by his friends offering emotional support and encouragement.(All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(Sept 1st 1976)James POVI woke up early in my room in Potter Manor right as the Sun was beginning to rise. I could not help but watch and enjoy the picturesque view as the sun shines light across the forest in our backyard. I get changed putting on my clothes and prepare to go running before breakfast. I find it is an activity that is helpful in clearing my head, staying in shape and composing my thoughts. As I begin to run, I think about how I will be returning to Hogwarts today, my second home, the place where I met my three best friends. Sirius Black, Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. Thinking about my three best friends, it reminds me of what a mess this summer was. Sirius Black, Padfoot, my brother, finally ran away from his childhood home after years of abuse. When I think back to the night Sirius showed up on our front steps. He was bleeding, could barely stand and had tears running down his face. It took me hours to calm him down as he was shaking and trembling in my arms, struggling to breathe. I can still picture it even a month after it happened. Since that day, my parents have basically adopted him and he is slowly getting better. I know he has been scarred permanently both mentally and physically but I am going to be with him every step of the way. I will never give up on him. I spent this summer calming Sirius down when he had panic attacks and putting the pieces back together. Sirius wasn't the only one worrying me, as my other best friend, my brother Remus Lupin or Moony also struggled all this summer. Moony is a werewolf and believes that due to this he is a monster. He is not and will never be a monster, as Moony is one of the best people I have ever met. Ever since the incident at the end of our fifth year, where Sirius told Snape how to get past the whomping willow on a full moon, Moony hasn't been the same. I still feel so scared remembering that night, how I followed Snape to the willow and pulled him out the way just in time, I got a nice scar for my effort. Somehow Professor Dumbledore managed to convince Snape not to speak a word of it. It has been troubling Moony how close he came to hurting someone and reinforced Moony's idea that he is a monster. Also, this summer my best friends and I, the Marauders as we have dubbed ourselves, have perfected our animagi transformations and how to deal with a werewolf on a full moon. I know deep down our animagi transformation worries Moony and he is scared to hurt us. But that doesn't matter to us, our transformations help him and therefore, we are going to continue doing them. I spent most of the summer, reinforcing the idea that he is my brother and that he is not a monster. My last brother Peter or Wormtail was reeling this summer after his poor OWL results added to his already low self-esteem. He has always been bullied for his looks and less than stellar intelligence. I always make sure to compliment Peter or offer him sweets when he feels particularly down. That's why it hurt seeing Wormtail so down this summer, as he is normally such a happy and funny person. I spent most of my summer trying to cheer him up with various sweets and helping plan where to go from here. It's been a bad summer, all round. I can't wait to return to Hogwarts.I start to up my speed to hurry and make it home on time. Once I reach the front steps, I hear Sirius is awake and talking to my mom in the Kitchen.As I enter, I shout to my mom "I'm taking a shower, then I'll be down for breakfast mum."My mom shouts back "Okay, but hurry up, we don't want to miss the train."I rush upstairs and quickly take off my clothes and hop in the shower. I quickly wash and then dry myself. I walk over to the mirror and quickly run my hand through my messy jet black hair. Through the years it has become a nervous habit of mine. As I run downstairs my mind quickly flits to Hogwarts and wondering what this year is going to be like. I know this year is going to be different. I need to step up, I need to be there for my friends and protect them. No one is going to touch them. I enter the kitchen to see my mom, my dad and Padfoot sitting round the table and I can't help but smile about my family. I quickly grab a piece of toast and sit down joining the table. They begin discussing the world outside and Sirius and I begin to discuss what pranks were going to pull this year.Timeskip to the stationSirius and I pass through the Barrier at platform 9 3/4 to the see the Hogwarts express the large steam engine that will take us to Hogwarts. We quickly deposit our trunks in our marauders compartment marked with our initials. Sirius and I walk back out and head to say goodbye to our Mom and Dad."Bye Mum, Bye Dad" I say at the same time as Sirius. I hug my Mom and Dad tightly and without shame. As I let go, Sirius quickly takes my place and hugs them tightly.Before leaving, my mom says "please, stay out of trouble and look after each other."At the same time, Padfoot and I tell her "We will do our best to stay out of trouble but trouble will find us."We head back towards the train when we see two younger students struggling to lift their trunks. We make are way over there and I ask, "do you need some help?"A girl with brown hair and black eyes and light skin exchanged a look with her friend who looks similar brown hair, black eyes but with chestnut-colored skin then says, "Yes please."We hoist up the trunks and carry them onto the train and find an empty compartment to store them. Before leaving I turn and say, "if you guys need anything just let us know, I am James Potter and this is my best friend Sirius Black."The same girl who answered before said "thank you, I'm Samantha Rose, and this is my friend Teri Gardner, she speaks French better than English."Sirius then speaks up and says "Si vous besoins plus d'aide juste demande nous et nous pouvons aider. Je m'appelle Sirius Black et lui est James Potter."The girl looks up surprised and replies "Ca c'est tres gentil merci beaucoup."Sirius and I nod before leaving the compartment to head to our own. As we are walking I feel Sirius elbow me in the ribs to get my attention and I see in front of me is Lily Evans. Lily Evans the girl I have a crush on, the girl who rejected me rather publicly after I asked her out inappropriately. Lily Evans also happens to be a girl with a fiery temper and rather serious hate for me, due to my rivalry with her ex-best friend, pureblood supremacist, Severus Snape. We still see each other fairly often due to being in the same house Gryffindor, being in the same year, and sharing the same friend group. This year I was hoping to interact with Lily as little as possible as I need to be there for my friends and getting mixed up and yelled at by Lily won't do me any good.Sirius seems to have other ideas as he shouts out "Hey Lilikins, how are you!" Might I add Sirius and Lily have a newfound friendship to replace the previously held hatred?Lily turns around and replies "Hey Sirius, Potter, I'm doing alright. How was your summer?"Sirius replies carefully, clearly wanting to avoid the subject "not that bad, how was yours?"In a similar fashion, Lily says "it was fine."I nudge Sirius hopefully discreetly and mutter "We're going to be late meeting the other marauder's let's go."Apparently, it didn't go unnoticed by Lily as something flashed in her eyes. Padfoot seemed to grasp the situation and said a quick goodbye to Lily as we made our way past.As we enter the compartment we hear an excited shout from Peter and Remus "Prongs, Padfoot!"I quickly say "Moony, Wormtail" just as eagerly back. We needed to get down to business before Remus goes to the prefect meeting.I quickly say "Marauder's I call to order the 6th annual meeting of the Marauders on the Hogwarts express. Is everyone present?""Moony Present" Remus answers"Padfoot reporting for duty" Sirius answers"Wormtail here as always" Peter answers"Then let's begin with the planning of our annual start of term prank. Any ideas?" I ask.Remus's face immediately lights up and he seems to have a wide grin etching his way onto his face. Moony says "I've got a great idea and it's going to be epic." We immediately start planning and hardening out the finer details.Timeskip to when Remus leaves for the Prefect MeetingAs Remus leaves for the Prefect Meeting, four new faces enter the compartment. I stand up and walk over before embracing two of the new faces in giant bear hugs. Marlene Mackinnon and Alice Longbottom, who are like my sisters. I remember the day I met them when I was 5, our families were all purebloods but not members of the Sacred 28. We grew up together, took lessons together, they were my best friends before coming to Hogwarts. At Hogwarts, Marlene and I are as close as anyone, we play Quidditch together, she tells me everything and I tell her everything (except about Remus being a werewolf, the fact that I am an illegal animagus as they aren't my secrets). Alice and I have a much quieter bond, but we have a special bond, we don't need words or to say anything, we are just always there for one and other. I turn around and face the other two girls, Dorcas Meadows and Mary Macdonald. Mary and I aren't exactly close I would say at best we're friends. We have the same friends, so we are polite with one and other. Finally, there's Dorcas Meadows, who is my close friend and who is a badass. We became friends the day I told the Gryffindor Quidditch Captain to go fuck himself after he was being a sexist dick towards Dorcas at try outs. I walk over and hug her too. After completing our hellos, we all sit down and begin recounting our tales of summer.Lily's POVI wake up to the sound of my alarm and jump awake and remember this is the day I return to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I quickly prepare what I am going to wear and then head to take a shower before breakfast. In the shower, I can't help but think about the summer and how terrible it's been. My sister has been treating me absolutely terribly, calling me a freak and looking at me like I'm different. At Hogwarts, I get called mudblood by the pureblood supremacists and treated like a freak. The last thing I needed was for the same thing to happen at home but here we are. I hate how I do not belong anywhere. What is worse is the fact that I still have to see my ex best friend Severus Snape around the town of Cokeworth. Every time I see him, I am reminded of the day he finally called me a mudblood. I knew before then that he was obsessed with the dark arts and that he might have called others mudblood but I just didn't want to believe it. My friends even warned about such a thing but I chose to ignore them. I shake all those negative thoughts out of my head and head downstairs, to get breakfast. I can't help but look at the table and see my dad reading the paper and my mom cooking. No Petunia, maybe this will be a nice meal. I say "hi" quickly before taking a seat. My mom bring me a plate of pancakes that are delicious. I begin to dig in when I glance over at the paper my dad's reading. I can't help but notice another strange disappearance has happened. They have been happening more and more frequently showing Voldemort's power growing. Voldemort is a dark wizard, who is terrorizing the magical world. His agenda is to rid the magical world of anyone who isn't pureblood. To him, me and every other muggleborn do not belong in the magical world and should be killed. He is gaining followers called the death eaters quickly and killing anyone who stands in his way. At school, there is a group of students who are all obsessed with the dark arts and pureblood supremacy and are planning to join him after school and hunt down people like me. This of course includes my ex best friend Severus Snape. Everyone in the wizarding world says war is brewing. I do my best to keep my parents in the dark about how dark the wizarding world is getting but it is becoming harder and harder. I constantly worry for their safety and my own safety as I myself am going to be the target for pureblood supremacists during my upcoming year at Hogwarts. I just hope I can keep my good grades and avoid any incidents. My mind wanders back to my parents as I hear my mom call my name. "Lily, Lily are you listening?""Sorry mom, I zoned out for a second, what was it?" I asked"You, Petunia, and I are going to the train station right after breakfast, we'll drop you off first, then Petunia and I are going shopping if that's okay?" My mom repeats.I smiled and say "Sure, mom that's fine."Timeskip to the train stationI walk past platform nine and 3/4 and see the Hogwarts Express in all its glory. I wave at a couple of students I recognize before heading onto the train. I place my trunk on the shelf and start to look for my boyfriend and my friends. I find my boyfriend first, Thomas Linnety a Hufflepuff Prefect in the same year as me. We met on rounds together after Remus was out sick. He is a smart, quiet, and caring person. He has beady eyes the color of the afternoon sky. His silky, straight, medium-length hair is the color blonde and is worn in an attractive style. He is tall and has a lithe build. His skin is white. He has a pointed chin. After spending hours together in the library, he finally asked me out. We went together on the last Hogsmeade trip of 5th year. We've been sending letters all summer. I walk over and hug him tightly as he is not one for PDA or attention."Thomas, I missed you" I say happily,"I definitely missed you too, Lily." He replies."I'm going to go find the girls as I want to see them before the Prefect meeting. Is it okay if we catch up right after the prefects meeting?" I ask"Yes, of course, I don't mind. Go find your friends, I know it's been a while since you have seen them." He repliesI swiftly kiss him on the cheek before going to look for the girls. As I am heading down the train, I hear someone shout out "Hey Lilikins, How are you?"Only one person calls me Lilikins, I quickly turn around and see Sirius Black and James Potter approaching me. Sirius Black and I have a rocky relationship, I used to hate him and James Potter equally as they were both arrogant, bulling prats who tortured my ex-best friend Severus Snape. Then one day, Sirius found me crying over a letter from my sister. He was able to calm me down and opened up about his own family life. After that, we formed a rather tentative friendship. James Potter on the other hand is a complete jerk, who is so arrogant and full of himself. He always messes up his hair to make it look like he just got off a broomstick making half the girls in the school swoon. He is always pulling pranks and causing mischief with his three best friends, the marauders as they dubbed themselves. They include Remus Lupin, my close friend who is rather tamed compared to the other troublemakers, my friend Sirius Black, Potters partner in crime, and Peter Pettigrew, who worships the ground Potter and Sirius walk on. They are the most popular boys in our year. They act like they own the place just because they are extremely smart, the most popular students and Potter is one of the best quidditch players in the school, they think they own the place, strutting around everywhere and acting superior to everyone else. Okay, Sirius and Remus aren't that bad, it is really just Potter, the leader, the most arrogant of them all. I don't understand why so many people like him. He's so annoying, and always arguing with me when I tell him off. Even worse, he had the audacity to ask me out twice last year, including while bullying my ex-friend. I hate him with a passion. I only ever hang out with him because we share common friends. My friends always say he's not so bad but they are wrong. He just always irritates me and worst of all I can rarely win against him. He never backs down or shrinks away from my anger. He's such a prat and a fake. I then notice that weirdly Potter is as eager as I am to have this conversation.I refocus my attention on the conversation and reply "Hey Sirius, Potter, I'm doing alright. How was your summer?"Sirius who doesn't seem eager to talk about his summer replies "not that bad, how was yours?"I was equally unwilling to go into my summer as I had no wish to talk about Petunia. So, I answer "it was fine."I see Potter elbow Sirius and mention something about being late.Sirius seems to understand that Potter doesn't really want to talk to me and so he says a quick goodbye before hurrying after Potter. I couldn't help but be a little surprised because Potter never openly ignored me like that, but maybe I could get through the year without having to yell or scream at him. I continue to search until I locate my friends Marlene Mackinnon, Alice Fortescue, Dorcas Meadows, and Mary Macdonald. Mary and I have been close friends ever since we met in the library 1st year. We are both have similar interests, are quiet, and like to avoid parties as much as possible. Alice Fortescue and I met at the Hogwarts feast in 1st year and we bonded over our unique thinking and love of having a project to do. She taught me everything I needed to know about the magical world. Dorcas Meadows, the girl I met in 1st year after she stood up for me against a couple of older pureblood students. She is very protective of me and always giving me honest but blunt advice. Finally, Marlene Mackinnon my sister in all but blood, she is there with me every step of the way, making sure to get me out of my shell and to have fun. As I enter the compartment, I find Marlene and Dorcas having an argument over who is the best quidditch team. Then, there is Mary who is drawing a picture of the passing scenery. Finally, Alice is reading a book that seems to be a wizard fiction book.As I enter she is the first to see me and says "hey Lily" which seems to break the others out of their activities as they all say Hi to.I sit down and ask, "How was your summer guys?"Marlene Mackinnon immediately went into a detailed account about her action boy packed summer. When she finished her story about sleeping with this foreign French boy, she turns to me and asks, "How was Petunia this summer?""She was the usual, I kind of wish I didn't have to deal with her, but she's my sister I can just hope that at one point she will treat me like a sister again." I reply"You need to stop trying to rationalize her behavior, your sister is a jealous bitch and you shouldn't waste your time with her." Dorcas put bluntly"Dorcas" Alice hissedI was shocked I mean I knew my sister was a bitch, but that doesn't mean you give up on her, I mean you shouldn't give up on family. I still wasn't sure how to reply and Mary sensing my need for a change in topic engaged Marlene in the popular gossip of the school."Marlene did you hear about the drama going on with the 5th year students""You mean the one where Tim Stephenson and Mason McLaggen the most popular boys in fifth year, have crushes on Tessa Wilkinson and Hannah Lyons from the rather nerdy group" Marlene replied"I meant the part that Brooklyn Martin who is friends with Tim and Mason has started to bully Tessa because Brooklyn has a rather large crush on Tim." Mary answersI know Tessa she is a Ravenclaw and a rather kind and nice girl. She is probably going to make prefect this year. I've spoken to her several times in the library and I actually know she has a huge crush on Tim. It hurts to hear she is getting bullied for it. I will need to talk to her after the prefects meeting."You guys do know Tessa has a crush on Tim right?" I answered smuglyMary and Marlene both looked like I had offered them pure gold. And then they along with Alice start to squeal.Alice is the first to speak up "that is so cute they are so going to be a cute couple."The talk of gossip continues until it is time for the prefect's meetings. I say goodbye and head to the meeting. I notice first the head boy is Frank Longbottom an obvious choice as he is a strong-willed, natural-born leader. He has thick brown hair that is worn in a short buzz cut type. He is tall and has a muscular build. His skin is pale. He has a weak chin. Alice has had this huge crush on him since the fourth year. The head girl is Hestia Jones a kind, smart, athletic and caring girl, who always helps out everyone in the hallways. She has tanned skin, black hair rather muscular build, and has soft blue eyes. I watch as the rest of the prefects enter. From Gryffindor, there are 5th years Brooklyn Martin and Dirk Cresswell, Brooklyn Martin! that's the bitch whose bully Tessa! My partner in 6th year is my good werewolf friend Remus Lupin. He doesn't know I know he is a werewolf; it would just make things awkward. Remus and I are super close, he is like my older brother, I trust him with all my secrets and we spend a lot of time studying in the library together. 7th years are Cadaroc Dearborn and Britta Macmillan both rather popular and kind students. From Hufflepuff, in 5th year Nick Murray and Cara Birch both kind people, I see Cara around a lot, she's involved in most things in the school. Nick is best friends with Mason and Tim who the girls were gossiping about. 6th year was Thomas Linnety and Andy Reid, Thomas is my boyfriend and Andy is apparently a kind, hard-working person but I don't know her well. 7th year Reggienal Cattermole and Kristy Dennis, I only know Reggienal for having a crush on Mary. For Ravenclaw 5th year Ash Selwyn and Tessa Wilkinson I know both of them well enough, they are smart and kind and always respectful. 6th year Benjy Fenwick and Emmeline Vance, they are friends of mine, who always stand up for what they believe in. They also make a very cute couple. 7th Year is Regan Adams and Bertram Aubrey, I know Bertram well I went on one date with him, he is an arrogant, pompous git who still has a crush on me. Finally, the Slytherin prefects 5th year Amycus Carrow and Alecto Carrow twins who are going to join the death eaters. 6th Year Severus Snape and Milly Hudson. I know Severus well-being my ex-best friend another dark arts obsessed prefect. 7th Year Pam Parkinson and Evan Rosier both will probably end up in the death eater circle, Evan Rosier is the leader of the future death eaters at school.Timeskip to the end of the prefect meetingI tell Remus I would see him later and walk over to Brooklyn Martin intent on telling her to leave Tessa alone but before I could I felt someone tugging on my arm."Please Lily I need to talk to you." Severus says"I don't want anything to do with you" I spit"Why, all those years done the drain for one word" Severus replies angrilyI am done with his bullshit and lies. "It was more than one word it was years of being obsessed with the dark arts and bullying students. I don't want anything to do with you and your dark art obsession. I'm done making excuses." I shout.Before Severus could reply Hestia came over and asks, "is there a problem over here."Severus quickly replies "no" and walks awayI turn around and say, "thanks Hestia, you're a lifesaver, congratulations on Head girl.""Thanks," She saysI walk off to find Thomas and to catch up. I quickly find him waiting in the corridor for me. I smile happily and walk over."tell me did you read the new Agatha Christie novel it was such a fascinating read." I ask eagerly"You know that's not my type of book Lily, I do not like murder." he replied quietly.I felt guilty for forgetting that he scares easily. I should have remembered that. Shaking my head, I quickly say "Sorry, my bad, I forgot. In your last letter though you mentioned you were reading this new book."He smiles and answers "Don't worry about it. My family took a trip to the states as you read in my letter, so I was able to find this book called A river runs through it and other stories. It's about the inner-workings of a town and the role of a son, father, and husband."I can't help but smile I love to talk about books even books I am not hugely interested in. This one would not be too high on my list but I still enjoyed hearing about it."So, the trip to America, did you get to see anything magical there?" I ask"Not exactly I mean I was with my mom the entire time, since my dad was hunting the magical creature, I didn't get to do anything magical. I mean I wasn't too upset as it was nice to just be muggle for once." He answeredI remembered then that his dad was a monster hunter and that the trip was for work, not just a vacation. I couldn't help but wonder how he found it so easy to drift between the two worlds. I mean I guess he has a parent who can understand his muggle side and a parent to understand his magical side. My parents could never understand my world no matter how well I can describe it. As my mind was drifting I knew I needed to say something."Did you hear about the new developments on a potion to help cure lycanthropy." I ask"No, I mean I guess it doesn't really concern me, but if it is able to keep werewolves at bay and prevent them from hurting innocent people then that sounds great." He repliesI wish I could talk about these kinds of things with someone but no one wants to talk about advanced magic or listen to me ramble on about potions. I found my friends sitting in the marauder's compartment as I expected and quickly waved at everyone as I was entering. I was surprised by what was going on. A game of exploding snap was going on between Peter and Sirius, although it looked like Sirius was winning. Mary was drawing again, while also engaging in a conversation with Dorcas about fashion. Alice and Remus were conversing quietly about what sounds to be classes. What surprised me, is Potter seemed to be reading very quickly mind you a book on advanced charm that even I haven't read. Marlene was sleeping on his shoulder. He doesn't even look up when I enter just continues reading. I sit down and eventually enter the conversation with Remus and Alice about who they think the new DADA teacher will be. The conversation eventually became about OWLs results and what NEWTs we were thinking of taking.Remus went first and says "I got O's in DADA, Charms, Potions, Arithmancy and Herbology, E's in History of magic, transfiguration, and Astronomy. I'm planning on taking DADA, Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, Arithmancy, Herbology."Alice went next and says "I got O's in DADA, Charms, Herbology, E's in everything else. I am taking DADA, Potions, Charms, Herbology, Transfiguration, Astronomy."They looked at me expectantly and so I tell them "I got O's in everything except Transfiguration where I got an E. This year I am taking DADA, Potions, Charms, Herbology, Transfiguration, Alchemy."At this point Potter looks up for the first time and asks, "You're taking Alchemy, you'll have to tell me about that class since there is so little about the subject in the library."I am taken aback by this, why would Potter have an interest in such an obscure branch of magic. I still nod and say "of course, what about you, how did the great James Potter do on his OWLs?"Potter ignores the comment and rolls his eyes at me and then in a calm but confident voice says, "All O's, and I am planning on taking DADA, Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, Herbology, Magical Theory."I am stunned he scored better than me and didn't even have to study, this really ticks me off, and why magical theory, that has to be the most boring class in the world, even worse than Binn's History of magic. Letting the anger get the better of me I spit "how did you score all O's you didn't even study, and magical theory, that has to be the most boring subject there is, why would you take that?"When my anger takes over people usually shy away and back down but Potter has always been the exception. He calmly but with a clear threat in his voice replies "Well, Princess, I happen to do a lot of extra-curricular activities involving magic." He pauses then continues "in these activities I have gained a broad understanding of many types of magic which is why I understand things so well without studying. As well, Magical theory might be boring to you but is the key to all my success. By understanding the theory behind magic and the composition of spells, you are able to see magic in a different light and allows you to learn new or forgotten magic or even be able to use spells in a unique fashion. By seeing how a spell was created step by step, you can see the meaning behind each part of it and manipulate and alter it for your own purpose." He then gets up hands his wand to Remus and then says, "Allow me to offer you a demonstration, Princess, as it might give you an idea of what I mean."I hated the nickname princess and I can see he knows that. I was getting ready to retort because I hate it when someone beats me in an argument, but suddenly he casts a wandless shield charm. I cannot help but gape at him. That level of magic is advance. He is looking at me with an I win look and I cannot let him win. So, I say "That truly is advance magic Potter, but are you telling me you couldn't have learned it without Magical theory?" It turned more into a genuine question at the end.He seemed to sense this as his demeanor relaxed a bit and he replies "Like you said I probably could've, with enough time, but magical theory definitely helped. Magical theory isn't something that allows you to grasp every type of magic. All it does is it gives you the full picture. It focuses on the theory behind it, why certain movements, certain words produce specific types of magic. Without it, you can learn the what but you don't know the how or the why. For me in particular, by being able to see the full picture I can manipulate and slightly alter spells in a way that benefits my specific need. Another example, it teaches us that the wand is only used to focus your power, and how as children before we use our wands we all perform small acts of wandless magic. That the ability to use wandless magic is ingrained in us, it is just that we spend so much time training with a wand that we don't practice without a wand. Then, It's just a matter of practice and focus, and training to develop wandless magic. Don't you see what I am saying, it's about understanding because to solve problems you need to understand and look at all sides of the problem and that is why magical theory is important if you are able to focus and are willing to try and get past the boring beginning."The rest of the girls and I were all shocked, his speech was flawless and logical and it was difficult to find a fault in it. It was so full of passion, and willingness to get me and the rest to understand. It is a natural gift of Potter, when he talks about something important to him, he speaks with such passion, charisma, and understanding that you can't help but listen and agree with him. I hate that about him, it is annoying and he never uses it for anything important. However, if I am being honest with myself it is a bit awe-inspiring. Then, the other Marauders burst out laughing and Sirius says "prongs the amount of time I've heard you go on and on about that class is adding up, I could almost have your entire speech memorized, although I do believe I would do such a better job as I have such a melodic voice and a flair for dramatics which you seem to lack."This made the rest of us laugh."Oi, Padfoot, you may have me with your flair for the dramatics, but I certainly believe I have you beat for looks" Potter replies"Fat chance" Sirius retorts.Almost at the same moment they turn to Remus and Peter and asks "Moony, Wormtail, which one of us is better looking."Peter then loudly whispers to Remus "Not again, how many times have they had this argument in the past month 10, 20 times."Dorcas interjects "So you've had a quiet month."All of us laughed except Sirius and Potter they pouted.Potter and Sirius realizing they weren't going to get an answer decided instead to play duel with wands. We couldn't help but laugh when Sirius made his dramatic fake death as Potter finished him off.It was then I realized it was going to be a fun train ride. The remaining time was passed with us spending time as a group laughing and joking and soon enough we arrived at Hogsmeade station.Please if there is anyone actually reading this, this is my first fanfiction so it would be really helpful if you comment, and most importantly offer feedback so I can get better. Thanks, NC575243. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will dieWord Count 6085

Sept 1st, 1976)Lily's POVWe just arrived at the train station and as a group, we get up and begin to exit the train. I head towards the carriage following Marlene and the rest of my friends. Before we can get there, we hear a small cough from behind us."We're going to catch a later carriage as we need to discuss and prepare a few things," Potter calls.I turn around to give a harsh reply, knowing they are up to no good, but it's too late and they are already gone. I turn back to my friends and ask "what do you think that was about?"Dorcas answers quickly "what do you think it's about Lily, they are obviously causing trouble or planning their first prank." I can't help but agree with her and see Marlene and the rest of them nodding in agreement."I can't help but wonder what it is? Marlene, did James happen to mention what they're up to?" Mary asksMarlene shakes her head disappointingly and says "No, they seemed to want to keep it a secret."You know the Marauders, they love to surprise people and probably think it will add to the showmanship," Dorcas adds."Whatever it is, it is going to be great, it always is. I think they are planning something special, I mean did you see the book James was reading." Alice says"Yeah I saw it, it is a complicated charms book, who knows what they are up to if it requires magic that complicated," I reply. In my head I hope it isn't that bad, the marauder's pranks are normally damaging and usually target the Slytherins. Most people find them funny, but I find most of them cruel, I mean not all of Slytherin house is bad. I was hoping over the summer, Remus might have been able to calm them down, but so far I am disappointed. As I am thinking of this, I hear my friends discussing what the marauders are going to do excitedly. I suddenly rush forward seeing an empty carriage. I climb in followed by Mary and the rest of my group. Before the carriage can pull away, three more faces climb into the carriage. Andy Reid, my fellow 6th-year prefect, Sammy Violetta, a 6th year, a muggle-born, she is quiet and nice and I know she has a crush on Sirius black, finally, Liz Khanna a 6th year Ravenclaw, who is also shy. She often studies with Remus in the library when I am not there. Remus said she is really smart and helpful. I smile at them and say "hello."They all reply with various "hello's" and "hi's" and take a seat opposite from us. They begin their own conversation talking about who they think is going to be the new DADA teacher. I turn to my friends and join in the conversation they were having."Did you hear the new song by the Hobgoblins?" Mary asks"They are such a great band, and I can't help but be envious of their talent." Dorcas answers"Come on Dorcas, your voice is amazing, everyone looks forward to you and James performing after Quidditch matches." Marlene saysWe all nod fervently and Dorcas bursts into laughter at our faces. She says "I wasn't fishing for compliments you guys but thanks anyways.""I would like to add that Queen is superior to the Hobgoblins, it is not even a contest" I addThe others collectively roll their eyes until we hear a new voice enter the conversation "Lily's right, Queens superior to the Hobgoblins in every way."Lily turns and sees Andy Reid looking over with Sammy Violetta whose nodding her head. I turn back to her friends and smiles smugly."Their music may be better, but come on, have you seen Stebbins Boardman he is far more attractive than anyone in Queen." Marlene begins to argue.Scoffing can be heard from Sammy who says "Have you seen Freddie Mercury, he blows Stebbins Boardman completely out of the water. He has perfected the bad boy look."Interested, I turn to Sammy, "are you a big fan of Music?"Sammy smiles and answers "yeah, I'm hoping to have a career in music after school. I'm taking both Muggle Music and Music NEWTs this year. Gryffindor is not the only house with musical performances at their parties.""Are you any good? What's your genre? Who's in your band?" I ask really quickly. Behind me I see my friends snickering and rolling their eyes. They know I get over-excited sometimes.Sammy who does not seem to be phased by my energy answers "Andy Reid over here is the drummer, Kylar Hicks, and Mandy Macheda play the guitar, and I am the singer. We play rock music and we are decent, but we can definitely improve." At the mention that she was a singer, Dorcas's interest peeked and they began a really complicated conversation about singing. I look over at Andy and smile and say "I will definitely have to hear you guys play." In my head, I am thinking we might have made some new friends. The conversation of music continues all the way to the castle.Timeskip to arriving at the castleOur carriage arrives at the front doors and I smile excited to be back and enjoying the view of the large oak doors. My friends and I enter the castle and see the usual corridors stretched out in front of us. We begin to head towards the great hall and find our seats for the feast. We're some of the first to arrive. We begin to talk about who the new DADA teacher will be."It won't matter who he is, he will be gone by the end of the year. We all know the job is jinxed." Dorcas says"Dorcas you and I know it is an important year, we need to have a good DADA teacher if we are going to have any chance at doing well in NEWTs," Alice says"Alice is right, we can't have a useless teacher as we did back in the second year. We learned absolutely nothing that year." I add."I'm not even taking DADA, I didn't pass the OWL. So I don't really care who the new teacher is. I'm more concerned with who the new ancient studies and ancient runes teacher will be." Mary saysI look over expecting Marlene to add something, but I notice she is staring at the entrance to the Great Hall."This can't be good," I say to the rest of my friends, pointing to the entrance of the Great Hall.James POVAfter exiting the train and getting away from the girls, we immediately begin to discuss everyone's role in the upcoming prank."So Padfoot, you're in charge of the projections right, Wormtail, you're in charge of the sounds, and Remus, you're in charge of helping me break the enchantments right," I say while my friends all roll their eyes.Padfoot grins and says "Sir yes Sir, Commander Prongs"Wormtail adds "Roger" (giving James a salute)Remus smiles and says "I read the same book you did Prongs, stop worrying, it is going to go perfectly.""That's lord and supreme master to you, Padfoot. Please try and use my proper title when addressing me." I say, pretending to give him a stern look.We all burst into laughter as we all head towards an empty carriage at the back of the procession. As we are getting in, two people join our carriage. First, is Lucinda Talkalot, the person who is supposed to be the Slytherin quidditch captain and seventh year Slytherin Garrett Beck who is a nice enough, hard-working, and honest guy. I smile at Lucinda and say "Hey Lucinda, did you get the Slytherin Quidditch Captaincy? Hey Garrett."Garrett inclines his head and Lucinda smiles and says "Yeah, I did, I'm so excited I can't wait to get started. I have so many ideas." I look over and see Moony and Padfoot deep in conversation with Garrett about what I think is classes. I turn back to Lucinda and reply "It will be a good competition this year, every team seems to be strong. I mean besides Ravenclaw, who has that idiot in charge Worton Davis.""I know if Hestia wasn't head girl. She's a better leader and player. Hufflepuff is looking pretty dangerous though under Edgar Bones." Lucinda answers"I always say Gryffindor is the best, but this year there is definitely some strong competition. Edgar Bones isn't the one on Hufflepuff who scares me. Remember last year the fourth year, Tim Stephenson, he was always good but it seems like they finally found him some decent chasers to support him, he looks like he's going to be a star." I say enthusiastically"I remember that kid, made the team in the third year, some sort of prodigy. I like to think Slytherin is the top threat to, but this year between you and Hufflepuff it's going to be one hell of a first season as Captain." Lucinda babbles"I think you are forgetting that you have the most skilled seeker in the school, don't tell Dorcas I said that, and there is you, who is the best keeper in the school. Although I still believe that Wood will be a star one day." I say"That's true but you are also forgetting I have to deal with three idiots, Mulciber, Avery, and Wilkes, who we both know won't show me any respect. They will think because I am a woman and because I am not all for that Pureblood shit, that they won't have to listen." Lucinda says while frowning."That's true but don't you have the fourth year kid, Ralph Hammerton. Isn't he a good chap?" I ask"Yes, he definitely is, but I am worried if the wrong people influence him I could lose him." She says, looking rather sad."You've got this Lucinda, we have been playing against each other for how many years 7! 8! Even though we've never been friends, we have been playing against each other before Hogwarts. You were always an amazing person to play against and you always pushed me to be better. Through those years, I've learned your determined, strong, and a very good strategist. You were selected as captain for a reason and because Slughorn clearly trusts you to lead. We all know you can lead. So, lead them don't give them a choice." I rantShe looks at me surprised "I didn't know you were such an admirer of me or any Slytherin for that matter""As I said before, we're not friends, but I've played against you for years, I've come to garner a certain level of respect for you. Plus, I know it is difficult being the captain. The stress piles up. Last year was my first year and I was terrified in the beginning. I even snapped at people unfairly and I had some rather loud outbursts. That's with my teammates being less fickle than your teammates so you've got it even harder." I answer shrugging.She smiles and we continue chatting until the carriage reaches the castle, with Padfoot, Moony, Garrett, and Wormtail occasionally chiming in.Timeskip to arriving at the castleAs the Carriage reaches the Castle we can tell we are one of the last ones there just like we planned. Lucinda and Garrett quickly hop out, wave a quick goodbye, and headed into the castle. We took a little longer, as we got out we couldn't help but admire the Castle and the grounds. Padfoot smiles and says "Are we ready boys." We all laugh answering with various "Yes and Of course's." We pass through the Oak front doors and see people hurrying to the great hall. We follow until we reach the entrance to the great hall. Moony and Padfoot who were leading us suddenly stop. I bump into Padfoot and say "what's wrong Padfoot?" I don't receive an answer so I push my way to the front and see a group of Slytherins standing in front of us. I examine each face individually. First, I see Mulciber with his beady chocolate-colored eyes, and his thick, straight, yellow hair is worn in a style that reminds you of a trailing ribbon and his skin is deeply-tanned. He is sadistic and loves hurting people, with his best friend Avery, the second face I see. Avery has slitted brown eyes. He has fine, curly, midnight black hair that is worn in a style that reminds you of a fluttering flag. He's got a small beard and a stylish mustache. He is tall and has a lithe build. His skin is pale. Next are Crabbe and Goyle, two mindless gits who are dumb as they are heavy. They are tall, with dark eyes and pale skin. They are huge. The last two, Severus Snape and Wilkes. Wilkes is a smart, ambitious, power-hungry, manipulative asshole, who gets away with everything thanks to his proud and rich pureblood family. He has slitted green eyes that are like two chunks of jade. His fine, straight, white hair is very short and is worn in an elegant style. He is very short and has a big build. His skin is white. He has hollow cheeks. Finally, Severus Snape my rival, my enemy, is an ambitious, dark art obsessed, and unfortunately intelligent git. He is round-shouldered yet angular and has a twitchy walk that recalls a spider, as well as having long oily hair that jumps about his face. All I can think is this is not good. I need to get through this without a duel. I need to protect my friends, from these snakes, who clearly wants to hurt them. I glare at Mulciber who is in the lead and then say "Mulciber, Avery, and the rest of you snakes, what did we do to warrant such a reward as to have you waiting patiently for us to arrive. Padfoot did we forget to do something?"Padfoot smiles and says "No, I don't think we did but we can give them a hex or two in case we forgot."I grin to myself, we are always great in these situations. We know exactly how to piss them off. I reply "I think I remember now, we were supposed to visit their compartment and say hi, how could we have forgotten?"Padfoot answers with a wide grin "Prongs your forgetting we do not like them and we go out of our way to avoid them."I turn to them and knowing it will make things worse, but I cannot help myself. I say "Okay, we're sorry for not saying hello, it is just when we see you our days instantly worsens. Now if you don't mind we're just going to step past you and take our seats."They didn't move their snarling faces getting bigger. I am starting to get a little concerned. I look around for a helpful teacher maybe McGonagall, head of our house. Instead, I see that many people in the great hall had their heads turned in our directions. I see Marlene and lock eyes with her. She seems to be asking if we need any help. I quickly shack my head, this was our problem and I didn't want her getting hurt by getting involved. No one hurts Marlene on my watch. Even worse, she might bring Lily and Mary into this who are both muggle-born, and they would be in much more danger than us. I turn to the rest back to my friends."It seems that us failing to greet them isn't what we did wrong. Do you have any ideas about why they are mad?" I sayWormtail says "they might have discovered a spell to swap their bodies with ours, as it's the only thing that can make them look remotely decent."This time Mulciber replies raising his wand "Right as if we would ever want to look like an ugly peasant like yourself."Padfoot and I both draw are wands, I am furious that he would try and hex Wormtail for a simple insult. Together we say "Don't you dare."Moony then dangerously calm says "Put your wand away Mulciber, some of your friends may be stupid enough *looking at Crabbe and Goyle* but you certainly aren't stupid enough to try and hex us with all these witnesses. You would clearly be at fault and would end up the worse for wear."Mulciber slowly lowers his wand but then snarls "This is a warning, stay out of our way this year or else we will hurt you and every single one of your friends. He is getting stronger outside, his influence is growing and with our parent's influence, we can't be expelled. We are unstoppable, our numbers are growing, you don't have the numbers to stand up to us. So just stay out of our way."I full-on glare at Mulciber and then say very loudly "Don't forget who you are talking to. We are the Marauders, and we're not scared of anyone. So if you continue to use dark magic and hurting muggle-borns, than we will get in your way every single time. Trust me, you don't want to fuck with the marauders. We may not be able to get you expelled but we can put you in the hospital wing for the rest of your time at Hogwarts. If you think about ambushing or attacking us remember, who you are dealing with. Your dealing with the students who get top grades in their year, the students who have pulled off numerous impossible pranks, several pranks that have humiliated you and your entire house, and the group of students that know the school better than the back of their hands. So, if a situation arises where you think you have us cornered, then really you don't. We're there because we want to be there and we want to be ambushed. We won't be the ones coming off worse." When I finish, with all the students' eyes on us, we push past the Slytherins, I make sure to ram Mulciber with my shoulder and we head towards the Gryffindor table. I make sure to show no fear on my face, but I can't help but be terrified for my friends. Mulciber seemed serious about hurting every single one of our friends. That could include the girls. We can only protect so many people. This just got a whole lot more complicated. We take our rightful seats next to the girls, who look shocked, impressed, and in Lily's case disapproval. I roll my eyes and look at my friends. Moony is calm but has a fierce look in his eyes. Padfoot doesn't seem to be bothered by the interaction. Wormtail however, looks absolutely terrified. I whisper to them "the sorting is going to start soon we better get ready." Just then Minnie or Professor McGonagall walks in with a stream of terrified first years.I look at Padfoot and say "aren't those the two first years we helped out on the train pointing to the two familiar-looking girls."Sirius smiles and says "I think it is."It is time for our prank so I look over a Moony and hold up my fingers 3, 2, 1. Moony and I begin to mutter spells working on breaking the enchantments that creates the magical sky above the great hall. When we've broken it, we've got to continue the spells otherwise we think the enchantments will return. Padfoot then begins the projections right as the sorting hat begins his song. The hat begins"I've done this job for centuries, the sorted student's into houses based on their head, I take in their various skills and talents, for I am the famous sorting hat.The story begins long ago when four great wizards had the idea to come together and teach young wizards how to use their magic.They were best of friends, as there was no one closer than Gryffindor and Slytherin, except maybe the other two Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw.Not long after the school opens, differences arise. Gryffindor wants to teach only the brave of heart. Ravenclaw wants to teach only those who are wise and sharp of mind. Slytherin wanted to only teach those pure of blood. Hufflepuff said she would teach all of them and treat them all the same.Soon after an argument between Gryffindor and Slytherin resulted in Slytherin fleeing the castle. Gryffindor decided to take his hat off his head and give it the power to sort students long after they were gone.I've sorted the great, I've sorted the weak and everything in between, so put me on and I will tell you, which house you should be in.You may be in Gryffindor where the brave of heart dwell, you show daring, nerve, and chivalry which sets you apart from the rest.You might be in Hufflepuff, where the loyal and honest reside, those in Hufflepuffs are true at heart and unafraid of turmoil.You might be in Ravenclaw if you have an intelligent mind, those in Ravenclaw being sharp of wit and understanding, always willing to learn.Or You might be in Slytherin, if you have a cunning mind, those in Slytherins, are ambitious and make real friends, who always achieve their ends."With every line the hat sang, Padfoot would conjure images to match them. I spared a quick look around and everyone was transfixed by it. As the song finished, four creatures appeared in the sky. A lion, a badger, a snake, and an eagle.Professor McGonagall then called up the first name "Abbott, Damian"A young boy with cocoa skin, auburn hair, and brown eyes walks up to the hat rather calmly.The hat deliberates for a few seconds before calling out "Hufflepuff" and shock begins around the great hall as the sound of a badger reverberates around the hall from the mouth of the badger apparition. The sorting continues with each time a house is decided, the animal apparition of each house would make its signature call. As the sorting finishes, McGonagall walks over to us and tells us "detention boys tomorrow my office right after dinner."Dumbledore then walks up to his podium and says "Welcome back everyone to Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. I know you must be all hungry from the long train ride and sorting, so without further ado dig in."Lily's POVThe plates in front of us change to reveal a delicious feast, with every type of food anyone could want. I begin to fill up my plate and listen to the conversations around me."That was such an amazing prank guys, how do you come up with these ideas?" Mary asks"It was all Moony's idea this time." Sirius says while Potter pats his back affectionately."Did you guys plan that on the train?" Dorcas asks"Course, it doesn't take that long. Besides, we are naturally gifted and amazing" Sirius says.I can't help but laugh neither can the girls. The confidence these boys have is amazing. This is the type of prank I don't actually mind. It didn't hurt anyone and the magic was rather impressive. I turn to Potter who seems to still be muttering, confused I look at Remus questioningly."We are muttering the counter spell to the spell we used in case it didn't completely wear off." Remus explains."How did you know how to do that?" I ask rather curiously because it seems very surprising that four sixth years can do such a thing.Remus laughs and says "Remember the book James was reading on the train, well in the book there was a spell that paired along with a couple of spells would fit our need. However, it took both James and I working together and keeping the spells going throughout the whole sorting."I can't help but smile and start to wonder just how much the four of them prepare for their pranks and how much they learn from their pranks. Shaking my head to clear my thoughts I say "You really have dedication, bravo."Potter stops muttering and then turns to Marlene and Dorcas, "Guess who the new Slytherin and Hufflepuff Quidditch captains are!"They both look at him expectantly and he says "Lucinda Talkalot and Edgar Bones." I know Edgar through Thomas and can't help but think he'll be a great captain."So we've got some competition." Dorcas saysAnd the three of them begin a long conversation about Quidditch, Peter, and Sirius seem to be talking about the food. I turn to Mary and begin to talk about her latest drawings.Timeskip to Dumbledore's SpeechDumbledore steps up to the Podium,"I would like to make a few announcements before you go and have your well-deserved rest. First of all, the school will have a group of Aurors surrounding the castle for everyone's protection. Second, the new DADA professor will be Beverly Wyatt."She was a small woman standing at about 5' 0" tall, she has pale skin and has an angry feel about her. She has a round face with a cleft chin, a large nose, small ears, and thin lips. Her brown eyes are narrow, and she has neat eyebrows. She has shoulder-length, wavy, mousey brown hair which is swept back. She wears light eyeliner, foundation, dark lipstick, and natural-colored blush. She has strong arms, a strong torso with a narrow waist, and toned legs. She stands and gives a small wave as most of the students including me applaud."The new ancient runes and ancient studies professor is professor Bathsheba Babbling."She is average height about 5' 4" tall, she has orange skin and has a determined feel about her. She has a square face, a well-formed nose, and very thin lips. Her green eyes are round and she has thick eyebrows. She has blonde hair. She wears natural-colored blush, natural-colored lipstick, garish eyeliner, glittery eyeshadow, and a slightly off-colored foundation. She has long arms, a lean torso with no muscle tone, and weak legs. She offers the students a wide grin and smiles. Mary is clapping particularly loud."Third, the Forbidden Forest is out of bounds to all students." He says that last part well looking at the marauders. Who all have wide grins on their faces. The audacity, however, looking at Dumbledore he has a twinkle in his eyes."Lastly, this school will be hosting a very special event this year. This year Hogwarts will be hosting the Triwizard Tournament." There is muttering starting up, I myself am thinking back to what I read about the Triwizard tournament. It is a tournament that has resulted in so many deaths. I can't believe Dumbledore would risk bringing it back.I listen again as Dumbledore continues "I will explain the Triwizard Tournament to those of you who don't know what it is and for those of you who do know about it, please be patient. The Triwizard Tournament was established seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools, Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. They used to happen every five years and established connections between wizards of different nationalities. That was until the danger became too great and so the tournament was discontinued. We will be bringing it back this year, and the heads of our department of international magic co-operation and magical games and sports have worked tirelessly to protect the champions. The other schools will be here at Halloween and the champions will be selected then.It will definitely be interesting to meet the other schools. Since I have never actually met a wizard my age who doesn't attend Hogwarts. He continues "An impartial judge will choose the champions and the winner of the tournament will get a thousand galleon personal prize money and the glory of winning the tournament. This year any student who is 15 or younger will not be allowed, because we feel that it will increase the overall safety of the champions. This is because it is highly unlikely anyone below sixth or seventh year will be able to cope with the challenges. I will personally be ensuring that no one hoodwinks the impartial judge."His eyes flitting to some of the younger students. I can't help but roll my eyes and think that this is stupid, age restrictions won't protect anyone. He continues "The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be staying with us for the greater part of this year. I know that you will extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they are with us, and will give all your support to the Hogwarts champion. Now it is late, and I know sleep is important, off to bed now." He finishes.I get up and shout to the first years to follow me along with Remus and we make our way towards the Gryffindor common room.So, like the first chapter, if anyone is actually reading this, it is my first fanfiction, so I could really use your feedback, and please comment. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will dieWord count 4875

(Sept 1st, 1976)James POVI am stunned, the Triwizard Tournament, I never thought it would come back. I have read about them, the Tournaments are legendary. The tasks are always entertaining and the champions get to perform magic that no one else ever gets to try. It is a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I can't help but wonder if I should enter. I mean when else will I get the chance to do something like this. As someone who likes adventure and not passing up opportunities, I am not sure if I can pass this up. I am good at magic, I think quickly, I love competition and I can put on a show. I think I would win or at least be a worthy champion. My thoughts wander to the other schools, I wonder what they will be like. Will they have a different education than us? Will the students be friendly or stuck up? Does Durmstrang really teach the Dark arts? Suddenly, I feel a sharp pain in my ribs, and I am ripped away from my daydreams. I look up and see Marlene standing along with the rest of the students, looking at me confused. I realize Dumbledore's speech must be over, and it's time to head to our common room. I get up and make to follow Marlene and the others. Marlene walks a little slower than everyone else, falling into step with me.She asks a little worriedly "Are you okay, you seemed to be lost in thought back there?"I smile hopefully in a reassuring fashion and reply "Course I am, just thinking about the Triwizard Tournament."Marlene who has always been able to read me like a book gives me a look like she knows exactly what I am thinking."What about the Triwizard Tournament?" She asks cautiously. I know I am screwed, I have never been able to lie to her. I wasn't planning on telling anyone that I might enter the Triwizard Tournament. I wanted to first make the decision for myself, rather than having the input of a hundred different people. I wanted it to be my decision, no one else. But this is Marlene, I tell her everything, so I should tell her."Well, it is a unique opportunity to perform magic that otherwise, you wouldn't be allowed to perform. It is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to have a unique experience don't you think." I say slowly, considering it best to go slow."You're right, it would be a unique opportunity and it might be lots of fun but it also might not be. Either way, it will take a lot of studying won't it?" Marlene asks, in a way that suggests she thinks it is not worth all the work because there is no promise of fun."Depends who you are and how much you know but I see your point. Who do you think will enter?" I askShe stays silent for a few minutes before answering "From Ravenclaw, Worton Davis, he'll do anything for a little glory. Pandora probably as well, she will see it as a unique opportunity. From Hufflepuff, Alex Traore, like Worton he is trying to make a name for himself. Ruby Field will enter as well, smart girl, she would be a good champion. From Slytherin, Alexander Webb, he's a good option, ambitious, clever but he is rather temperamental. Elizabeth Ekholm also, she loves the attention and wants to be popular. Finally, from Gryffindor Shirley Bell, who is a badass and very athletic and smart. Of course, there will also be you, who screams champion but still."I stare surprised that she said it so quickly but reply anyways "You already figured it out, not surprising, you know me. Can I ask your honest opinion?"She pauses weighing her words with care and then replies "I think, you know the dangers involved, but you also know what kind of opportunity this is. I think you are smart, daring, bold, and are strong enough to be a worthy threat in the tournament. I think if you enter, you'll be one of the few in it for the experience instead of the money and glory, which will make you an even better candidate. I think because I know you as I do, if you put your name in the Goblet of fire you will be chosen."I nod grateful that she didn't say whether I should or shouldn't enter. "I am still making up my mind, nothing is definite yet. I still want to read a little more about the tournament before I make up my mind."She smiles and says "As long as your sure, I will have your back. But when you do make up your mind you will let me know right?"I nod and say "Of course you will be the first to know. Do you mind not sharing this with the others? I want to think about it without the others forcing their opinions on me.""Of course, no problem." She says. We walk the remaining distance in silence, both lost in our own thoughts. We reach the portrait of the fat lady who guards the entrance to the Gryffindor Common Room. I quickly realize I never asked Moony what the password was. I look over at Marlene hopefully and relax. She looks calm, clearly, she knows the password."Eques," She says and the fat lady smiles and the portrait swings open revealing the Gryffindor common room. I see the familiar room, full of squashy armchairs, tables, and a bulletin board. There are bookcases with various novels and stories. Everything decorated with different shades of red. The walls are decorated with scarlet tapestries that depict various important people and animals.There is a large fireplace with a roaring fire already going. The mantle of the fireplace has a portrait of a lion. The fireplace is connected to the Floo Network but it is extremely public except at night. I see all of our friends sitting in the best armchairs by the fire. We walk over, I take the seat in between Alice and Padfoot, while Marlene walks over and sits next to Lily.Lily's POVAfter leading the first years through the corridors and to Gryffindor tower, Remus and I go over the rules and explain how they get into the Gryffindor common room. We reach the portrait of the fat lady."Eques," I say, it is the Latin word for knight and the password to get into the Gryffindor common room."Boys dormitory is to the left, Girls dormitory to the right. Look for the door with the number 1 on it. Boys aren't allowed up the girls' staircase, there are enchantments placed on it. I explain calmly.A young boy with brown hair and blue eyes asks very confusedly "What happens if a boy tries to go up the girls' staircase."Remus answers "Eric, it will just turn into a slide and prevent you from walking up the stairs, nothing else.Eric smiles gratefully at Remus, looking interested, and says "thank you, sir."I can tell Remus is surprised by the sir but also pleased. I roll my eyes and say with authority"Okay, Boys follow Remus he will take you to your dorms, Girls follow me."I take the little first-year girls upstairs and show them their room. As they enter they all gasp in surprise and look around amazed. One of the girls, a girl who is tiny with fair skin, grey hair, and brown eyes asks shocked "Is this all for us?"I smile down at her as the rest of the girls head in and say "Yes it is just for you guys, now why don't you go in and make some friends with your dormmates. She smiles happily and heads in leaving me alone in the staircase. I turn around and head back down the stairs. I see everyone but Marlene and Potter sitting in the nice armchairs by the fire. They seem to be talking about the incident with the Slytherins. I take an empty seat and listen to Sirius tell the story."So we were just walking to the great hall, completely innocent and minding our own business." Dorcas snorts, obviously thinking that the Marauders are never innocent.He continues "When we reached the doors to the great hall, we found our way blocked by Mulciber, Avery, Goyle, Crabbe, Sniv Sniv, and Wilkes." Seriously still, I can't believe they call Severus by the stupid nickname they made in the first year."James made a joke obviously to get a reaction hoping that they would move but alas no such luck. After some playful banter, Mulciber raised his wand to hex Peter and that is when things turned serious." Sirius says, that's no surprise I think to myself, Mulciber enjoys hurting people so it's not surprising that he tried to hex Peter."Remus playing peacemaker convinced Mulciber to lower his wand. But then Mulciber made a big speech about how Voldemort *Cue collective shudder* is growing stronger outside, and how their numbers are growing inside the castle. He also said that if we don't stay out of their way, they will hurt us." Sirius finishes rolling his eyes. It's surprising that he can act so calmly about a death threat. But I notice the story doesn't feel finished. I have a bad feeling about what happened next.Mary who seems to sense the same thing I did. She asks "Is that all? How'd you respond to the threat?"Sirius pauses as if considering how much to say. He then says "Well, James took care of that. He responded to the threat, with his own threat, warning him of the danger of getting on the bad side of the marauders. He pretty much told them to take their best shot, because we will be ready and that if they do attack us, they will come off much worse."I am shocked. How the fuck could Potter have been so stupid, threatening the future death eaters, telling them to take their best shot at the marauders, does he want to be hurt. Looking at Dorcas and Mary they seem just as surprised although slightly less worried. I look over at Alice and she looks rather calm almost like she expected it to happen.She then says "That is not surprising, I mean that is exactly what he would say.""True, plus if they were threatening you, if I was being threatened I would probably do the same," Dorcas says"If you guys are prepared then I don't think it was that bad." Mary saysI'm furious, how can they support such an idiotic decision. I mean are they crazy. They are already in danger and they are just asking for more. Taunting the future death eaters will only anger them and it will cause them to act worse. Why can't everyone play nice?"Are you guys kidding, why the fuck would you guys threaten them, it will only make things worse. Besides, Potter literally welcomed an attack, do you guys like getting hurt or something? Remus, I thought you were smarter than that, and that you had better control over your mates!" I splutter with my temper rising"I thought you were smarter than that Princess, but clearly you are an idiot." I turn and see Potter sitting between Alice and Sirius, while Marlene sits next to me."Are you fucking kidding me, please explain to me how the fuck you think that threatening future death eaters was a good idea!" I shout, my temper reaching its peak, no one and I mean no one calls me stupid, especially not when they are being an idiot.Potter looks calmly at Sirius and Remus as if to say do you want to take this one. After a few seconds of silent arguing, Remus speaks up completely calm."Lily, you know that they are going to attack students, specifically muggle-borns right?" I nod my head wondering where this is going."Now if we didn't make the threat, who would they have focused their efforts on?" Remus continues. How am I suppose to know this, how is anyone suppose to know this? Is he pulling my leg or something? Why would their threat change things? I suddenly hear an intake of breath and see understanding on Dorcas's face. With my temper already on high alert I can't help but scream internally, what am I not getting."I don't know, what do you expect me to do, read their minds?" I say sarcastically.Sirius replies evenly "No, that is the whole idea, anyone could have been the target of their worst ideas." What, why'd they ask the question then, I'm seriously confused with what is going on. Are they stalling or pulling my leg? I look over and see Alice and Marlene both have comprehension written on their faces. I look over and see Mary just as confused as I am and I relax a bit because I hate it when I am the last one to get something."Then, what's the point," I ask much calmer this time."Well, you see their prime target used to be unknown, but don't you see after our threat the main target is us. By threatening them and asking them to do their worst, and calling them out in front of an audience, leaves them no choice but to go after us" Sirius answers with a small smile on his face.Holy fuck, I say to myself, I finally understand what they are saying, but still what they did was incredibly risky and will get them hurt. Do they have a death wish or something? How could Potter, the leader, let them do such a thing. Does he not care about his friends' suffering or something? Why would they want to be the targets?"Isn't it a little dangerous making yourselves the main targets? Aren't you afraid one of you is going to get hurt? Why are you so desperate to be attacked? Do you need excitement or something?" I ask"Your highness, we know it is completely dangerous making ourselves the main targets and we know there's a risk of one of us being hurt. But trust us, we are much and I mean much more equipped to deal with dangerous situations than you think. We've been dealing with it for years. Besides, if their attention wasn't focused on us they would be focusing on poor innocent muggle-born students who could be seriously hurt. Worse, out of fear, their numbers would grow astronomically. By standing up to them, we protect innocent muggle-borns and show that there are people willing to stand up against the future death eaters and to lower the general fear. If one of us gets hurt in the process then it is worth it." Potter proclaimsSirius, Remus, and Peter nodding their heads in unison. Marlene, Dorcas, and Alice all seemed to have understood that from the very beginning as they offer smiles to the Marauders. Mary has an inquisitive look on her face. I wonder what she is thinking. I mean she got attacked last year, so I think she is probably happy that there is someone out there who is going to publicly defend muggle-borns with wands drawn. I may not be for this whole plan as it's dangerous, stupid, impulsive, risky, and makes them all seem expendable, but I can't help but admire them, they have always been brave, and what they did was a true Gryffindor move."I remember every second of being attacked," Mary suddenly begins "I have nightmares every week about being attacked by Mulciber and Avery."She pauses as if she is trying to clear her head. I feel horrible and proud that she is sharing this, I remember when she first told us, she couldn't stop crying and she was in the hospital wing for weeks. She continues slowly "When I walk through the halls I am constantly looking over my shoulder, worried that I am going to be attacked. I wake up struggling to breathe, my body writhing with the imaginary pain, having to go through the same attack over and over again. So, the idea that you guys are willing to help muggle-borns and protect them from future attacks is honestly amazing of you guys." As she finishes, she smiles at each of the marauders.I smile inwardly, it is great that she is able to talk about this, although what she says still worries me, she said she was getting better but what she says doesn't match that. I will have to talk to her later this week and keep a close eye on her to make sure she is okay."That's why we're doing this Lily, there will be more stories like hers if we don't do something. You don't need to worry about us, we are more prepared than you think. Dealing with future death eaters isn't the most dangerous thing we do so don't worry about it." Potter whispers.I'm surprised by this, Potter never uses my real name unless he's serious, I look over to reply but Sirius is already engaging him in a conversation. I can't help but replay what he says, what could he do that's more dangerous than being attacked. Also, what did he mean about being more prepared than I know? What could he have that I don't know. Suddenly, a voice breaks me from my thoughts."So, the Triwizard Tournament, what's your opinion on it?" Dorcas asks.I knew we would reach this topic at some point, I wonder what is everyone's opinion on it. I am certainly against it, but I'm interested in hearing what the others think."I am all for it, I think it will be interesting to see the champions perform the different tasks. Although, I would never enter, too much pressure." Mary says"I'm with Mary, it will be so cool to watch. If there wasn't so much studying involved, I would enter." Sirius answers"I don't know, it sounds dangerous," Alice says, Thank god there is someone else who agrees with me. "But I think having the chance to meet the other wizarding schools is fascinating." Alice continues."Yeah, I mean they could know magic that we have never learned at Hogwarts. We can meet new friends, find out the differences between our schools. These connections could be useful down the road when we are looking for a job." Remus adds."I don't know about the new schools, isn't Durmstrang the school that teaches its students the dark arts. Isn't it where Grindlewald came from. Peter says while shivering."I am sure they aren't that bad Peter, or the school wouldn't have remained open all these years. You can't judge a school by one student." I say, hopefully reassuringly. I definitely want to meet the members of the new schools, as it will be a chance to learn more about the magical world outside of Britain."Plus, Peter think, there will be new foods most likely from their home countries made in order to make them feel more at home." Dorcas smiles at him and he smiles back."Think of all the parties that will be thrown if the champion is a Gryffindor. There will be one the night they are chosen, one after each task. That's at least four huge ones." Marlene squeals excitedly, sending a pointed look in Potter's direction. Why is she looking at Potter, he's probably the one responsible for throwing the parties. That has to be right, he wouldn't be impulsive enough to enter. Would he?"I forgot about that good call Marlene, we better hope it is a Gryffindor then, because I certainly want four days of drinking, partying, and just having a good time." Sirius says.I decide it's time for me to raise my concerns so I say "Isn't it a little dangerous? I mean it was canceled because the death toll was too high. They shouldn't be bringing it back.""Didn't you hear Dumbledore, they are adding extra precautions this year designed to protect the champions. I'm sure it will be a lot safer." Dorcas replies.I can't help but roll my eyes, all we've heard so far is that there is an age limit in place. "That doesn't mean it's going to be safe, the only change we've heard so far is the addition of an age limit. Besides, who would want to enter, its knowingly putting yourself in danger." I say"There are very many reasons for someone to enter the tournament. There is the prize money for one thing. Second, there is the glory of winning the tournament which not only is a great accomplishment to have, it will also instantly make whoever wins extremely popular in and outside of Hogwarts." Potter explainsMoney and Glory sounds like a great exchange for risking my life, and in the end, there is no guarantee. Who would be egotistical enough to do such a thing I think to myself. "So you are saying only desperate people and people who are arrogant and self-centered will enter the tournament?" I scoffPotter who is clearly getting frustrated says "I said there are very many reasons for someone to enter the Triwizard tournament, and I gave two examples. If you want more than you are going to have to shut up for more than 30 seconds princess." He pauses as if he's waiting for me to interrupt him, the arrogant prat don't rise, don't rise to his taunt, don't rise. He then continues "the main reason I think is the fact that this tournament is unique, a once in a lifetime opportunity. Think about it, when else would a champion get to fight a dragon, or deal with various magical plants, or learn and use spells in such a special way. For someone who loves adventure, loves to learn, and who never likes to pass up an opportunity would be greatly interested in participating in the Triwizard tournament." He finishes.I think on this, Potter seemed to have just described himself as the perfect candidate. He is someone who loves to learn, loves adventure, doesn't like to pass up an opportunity and he has already shown tonight that he isn't afraid of a little danger. He is definitely considering entering the tournament. Looking at Marlene, she definitely knows, Potter probably told her, the marauders along with Alice also look like they understood what Potter was implying. I can't believe he would be stupid and impulsive enough to consider such a thing. I know how to prove it though, I just have to get him mad."Even with that third reason, anyone who enters the Triwizard tournament is an arrogant, narcissistic, vain, adrenaline junkie. If they get hurt and die it is their own fault, and I don't think I would feel too bad about it." I say disgustedly, exaggerating my true feelings in order to get Potter to admit he is entering. I look at him and see I may have gone too far, and I am starting to regret my word choice."Hey Padfoot, I think that's the closest Princess has ever come to complimenting me, don't you think." He says with a fake grin on his face."Well, I think that's cause she didn't know you were entering otherwise she would have been much harsher Prongs," Sirius says laughing. I am shocked, he admitted to participating in the Triwizard Tournament, but the marauders weren't surprised or mad, it's like they expected it.Alice, on the other hand, seems hurt and says with her big round eyes "James, you are actually considering entering, it is a dangerous tournament, you could get hurt." Yes, go Alice help me convince him it is a bad idea.Dorcas adds "Are you sure about it? I'm not going to tell you if it is a good or bad idea, I just want to make sure you are going to think it through properly." That's kinda helpful but not really what you should be doing Dorcas. Convince him not to do something so stupid, come on, be your blunt self."I am going to think about it very carefully, I know there are risks involved. But like I said before, sometimes the opportunity outweighs the risks. And my conclusion might be that in this case, it is true." He answers sincerely.I start to prepare myself for an argument, it is better to say it while he is still deciding and deal with the consequences later. "Potter, we both know you already take enough risks, how about this time you deflate your head and chose the safe option just this once." I pleadHis face hardens slightly and says "This has nothing to do with glory or money, I think that the chance to use and learn new magic in this tournament may be too great to pass up. This is a chance to grow, to improve my reactions and my problem-solving skills. Just because you don't see the value in something doesn't mean it's useless. Like for fucksakes, not everyone has to agree with you Princess, maybe if you got off your high horse and remove the stick from up your ass, you would learn that not everyone has to agree with you." Wait wait wait, he did not just say that to me. No fucking way, I am not on a high horse, just because I am trying to change his mind about entering a dangerous tournament does not mean I am stuck up or have to be right. I just am right in this situation. There's no reason he should be risking his life in this tournament.Before I can make any sort of reply, He continues "I didn't even want to tell all of you, because I wanted it to be my own decision, but you goaded me into telling you. Why can't you be a little like the rest of them? Alice raised her concerns but didn't press me, neither did Dorcas. The marauders and Marlene will support any decision I make, but no you have to attack me like I am some sort of criminal."Oh so just because the rest of the group is too scared, to tell the truth, that you being an idiot I am the bad guy. Well, you know what I am not going to stand for this.*Picture the rest of the common room's eyes flicking back and forth like at a tennis match*I shout"Shut the fuck up Potter, just because I am the only member of this group, not scared to tell you the truth does not make me the bad one. Right now you and your big head and ego are being such a fucking asshole and causing you to think like an idiot."I can see him getting angrier, good. I continue "The Triwizard Tournament is an unnecessary risk, that will only cause your friends, not me, unnecessary worry. You are being your usual selfish prat by entering this tournament thinking about no one but yourself. I wonder why anyone is even friends with you."I may have gone too far but he deserved it."Lily" Marlene says softly indicating that I am in the wrong. I turn and glare at her, "I am not wrong he is going to get himself hurt." I shout.This seems to be the point where Potter loses it, he stands up, his eyes flashing dangerously, and shouts back "One never talk to Marlene like that, ever! Two, this isn't something where you can be right or wrong, it is just my choice, Princess. Third, If I get hurt, it's my choice."He is going to continue, but I interrupt shouting "You are going to get hurt don't you care.""You know nothing about me Princess quit talking to me like you know me, you haven't bothered to learn a single thing about me in all these years. You have no idea about the danger I regularly put myself in. I am not afraid of getting hurt." He shouts.I look at his face and I can see genuinely hurt and raw emotion in his eyes. But he's wrong I know him, and I know he is going to get hurt, I think he knows it too. I can't understand why he doesn't care. But I'm way past subtlety "Potter, your forgetting I'm in most of your classes, I have seen you in and out of the hospital wing, more times than most people in this room combined. When you are hurt you don't see the pain you are causing those around you. Don't you see, when your hurt or in pain, it affects everyone around you. It affects your friends, your family, but you don't seem to care." I nearly scream."Evans don't you ever say I don't care about my friends and family because I will do anything in this world for them. And don't try talking about things you don't understand. You don't know why or what caused those injuries and you never bothered to learn, so you don't get to bring them up. He says while drawing his wand before continuing, "and don't even pretend you care about me, you never have in the past and you clearly don't now, so don't try pretending. For years, you have told me just how little you care about me. Just be happy its not someone who you care about getting hurt during the Tournament."How could he say I would ever want to see anyone get hurt. Sure I don't like the guy, but I don't want to watch him get cut or burned. But I'm way past reason. So, I shout with as much venom and disinterest as possible"Huh you make a good point. I guess I should focus on making sure those I actually care about don't participate in the Tournament. I mean maybe the tournament can hurt you bad enough that you'll actually deflate your head and become a regular human being.""You know what, I'll make sure to get you a Beauxbatons banner so you can support a different champion. And when I'm bleeding, bloodied, and broken like you just wished for, don't bother visiting me, you won't be wanted. Just promise me one thing, if I die please don't come to my funeral, I wouldn't really want such a bitch there. But don't worry I'll make sure Sirius puts on my gravestone, Lily Evans was right." He finishes, well turning and walking up the stairs to his dormitory. I feel a little bad because I never meant to go that far, the argument just went too far. Instead of turning and facing our friends, I march up to the girl's staircase furiously.James POVI hear the other Marauders join me in the dormitory, without hesitating Sirius tackles me in a giant hug. I hug him back gratefully. I will never admit it to anyone outside of this room but that really hurt. I smile Padfoot always has my back and this was what I needed."You know you are not completely innocent in that, but I know you know that. Despite that, you didn't deserve any of that. You know that you are the best friend ever right. We will support you no matter what you decide. Marlene, Alice, Dorcas, and Mary as well." Remus says offering me a reassuring hug. I laugh and look at Remus gratefully, he didn't hold back, didn't say I was innocent, but told me the truth and I needed that."Yeah Prongs, everyone has got your back. You know most of the school will have your back. I know Evans is a special case to you, and you don't have much choice in it, but just do your best to ignore it. She doesn't know about anything she brought up, otherwise, she wouldn't have said those things." Wormtail says before tossing me a chocolate frog. I grin a Wormtail, ripping open the packaging. Chocolate always makes people feel better."I also should add, that she didn't mean all of that even a blind person can see that. Just ignore it mate. We all know it's untrue. Now, when were you gonna tell us about entering?" Sirius asks"Tonight, once it was just us, I didn't really want to get lectured or have a scene like that." I say honestly. I really just wanted to avoid a scene, but I was obviously going to tell the Marauders, I tell them everything.I see Wormtail passing chocolate frogs to the others before taking one himself. I look at the scene and smile my anger and sadness gone, looking at my three best friends, my brothers, and know there is nowhere I would rather be.Yes, the fight was absolutely ridiculous and over-emotional, but that was the idea, James and Lily know how to push the others button perfectly, worsening their arguments. Please comment, and give some feedback this is my first fanfic. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will dieword count 5501

(Sept. 2nd 1976)James POVI am the first one to wake up, right as the sun rises, and I put on my workout clothes. I have to stay in shape for quidditch, Dumbledore didn't say whether quidditch would be canceled. I leave the room and head for the entrance doors. Once I am outside the castle I begin to run, taking a wide lap around the forbidden forest. In my head, I can't help but recall the events of the previous night. Why did I have to get into a fight and piss off so many people? I mean on a normal day I expect nothing less than insults and threats, but I really didn't need the argument with Lily. What is worse is that Alice knows I am thinking about entering the Triwizard Tournament. She will not hesitate to hound me until I agree to not enter. She can be really convincing when she wants to. I think my best option would be to avoid the subject as much as possible, then she might forget about it and leave me alone. After about an hour of running, I go to the quidditch pitch and head into the locker room. I grab a couple of dumbells and head out to the pitch. It is a rather muggle type of workout but it makes me stronger, so I don't really care what others think about it. I do different exercises with weights, occasionally pausing for water and rest. I have about thirty minutes until I have to head back. I move into exercises without weights, push-ups, sit-ups, planking, etc. At around 8 am, I head back to the dorm, passing a few kids I recognize. I stop when I see Mason Mclaggen, a fifth-year chaser on the Gryffindor team."Hey captain, still doing the morning workout I see. Any idea if quidditch is still going on this year?" He asks"No idea Mason, but Dumbledore did not mention whether it would be canceled or not in his speech last night. I plan on asking Minnie about it when I get the chance." I say."You'll let me know once you know?" Mason asks"Course, but you still better be ready for preseason training, I plan to start the second week of school, with just the team members. If you see wood, let him know for me will you?" I say. The preseason workout was something I started last year as it was my first year as captain. We ended up winning the whole thing, so I am definitely planning to repeat it."We are doing that again, shit! I'll let Wood know, see you cap." He groans, running off to join his friends. I reach the common room, and then up to our dorm room. I see that Remus is packing his bag, Peter is still asleep and Sirius is in the shower. I grab my shower things and take a quick shower. Afterward, I quickly and messily throw on my robes and grab my bag."Padfoot come on we're going to be late, stop playing with your hair." Moony callsWe as a group then head down to breakfast at about 8:15 leaving us 45 minutes to eat and to grab our schedules. We arrive at the great hall and we are some of the last ones there.I take my seat next to Marlene and begin to pile toast on my plate. I turn to Marlene and Dorcas and say "I already spoke to Mason but I'm letting you guys know now that assuming quidditch isn't canceled, which I am going to ask Minnie about today, then we're going to start our preseason workout, next Friday." I say, hoping they don't complain too much, knowing that the workouts are hard."Again, seriously, I thought we were done with them, it is so much work" Marlene complains."Thank god, it gave us such an edge last year." Dorcas says happily. I am happy at least someone appreciates my workout routines. I am looking around for Frank because I still need to talk to him about Quidditch. Then I realize Alice is there.I look at Alice knowing she has a huge crush on Frank and I realize that if anyone knows where Frank is, it would probably be Alice. I ask her "Alice, do you happen to know where Frank is?""Yeah, he's sitting down at the end of the bench next to Caderac, Shirley, and Madison." Alice replies automatically. I smile gratefully at Alice while she has a rather starry-eyed look and then I look over and see she is telling the truth."I bet you five galleons that Frank complains about having to do preseason training." Marlene says, I laugh to myself, Frank is one of the hardest workers on the team, there is no way he is going to complain."You are on," I sayI walk over to Frank and say "Hey, Frank congrats on you know on Head boy, you deserve it. Do you know anything about Quidditch? Is it still happening?"Thanks, James. I haven't heard anything on Quidditch being canceled, so I can only assume it is still happening." He says reassuringly. That is a good sign if Frank hasn't heard anything."I know you are going to be busier than the rest of us, so, there is a bit of leeway for you. I'm planning to start the pre-season training next Friday, it will be about the same amount of work as last year, three or four times a week. However, you do not need to worry, if you have to skip any of the sessions go ahead, just give me a heads up okay." I say I know Frank has it hard being Head Boy and being on the Quidditch team so I don't want to add to his stress too much."Thanks, I know it is going to be busy, but your sessions really helped me out last year, so I don't want to miss too many." He says grinning.I grin, "At least someone appreciates my hard work, Marlene and Mason were both complaining earlier." Frank rolls his eyes at that. I give him a quick bro hug before heading back over to my friends."Well that's five Galleons Marly, He said and I am quoting here your sessions really helped me out last year." I say while sticking out my tongue.She glares back before fishing out the gold from her pocket and holding it out to me. I roll my eyes, I really don't need the gold, it was more just proving a point. Instead of taking the gold, I say "Marlene it's fine, butterbeer is on you next time we are at the three broomsticks together.""Deal!" she says just as Minnie walks down from her seat at the teacher's table. She has to give each of us our schedules individually. Just as he notices her heading in our direction, Padfoot says "Minnie, I'm so glad to see you, it has been too long since we have spent any time together. I am really looking forward to our detention."I laugh at the expression on Minnie's face which is halfway between outrage and amusement. Sirius and I are the only ones that can cause such a reaction, from the stern Professor.She replies "I have told you several times already not to call me Minnie. I should award you a second detention, but since it is so early I will give you a pass. Now it is time to give all of you your classes, and no interruptions." She says giving, Sirius and I particularly hard looks.Sirius was up first, after a quick conversation with Professor McGonagall, he is cleared to take Potions, Charms, DADA, Muggle Studies, Transfiguration, and Herbology. He wants to be a hit wizard and piss off his family, so I guess it makes sense.Lily was next, this time it took no time at all, she was cleared to take the same subjects as Sirius except Alchemy instead of Muggle Studies. I think she wants to be a healer so again it makes sense.Alice wants to be an Auror, so I already know the subjects she wants to take. She is taking the same core classes as the other two but also takes Astronomy. I think it is because her father taught her it when she was very young.Remus is taking the same core classes as the others but his elective is Arithmancy. I know he wants to be a teacher but isn't too confident about his job prospects, because he is a werewolf.Mary was next taking Charms, Muggle Art, Ancient Runes, Ancient Studies, History of magic, and Art. I think she wants to either be an artist or an archivist.Marlene was next, I knew she wants to become a professional Quidditch player. I think if she doesn't go for Quidditch, she will want to work for the ministry. She is taking DADA, Charms, Potions, Transfiguration, Ghoul Studies, and Care of magical creatures. She is happy I think to be shot of Herbology.Dorcas is taking DADA, Charms, Transfiguration, Care of magical creatures, Potions, and Music. I know if she could, she would be a musician but that is unlikely, so I think she plans on becoming a monster hunter. Tracking down out of control beasts, that are hurting people.Peter is the last one before me and I know it will take slightly longer than the others. After a rather lengthy conversation between him and Minnie, Peter is cleared to take Divination, Xylomancy, Herbology, Earth magic, Astronomy. I know he wants to be a herbologist.Finally, it was my turn, and I wait as Minnie approaches.She says " you received all O's in your OWLs, I was very pleased when I saw your results. you have requested to take Potions, DADA, Transfiguration, Charms, Herbology, and Magical Theory. I can grant you all those subjects, here is your schedule."I smile I really want to become an Auror and I need to take all those subjects plus magical theory which is my favorite subject. I quickly walk over to Sirius and quickly swap schedules. We have five subjects together, only our breaks and electives don't line up. I quickly check with Marlene and Dorcas we each have four classes together. Peter and I share 1 subject and Mary and I share one subject.My scheduleMonday Potions, DADATuesday Herbology, Potions, CharmsWednesdayThursday Magical TheoryFriday: TransfigurationToday, I only have Magical theory which isn't so bad. I love the professor. It is only a couple of hours anyway. I wave goodbye to my friends and head to the Magical theory class. In the class, only 6 students besides myself ended up taking it. 2 Hufflepuffs, 2 Ravenclaws, and a Slytherin. The Hufflepuffs were Mandy Machada this stupid, stuck-up, Pureblooded girl who is obsessed with me. She has tanned skin, long dark brown hair, and bright blue eyes. Ruby Field is the other, a nice, hardworking, smart, and athletic girl. She is on the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, she has deep-set brown eyes. Her luxurious, wavy, brown hair is worn in a style that reminds you of a cascading waterfall. She is short and has a slender build. Her skin is black. The 2 Ravenclaws are Katie Hunt and Vladimir Watts. Vladimir Watts, I don't know him very well, I just know he is on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team. He has droopy chestnut eyes. He has straight, brown hair is worn in a style that reminds you of a horse's mane. He is tall and has a feminine build. His skin is chocolate-brown. He has prominent cheekbones and small feet. Katie Hunt is smart and rather attractive. She has deep-set chestnut eyes. Her thick, straight, brown hair is medium-length and is worn in a utilitarian, business-like style. She has an athletic build. Her skin is pale. She has hollow cheeks and large feet. The Slytherin Hannah Hanson, I don't know much about her whatsoever, I just know she hangs out with Lucinda. She has deep-set eyes the color of sapphires. Her fine, curly, red hair is short and is worn in an elegant, business-like style. She has an hourglass figure. Her skin is cream-colored. I get there unsure of where I should sit. I notice an empty seat next to the wall and Ruby Field. I decide to take that seat as the little I know about Ruby is that she is a kind and smart girl. "Hey Ruby, your taking Magical Theory to?" I ask casually."Hey, James" Her voice a little higher than I remember, "Yeah, I love the subject, it is so interesting. I mean, I love learning about the formation of Jinx and Hexes. Plus, Professor Neal, is an awesome teacher, she is always encouraging us to do our best." Ruby says, rambling a little bit."Oh my god, I am so sorry, I am rambling a bit aren't I." Ruby says "I just, I become a nerd when it comes to stuff like this."I don't know why she is so nervous, I mean I tend to ramble a bit as well, so I don't mind. I guess I should try and make her more relaxed. I am trying to make a new friend."Hey, I don't mind you should hear me ramble about this subject, my friends go on and on about how much of a nerd I am." I say, happy that she seems more relaxed."Okay, good I was hoping you wouldn't be scared to talk to me. The Triwizard Tournament seems interesting doesn't it, I am surprised they brought it back." She says.I am not surprised she brought it up, it is the topic on everyone's mind. So I answer "yeah it was a real shock, but I think it will be entertaining, and hopefully safer. What subjects did you take this year, I mean besides magical theory." I ask hoping to steer the conversation in a slightly different direction."Charms, Transfiguration, Ancient Runes, Potions, DADA. Pretty much I took everything to become a curse-breaker. How about you? What did someone as smart as you take." She asks giving me a strange look. I think a curse-breaker is awesome. It would be a really cool job."Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, DADA, Herbology. I took what I needed to become an Auror." I say, enthusiastically.She smiles about to reply when the professor walks in and says "Welcome back everyone but it is time to get to work." Professor Neal is a fair-skinned woman who has a particularly nice cologne, and she has a cut on her right hand. She has a narrow face, a broad nose, and angled lips. Her black eyes are round and she has a monobrow. She has knee-length, thick, brown hair and a receding hairline. She wears a complimentary foundation for an immaculate look. She has short arms, a narrow torso with large breasts with a defined waist, and short legs. She doesn't like to teach large classes and she is not one for structure. She is very kind to us and loves when we show independence and her passion and enthusiasm match ours.I smile and settle in as she begins her lecture about the importance of NEWTs.Timeskip to the end of class"Okay, for homework, write a 1 foot 8-inch long essay on the creation or theory of a jinx or hex of your choice."I smile at Ruby and say "Until next time." And give a small bow before leaving the classroom.She blushes and giggles as I leave, with Mandy glaring daggers at her. I wonder what that is about as I head to lunch.Lily's POVI look over my schedule given to me by Professor McGonagallMonday Potions, DADATuesday Herbology, Potions, CharmsWednesdayThursday AlchemyFriday: TransfigurationNot a bad schedule I think to myself. I can't help but smile and wonder what Alchemy class will be like. I don't know the professor, but the subject sounds very interesting. I mean it is a combination of Potions, Charms, and Chemistry. Hogwarts doesn't usually offer it but apparently, there were enough students interested in it for the school to offer it. I go to the library and spend my first 2 hours on a break. We come back for lunch, I eat lunch with nothing special going on. Just Potter talking about his magical theory class and describing his new friend Ruby Field. She is one of Thomas's friends. For me, I am not a big fan of her, but she is nice enough. After lunch, I head to class, I am not one of the first there and look around to see who is already there. Sitting already is Severus Snape, ew, Wilkes again ew, Benjy Fenwick, Emmaline Vance, Greta Catchlove, and my boyfriend Thomas. He is reading a book, looks to be the one from America, with Greta on one side and an empty seat on the other side. Greta is Thomas's friend, she is slightly overweight, she has medium, shoulder-length blonde hair, soft blue eyes. I don't know her very well, but Thomas has introduced us. I walk over to Benjy and Emmeline and say "Hey Benjy, Hey Emmeline, how are things.""Great, things are going really well, I can't wait to start this class." Benjy says"I am surprised they even offered it, it usually isn't." Emmeline adds,I smile and say "True, I jumped at the chance to take this course, I couldn't miss it." I add, quickly taking a peek to see if Thomas has noticed me yet.Emmeline seems to have noticed my action because she says "Go on I'm sure he will be happy to see you, we are okay."I smile and wave goodbye before taking the seat next to Thomas. "Hey Thomas surprised to see me!" I say enthusiastically, smiling when I see his startled expression."Lily! You are taking this class! That's amazing! What do you think it'll be like!" He replies excitedly."Well, I mean, I heard it is a mix between Potions, charms, and chemistry, so it should be interesting." I say conversationally.He seems interested by this and says "Well I'm glad I love all of those subjects. I can't wait for the other wizarding schools to come. I mean Beauxbatons is where Nicolas Flamel came from, so you have to assume they know something about Alchemy."I am not surprised he knows about Nicolas Flamel because he reads just as much as me. "Yeah, I think that will be the only interesting part about the Triwizard Tournament, someone is going to get hurt." I answer"Lily, you remember Dumbledore is one of if not the greatest wizard of all time, him working along with the ministry will make sure it is safe. I mean if we can't trust them, then who can we trust." He replies. Okay, so Thomas has a little more faith in the government than I do, so I am not surprised he is taking this perspective but it's pretty annoying. Why am I the only one who doesn't seem to think it's a great idea?"I just think in the past tournaments there were so many deaths, why bring it back now. It makes no sense. They can't make sure accidents don't happen." I say a little more passionately than I intended."You are right a guess Lily, I am still going to hope and be optimistic, and hope things end up fine." He says placatingly, at least he can see my perspective, I am glad. I begin to pull out my own book. I look over and see Greta is already reading again, guess she wasn't interested in our conversation. I realize I may have been a little aggressive with Thomas and I should probably apologize."Sorry, Thomas, sometimes I get a little passionate about things. I didn't mean to sound aggressive." I say, hoping to make things better.He smiles and looks completely calm, and says "it is okay Lily, I am used to your passion so don't worry, I am not upset. I really just understood your point of view and you did make good points."I am more relaxed now, I didn't upset or scare him, thank god. But sometimes I wonder if he just agrees with me instead of sharing his true feelings. Okay, Lily calm down a bit, you are overthinking things."So, your taking alchemy is that for your future career or interest purpose only?" I ask trying to shift the conversation. "Well, I want to work in the department of muggle relations. I think it's a good combination of my muggle and magic side. I want to use both." He says. I think that would be good, he is always good at fitting in on both sides."Why aren't you taking Muggle studies then?" I ask confused."I checked with Professor Sprout and since I was raised and live in the muggle world outside of school, I don't need to take the course because I know enough. Plus, there is an exam for situations like that which I can take in 7th year, that I can take without taking Muggle studies." He explains.That is actually really surprising, I didn't know that about the ministry but I guess it helps to have a magical parent. I was about to answer when the teacher walks in and with a straight face says "welcome to alchemy." Before starting on a lecture about the importance of NEWTs and the history of alchemy.Timeskip to the end of class"Okay class, that is all we have today, but be prepared, this is how all our other classes are going to be. For homework, I want 2 feet on Nicolas Flamel." He says.I grumble as I get up, this professor, Professor Porter was an absolute bore. He just kept lecturing in a monotonous voice. He has dark-skin and has an unadventurous feel about him. He has an oval face, a well-formed nose, puffy lips, and has dark brown eyes that are triangular. He has bleached white hair, that is short, fine, and worn as a short bob. He has a muscular neck, broad shoulders, and a heavy torso."This is going to be a long year ain't it?" I say to Thomas."Hopefully not, maybe it is his first time teaching. Give him a chance Lily. He says, I think he is probably wrong but I let Thomas have his hope. He gets up along with Greta and they head towards their Common Room,"see you later in the library?" He asks Hopefully."Yeah, right after dinner, we can work on this stupid essay." I say smiling.He smiles one last time before heading off.I get up and head back towards the common room wondering who is going to be there, I hope Marlene, Alice, and Dorcas are there.I enter the common room and see my friends in the center of the room. Remus looks to be reading a textbook on arithmancy, Alice seems to be pretending to be listening to Marlene, Dorcas, and Potter, but really listening to Frank's conversation. Finally, Marlene, Dorcas, and Potter seem to be working on quidditch tactics. They are obsessed with quidditch and spend way too much time on it. I sit down and Alice seemingly breaks from her daydream and asks "how was class?""Gave us a long-ass essay to do and spend the whole class lecturing in his monotonous voice. It is going to be such a long year." I complain."Shame." Alice says,"Yeah that really sucks." Marlene says yawning"You know you could give it a couple of classes." Dorcas says rolling her eyes."We will see I guess." Putting my bag down, pulling out my book, and joining them.Before beginning to read I ask Potter "Did you ask McGonagall about Quidditch yet?""Yes, I did right after lunch, she didn't really give me a straight answer, so I am going to assume there's something. Hence the planning." He explains. That's weird, why wouldn't Professor McGonagall give him an answer. Guess we will see. And I open my book and begin to get lost within its pages.Boring Chapter I know, but also necessary, I needed to give a better idea of who certain characters are and introduce classes. I also wanted to show what regular Hogwarts life was, sort of. This is also all building up to a series of events, so just be patient. If there is anyone actually reading this please comment and give feedback that would be really appreciated. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will dieWord Count 4029

(Sept.4 1976)Lily's POVIt is the weekend, woohoo, I mean I would be more excited except we got this really annoying and long transfiguration essay that I have zero clue how to do. At least I got to sleep in, I mean it looks to be about 9 am right now. I quickly get dressed, I brush my hair, and I put on a bit of make-up. It looks like everyone but Marlene is already awake, so I go over and gently shake her awake. "Come on, everyone is already awake, so you should get up." I say.After, forcing Marlene to wake up, I head down to the great hall and see the rest of my friends sitting and having what seems to be a serious discussion. Everyone in the great hall mind you seems to be on edge, either having serious conversations and reading the daily prophet. As I approach my friends, they immediately stop talking. The paper that is in Alice's hand magically vanishes. I look and see Potter holding his wand out under the table. I know immediately that it is Potter who vanished the paper, I just don't know why he would. I then look at the rest of the group and it seems to have been the groups' idea to vanish the paper. Why the fuck is everyone hiding something from me. It must be something really bad, as they seem to be having a silent debate about who's going to tell me, so I decide to wait patiently and eat my breakfast instead. I grab some porridge and begin to eat. As I am eating I notice Mary for the first time. Her eyes are red and puffy as if she had been crying. She also looks absolutely terrified. I decide to take a look at the rest of the group. All of them have grim looks on their face and the Marauders look absolutely livid. I decide if they aren't going to tell me, then I am going to have to ask."What happened? And don't try and lie to me, I can read your facial expressions, something serious happened.""Dorcas, your up." Potter whispers, I think hoping that I wouldn't hear."Fine. James hand her the copy of the Daily Prophet, it might be easier to explain if she reads it first."He hands me a copy of the Daily Prophet and my mouth drops at the sight of the article.What the fuck, another attack are they fucking kidding me. How am I supposed to have a fucking life when there are so many people like me being hunted down and killed. I, I mean why are muggle-borns so bad, like they make us seem like we are diseased or something. What did we do to deserve this treatment? Worse, they seem to have killed a larger number of muggles this time. It might be my family next. I really don't want everyone's fucking pity. I really do not want anyone's pity so I run away from the table. I just want to be alone. I can't deal with anyone right now. I need somewhere to be alone, I just need to be alone. I think about where to go but I cannot decide. I am subconsciously heading to a place I know will be empty. Without much thought, I end up in the back of the library, in a small alcove that no one seems to know about. Everything seems to become blurry, my mind can't seem to shake the thoughts and names of the dead. Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32. Repeat. Why can't I get their names out of my head? I want to scream but I am physically incapable of doing so. My body begins to tremble, I just, I can't get them out of my head, I can't scream, I can't do anything. Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32. Repeat. I want to move, I want to do anything. I want to cry, I want to scream, I want to fight. I can't. All I can do is sit here, shake, and replay the names in my head. Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32. Repeat. That is so many for just one attack. So many, they're getting stronger, bolder, and less afraid. They only caught two death eaters. Two. And yet Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32 are all dead. They are all dead. THEY ARE ALL FUCKING DEAD! All the ministry can do is come up with 2 fucking culprits. They are so fucking useless. THEY ARE SO FUCKING USELESS. HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSE TO FEEL SAFE IF 12 PEOPLE DIE AND ONLY TWO ARE CAUGHT. I even know their army is going to grow. It is going to get bigger and bigger. Soon they are going to have a fucking army. And the ministry is doing nothing. THE MINISTRY IS DOING ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NOTHING. HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSE TO FEEL SAFE IF THE MINISTRY CAN'T PROTECT A SINGLE ONE OF US. FUCK THEM, FUCK THIS, FUCK THE MAGICAL WORLD. WHY THE FUCK CAN'T I MOVE OR SCREAM OR STOP FUCKING TREMBLING. GET OUT OF MY HEAD. Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32. Repeat. I sit there trembling and shaking for who knows how long. I LOST TRACK OF TIME A LONG TIME AGO. I WANT TO SCREAM, I WANT TO DO ANYTHING. Then, an even worse image popped into my head, my family. What happens if my family is next. Not my parents. What if tomorrow I read the paper and see Azalea Evans 46 and Jefferey Evans 48. I see their dead lifeless bodies, over and over and over and over again. Petunia's picture is added to the list in my mind and everything is that much worse. The shaking and trembling reach its breaking point and I can feel myself losing consciousness. I can't take it anymore, the pressure is becoming all too much. FUCK IT ALL, FUCK THIS, FUCK LIFE, FUCK. With that, I lose consciousness. My dreams filling with visions of the dead and my family being murdered in various fashions. I wish I could wake up scream, pound, and cry everything out, but sadly that is not a fucking option. I am stuck watching my family die, over and over again.Dorcas POVWhere is Lily, we haven't seen her since breakfast after she ran out. It has been nearly 3 hours since then and no one has seen her. Marlene, Alice, Mary (although she is severely shaken from today's events) and I are all looking. After searching, the Library, the castle grounds, potions classroom, and so many other places that Lily happens to like, we are becoming desperate. I look desperately at Marlene and say "We need the Marauders, they might know a place we don't."Marlene seeming to understand nods her head and says "You and I will go find them we are faster, Mary, you and Alice keep searching, you might get lucky.""Sure, sounds good. But, we need to hurry, I am really starting to get worried."We run back to Gryffindor tower and knock on the Marauder's closed door. "Go away, Marauders business is currently going on." Sirius shouts, sounding serious.Really not in the mood for this, I shout "IF YOU SHITS DON'T OPEN UP THE FUCKING DOOR, I AM GOING TO BREAK IT DOWN UNDERSTOOD." They are wasting our fucking time, I really can't deal with their antics right now.Quickly the door opens revealing all four marauders blocking the view into the room. Remus asks "What is the big emergency Dorcas, you shouted like someone's life depended on it."I waste no time and reply immediately, "Lily has been missing for hours now and we can't find her anywhere."Remus and the marauders exchange a quick look before saying, "You will need to excuse us for a few seconds, we can find Lily but it has to be in private, okay."We nod, knowing the marauders like their secrets. They close the door, and we can hear words being whispered. I turn to Marlene and ask "Do you really think they can find her that quickly?"She has a thoughtful look on her face before replying "Course I do, they are probably tracking everyone in one way or another."Now the fact that she says that seriously makes me think because if I'm being honest, they seem like the type of people to do that.They return a few seconds later and James says "She's in the library, Remus will take you, we have got business to take care of." Remus begins to lead us away from their room while the others turn away closing the door."What are you guys up to?" Marlene asks, which is a good question given their behavior.Instead of giving a straight answer Remus turns and says "You will find out soon but right now focus on Lily. She probably isn't in the best state, so we need to be there for her."He tells us to speed up and we are in the library. I'm lost, I thought we searched the whole library already. I find Alice and Mary already there. I got your message, we're here, now where is she. Remus looks completely at ease and motions for us to follow. He leads us to the absolute back of the library and a small alcove. There we find an unconscious Lily."We need to get her to the hospital wing right now!" Alice shouts,but Remus stops her with a raised hand and says "She probably just passed out due to stress, it has happened to me before. Marlene, Mary wake her up gently, being as soft as you possibly can.Marlene and Mary listen to his instructions quickly, and lightly poke and shake Lily to get her up. She wakes up not long after, but she is trembling, and can't seem to do much of anything. I look over at Remus to see he is completely calm. He gently pulls a potion from a previously unknown pocket and hands it to Marlene. "Make sure you don't spill, it is not like we have extra." he instructs quickly.Marlene and Mary help Lily drink the entirety of the potion and she starts to calm down. When the shaking stops, she seems to be able to move again. She immediately falls into Marlene's arms hugging her tightly. Marlene seems to understand that Lily just needs to be held nothing else. I look over at Remus and he seems calm as ever but also really relieved that Lily is okay. He makes a follow-me gesture and leads me away from the group."Remus, where are we going, my friends need me!" I say, Failing to grasp why he is doing such a thing.Remus gently says "Dorcas, you are the most responsible out of our friends, therefore, I am trusting you with these." He pulls out a second small box that contains 6 small vials of what look to be potions.He trusts me, I can't help but smile, he didn't ask for Alice or Mary, he asked me. I can't help but be curious about what potion he is giving, or even better how many potions he and the marauders have. So I ask, "What's in these vials, even more curiously what was the first potion you gave Lily? How many potions do you Marauders have in storage?"Remus looks at me seriously as if considering how much he should really say. I hope he trusts me because I definitely trust him. He starts "Okay Dorcas, I will tell you about as much as I can. So, the first potion I gave Lily was a calming draft, used to calm and relax someone. We marauders keep it on hand in case of emergencies."That explains why Lily calmed down so quickly, and I have respect for the Marauders for being so prepared, they seem to always want to be able to help their friends and I can respect that.Remus continues "These vials are filled with dreamless sleep potions, we gave you as many as we possibly could. We won't have a chance to make more of the potions for a couple of weeks. If you are smart, however, they should last about 6 days for both Mary and Lily."I smile, those vials will really help with their nightmares and could really improve everyone's sleep in our dorm. "Now with your final question, the marauders and I have several potions stored for various circumstances. I can't really talk about the others because it would lead to more questions and we don't have time for that." He finishes.I can't even be upset with him for not telling me because he was straight-forward and honest. I run back over to my friends and find a much calmer but not better Lily. I can't tell what she's thinking but I know she isn't okay. I look at the vials and I know how to help her. I am not the best at being there emotionally, but I can protect her, and I can help her and that's what I am going to do.Lily's POVI look over and see Dorcas heading back with Remus. The potion Remus gave me really helped. I am definitely more relaxed. I am trying my best to get the images and names out of my head but I can't. So instead, I focus on the rage bubbling inside of me. I want justice for them and I want to be someone fighting for it. I want to stand-up for muggle-borns and muggle-born rights. So, I slowly stand up and with Marlene's help start to walk towards Gryffindor Tower. I am still feeling unsteady and dizzy. I still feel like I want to scream, so I ask the others to cast the muffliato charm. Once they do I just scream. I don't stop, I just scream and scream until there is nothing left inside. I motion to them that they can take off the Muffliato charm and we continue to make our way up to Gryffindor tower. Once the portrait hole is open, the girls and I take the nearest seats. Remus however, makes a quick excuse before making his way up the stairs. I would normally wonder what's that about but I choose to ignore it. I look over at Mary and see her red eyes and realized I should have handled it better for her. I scooch a little closer to her and wrap my arms around her."Hey Mar, sorry I wasn't here for you today, I just couldn't take it. I know it was probably just as bad for you as it was for me." I whisper sincerely, I feel terrible, I was a pretty awful friend today. I didn't even think about how bad it could be for Mary. She's muggle-born too.Hugging me back just as tightly, She whispers "You know I don't blame you, Lily, everyone reacts differently."I squeeze her showing her just how much she means to me. She then whispers "I know you don't want to talk about it right now, that's okay. But if you ever and I mean ever need to talk, I am here for you, Lils.""Just like I am here for you Mar, I know the others might not fully understand but I am muggle-born too. I know the world we're in." I whisper. And it is true, I want to make a difference, not just for Mar but for every other muggle-born at Hogwarts and outside the castle.I look over at our friends and they look worriedly at us, but I know it is because they care. We all sit in a comfortable silence until Marlene finally breaks it. "I know we should be focused on the whole attack, but I think we should be concerned about what the marauders are planning. They have been in their room all day and they seemed absolutely enraged by the news. I am worried they might be planning something completely insane."Thinking to myself, what Marlene said is probably true but I think it may be best just to ignore it. I seriously don't want to try controlling them today. Plus, they are enraged about muggle-born killings, why should we be mad. Alice is the first to answer "You might be right but we can't worried about that, it is not our problem, it is theirs. I think we should just ignore it Marls." I send a grateful look at Alice because it really wasn't worth it.Marlene shrugs and we continue to pass the time discussing various things.Timeskip to DinnerStill no sign of the Marauders, apparently, Potter, Peter, and Sirius haven't been seen outside of their rooms since breakfast, which makes me truly believe they have something special planned. Even Remus only came out to help me, which I am thankful that he did. We get down to the great hall, most of the students are here for dinner, most of them seem to be talking about the attack. So many of them look scared. They are probably worried that their families will be the next targets. I HATE VOLDEMORT, HE'S RUINING SO MANY LIVES!As we take our seats, I feel someone give me a tight hug. I turn around and see Thomas is there. I hug him tighter. He takes a seat next to me. I hope he doesn't try to talk about it, I really don't want to.He says "Lily I am so sorry when I heard the news I tried to find you. I don't know how you must be feeling. I am here if you need to talk about it? I know you must be scared."He has no idea, but I just really don't want to talk about it. I say "thanks, that is very sweet of you, and I will talk to you if I need to."I look over at Marlene desperately, asking her to please change the subject. She seems to understand because she looks over at Thomas and asks "How has the first couple of days been, did you get lots of homework?""No, I just had that Alchemy essay about Nicolas Flamel. It honestly wasn't that bad, he's a very interesting person. I mean he created the only known Philosopher's stone." He answers."I mean true that is interesting, but would you really want to live forever? I mean at a certain point wouldn't you want to move on." She replies.I can't help but send a quick thank you look to Marlene. Not that I don't want my boyfriend here, I just don't want to talk about the attack right now. I focus on eating as he and Marlene start discussing the pros and cons of living forever. All of a sudden there is light everywhere. I see fireworks going off in every direction. But I notice these aren't the regular magical fireworks. The marauders must have made some adjustments. The fireworks explode and suddenly, the sparks fall to the tables carving something. On each of the tables, there are 3 different faces, with a name and age and the words justice for the twelve. On the Gryffindor table, there is Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35. The Marauders aren't done it seems. They stride into the great hall looking absolutely enraged. They honestly look like warriors. Each of their faces are holding matching snarls. Peter looks like he has had enough of everyone's bullshit. He looks part scary, but deep down you can see he is a little scared himself. Sirius has this look that says if you get in my way I'll fuck you up. He looks like someone ready to kill and someone who is a little insane. Remus has this scary calm look on his face. He looks wolfish like the wolf is inside of him is making an appearance. Finally, Potter, he looks like an honest to god commander. He is standing so fearlessly and so confidently. His hazel eyes are flashing with so much rage, and passion you just hope you are on his side. Together, they look unstoppable. They are all muttering spells and identical flames leave their wands and burn their way onto the walls. They wrote messages like say no to muggle-born killing, look out for one and other, stick together, don't lose hope, stand up and fight, protect each other, see something report something.However, the most striking was the most prominent of them all. It read fuck Voldemort, Fuck anyone who supports him. The guts to actually burn something like that is unthinkable. Instead of sitting down or wasting any more time, they walk right back out without the slightest hesitation. I can't help but get on my feet and clap for them. This is absolutely incredible. Soon others join, and most of the great hall is cheering. I complain a lot about their different pranks. But at moments like this, I can't help but admire the Marauders. I know they will stand up for what is right and they are one of the few able and willing to do so in such a public fashion. The looks on their faces said it all. They believe wholeheartedly in protecting muggle-born students and nothing will stop them from doing so. It is moments like this that make me respect James Potter and prevent me from outright hating him. He and the others do what needs to be done. As we settle down, we see Professor McGonagall get up from her seat and follow the Marauders, I am guessing to give them their punishment. I wonder what they'll get. I hope it isn't too bad, they really don't deserve it.I look at my friends and see they are grinning but also look to be in awe of what the marauders just pulled off. Marlene who seems to be the least surprised says "Well, that was amazing guys. Alice, good call for telling us not to interrupt them.""Yeah Alice, what they pulled off was absolutely perfect. It is just what the school needed. What the muggle-borns needed. The most popular students in the school and some of the most powerful students, literally just told anyone who supports muggle-born and muggle killings to fuck off and that they have our backs." Mary adds"Well, I knew if it was taking that long it was going to be special." Alice answers. I laugh, Alice always seems to know what the Marauders are doing even when the rest of us don't have a clue."Hope McGonagall doesn't punish them too badly, I know they probably broke 30 rules but still it was for a good cause." Dorcas adds I can't help but agree with her. It did seem to be a lot of rules though."It was probably only twelve Dorc. I mean at least one of them has the entire rule book memorized at this point and so they most likely made sure to break one for each of the deaths." Marlene adds. That really does sound like a marauder thing to do and was designed so only the professors and Dumbledore would get it.Before I can chime in Thomas says "They still broke the rules they should be punished. I don't care how necessary or sentimental they were being, they still broke the rules and they should be punished. It will only encourage them and others to break the rules otherwise. In all honesty, she should have punished them in front of everyone for that reason."I look at him disbelievingly, how can he seriously be upset over this. I know he loves the rules and everything. But no one deserves to be punished for something like this. Not something that is standing up for innocent people. Not for standing up against injustice. I mean, I normally don't endorse their pranks but come on, this was definitely special circumstances. But, I am really not in the mood for an argument so I just shake my head and continue eating, although I am still annoyed with him. Clearly, my friends have other ideas."Are you fucking kidding me, I don't give a fuck about rules. Last night, 12 people were killed in the name of or on You Know Who's orders, and everyone except the marauders are just bitching about it with their friends. They fucking did something." Dorcas says in her usual blunt fashion."Exactly, they did something and made a difference. You must know the type of value the marauders hold in this school. They know it and know how to use it, by saying no in public, they made sure others will follow just to be like them." Alice adds."They just did a good thing, I am a muggle-born I should know. They don't deserve to be punished." Mary says."Yeah, knowing them they knew they would get in trouble and still did it. That's what makes it even better." Marlene finishes.Thomas clearly annoyed says "Well I don't expect you to understand, you are not prefects. But as a Prefect, it is my job to control trouble and that is exactly what it was. Lily, you agree with me right?" He asks, I look down at my plate avoiding his eyes. He seems to understand, however, and gets up shaking his head. He returns to the Hufflepuff table without another word.This was another sort of chapter meant to set the scene. In the previous chapters, I was focused on creating James's storyline and struggles. This chapter had no James's POV, for a reason as it was set purely to show Lily's set of mind and I hope at this point Thomas's character is much more clear and that he has a personality other than Lily's Boyfriend. As always, if there is anyone actually reading this please comment and offer feedback thanks for everything. (All art credit goes to original artists/photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(September 6th, 1976)James POVI wake up, beginning my usual morning routine, today is the first DADA class of the year. There have been strange rumors going around about her classes. I am looking forward to it, hopefully, she is better than the usual idiots running the class. Since the job is famously jinxed, we haven't really had a good teacher. At least for Padfoot, Moony, and I, we haven't learned a single useful thing. I hope this one is different. I mean first I have to get through a potions class. Potions happens to be my least favorite class. Slughorn is such a pompous person, he collects people based on their family and offers favors/connections to students, in exchange for adding them to his collection. It is ridiculous, he tried to add Padfoot and me in the first year, but naturally, we said no, knowing what he was from the beginning. Plus, once we started to become well-known troublemakers, we suddenly weren't as welcomed as before. I don't really care though he only wanted us because my dad invented Sleekeazy's hair potion and Padfoot because his family is part of the sacred 28. I mean who cares where someone is from. He never invited Moony even though Moony is as smart as anyone, just because he is a werewolf. But gits like Snivilous and Rosier, who have rich families are welcomed without hesitation. The idiot can't tell when someone is evil. Anyway, we head down to breakfast at our usual time, leaving just enough time to eat and then to head to class. We take our seats next to Marlene, with Alice, Dorcas, and Lily having already left to get to class early. Who knows why anyone would do such a thing. But I guess being the crown jewel of old Sluggy's collection herself, Lily has to arrive at class early. What a waste of time.Anyways I turn to Marlene and ask "are you excited to return to potions class today. I wonder what he'll give us anyways?"Marlene who hates the class as much as I do, and who can blame her for it, the whole class is just sitting around and following a long list of precise instructions. I don't see why I will ever need to know such a thing when I become an Auror. What do they expect me to do in the field, stop whatever I am doing for a couple of hours just to brew a potion? It is so ridiculous.She says "Please don't remind me, I want to forget as long as I can. And I really don't care what he assigns us to do."Moony decides to pipe up "He will probably assign us something difficult, and offer us a prize for who can accomplish it best." Moony is usually right about things like this so I trust him. But in all honesty I don't care too much. I just hope the class isn't too full, I really don't need that right now. I check my watch to make sure we aren't running late."Yeah, and then he'll be gushing over Evan's and Snivelious's work." Padfoot adds,"Of course Padfoot, and any other person who has a rich family, just so he can get something from it." I add."How much do you want to bet he tries to invite the two of us again to his Slug Club? As if we would ever accept such an offer." Padfoot says laughing. That's true he is still trying to invite us to his slug club, which is stupid we're the least Slug club member-like students in the school."Can't really blame him can you, I mean we offer so much. Maybe he is hoping my dad will come up with a potion that can save what little is left of his hair." I say as all of us laugh because Slughorn has strawberry blond hair, that is seriously balding."But what about all the perks of the Slug Club. I mean besides good food, you get to have conversations with a group of people where 99% of them have their head stuck up their asses, and a teacher who will pretend to help you now and then call you for something bigger when you are older." Marlene asks pretending to be serious.We all laugh again because she just described the Slug club perfectly. I check my watch and realize we have fifteen minutes until it is time for class. We all get up and head to the castle grounds. I hand each of them a cigarette before grabbing one myself. If I am going to get through potions I really need this. When we finish, we have about 5 minutes till class, but we are not worried. We know this school like the back of our hand. We take a couple of quick short cuts before arriving outside the dungeon with three minutes to spare. It seems to be a large class this year. Since we are the last ones there we take a quick survey of the class.There seem to be 6 Hufflepuffs, 7 Ravenclaws, 5 Slytherins, and 7 Gryffindors. From Hufflepuff, there is Ruby, Edgar Bones, Isabelle Doyle, Alex Traore, Thomas Linnety, and Andy Reid. I don't know much about most of them except Ruby, Thomas because he is Lily's Boyfriend, Edgar Bones, and Alex Traore from quidditch. Edgar has droopy black eyes that are like two dark pits. He has straight, black hair that is short and is worn in a utilitarian style. He's got a beard and mustache. He has a masculine build. His skin is deeply-tanned. He has high cheekbones and a small mouth. Alex on the other hand has droopy slate-gray eyes. He has curly, long hair that is the color of chestnuts and is worn in a complex, style. He is tall and has an athletic build. His skin is light-colored. The Ravenclaws are Aldon Knight, Lawson White, Winter Huntingdon, Katie Hunt, Liz Khanna, Kylar Hicks and Vladimir Watts. I know about Katie and Liz from Remus and Vladimir from quidditch. The Slytherins are Lucinda, Milly Hudson, Hannah Hanson, Wilkes, and Snape. The only ones who I know that are semi-decent is Lucinda and her friend Hannah. Right as the class is supposed to begin, the doors to the dungeon open revealing the potions classroom. In sit 5 tables of 4 and 1 table of 5. Padfoot, Remus, and I immediately take seats at the back. Not long after Marlene chooses to sit there as well, because apparently Lily, Alice, and Dorcas sat at the front. Everyone knows Marlene hates sitting in the front, too much attention from the teacher. I look around and see four cauldrons full of bubbling potions.I nudge Marlene gesturing to the cauldrons and say "Do you think he's going to make us start preparing one of those potions?"She sniggers and asks "You know those are what you should be able to brew after you take your NEWTs right?"I roll my eyes, surprised Marlene has such little respect for the length we go for our pranks and other activities. I mean the potions around the classroom are easily recognizable and for various reasons, the only potion out of them that we haven't brewed is the Amortentia. The other potions polyjuice potion, veritaserum and felix felicis are all potions we have made and have an emergency supply of. We only use them for absolute emergencies, well except for the polyjuice potion, we usually just use that for pranks. If we need answers from someone or to prove to each other we are telling the truth, or if we are playing games at parties then the veritaserum comes in handy. Now the felix felicis potion, we have the smallest stalk of and we have only ever used it once. That was the night Padfoot sent Snape to the Whomping Willow. Without it, it would have turned out much worse.I turn to Marlene and say, "You know very well that we have brewed at least two of those potions. So don't bother hiding it." Sirius and Remus snickering behind me as they are remembering the night we introduced veritaserum at one of our parties. It was a real shocker to most. Granted Marlene knew and still took it.Marlene faces me and says sassily "Of course I knew, I was merely answering your stupid question from before." This causes Sirius and Remus to laugh louder."Shut up Padfoot, or should I tell them about the time you blew up the cauldron when we first tried to make veritaserum. Or the time you spent a week in the hospital wing after you screwed up the Felix Felicis." I retort. Moony is now doubled over laughing, nearly falling out of his seat.Marlene looked at Sirius incredulously and says "He's kidding right."Padfoot glares at me before replying "No he's telling the truth, although I still claim the other three are partially responsible for not paying attention. Although Prongs over here should remember I know his embarrassing stories as well"Marlene is now laughing hard, I guess she's picturing Sirius's blackened face and burnt hair.Sirius glares and says "Alright Prongs your turn. The first time we were making polyjuice potion, he put the wrong hair in it and spent the week as a half-human half rabbit. We hid him up in our dorm and said he had a mysterious illness."Well, it is only fair Padfoot got me, I mean I got him right before. However, what isn't fair is Moony laughing loudly and probably disrupting the whole class along with Marlene. Before we can get him back Slughorn seemed to have already begun class and faced us. He says "Since you four don't feel the need to pay attention or even to remain quiet in my class will you please identify what these four potions are."Slughorn really is making the mistake so many others make with us. They think just because they haven't taught us something, it means we don't know what it is. They are proven wrong time and time again and yet here we are.I look at Moony, Padfoot, and Marlene and we have a silent conversation to decide who goes first.Padfoot decides to go first and says in a ridiculously false cheerful tone of voice "Well of course professor, nothing would fill me with such joy as being able to help you out. So, the first potion" He points to the cauldron with Polyjuice potion, "is polyjuice potion. It is identifiable by its thick mud-like look and the bubbling, which is characteristic of the polyjuice potion before the hair of the person is added. After that, the color and taste are unique to the person you are changing into. Polyjuice potion allows a user to transform into another person temporarily, which can mean 10 minutes to twelve hours depending on how well it has been brewed." Sirius stood up took a little bow causing most of the class to chuckle.Marlene goes second, and says trying to contain her laughter, "the second potion" she points to the potion with Amortentia. "the one with the mother of pearl sheen and spiraling steam is Amortentia. The most powerful love potion in the world that smells different to each person. For instance, I smell my mother's perfume, the quidditch pitch, and something musky. However, it doesn't create real love instead it creates infatuation or obsession." Slughorn looks shocked, should've expected it Sluggy, we have done it hundreds of times before.Remus went next, he unlike the rest of us was dead serious, although someone who knows Remus can hear the humor in his voice. He says "The third potion or the clear, odorless one is veritaserum. It causes the drinker to tell the complete truth. It doesn't have a taste so it is undiscernible if it is put in a drink. It takes a full lunar cycle to brew."Moony went above and beyond the other two, I think to impress Slughorn, which he should, because when we first brew the potions, it was only due to Moony's help that we didn't destroy Gryffindor tower. Granted we were in the third year but still. You can see he has impressed Slughorn, which I am glad. I realize everyone is waiting for me. I decide you know what I am going to one-up Padfoot.I quickly stand up and give a nod to the professor before walking to the front to stand next to the last potion felix felicis. I begin, "Okay class, this final potion would be called Felix Felicis or better known as Lucky potion. You can identify it by its gold color, Ruby can you confirm that this is potion gold?"Ruby from her seat nods her head. I can see Thomas giving her a glare. I continue "you can also identify it by the droplets of gold that are leaping like gold-fish above the potions surface. Now this potion takes six months to brew. Now given that it is also known as the lucky potion can anyone tell me what it does?"Sirius leaping up and down in his seat says "pick me Prongs, Oh pick me."I grin and say " "He replies "It makes you lucky." I know at this point I am pushing my luck, but Slughorn is looking so funny that I decide to finish."Now the side effects of the potions is it causes giddiness and recklessness with overuse. So essentially you become my good friend Padfoot over here. It is also extremely dangerous to brew." I finish with a slight bow before heading back to my seat, quietly high-fiving both Marlene and Sirius. Most of the class have smiles on their faces seeming to enjoy our antics. That is except for Snape and Wilkes (but that's normal), Thomas and Liz and Lily. Although, I can see Lily is trying really hard to hold her glare in place. I also look over and see Ruby and Edgar telling Thomas to lighten up.I nudge the others and whisper "I think we have some very angry fans. Marlene, I think you should watch out for Princess after class."She laughs and says "She's not that mad she just wants to start potions it is her favorite class."I roll my eyes and whisper "If I get hexed I am so throwing you and Moony under the bus you were laughing the loudest."Marlene answers "Don't you dare or I will tell some stories of James potter Five year old."Oh god, those can't get out, no way, never. Suddenly Slughorns voice brings me back to reality."Okay thank you for all of those details and you happen to be correct. Now today, we will be having a little contest. Whoever, in the time remaining brews the best Draught of Living Death will receive a vile of Felix Felicis. However, I must explain Felix Felicis, is banned from all sporting events and exams. It is supposed to be used on an ordinary day to make that day special." Slughorn explains.I look around and see certain people really eager to begin, Snape, Lily, Liz, Ruby, Thomas, Edgar, Aldon, Kyler, and Katie all look ready to jump out of their seats. I know I am not going to win this so I start to wonder if it may be better to do something more productive. I look over at Padfoot and Moony and whisper "Do you think you guys can cover me when we go collect our ingredients, I am going to steal more ingredients for the dreamless sleep potion."They both nod their heads. "Sure thing prongs, that is actually a really good idea." Moony repliesWe make sure we are the last to get ingredients as we know we really don't need to win this contest. As the others grab ingredients for themselves and me for today's potion I gather the ingredients we are going to need. After we take what we need we return to our seats, and I quickly hide the stolen ingredients in my bag with the undetectable extension charm. Everyone is going to need more dreamless sleep potions, so the more we can make now, the better.Timeskip to the end of the contestNone of our potions are going to win anything, I can already see that although Moony's seems to be the farthest. Slughorn passes our table without pausing. Padfoot whispers to me "Five galleons on our Lilyflower."I whisper back "do you think I am an idiot there is no way in hell she loses." I mean it was going to be her, Liz or Snape but I guess we will see. Slughorn looks at Snape's potion and mutters something to himself before going to Lily's Potion. "My god, this is farther than I thought anyone in this class would get. This is wonderful. Very good job Miss Evans. For the rest of you 2 feet on the proper way to brew this potion and its uses." Slughorn says before handing her the vial of Felix Felices. Padfoot and I exchange a look before rolling our eyes.Timeskip to LunchMarlene, Sirius, Moony and I are one of the first to arrive at the great hall after the long potions class. We quickly fill our plates and begin to eat. Not long after we are joined by Peter and Mary who were on a break and who seemed to have spent the entire thing together. Finally, Dorcas, Lily, and Alice join us, Dorcas and Alice have wide smiles on their faces, while Lily's face turns into a glare. I quickly try to think up an excuse that can get us to leave before she gets here, but it will only delay the inevitable. She sits down and loads food on her plate without saying a single thing. On the other hand, Dorcas and Alice sit down and say enthusiastic "hello's" and "hi's". After grabbing some food, Alice is the first one to break the silence."Great performance today in potions, I could not stop laughing. Professors should have learned by now not to try that trick." Alice says."Well I am glad you enjoyed our performances, I mean it was a fun time. We really couldn't resist could we Padfoot. Not after the golden opportunity, Slughorn gave us." I say laughing because Slughorn literally presented us the opportunity on a silver platter."Well, I happen to love when Professors try to put one past us, it produces some of my best material. Plus, did you see his face, it was amazing." Padfoot adds, and I think back to the disbelieving and shocked face. It truly was something to see."Reckon it'll prevent us from being invited to future Slug club meetings?" I ask."No way prongs, you and Padfoot are way too valuable." Moony answers.It looks like Lily has had enough of being a silent bystander as she stops eating and says in a low yet loud whisper "Was it really necessary, I mean you disturbed the class for what a laugh. To what embarrass Slughorn. And why were you even laughing in the first place, some of us were trying to learn. I even saw you three were the last ones to grab ingredients. You weren't even trying."Padfoot and I exchange a look before he answers "Look we didn't know class had actually started when we were telling stories. We honestly were shocked when we realized we were disrupting the class.""As for embarrassing Slughorn, yes we tried to do that only because that was the exact same thing he was trying to do to us. And merely providing the answers was the part where we tried to embarrass him. The rest of it was because the class seemed so gloomy and bored that we decided to cheer everyone up. Come on all but like four of you were laughing outright. And deep down I know you were laughing." I say rolling my eyes at how she was still trying to be mad about something so small."Yeah Lily, we wasted what 2 to 3 minutes and in reality, we were offering perfect information. So don't tell us what we did was that bad. And as for us being last to grab the ingredients, we knew our potion wasn't going to win, so we didn't try to. We had a reason for going last, it's just we would rather not talk about it right now." Padfoot adds with an exasperated expression. I can't help but agree, I seriously don't see an issue in anything we did. If the class enjoyed it what's the problem. And given Saturday's events, we really needed to restock our dreamless sleep potion supply."I was not laughing, I wanted potions to continue. But I guess it wasn't that bad as the class did seem to enjoy it. I am guessing you knew the answers because you have brewed all those potions?" She asks"All except Amortentia, Lily, and they were all used in a noble and creative fashion." Remus answers with a completely straight face. Inside, I know like the rest of us, he is laughing his head off."That's really advanced stuff, I mean I brew potions on my own time but never something as complicated as that. When did you guys do that, I mean its impressive magic. Although, I don't think I will agree with how it was used" Lily adds with an impressed look.I knew she liked advanced magic but I am surprised she isn't mad because brewing all those potions violates so many rules."We brewed Polyjuice potion for the first time in the third year. We needed it for our Halloween costumes, remember when we went as the Professors." Moony answers. Best Halloween ever, everyone had a great laugh."Oh! I remember that, one of your less harmful pranks. It was really impressive and third-year mind you, that's commitment" Lily says, with a genuine smile on her face."Veritaserum was 4th year although we ended up using it for the first time in 5th year, remember at my birthday. party." Sirius adds. Before lily can reply as she looks less than thrilled about the second potion."Finally, we tried to brew it in the third year with terrible results. It wasn't until the early fifth year we managed to brew a small vile of it. The use of it will remain a secret as it would be too complicated to explain." Peter finishes.Lily seems a third amused, a third mad, and a third curious. I know what she is mad about and I am hoping to get out of it before her anger falls upon me and before she decides to ask questions.So I say "Yes, we knew how dangerous it was, but we didn't blow the Gryffindor Tower up, so I think we can count that as a success. Like I've said before sometimes the reward outweighs the risk. Now if you'll excuse me I am going to smoke." I get up quickly as Lily seems to be lost in my words.Just before I leave Alice whispers in my ear "She was laughing at your whole performance." Giving me a wink as I leave.Timeskip to DADA class.I walk into the DADA class with Sirius and Remus. We enter the class and it is a bit less crowded than our potions class. The same 7 of us from Gryffindor, there are 5 Hufflepuffs, 5 Slytherins, and 6 Ravenclaws. From Hufflepuff, Edgar, Ruby, Alex, Isabelle, Steven. Just like last class I only really know Edgar, Ruby, and Alex. I give a quick wave to Ruby. From Slytherin, Snape, Mulciber, Avery, Lucinda, and Milly. What a bad group the only one who I can stand is Lucinda. Finally, from Ravenclaw, Benjy, Emmeline, Aldon, Lawson, Worton Davis, and Katie Hunt. I know Emmeline pretty well, she plays for Ravenclaw and great at parties. Through her, I know her boyfriend Benjy Fenwick. Katie, I know a little bit, she shares many classes with us. Worton, I know too, but unfortunately, he is a giant prat, an arrogant git who will do anything for popularity. We find seats at the back of the class in the far left corner. I hope this year's teacher is actually decent."What do you reckon this time around?" I ask Padfoot and Moony"Well you remember her from the start of term feast, she looked tough and experienced." Padfoot says."Plus, Dumbledore knows the times we are in, there is no way he hired a slouch." Remus says sagely as if he is a 100 year old man. I disagree, times have been getting dark for a while and we still haven't had a good DADA professor but we will see I guess.Suddenly, the teacher enters very calmly and purposefully, striding right to the front of the class. "Okay, class I am your new DADA professor, Professor Wyatt. You will call me nothing but Professor Wyatt or you will face detention do you understand? Okay, moving on." She says but then she suddenly sees a group of students with their books out. She continues "For today, please put all of your books away, as I will only be speaking today."After we all put our books away, she continues "Now from what I have been told, you have had 5 different professors teach you in the past 5 years. I have looked into them and what they have taught you and no offense they were all terrible. That is why it surprised me how many of you have made it to NEWT level. Now usually if I was teaching this class I would stick solely to what would ensure that you pass your NEWTs. However, these are dark times and you need to know how to fight and how to protect yourselves. And since I am only staying here one year, I don't really care about any punishment the ministry can hand me. Now a bit of a background on myself. So, I attended Durmstrang academy many years ago where I took both OWLs and NEWTs. After, I worked for the ministry of magic in Sweden. After, a couple of deaths in the family, I was forced to move and sell most of my possessions as I was in need of a fresh start. So I moved to Great Britain, where I worked as a tutor, specializing in DADA. I also became a bartender to help with bills. And let me just say it is not the easiest job in the world as you can tell. After working another couple of odd jobs here and there, I saw a position open for teaching DADA. Since it was my specialty, I applied and got the job, probably because it is jinxed, and yes I know about the jinxed business." She pauses as if considering where to go next. Something about her is giving me a weird feeling. Her story really doesn't make sense. Is she really telling me barfights caused her injuries? She must be lying or hiding something. I know from treating Sirius what dark arts injuries look like and her scars are caused by a dark spell. I don't think a bar fight could really cause such a thing. Also, why'd she move to Britain she never actually said. She seems guarded for some reason. She begins to speak breaking me from my thoughts "Now, I know you are probably wondering what I know about DADA and why I am qualified to say your other professors are idiots. To start off, your professors seem to have spent an overly large time on rather rare creatures that you will most likely never encounter in your life and that belong more in the Care of magical creatures section. They seem to have taught you nothing on how to deal with darker creatures like Dementors or Inferi, which these days you are likely to face. Second, they seem to have shown you little demonstrations on how to actually perform spells, rather than relying on theory. Third, they haven't put you in any applied situations. But the biggest issue is the way they have portrayed the Dark arts. The Dark arts and dealing with evil creatures and people isn't about listing off a bunch of spells. No, it is about quick thinking, making the right decision, trusting yourself, and your instincts. It is about fighting your ingrain fear and facing down impossible odds. In the real world if you make a mistake, guess what you die and there is no going back. Sure you can practice in the classroom, study the theory but until you get out there, you don't know anything. I will be showing you what it is really like. I will be showing you the worst of the worst and how you deal with it. You may not want to hear it, but if you are going to take this class then you are going to be forced to grow up and learn what the world really is. This will include learning and facing the three unforgivable curses, learning how to duel properly in a life or death situation, and facing real-world dark creatures. Now if you have any questions, I will not be answering them as they are not important right now. If anyone in this class does not take this class seriously you will be kicked out understood! If you ever need to leave, ask first, and I will decide whether or not you will be allowed to leave. Now let's begin."Her speech is interesting, she will definitely teach us, and she knows more than the previous professors. But her speech and story makes no sense, she talks about facing the real world, dealing with the darkest things life has to offer. I mean she talks the same way my parents do, and they have faced real-world dangers. She talks about growing up and acts like she has been in life and death situations and yet in her story, she didn't really say she had any experience in the matter. She talks like she has experienced something or somethings that have permanently changed her. She also got a strange look in her eyes when mentioning the dark arts and especially the three unforgivable curses. Even more confusing, she seems to be breaking ministry guidelines and not having a care in the world as if the ministry can't punish her. Maybe I am just being paranoid. I really don't know. I will see what my friends have to say at the end of class. But one thing is for sure she definitely has my interest peaked.Timeskip to the end of classFor the rest of the class she focused on dementors, and she has definitely faced dementors before. The way she talks about them and the way she is able to describe the effects of them clearly shows that. Also, she also knew a lot about how to protect yourself against dementors. She tells us about patroni and the best way of dealing with them. She told us that patroni will be for our seventh year. However, she still told us exactly how to cast the spell and explained that if we want to learn how to cast a patronus we should do it on our time. Granted, with the dementor attacks on the rise the Marauders and I each learned how to cast our individual patroni to protect ourselves and our friends in emergencies. I return my focus to Professor Wyatt as she says "Okay class, that is all I expect 2 1/2 feet on dementors and how to face them due next class."With that, we got up to leave."She was amazing, she really knows what she is talking about." Padfoot says with an excited voice. He seems really happy for once."Yeah, I think Dumbledore finally got it right." Remus adds. They turn to me waiting to hear my opinion on it. I decide it would be best just to agree with them for now and wait and see if she does anything suspicious. If she does then I will tell them. Besides why squash their hopes when really, I don't have any proof anything is wrong. I should trust Dumbledore, and since he trusts her, I should trust her.So I say "She definitely knows more than the rest put together. One thing is for sure guys, DADA just became the most interesting class we will be taking this year."Sorry it was long, but I introduced certain characters that will turn out to be important later on. Now the whole potions seen, it is just the majority seem to always assume the marauders are bad at potions. Yet Remus is quoted as saying that James and Sirius were brilliant at anything they tried. And I also think that yes the Marauders keep emergency potions supplies on them because they literally had a map of everyone on the school, and dealt with a werewolf regularly. They seem like the group of students, to always have something to clean up their messes, which probably happened often. Now as always, if you read this please comment, and offer feedback it would be appreciated. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to ) Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(Sept. 8th, 1976)James POVI wake especially early this morning and quietly walk over to try and nudge Sirius awake. He was supposed to wake up at the same time as me, but alas no such luck, the great lazy prat. We have got so much to do today, he needs to wake up. Today is the full moon and Moony has been looking especially ill the past couple of days. When he wakes up we will have to take him to the hospital wing. It is going to be a long night for him. Tomorrow also happens to be Peter's birthday which means we have to plan a big party for him. We are so not ready and we so don't have enough time. However, luckily enough neither of us have class. We really should be doing our homework, but we will find a way to manage it. Anyway, I finally wake Sirius who looks confused as to why I woke him up so early. I can't believe he forgot, but I can't yell at him right now because that will wake the others up and ruin the whole surprise. I motion for him to quietly get dressed and follow me downstairs. He glares at me for a second before quietly groaning. He gets dressed in a rather loud fashion, we are only lucky that Wormtail and Moony are heavy sleepers. Once we reach the common room he groans and says in a whiny voice "Prongs why did you have to wake me up so early, we've got a full moon tonight and I was hoping to get a nice long sleep."I roll my eyes, impatient that Sirius forgot. I mean we have so much going on today, and I really need his help. "Are you forgetting what tomorrow is Padfoot?" I ask impatiently. I mean come on Padfoot wake the fuck up.I suddenly see recognition in Padfoot's eyes, he must finally be awake. "Oh shit, I can't believe I forgot. We have so much work to get done." He says in a slightly panicky voice.I look at him and tell him my plan."Okay, Padfoot first we are going to go to the Kitchens and see some of the House-elves and see if they are willing to make some food for tomorrow. Second, we are going to magically hand out invitations to the people we trust. Third, we are going to take Remus to the hospital wing, and then we are going to let Peter stay with him, while we make our way to Hogsmeade. We will get him our gifts and supplies for his party. We will make it back and hide our supplies in the room of requirement. We then are going to spend the afternoon with Remus and keep him company while Peter is in class. Then, when Peter is done with his class, we are all going to spend the remaining time with Remus, until we are kicked out. Then, we gather the supplies we are going to need for the night and hide them in our usual place, making up our different excuses for where we were all day and night. Now once we get back instead of sleeping, you and I are going to wait for Wormtail to sleep, and then we are going to set up his birthday prank. Finally, we are going to go to sleep and then wake up early and celebrate Peter's Birthday." I explain as Padfoot groans. I know he's going to help but I can't help but agree with him, we are going to have little to no sleep for the next couple of days. But they are both our friends so we know we have to get it done.He looks at me and says "Then let's get going because we are going to need every second."We leave the common room, and I quickly pull out what looks to be a blank piece of parchment and say I solemnly swear I am up to no good. Words start to appear on the blank parchment. It is the marauder's map, a map of Hogwarts that shows everyone on it, and every secret passage. The marauders and I made it in our 4th year although it took us nearly two years. It is a way to avoid trouble as much as possible. It has saved us from so many detentions as now we know when a professor is coming and when they are going to bust us."Seems clear right now no one we need to steer clear of, Filch is currently on the fifth floor chasing Peeves it seems." I say, before beginning to walk towards the Kitchens. Throughout the walk, we encountered nobody as it seems most of Hogwarts was still asleep. We reach the entrance to the Kitchens which is secretly hidden. To access it, all we have to do is tickle the pear on the portrait. The door swings open we find hundreds of tiny House-elves cooking food for breakfast in a feverish fashion.When we walk in, many of the house-elves smile and say, "Master Potter, Master Black, what an honor it is to see you again. Did and come with you?I smile over at the House-elves, they are always so nice and kind and helpful."Unfortunately Remus and Peter were unable to make it today although they wanted to tell all of you hi and they will be down to visit soon." Sirius answers smiling at the house-elves.The House-elves all smiled and jumped up and down excited at the chance to see Moony and Wormtail again. I walk over to the two house-elves we know best. Candy a House-elf whose eyes look like pieces of candy and Peely, whose skin looks like it is peeling off. "Hey Candy, Hey Peely, I was wondering if you would be willing to help us out with something?" I ask, I think they will say yes but I don't want to force them, they already have a lot of work."We would be honored to help and his friends. What is it he needs from Candy and Peely?" They ask while bowing."So tomorrow is Peter's Birthday and we are throwing a party for him. We were wondering if you could make some food for the party. We would need a cake, some of your canary creams, ginger newts, chocolate eclairs, pumpkin pasties, and maybe a treacle tart. You see you guys make the best food that we know of and we wanted to make Peters Birthday special, so we were hoping you would help." I say seriously because there isn't a single person I know who can cook better than the House-elves."We would be delighted to cook for Peter's party sir. We shall bring everything to your dorm as soon as we are done, sir." They say happily as they start to get back to work."Bye guys" I wave as I head back over to Sirius who was talking to other house-elves."So, the House-elves will cook for the party. How was it on your end?" I ask"All of his favorites will be plentiful during tomorrow's meal." He says grinning."You can't help but love them, can you. So willing to help." I say because really they are awesome, they were willing to help right away. Besides, we always have a good time when we visit them."Darn right you can't, I love some of those House-elves they are always so cheery and happy. We owe them so much." He says thinking the same thing I as I am."So now invitations, who do you think we should invite." I ask him as it is important we only invite people who won't report or get us in trouble. If we invite the wrong person it could be over before it begins.We decide to head to the common room so we can write down who we want to invite and decide how we are going to invite people."So we do it by going house by house naming which students in each year we want to invite and when we are finished, you write them down." Sirius says.I begin to make the list, writing down each house giving enough space for several names from each house."Okay, so we should start with Slytherin. I think we can start by eliminating all those Pureblood nutjobs. I also think the prefects from that house can all be eliminated. Now also eliminating my brother, Rowin Leonard and Adrian as they are all not the partying type. I think Winnie Paterson, Lucinda Talkalot, Talia Thunder, Hannah Hanson, Elizabeth Ekholm, Garrett Beck, and Alexander Webb should be the Slytherins." He finishes, I can't help but agree with him it is a good list and I don't think a single one of them will tell on us. Although, if it wasn't for Sirius's family situation I would've invited Regulus. But I guess it is best to keep those two apart. So I write down the names of the Slytherins he wants to attend."Next I say Hufflepuffs, we should eliminate Cattermole's group as they would be the first one to tell someone about the party. Travis Pieters and Chris Gonzales who are friends of Frank should come, along with Holly Brown and Aaron Lockwood. I don't like the other 7th year girls they gossip too much." I say as the group of girls in Hufflepuff are responsible for three-quarters of the school's gossip."In the sixth year, Edgar, Ruby, Greta, and Thomas should be invited. I don't think the rest of the group will let him report this. Besides, he is Evans's boyfriend we don't have much of a choice." Sirius Continues, I can't really argue with him, they are good choices."In fifth year, Tim, Nick Murray, Andrew Ryan, Amy Anderson, Otto Bagman. I mean Tim and Nick are two of the most popular students and Andrew, Amy, and Otto are all somewhat popular." I add thinking about what I know about the fifth year students."Also, we should invite Cara and her friends, they might not be the partying type but remember they get along great with Tim and his friends. I nod my head in agreement and write down the names of the Hufflepuffs."From Ravenclaw, in 7th Year, Hestia, Ash Jennings, Angelle Mullins, Anton Frost, George Martin, and Reagan Adams. They are all nice and friendly and fun to party with." I say, looking over at Padfoot who is nodding his head."Benjy, Emmeline, Lawson, Vladimir, Aldon, and Katie from our year. We know most of them pretty well. I think they can be trusted." Padfoot adds and I think he is right even though I am worried by the number of prefects on our list."Ash Selwyn, Tessa, Sophie Reynolds, and Riley Green. Obvious choices, since their friends are already on our list." I add, finishing off Ravenclaw's house."Finally, the Gryffindors, I think 7th year is pretty easy, Caderac, Frank, Shirley, Britta Macmillan, Madison Mills, and Jack Hawkins. We know them pretty well, there is no way they are going to get us into trouble. Plus the Head boy and girl will be there." Sirius says while looking at me, so I roll my eyes because he is obviously right."I think we can skip the sixth years because obviously, we are all going." I say with a little humor in my voice because we are the ones throwing the party."5th-year we should just stick with the members of the groups already going. So Mason, Damon Byrne, Sammie Horvat, Hannah, Brooklyn, and Nika Daniels. They all have friends going and are not the type of people to tell." He finishes. I hope he is right, most of the groups are trustworthy, the only group that slightly concerns me is Cara's group because they aren't necessarily the partying bunch. However, I also don't think they are the type to tell on someone, so hopefully, we got it right. So, I add the remaining names to the list."So, any idea how we can contact each of them without others finding out." Sirius asks. I think about this and come up with a great idea. But we need to hurry up and get it done."I have an idea, Sirius, you remember how a golden snitch has touch memory, so it can remember who was the first to touch it." I ask, he nods his head looking confused."What if we charm chocolate frog cards so that when the person who the invitation belongs to touches it, it reveals the invitation details, and when they let it go, the card becomes blank again." I say hoping he will understand because it means that if someone steals it, they won't be able to see anything.His eyes wide with excitement nearly yells "Prongs that's an amazing idea but is going to take time, we better get to work."As marauders, we have eaten a large number of chocolate frogs in our lifetimes, and as a group, we have grouped the chocolate frog cards, since none of us actually collect them. In total, we have enough for several sets of invitations. I quickly, but quietly run up the stairs and grab them, before heading back down to Padfoot. Sirius and I make quick work of the invitations choosing a different witch or wizard for each invitation. After 30 minutes of work, we were finally done. We quickly charmed all the invitations to appear in the proper person's bed before heading up to check on Remus. When we gently woke him up because it is time to take him to the hospital wing. Luckily for Remus and us, Wormtail is the only one with classes today. When we wake him, it doesn't look good, he is really white, he's got goosebumps clearly cold, and looks exhausted. It is so hard to watch Moony, what he goes through is terrible."How's it going Moony?" Padfoot asks gently."Wonderful Padfoot, I feel like I can run a marathon. How the fuck do you think I feel." Remus replies harshly. Padfoot winces, he knows he shouldn't have asked that question, Moony is always snappish and angry on full moons. This is due to his wolfish nature roaring to life."Moony, what he means to ask is in terms of previous moons, how bad? We need to know what we are going to have in-store today." I say calmly hoping to calm him down a bit.Moony looks at me with his sad eyes and says sadly "I honestly don't know prongs, it is going to be the usual, and I said it a hundred times to you, don't come." I shake my head, Moony always feels down on the full moon and feels guilty for everything that is going on."Moony we are coming, end of the story. Padfoot wake-up Wormtail we need to bring him to the hospital wing." I say, taking control of the situation.Timeskip to dropping off Peter and Remus at the Hospital WingAfter dropping off Moony and Wormtail at the Hospital Wing, Padfoot and I quickly throw the invisibility cloak over us. It is a cloak that renders the wearer completely invisible. It is a family heirloom, passing down from generation to generation. It apparently belonged to the youngest Peverell brothers. With it, we can pass through the halls unseen. We check the Marauders map and decide which passage to take to Hogsmeade. After a quick debate, we decide to use the passage on the third floor behind the one-eyed witch, since the hallway seems to be empty. As we reach it, I take my wand out and say "Dissendium" to open the passageway. After entering the passage we quickly remove the cloak and hide it in our usual hiding place. I look at Padfoot and say "you ready Padfoot, time to go shopping.""Course, it is a big birthday, let's make sure it's memorable." Padfoot says grinning.We first stop at Dervish and Bangs, to buy Peter a pocket watch curtesy of the Marauders. See we know his parents are getting him a fancy watch as it is customary, but we wanted to make his birthday special and show that he's part of our family too. What's different about this one, is instead of tracking the time it tracks the lunar stages and the movement of the planets, to help Peter out with divination and Remus's Full moon issue. We asked the owner to put it on hold at the end of last year. Next, we went to the Hogshead where Dumbledore's brother works. If you pay well enough he is willing to sell firewhiskey and other alcohols.We enter and wave at him. The bar seems to be empty which is good. I approach him and ask "I would like a crate of firewhiskey, some of the Hogshead brew, and Dragon scale as well as a crate of butterbeer."After he gives us our alcohol, I quickly pay, and Sirius picks up our order while I make him invisible to avoid detection."Oi, James why are you not carrying these, you are the quidditch player?" Padfoot yells annoyed, I mean the box he is carrying is kinda heavy, but I still have to pay for the Honeyduke sweets. We enter Honeydukes and I tell him to start heading to the passage while I finish up. I buy large quantities of Sugar quills, peppermint toads, Ice mice, and liquorice wands for Peter. I also buy large amounts of chocolate because it will help Remus for the upcoming full moon. I quickly pretend to leave before making myself invisible and head down to the sellar to catch up with Padfoot. I look at our load and I think we did a really good job."Hey paddy, think we got enough to satisfy Peter for more than a day." I ask, jokingly, we both knew this was going to be absolutely amazing, and Peter is going to be thrilled.Timeskip to the return to the castleWe get back to the castle and quickly hide our stuff in the Room of Requirement. I check my watch quickly and we needed to hurry in order to relieve Wormtail. We learned long ago that it was best to always have someone around Remus during the Full Moons. I nudge Sirius and the two of us sprint through the halls until we arrive at the hospital wing. We enter quietly in case Moony is asleep. Which turns out to be the case. I see Wormtail glancing nervously at his watch. I walk over and pat him gently on the shoulder."Don't worry Wormtail, we're here now, you can make it to your class." I say knowing he is going to have to hurry. I discreetly hand him the Marauders map, knowing it will help him get to class on time.He grins "I'll see you guys after, thanks for this." He then runs out, hopefully, to make it to class on time.Padfoot nudges me, bringing my attention to Moony. He doesn't look good, he looks even paler than this morning, and he has 4 blankets just to keep him warm.I whisper to Padfoot "This is not going to be a good moon is it?"Padfoot looks down at Moony than back at me and whispers back "Doesn't seem that different from usual, so who knows maybe things won't be so bad.""True, but just in case we need to bring our medical supplies back to their usual place, in case of emergencies." I whisper because right now they are up in our dorm, and that would be a far walk if one of us is hurt."Yeah. We also need to hide our injuries better. You know how Moony gets when he hurts one of us. He becomes a lot sadder and blames himself way too much." Padfoot adds. He is right of course, Moony does get much worse if he injures one of us. But I also know Moony and if we lie to him, he will feel that much worse and may even lash out."Padfoot, it is better just to tell him, you know as well as I do that if he finds out we lied to him it would make things that much worse." I say hoping to convince him.He nods I think because he understands Moony as I do.Timeskip to being kicked out of the hospital wing.After being kicked out of the hospital wing, we begin to head back to the common room."So, what is our excuse going to be for Today and tonight?" I ask, knowing we are going to need a coordinated excuse because otherwise we would probably get caught in a lie."I think for today we tell the truth, although we change it so Remus was in the hospital wing with the flu." Padfoot says."I think it'll work, although maybe best not to say exactly what we did or buy from Hogsmeade." I add looking at Padfoot but thinking about the large quantity of alcohol we had bought."For tonight, why don't we say we have found a new secret passage and want to see where it leads. Since no one but us have really used the secret passages out of school, we can easily lie, and show them one we have already found." Wormtail says. That is a really good idea, Peter was always the best at lying and getting us out of the toughest situations."Wormtail that is genius, you are always the best at coming up with them. So we head back to the common room, we only need to last a couple of minutes before we head back out. We get the supplies and then we put them in their hiding spot and then we wait. It isn't going to be a short moon, like in the summer, so we have to be ready." I say picking up the pace. We reach the common room hoping that none of our friends are there. Unfortunately, they are all sitting around the fireplace and look up upon our arrival."Shit." I whisper to Padfoot, we just have the most rotten luck."So, mind telling us where you were all day?" Dorcas asks, sounding a lot like an authority figure."Yeah, and where's Remus today?" Lily asks a little too curiously."Well, for where we were during the day, Sirius and I spent the day in Hogsmeade, gathering certain things." I say while looking directly at Alice pleading for her to understand. She seems to get it and nudges the others trying to get them to understand. Most seem to which is good."Remus on the other hand has the flu, I spent the morning with him before swapping with those two as I went to class." Peter adds convincingly. Hopefully, it will be able to relax Lily's curiosity. We start to make our way to the stairs when we are called back by the girls."So, the flu is it? Is it bad? What are his symptoms? When will Remus get better?" Lily asks, again it is like she suspects or knows. I will have to lie convincingly then."Okay, so it is pretty bad but you know Poppy, it could be anywhere from 1 day to 5 days. Second, he has a fever, he has been vomiting, he is pale, and he has the shivers." I answer hoping I was convincing enough.We turn to start to head up, when suddenly "where are you guys going, you have literally spent five minutes in the common room. Don't you have homework or something?" I turn and see that it is Mary who asked."Well you see Mary, we think we might have found a new secret passageway out of the school. The only issue is we don't where it goes or the dangers it might contain. So naturally, we are going to go explore it. We were first just going to collect some supplies." Sirius answers, doing his best to sound as excited as possible, and to keep the fear about tonight down."I thought you guys knew every secret passage in the school?" Marlene asks surprised."Well, you do know the castle is very large, so we freely admit to not knowing everything about the castle." I say, which is true we haven't had the chance to explore absolutely everywhere yet."Plus, you probably misheard us, we have never said we know every secret in the castle. We have said that we know more than the rest of the students combined. Which is probably what you are referring to. Because I will freely admit we are amazing but even us, the great marauders aren't able to know everything about the school." Padfoot adds, clearly bragging, but I mean he definitely isn't wrong.I look around and most of them are laughing about Sirius's comment. However, Lily is only pretending to. She has been way too curious this entire time, she must know something is up. I can't read her true expression. It doesn't seem right, because she almost seems worried and shocked. I think we should be trying to get out of this situation as quickly as possible.Before we can try to leave she speaks up "Are you guys sure tonight is the best night for this? I mean it could be dangerous, why not try to study it a little more before doing it?" Lily asks putting as much pleading in her voice as she can. I don't know why I exchange a quick look with Padfoot to see if he noticed what I did. She knows something or at least suspects something. We have to be careful tonight."We have made plans for tonight and therefore we are going to do it okay. We are going to be fine we have been preparing for a long time." I quickly say, while nodding at the girls before heading upstairs quickly. We grab the healing potions that will help in case one of us is injured."Timeskip to Remus's arrival at the shrieking shack"We see Madam Pomphrey bring Remus to the shrieking shack minutes before the moon is about to rise.Peter quickly transforms into a rat so he can touch the notch on the tree that will freeze it in place. Once he has done that, Sirius and I follow entering the passageway that leads to the forbidden forest. When we reach Remus, he is yelling out in pain. It is the worst part of the whole thing. Listening to Remus cry and yell because of the transformation he is undergoing is awful. We listen as his screams become louder until they reach an impossibly high point and we know it is time to transform. First Peter turns into a rat, then Sirius transforms into his bear-sized black shaggy dog. Finally, it was my turn and I transform into my huge red stag. I make sure to stay slightly hunched to make sure my horns don't penetrate or break anything. We watch as the last part of Remus's transformation occurs, his eyes change from their kind form to a violent bloodthirsty yellow. The wolf is here. He looks us up and down and smells us before remembering we are his pack. With this confirmation, Sirius opens the door to the shack and we begin to explore the forbidden forest.Timeskip to the end of the full moon.I place the unconscious Remus in the cot in the shrieking shack pulling up a couple of blankets, it shouldn't be long until Poppy is here. It wasn't a terrible full moon as Remus was mostly calm. We have a couple of bruises and cuts but nothing but the bare minimum.I check myself over, before looking at the others, like me Sirius has a couple of scratches and bruises while Peter seems perfectly fine. I ask Sirius "reckon spells will be enough to heal our wounds? Save our potions for another day."He nods and we begin to heal each other with magic. Once we are as well as we can be, only a few smaller cuts and bruises that refuse to heal anymore. Together we head back to the castle, being as silent as possible.When we reach the Common Room, I immediately know we are in trouble. Lily Evans is sitting on the couch reading as if she had been waiting up for us. She suddenly closes the book and turns to face us."So it takes that long to investigate a secret passage?" she asks with a raised eyebrow. Normally, I would be laughing about this because she has absolutely no idea what she is talking about and it shows. I mean some of the passages took many nights wandering the castle to find.In unison, we say "Yes! Do you think we are lying?"She shakes her head before heading up to her dorm. Just before she is out of sight she turns and says "I see those cuts and bruises and your torn robes, don't think I missed that. You could have been investigating a secret passage but I seriously doubt it. Now, remember I have my eyes on you from this point on."I shake my head looking at Padfoot and Wormtail and say "We better be careful from now on. Let's go up and get changed, and sleep." I head upstairs and turn and say "Let's not mention that conversation to Moony, as it will make him worry."We quickly get cleaned up and change, and climb into bed. It takes 10 minutes for Peter to fall asleep, then Sirius and I get to work. It's time for Peter's birthday prank.So that is the end of the chapter. This chapter was showing what the full moon was and showing just how busy the Marauders world was. And of course how the Marauders were definitely the party throwers of Hogwarts. And I think at least in my story to always talk about the full moons and effect on Remus because they were probably the biggest parts of the Marauder's lives. I think some of you reading if there is anyone actually reading, that the chapters are going slow. That will be the case for a few more chapters, it isn't until the start of October that things really pick up speed. I do have this whole book planned at least plot and chapter wise, and September is definitely the longest month with 15 chapters planned. For the other months, it is about 9 chapters a month. I just thought I would offer this so you can an idea of the length of the story. I will promise though that this book will finish, and my update speed will remain pretty much constant. Now as before please comment, and offer feedback. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to ) Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(Sept. 9th, 1976)James POVAfter finally finishing Wormtail's birthday prank, Padfoot and I exhaustingly climb back up to our dorms and collapse, falling to sleep instantly. Unfortunately, I had to get up a mere hour after I got to sleep because otherwise, I would miss class. I force myself up and trudge to the great hall for some quick food. I smile as I sit down because it would seem the House-elves lived up to their promise. All of Peter's favorites are plentiful at the Gryffindor table. I look around and I see a few people discussing Wormtail's party later and I smile because it means the invitations had worked. I eat as quickly as possible because I want to visit Moony before going to class. Once, I am done eating I rush out, find a deserted corridor, throw on my invisibility cloak before rushing to the hospital wing. I open the doors a tiny bit and poke my head inside to see if anyone is around. Luckily, it seems empty. I rush over to Moony's bed. He looks pale and has a couple of fresh bumps and bruises. However, he looks a lot better than last night, I guess it won't be a long stay in the hospital wing this time. Poppy can really work magic. He is still asleep so instead of removing the cloak or trying to talk to him I just turn around and head to class.Timeskip to after classAfter class where I handed in my hastily scribbled homework and received another essay, I left to head to the hospital wing hoping to find Sirius and Peter there. We wanted to give Peter's gift as a group since it was from all of us and because we wanted to see his reaction. I reach the hospital wing and see they're all sitting around Moony's bed. I enter quietly, not wanting to get kicked out before pulling up a chair next to the others.I say "Hey Padfoot, Moony, Wormtail. Happy Birthday, Wormtail."Wormtail grins and replies "Thanks Prongs loved the pranks by the way."I nod before turning my attention to Moony "How are you feeling Moony, hopefully, better than yesterday right?" I ask deep down hope that he is okay."I'm better Prongs, only a couple of bumps and cuts, nothing more than the usual. Besides, I want to know how you guys are. They refused to tell me anything until you were here." He replies. I am glad he is better, he didn't seem to be lying at least. Moony is the worst liar out of all of us, so I didn't think he was going to try anyway.I look at the other two wondering why they haven't told Moony about last night. Nothing out of the ordinary happened and we have no serious injuries. I decide to ask the other two before talking to Moony. "Why haven't you guys told him?""You know as well as I do, that Moony might've thought we were lying and think that you somehow suffered injuries that were preventing you from visiting him." Sirius says like it is the most obvious thing in the world. And when it comes to Moony's guilt he is probably right."You're probably right, Moony over here is overly sensitive after full moons." I say laughing along with Sirius."Oi, I am not!." Remus shouts indignantly."Moony, you really are." Peter pipes up. Moony looks ready to try and argue some more but sees it is a lost cause.Instead, he asks "Whatever you guys say, now I want to know about last night, and don't try lying to me."Peter decides to go first since he is the one who is perfectly okay. "Okay, so like usual I am absolutely fine. No injuries whatsoever.""I have a couple of bumps and small cuts. I had a few more last night but we were able to heal them with magic, no potions needed." Padfoot adds, saying pretty much the same thing I am about to."I have the same sort of injuries as Padfoot. Nothing new and nothing that needs magic to be healed." I say looking Moony in the eyes so he knows I am telling the truth.Moony takes one last look at each of us as if checking that each of us are okay. Before nodding, accepting that we are telling the truth."Now we're done with Moony being a worry wolf, Peter we wanted to give you our main gift as a group." He pulls out the wrapped gift with wrapping paper which has tiny rats running all over. He hands it over to Peter and we wait to see his reaction to it.When he unwraps it his face breaks into a wide grin. He reveals the gold pocket watch we got him the day before. He opens it revealing the lunar calendar and the moving planets. He faces us and then tackles each one of us in a hug."Thank you guys, this is amazing. I ... I can't believe you would get something like this for me. It is perfect. Truly I love it." He says before giving each of us another hug.The three of us are smiling, thrilled that Wormtail likes the gift so much but Remus clearly wants to explain the gift a little more."Peter, we know that your parents got you your own watch, but we wanted to give you our own watch to show you that you are apart of a second family, you are apart of the Marauders. We thought that the lunar calendar and the planetary movements would be of better use to you." Remus finishes, saying exactly what the gift meant to each of them.This made Peter unable to speak. Instead, Peter walks over and hugs each of us in a harder hug. We hug him back just as fiercely because this is the only point we will get to celebrate his birthday in private. We spent the rest of the time laughing and joking just enjoying each other's company.Lily's POVI wake up late, due to being up really late last night, I don't know how the Marauders do it. They seem to rarely sleep, it is astounding. They got back to the common room so late and I was right about them not investigating a secret passageway. They had ripped clothes, mud, bumps, and cuts littering them, well at least Potter and Sirius. They must've been doing something with Remus but I don't know what. It is far too dangerous to be around a werewolf, friend or not, and those boys would not be stupid enough to risk it. I will just have to keep a closer eye on them for the upcoming full moon. Anyway, today is Peter's birthday and naturally, the marauders are throwing a party. I mean it's a Thursday night couldn't they have waited until tomorrow. It would make more sense with classes. But I guess being the Marauders that doesn't hold too much weight. Although looking at the list of people invited on my invitation it seems like it is a very fun and nice group. They seem to have invited a fair amount of people from every house which is nice. What's more, is the invitations themselves. The magic involved in them is genius. I don't know how they came up with it. You see they charmed chocolate frogs to reveal the invitations when the person the invitation belongs to, touches it. Otherwise, it remains blank. Each person got a different character. Potter definitely picked mine as my character was Queen Maeve. Course I get the card with royalty on it. Probably laughed about it. However, he did do a nice thing by inviting Thomas to the party. Normally Thomas would be the type to tell on someone having a party. But I think Potter and Sirius trusted that Edgar, Ruby, and maybe I would be able to control him. Naturally, it took all of yesterday for his friends to convince him to not report them. Even more annoyingly, I had to have an hour-long discussion with him just to get him to agree to come with me. It's like he didn't care if we would have a good time, breaking the rules in any sense is apparently too much for him. I probably would've gone without him but it will definitely be more fun to go with him. As I got dressed and leave, I wonder what pranks the Marauders have in-store today, I hope they wouldn't have had much time to prepare something. But as I pass the suits of armor, I realize I am wrong. The suits of armor are dressed up with party hats and every couple of minutes bursting into happy birthdays. As I entered the great hall, I see that every single teacher has somehow been forced into a birthday hat and in a banner above their heads reads Happy Birthday Peter! When they had the time to do this is beyond me. They truly are brilliant. I find Alice, Marlene, Dorcas, and Mary already at the table. They all greet me with various greetings. I reply likewise and sit down and I begin to load my plate and I can't help but notice all of Peter's favorites have been made in excessive amounts. Another Marauder move."So, Sleeping Beauty finally wakes up." Marlene says smirking. Damn it I had hoped she wouldn't say anything."I stayed up late reading." I say lying because really they will all just tell me I have an obsession with the Marauder's if I tell the truth.They all roll their eyes as one, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world."So everyone ready for the party tonight?" Mary asks curiously, probably wondering what we were all going to wear."Yeah, it is going to be a blast, the parties they throw are always legendary." Dorcas says, rather excitedly."Did any of you get dates?" Mary asks curiously, although I think the question was directed at the others more than me because they already know I am going with Thomas."I did, Caderac Dearborn, he asked me last night." Marlene says while squealing and bobbing up and down in her seat."Wait Franks cute friend. Grey eyes, yellow hair, tall muscular build?" Alice asks startled, looking directly at Marlene. She of course would be curious given the fact that she has this huge crush on Frank."Yeah, that's the one. I didn't know much about him before but he is hot so who cares." Marlene says as if it is the most obvious thing in the world. Which to her it probably is."I actually got asked as well. You know Lawson White from Ravenclaw. He asked me and since no one else was going to ask I said yes." Dorcas says while looking happy I think that it is because she was asked. Although I know Dorcas doesn't really know or like Lawson."Frank is going with his friend Shirley unfortunately." Alice says disappointingly, while she is looking purposefully down at her plate."Alice they might be going together as friends who actually knows." I say doing my best to cheer her up. Although I think it might be a date, I would rather see a happy Alice than a sad Alice."Did you manage to convince that goody two shoes to finally go with you lils?" Dorcas asks curiously, looking at me straight in the eyes. I don't know why, but I think Dorcas isn't the biggest fan of Thomas. I think she finds him stuck up."Yeah, I did, after a little convincing. And don't call him goody two shoes, his name is Thomas." I say correcting her because he is my boyfriend, the least she can do is call him by his name."Mary, did anyone ask you?" Marlene asks I think trying to distract us before Dorcas and I start having a full-blown argument."No, unfortunately, the only person who I think would ask me is Reginald Cattermole from Hufflepuff, but the marauders didn't invite him for good reason." Mary says, not looking Marlene in the eye, I think sad or embarrassed. She sounds almost as sad as Alice."Don't worry Mary, I am sure many people aren't going to have dates. Besides me and you can go together since we are both going alone." Alice says smiling at Mary and her voice comforting.It is at that moment that Potter comes running into the great hall alone. He takes a seat away from us for once. Which is weird, but a nice change. I think I am the only one who has noticed him.I turn back to the girls who are discussing what they are going to be wearing for the party.I should add here that I am a guy who has zero fashion sense and who just wears whatever is comfortable. So if I purposefully leave the fashion conversation and what they are going to wear to a minimum that is why. However, when the Yule Ball comes I will give a full description for that.Marlene says "I know the perfect combination that I am going to wear. It is going to blow Caderacs mind."Mary says "Do you mind if I borrow your purple shirt, Marlene, it would go great with the skirt I am planning to wear."Marlene says "Sure, I really don't mind. Just make sure not to damage it!" She did sound dead serious at the end giving Mary a partial glare. I know this is just cause Marlene loves her clothes. I look over and see Potter is already leaving the Great hall, that was quick.I turn to focus my attention back to the conversation at hand. They continue to talk about what they are going to wear until the end of breakfast. We head back to the dorm and begin to work on some of our homework. We would be out all night so we may as well get it done now.Timeskip to Lily's Alchemy classI head to my Alchemy class and take my seat next to Thomas. The professor isn't here yet. I turn to face Thomas, to see if he wants to talk but he is reading, so instead, I open up my book and do the same. Suddenly out of nowhere, I hear a voice say "I still can't believe you're making me go tonight. Parties are not my thing, I would rather be in the library or somewhere quiet." Thomas says looking straight at me. I thought we went through this last night."Thomas, we talked about this, it is one night, one night to spent time with our friends, dancing and enjoying ourselves. It is going to be fun." I say picturing it in my mind, Thomas and I dancing next to Marlene, Mary, Alice, and Dorcas. I can't help but start shaking a bit with anticipation. It is like Dorcas said, whether you like it or not the Marauders parties are legendary.Thomas fully turns to face me and says "It might be fun, but it might also be loud, drunk students packed in an extremely small room. I mean do you know anything besides the broom cupboard next to the tapestry of Barnaby the Barmy?" I honestly don't but it is probably a secret room, however, I vaguely remember other parties being thrown in that general area, although I can never remember the room. It is always a marauder letting people in."Thomas, they probably just know a secret room there, I remember vaguely other parties being thrown in a room there. I just don't remember the room exactly. Marauder's parties are always fun, and there is always enough room, food and they always offer non-alcoholic beverages." I say rolling my eyes slightly because he is being a little difficult right now. It is not like I ask him to go to parties every week I asked him to go this once. Plus, I am pretty sure the only reason the Marauders invited him was that he is dating me. So, it would look rude on my part if Thomas didn't go."Fine, if you want to go we will go, but I am telling you we would have had a better time just the two of us in the library or the astronomy tower." He finishes before turning back to his book. I clench my book tightly to avoid retorting out of anger because the last thing I need to do is to shout at him out of anger and to have him change his mind. Instead of doing that I turn my attention back to my book and wait for the teacher to show up.Timeskip to the end of the lessonJust as I suspected this lesson was so fucking boring, just like the last one. Who was right about this guy being an absolutely boring professor, me. He gave us another essay on another important figure in Alchemy. I want to learn helpful or real information about the subject. This class is becoming the history of Alchemy instead of intro to alchemy. I may just have to read ahead, instead of waiting for this guy to actually teach us. At the end of class, I rush to the common room hoping to find my friends. I find most of them, at least the ones who aren't in class sitting around the fire again. I approach them and yell "I was right about Alchemy, the professor was exactly the same."After that I throw my bag down and begin to dance excitedly, I just love being right. "Wow Lily, nice dancing." Marlene says in a teasing voice, with a grin on her face.I don't care I was right, and she can't take that away from me. I continue to dance until Dorcas asks "Are you really about to judge a teacher by two classes?"I stop in my tracks, damn Dorcas, she just has to have flawless logic. But no I was right, he was just as boring as the first time. "He was just as boring as the last time, the same teaching method, the same format for Homework. The class may as well be called history of Alchemy." I explain proudly, take that Dorcas's logic."Yes, Lily you are probably right about the teacher." Alice says, yes Alice agrees with me, I was so right. "But maybe you should at least wait a month before declaring whether he is a bad teacher or not." Alice finishes. I deflate a little. Alice is usually right. I should give the teacher at least a month.Marlene is still laughing at my dance, which makes me laugh because I don't think my dancing was that bad."Marls there was no way my dancing was that bad." I say, looking her dead in the eyes trying to be serious and not burst into a fit of giggles."Lils, if I was able to record your dance and show it to you, you would understand." She explains while continuing to laugh.I look over at Dorcas and Alice and ask "What do you guys think? There is no way my dancing is that funny!"Dorcas and Alice who both had grins the entire time suddenly, burst into fits of giggles. I took that as my answer and started to laugh as well, it was ridiculous.Once we stop laughing Dorcas says "Lily, I think the fact that you have a victory dance for being right says it all." I don't think that it is a real problem, I mean I like to be right sue me."Yeah Lils, I love you but you have an obsession with being right." Alice adds laughing a little bit as she said it."I mean you literally hurried back from class just to say you are right." Marlene finishes, but I don't care, I was right, and I am going to let people know."You might be right Marls, but I don't care. When I am right I want people to know. And when you are right as often as I am, you tend to develop certain habits." I say cheekily, grinning in Marlene's direction.She just rolls her eyes at me before shifting the conversation elsewhere.Timeskip to the DinnerOnce Mary returns from class, we hurry downstairs to get an early dinner to give us enough time to eat and then get dressed for the party.When we get to the great hall, Marlene is looking around, I think for Caderac until she asks "has anyone seen any of the Marauders today I don't think I have seen them once?"Alice says "They probably spent the day celebrating Peter's birthday and setting up the party." She is right I think, although I again wonder if I should mention what I saw last night, but again, for some reason I decide against it.Instead, I say "I saw Potter at breakfast, he rushed in grabbed a couple of pieces of toast before running right back out I say." I look at Marlene and she seems a little calmer, her posture relaxes and she unclenches her fist."Is it me, or does the food suspiciously look like all of Peter's favorites." Mary asks, surprising me because I didn't think she knew that much about Peter.She then adds "We spent time together while the rest of you are in class." Okay, that makes much more sense."Well, I noticed the same thing at breakfast." I say, remembering the dishes I saw at breakfast."Yeah, they probably went to the kitchens and talked the house-elves into doing it." Dorcas adds straight-forwardly."They are about the only students who would befriend every single house-elf in the school." Marlene says laughing causing the rest of us to laugh. "They have probably befriended at least one of each species in Hogwarts and Hogsmeade." This causes us to laugh further imagining the marauders walking into the forbidden forest to see a centaur. Or going to the bottom of the lake to have a picnic with the giant squid.Timeskip to going to the party. The five of us dressed in stylish but comfortable manners, walk down the stairs where Marlene meets her date Caderac. He looks good, dressed up slightly, but like us still in a comfortable manner. The only issue is Frank is standing there holding hands with Shirley, I look over and see Alice looking in any direction but there. She has small tears at the edge of her eyes but she quickly looks away.We leave the common room and find Lawson and Thomas waiting for me and Dorcas. They dressed similarly to Caderac, we take each of their arms before heading to the location of the party, before we can even knock at the designated location, doors open revealing a large open room. Hanging from the ceiling is what looks to be streamers and magical fairy lights. There is a large stage upfront and a large open space for dancing. There seem to be tables set up along the ends with drinks both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. There also seem to be tables littered with different types of food and a big chocolate cake that reads happy birthday Peter. There is a radio blasting music and a group of people already dancing. Finally, there is a group of chairs and couches if people want to rest and sit down. Potter who was the one to open the door says "Welcome to the party, I think you can tell what is what, Peter is set to get here in five minutes, we are going to quickly sing him a happy birthday, but other than that you guys are on your own do what you want." I notice him take a long drink of what I can only assume is alcohol."Wow, this is amazing." Lawson says, who has never actually been to a Marauders party before.Potter claps him on the shoulder and says "thanks chap, glad you like it, it took a while to prepare."Frank leads Potter away and they seem to have a quick conversation before returning to us, with Frank looking surprised but pleased. I wonder what it is about. I look over at Thomas and say "Didn't I tell you this would be awesome, I mean look around." It is truly beautiful, I have no idea where they came up with the idea but I absolutely love it."You were definitely right Lily. Thanks for making me come." He says giving me a quick kiss on the lips. I smile happy that Thomas is finally smiling and enjoying himself.I look over and see Sirius pouring himself a rather large glass of alcohol and ask "Potter, what happens if someone has had too much to drink? How are you going to make sure everyone makes it back to the common room?" I am worried because someone drunk might find it difficult to make it back to their common room.Potter who so far has been looking in my direction as little as possible, which I wonder about but choose to ignore says rather sharply "Don't worry we have designated people from each house who have promised to refrain from drinking too much and will escort people back to their room at the end of the party. Alice and I have already agreed to it for Gryffindor. And don't worry what I am drinking is small and won't have much effect. From Ravenclaw, Tessa and Sophie have agreed to it pointing to two girls in the mix of a conversation with a couple of other boys. From Hufflepuff, Ruby and Holly have agreed to do it pointing to two girls comfortably sitting in chairs. Finally, from Slytherin Alexander and Garrett have agreed to do it pointing to two tall, muscular boys."I am a little shocked by the treatment because for some reason he's mad or doesn't really want to be near me right now.He then continues "Now why don't you guys go in and get ready Peter'll be here soon."We all nod our heads and wander further into the party. Only a couple of minutes later Peter shows up and everyone at the party starts to sing happy birthday. Peter thanks everyone, they cut the cake and everyone eats. After a few chaste conversations and a few drinks, Thomas and I find ourselves dancing on the edge of the dance floor, Dorcas next to us. However, I can't help but notice in the center is Potter dancing with what seems to be all the girls who didn't have dates. I can see him twirling Alice around, putting a huge grin on Alice's face. Soon enough he is dancing with Ruby, then Lucinda. It didn't matter who he was dancing with they were always in the center calling for your attention. It didn't have anything to do with drinks or him trying super hard it was just his general magnetism. Soon enough, he was twirling Peter around causing everyone to laugh. He along with Sirius, Marlene, and Peter are the life of the party making sure that everyone was having fun and enjoying themselves. It just made the day that much more special. I suddenly see Sirius disappear with whoever his date was this year, Marlene following soon after. Instead of letting the party falter, Potter drags Dorcas on stage and summons a guitar, and begins playing a popular wizarding tune. He and Dorcas sing the lyrics causing everyone to jump up and down, raising the energy levels of the party to a new high. At around 11 some of the more studious students start to head back and I can see Potter was right about the chauffeurs. I spend the night dancing, talking, and just enjoying myself with Thomas and my friends. Thomas and I start to head out. I see Alice having a conversation with Potter so I wave goodbye.James POVLily and her boyfriend leave as I am talking to Alice. Man, it was a hard night. I mean I am trying to move on from Lily, but I definitely still have feelings. It was not fun watching her with her boyfriend all night. Specifically when the first thing she does is to question whether we are looking out for everyone's safety as if we are just going to let a bunch of people wander Hogwarts drunk. It's a low bar she has set for us."You still have feelings for her." Alice says, looking me in the eyes with an eyebrow raised as if daring me to say otherwise. Of course. Alice knows, she knows me as well as everyone, but this is not a topic I wanted to go into tonight. Especially because all I want to do is move on from her."How'd you know?" I ask, really curious if it was that obvious."You were trying to avoid them all night, the same thing I was doing with Frank." She says giving me a sympathetic look."What a pair we are. I mean even Mary and Peter danced with the people they liked tonight. And well Marlene and Sirius did a little more than talk." I say pointing out how we failed compared to the rest of our friends.She laughs and says "Right you are. How bout if we are both 40 and single, you and I get married."I laugh and reply "Sure why not, I think we would make a great pair."She nudges me and says "You're awesome, I am awesome so of course, we would."I look over at her and see her still grinning and I grin back. Even though some parts of this night weren't ideal, I still got to spend the night having fun with my best friends. And most importantly Peter was happy. So instead of complaining and feeling sorry for myself, I grab Alice's hand, and still smiling I lead her onto the dance floor to enjoy the final moments of the night.Many of you may find this chapter boring, but I think within it you find important observations about the characters and clues into what happens later on in this book. This chapter also was crucial in showing Lily's dynamic with her friends. I think I already showed the Marauders group, but this one showed Lily's group's dynamic. I also think it is important to represent Peter because he is a marauder and their friend. Finally, Alice and James in this chapter are goals. Now like always please comment, and offer feedback. Thanks again if you are reading this. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to ) Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(Sept. 11-12, 1976)James POVThe weekend is here, it is time to start quidditch training. I head down to the pitch just before the sun rises at around 4:00 am, I told my team to meet me at the pitch at 6:00 am. That gives me ample time to run my workout before everyone gets here. I know the team is going to be cursing and complaining, but it will make a serious impact when the season comes. Plus, I have got this whole thing planned. Granted the team is going to be training 3, 4 hours, today alone, but they will thank me when the time comes. I do my usual routine and then begin to set up. I make sure all the balls are here, I check the order of my boards to show the group our strategies and formations for the season. Finally, I add the schedule which has our schedule for future sessions. We do still need a beater but tryouts can wait. I am thinking of having tryouts two weeks from now but I need to check with the team and Minnie. I also need to ask the team if they want to have a full house try out for backups and replacements. Last year our replacements graduated so if one of us isn't able to play we will be in serious trouble. It is better to have a person lined up and who knows our plays rather than scrambling. As I am setting up the first person to show up is Randall Wood, the person who I think will replace me as Captain when I leave. He is about 15 minutes early and proceeds to get changed without even a hello. I'm pretty sure he is still fast asleep.After changing he faces me and says while yawning "Hey cap, great to see you, can't wait to get started." This really doesn't surprise me, Wood is always punctual, respectful, and rather quiet. Much quieter than the rest of the team. The biggest issue I had with him last year was that he never spoke his mind. Which was a problem because he was able to see the pitch better than most people of his age. However, as the season got longer he spoke up more and more which really benefited the team."Great to see you back and as punctual as always. You are putting the other teammates to shame." I say knowing he is better with positive reinforcements."Well, you are the guy who has been down here for who knows how long. Besides, it is better to be early than late. And last year, these sessions were really helpful so there was no way I was going to miss it." He says enthusiastically with a smile on his face. The guy really doesn't have a fault and has the makings of a star. He always is on the quidditch pitch when he gets the chance and always takes things seriously.Suddenly, two people enter the room, and one of them shouts "Bloody hell James, why the fuck did we have to get up so early, surely we could've started at seven or eight. Are you trying to fucking leave us with no sleep?" I know immediately it is Marlene who shouted this. It is never a good idea to ruin her sleep but I don't really care. I can hear Dorcas who is laughing beside Marlene clearly enjoying the situation."Marlene, you can curse all you want, but not in front of the younger teammates." Dorcas scolds, always the one being proper."I am not a child. This is my second year on the team, I am not even a rookie. It is my second year on the team." Wood shouts clearly trying to sound mature. In reality, everyone on the team treats him like a baby because he is the youngest."Wood, the rule is on the list." I say pointing to the list of rules and regulations. See we have this list of rules and regulations that we make every year, adding to it throughout the season. Since wood didn't like to curse and he was in the third year, Frank added don't swear in front of wood to the list. There are also things like Don't wake up Marlene if she is napping. Don't piss me off, or I'll make you do extra laps. Or don't anger Dorcas or she'll hex you. Last year's list is still up, so it still technically applies."But that was last year's list and I am a year older." Wood complains clearly hoping not to be treated as the baby anymore."Whatever you say Wood, you are still the youngest." Dorcas says ruffling his hair just to anger him a little more. We all have a good team relationship, so I am not worried about a little teasing. Marlene who was clearly getting changed, storms back to the main room and is still grumbling about how I am being completely ridiculous making everyone wake up this early."Morning Motherfuckers." Mason calls, who despite the early hour seems wide awake. In all fairness, he is always awake. He never stops moving and is never tired."Mason remember the rules." Dorcas calls, clearly mentioning the same rule as before."Oh my bad, I forgot not to swear in front of Itty bitty Wood. How's our wittle baby brother?" He says walking over to Wood. Wood proceeds to tackle him to the ground and the two of them begin to play fight with one and another.Marlene who during this whole exchange was trying to take a nap I think, becomes disturbed by the noise. She starts shouting "WILL YOU SHUT UP SOME OF US ARE TRYING TO SLEEP." Both boys begin to pale and quickly mutter an apology.The last to arrive is Frank who is humming a cheerful tune. He greets everyone with a wide grin, and he is bold enough to walk over to Marlene and nudge her awake. He gets changed quickly and it is now time to begin our workout. I take them on a run around the Forbidden Forest making them sing an outrageously terrible song."Hey Marlene pick up the pace, I know you're faster than that. 2 laps around the quidditch pitch for whoever comes in last. COME ON FASTER GUYS." I shout trying to push them to run faster. We arrive at the pitch and I check my watch to see everyone's time. I walk over to the list of times each person ran last year at the beginning of the year. There seems to be an improvement in everyone's time so I decide against punishing anyone with extra laps.I say "Great job guys you all did better than you did last year, which is great. Now I want to go into the formations and strategies we're going to be using this year. After that, we are going to bring the balls out and head to the pitch."I hear a groan from both Marlene and then Mason, who even after the run is bouncing up and down on his feet. The rest seem to be satisfied or at least interested in what I have planned. I lead them back into the central room of our change room. I lead them through the various formations and tactics I plan to use this season. We talk it through as a group making various adjustments. After an hour of discussing plays and tactics, we have about an hour left in the session. So, I tell the team it is time to mount our brooms. I mount my Nimbus 900 after releasing the balls and the practice begins. The chasers attack the keeper, working through the formations we just went over. The beater is trying to hit us with bludgers while the seeker is trying to catch the snitch. After an hour of training, we finish up and put the balls back in their cases. We laugh and joke until I show them their schedule."So every Saturday, Tuesday, and Thursday we will be holding training. Two weeks from today I want to hold tryouts. Now, do you want to do a whole house tryout looking for a beater and the replacements in case someone gets injured or just a beater? I ask because really it is up to them."I think it might be better to have tryouts for both a beater and the replacements as it would be better for them to know our moves." Wood says, surprising me a bit that he was willing to speak up but glad he isn't returning to his old ways."Yeah Woods right, better be prepared than unprepared." Frank adds."Is anyone oppose?" I ask the group."Since no one is opposed then that's what we will do. Now we're done you are free until Tuesday. I will ask Minnie next time we see her about tryouts, does that sound good." I finish and watch as everyone but Marlene and Dorcas quickly file out. They wait as I clean up the last of everything before we walk back to the castle."Are you going to go grab breakfast or head to bed?" Dorcas asks Marlene and me. I will probably grab breakfast I am hungry and I can never sleep after Quidditch.Marlene clearly has other ideas as she says "I am going to head to bed since this monster made me wake up before 9 am." I roll my eyes, she has complained enough, and she will thank me when the extra training helps us win the cup."I am going to breakfast if you want to join." I say to Dorcas.She shrugs and says "sure."We head to the great hall.Time skip to after breakfastWe make our way back to the common room where we find Sirius and the rest of the marauders sitting doing homework."Prongs please don't tell me you were torturing your quidditch team for this long. I mean when I saw Marlene grumbling about a crazy person, I was hoping it wasn't you." Padfoot says while giving a look that says I am crazy."Please Padfoot, you know as well as I do, that I don't lose when it comes to quidditch so how about you don't question my methods. You know I am an amazing captain." I reply because my methods work and were proven last year when we went undefeated on our way to the cup.He rolls his eyes at me along with the other Marauders "I see that your confidence certainly hasn't lessened over the summer." Remus adds."Or your enthusiasm." Peter finishes, it's like everyone doesn't want to win or something. To win we need to put in the effort."Hey Wormtail, Hey Moony, just wait till after the season then you won't be so negative." I say back."How about you spend a fraction of the time you spent on Quidditch on your Homework. I mean you still have charms, DADA, and potions which is due on Monday and Tuesday." Remus says, always making sure we do our homework. I groan but go upstairs and grab my potions and charms work. I should get it done today. So that is how I spend the next couple of hours scribbling away on my homework occasionally asking Moony for some help.Timeskip to DinnerSo at dinner in the Great Hall, we sit down as a group, the nine of us together for the first time today."Today has been so boring, we haven't even done anything." Padfoot whines, always wanting to be apart of something exciting.Evans seems to roll her eyes at that and says "Sirius, you don't need to prank or throw a party every weekend.""That's where you are wrong Evans, we need to do something, otherwise the energy builds up, and then we explode." Padfoot replies whining so much that Remus decides to put him out of his misery."Don't worry Padfoot, we will come up with something to do tonight that'll make things interesting." Remus says rolling his eyes, hoping to calm Padfoot down.Seeming satisfied he returns to wolfing down his food as quickly as possible."Wow Sirius, you really have the attention span and behavior of a dog." Marlene says looking at him in disgust. Unknowingly she had just made a hilarious joke causing all us Marauders to laugh.All the girls look at us confused. "Why are you guys laughing?" Mary asks sounding completely confused."Inside joke don't worry about it." I say casually since I know Lily is already too curious about our comings and goings.They shrugged and went back to eating."Besides Marls you already know that you love me." Sirius adds winking. Marlene rolls her eyes at him."Since when, I'll have you know I have slightly better standards than you." Marlene jokes."You have standards. What is it, male mildly good-looking, because the number of guys who have matched your standards can fill most of this table? Sirius says joking as well.Marlene faked gasps pretending to be mad before bursting into laughter "Sirius Black are you really going at me about standards. When your standards are literally just human and breathing."Sirius rolls his eyes and asks with a raised eyebrow "You are forgetting to add attractive to that list. Only the best of the best can get with me. And please tell me how I don't match your standards?""Well for one, your hair isn't good enough, two you don't look good enough, three your flirtation skills suck. So I would say you definitely aren't up to my standards." She replies looking Sirius up and down with a fake disgusted look. It is a lie because everyone knows Sirius is a flirt, a good one, rather handsome, and perfect hair."HOW DARE YOU? HOW DARE YOU? I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW MY HAIR IS PERFECT! PRONGS ARE YOU HEARING THIS SHE INSULTED MY HAIR! BACK ME UP PRONGS." Padfoot shouts. I am trying to hold in my laughter because Padfoot is overreacting although everyone knows not to insult Padfoot's hair.Marlene just starts laughing and continuing to laugh. But Padfoot isn't done "And I will have you know that you definitely don't meet my standards. Not good-looking enough. Not to mention the way you dress is trashy?" Now, this is Marlene's weak point, everyone knows not to insult her fashion."OH YOU ARE SO GOING DOWN BLACK, YOU KNOW MY FASHION IS FLAWLESS. LILY TELL HIM MY FASHION IS FLAWLESS!" Marlene shouts at Sirius.At this point, all of us are laughing because this is just hilarious seeing Padfoot and Marlene riling each other up. I don't know why, but it is funny. We all know deep down they are joking with each other.Marlene looks at Sirius and says pretending to be serious "Well, I am just going to go elsewhere where my fashion is acceptable. Maybe Caderac likes what I wear." As she gets up she gives a wink to Sirius.Padfoot matching her gets up and says "While I will go find Reagan and see if she likes my hair."The two of them burst out laughing before sitting back down. They are so similar that it is kinda scary.Timeskip to after DinnerWe get back to the common room, Padfoot tells us he wants to go exploring or to play a game. I exchange a look with Remus, when Padfoot is this excited it is never good. Moony then says "Padfoot we know we have to work on that project tonight, and we have some leftover firewhiskey upstairs.""We have leftover firewhiskey, I am all in." Sirius says running up the stairs.Hopefully, the firewhiskey will calm him down because right now he is seriously energetic. We get upstairs and find Sirius already drinking a cup of Firewhiskey. We play games of wizard chess, gobstones, and exploding snap to pass the time. Sirius and Peter drinking Firewhiskey, while Remus and I work on the dreamless sleep potion, hoping to have it done after this weekend. All that is left is for the potion to simmer. So we look at the other two who aren't two drunk and ask do you guys want to explore the castle. Being the board students that we are, we decide to go explore the castle. The 9th floor is the floor we've spent the least amount of time on, so we go casting various spells to see if we can find a new passage or to just find a new secret room. We have been doing this for years, and over the years we have a system now that usually works for finding hidden secrets."Moony, Prongs I think I found something." Padfoot calls way too loudly. He is running over to get us along with Wormtail until they crash into a suit of armor. We know we are screwed now as we can hear Filch's footsteps running this way."Padfoot, are you fucking serious right now." Moony shouts angrily, I mean it was a rookie move from him.But we definitely underestimated how drunk Sirius really was because he replies "How can I fuck myself." Stopping in his tracks as if to think about it."This is really not the time." I say running back to grab Padfoot and drag him with us.Moony who is checking the map says "He'll be here soon, take the short cut behind the picture and we should be able to beat him back to the common room." After taking the short cut we make our way back to the common room without getting in trouble. We head back to our room. While we were walking Remus smacks Padfoot on the back of the head, just to let him know he is an idiot, which I can't help but agree."Did you guys really find a new passageway?" I ask unable to tone down my curiosity.Moony joins with the map and says to Wormtail "point it out on the map." Wormtail points to a part of the map that must have been a new secret passage since it wasn't on there. Moony and I exchange a nod and we begin to plan our next excursion which would mean visiting this location.Lily's POVI head down to breakfast as usual joining everyone but Marlene since she doesn't like to get up early and is still tired from yesterday. I don't have a lot to do today but my charms essay. It really won't be that difficult because it is my best subject along with Potions. The topic itself is pretty interesting, we need to talk about how casting charms non-verbally change the process. It isn't that big of a deal except it takes mental focus to perfect the spell. I still find it fun to learn about the differences. It is a really interesting topic. I will write it in the library later today. As a group, we head outside after breakfast since Mary wanted a chance to draw the forbidden forest. I pull out my book for a little bit getting lost within the pages of the muggle book. I look up and find Potter, Sirius, Marlene, Dorcas, and Peter playing in the lake. Alice is playing with the flowers looking at the different varieties. She seems lost in thought. Her posture is thick and she isn't really looking at the flowers. She is just walking aimlessly like she doesn't care where she is. She is twitching and her fingers are fiddling with the flowers. She is biting on her lower lip. She has been like this every since Friday. I think I should go over and talk to her. She is really starting to worry me. She looks seriously anxious about something. Mary on the other hand is happily humming to herself while drawing a very detailed picture of me. I smile it is a very good likeness. The picture of me looks great."This is great Mary, I can't believe you managed to draw this so well." I say because truly the drawing was perfect."Glad you liked it lils, do you want the picture." Mary says offering it to me."Course I do, it would be perfect to put in the dorm room. You are such a good artist Mary. I love this." I say taking the picture carefully hoping not to damage it too much.I walk over to Alice "Hey Ali, are you okay, you seem to have been spacing out a lot more since Friday." Which was true, she seems to be thinking about a lot of things."I am fine Lily, I was just thinking about a couple of things and some conversations I had." Alice says brushing it off as usual. She isn't one to share her feelings or even acknowledge them. She is shifting her weight from one foot to another and her fingers haven't stop twitching which is telling me she is hiding something."Are you sure, this isn't about Frank is it?" I ask questioningly because it usually is a sore spot."No, it isn't about Frank, not everything is about him you know!" She snaps angrily. Turning to glare at me, her fingers stopping for the first time in days. Why is she so mad, why won't she just tell me?"Alice please, I am not trying to anger you or push you, I am just worried about you." I say while approaching her slowly. I hope she knows that she is currently worrying me."It is just my mom, she is sick right now and my dad's not too sure about it. If he loses her I am not sure what he is going to do. It would crush him." Alice says with tears finally forming in her eyes.Oh my god, her mom, Alice, and her mom are super close and it would crush her if she died. Her dad also works a fair bit to make sure their family gets by. It would kill him to lose her, and I am not sure he would recover afterward. I don't say anything since Alice isn't the best when it comes to sharing her feelings. Instead, I just hug her tightly and just hold her until she finally calms down a little bit."You know whatever happens you are going to have all of us behind you right." I say because I know every one of her friends will be there for her.She smiles weakly before saying "I know and thank you.""If anything and I mean anything needs to be done I can help." I tell her filling my voice with seriousness, and squeezing her to tell her that I mean everything I say.She nods and says "Just can you not tell the others yet, I just don't want to deal with a million questions right now.I nod telling her I understand.Timeskip to later that dayI am heading to the library. I just need a break right now. It is terrible, a good person like Alice's Mom gets ill and can't afford the treatment. Innocent people who don't have magical parents are being killed and injured and no one seems to do anything. Why does everything have to be so dark? Why does this world have to be so cruel? Good, Innocent people are dying, and yet no one wants to do anything. This is why I want to be a healer. I wasn't completely sure heading into this year, but I want to help people like Alice's mom. Help those who can't help themselves. I grab the books I am going to need to finish my charms homework. But I can't begin to read. All the sad and dark thoughts passing through my hands. I squeeze the books hard trying to control my rising frustration. Why? Why is everything so fucked up? I am sure my face is bright red right now with anger. I am slightly shaking, I just wish I could focus on more happy thoughts. I need to get this essay done, but surely there is something I can do. But how can I? I mean with every passing day more people think I don't belong in this world. I am starting to wonder if I don't. I mean if I didn't come to Hogwarts, my parents and my sister would still understand me. I could actually speak up about something without having someone calling me a mudblood. I could walk freely without looking over my shoulders. I could feel safe every day without worrying about an attack. I wouldn't worry about my parents or my family, or be concerned about an upcoming war. Why couldn't I just be normal? I could make such a difference. I slam the book on the table in frustration receiving a glare from Madame Pince. Oh, go away you horrible woman. Focus, you need to get this done, you need to become a healer so you can help people. Come on focus damn it. I start to write my essay but I really can't focus. But then someone pulls up a chair next to me."Hey Lily, how are things going?" Remus Lupin asks while looking at my work."Not great it seems." He continues taking out his own notes."I am fine, just having trouble focusing." I say, trying to push away his curiosity."Come on Lily, don't give me that. What seriously is troubling you?" He says in a voice filled with caring and concern."I just... Do you ever feel like you don't belong?" I ask, he is a werewolf so maybe he will understand."Yes sometimes, I mean the way people look and treat me when they find out who I really am, it makes me feel horrible like I am a monster. I know you know Lily. You are too smart not too." Remus says truthfully, I am surprised he knows this when really I shouldn't be surprised he always knows everything."Oh, I didn't say anything because I didn't want things to be awkward and I didn't want things to be different between us." I say, hoping he doesn't think I didn't mention it because I think he is a monster."I know Lily, I know you would never judge me, but we were talking about you. Are you feeling like you don't belong?" Remus asks turning the conversation back to me."Yes, I mean all those Purebloods want me dead and it is becoming increasingly dangerous to be a muggleborn even just at school. There are so many people who want to see me dead. I want to stop feeling scared. To be able to do something without being called a mudblood. I wish sometimes I didn't have magic." I say avoiding his eyes, feeling ashamed of my weakness."Lily, you are forgetting the most important part of the journey. Your friends. Are you telling me, meeting Marlene, Alice, Mary, and Dorcas isn't worth all the abuse?" Remus asks."They are definitely worth it but sometimes especially with Marlene, Alice, and Dorcas that I am causing them more danger than anything else. I am making them blood traitors, aren't I?" I say, because without me Marlene, Alice, and Dorcas wouldn't be at a risk. They wouldn't be targets. They wouldn't align with the Purebloods but surely they wouldn't be looking to fight after school."You can't think like that Lily. I know if you spoke to them they don't and would never change anything. They care about you Lily. Trust me I know how you feel, I have felt like that every single day for years. But guess what, every time I feel that way, James, Sirius, and Peter, remind me just how important I am to them. Lily, you belong here, you have made friends here and you shouldn't regret it." Remus says looking me in the eyes with a ferocious and desperate look.I think about all he says and it is helpful. I trust Remus and I am calmer, but I can't help but disagree. I still think my friends would be better off without me. I want to make a difference but I don't think I can as a muggleborn. But maybe, all I can do is fight. I try to shake off all the horrible thoughts. I turn to Remus who is still giving me this hard look as if he wants me desperately to understand how important I am.I turn to face him and in an attempt to placate him say "I know I don't regret the friends I made, I really wouldn't trade them for the world. Most importantly I wouldn't trade you. You're my brother Remus and my best friend. I wouldn't give you up for everything."He nods, his body relaxing and a small smile forming on his face, and says "Now let's get this charms homework done."Okay, so another chapter is done, although again you might find it boring but I find this is an important chapter. It shows Lily's mental state and how quickly she can spiral with a single negative thought. I think it also highlights Remus and Lily's friendship which has currently been lacking in this book. Also, it starts the quidditch season and I wanted to show how a team dynamic really works because I really know what it feels like to be on a team and how close of a bound you can really form. It is also an introduction to a further quidditch storyline which will start soon. I also was able to add small hints of Blackinnon if you read the story. As always please vote, and offer feedback. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to ) Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

Harry really hated the sea.He hated its smell, he hated its seeming endlessness, he hated its boring, bland uniformity, and he especially hated its ever-so nauseating sway.The cell was appalling. He could barely make out the minuscule droplets of water dripping steadily from the rotting, creaking boards of the ceiling. The putrid smell of mould and mildew was threatening only to further heighten his nausea.A sudden, sharp jolt of the ship brought him back to his senses.He was a prisoner, wandless, on a ship going who-knows-where, overseen by an obnoxious rabble of muggle military men speaking a language he didn't understand, and trapped with seemingly no chance of avoiding his unpleasant fate.Perhaps, in retrospect, undertaking a mission to the continent at this time was a guarantee that he would land himself in trouble—he was perfectly aware that the French wizards had been stirring up a bit of a fiasco with the muggles—and perhaps, in retrospect, it was a bit of a miscalculation to arrive in the Netherlands very obviously as a wizard without speaking the slightest word of Dutch. But still, go where he will, do what he must, spontaneous plans had always been his forte.It was quite a bit of a surprise, then, when he was surrounded by a cluster of drab grey and detained. He'd already been carted to and fro by rabbles of muggle military men for two months. His new beard was starting to scratch quite annoyingly, let alone the mess of blood and grime that matted the top of his head. He didn't really think of himself as a dandy, but the unbearable filth of his hair was only exacerbated by the extent of which he was forced to degrade himself.He had been starved, beaten, starved, beaten again, and unceasingly interrogated about the "esoteric secrets" of Revolutionary France. He didn't think he looked French, gave off any indication of being French, or displayed any of their infinite arrogance and disdain (perhaps he might have done), but his captors were assured of the fact that he was every bit as French as the now headless King of France's loafers.Perhaps it might have had to do with the fact that he only spoke English and French, and that he might have introduced himself in French to the soldiers at the Amsterdam port. Perhaps it might also have been because he was clearly magical, and perhaps, seeing as the French currently had the only statute-defying wizards in the world, the Dutch presumed that magic was inherently French. Perhaps he should have realized that the coalition soldiers would immediately arrest any person who spoke French. Granted, he didn't think he was that conspicuous. Yes, he was a bit distracted by his attempts at removing the pigeon excrement frustratingly stuck to his broom, but surely the soldiers patrolling the streets shouldn't have automatically assumed that a perfectly mundane-looking broomstick would be a clear indication of his magical nature.His explanations that no, he was certainly not French and no, he was certainly not here to spy—perhaps he was—but definitely not for the French had resulted only in increased beatings from his interrogators.The French magical community, in all their wisdom, had decided to overturn a century of established order from the Statute of Secrecy. Why that was, Harry wasn't exactly sure. Quite a few years had passed since that initial surprise, and he still didn't really understand.And he didn't want to understand. He couldn't really find any drive in him to sympathise. They found it boring that they couldn't go outside without mildly inconveniencing themselves by dressing as muggles, they found it boring that they couldn't use spells amongst muggles, they found it boring that they couldn't wear colourful robes: those were too obviously magical, and they found it boring as well they couldn't even wear expensive robes: those were also too obviously magical. Of course, they didn't understand that a bit of boredom was a fairly reasonable exchange for the security and survival of magical world.Nevertheless, feeling oppressed, they revolted.He wasn't ever supposed to be at all directly involved in this conflict. He was a nobleman's son, not a fighter, not a leader, and for Merlin's sake barely even a diplomat. It had absolutely nothing to do with him that a bunch of stuck-up wizards decided to overturn their perfectly prosperous century of stability. It made absolutely no sense whatsoever that they, the completely uninvolved magicals from the other side of the channel would need to shoulder so much of the responsibility of remedying this absurd fiasco.The ship lurched violently, abruptly becoming uncharacteristically silent. The swaying stopped; the musky air of his cell was eerily still. He basked in the silence.A flurry of enraged shouts suddenly resonated from the upper decks, penetrating the stillness. Harry blinked. He wasn't sure if his knowledge of the Dutch language was that out of touch, but he could have sworn that he'd heard the word "cavalry" in the midst of the chaos. He wouldn't think much of it anyway, there was not any doubt in his mind that there was some sort of attack taking place. If there was any correct time to attempt his escape, it would be now—even if he had to swim across the entire North Sea.He frantically began to scour his surroundings for any possible means of escape. It really was disgustingly rancid here. He scrunched his nose in disgust, continuing to scan the cell for anything at all that could be of help.A tiny glimmer of reflected lantern light caught his attention. He could probably just break his way out directly, the guards didn't seem to be posted near him anymore, he remarked, channelling his magic in his attempt at undoing the extremely muggle padlock clasped onto the entrance. It was quite funny, he never would have thought his seemingly redundant ability to do simple spells without his wand would actually come into a real, practical use. Then again, he never would have thought he would ever have been parted from his wand.The lock unclasped; the door creaked open. There wasn't a single indication of life in the corridor. His wand, however, was waiting for him somewhere in the ship. Attempting to minimise his presence, he carefully trod through the ship's narrow corridors in search of his beloved eleven inches of holly and phoenix feather, paying deliberate attention not to make the slightest noise.The air was piercingly cold, but Daphné felt none of it. She shouldn't have, after all, it was all her doing.The only thing she could really feel was triumph as she gleefully rode alongside the ranks of the Revolutionary Army into Den Helder. She would never have admitted it, but she was almost astonished that the Dutch campaign had managed to pass so smoothly.She brought her horse up to the colonel."Are the regiments in position? We won't have much time to spare after I cast the spell.""Don't be so hasty Mademoiselle Daphné," the colonel remarked, unnaturally calm, "Impatience is not befitting of a woman of your status."Refraining from formulating a response, she gritted her teeth, gnawing on the inside of her cheek. The air was already intoxicatingly rife with victory.The soft pats of the covered hooves were becoming all too grating. They were just a stone's throw away from victory, a tiny nudge towards being one step closer to achieving their ultimate goal. Soon, the Dutch wizarding community would be able to join their French compatriots in their open existence alongside the muggles.Daphné felt for the small locket tucked below her collar, softly smiling as she detected the textured bump. Her mother had taught her to be proud. She would never defer to any other person, and she would never think of herself as anything but perfect. The idea that she was forced to hide this perfection, this pride from the vast majority of the world had always greatly unsettled her. At Beauxbâtons, she could never understand just how all of her peers were content with sitting there, hidden from the greater world, hidden from attaining their full potentials.She scoffed. Her peers still could not understand how monumental these passing events were. When the Civil Constitution of the Clergy was passed, she rejoiced, proud to be free from a century of oppression, proud to be liberated from her restrictions. Most others, instead, used it as an opportunity to frolic about, creating unnecessary chaos that only served to be a detriment to their cause.Daphné wasn't one to complain, however. She just couldn't believe she was at the forefront of all this.The icy wind blew across her face. The satisfaction of her impending triumph was unbearably close. Each gallop of her horse, each shout from the officers served only to increasingly frustrate her. They had received word from the Dutch muggles that they had captured one of the French wizards. Daphne scoffed. How exactly they expected that would make them acquiesce was beyond her.A deep voice from behind drew her from her thoughts."Ready when you are, Mademoiselle." The colonel drew his horse to a stop.Her fingers tingled with anticipation; her trusty laurel wand unnaturally warm. Her horse, seemingly sensing her trepidation, halted at the shoreline.The bay was calm, tranquil, undisturbed by the turmoil ravaging the country, its waters nearly as still as ice. Daphné scowled at that thought, nearly was not going to be in any way enough. She shut her eyes, feeling the familiar sensation of her magic in her wand. Tendrils of white mist began to slowly manifest from her wand, penetrating the chilly air in coiled spirals. The unreserved commotion of the battalions suddenly ceased, blanketing the entire area with a suffocating silence.She opened her eyes to observe her success. A deafening crack resounded across the bay, disrupting the silence. The calm, tranquil waters seemed to freeze in place, bringing the before waving masts in the distance to a standstill. It was all rather peaceful, serene even.Pandemonium erupted in an instant in the otherwise quiet port. Waves of cavalrymen rushed into formation, storming across the newly formed ice with apparent ease. Daphné let out a breath of relief. Her spell had worked considerably better than she'd expected.She sighed, bringing her horse forward into the ranks. She still had an obligation—to rescue some incompetent cretin from some nefarious situation brought about by their own wrongdoing. Really, could it have been that difficult not to be captured by muggles?Her trusted steed steadily traversed the ice, conspicuously clopping its hooves across the frozen surface. The frosted peaks of the warships' masts began to shimmer into view, the details becoming finer as she gradually broke through the murky haze.The Admiraal Piet Heyn was majestic, or it would have been if it were not for the near total darkness of the winter night. It was beautiful nonetheless, Daphné thought, observing the moonlight's shimmer off the frosted hull. She disembarked from her horse, taking heed on the slippery surface. She calmed, the air around her blurring as she gracefully ascended the upper decks of the ship, softly touching down onto the frigid planks of the top deck.She hesitated, carefully descending into the lower decks. Head high, she briskly made her way towards the stern of the ship in search of any clues to aid her search. The door was ornate, Daphné remarked, tastelessly exuberant.Drawing her wand into her hand, she summoned her magic, the door steadily creaking open. She stared, gaping at the mop of horridly messy hair before her, the owner's horridly uneven complexion and more importantly—what was surely a wand that he seemed to be clutching.Her nostrils flared with indignation."Just who exactly are you supposed to be?"Harry couldn't believe his luck.He had managed to sneak through the entirety of the ship without being noticed by any of his muggle captors. It really was a fluke of luck, save the fact that his wand was nowhere to be found.The narrow corridors were becoming oppressive; the walls seemed to be pressing in on him, becoming closer and closer with each step he took. The ship was seemingly endless, each ladder leading to another, each corridor only serving as an extension of another. His nausea threatened to overwhelm him as he stumbled through the decaying planks in search for his wand. He hesitated momentarily and painfully hit a final, ornate door.The light reflecting off of the brass handle was almost blinding, the detailed images on the carvings threatened to jump out at him. Harry halted, momentarily deliberating. Shaking, he placed his hand on the cold metal, pushing open the door with surprising difficulty.It was obnoxiously swanky, in the centre of the back wall stood a portrait of a rather plump man with an oddly distinct chin. A meticulously carved desk was planted in the middle, with brass-handled drawers begging to be opened and searched. The walls were lined with shelving, its contents separating themselves from Harry with uncharacteristically luminous panes of glass.For quite some time, he rummaged through the room, searching through every nook in every drawer of the desk, his frustration only increasing as he continued to no prevail.He took an upwards glance at the clock fixed on the wall. It struck midnight, the shouts from outside only increasing in volume. There—behind the glass—in the shelving, a familiar rod of holly was inconspicuously resting, further enticing him to reach forward and grab it, to relieve his frustration.The transparent pane swung out before him, lightly creaking on its hinge. His arm extended; his hand outstretched, relaxing as he closed onto the familiar warmth.A familiar grinding noise sounded from behind, forcing him to knock his knees against the unnecessarily sharp edge of the desk in his surprise. A decidedly feminine voice filled the room."Just who exactly are you supposed to be?" A strong smell of lavenders penetrated his nose.His wand flew out of his hand. Alarmed, he sharply turned around, again colliding with the edge of the desk.A sudden cold burst caused him to shiver. An immaculately dressed woman stood before him, twirling his holly wand in her hand. She looked young, about the same age as him, but carried herself with significantly more maturity. Her expression seemed to exude confidence, her refined symmetry radiating a sense of condescension.His limbs froze into place, and he collapsed onto the hard planks."It would be rather nice if you answered my question." The woman demanded annoyedly, stepping towards him. His wand continued to weave in between her fingers.Harry faltered, putting his best effort into avoiding her piercing gaze. Her blue eyes were frighteningly bright."I said," the woman restated, now holding the wand tightly, pointing it at him, "Would you please answer my question?""Vernon Dudley.""Don't. Lie." She gritted through her teeth, eyes narrowing.Harry recoiled. "I'm Harry Potter, the muggles on this ship took me. Now, would you please return my wand and unbind me?""From where?""England. I was with the Ministry of Magic."She shut her eyes momentarily, sighing. "As strong as my desire is to never see you again, you're in all likelihood just a bit too valuable."She levitated him into the air, leading him through the now strangely liberating bowels of the ship and onto the top deck, unceremoniously dropping him onto the cold, hard surface."What use am I to you anyway?""You wouldn't understand.""I'm not moving an inch without an explanation.""You don't have a choice."He was again lifted into the air, slowly and steadily gliding towards the edge of the deck. The ice underneath was illuminated by the torchlight of the cavalrymen. He looked back at the woman, making out the outlines of her face in the dim light."Who are you?"Refraining from formulating an answer, she released her spell, unceremoniously dropping him onto the back of her horse.A/N: I had originally written this for a story competition on the DarkLordPotter forums, and meant to extend it into a more expansive AU. I guess this is the point where I'm finally getting around it.

Daphné was annoyed.Her time of triumph should have been… well… triumphant. Instead, she was advancing towards the general with this imbecile tied to the back of her horse."I've taken a prisoner." She descended from her horse, gesturing towards the haggard-looking man still conjoined to her steed.The general began to respond. "Surely you must have a better reason for…""He's a wizard." Daphné cut him off."And naturally, Mademoiselle Daphné, he would clearly be your responsibility, no?"She briskly turned on her heel and re-mounted her horse, releasing an exacerbated sigh, leading her steed towards the glazed beach, away from the commotion of the lingering soldiers."Nice to meet you too Mademoiselle Daphné." An obscenely grating voice rang from behind her.She scowled, disembarking onto the snow with a light crunch."Might as well get to know each other."Daphné pursed her lips, drawing her wand into her hand. A loud crack reverberated through the air, brusquely launching him through the ice and into the cold, salty depths.She released a long, drawn-out breath she didn't know she'd been holding. The water before her bubbled, giving way to an annoying familiar mop of black hair."You could just let me go, you know." He'd managed to climb back onto the bank, significantly shivering."That would be too logical, Potter." Daphné glanced down at the soaking man."It's cold.""Presumably so, yes.""Will you at least warm me up?""I can't."They rode with the army for quite some time, traversing the expansive, flat countryside. The landscape was entirely white, buried under a heavy layer of snow, its vast expanse becoming dreadfully suffocating."Why don't you use a broom?" Her prisoner had again decided to speak.Reminded of lavish excess of the wizards back home, she furrowed her brow, concentrating on following the procession in front of her. He really was grating. "Horses are… more refined, Potter. Not that you would know.""These ropes are awfully uncomfortable, you know."Daphné refrained from answering.Her prisoner had been unconscious for quite a stretch of time when the convoy eventually came to a halt at the edge of an almost picturesque village, completely devoid of life, vacated in light of the passing armies. The commotion soon erupted, a makeshift camp quickly erecting out of the previously barren field."We are not staying in one of those tents." Daphné descended from her horse, shooting a stinging hex at her prisoner, rousing him with a sharp jolt.A sluggish voice slurred in response. "Why not? They sound quite comfortable.""Because, crétin," Daphné retorted, leading her horse towards the village street, "One of us hasn't degraded themselves to spending months in a prison cell."With the sun slowly escaping, she soon brought them to a stop before a small cottage. The windows did not emit a single ray of light, its stone walls weathered by years of harsh winters."If you told me this was here I might not have been so reluctant." Her detainee was now freshly alert, restrained on the horse, with his back straightened."You shouldn't question me, Potter. It's for your own good. Get inside.Potter momentarily struggled on his bindings. "I think I might be having a bit of difficulty doing that."The cottage was quite nice by muggle standards, Daphné presumed. She almost felt bad for the muggle family that had abandoned it. There were beds with soft straw mattresses and scratchy linen sheets, a woodstove covered with a layer of grime from years of heavy use, a surprisingly gorgeous dark wood table, and mercifully, a large wooden bathtub. She lightly crinkled her nose but refrained from expressing her grievances. It was all remediable.With a light flick of her wand, the tub transformed, the rough, dark wood smoothing out into a brilliant white porcelain. A pool of water steadily rose to its rims, bubbling with soap suds."You," Daphné started, grimacing at her reluctant companion, "will be getting rid of that awful stench of yours."Harry was momentarily taken aback, but he didn't hesitate, immediately stripping off his torn and tattered rags, flinging them onto the layer of dust settled on the ground. The water sloshed as he lowered himself into the bath. He began to shiver; the water was disturbingly cold."It's freezing." He chattered through his teethDaphné spoke distractedly from the corner, transfiguring the scratchy linens into soft silk. "I can't exactly do anything to fix that."Harry groaned, stretching back onto the cold porcelain, immediately recoiling. He struggled for an instant to channel his magic, the warmth tingling in his fingers. He collapsed, drained, resigned towards the unbearably cold state of his bath.It was steaming when he passed out, exhausted.The water was still warm when Harry woke.He struggled to open his eyes, stuck together by a layer of discharge, making way to a soft candlelight. The windows were now pitch black, with his own weathered face reflected off of the lustrous glass. He reached for his face, finding it uncomfortably sore. It was uncharacteristically smooth; all traces of that horrid beard were vanished.He looked across the room at his companion, her blonde hair tied in a tidy plait, her blue eyes almost black in the tint. He paused to reflect on his situation, letting out a light, incredulous laugh. He'd been liberated from months of horrid mistreatment by his supposed allies and forced into the hands of an enemy who would, in all likelihood, remove his head cleanly off his shoulders.He wasn't sure which one he preferred.The bath was quite comfortable—no, scratch that—heavenly. He revelled in the warm, soapy water as he scraped the sedimentary layers of dirt and grime off of his skin. His muscles relaxed; his soreness temporarily relieved by the warmth of the water and the feeling of his now unblemished skin on the smooth porcelain of the tub.He continued to gaze at his captor, slightly mesmerised by the ripples in her gown, the intricacy of her plait, the slight furrow of her brow as she was paused in deliberation. He attempted to muster the strength to speak, the words struggling to escape his mouth."I'm stuck with you, aren't I?" His voice was raspy, the mucus trapping his speech."For the time being, yes." She spoke dismissively, sitting on the edge of the bed, toying with a silver locket in her hand, opening and closing it arbitrarily. It was quite beautiful reflected in the candlelight, the ornate carvings encapsulating the room with a pattern of stars.They sat there for quite some time, the bath eventually becoming lukewarm in the chilly room. Harry sighed, the temporary comfort had left, leaving nothing but his continually increasing sense of dread.Deciding not to remain domicile, he began to lift himself out of the tub, wincing as he exposed his aching muscles and sores to the chilly air. He gently placed a foot on the strangely lustred wood flooring, shrinking it away as he came into contact with the cold surface. Slightly mortified, he spoke."Euh… Mademoiselle…" Harry flushed slightly, stilted, "Would you mind, y'know, getting me a bit of clothing?"She gently turned her head towards him, immediately averting her eyes at the sight presented before her. Harry wasn't sure whether or not it was out of embarrassment or disgust. Slightly fumbling with her wand, she hastily conjured a laced linen shirt and breeches, banishing it in his general direction.Tripping over himself, he caught the freshly formed garments in his arms, hurriedly dressing, painfully suppressing the shivers that threatened to overwhelm him. Fully clothed, he made his way over to the second bed, collapsing onto the soft silk. It smelled familiarly of lavenders.His eyes were steadily fixated onto the dark, rough beams of the roof. His companion's delicate, drawn-out breaths resounded in the silence, puncturing the quiet, cool air in the cottage. He decided to interrupt this peace."Why do you do this? This entire mess—it's just so grating. Everything's gone to Merlin-knows-where, and there's no end in sight. I'm tired of it." He sat up, leaning against the wall.Daphné shut her eyes. "It's much more than that.""How would that be?"She pressed her lips together, staring blankly in front of her, deliberating. "Do you know why we fight? Do you know why I fight? I'm tired too, Potter. But no—I'm not tired of working for what I believe, I'm not tired of going out and protecting what I deserve. I'm tired of having to hide, I'm tired of having to swallow my dignity, I'm tired of having to relegate myself to the shadows just to placate some ignorant muggles.""It's not that. I just think it'd save us a lot of pain, it'd save everyone a lot of pain, if—Merlin I don't know—we just swallowed this dignity, stayed in the shadows, everything would be alright." Harry released a deep sigh into his hand."And then, what would be the point? We'd lose who we are, and in the end, that's all that matters, no?""I don't know, there has to be something else to it. It's just… awfully fatalistic putting it that way. I think we could base our identities somewhere else, you know, not somewhere so… impassioned, so dubious."Daphné pulled her sheets closer, sounding mildly upset. "It's never that simple, not that you'd understand. Good night, Potter.""Good night Mademoiselle. Perhaps…" He trailed off.She wasn't responding, already in a deep sleep.Relaxed, Harry allowed himself to fall back into his bedding. The strong lavender scent again overwhelmed him as he descended into the darkness. He found it strangely comforting.When Daphné opened her eyes, the sun had almost completely risen, its rays brilliantly shining through the clear glass windows of the cottage. A blinding beam of light viciously attacked her visage, endeavouring to remove her from the seeing world.She struggled to lift herself from her nest, softly groaning into her hand, attempting to shield herself from the dazzling sunlight. Minute specks of dust perforated through the air, accentuating themselves in the brightness.Her prisoner was already awake, back propped against the textured wall, seemingly deep in his thoughts. She ignored him.Groping for her wand, she conjured a small mirror and began to carefully preen the details of her visage, ascertaining to the impeccability of her maquillage. This continued for quite some time, with occasional groans sounding from her companion as his contemplation appeared to be beginning to get the better of him.Eventually, this peace was disturbed when the door unceremoniously swung open, making way to a rather squat soldier carrying a tray assorted with bread, cheese, and fruit."Your food." His gaze was fixed firmly on the ground, avoiding eye contact with the intimidating witch or her equally intimidating prisoner. He hurriedly dropped the tray onto the table, hastily exiting the room, closing the door with a slam.Potter snorted slightly. For the first time that morning, he spoke. "You're that intimidating?""Wouldn't you like to know?" Daphné scowled, allowing her magic to slip the grey Brunswick over her body."I don't think I've ever met anybody quite like you." He leaned on the edge of the table for support, toying with the crusty, somewhat stale bread. He starts to chew."I'm touched." She approached the tray, lightly nibbling on a piece of cheese, numb in her mouth.Daphné wasn't really sure what to think of her prisoner. For an enemy, he'd been surprisingly cooperative—if not obnoxious—and a bit naïve. She wasn't very sure what use he was yet herself, honestly. It might have been a better choice to let him free on the ship, but a nagging feeling remained inside of her, telling her that he was of some use.A slight rustle forced her to focus on the scene before her. Placing the slab of bread back onto the tray, Potter began to inquire. "How long will I be here?"She frowned. "Until I figure out what to do with you."For several minutes, they ate in silence, the soft chewing echoing through the undisturbed air.It wasn't so bad being Daphné's prisoner.It also wasn't so bad that she was quite easy on the eyes.Anything would have been a better alternative to those Dutch muggles, Harry presumed.Pleasant wafts of lavender crept their way into his nose as he sat at the back of Daphné's horse, the flat, white landscape seeming almost liberating. He delighted in the fresh air—after months without any access, it was intoxicating. He was a prisoner, a captive, travelling with an army at war with his own, but strangely he'd never felt freer. He felt less constricted than he'd ever been.It was a nice feeling, but it would have been much nicer to have his wand.A shorter horse strode up to their right flank, its rider carrying a scroll of textured parchment."Message for you, Mademoiselle." He was looking into the other direction as he clumsily handed over the scroll, quickly galloping away, disappearing into the blue sea of uniform.Harry watched from behind as she unwound the rough paper, lightly shaking her head."It looks like," she began with another small shake, "we'll be on our way."A sudden wave of fear rushed over Harry. "Where?""Amsterdam.""What will happen to me?" He was now extremely afraid."No idea."

Daphné wasn't sure who she disliked more—the French wizarding community, the Dutch wizarding community, or the—now admittedly—decently presented man seated behind her.The habitually bustling port city seemed a bit subdued. Scores of uniformed soldiers patrolled the streets, individual muggles seemed to be wandering around, carrying about their daily errands. The buildings were all pristine, neat, clean, and very obviously completely unaffected by the recent occupation. The only disturbance in the entire city seemed to be the light layer of snow blanketed of the streets and buildings.She was just confused.There was not a single indication of magic in her midst. She wasn't expecting the same overexuberance she'd become acclimated to back in France, but she was at least expecting the Dutch to have some reaction to their newfound freedom from the restrictions of the Statute.But there wasn't anything, and it didn't seem like there would be.Her companion spoke, his voice oddly restrained. "I never thought I'd be back here again.""A big surprise?""I just thought—I don't know—it would have looked a lot different from before with the passing armies and whatnot but—it's all the same." He shivered slightly."It is rather unsettling." Daphné grimaced at her surroundings.They slowly passed through the narrow streets, receiving odd stares from the passer-by as the horse rhythmically clopped its hooves on the smooth cobblestone. The steady brouhaha of the city streets seemed to falter in their presence, again picking up as they passed. The canals were frozen over (her doing, of course), speckled with hurried skaters rushing past each other in the commotion.There still wasn't the slightest hint of magic. As such a cultural and commercial centre, Daphné would have thought it to be the next bastion of freedom, a symbol for wizardkind, unrestrained from its shackles.But it didn't feel free.They drew to an abrupt halt before a formidable brick house. Several uniformed guards were posted in front, the bright blue of their coats harshly contrasting the dull red brick. Daphné stepped off onto the path, lightly clicking her heels on the stone.A guard spoke up, voice gruff. "The general will be waiting inside, Mademoiselle."The interior was beautiful, but all Harry could feel was dread.An intricate chandelier hung from the high ceiling, illuminating the hall and its elaborate furnishings, accentuating the deep shadows. A grand marble staircase stood at the centre, towering over him intimidatingly."Come." His companion's heels clicked on the smooth marble of the staircase.He attempted to follow, but his legs were immobile, seemingly weighed down by a block of ice. He struggled to keep up with her pace. Each step he took became increasingly difficult as if his body sensed the danger before him.He eventually reached the top, trembling, tracing Daphné's light steps through the corridor. He came to face with an elaborately carved wooden door, shaking in trepidation as she rhythmically tapped her knuckles on the hollow wood.The door opened, making way to a characteristically familiar room, brightened by a soft candlelight. The man appeared younger than he'd expected, his long, slightly greying hair giving away an indication of his age."The prisoner, mon général."The man was staring directly at him. "Thank you, Mademoiselle. You may leave us."Daphné gave a curt nod, turned, and promptly exited the room. The smell of lavenders failed to linger."General Jean-Charles Pichegru, pleased to make your acquaintance." His hand was outstretched.Harry reluctantly took the hand into his own, feebly shaking it."Harry Potter." The words barely registered out of his mouth."Seat yourself, Monsieur Potter. Do you play?"He nodded weakly, knees buckling, and he fell back, almost collapsing onto the plush velvet of the chair. A board lay on the desk, rather intricately decorated, its bright colours contrasted by the scatter of ominous skulls on its spiralled spaces."I was quite surprised when I received the missive that we had a foreign wizard in custody. All the way from Britain! Needless to say, I had to meet you."A pair of smooth wooden dice lightly turned in the general's hand, dropping onto the flat surface."I'm honoured." He tried to swallow, but his mouth felt awfully dry.The general picked up a metallic piece, moving it several spaces on the board. "Now, Monsieur Potter, would you be willing to enlighten me on how exactly you've landed yourself here.""I was arrested in Amsterdam for being a wizard." He could barely see the board in front of him, his vision hazy in his fear. The dice felt awfully cold in his hand, the wood digging into his skin, numbing it."And please tell, Monsieur Potter, what were you doing in Amsterdam? It's a turbulent time nowadays.""The war hadn't yet reached the city." The game piece was heavy, very troublesomely so."That does not answer my question."Harry's vision cleared and he sat up, straightening his back the best he could in his vertige, eyes tracing the general's hands. "I don't see why the affairs of wizards are in any way your concern.""But they are Monsieur Potter! This revolution was started by your brethren, and it's quite odd, is it not, that you seem to appear in the clutches of our enemy during our time of triumph?"He leaned closer to the desk, attempting not to falter before the general. "And tell me still, mon général, how exactly does this become your concern?""The revolution perpetuates for liberty Monsieur Potter, and I only serve to protect it."Harry sighed. If there was anybody that could save him at this stage, the general seemed to be his best bet, save Daphné perhaps. He fixed his gaze into Pichegru's beady black eyes, maintaining firm eye contact."Mon général, I am a wizard," A small flame danced at his fingertips. "I have no liberties to protect, my magic gives me all the freedom I need."The general's piece landed on a skull, reflecting the orange glow as he moved it several spaces back.He continued. "I have no need of obtaining any more freedoms, I have no need of maintaining any pride, I am only concerned about my own security and that of others around me."The general stared intently at the board."Which is put at risk by your civil constitution and your revolution." Harry toyed with the dice in his free hand.He blinked, eyes wandering the drawings. "A small price to pay for the greater good.""But is it worth all the pain, mon général? Wizards and muggles don't mix well—they never have—and getting rid of this separation—this shield—will only cause more trouble than it's worth."There was a slight, awkward pause. "It is never that simple, Monsieur Potter. We do not fight for our own selfish whims, we fight for humanity, and that include both wizards and your so-called muggles.""You will be leaving with Mademoiselle Daphné."Harry dropped his piece. "You'll let me go that easily?"The general responded. "The Mademoiselle seems to have more use for you than I.""Just think about what I said, mon général."Harry stood up, carefully retracing his steps as he exited the room, shutting the door behind him with a slam.Both game pieces were still stalled near the beginning of the spiral.

The city was on fire, and Harry would have liked to think it wasn't his fault.They'd just regrouped with the army at Luxembourg. The city was surrounded, the army already in the process of dismantling the supposed last bastion of oppression in the Low Countries.Harry just felt out of place.He was still a prisoner, he still didn't have his wand, but it seemed that he was now in some form accepted within the ranks of the army. Daphné had stopped binding him after his meeting with the general, and therefore, physically, he was unrestrained.None of that meant he could go anywhere, however. His wand was still in Daphné's possession, and he had absolutely no idea how to escape from the continent with or without it.But that didn't mean he wasn't able to cause a whole lot of trouble, unintentionally or not.The heat of the open flames clashed violently with the freezing winter air, the smoke billowing from the timber roofs, encapsulating the atmosphere with a heavy charring. Daphné stood next to him, visage slightly distorted and discoloured by the bubble-head charm she'd cast on herself.The troops were paused at the sight, mouths wide open as the ribbons of flame endlessly spiralled through the air, engulfing everything in its path. The battle seemed to be stopped, both sides ceased by the sheer incredulity of the situation."Just how exactly did you manage this?" Daphné turned towards him with an unbelieving expression.He cowered. "I'm… not sure.""You can't surely… do something like this by accident, can you?"Harry winced. "It seems so."She huffed. "I can't believe it. You don't even have your wand."They were interrupted by an intense barrage of artillery fire, rousing the previously stalled chaos of the siege. Daphné waved her wand, deflecting the shrapnel in their paths with seeming ease, completely disregarding the total disorder unfolding around her.He braved a question. "What exactly are you trying to accomplish?""I'm trying to capture the city, petit malin." Daphné glared at him.They continued, alone, up the deserted street. A burning beam fell out of the sky next to them, immediately melting the patch of snow on the ground."How exactly are you going to go about doing that?""Wait and see."The buildings continued to smoulder, the dark smoke only adding to the already extreme disarray, obscuring their visions in the haze. Harry struggled to keep up with her pace."We're past the front lines. Are you sure you're not out of your mind?""Quite certain."They continued to traverse through the cobbled streets, astonishingly coming across little disturbance as they drew increasingly nearer to the towering inner-city walls. Compared to spotlessness of Amsterdam, the streets of Luxembourg weree strangely invigorating. The effects of the passing war were completely visible, parts of the city were heavily damaged, and an enormous tension seemed to shroud the entire area.It was quite delightful, in a way. He delighted in the feeling as if the world was rushing around him, moving on without his involvement. He delighted in the pace of events, each passing second seemingly overturning the previous. He delighted in the scale of the battle, the thousands of individuals congregating together to participate on a single platform.The city must have once been extremely beautiful. It still was, in a gruesome way. Once, not so long ago, whole families had regularly crossed the now desolate streets, carrying on their lives without worry, or knowledge, of the upcoming turmoil that would be brought to their homes. It was liberating, in a sense, to carry on without the presence of any stability—without the presence of anything grounding. The lifelessness of his surroundings seemed to indicate that—the previous inhabitants had moved on, in death, or somewhere else.They eventually came to a stop behind a whitewashed, timber-framed house, still almost unaffected despite the devouring flames in its proximity. Daphné soon became deep in concentration, twirling her wand in intricate patterns, releasing thin wisps of light blue frost into the air, cloaking the environs with a layer of light, dusted particles. The frost settled, extinguishing previously burning roofs, leaving nothing but heavy charring and mild bits of moisture.The scene was remarkably pleasing, Harry thought. The faint tendrils of steam were almost cleansing, bringing a certain serenity to the chaos. The way the heat and flames just vanished, assimilating into the coldness around it was refreshing. It really was strange. There was death, destruction, and violence all around him but where he was—in his little bubble—he felt safe, protected, even if it was only momentary. He would have been content just dying right there, he thought, lost in the tranquillity of the very instant.He shut his eyes, relishing his feeling of euphoria, his warmth despite the icy cold, his comfort despite the clearly uncomfortable situation. The warmth continued to linger, however, and soon it became uncomfortably hot, scalding.When he reopened his eyes, the only thing he could see was red.The city was on fire, again, and Daphné knew it was definitely Potter's fault.The siege had not been going in their favour when they arrived, and hours later, it was certainly still not going in their favour.She pressed her palm to her forehead, exasperated. "Potter, out of everything you could have done accidentally, could you please have done something of help?"Her companion was staring at the ash-covered ground, avoiding her gaze. "I'm… really not sure. Besides, we're supposed to be enemies, aren't we?""It would be rather nice if you were of any help," Daphne responded stiffly, "Considering that I'm the only thing that's been keeping you alive."She released a deep sigh, scanning her surroundings. There was panicked shouting coming from all directions, each crumble of the collapsing structures furthering the extent of the commotion. Unlike the previous instance, the fighting continued, the explosions and shouts only increasing in intensity with each passing second.For the first time in her time with the Revolutionary Army, Daphné was at a loss for what to do. She bit her bottom lip frustratingly. She'd always prided herself in her capabilities, but at the very moment, she felt helpless, completely at the mercy of everything around her.It wasn't a nice feeling.Her prisoner had now recovered from his embarrassment, looking at her intently, and with curiosity. She'd always been proud, but now, she just wanted to cower, to hide from the shame of not being capable of handling the situation. Even if it was from one of her inferiors, before whom she promised to herself never to show any sign of weakness. She struggled to keep herself from hyperventilating. She was supposed to be confident, sure of herself, and able.But she felt weak.It was still all his fault, of course. The absolute cretin had managed to disturb her spell not once, but twice with his ridiculous accidental magic. She knew he acted like a child, but it was completely out of the question that he would suffer from the same afflictions as one. She'd prepared for the worst situations imaginable before the left for the front, but it never would have been—should have been something completely unimaginable amongst fully-grown adult wizards.It was the coldest winter in decades (she might have had something to do with it), and all the men were starving, freezing, and ridden with disease. Supplies were extremely scarce; they'd been surrounding the city for months, and every single bit of the surrounding area had been emptied of all of its resources. Somehow, absolutely none of those issues were as disastrous as what her obnoxious prisoner had managed to do accidentally. She had trained for years to perfect her skills and Potter had the gall to set the outer limits of an entire city on fire accidentally?She looked around agitatedly. She didn't know how to remedy this—her spell was ruined, the troops were panicked, dying, and Potter was most likely still inclined to muck up the situation again in some form. Taking deep, drawn out breaths, she began to stumble towards her prisoner."Is everything alright?" He seemed to have recovered from his daze and was now looking at her inquisitively.Daphné only glowered at him. The chaos around her felt completely irrelevant, the smouldering around her seemingly disappearing as she directed the entirety of her attention onto Potter. She calmed, bottling up her thoughts, refraining from erupting for a moment.Without warning, she began to yell furiously. "Out of everything you could have done, could you not have compromised our entire success? The entire operation is collapsing just because you couldn't hold back something you should have had under control as a child?"Her companion visibly flinched; his expression annoyingly perplexed. "I swear—I really have no idea what got over me. I was distracted for a moment, and the next thing I knew, it was absolutely scalding, and everything was burning."He seemed quite flustered, and Daphné couldn't really sympathise. He had, after all, managed to spoil the entire conquest of the Low Countries, possibly delaying for days, weeks—even months.Now, surrounded by a panicked, retreating army, artillery barrages, and enveloped in a sea of flames, there was only a single possible target for her ire, and she was determined not to let go of any of her grievances."I wouldn't suffer any consequence if you died right here, right now." She spoke softly, voice laced with daggers."And so," she inched closer, almost touching the charred flakes on the tips of his eyebrows, her laurel wand prodded into his chest, "you will not do anything that will harm, or even inconvenience us, intentionally or not, because I will be requesting that you be executed the moment you step just a finger out of line."Daphné almost laughed at the display before her. His bright green eyes seemed to be literally exuding fear; his ruffled complexion worsened by his very obviously frightened expression. She withdrew to a more comfortable distance.The structures were still collapsing if the constant noise and debris on the ground was any indication. The smoke was still overwhelming, severely inhibiting her vision. She knew, however, that her comrades were long gone, fled from the scene of battle amid the chaos, retreated to recuperate from their losses. It was slightly problematic, because of this, that they were still trapped in its wake, fortunately unnoticed by anybody in the vicinity.The only issue was that there wasn't anybody in the vicinity, and the defenders had already passed their current retreat, placing themselves between the two magicals and the rest of the army.They were in for a bit of a challenge, but Daphné wasn't one to give up.She moved her hand beneath her neckline, smiling slightly as she felt for the hard, textured silver beneath the soft fabric. She would eventually prevail, of that there wasn't any doubt.She turned towards her still slightly startled companion. "Come, Potter. We'll be needing to find a way out of here."It seemed to Harry that his luck had finally run out. He'd managed to survive much longer than he'd expected, nevertheless, so he shouldn't have really minded.He minded very much, however. He quite liked living, even if he was trapped for the foreseeable future. Whether that was an issue, he thought, was disputable. He'd grown to quite like his captor, despite how frightening she could be some—no—all of the time.He groaned at the burning structures in his proximity. There didn't seem to be anything around that wasn't dangerous, there didn't seem to be anything around that could work to their benefit, and there didn't seem to be any way to rescue themselves from the situation. He'd have felt much safer with his wand.A wand that was currently in the possession of a certain badly-tempered blonde witch.It was of no matter, if he was going to die today, he would be much more satisfied if he died with her to an Austrian soldier rather than to her.He ventured to speak. "Where will we be going, Mademoiselle?"His captor scowled, a sight he'd grown used to seeing. It was quite a nice scowl."We're quite trapped, in case if you haven't noticed."He risked a quip. "I did escape from a prison once, Mademoiselle."The cobbled streets were now covered with a thin layer of light grey ash, merging with the small patches of snow that had not yet succumbed to the heat. Their feet crunched against the ground as they inched themselves closer to the tanned stone of the city walls.Harry baulked. "We're going this way?""I'm not exactly keen on crossing the entire army in the other direction, Potter." Daphné tapped her wand on the bricks."Into the city?""It seems so, yes.""Won't we be captured?""Hopefully not, we don't exactly look like soldiers, do we? I think I'd much rather confront a few guards instead of an entire army."She waved her wand, vanishing the soot that had previously blanketed them. The wall rapidly animated, manifesting into a symmetrical archway, behind which lay a second wall, this time out of red brick. It reminded Harry awfully of home, of trips to London—to Diagon Alley. He shook the thoughts from his mind. He couldn't afford to be homesick now, in all likelihood he'd never set foot in Britain again, even if he survived.Carefully crouching through the archway, he looked up. The timber roof of the house they'd entered behind was still immaculate. The brick was pristine, if not slightly mossy. The scene reminded him of Amsterdam—seemingly completely unaffected by the destruction in its midst.Harry stopped in his tracks. "This is… the exact same city we were just in?"He could have imagined that Daphné snorted. "You haven't burned all of it down, thankfully. If you haven't forgotten, the outside looked like this a few hours ago. Now, please don't be too obvious. We're in a muggle city and they're bound to hold a quite a bit of dislike for us."He grimaced. "I think I've learned my lesson.""You better have."They exited the alley and came to face with rabbles of city-goers, seemingly tense with the ongoing siege beyond the walls. Life as usual seemed to be continuing, however, its people pacing about, running errands, working, and doing whatever muggles did on their own.It was suffocating.

Philippa waited until the man was gone from the street. She walked backwards from the window and even though she bumped into a table on her way to the kitchen and even though she was alone she still stood still at the noise she had made and continued to stare at the front door, her eyes darting to the window. When she reached the kitchen, she opened a small side door and crouched to get in the small space. She moved a small slide out of the way and behind it a small landing in front of a staircase. She squeezed herself through and moved as silently as she could through the old creaky building. The stair opened up to a catwalk and the backs of other small doors that she knew had long been sealed on the occupants' side. She rapped on one of the doors and made her way through without waiting for an answer. She found herself in a cozy carpeted room all dark burgundy and light wood and light streaming into the attic room. She padded through the room reflexively pulling a cobweb out of her way even though the path had been clear and there were no spiders that made their way there. She cleaned the way herself. She maintained the way herself. She felt at home in the old woman's house and made a small call so as not to startle her. They had agreed the way would be used for emergencies.The old woman making tea in her own kitchen stood still to listen. The girl. She pulled out another teacup. She knew the house sounds before the door opened upstairs. She knew the difference between a cat and something several times its side. When Philippa cleaned she was less careful and quiet but Robin didn't think it necessary to tell the girl that. She had lived here long enough to know also, that the other tenants would chalk the noise up to old house sounds like the marbles in the pipes, the creaking, the yawning in the walls from a tired frame. She didn't hear the faint click of the door or Philippa's footsteps but a small whistle as if from a bird. A small, high-pitched, faint tremolo. By the time the girl started descending the carpeted stairs the old woman was passing with a teacup looking up curious."I thought I might have heard a nightingale," She said chuckling. "Tea?""Sorry," the girl said. "I didn't want to startle you,"She wasn't really a girl the old woman observed. But then the old woman wasn't really old, she thought. The landlady knew someone might come for Philippa again. When she rented the flat, Robin sensing she had one last question, opened her small, warm landlady face and asked patiently if there was anything else Philippa would be needing to let the flat. "Doors", the girl had said unflinching. It had startled the landlady. Philippa would have said it eventually, she had had too. She could fake the length of a stay, she thought but, Robin had let rooms and flats and houses her entire life. She knew what a woman running away looked like. She knew a patchwork renter's history when she saw one. She called the other references. All on time but broke every lease. Every single one of them and over such a short period of time. The next time Philippa came back, Robin asked and the woman told her. Not everything she was sure but it took her back all the same. It startled her, the woman's candor and resolve and that she could articulate what the problem was. Either she didn't recognize how disarming it was or didn't care or was sick."The doors. What did you mean, doors?" Robin asked."To get out of. Like a door," Philippa replied flatly.Robin could sense the woman's sarcasm even as she told the landlady, not in so many words, that she needed to run away but something about Philippa reminded Robin of a younger version of herself or rather, the person she had always imagined she could become: clever and unafraid.Anyways, Robin had always been told that crazy people didn't have a sense of humor so she let Philippa the flat. The woman stayed and when Robin was certain, she showed Philippa the path on her move-in date."All the others were bricked up. You can check if you like but you'll see once you get inside. This flat and mine were left."Robin started talking about her life as a little girl. Her parents had acquired a flat for sale in those days which was unheard of at the time. In England? Her mother worked at the resorts and knew that the white man selling it was trying to drive down housing prices when other Jamaicans moved in. Robin's mother didn't care and neither did her father and so they purchased the flat that Philippa would let and then the one next to it and the next until they owned the entire building. The white man who sold it could then buy the buildings next to it when the property value sank and in less than a generation, the property value would go back up and he could resell those same buildings for an unreal sum. Philippa listened impassive. Her face still. The landlady assumed she was boring the woman and stopped mid-sentence."Go on," Philippa said."Oh, well, then they…" Robin had lost her train of thought."The London flat". Philippa said."Well," the landlady went on tentative, looking to the floor and Philippa for reassurance and instead was met with her stillness. Robin thought she droned on as she got to how her parents acquired so many more places. Rented out just for blacks originally but then someone kicked up a fuss as if anyone else but the islanders had been knocking down the doors and her parents had barred anyone for renting in the first place. Robin wrang her hands together. Philippa's expression didn't change. It was made all the stranger by the men moving the woman's furniture in. They were standing in the kitchen making a soft commotion all around. When one would ask Philippa a question she would answer without changing expression directing them through a home she'd never been in as if she had lived there the entire time. That she was listening to everything around her at once and had divined the very essence of the flat and the people in it at the time. Robin felt as if she had bored the woman long enough and that Philippa would rather unpack in her stoic peace and yet when the landlady paused in a strange place or made to leave Philippa urged her on.It made the landlady nervous and she found it off-putting but reminded herself that Philippa was running away after all. Or maybe not. It crossed Robin's mind that Philippa might be the problem in whatever story she did not tell the landlady but brushed the thought aside. She continued her story getting to the part where she was finally old enough to have her own place."Well anyway, my parents moved to live where my flat is now and I lived here." Philippa smiled and nodded.The woman nodded. Philippa had heard this story somewhere before, that's how the she acted. Maybe the old woman had told it already but when? Maybe she was getting old. They were sitting in silence now. The movers getting things placed upstairs. The sound of the heavy feet something the landlady could focus on. She smiled at Philippa less assured. Robin felt like somewhere a clock was ticking at an unnaturally high volume."When they leave, the door?""Yes!" the landlady said too cheerful given the quietness that sat in front of Philippa's question. Robin was just thankful to have a reason to make a noise, some evidence that she was still alive and hadn't slipped into death and that the remainder of eternity wasn't just sitting here in silence forever.This felt very familiar. Robin had a tenant not unlike this one. Several. As she got older, she managed her parents' properties and met many tenants off their rocker. This one paid in coins or tried to barter in bread knuckles, this one hit his wife, this one cooked cat meat said this nosy neighbor whose cat was missing but also who cooked food that smelled like it might have been cat meat... Robin had heard it all, seen it all, fixed so much of it and it shocked so many people to learn that this small woman managed the properties and even owned some of her own. The old woman sighed."I'll be back later to show you though I cant go in myself anymore." she smiled as much to herself as to Philippa. I am old. This is a little girl, Robin thought. The Philippa nodded and ushered Robin to the front door."Until then," said Philippa who stood at the door as if she would shut it even as the movers brought in the remainder of her things.When the landlady looked behind her Philippa was gone from the doorway. Robin looked at the expanse of the flat and walked to her own from the outside. When she got back she padded up the stairs. Everything still there she snorted. Still the same place, the same warmth, the same smell. She inhaled deeply and went upstairs, opened the door to the attic upstairs and checked the door. Still closed. She slowly crouched down and opened the door peering in and looked both ways. Same as ever. A little dusty but overall ok. She smoothed a cobweb out of her hair as she went back into the room. Robin sat on the floor cross legged. Since she wasn't thinking about it, she got up much smoother than she got on the floor in the first place. She straightened her skirt with a mission on her mind. She went to the drawer and pulled out a set of keys of the many, went back to the little door and locked it for the first time in a very long time. She would visit the girl tomorrow and let her know about the door in her kitchen. She would let her know about the path to her flat and her door and listen and decide and compose herself before hand. She would be prepared and not look like a little, old fool next time. Would she tell Philippa about the war years, the old, old war years when they built flats like this so that neighbors could hide in the walls and- no. Robin was old but, also knew that, for all those years, some people were younger but had lived more, so to speak. She would leave her encyclopedic knowledge of crawl spaces and wars and architecture and property law out of it. And they would go from there.***Robin went to the kitchen to grab the second cup of tea and went upstairs to sit in the small attic room with the young woman. She set the teacup on the table and stirred her own, sipping quietly. By now she was used to this girl and her quietness."My friend has died," Said Philippa in the same even tone she used when she first met the landlady.The old woman's heart lurched. It wasn't fair but it was life. Young people died young too."I knew but someone just came with the news. This was the emergency." Philippa drew in deep measured breaths into her nose before folding over.If Robin hadn't been that old she might not have been able to tell that Philippa was crying at all. When Philippa finally looked up at the ceiling wiping her eyes, the only evidence that she had been crying were her red eyes and sniffling her voice remained strangely even, even monotone. Of course her friend's death was bad but what did that mean she already knew? Robin wondered. Of course, that wasn't the emergency. The landlady asked Philippa is she was safe. Philippa breathed and said nothing but they both knew she heard. When the landlady was about to set the teacup down, Philippa said, yes, she thought so."I think, maybe, I might be now. Maybe I was never in danger to begin with." She turned to look at the window over her landlady's shoulder and smiled in a far off absentminded way. "Thank you." said Philippa.They made their way down the stairs in Robin's home, Philippa carrying a cup of tea she hadn't sipped from and left it in the kitchen. Robin walked her to the front of the door. Philippa looked both ways as she crossed the street and it was now the landlady who stared out of her window. The woman did not ever speak to her more than fifteen minutes ever again. For Robin's part, how would she have known that Philippa had locked the door on her side again? For Philippa's part she crossed the street thankful that someone had asked her a question she was afraid to ask herself and that she answered and believed what she had said. Maybe she had never been in danger at all. In any case she no longer believed she was now.

Dorcas and Basil made every effort not to run up the street. Dorcas especially had confused many people in her time. You could not tell that her strides were that much longer than her height should have allowed and yet she always seemed to arrive slightly earlier than everyone else even if they started from the same place at the same time. That mixed with the determination of ensuring her friend was safe resulted in her skip walking just short of running made Basil, whose stride did match his height, winded in an effort to match her speed. Even as Dorcas pushed open the back gate she heard a glass break, exploding loudly and then, after mere seconds it took to orient herself, heard another. She broke into a run in the backyard and watched as the back window burst again and repair itself. The shards pieced themselves together as if pulled by tiny threads back into place until they cracked and burst Basil caught up to Dorcas looking back and forth from the window and door assessing what was happening and what she might do about it."Me," Basil huffed.Dorcas looked at him, her eyebrows knit on her forehead, irritated and still very much confused."In case intruders. Magic." Huff. "Alarm."She understood and approached the house with greater resolve. She and Basil went up the small steps and Dorcas raised her wand unlocking the door as it swung open silently into a dark kitchen. They both went through the kitchen and to the hallway where she motioned for Basil to go upstairs. She had done this many, many times before but this felt different. Her training prepared her for a great many things and as confident as she was in her own skill and the training she received to use counter spells, offensive and defensive strategies, all of it, she realized that she was getting weaker. Something in Dorcas now was already failing her. She flinched at the bloom of clean, bluish light that reflected on the glass in the picture frames. She hadn't even noticed how dark it was until the light disappeared completely up the stairs with Basil holding his wand aloft and she squeezed her eyes shut to adjust her eyesight to the dark again. She could have walked in that house blindfolded if she wanted to. She felt ill. Her outstretched arm felt heavy as she rounded the corner to her left into the sitting room passing what looked like a little ceramic volcano puff, puffing away small clouds in sets of twos on the side table in the short hallway. She turned to find her best friend crouched and trembling in the corner and shielding her grandfather who was bunched into the corner but protected on one side by a couch and on the other side an old but well-maintained, upright piano, his granddaughter facing him and telling him that everything was going to be alright. That she wouldn't leave him alone for anything."Is there anyone else here?" Dorcas was impressed by the steadiness of her voice and at least seeing Philippa and Grandpa there, some of her focus returned. She could feel the sickness drop away.Philippa started to hear her friend's voice and slowly looked over her shoulder shaking as she was yet managed to communicate 'no'. Both Dorcas and Philippa turned at the sound of Basil barreling down the stairs, the wand still lit as Philippa and Dorcas squinted against the brightness. Dorcas gestured at the light switch and the house now was full and bright. Basil went to help Philippa off the floor as Dorcas went through the remainder of the house. She could have cast a spell to reveal anyone else's presence but used the time to steady herself. The hand not carrying the wand placed on her breastbone, steadying herself from the inside. Back in the sitting room, she found all of them sitting on the couches. Philippa with her head resting against the wall, eyes closed and breathing deeply. Basil rubbed his face with both hands as if rinsing the exertion off of himself. He would not be an Auror, he decided that evening. Grandpa, sitting next to his granddaughter smiling softly as if nothing had happened at all. Dorcas went to get some water. She hadn't thought to check the fesfium but it confirmed that there were only two wizards in the house. She sent a quiet spell into the house behind her to determine that she was right and when she was certain Dorcas dropped her arm holding what felt like a wand made out of lead and gold and every elephant that ever existed.She brought the glasses and a pitcher of water into the room."Grandpa," she raised her voice slightly, "Everything is fine. We're all safe. Here's some water,"Philippa winced."Can you do something about the glass?"Dorcas looked at the pitcher on the table and then heard it again. Dorcas hadn't even noticed, it had become background noise. Dorcas motioned for Basil to go to the kitchen and left Philippa on the couch with grandpa who was now leaning against the wall too. From where Dorcas stood she could not see that Philippa and Grandpa were holding hands and because Philippa's eyes were still closed and her head still tilted back against the wall, no one, regardless of where they were standing could see her tears cycling themselves under her eyelids."I thought it would be a good idea, a way to let Pippa know when someone magical came into the yard." Basil said in between muttering a spell."Good idea, just next time warn me about it, please," Dorcas said, her eyebrows going up to emphasize the point.Basil shook his head up and down knowing there would not be a next time. Dorcas had been kind enough to take him on "assignment" and his nerves still weren't settled. He had no choice that he was alive during a war but he had a choice to be an Auror and no, thank you. He wasn't too proud but he was too frazzled to mention that his own spell had unnerved him. The loudness of it. Even as the window sat repaired, a still pane, he half expected it to shatter again. If he felt that way, he could not imagine how Philippa must have felt. Basil could do magic and she could not. He had not considered what it meant for a window or anything else to do that and not be able to do much else and it made him sick to think if it hadn't been them. Dorcas seemed to hold up better but she did this for a living. He could tell she was irritated though."You are free to go, Basil. Thank you. Please tell Lupin I'm staying here tonight."Basil felt relieved that he didn't have to stay in the house with the loud windows and the uncertainty. What had made them go there anyway? Just recently it had been such a cozy home and now it seemed empty and eerie. Dorcas watched Basil shut the door behind him.When Dorcas got back to the sitting room she saw Philippa talking to grandpa from across the coffee table picking up after the dishes Dorcas had just brought in."Basil's left," Dorcas said."Help me get him upstairs?"Dorcas shook her head and with a flick of her wand grandpa lifted into the air gentle as a sheet of paper. He started to laugh. Dorcas smiled despite herself. She could feel Philippa looking at her but didn't turn to face her. She walked behind Grandpa who floated up the stairs still laughing. He motioned towards the bathroom door and she sat him gently there closing the door with another small flick of her wrist. When she heard a flush she turned on the water, he washed his hands and he floated out of the bathroom laughing all the while. Dorcas now felt better. Grandpa loved magic. Loved it. And she didn't have to do anything too showy either. In his bedroom she turned her back and with another wave he was changed into fresh pajamas and tucked in bed all of this in a matter of minutes. Grandpa was in peels now, showing his sparse but still strong, white teeth. She turned at the door."Goodnight Grandpa. I love you.""And oo, Dodie," he said and made a little kissing noise after. She could here him snuggling down for the evening and laughing to himself as she went out of the room."Crack the door," Philippa called from the bottom of the stairs. Dorcas went down the stairs in two's well pleased with herself."Can you sleep here tonight?""That was my plan," said Dorcas."Are you hungry?""No. Are you? I can cook.""No!" Rounded Philippa and they both laughed even as Dorcas sensed that something wasn't quite right.Philippa went about setting the water cups and pitcher away, the blanket that had slipped from Grandpa's lap when Dorcas levitated him folded over the back of a chair. Without turning around even as she set the dishes away Philippa asked,"When we were little, there was a man who sold popsicles down the street from here. What did we call him?" Philippa was moving rather slowly and what a strange question to ask thought Dorcas."Ice Pickles? No, Sock Pickles! It was Sock Pickles!" Dorcas hadn't thought of it in so long! Sock Pickles! "Why?", she asked.Dorcas sensed Philippa relax. She inhaled and exhaled deeply, as if a switch was turned, she moved at regular speed again."Sock Pickles, yes. That was it." Philippa nodded to herself and turned with a smile to face Dorcas. "I had forgotten. Help me put this away and then we can go to sleep.""Enough excitement for one night," said Dorcas. Philippa smiled an automatic, smile. A smile that didn't reach her eyes. Dorcas thought nothing of it, it had been a long night. But everything was fine; they were all fine after all. They tidied the kitchen went upstairs and got ready for bed.It wasn't until Philippa tucked into her bed on one side of the wall and Dorcas in her bed at the other that Philippa started to say "the lights". By the time she finished the words, they were all already turned off and shortly after saying goodnight, Dorcas was sound asleep. It was as if she had not, even a few hours ago, made herself sick with worry at what she might (or might not) find when she arrived. She was asleep as if she did things like this everyday.

The birthday party had not only gone off without several incidences but even better than expected. Everyone there had all treated Philippa like their own friend and not the friend of a friend that she actually was to most of them. And while Dorcas did have some reservations once the event was underway, she realized she had had nothing to worry about at all and that Philippa would have fit right in, and did, muggle or not. The morning of their sort of, almost annual birthday party found Philippa more used to the little puffs of odorless smoke popping up from what looked like a little volcano. She was less afraid of the fusfium now and a good thing, since when the party was underway, with all the wizards and witches in attendance, it could no longer chug away in regular intervals and just streamed a thin line of what looked like steam. It made her less nervous now even as she thought she shouldn't get too comfortable with the small device. So far it had only meant new friends and loved ones were near. That a good time was soon approaching or that she would learn something exciting and wild and different.She was not a jealous person but this was as close to jealousy as she would ever get. She thought with great reverence of all things things Dorcas could do but at the party she had learned more and seen more than ever. A comfort and fluency with magic like it was the plainest thing in the world (and according to Lydia, drunk and getting steadily grumpier over time, magic really was ordinary if you could do it).Philippa had been to a fair once and had seen a magician. Even as she learned he might have been an actual wizard, what he had done had been total nonsense. In fact, she was certain he hadn't been a real wizard at all. She was certain that Dorcas could move the entire house if she wanted to, just lift it in the air and set it in one quiet piece in a field somewhere or maybe the bottom of the ocean. So far she had made pots and pans fly mostly for Philippa's pure astonishment. For her wide-eyed disbelief. Philippa still waved her hands under floating objects expecting to feel a string or something to hold the object up. She reached out her hand to touch what she once believed were common objects as if to touch a wild but gentle animal. Now a wisp of cloud, now floating in mid air. Did Lupin say that some could be turned into animals? Philippa had declined the demonstration. No, no she didn't want a dish spoon with a tail to squirm away from them to be found slinking in the dark months later and yet…"A bird? From what?!" She looked around, it seemed they were always in the kitchen then months before everything happened at once, the table covered in notes and books and according to everyone who saw her sitting there while they read, violating every law across the two communities."What happens if you violate the statute of secrecy?" She asked Lupin."Why are you whispering?" Dorcas retorted who made no effort to conceal her laughter at Philippa's sincerity and fear.But Dorcas didn't seem to care nor did Lupin, apparently, who brought her all the books he could find or, what did he say? Spirit away. After a time she didn't care either and built up a nerve and curiosity to actually see the magic itself. She could read it, imagine it but here were two capable wizards, why not? What was the harm, really? Surely between them and Fabian they could find a fork-cat wherever it squeezed itself into hiding."Throw it into the air," Philippa dared him.The bowl, before her very eyes, turned into a bird as it fell through the air. Righting itself before it hit the ground and lifting its plain, regular, grey, bird wings.The bird sat on the edge of the table and turned back into its blue bowl self with hardly a twist of Lupin's wrist."Unreal," she whispered to herself.Lupin enjoyed this more than wandering wherever it was he liked to wander. Well, not more more. He enjoyed that he could do this, impress someone. Especially since the person he most wanted to move and shock was so cavalier about so many things. Philippa and her endless, observant questions that turned into insights she gleaned from her study. He liked testing her ideas. Could that happen? Why hadn't he thought of that? And Dorcas correcting some of his technique. He had never wanted to be an Auror but he appreciated that he could learn something too. Mostly though, he love that the Groves's felt like a proper home. He enjoyed being in a warm house where no one asked him about moon cycles and questioned his bottomless hunger. Philippa really could cook and plied him with dishes and showed that she appreciated him being able to find so many exotic ingredients and they had reached an understanding between them a combination of learning and cooking and him reading to Grandpa Groves from the newspaper and having a backyard to sleep in. Philippa chalked up this behavior to some wizard behavior or convention that she was sure he would explain in time as she gazed out of the window for the upteenth time after she saw a single puff of smoke emanating from fusfium and a tap, tap, tapping on the window signaling that Lupin was making himself comfortable in the yard. She explained that it would be no problem for him to sleep in Dorcas's bed or on the couch but he insisted. She didn't press the point. Frankly she had seen stranger things and some part of her just believed that her desire to be around magic must be matched by his apparent need to live like a muggle hobo. She shrugged going through the house and went to sit in the living room to play piano for Grandpa before bed.On days when Lupin did stay in the house and they made something of a family, he could show Philippa magic and sensed the unfairness of it, that she gave more than he could give her. After months of studying, Philippa's command of the language and theory of magic increased exponentially. There was a time when he could bring a book and it took her time to understand what the words and ideas in those books meant and at the height of this study, she could polish off several books in a matter of weeks. The line of questions became more obscure, the theory more difficult so that he deferred to Dorcas who later had to defer to Alastor or Kingsley and it went in a massive circle and star all of them collecting information on magic they had never heard of, that they had never thought of doing because they didn't even know if it was possible. She could not do the magic that she dreamt up, magic that she knew so well but, even still he noticed, that the small feats never tired. It was especially this little magic that amused and shocked Philippa the most. The little ceramic chimney did not impress her, the tales of werewolves, Dorcas noticed Lupin developed a coughing fit upon Philippa asking details of magical creatures, were worth only passing commentary."Indeed," Dorcas said moving in and out of the kitchen taking care of grandpa. "Water, Remus?"Philippa yawned through tales of great duels."I'm sure it was beautiful in person," interested but unmoved.It was this, young magic, magic that even little kids could do that made her eyes sparkle. Dorcas for her part was impressed to find that Philippa was the same as she had always been with her nose literally so far in a book that Dorcas convinced herself that Philippa was exaggerating that she couldn't see the words an-"Glasses! Thats why you've always read like that!" Dorcas exclaimed one day."Why didn't you just say something."Dorcas drew circles around her friends eyes and said something. What had she said? Philippa felt her eyes squidge in her head and enormous pressure baring down on her forehead and almost on the brink of closing her eyes, the pressure vanished."There! I'm not a ward sister but I think that should do it. Is it better?"And Philippa for the first time in a long time could make out the drawn expression on Dorcas's face."Well?", Dorcas pursed her lips and Philippa could see, from where she sat that Dorcas hoped she accomplished the thing she had. She could see the print on the blouse her shirt was held up and rotated her hand and saw the shape of her own fingernails at reasonable fingernail size which is to say at arms length and just unbelievable. She could have cried but was too shocked. She could see Dorcas smile at her and exaggerated nod and then draw her hand across her forehead wiping mock sweat off of her brow."Whew! Not to bad for intention, investment, intonation," Dorcas said.Philippa's eyesight improved at the same time that their knowledge of magic was really taking off. She read about much more in those books and faster. Bones turned to jelly and elongated and frozen at a greater length, A series of incantations to set ceilings on fire from the inside, to block out this, to keep this in and dragons? Real ones?"Of course," said Dorcas.

Dorcas derived great joy watching Philippa read these books like they were fairy tales of which they were to her. How would she find a way for her to actually see a dragon in real life? Dorcas wondered. Philippa pieced together words and ideas and shapes and histories. She developed a working knowledge of the things she couldn't use in her own life that were simple to others and literally impossible for her. She began to speak a language with no practical implications to herself."Can you make them up too? Spells, I mean.," Philippa said one day without looking up from her notes on her right hand side and writing without looking at the paper on her left. A book with a bowl full of untouched stew used as a weight to keep the pages open. Lupin looking at the stew with longing.She had always been the far superior student, Dorcas knew. If they had both attended Hogwarts, Dorcas might not even be an auror now. Everyone would have just considered Dorcas to be Philippa's competent but uninspired friend. She could keep pace, memorize, even think on her feet in her way. As it stood, she was one of the better in her class and certainly one of the greatest of the seventh years at the time but, that was only because Lydia had left school early. How unjust that she had everything she wanted but wasn't the more creative of the two, the funnier or more charismatic or kinder? That she only had this gift because of foolish luck?"These two can you mix them together? And these, could you make one that makes this spin and that leap and that soar at the same time?"That's how Philippa and Lupin met. Dorcas's potions skills, remained largely underutilized and Dorcas called him in and he had turned into Philippa's tutor of sorts. All of these questions, hours worth, where they would sit and talk about this and that and it got the better of him as it had of Dorcas earlier. He had to try himself. Could these two spells be said at the same time? Can you make that paper burst into flames and float at the same time though? The end result isn't the point, it's the idea! Exasperated Philippa looked over at Dorcas her expression saying, why doesn't he get it? He found he could not do both simultaneously as Dorcas had tried alone so as not to embarrass herself and she too had tried and failed and it was like this with many, many more combinations and spells and ideas until she resolved to practice like she had done in training and found that, this is a muggle equivalent, it was not unlike singing while playing the guitar with both hands while shaking someone's hand with a third. The intention changed in a way and from then on she sat at the table and listened to Philippa's ideas and got over the embarrassment of not being able to do and she failed, Merlin's beard did she ever fail, until she could do a great deal of what Philippa dreamt up and several more that she could not do.Dorcas thought sometimes that it may frustrate her. That Philippa couldn't do these things herself. That she had to watch other people try and fail and try and fail again knowing that if she had just a little bit of what they had, just a little bit of it, she could have accomplished everything sooner and more elegantly and developed more besides. Instead Dorcas, now long over her fear of being made a fool of in front of someone she had looked foolish in front of several hundreds of times before, tried."Does your wrist need to be held differently, it says here that…"When she finally got it, there was no trace of resentment or impatience or envy. Just her friend pleased and awed, shaking her head silently and smiling, almost to herself only "unreal".At this party though, her awe extended to the magic she read about that could not have been done in the comfort of the kitchen and dining space in the house that they had grown up in. The childlike magic that Lupin did, the combination spells that Dorcas tried. IT was at this party that she witnessed what she read about in some other radical form that made her suddenly interested in the tales of duels. Philippa herself had walked though a fire drawn at the edge of the door. A great blue flame that reached the top of the door frame and walked though it and nothing happened. Not nothing, how would she describe it? Nothing that a fire could do happened. And it was blue. So it must have been hotter, burning something else, she knew. She had heard pieces of conversations and places and people and things she had never read about. She could admit to herself that some of this magic was becoming commonplace, by my goodness. She could really put her knowledge to use. Combined with the new letters from Lydia (who remained unmoved by Philippa's insistence that they be sent by owl as the Royal Mail had always been and would continue to be faster) and sitting and talking with Lupin who brought the books and the notes and the plants? She reached a type of nirvana and comfort at that party. She had finally found her people. A comfort in her own home and in herself. Who would have known? A witch who couldn't do magic. And then she met a kid named Peter, one of Lupin's friends and they spent time discussing very obscure magic. He could answer some of the questions she had been waiting on answers for. He promised to find an answer to this problem of the bursting window. A way to communicate with Dorcas, he would find a way to call her if she needed to all in exchange for a to-go plate which she would have given to him anyway. And while the party had been beautiful, she hadn't noticed the time passing speaking with him, he had been a complete delight and a sweetheart. Since he had shown up empty handed, he would send a gift through Lupin, he promised, but he had only meant to pass through and got distracted. He had given her the best gift of his complete attention and seriousness to finding a solution to a problem that had been bothering her and she felt a deep fondness for someone whom she had just met.Sirius? Sirius, right? Lupin's other friend who brought the wine which couldn't be refilled (this was not a foreign concept to Philippa but seemed to confuse many wizards and witches in attendance) made from some berry that she had enjoyed and enjoyed some more. Who else? Lydia and the Prewett's were there of course. Lupin was there. Basil came with a bouquet of roses looking very sheepish but relaxed over time. He too enjoyed the wine. And she finally met Alastor and Mr. Shacklebot and even though she had been told that they were very important, she knew right away when they walked in that important people, celebrated people, had walked in for all the side conversations and commotion they caused. Mr. Shacklebot brought a cake and Alastor a broach that she couldn't touch with her bare hands. He remembered that Philippa wouldn't, or rather shouldn't have known what a Duobus Signis was."A type of portkey," Philippa said as if reciting from a book. "It has the power to transport to more than one place. Very difficult to make. You need to the incantation to one place and then another set of incantations for the other, it can takes months to make these. Did the Ministry approve?" She said still marveling at what was an otherwise unremarkable, even ugly piece of jewelry.Dorcas watched Alastor's eyebrows go to together in a type of uncharacteristic confusion. At Philippa's question, his eyebrows had raised even as she answered her own question."I can't imagine they would approve but there's no way to monitor the movement of portkeys anyway." She smiled a warm, genuine smile. "Thank you, it's incredible."She closed the lid and Alastor regaining enough composure to return the kindness. He looked at Dorcas and she looked like the hippogriff that ate the bezoar, a sly, impressed smile. Philippa, a muggle had caught the great Alastor Moody off-guard. So much for constant vigilance. I'll tell you later she said as Philippa was called away to impress and stun and laugh and dance and become everyone's new best friend and be loved by everyone there. Alastor nodded. He would not hear the end of this. "It is an incredible gift," Dorcas said trying not to laugh but also meaning it but also knowing that he was trying to cover his surprise at who he had been told was a muggle-born muggle. Dorcas was impressed by her friend and proud.All of these strangers had come to the birthday party and she thought then that they had left as friends. It had been such a good time and Philippa could forget about what happened before and relax and enjoy herself. The memory, the memories were tucked away in the back of her mind but they slept undisturbed as she bounced through the party with Dorcas. Even after she thought of it, which was rarely, it seemed so far away and receded farther away in time but, when she did even after everything that happened, that would happen, she reveled in the memory of the event and the magic of it all. Ha.

She had been given specific instructions not to trust anyone from her world who didn't know either of their "real names". The irony being that these were the nicknames they had given one another a long time ago when they were young. When, at that age, Philippa recognized they shared last names related to plants and green, growing things. They had built a sort of club with an exclusive, lifetime membership of only two. To get into this club, the only qualifications were that you had to be one of them and your favorite children's radio program had to be White Roses. This made membership easy. She had once been called Petal and her best friend, Tulip. And when they were much older and Tulip had told her, don't trust any of us, not even me, unless they know your real name Petal understood in a deep place and it made her sick to think that there would ever be a need for those names to be referenced and especially in this way. All of this was really happening and, of all of the trouble they had found themselves in over the years, that this was the most real, that one of them may never hear the other's voice or see the other ever again and it would be both a relief and a horror. The family down the street that had disappeared in the papers? That was us, Tulip said. It wasn't you, Petal said. What sat in the air between them was the rest of her question, was it? Was it you? Did you, specifically have anything to do with them? No, it wasn't me, me but it was us. Dorcas said out loud because they had known each other that long and they could have had this entire conversation silently and often did. One or the other would answer questions that hadn't been asked a loud disarming anyone in earshot. The conversation would become silent again neither of them realizing the conversation wasn't being spoken out loud in the first place.She had not noticed him behind her for almost two blocks now, which is not to say she didn't sense him, but she had felt like this on and off for months now in varying degrees and it was much better than it had been now. She had half a mind to turn around and that same moment she heard, not just her name but, two of them. The first time he had called her by her common nickname. Everyone knew she had called her that and she knew not to turn around but, did anyway. She found a tall man just off the sidewalk directly behind her closer than his voice had sounded. She impressed herself. She knew she did not look as startled as she felt. She turned around as if by coincidence, as if she had just turned around at any number of noises in the street and not her own name but her steps slowed conscious of the very real danger of this man who had magic or not. She squared her hips, laced her keys in her fingers and, if necessary, she would stand at her own door and knock, call up to someone who wasn't there and turn around as she had rehearsed in her mind, two times, nine times, thirty times, a hundred times until it looped on itself, tying into a knot. And yet here she was becoming more scared now as she had been then and it was the recognition and blooming fear she felt on her face that she had not practiced or adjusted for. She did not account for remembering. It was that same fear that told the man that he identified the correct woman even as she walked up the steps to her own home. He repeated in a slightly more confident but not threatening way, excuse me, Petal? And if she had understood what happened then, she would also remember that she had turned around and gone down the steps almost floating and even shook the man's hand and that she had made it up the steps again and unlocked her own door and almost ushered that very man through the door until she came back to her senses at the very last moment over the threshold with her hand on the doorknob and her body angled in such a way that she could have slammed the door shut right on his face.Grandpa, Philippa and Dorcas sat at the table with tea. Philippa's shoulders drooped as she warmed her hands on the tea cup. Lupin kept quiet vigil with his arms crossed pacing in the small kitchen."What did he look like again?" He repeated.Dorcas didn't like the way Philippa looked."That's enough questions for the evening. May I please speak with you in private?"Dorcas's chair scraped the floor that startled none of them. She pulled him into the hallway and glanced over her shoulder to see that Philippa still hadn't moved. She was watching her tea get cold. Grandpa nearly oblivious to the entire scene with a faint smile on his quiet old, sweet face. She turned around completely and told her friend she would be right here, just off to the side and that, in fact, since it was so late that she would spend the night. Lupin started to make an objection and stopped himself. He too, would spend the night. If Dorcas had still been sitting across from her Philippa, she would have seen her close her eyes. From where they stood, Lupin could see past Dorcas's shoulder. Phillipa exhaled deeply, wrapped her hands around the teacup and brought it to her lips to drink.Philippa trusted her friend then and honored what she had been told. She let the man into her house because he had called her by her real name. He sat at the kitchen table and she made him tea. She would be getting the news finally of what had happened or at least confirmation for what she knew, what she had known all along."Your friend, she's gone. She has died".She knew that. She had not been prepared to finally have those words spoken out loud by a stranger but, she knew. The man was a little confused to notice her reaction.Still, she said, a sense of formality in her tone "Thank you for letting me know".He had understood that they had been very close. He decided against telling her what had happened unless she asked. She decided that she did not need to know the details. When it had happened, how. It was all the same now."Your home is very cozy." The man said looking around the flat."It is." She said looking directly at him.It was time for him to go but there was something bothering him and she could tell, maybe he wanted to tell her more. She could tell he was determining what to say and how to say it even as he started speaking ."I don't want to know".He smiled more to himself. "I don't want to give you any more information than you would like to know or that would take away your peace.""Thank you.""If I could ask you? I would like to know one thing."That evening when she had been sent away, she had been given a long list of instructions. Her going away bag was now several times smaller than when she had packed it herself. She was given instructions on who she could and could not and should not speak to and how to tell all of these people apart but not when the danger would pass. She was not told when and how she would know when the threat lifted and when she could go home or if she ever could. She knew that this was for her own safety. She had reasoned that maybe she would be told by one of these many people. But she knew also that if anything were to ever happen to Dorcas… She understood people's priorities. She understood that she may not be one of those priorities with her friend gone. Many people had however tried to find Philippa precisely for that reason, because they were friends. As it turned out many more people considered Dorcas a friend and that they too honored their friend's instructions.

Dorcas woke up with a series of knots on the right side of her neck. She had seen a man crack his skull during whichever series of spells that had been cast in his direction. Part of a wall had been torn down and trapped others underneath it and, this time, Alastor had not been there to hold it up. She had seen people die before but not like this. Not this many people at once. No one seemed nearly as disturbed as she felt. She pictured the man falling and that she could hear him even if she would have been too far. The sound of his head hitting the floor. She heard it. Her memory had the right noise at the right place. And the number of people under the wall- She decided fairly early in her training to do more harm than good and this confirmed that choice. She could not live with the idea that she could be so cavalier, so unintentional with her magic. That she would send a spell flying off and hurt someone that way and she didn't have to because she had not. The man floated in the air and Emmeline let him fall. She was already onto the next spell, the next person. It was only the spell that Dorcas cast too late and that someone on the man's side caught his foot and angled his body so he fell with the top of his spine and head hitting the floor first not from a great height but was loud enough for Dorcas to hear from across the hall.Dorcas went downstairs to find Emmeline eating a jam sandwich and speaking with Edgar at the table."Morning." Chipper as she could manage, as if nothing had happened."Sleep well did you?" Edgar asked over a plate of late breakfast."Not really." Dorcas admitted. The color of the jam made Dorcas crane her neck."It will get better," he said. He nodded to emphasize as if her expression had betrayed her. It had. He was talking about the crick in her neck.He had never experienced this but he saw it in other people. Same with Emmeline. She didn't think ill of Dorcas, though she didn't like her, or even that she wasn't a fighter, she was, she saw it but she worked too much on the defensive. The people they were fighting called for offensive strategy, to be proactive and to approach each event with the same and equal amount of energy, as she had said during a briefing. Dorcas thought the word she had meant to use was violence. She didn't approach to hurt anyone, Emmeline claimed when one of these briefings had devolved, as they more recently had, into loud shouting matches. Sirius and her at each others throats. Sirius being the only one who disliked her for the same aristocratic upbringing that he himself had. Emmeline insisted that the point was always to disarm or slow down the opposing side but Dorcas witnessed as much "energy" from her as anyone else. She witnessed a man lose consciousness, his coat collar squeezing at his neck, blocking his inability to say the counterspell to let him loose. A piece of window flying at a foul speed lodged in someone's chest that insisted, by magic, that it make it through to the other side of this body which it did until it sought out another and then another. Then this. This one. Dorcas craned her neck mashing at her shoulder. Edgar gazed at her and felt a deep affection for Dorcas. She really was sweet. He continued to look at her standing there, her very obvious desire to just be around other people as a distraction while she gazed into the air not paying attention to anything in particular still trying to fix the soreness in her neck and her neck getting more sore for her trouble. He went back to his meal, smiling at his food. Emmeline caught him looking at her. It was a second. It was nothing really. He looked up, smiled and returned to his food smiling even harder."Your neck, is it alright?" Dorcas didn't answer. They both looked at her."Dorcas," Emmeline said irritated. Edgar looked at her.She really could be like this sometimes. He knew that and made a type of peace with it. Dorcas looked at them, Emmeline's eyebrows raised in inquisition. Had they said something? She couldn't have told you what it was or how long she'd been standing there."Your neck, Dorcas?" Emmeline must have repeated the question. Dorcas nodded and walked away realizing she hadn't actually said anything."I'm going to lay down." She smiled in an absent-minded way.Dorcas bumped into a wall on her way back up the stairs where she went straight to the bathroom. From downstairs, they could hear the sound of the water heater creaking to life refilling the pipes that would fill the tub. After what felt like an hour, Edgar eating slower than usual to not have to meet Emmeline's gaze, the faucet went off. Upstairs the tub had been expanded in several direction so that Dorcas could submerge herself and stare through several inches of water above her.His plate cleared, nearly licked clean, he looked at Emmeline saddened. And she knew what it meant, what it could mean, that sappy puppy look. Which was absurd! This tall, huge-shouldered, muscular man really had some nerve to allow his face to ever attempt to look like anyone's baby anything! That wouldn't work! Anyway, Dorcas was a damn goody-two robes. She wouldn't dare in a million years and for all the world. Emmeline had half a mind to call her a weakling though she knew it wasn't true. She understood why Alastor and Dorcas got along, they would stop a battle to help the helpless, block or rebound a spell before casting one of their own (she knew that to block a spell one would have to be cast but that was not the point).Emmeline's mind raced. Churned. Dorcas really hadn't even looked at Edgar like that. She had barely noticed either of them and Edgar's smile had no effect on Dorcas the way it did on h-. Hmm, she thought. Dorcas wouldn't but he very much would. How did she know that? She wondered. She snorted to herself. She looked up to catch him glancing up at her and smiling sweetly and it made her sick and angry."Why don't you check on her in the bath? Ask if you can rub her shoulders?" she questioned. His smile widened one side then the other."Why would I do that knowing how angry it would make you, my love? Why don't I rub your back instead?" he said in between clearing the table, raising his eyebrows in a rhythm. It made her angrier. He really thinks he is so adorable."She's not my type." Edgar said facing the sink, his back turned to Emmeline while he waved his wand to start doing the dishes."Which is?" Lies from Merlin's dusty beard! She wanted to see his face when he said that."Kind, sweet, easily disturbed…""She's a mouse." Emmeline snapped loudly. Dorcas didn't hear her, underwater as she was. Alastor hadn't heard her, on watch as he was. Alice Longbottom, didn't care as pregnant as she felt. Her husband didn't mind as smitten with Alice as he was. Lupin didn't either, sleeping as he was. Sirius had already woken up but planned on insisting on telling her later to not wake the house when she knew how busy it had been for all of them the evening before ready to argue as he was.Edgar's chuckle caught him off guard. A dish plopped back into the soapy water in the sink. She really was angry. He turned and walked to the table, kissed her on the cheek.He wouldn't dare."I wouldn't dare." he said lowering his voice in earnest and in contrast to Emmeline's voice moments before.He couldn't. Dorcas didn't look at him twice and she was very easily disturbed, that was true, and his hands were tied, Emmeline made sure of that. Truth was, Dorcas was very much his type but the position had been filled. Emmeline, too, was his type and, well, she wasn't going anywhere and wouldn't let him act up any more than he did. Emmeline would keep him honest, so to speak and they both left the matter at the table and when he said he wouldn't dare, she knew he was telling the truth because for as much as a mouse as she believed Dorcas to be, she knew and saw the day before that she wasn't stupid and, even worse, that Dorcas, fortunately or unfortunately for Emmeline, wasn't at all that desperate.

He had seen something like this before. Lord Voldemort paced around the room still heated by the fire on the hearth. He was always slightly chilled now. His body temperature needing greater warmth even as his disciples used all sorts of magic to prevent themselves from sweating, to keep themselves composed under the literal heat. That didn't matter so much now. Some of these people could not feel the cold or the heat anymore and would not feel it, or anything else, ever again. He had been angry that time and he somehow contained his anger but what he felt now passed out of time and collected into a deadly rage. I cannot tell you how angry or what the color of it was but the general shape looked like many bodies on the floor. Very many. He had let them fall and fall and fall.***He had had to see this for himself. He had paced around the hall as he did this room surveying the wreckage. This one folded under him or herself, this one's bone sticking out of there. Someone would clean it up and it wouldn't be him. He had scrubbed enough floors in his time and coupled with this smell? He hated this smell. That was the worst of all. He could barely think when he first walked in with Bellatrix, Severus and Rozier. It took seeing what happened to refocus his thoughts. This one on the floor with his brains blown out of the back of his head jammy and stinking. There was tile piled on one side of the room. Dorcas had made the floor move under them. Lord Voldemort smiled to himself. They might have slipped, become disoriented but someone had killed this one on the floor on purpose. Who was he? He sustained a low murmur that the four of them ignored. He wasn't dead then? People like this man were making him look bad! What business did this nameless nobody have in this fight in the first place? It could have been anyone responsible for the dozen or so people later pulled out of this hall with its tall ceilings out of the rubble. The muggles' families would have to be alerted. A release for the muggle news. Dorcas had created an environment in which to do all of this. That's what they thought at least. Lord Voldemort knew better. She was hardly the reason all of these people had died and yet for all of this chaos, he recognized that she threatened his plans. That incident earlier had probably made her sick and to the best of his knowledge she had never done anything like it before and had not since. He had ordered that she be brought in then. Yet not one of all the people he had sent on his direct orders had come back with her. He had heard her name several times before that moment but, until then, had no occasion to remember it until one day, for whatever reason, he did."That name sounds familiar." He thought, mining his memories and accurately placing its previous uses. He kept hearing her name over again. He heard her first described as "Moody's girl", then "the mudblood" which Severus made a grand show of not doing. Ha! So dramatic. And, very occasionally and briefly, she was referred to by her last name and then finally "the auror". When she died, they had believed the threat had passed. They had even brought out a bottle of a sweet, magical wine from the Malfoy's collection (really, it had most likely come from the Black family as a wedding gift or dowry). Lord Voldemort opened it himself. They believed that he would be happy? What did they think, those who still could, those who were still alive? What did they think would happen?Severus knew from the very first toast that something would happen and he couldn't wait to witness some people getting their due even as he mapped out a plan of protection in his head. His Lordship insisted on opening the ancient bottle of Satiativa. An ancient vintage. Ancient. This should have tipped them all off but alas. His Lordship had to handle it with a serviette wrapped around the neck of the bottle just so as was tradition, preserving the dust. An empty bottle would cost a small vaults worth of equally ancient currency and he would enjoy the drink immensely. Sip on what only a few wizards could only dream of tasting if they even knew it still existed. It would be a good one. The finest, thinnest stemmed cordial glass appeared in front of each of them at the table. When the cork popped it released not only the pressure in the bottle but the remaining tension in the room. They were safe, they thought, as Lord Voldemort poured into the slightly larger cut glassware in front of himself. The glasses around the table filled simultaneously. He set the bottle down gently. The auror is dead. Dorcas Meadowes is dead. Finally. Severus could feel everything and everyone around him, the relief. He learned long ago that this was a sham of a feeling. He learned a long time ago that an exhalation is done in private, that someone is only safe if they are asleep and sometimes not even then. How do you really know if someone is asleep? How do you know if they aren't just playing dead? Lord Voldemort lifted his glass and all in attendance lifted their glasses in unison. Some people were smiling. Some had tears in their eyes. Joy? Severus looked up at Lord Voldemort from his seat on His right. Regulus across from Severus. Bellatrix diagonal from her nephew, same proximity as Severus but on Lord Voldemort's left hand side."A toast!"There it was. There it was! Severus felt what was a largely imperceptible shift in tone, in inflection. He knew that set-up. He personally had done nothing wrong and he knew his Lordship would not do anything to him but there were reflective surfaces in the room. A spell could bounce off of so many polished things here. Some spells could go through another person and his Lordship was nothing if not precise and elegant but Severus heard it, he felt it. He saw it in his Lordship, he heard it in those two words. Severus could drop under the table and start incantations if he needed to and would explain it away later. But now, he would wait. He would know the time to move. He always knew the time to move, he was still here after all. Still alive."A toast to…"He was angry and here these sops were smiling, grinning away, elated. Maybe Snape wouldn't hide under the table. He might die happy knowing that these half-wits were stripped of their histories. He might enjoy to watch it."Regulus!"Regulus Black inclined his head slightly and slowly as Lord Voldemort enumerated on the toast. He learned fast, Severus had to credit him for that. It never crossed his mind that he was an excellent teacher. That the gesture was copied as Regulus had seen Severus do it. That the gesture, the body language was all Severus."To Regulus!" They all affirmed.They lifted their glasses to sip. And it was perfect. They didn't, they couldn't make anything like this anymore. Severus went through the list of ingredients in his head as he savored the light, green, sparkling sweetness; the slightly, piney astringency. He would be satisfied with the memory of having tasted something, anything with belbarberries. He went over the process for extracting and stilling the juices as described in an old text. The fermentation taking years and the vintage, theorized to be stable forever if made correctly. If not, it could kill a cast of hippogriff dead with a few drops. Those drops were said, per another primary observational text written during the experiments conducted before the ministry existed, even before the " olde vvitch coda", to be so divine, so transcendent that for centuries there was a time when wizards and witches brewed it incorrectly just to taste, just to try it and it was through this that the plant was harvested to extinction and made the correctly prepared wine (really a potion) so rare and expensive. This also wiped out an estimated tenth of England's wizarding population, a point of history still taught, with gusto, in France.Severus sipped again leaving a remainder and felt the bubbles break up his thoughts and piece them back together in a lighter hue. When he set down his glass again, the goblet portion of the glass filled slowly as did everyone else's at the table according to how much they drank. All of them well-bred, or well-read, enough to know to leave a little left over, that their glass would be refilled from the large bottle at the table if they left a little in their own glasses and when that was gone there would be no more.Severus knew he would not have to scramble under the table like a fool. Regulus now knew that too. He too could now sense the shift in Lord Voldemort's voice as He raised His glass to toast the next person. And from Severus he knew that he would be safe and spared whatever was approaching in the invisible, blood-filled storm cloud conjured by Lord Voldemort's voice if only he just sat quietly and very still.

"Tell her. If anything happens to me".If they weren't direct friends of Dorcas, they were friends of friends of friends who loved the person before them enough to uphold what became a long line of people who needed to pass on the information to a woman named Petal until the line of people became so long that people carrying it did not know or had not been told how important the name was. That calling this woman by this name was crucial information and not a misunderstanding or incidental information. There were a strange number of very skilled, highly trained, over competent wizards and witches who took on the responsibility to find this woman and yet only one had. It was only by coincidence that the man now sitting at her kitchen table had taken it upon himself not out of love for the people around him but as a point of curiosity. Why could they not find this one person? This one person didn't have magic of her own. Or did she? Did she? Why had no one ever considered the possibility? Had they? Yet it was a coincidence, the most common magic, one not under the direct control of wizards, and as unwieldy and unpredictable in the hands of muggles, that he had found her.Alastor knew that Philippa had the portkey now because Dorcas had told him. He was the second person after Lupin who had been told directly to go find Philippa, in case. Dorcas at this time was avoiding Alastor because he needed her to go into hiding for her safety. That was when it started. No, it actually started sooner than that but she was avoiding him because she didn't want to listen to whatever new argument he had come up with in the space of time that she made herself scarce but this was urgent and important. She told him that she didn't want to discuss anything else but what to do if something were to happen to her. You know what Philippa looks like, she knows you. That she had told Lupin also. Find her and tell her.Lupin had been told because Dorcas knew then that he had the skill and that he knew all of England's dark and light places. If Lupin couldn't find her, Alastor would but they couldn't. So Lupin told Peter who he knew also loved Philippa and could be trusted and could fit into small places. Alastor told Edgar and both tried until, well. Edgar had told his sister, Amelia who had also been at the party and knew what she looked like, though hadn't stayed long enough to speak with her. After the death of her brother, she became obsessed with trying to find this woman she barely knew and she also told Emmeline who already knew because, of course she did. Emmeline told Kingsley because she didn't have anyone else to tell and Kingsley told Lydia who had been worried since she had stopped receiving letters from Philippa and had her own recent letters forwarded back to her. So she told Prisha who told Daniel. Lydia also told a ward sister at St. Mungo's and that sister told two other people one of whom was actually a sister of the ward sister. And it was through one of these people that he first heard Philippa's name. And then he too, eventually was asked by both Alastor and Kingsley directly which was strange. He found very many people were looking for this woman and he wanted to know why they couldn't find her. He was very busy collecting memories and trying to find a way to win a war that he believed might be unwinnable but something told him to find out why, that this would reveal something to him or not, and he always listened to this voice. It was this same voice that led him to sit through a radio program about a garden of talking flowers years ago that he found delightful. He had stood and listened to the whole program having caught it near the end and then heard it again and this program was a comfort during a particularly exhausting time in his life and this voice told him to find the name of the program and he had forgotten it.One of these wizards had called the woman before him Dorcas's sister. But Dorcas hadn't any sisters. No brothers. Really, no family to speak of which is what made her good at her job or that's what the rumor was. She had nothing or very little to lose. The woman in front of her being one of them. He had to follow her from work several times. He knew this is where she stayed, he knew that he would have to approach her carefully and as was his way, he spoke to the old channels and also by coincidence and a stroke of luck her old nickname since in another stroke of luck, no one had told him directly to call her Petal. That would have been easy. He didn't like easy. He didn't trust easy. Once a long time ago he thought something could be so simple and it broke what remained of his family and that dovetailed into breaking a lot of other people's homes because of what he thought he understood. Now? There had been a radio playing when he first saw her. She had smiled and hummed along with the tune walking past him from the hospital. She hadn't heard the show in such a long time, neither had he.Philippa would have pretended to be someone else which in fact happened once. He had called her name and she had pretended she was someone else. Dorcas' instructions were simple. If Philippa didn't recognize the person, they were not to be trusted. If they wore these symbols they were not to be trusted. If they spoke this and on and on and on and since their last meeting to now she had forgotten many of the details and was comfortable now to live, to wander, to be. The threat it appears had passed, until he showed up. She hoped the rest of her life wouldn't be this and them forever. But one cannot not know. Or maybe she could ask this man? How he could not know this information, that they weren't sisters, but know what to call her did not cross her mind. She was aware near the end that Dorcas must be powerful. She witnessed someone half bow to her once on their way out and thought this not only excessive but funny until she learned the details. She always wanted to know the details. Not this time. What she did not know was that this man was also powerful. He was even more skilled than his friend and that was the only reason he was there."When did you come back here?" He asked.This man asked a lot of agitating questions. Hadn't he said he just wanted to ask one question? He sounded like a social worker and this irritated her enough to dull some of her fear and its familiarity compelled her to answer. The social workers at the hospital were worn down but they asked questions to understand so they could help. Maybe he was something of a social worker?"Months," This is not the answer the man expected, Philippa could tell."I thought you said you lived in Ireland.""No, thats where I was moved, relocated. I might have been there for only a matter of days before I came back into the country." She avoided using the proper terminology. She was tired.Those days had been very long which accounted for the lapse in her judgement of time. but everyone she was supposed to meet, everyone she encountered did their job. She was fed then moved and then told she could sleep here and move there and take this with you and talk to this person. Days? It had been more than two weeks. Her mind consolidated the time out of necessity. The man asked for more tea and while she had not seen this man take a sip, the cup was empty before she reflexively moved to get more. Instead she stayed seated."I know who you are.""You do?""I don't know exactly, but I know what you might be capable of doing and that you don't need me to get a cup of tea, to have my back turned or anything like that, so even though you don't need to tell me I'd like to know why you're here and to tell you to leave." Everything Philippa said came out in one long sentence.The man smiled, "I'm not here to hurt you." He replied."That's not what I said." Philippa did not smile."I'm here to tell you about your friend""And you have. Yes, i think its time for you to go now.".He bowed his head gently. Philippa noticed his teacup was full again but didn't notice when he had filled it again."I will leave but i would like to know the timeline also. I'm afraid I have not been completely honest with you. You see, many people have tried to find you and tell you and none of them, including me initially, could even find you to let you know. If you have been here all along, I'm trying to understand how this could be." He certainly did work for a social service. The even tone in his voice, his patience. She understood how some of her patients felt during such a soft-tempered interrogation. She wanted to roll her eyes.Philippa considered all of the people trying to find her and couldn't because of some reason or another. All of the potential reasons she could imagine, she wanted their source to go away, to vanish as if by. She wanted to laugh and cry at the same time because of the thought.She took a steady deep inhalation and answered, "I went to Ireland via portkey. I moved around and I came back into the country using the same portkey and moved and moved and moved and lived with someone shortly and that person helped me find a flat, this one where I have been almost two months. There it is." She unloaded this information on the same exhalation out and she felt lighter.Had she said portkey? How? He would investigate later. He could tell she was getting tired. News moved very quickly during a war not all of it was accurate but the fact that Dorcas had been killed was accurate. It was known that Lord Voldemort was looking for Dorcas and had killed her. That was also accurate. Once the news had been discovered, confirmed the Order of the Phoenix was informed, what was left of it, and that news spread through the allied channels and in days maybe a week at the most, someone was looking for Philippa and no one had stopped. There might be someone looking for her right now and she had been in England for months and this flat for weeks at least."Thank you, Ms. Groves." The man said instead.Then she felt it. It felt like a small knock on the door of her mind. She was suddenly in a smaller house on the inside side of the door and she knew the man was standing on the other side and that she could open the door or not. She did not. It was better than last time. At least he knocked, she thought.He had never encountered anything like this. He didn't know muggles could do this at all. He only tried to make his job faster but instead of wandering around in her mind he had encountered a door made out of lead. He had to knock and from his side he saw a little sliding gate with her eyes peering through and she scrutinized him looking him up and down and her eyes registered a type of displeasure or disgust. When the little door was slid shut he found himself back in the kitchen again. Again, he thought, she is not a confirmed muggle. And yet could a muggle also be an occlumens? This was occlumency (wasn't it?) but he had never experienced it this way. And again, he didn't think it on the top layer of his mind but deep down in the wells of knowing himself a little jet that moved the currents of who he was. You can't even tell if she's a witch or a muggle. You recognize a part and not the whole. You need more information. Said differently, he appreciated that this would not be easy. Reading her thoughts would have been easy. He understood something else that day about people and, though small, he would add it to the small ball of hate he nurtured for himself that he watered occasionally in the hopes of growing a garden of sorts. Instead, and someday soon he knew, it would melt into sludge that would coat every corner of his life until he couldn't live with himself or the war ate them all whole. Sludgey corners and all."It's time for you to go now."Did she understand what had happened, he wondered?"Good day Mr.-" she said as she got up from the table. She did not know his name. He had in fact told her while she was walking in but she did not remember it nervous yet reassured as she was."Albus. Dumbledore." The man said getting up from the table. Outstretching a hand that she did not take.Not these ridiculous names again, thought Philippa. She wouldn't let herself be bothered by what had just not happened. She needed to get him out of the house and he knew that. He dropped his hand and took no offense to this knowing what he had tried and failed to do and also feeling no shame in having tried."Ms. Meadowes, she was very talented. A very good witch. Dorcas was an excellent witch."They were at the door now. Philippa had not been prepared to hear Dorcas' name in past tense. That is what hit her. That's what drew the tears to her eyes and set them sparkling in her face. And the witch part, she did not care one way or another."She, she valued friendship and goodness. She. Thank you." Philippa opened the door."Thank you for everything you've told me today, Ms. Groves. Would you like me to visit again?""That won't be necessary Mr.- Sorry, what was it?""No need to apologize. Albus." He said as he surveyed the door frame slightly distracted. He turned on the other side and smiled a thinned, wan smile. He tipped a hat on his head that Philippa hadn't notced him carrying. He lighted down the steps looking both ways as he crossed the street with his long legs, like a determined spider. He did look back over his shoulder a glance at the building and not at her, the smile was gone replaced by the look of concern and intensity he had while studying the door. She watched him walk in the direction of the hospital until he was part of the crowd and she stood there closing the door gently behind her."No one could find you." She had been protected all along and felt some frustration which would come later in feeling that she had wasted all that time afraid for nothing.It seemed unfair that someone could bring that much sadness into a room, into a house and then leave without looking over their shoulder at her. She understood she told him not to come back but he could have asked, en route, out of the door, "are you okay with all of that?" Even if he hadn't waited for the answer. Maybe he wasn't a social worker after all.Philippa opened a small door in the kitchen and shut the door behind her she pushed on a wall and it opened up silent to another small hall which she crawled into. She went down this hall and opened up to the space between the flats. This space had originally been used as a space to get to the outside windows easier for cleaning. It had been repurposed during a war to keep the neighbors of the flat in communication and access to each others homes to hide in if there were raids. The landlady, Robin would have told her this if Philippa had asked. Philippa went up a steep flight of steps and knocked on a door even smaller than the one she'd gone through. She opened the door to a furnished space. She went through the flat and down a flight of carpeted steps where she ran into her landlady, the person she wanted to speak with. This was not an emergency but she really needed someone to talk to.

"A man visited me today." The old woman's body froze."No, I'm fine. I mean. He came to tell me that my friend. My friend has died." The woman relaxed and also saddened reached over to hold the younger woman's hands in her own."I'm so sorry.""I knew but someone just came with the news. This was the emergency.""How?"The old woman's face betrayed the question and so reflexive is this question that Philippa heard it though the woman did not speak the words. It's so strange that people ask this and yet she wanted to know. We all always want to know.Philippa doubled over. "Peacefully. Quietly." She chanted to herself. Maybe there was magic there, too. Maybe by saying it enough times, it would be true. Philippa hoped it was. She wanted to say Dorcas died in her sleep. She died an even older woman than you but really she knew. If Dorcas lived as an auror, as a member of the Order maybe it wasn't peaceful but, it was good enough to think it had been. That's not what the old woman had meant. That's not the "how" the old woman was asking. Robin meant how did Philippa know her friend was gone. But not only did she not press the matter further, Robin let the young woman cry silently.Philippa felt something had lifted but, for all the feeling of lightness and sadness and resignation, her feet carried her past her flat and as far away in the opposite direction that the man had gone. She would not and did not think about Dorcas or the man or the news he brought or anything else. When she was ready and after her walk, she would return home as she had.Philippa would never say in her head what Dorcas was which became easier and easier as the old, sad parts began to break up and evaporate and leave mostly only the good parts. Philippa lived to be an old woman, past the age of her very old landlady who lived stunningly long for no other reason that she still wanted to be there in case Philippa ever did come back. Philippa would die warm in the comfort of her bed falling into a gentle, deep, dreamless sleep and then falling further into the greatest stillness, her family asleep in the other rooms (and what a full and happy, beautiful family it was). Up to that very moment from the day that she met the man and all through the next war, which she knew involved wizards and magic, aurors, dragons, witches, potions, spells all kept hidden behind the thin veil of what she knew was called the Statute of Secrecy, Philippa would never mention her friend or say Dorcas' name out loud again for the rest of her life.

Phillipa was gone now. Dorcas felt very much alone and had not anticipated how sick she would feel. She had watched a lot of people die in her time. A lot some the direct cause of… that did not matter. Phillipa had been sent away and now, all of it, everything, she felt at once. Dorcas had the strange sensation that she had turned around and someone had thrown the entire weight of the war at her and her reflexive action was to hold her arms out even as she knew it would snap her in half, would kill her. All those people- She understood how serious it was but she hadn't felt it. She had had someone to normalize and even everything out, she couldn't talk about the details but there was her old self, her old life, a tether to who she had been and therefore was and now she knew she was in for it. All of that gone with the whooshing sound followed by the pop of someone traveling by portkey. Now she could feel what it was doing to everyone around her even as she stumbled down the street which was quiet thankfully, mercifully. With every step she could feel the weight of everything get heavier even as the load remained the same. The energy required to move it all, to keep them all safe, all the time as best as she personally could. She had the strange sensation too that she could hear everyone in their home breathing. That as she passed a house she could hear everyone's individual breath and that winded her, from the outside looking at her she appeared as she did a woman going somewhere. She remained as composed as ever but even she walked faster than usual, she had no where to go.She accelerated her pace until she nearly skipped and then you would have seen that this woman needed to get where she was going or she was going to die right there mid-prance. If you were close enough, you would have seen her sweat and what exactly was she looking for? Was she being chased, who was chasing her? And oh, God. What's wrong with her? She wasn't crying in the familiar sense of the word, her eyes were full of tears, her face was covered in tears, and her hand over her heart. She was going to die. Dorcas could hear the breathing in the houses and her own breath and felt like she sat in the mouth of an enormous city-sized animal, warm and damp and alive. All of that training, all of those fights and the many more she had assumed would come would be for nothing. The thing that killed her would be saying goodbye to Phillipa. Fitting, she found it. There was a space between two homes where this neighborhood used to have gardens, before they started fitting houses in between the spaces of other houses. It was insignificant but so were the insides of the new constructions. Compared to the houses it sat next to it looked like it had been made a clearing instead of the clearing it naturally was and so small scraps found its way into this space. She exchanged one hand for the one over her heart trying to keep whatever was falling out of her soul in. She steadied herself against the bricking that separated the space before taking out her wand and tapping it against the wall and throwing a spell above her head moving her arm in one fluid motion above her. The air rippled and a small, gentle wave of air flowed above her head. The natural conclusion of that gesture ended with her letting go of her wand and it landing a short distance in front of her hand and her body falling, collapsing a little bit behind it.Dorca woke up what felt like days later which had in fact only been a few short hours, if that. Panicking she found herself reach for her pockets. There it was on the ground where it had remained, she reached for her wand remembering how and why she was there. She rolled over enough to tuck it back into her jacket without bothering to check the defenses she had set up or establish new ones. The weight now sat on her back and she found it difficult and pointless to move. What did it matter now? When had it ever mattered? She had failed in stopping everything up to this point and most likely would continue to fail. She had not considered what it would mean for her to lose certain things and now they were lost anyway even if she had. She could not have fought harder, the Order could not have fought harder, Lord Voldemort could not have been less cruel, and if it had worked then it might be another her in a different time or place doing the same thing at that very moment. Defeated. But she did not consider any of this once she could feel her wand against her ribcage as uncomfortable as it was, and almost without changing her body position from how she laid when she collapsed, she moved her left arm slightly under her head to shield her face against the grass and weeds blinked at the wall in front of her ignoring the tears streaming down her face and, closing her eyes, she decided to die but, instead just fell back asleep.***In the house to the right of this little field lived a couple. One of that couple was out on business and that left the bed deliciously wide and cozy. They loved each other yet when he woke up to go to the bathroom, he recognized in a sleepy way, for all that love that people, including his wife, should have the good fortune of sleeping alone in a big bed knowing that someone somewhere still loves them. At the very moment hundreds of miles away, the woman this man married woke up instinctively realized he wasn't there to wake her up at this very time, stretched like a big cat and fell back to sleep smiling. The man in his half sleep went to the window drawn as he was like all life to the light and looked out onto what could have been a garden below and smarted. The small space, littered with scraps of paper and overgrown slightly with weeds and native soft grass was still dark. The day had not made it to the spot yet even as the sun was still sliding up higher into the sky. It was if the whole lot was still in darkness, still stuck in the night and, it too, was waking up. He did not communicate it to himself but he perceived a strange sensation that it was also underwater. That he was staring at the bottom of the dark lot submersed in an exceptionally clear pool of water. He went to the bathroom as if nothing odd had happened. "Still tired", he thought to himself as awake as he was. When he returned he went back to the window and looked at the lot again. He breathed a sigh of relief. This time the space appeared as it always had when he woke up, that he really must have slept so well that he had imagined it. A nervousness, a tenseness that he didn't realize was building up in his body evaporated with the sigh. The sun was even higher and the day about to start but he could manage an hour more of sleep. So odd how quickly the day started. How fast the sun could move so you barely noticed it rising or setting. He got back in bed. Chuckling to himself at how silly he was to have even imagined such a thing. He managed to get back to sleep and would be greeted by the movement of the neighborhood but found that the bed was suddenly too big for him to enjoy. He would not have noticed a well dressed woman with her hands shoved deep into her pockets making her way to no place in particular because the window did not face that direction. He would not have thought the two in any way related: the lot at night in the day and the woman. Why would they have been related at all? He had merely imagined the former after all.

Alastor had stopped crying years ago. Dorcas mentioned that they were just rumors. Just rumors of what Alastor and his class had done, she didn't give any details but she didn't have to. She knew. All the aurors knew. This was before it became a reputable profession. It was during the old wars. Alastor soaked in the tub and felt like he had the misfortune of being born during so many wars, always a war going on until he was old enough to fight in them himself. Dorcas didn't have to give any more details because even if she didn't know details she could sketch out in her mind what those rumors meant based on the horrors of her own auror training. They had done terrible, terrible truly awful things in his time. They had been taught a different style, a more forward way, a quicker way. A lot of people had to pay for that training including him. The good guys. He couldn't cry now. He dried out.That's what they had called it once the nightmares started, once the old dogs started speaking and he found out that he wasn't the only one who woke up screaming or crying or back there where they didn't belong or with this person or in this coffin or. They had called it drying out when they started to lose sensation, a sense of feeling like what a normal person should feel like in certain situations. Joy at a child's birthday, fear for one's life looking down from a broom. Affection, tenderness, sadness, anger, all gone, just husk now. He thought that was funny and yet he still did feel and just couldn't or wouldn't cry. Remus had told him that he had buried the body. She was now safe and Alastor would stay grateful for Remus' kind gesture until he died. It would have been his undoing, believing, knowing that she was gone because of him. That's what Dorcas had said. She said she would never forgive Alastor. Never forgive him for saying the words, that combination of sounds that unlocked the one reason she would go into hiding in the first place. He had racked his mind over how to get her to safety. It crossed his mind to send a mark over her house but he hadn't had to and was also thankful that he hadn't told anyone about his plan though someone else had the idea.Maybe he should have, if he had been the one to do it, she would have traveled to the other side of the world to get away from him. She would never speak to him but she would be alive and far away and safe. Now she was close and safe but not alive. Anyway. Anyway. Her home smelled clean and cold and he wasn't the romantic romantic, sentimental type which made him and her and all excellent aurors good at their job. He remembers that he sat on the edge of her bed and looked around and successfully blocked one of the last moments they had been together. Initially he told her "go for yourself" for your own safety." What a foolish choice of words and this he smiled at, she was too tired to find this funny at the time. The mark, her friend, the everything, she was just too tired. The mark is what really set her off though. There was so much miscommunication all the time. He marveled in every instance how quickly she had found out and the chaos that a misinterpretation could cause. Dorcas mind finally cracked under the weight. She was a real auror now. She would have been unstoppable if she hadn't been stopped. He could remember vaguely from training how to tell the last spells on a wand but had asked Lydia to find someone at the ministry to do it. He would send an owl to meet in a candy shop in Diagon Ally and this young man, this child, he thought, knew enough wandlore to assess in the broadest way what had happened.There were deflections, protections and a rarely used and inconsistent deflection. Used once, followed by defenses and then nothing. Alastor had asked what the one meant. She had not attempted to kill him. You couldn't tell the speed in which the spells cast anyway but after the last deflection? Nothing. He brought back her wand and after learning what happened, after learning what really happened and leaning also that the wandlore was so difficult to interpret because it ultimately didn't matter. He had learned too late, as he was going to her that she was already going, going, going somewhere else where no magic could bring her back. He had kissed her once on the forehead and he wasn't sentimental. He blocked the idea of wrapping his arms around her of telling her how proud he was of her, of taking her face in his hands again and kissing her again. On the forehead. And hugging her again and telling her again that he was proud of her and looping on itself until he got old and died first as it should have been. Safety. What had he been thinking?***The words that sent her away were "do it for me". They brought tears to Dorcas' eyes. He had seen her angry and sad and scared that and this went beyond that because she folded inwards and he saw in her face many very heavy doors shut and lock after he said them. He should not have said those words and she said she would never forgive him for saying them. That's what she had said the last time they had spoken. That was the last thing she ever said to him. And he was ok with that but she was right. Surprise.It was an old dramatic thing to do, burning someone else's wand, burning a colleague's wand. You would think with all that magic, with all the life tethered to it and all the memory it held that there would be a spark of color a sparkle, a shimmer, something to say: I acted as an extension of this person. He thought for a moment, he let himself believe that hers would turn into a bouquet of flowers like a muggle magic trick. HA. That burning it would swing a door open somewhere and she would walk in and let him kiss her and hold her and that together they would find the incantations, the ingredients to rewind everything so that when she was born she entered a world where there was no war, no job, no him. The wand was laid over kindling, some parchment, and under a log. He thought to do this in her own place but it wasn't after all, her place, not anymore. He did it at headquarters alone in the middle of the night when people were either on duty or awake pacing in their rooms or sleeping if they could anymore. He stopped himself from saying sorry in his mind. He touched the edge of his wand to the kindling and watched as the wand caught on fire and burned like everything else in the fireplace. It too, after all, was mostly wood.

The party went swimmingly. Several people showed up early to make preparations and, as should have been assumed, everyone fell as in love with Philippa as they already were with Dorcas. As they should have, as was the natural order. They were extensions of one another and what they admired in one was magnified in the other. When Philippa was cornered to discuss one topic they found that Dorcas could expand on it. When one could be found singing a song in one room, the other would catch the same song at a different point in another, completely separated from each other. That Dorcas had worried about Philippa not having her own friends there was of no importance to anyone including Philippa herself. It was she who had initiated their friendship so long ago noticing the relationship between their names and, with Dorcas' friends too, she made it so that everyone felt that they had been friends all along which they had been through this same person that she loved.The walls were sound proofed unbeknownst to Dorcas at the time which she realized after stepping out to get some air and greet the next visitors. She walked through her own fire gate and didn't understand the implications of that but it did not affect anything she didn't think. With the door closed behind her the evening was as still as it was without a party of drunk wizard adults weren't hosting a birthday party during a war. When the door swung open again and sound flooded out and it seemed even louder than it was for the contrast. Trays of food floated throughout the house and there were several types of different lubricating beverages bobbing in the air being passed from one guest to the next. Someone burped out a small ball of fire, Philippa made a note to stay away from anything that wasn't water from the tap unsure if she witnessed what happened accurately or was starting to hallucinate because of whatever she herself had drank earlier.Dorcas was now on the couch covered in a blanket with Philippa at the other end, their legs tangled together keeping each other warm. The Pruitts were sitting on the floor playing cards with Basil. In the corner, Remus danced with a bottle of something clutched in one hand to his chest, singing. The festivities were winding down, people discussed at the kitchen table. One or several or more people passed out in grandpa's old room, several more walking downstairs to say good evening. Remus looked like he would start crying as he sang louder and louder, singing now almost to howling. Philippa heard a chair in the kitchen scrape the floor and watched as Sirius bound into the room."Steady old boy" she thought he said to Remus. Sirius pat his friend on the shoulder and pulled Remus in until it looked like they were slow-dancing. Remus head tucked into Sirius neck. Sirius right hand on the back of Remus' neck. Philippa watched silently as the party swirled quietly around them all. No one having noticed anything. It looked like Sirius was whispering something in Remus' ear. Remus shook his head and, as close as they still were, they looked at each other Sirius still speaking him his hand still warming the back of Remus neck, he shook his head again and handed Sirius the bottle and sat on the single, well-worn seat sinking. His hand covering part of his face. Sirius had gone back into the kitchen and came back with a glass of water after reaching out. Remus took the glass and drank, set it on the small table next to the seat and Sirius made himself comfortable sitting on the floor which would have made Emmeline laugh out loud. As posh as he was? Sitting on the floor?! But she had left in a flurry much earlier and Remus, who was leaned back with his eyes closed would just have to explain later as he said he would. In the meantime, Dorcas would know, surely. A peel of laughter errupted from the kitchen and Sirius looked up smiling in their direction but stayed where he was. He leaned against the seat where Remus was now sleeping and surveyed the party, lost in his own thought."Dodie", Philippa whispered louder than she thought since she was still tipsy. She motioned from the couch towards Sirius. Dorcas turned to look at a scene that was so plain, so benign that she wasn't sure she was even looking at the right place."Is that because he's a-", Dorcas eyes widened and her hands flew to her face in a gesture that was supposed to mean "shh" but came out as a flailing because Dorcas was also tipsy.Fabian, looked up from his card game and glanced in the direction of Sirius and Remus having only caught a glimpse of whatever it was that was going on in the corner in the room, far more invested in the card game before him."Homosexual?" he answered. He went back to his card game. "Likely, I think."Dorcas shoulders dropped in relief. No one else looked up from the card game and Philippa who thought she was being very quiet before and wasn't thought she was being very loud now laughing behind her hands and making no sound at all watching the range of emotion play out on Dorcas' face.It hadn't crossed her mind. She turned to Dorcas and she mouthed."I thought you said he might…"Dorcas shook her head wide-eyed again but smiling. Philippa shrugged still smiling. He was really close to Sirius' neck. It seemed dangerous especially if no one else knew which apparently they didn't. She should probably tell someone who cared, the man with the speech. What was his name again? He'd brought a gift! How thoughtful! She would tell him when he came back. Your neck, be careful! Her thoughts crashed over each other funny and serious at the same time. Mostly funny. She thought about all of this moving Dorcas legs' out of the way to snuggle under the blanket more. She's being dramatic, she could have moved her legs over. Dorcas was smiling, being a troublemaker. She had always said Philippa was a finicky sleeper and blanket thief. Philippa shook her head and pulled the blanket up by her own neck leaning into the cushion behind her. I will tell him when he gets back I don't care what she says. Both of them smiling at each other and trying not to burst into fits of laughter."Happy birthday, Petal." Dorcas mouthed.Philippa shook her head she would tell him alright. She snuggled into the couch forgetting about the gift first, then the what it was she should be telling anyone and then who she should be telling it to."Happy birthday, Tulip."The last thing she could think about was the weight and warmth of her friends legs over hers and that this had been a wonderful birthday, probably the best one yet and she closed her eyes thinking that it would be awful to clean it up in the morning and that she would ask Dorcas to use magic to do it. That would be her birthday gift to her but what would she give her? M watched her friend nod off lifting her head at irregular intervals when she thought of something else. She had always been like this, she fought sleep so hard. Even as she was the better sleeper. Philippa yawned watching the men play at the table and looked over in time to catch Remus and Sirius talking to one another Remus eyes still closed but making Sirius laugh all the same. Another burst of laughter broke from the kitchen and they all turned instinctively. A glass of something spilled and no one seemed to notice except Philippa who yawned again and told herself she would clean it up in the morning. She watched the drip, drip of the wine off the corner of the table until she fell asleep.Dorcas thought that, yes, this one. This one was our best birthday yet. What was I even worried about? And she too was lulled to sleep by the sound of ambient joy surrounding her and because of how they were sleeping on the couch, she did not notice the spill at all otherwise she would have been kept awake wondering if she should wake her friend to clean up the mess.

All day she felt a pressure in her abdomen as she dug around in the garden and painted the sides of the cottage a cheery, pastel yellow. When she finally went to lay down in bed, she felt that the feeling had grown slightly more pronounced and as she drift off to sleep she mindlessly felt around her belly button and felt a little nub. This did not startle her. She mindlessly thumbed at the growth until it was no longer a nub at all but that it had grown to a thin spiked tip that had grown out and onto the flat of her stomach. Through all of this she remained unfrightened and over the course of several days Dorcas lay in bed with her shirt slightly lifted as she watched whatever it was burning an amber glow, crawl against her stomach until it grew tall enough to lift its open end up as if it had asked a question and received a difficult answer. It grew taller and taller, winding its way in the air until it reached the window sill directly above her bed. It curlicued gracefully up, made itself into something like a fist and knocked gently at the window uncurled itself and as if it had a small face turned to her again and thought it didn't have a face, Dorcas could sense that it smiled.When Dorcas woke up she found herself lying on her back. She reached for the vine made of light that had started in her stomach and, of course, found nothing. She sat very still, got her wand and with her back against the wall she moved the drapes covering the window. She inched closer to look out, wand at the ready to find that it was raining outside. The world in a late midday, she could barely make out the forms outside of the window but the light streaming through cast a honeyed, green tinge through the gloom as if the trees were breathing all of their color out.She realized then that she had been in the house for weeks at least and that she had not remembered the last time the windows were opened or what the ground looked like when she arrived or even what time of year it could be with all this rain. The clean air rushed in as she opened the window and she felt renewed and saddened. She would die here. She decided to leave the cottage for the first time since her arrival. The door swung inward and left a small puddle from the door on the floor. She left the door open, the rain making its way in as she put on a jumper and wrapped a blanket around her neck as a scarf even if it she wasn't that cold, it smelled like home.The door shut behind her and after casting a spell to keep the rain off for the most part she held her wand in her crossed arms slightly under the makeshift scarf. She stepped gingerly down the steps and onto the slick pavers. Her shoes would be covered in mud and her feet wet once she stepped off of this path and into the forest but once she recognized the likelihood of that, some part of her knew she wouldn't even notice when it happened. Without uncrossing her arms, she cast her patronus under her breath. She perceived a flash of small, white light somewhere but did not check to make sure her patronus was there very high above and behind her. It always was when it was called and this time was no different.She started walking away from the cabin which was still the dark greyish navy of her real awake life and set off to the left. She could go across the entire earth and then step off into the stars to somewhere else and never have to think about anyone she'd ever known or anything she'd ever been or anything forever. As her earlier self knew, she did not notice her shoes get covered in mud. She did not care that her feet were wet. She maneuvered slowly but deliberately through the knot of trees and didn't notice the ground under her change lost as she was in the idea of being nowhere and everywhere at once and if there was a spell for that. She smiled at the thought and walked but stopped when the trees opened up and she reached the edge of the tree line where it opened up to a different earth and she squinted out into the rain at a dark expanse of ocean or a lake or sea, she couldn't tell with all the rain, that she had not known was there all along.

Remus' nose was bleeding. His shirt blood splattered. His ribs were sore after being punched repeatedly and thrown on the ground. Sirius got lucky today. They were sitting on the same log and Remus' face was in Sirius' hand trying not to laugh. Sirius pointed his wand at his friend's face. A cracking sound sounded in the air as Remus flinched away to hold his face trying not to smile as sore as his face was."If you think you feel bad, you should see the other guy." Sirius said. Remus clutched his side stabilizing himself with the hand that he'd just used to hold his nose."I can get you shirt, too." Sirius motioned toward Remus and was brushed away both of them beaten up. Sirius got up from log gingerly. Remus watched him steady himself, ah-ha!"How's your leg?", Remus asked.Sirius looked over his shoulder and affected sternness. He limped away."I just need to stretch it out.", Sirius replied raising his voice even though the stillness of the wood made his voice carry to Lupin.Both of them dissolved into a coughing fit in the cold. Remus got up and found himself steady and stable. He knew Sirius knew himself well enough to know if he needed to magic his wounds away and that the coldness might effect that but he said he was fine.They padded away in the snow in silence away from a small clearing ringed with trees. Not the Whomping Willow but they did their job. Initially, they broke into splinters, one setting off the other but after they tested the barrier throwing a rock, both of them decided against it. Maybe they could just fall to create a boundary? It had been unnecessary. Lupin thought his arrangements with Sirius would end, especially since Sirius spent so much time with the Potters now in anticipation of the baby's arrival. But he kept his promise. Peter had offered but not only would it not be the same, Peter would not be able to stop him if there was a problem. Peter had shown up at first but Lupin and Sirius and Peter all knew and understood the arrangement wouldn't work. It just wouldn't. They had not had to disinvite Peter and Peter hadn't felt the need to explain his no longer being there. This was a long time ago before they found the clearing, before they planted the seeds for these trees and Dorcas taught Lupin how to force a thing to grow. Lupin hadn't explained everything but Dorcas felt inclined to mention that something, even a plant forced to grow before its time would be weaker for it. Lupin had nodded and they sat in silence since Lupin knew that he needed something. There was nothing else he could do for the moment. During the right time, or the wrong time, he could rip through an actual cage so a weakened ring of trees would have to do in the meantime.Lupin felt bad at first. Here Sirius was babysitting, still. Even after school. It had been different then but even now? But it was Sirius who proposed one day that they "meet me at the trees". Lupin knew what that meant though he was confused. There was still a week or so left until the next cycle started, until the tide line would change but he met Sirius in the evening and found a campfire on the edge of the circle. Sirius warmed himself. There was no explanation. He handed Lupin food and they slept under the stars. When they woke up, Sirius pulled his shirt off and Lupin did the same and they were in the middle of the circle as they had before and also not and they wrestled and they boxed and they threw each other on the ground and punched at each other's sides and they had understood when the other was tired. Lupin on one knee panting. Sirius both hands resting on his thighs, staring at each other exhausted. Just too tired to talk as always.Lupin did not want to think about it too deeply but, when he went on long walks, he couldn't help thinking. It felt better to move his body than to sit and think and brood. He thought Sirius, as a man, needed to punch Lupin, as a man, for all that he'd done for him. For all the growling they'd done at each other. For all the times Lupin lifted Sirius bodily over his extended frame and thrown Sirius, howling, across a room, across a forest clearing. Of all the times Sirius had to risk his life to keep Lupin's rages contained. For keeping the world safe from the nights of Lupin cracking his neck and sometimes keeling over and retching or vomiting outright. Of shaking and paling. When Lupin got out of school, that's when he read deeply about his condition. He had never thought to think about what he looked like when he changed but, when he read it finally, for that too. Having to watch the hair on his arms stand up completely straight, to watch his hair get grey… greyer. To watch his eyes turn yellow. But Sirius stayed and they met at the same place or a different place. Lupin tried to talk to him again. Lupin could find another way."Why when this way works?", Sirius replied.Lupin had tried to get indignant and act offended. Sirius was implying that he wasn't smart enough to take care of himself. Sirius eyebrows arched in genuine surprise and then his face resolved. He smirked. That look. Nice try.Lupin didn't think that what Sirius hated was the aftermath of the transformation. When Lupin woke up in a daze and that he looked around even if briefly that he wasn't sure where he was. That he sometimes woke up with tears in his eyes, that the Sirius hated that sunlight and the dawn because it illuminated his friend's expression. Because that is what he hated. He stayed on the edge of the trees. He usually didn't even look, it hurt him to look. It had always hurt him to watch. When he was sure that he was changing back into himself, coming down, he would just turn away most of the time. He tossed Lupin his clothes when he was reasonably sure that he was done, that he was himself. Or rather his other self. Lupin made a distinction and Sirius didn't. It wasn't necessary. Sirius knew both of him and loved him and that's why he was there. If Lupin had said James or Peter needed to be there, had wanted them there, they would have all been there, even James. But Lupin would never. So proud, so melancholy. Anyway, James was busy and Peter couldn't help not in the way that Sirius could. James had tried to breach the subject when Sirius visited. This, too, felt like a long time ago but really wasn't. Sirius ended the conversation. He would go. He would go every time and had.Sirius watched Lupin stretch. Sirius had the same sensation but imagined it was worse for Lupin, like your skin was too tight. That you were more fragile as a man. Lupin put on a long sleeve shirt. He walked like nothing happened though slower or like his trousers were a little too small even as they were kept up with a belt or magic. Once, after Lupin had dressed, he sat back on the ground and cried, his head hung low and shaking back and forth as if someone had asked a question he didn't want to answer. He had pushed Sirius away for the attempt to place his hand on Lupin's shoulder. It was then maybe that Sirius got the idea. They did not fight with each other. He could argue with both James and Peter. Lupin, no. Funny, then, that Lupin felt the same way about Sirius. If Lupin hit him, maybe he would be able to relieve some of the resentment of all of their insistence to make sure he was safe, to make sure he had someone with him, so that he would not always be alone. He was always alone. He would go on long walks. He visited the Potters sure but not the way he did. Not the way Peter did. He didn't live or sleep at headquarters like everyone else. No one knew where he slept. Sirius wondered for so long that it brought him all the way out into the woods and did not find Lupin so went back. He didn't know what else to do or say or think so he told Lupin one day to meet him at the trees. And Lupin did. And Sirius imagined what? Has he thought it through, really? What would he be doing when Lupin punched him or threw him on the ground? Of course he had fought back! What else should he have done? Lupin would have stopped hitting Sirius if Sirius had stopped hitting him. He would not have wrestled him to the ground if Sirius hadn't lunged first. So?And this was the arrangement. It paralleled the other arrangement. Sirius slowed down to let Lupin catch up to him and they walked together. Sirius threw his arm over Lupin's shoulder thumping Lupin on the chest with his open hand, smiling. He knew Lupin felt better. Sirius felt better like he had taken a sip of water to remove a bolus in his throat. He could breath again. Lupin shoved his hands in his pockets and alternated looking directly in front of him or at the ground but knew he could sense Sirius smiling next to him. Lupin looked the opposite direction trying to conceal his own smile, Sirius tripped a little, he was staring at Lupin, his arm still on his shoulder. Lupin didn't budge even as he smiled. He stared straight ahead of him. Sirius looked ahead pleased with himself, pleased with Lupin, pleased with the cleanness of the air. Lupin made no show to shrug him away but his shoulders weren't up to his ears. They walked like that until just before the gesture became ridiculous and excessive.Sirius was still smiling at himself, his cleverness. This was good for both of us he thought. He was paying attention to where he walked now. They could magic themselves out faster but the day was still young. They had nowhere else to be. It was then that Lupin could look over without being noticed. Sirius bit his lip and turned to look at Lupin who was no longer smiling. Lupin looked ahead again and exhaled. Sirius thought this was funny but said nothing.

A word on paranoia: everything becomes related. A straight line can be drawn from this thing that happened that many days ago, to this thing now. Everything takes on the same form, the same weight of other, unrelated events until the mind cracks and is paved over with this residue. Someone knows. Someone is pulling the strings. Someone is making a fool of you, watching and laughing and waiting.The training for this had been the most difficult of anything the aurors learned or practiced and found that that it was difficult for several reasons. People left crying or teary eyed. There were days where a session would leave someone gasping for air. Dorcas was in the first group, the first where their minds were being opened up like a small shell with a big knife, she tried to be mindful when she was in the second group to not make a mess of it herself. But that's not how that works, one can be a mindful but unkind legilimens. One cannot be mindful and use the imperius curse. Especially not the latter because it is an imprinting of one's will on the other. It's not a suggestion; it's an insistence. So outside of training, she had not known that she was unprepared because everyone was so bad at it. They weren't a weak class per se but they were different. That lessons had been odd. It was coincidence that this lesson was moved or had to be changes the expert in this thing called out sick and then there were reschedules… No one had been adequately trained (not like there was adequate training for it) and anyway it was so rare. Most aurors, let alone non-aurors of wizarding England, back then had not even heard of legilemency until they were in training. And one so closely related to a curse? All the unforgivable curses, to do them were so difficult. Even more difficult was to do one quickly. You had to call on all of the foulest parts of yourself and who in all of England could really use the imperius curse elegantly enough to not make it appear as if they weren't using it?They had left training lying to themselves and knowing they were lying to themselves because when it was used on her, when it happened, she had hardly even realized it was happening at all. In fact, with someone who knew what they were doing, it could be quite pleasant. She felt like someone was pouring a warm bucket of water over her head and had a faint, very far away thought that she might have gone to the bathroom on herself. She hadn't, but she wouldn't have known to look down at herself because the thought was already gone. She started to walk and thought how strange it was until she realized she hadn't told herself to walk. When she told herself to stop, she kept walking. It was a very strange sensation, indeed. Some part of her recognized she was and wasn't thinking simultaneously and these thoughts were happening in mere fractions of a second from one another. And where was the panic that she and so many other people had felt in training? Where was the feeling that aided in shaking the other person out of their mind? Where was the feeling? If she could feel it, she could push whoever it was out of her existence. But she wasn't even thinking that, not really, because another dangerous idea started to form, to cement itself. It was easier to let someone think for her. But this was far away still. She felt herself smiling vaguely, dumbly. She kept walking and walking until she was brought face to face with a smiling man with a grey bowler wearing a blueish grey suit, a woman in a smart navy skirt suit at his arm. Dorcas shook his hand and now she could feel the panic. It was the woman in the suit or or the man or both of them or neither of them or. He dropped his voice as they were on a busy street, he gave her information she needed, information she would have willingly gone to collect of her own free will and then information she would not have."Ah, that's why," she said, still smiling."I hope you understand. It was faster this way.", the man said out loud or in her head.The woman stood there looking at and past Dorcas at the same time. Dorcas shook her head as a gesture she would have done naturally anyway. He tipped his hat and they walked off. When her mind was free, the temperature dropped and the wind picked up where it left off, where it had always been though it seemed sudden. Dorcas stood still until it did not make sense to stand there anymore, until it would have been suspicious to stand there any longer. She stood so longer that it would be pointless to feign having dropped something or that she might have missed the bus, she started to walk of her own volition.She hadn't had to think of her training in a long time. What it had taught her and what it obviously hadn't. Until now she had believed to be proficient at occlumency. As the first group gained composure, they were asked to switch. She would be in group B now. She had had to wander around someone else's mind and the familiar roadmap she had built for herself over time was unusable with someone else. These training sessions were familiar and legendary in the worst way. Some people, known legilimens were only allowed ever to work with highly, highly gifted occlumens. But like many gifted people in a new setting, some people learned they too were gifted when given the chance. How many time had the tape deck of other people's minds unspooled in these very same sessions was anyone's incorrect guess. The highest estimation could still have been doubled. All sort of disgusting, horrible things unwound during those sessions with the unspoken rule to never speak of them to anyone else, which made it worse. They were brothers and sisters in training and in the field. They were to defend one another before anyone else, before themselves. If one of them went down, that represented a measurable net decrease in the safety of the wizarding population at any moment and all of humanity in the long run. Whatever you saw in someone else's mind, you did not, even as it became part of your own mind. It was for everyone's own good.

Several classes ahead of Dorcas', one auror stopped speaking to another. They never spoke again because of something that no one else could know about because neither of them would or could speak about it. Unspeakable. Every year someone would get sick all over the floor right there. This had happened every single year and that was hardly the worst thing that happened. What of the aurors who never made it to the field? What of the ones that did not treat other aurors as family? The Ministry believed then as now that this was a risk worth taking. Dorcas felt sick like the dark spaces between the atoms were prodded at with light. It was unnatural for her. She, like many others, quietly put more energy in blocking the spell, developing the counter measure than developing the skill to do legilimency on other people. As a result, in her class, there were very few good enough for them to ever be exceptional at occlumency.After the tutorial and presentation, on their first day on practicals, she thought that being in group B would be easier. It was worse. It made her sick and threw her into a shaking fit and a rash spread under her shirt on her right side on her ribcage. She was rooting in someone else's things like a pig, sniffling and getting herself dirty. They had analogies and other more colorful sayings to illustrate the idea but for the purposes outlined here, it was like having just taken a shower and being asked to put on someone's stinking, dirty, sweaty clothes. Just foul. Just so foul. Even the thought of figuratively having to pull on anyone's sopping wet anything. Every month, at least once a month, they did this and it didn't get easier, though they got better at it. Some better than others. Some learning faster out of necessity or skill. She built other skills around this one knowing this was a weakness, but figured the likelihood of meeting someone like this in battle would take a talent not worth training for anyway. And others too voiced their indignation: If someone could do this, they were most likely a goner. This training was a technicality to be sure. They didn't sign up for this. Who has time to stand staring someone in the face in the field to read the others mind? etc And still every month without warning. Group A: name, name, name and so on. Group B and they knew they would have to do it all again sometimes for days. Until Group A and B assignments, they had to train for field assignments. They studied like never before. They were sent to St. Mungo's. They became used to the idea they might die young. But no one could really communicate the idea that one could stoop so low, not really. The group sessions were just the beginning. To be a powerful occlumens meant to be less vulnerable to the imperius curse. To be less vulnerable meant that you could not be turned into a weapon that used all of the skills of the wizard doing the cursing and the skills of the one being cursed. That an auror's mind was to be protected over the body and they had the death-rate to prove it and as much was said out-loud to no one's surprise.Dorcas would experience the unforgivable curses with the exception of the one obviously but- Again, it hadn't felt so smooth in school when someone told her what to do. There was always an apprehension or a gracelessness and the ability to shake the curse off, so to speak, made too many of them overly confident. Being under the imperius curse wasn't so bad at all! The training department as eager as they were to prioritize one curse, could not bring themselves to adequately teach the other, so people who should have been more afraid when they were sent to apprenticeship weren't. The war was still going on. Aurors and curse breakers were needed to fight and not teach. So as dedicated as everyone was it was all they could do to spare these gifted aurors to lecture first and then host a tutorial and then monitor and correct and coach during a practical and then send these same people off to the field for apprenticeship and then and then and then. Some of the training wasn't as thorough. Some of the checks couldn't be checked again. Everyone's life depended on it but there just wasn't enough time or enough lives.An auror would encounter the curse in the field would recognize, some of them too late, what was happening. One of them, in the class years behind Dorcas, walked clean over a cliff and didn't start screaming until mere seconds before he hit the gr-. Just foul. So foul.She shook again and was back in the room. She turned and saw that one of her colleagues was on the ground face up, slowly blinking away tears. Another was on all fours laughing as if this was the single funniest thing that anyone could ever do. She said that's what helped her break it. This auror felt something warmer, something stronger than she was and she and her brother had this inside joke and she explained it in a convoluted way and she started laughing again to herself, less enthusiastically, but after they had heard it before they couldn't stand to hear her laugh ever again.But whatever she had done, worked. Dorcas went to her after the practical. Teach me to do what you did, she implored. Tell me the story, tell me the joke you and your brother had. But the other auror couldn't conjure up the energy to even cast the spell. The next practical, by the luck of the draw, Dorcas was in the group to cast the curse. She felt her arm glow warm from inside and she felt almost happy and so close to this same auror she had spoken to the day before. Dorcas led her around in straight lines and found how difficult it was to get her to approximate natural movement. Dorcas wondered how people were able to get someone on the floor, to get them to jump. Her arm felt warm still but it became steadily heavier like she was holding up an anvil and not her wand. She no longer felt as happy, in fact when did she become so tired. She just couldn't hold her arm up any longer but she had driven her colleague straight into a wall and she was walking still. Dorcas arm burned now and she felt like she might collapse and so she released the spell letting her arm drop to her side barely keeping her wand pinched between her fingers. And she felt so much better. Dorcas didn't register and might not have even cared that for all of the awkwardness of the other auror's walking, this same person who could untangle herself from the imperius curse less than a day ago, had not been able to do so today. There was no laughter. Her colleague after a startled awakening backed away from the wall and, after a strange but brief delay, reached for her bleeding nose, cursing.Dorcas walked the rest of the way home, she had things to do, could have found things to do and instead of getting on the bus or anywhere she relished walking and stopping and starting again on her own volition. Somewhere she believed she wasn't quite herself and yet there she was. She felt the same smile she had on earlier and didn't change it out of tiredness or out of superstition. In truth, she always had a slight smile on her face. Where Philippa beamed, Dorcas' face said 'hmm, this is nice'. She had just not noticed until, well. There was nothing in her training to help her with this so she walked and walked and built the old walls in her head. She knew it was unlikely to work against the man in the bowler and the woman but Dorcas tried anyway. She started with a brick in a corner and paved it over with mortar. She set another next to it and stacked another brick on top of those layering the joining compound between each. She did not consider this magic even though, in the mind of a witch, it very much was.

Whatever they thought of their sister, their niece really was a sweet and beautiful child what Bellatrix did see and know of her. It was even more unfortunate, Bellatrix thought, that youngest her sister made this old-man, weasel-looking child that she doted on and cooed over. Even more bewildering was that her beautiful baby sister had married so far down. They all had, there was nowhere else to go but down from their last name. At least she married higher up in another country, in someone else's culture. But Narcissa, poor, sweet, and obviously lovedrunk Narcissa married this vain, useless, clueless dolt. The lies she must have told herself to be here, to get to a place where she could sit and really be fascinated by her ugly baby. The lies she must tell herself still. Bellatrix glanced side long at her sister filled with genuine confusion.She had felt nothing on finding out she would be an aunt again and felt only revulsion now. What a short tumble to the relative middle; both of her younger sisters shamed the family name. This child would grow up and look like his rat-faced father. Just a pinched look and countenance, too much slenderness in the proportions. There would be no confusion that he was a Malfoy. What a waste. And yet, in this child's way, he was already doing his mother's side of the family favors.Lord Voldemort seemed, if not cheerier, less volatile. Maybe that wasn't true. He loved Narcissa in his way, even then. He walked in the garden with her, spoke differently to her and Narcissa, for her part engaged and enjoyed, in her own way, their discussions but, they learned this behavior at the feet of their own mother and father. She thought all of them had learned to shield something and store it away and reveal only a silvery civility. Andromeda just turned her coolness towards her own family but the snootiness remained, the poshness remained, the blackness, as ever, remained. She didn't agree with it but she understood it. She didn't like it but could bear it. It was Bellatrix who acted outside of their upbringing.Narcissa rocked Draco back and forth in her arms. She could sense Bellatrix' boredom. She did not get it and did not want to and Narcissa didn't care. If Andromeda had been there, she would have understood. She was a great mother, Narcissa just knew. She missed her sometimes in a way that she knew she was not missed. She knew somewhere that when she married the muggle that what Andromeda meant was that all of their family, including her sisters, meant nothing. This stranger meant more than they did. It did not matter that Andromeda was the one who taught Narcissa magic when she came home from school for the holidays. It did not matter that when Narcissa finally got to school that her sisters, both of them, ensured Narcissa was given preferential treatment because one was so feared and the other so dearly loved. She understood Andromeda and Andromeda understood her and that counted for nothing when she left. Andromeda also understood Bellatrix and in a way that Narcissa had not understood then. She had not understood the seething, clenched teeth rows they could get into. Bella had taught Andromeda to duel in more ways than one. Bellatrix wanted the best for all of them. She would claw her way through anything, put up with nothing so that her baby sisters could live with the protection of her ferocity and discipline. How dare Andromeda throw that back in her face! How dare she throw away her gifts, her brilliance, her beauty, her name?It was not until Narcissa finally sat at the table with all of them that she understood Bellatrix for who she was and what she might have always been. She understood then what it must have meant to carry the burden of your rebellious sister and to watch out for the youngest, sometimes whiny sister. She had worked for them all this time and had nothing to show for it. Narcissa did not know the muggle words but she would have recognized Bellatrix as a general, top brass. Here her focus, her intensity could be put to use for something she believed in if for no other reason that it would benefit her directly, the family name and all the wealth and protections it conferred. It would punish any detractors but Narcissa did not think too deeply about that. If Bella could throw Andromeda away and Andromeda could abandon all of them, she could only trust the family she made. For what it was worth. She placed her hand on her stomach and waited for the introduction she knew was forthcoming. She smiled to herself, to her husband. She answered Lord Voldemort's questions about her pregnancy. She smiled at him, at her sister sitting at his side. She smiled at her cousins Regulus, Evan. She remained gracious to people she attended school with and those she didn't know alike. She nodded and laughed at the right places. Bellatrix was not impressed nor embarrassed but Narcissa could really be a phony. She could really turn on the charm. Pft. They were to start a meeting. She was given the option to remain. She behaved as if she knew nothing, suspected nothing but knew enough to leave. She chose to leave sensing immediately that very few people were ever given the option. There was family at that table. Her sister, her cousins, her husband. She excused herself and the baby she carried with a gentle bow and a warm, sincere smile and walked out of the room without so much as a glance behind her and why should she have?What had they called themselves? Death Eaters? It was meant as a joke, the way it was said, the way they reacted to the name but, if it was the pregnancy, the name or both, it made her stomach turn. It was not until she saw the way her sister looked at him, Lord Voldemort, that she finally understood completely. She would lose both of her sisters, she already lost both of her sisters. It must be difficult to not have an equal, a match. When she met Lucius, she knew. Yes, he was vain, pompous. But he loved her, treated her well and gave her the best of everything he could, which was no small task, but it wasn't like the Malfoy vault was filled with cobwebs. Nor were the Lestrange vaults (plural) and coffers (also plural). Bellatrix had looked bored at her own wedding. And here she sat in between her husband and Lord Voldemort. And while Bellatrix signalled nothing of any great significance, Narcissa sensed the changed. She could see Bellatrix eyes sparkle and she was even lovelier. She, at the very least, respected this man a great deal. Bellatrix would not follow a fool of a man for anything and that would have been enough for Narcissa. She might have followed too but she had seen a small part of what he had done to Bellatrix. Narcissa knew, but not how, that this man, this Lord Voldemort, was not who he said he was. Her own family vouched for this man, all well-bred, good families. He said the right things the right way. He knew the customs. She knew that he must be a quick study but pedigree could not be bought or faked and she would know just as Bellatrix should have also given what she would end up fighting for.It was not long after the first meeting she attended but the light of Narcissa's presence dimmed eventually. Narcissa could not understand why her sister would allow anyone to-nevermind. If she could turn on the charm, she knew Bella could and why she didn't could not be helped now. Whatever the reason was, Narcissa would not be able to talk her older sister out of it. Bellatrix sat silently. The side of her face bled into the collar of her dark purple top and vest and stuck her black hair to her skull. The silk of the vest, like her hair looked only shinier and slightly darker for the wetness. Whatever happened she wouldn't say. Narcissa held a cool cloth up to her sister's face. It took longer than Narcissa thought it would but Bellatrix finally swatted Narcissa's hand away. Narcissa, pregnant and maternal and a little confused and very scared sat with the idea long enough to know that Bellatrix wouldn't dare anything more than that. Narcissa sat with the tea towel knotted in her hands staring forward and let her rage build-up in her heart. She turned, slapped her sister's arm and sighed heavily. She then set the cloth back on Bellatrix' face, gently as ever. She wanted to kiss Bellatrix on her cleaned, throbbing temple but thought better of it. Bellatrix for her part wanted to hold Narcissa's hand but thought the better of it. They weren't children and couldn't or wouldn't protect each other anymore if they ever even could. Bellatrix did not know about Narcissa's walks through the garden and could not imagine that Lord Voldemort could be that way, that he had it in him to be so solicitous. Narcissa did not know what exactly went on at those meetings and did not want to. She did not want to know. She knew it was bad, that her sister carried one hurt from long ago and could amplify it to an extreme and sought out a type of affection that Narcissa found poisonous and destructive even as a child. She had to see for herself after being summoned to the table not too see who Lord Voldemort was but who her sister was. Bella had not had an older sister; Bella had not had herself to protect her.The garden walks with Lord Voldemort would continue, if only to find a way to maneuver gently over time, over the span of her life if she had to. She did not know then what he could be like, she only had ideas. One of those ideas was sitting next to her, bleeding. One of those ideas was her sister. Narcissa patted the towel across her Bellatrix' forehead and did not need to see tears to know that somewhere deep inside Bellatrix was crying. This she discovered much later was uncommon and odd. Other people did not marshal all their hurt, roll it into figurative small plugs and jam them into their own tear ducts. Narcissa wiped Bellatrix' face and held the now warm towel like she was cleaning a delicate and historically significant statue. Bellatrix moved her open hand towards her sister's lap as her sister reached for it without looking and they held hands under Narcissa's big belly. Another generation. If you had seen them from far away, you would have seen two people who looked the same and yet not anything alike and how kind of the one to care for this sick looking, dying one. And on closer look, you would wonder why you thought she was sick at all since she seemed full and vibrant, even striking, and it was in fact the sick one taking care of the healthy one. This might be a rehearsal, a form of mimicry or therapy to reverse roles. You might have thought 'how lovely and strange and sad'.

They always had the same radio static in their heads. There was too much buzzing to bother with so usually he didn't. He just dispensed with it. Them. He dispensed them: their thoughts, the people themselves. He had not been able to clear his own thoughts otherwise he would have done it sooner and he did want to know what the fuss was about. But what had he even done? She was dead. That was her body. That was her wand. Could it have been the wand? She had said nothing of significance had she? He hadn't been listening too closely. Truth be told, he had more important things on his mind. The list of things he had to do grew and shrank with every curse, spell, deflection. It did cross his mind to ask her to join him but that was a passing thought, even whimsical. Her skills were wasted as on becoming an auror. She had chosen the wrong side. The sooner she died, the sooner he could attend to a number of other things. Right now the list was not chiefest amongst his thoughts, it was that insignificant, common wand.He went in for a closer look. Dorcas' wand loosened from her grip and it too, like her, lay still on the ground. Lord Voldemort surveyed the scene. He glanced around and looked at her, then the wand, then her again and the wand again. He stepped closer. He did not understand what had just happened. She had asked him a question, right? What had he said? He felt uneasy at the lack of footing he possessed in the moment and the fury of not knowing started to creep into his mind. It would make his neck muscles tight and weigh him down at the shoulders later but now he could try to understand very quickly what had happened. He stared at the wand. It was insignificant alright but why hadn't he picked it up then? Why hadn't he gone to get it inspected at least? Severus might have assessed it, he certainly could do it himself but that would take too much time and to find out it was worthless? There was nothing in the lore that he could think of that would connect her to anything of any significance even her mythos was contemporary if you could even call it a myth. Give it a year and she would be all but forgotten, he told himself. Sooner than a year. But his walk out through the woods he could not. He could feel himself paving over the memory just by thinking of it. He could not get this exchange out of his mind, first because of its oddity and the confusion it inspired by him. He had not been confused or unsettled by magic in a very long time.He had his back exposed for part of this exchange and she had done nothing. She would not have been able to do anything yet she could have tried. It was not as if she was too principled to cut someone to ribbons, he knew as much. So what was it, what had just happened? He visited old haunts as best as he could gathering information like an invisible, giant, silent magnet. Everything he needed would find its way to him because of the work he had done as a young man. All of his seeds would grow to trees and would bear everlasting fruit to the end of time. He was away longer than he anticipated but everything he needed to check, everything that could be confirmed was safe and in its proper place. He knew he did not have to explain anything and something like gratitude filled the space where his heart should have been. He felt relief that he did not have to lie because he did not have to explain. He could have said anything or nothing and who would question him? Part of the news preceded him anyway. War tended to do this, accelerate the speed in which information traveled. They said he killed her, another layer of information, another layer of the story. He could have gone back to London immediately after and the news would still have raced him and found a way there first.Lord Voldemort had known all along but, to make that clear to himself, to understand what had happened, which he still did not, at least he knew that he had to admit to himself that he had not cast the spell that killed Dorcas Meadowes. He did not know what happened but no one else ever needed to know that. He knew that his accomplishments outweighed the death of one evasive ex-auror. He knew, had convinced himself that whatever had happened did not count for much now since she was dead. He had seen her go down. He knew almost by instinct, or by experience, that her body and the living part of her no longer occupied the same spaces. How that happened was irrelevant. He knew, he was reasonably sure, that she had no quiet skill that would allow her to come back. She was gone. He crossed off her name on the list in his mind.

Several months earlier, The Daily Prophet, Rita Skeeter:A muggle woman who will remain unnamed, went missing from her home in Dorset. The bodies of her two sons, 7 and 11, and husband were found along with the bodies of two unrelated people, another man and a woman, which were concealed in the cellar of the house. A wizard neighbor, a Marlene McKinnon, alerted the ministry. It was the aurors, specifically a Dorcas Meadowes, who noticed that the woman was missing but confirmed the violence of the murders were, to them, clearly of a magical source. The muggle authorities were informed through the proper channels and another body, that of a 4 year old boy, was found soon after and not far from the home when it was revealed that the two bodies in the cellar were unrelated to the family or to one another. The Sussex man had gone missing several days prior and the woman remains unidentified in the muggle papers. It was after this assessment that Rufus Scrimgeour, Field Head of the South Eastern Aurors Division, made clear in a briefing that if the body of the young boy had been there when the team of aurors arrived first, they would have found it and the Auror Office suspects further foul play and tampering with artifacts. The unidentified woman was confirmed to be what some still, inappropriately, refer to as a "fringe witch". Her wand is from an unknown source and she did not attend Hogwarts. Further confirmation and clarification from the ministry forthcoming.Rufus Scrimgeour did not trust very many people but he lived by the old ways. He knew of Dorcas because of Alastor, he knew Alastor because of Kingsley and so on. He trusted all of those people in that line (and in that order…) because of the person before them but that they had all proven their own merits with time. He trusted that no one in attendance of the "briefing", had said anything or maybe they had? This reporter certainly hadn't been invited. It would be time to make further amendments to the list of people he trusted again and every time fewer people survived to make it to his confidence but many more people moved up in importance. That Dorcas was named was a matter of security as was the other witch named and for that reason, he trusted that neither had gone to find a reporter for the Daily Prophet (if he was in the habit of rolling his eyes, he would have). This was a generality given the state of tension that muggles, historically, remained unnamed but that in an investigation of this scale and sensitivity, everyone involved should have remained anonymous. What disturbed him was how difficult it would be to work with the muggle authorities, every division of the Auror Office was stretched thin and, even worse, some of the aurors he did trust were unavailable due to their own assignments. This, too, was dangerous. An auror could not just "take assignments" on his or her own whim. This wasn't the nineteen-thirties! And why did they have so many separate divisions for such a small country? All of them could be consolidated. People were dying in the field because of the lack of centralized information.Rufus Scrimgeour could feel his stomach growling as he turned the paper over. That's it, all of that information in such a short section and no further explanation. How this reporter got the information and from where, he would never find out. But that little bit of information brought up more questions. What alerted this McKinnon that anything was amiss? How did she contact the ministry so fast, did she have a direct contact? Auror's were effective if they were reached on time but, and he loved them all, they were not generally the first to respond, especially with their steadily dwindling numbers. He ignored his hunger to reread the paper. In fact, it was usually a muggle who tipped them off in cases such as this. How did the aurors find out so quickly? Had someone tampered with artifacts? Who were all of these muggles? Why and how and, and "fringe witch"? They were no longer allowed to say that? This was also, very literally, news to him (he suppressed another eye roll) and stopped reading mid-sentence. He made his way in the direction of something to snack on to see what he could do to untangle the mystery of this missing woman.Rita's article was full of inaccuracies but she did what she could with the time and resources she had available which were constrained mainly by the time and resources the Auror Office had available. She took her job very seriously and she had made a choice to find and get to and report on the truth as it was made available. Her chubby, slightly shiny face made her look even younger than she was but she was determined to report on the horrors of the war and didn't let skeptical looks deter her from getting the potion, hot from the cauldron, so to speak. She could research all of it and write a richer piece but she was getting more assignments at work also and the head of her department insisted she write more and more side angle pieces. People knew there was a war, they didn't always want to read about it. The paper needed more levity, he said as Rita scribbled away at her pad so quickly and with so many amendments that she had to redip her quill several times in a pot of ink floating in the air just in front of her.She tried to explain repeatedly. She could get more information on the murders and the whos and whatsits. She could find more sources. The department head sat at the edge of his desk listening to this earnest, dumpy girl witch insist on how important war time information was. He couldn't tell her that, in times like these, there would be questions asked that wouldn't be answered for several more generations. What other source could she find more reputable than lion-farted Rufus (a difficult source, he didn't understand how she got the interview) or who would care after a month. They were dead, the missing woman was also most likely dead and they were surrounded by ever more people dying everyday. She should be so lucky that she even wrote the piece in the first place. And if she could get the information she did, her skill could be put to better use writing what people actually wanted to read. She seemed so eager to work. So eager to please. He sighed without saying a word and handed her a strip of parchment from his desk and Rita beamed and turned on her heels, triumphant. The department head watched her gold curls with a patch of black and dark blue at the corner bounced out of the way and occasionally revealed a dark splotch on her shoulder where her floating inkwell sometimes bumped into her. All her tops had one. This one looks like a seal, he thought. When she left the office with the door closed behind her, she stopped at the door to read what was written on the parchment: "Foraging Muggle Style. How to tell and acorn from and anchor." The department head could just make out from the frosted glass that her shoulders sank.If she had been given the assignment, she might have found out. She could focus and research and analyze and, Merlin's beard, did she know her way around a parchment with a quill. She wrote the pieces that trotted in small script at the edge of the paper while she wrote about the war still and without being published. She would have the department head look at the work and hand it back with another pointless article assignment over the manuscript. But she kept writing. And it was through luck and that practice that, after having it checked for accuracy, the piece she wrote on the attacks at St. Mungo's made it to the papers in a shortened form. Because she had inadvertently broken the story, they ran the full article the next day. It wasn't until that explosive article written after the first war, that she got to choose her own articles and was given access to the same dataset that her editors were given. She saw for herself when an article did well. She chose to sit during the trials and wrote what she was most passionate about. And she earned money. She would sit with her own assistant and review the Editor Owls and saw her name repeated over and over and the acclaim and praise heaped onto her. She conducted interviews, she eventually discovered the mystery of the Dorset Bodies. She patented a self-filling quill. She earned more money. The department head sometimes handed her manuscripts back but, this time without the assignments. She wrote faster and with greater intensity. With this, and over time, she would learn that the department head was right. No one wanted to read about the war exclusively. And she found that she did not want to write about it exclusively either. She tried writing on Quidditch. More letters of praise. She mentioned, what she believed was a minor detail, the husband of one of the players. The letters asked for more information. She reported on it. They asked for more information. She shopped and noticed that people gave her interviews easier. She shopped some more, wrote more, earned more. She changed a detail, rather played it up, threw in some prose. The department head looked at her over his desk. She left dejected but found the same article in full with a disclaimer that had to be revealed with a spell, the first time the Daily Prophet expanded its "book" since the early first war years. Owls flooded the lobby of the Daily Prophet. So many howlers were sent that the ministry wondered if there shouldn't be a law, some regulation to prevent such an influx. Rita was a snake, a viper and on and on and she preferred the feeling she got with the praise.Then the number of Daily Prophets had to be increased after that. The sales went up and up and up. They had to print several copies in one day to meet demand. People requested an evening edition. The department head, who stayed on in an advisory role after the war years, knocked at the door that had once been his. Rita had trimmed down considerably. Her silk skirt suit was the shade of yellow if it had a voice and had been caught mid scream, trimmed in purple fur from a definitely extinct animal. He shut the door behind him and leaned against it temporarily only to push himself of its frame slightly. Rita looked over her glasses, agitated as she dictated her next piece. He motioned a rectangle in the air. She turned still talking and picked up stacks of parchment to hand to the former department head. She'd cut her hair shorter which exposed the top fabric of her sleek, shiny, (loud) jacket. There was no spot on either of her shoulders. The former department head left the office with the stack of her articles for editing and proofing and animating.He had been a good reporter. He was always honest, fair and articulate but he had been an even better editor. He could spot a serious writer from across the room. As department head, he had nurtured a team of editors and writers, the numbers of which swelled during his tenure even with the wizarding population steadily decreasing by the day. He knew where to place an article and years of watching people and listening had served him well. He had a job for life doing what he loved surrounded by people who loved what they did also. The former department head, now forever advisor, left Rita's used-to-be-his office and smiled to himself at how good he had been at his job.

They had watched the sunset over the woods from the sky. They had sat on brooms over the water and now Basil sat by the fire sipping a spiked, warmed butterbeer by the fire. He surveyed the events and knew he would sleep well and deeply that evening. He knew in the way he had known other things. His mother and uncles had asked where he got the gift from and why his divination's marks hadn't been higher. It had been a running joke and yet… Lydia was telling Philippa about the intricacies of certain obscure magic but everyone was listening casually or lost in their own thoughts. Pieces of their conversation would float over to him. The sun was well set but every time he closed his eyes he could see it setting again and the beauty of it, the warm, orange, brightness of it. He smiled at the memory of it buoyant on his broom. He could feel the warmth of the sun on his face even as he knew it was the fire in front of them.Basil doesn't have the actual memory of his aunt's wedding but had heard the story so many times that he felt that he remembered it but he is in the wrong place. He doesn't know why he started crying and reached out to his aunt at the altar because in this memory of him, about him, he is older and sitting in the back row watching himself and his family. Baby Basil starts crying and he reaches out to his aunt and his mother scoops him up and the audience ahhs. Poor baby he hears someone to his right. The women sitting directly in front of him turns and makes a sincere pouting face to her neighbor. Baby Basil redoubles his efforts and screams even louder and as his mother is getting up to exit, bent double down the aisle, even as everyone can hear him and see them both, he calls out to his aunt. His voice comes out sad but determined. He can't pronounce all of the sounds in the correct order yet but everyone knows who he's talking about. His mother winces and tries to be discreet carrying him out and he wriggles out of her arms and she has to scoop him up like a falling sand. He makes it so that she can't hold him properly and she is this close to the floor trying to get him back into her arms and he senses and opportunity and makes a mad, wobbly scramble for the altar.His mother might as well stand up and run for him, it would be easier, but it's a wedding and everyone feels like they don't want to be the reason for a ruined wedding (especially their own sister's!) even though that can't happen because a baby running for his aunt doesn't know any better and anyway, that's the best part. Basil's mother isn't fast enough and he, in his non-memory can see her face drawn and turning. He watches himself as a baby with a detached amusement peeking over other people's head and shoulders as his mom scoops him up again right before he gets to his aunt. His father thinks this is all very funny even as he makes a half-hearted gesture to stop his own child but he is curious how this will all play out and isn't so concerned about ruining a wedding because he's been married for a few years now and is the father of this very toddler and knows that the wedding is the easy part.Baby Basil screams even harder but they both look up. Baby Basil and Memory him look at his aunt and her arms are outstretched and she's smiling and looks so sad because her heart hurts for her first baby. Her favorite person. Her sister holds her child. It's ok, his aunt's face says. She nods and his mother hands him over to her. His aunt wraps her arms around him and he wraps his arms around her neck and they are holding onto each other. She turns back around to face the officiant but she is rocking back and forth and her cheek is rested on the top of her nephew's head. People are crying in the audience. He doesn't look at his uncle in his memory and doesn't remember that his aunt looked at him deferring and sweetly and asked "may I", knowing he would say, "yes, of course". That he could give her everything but the one thing she wanted. It is only the two of them. Baby Basil in his aunt's arms and even in his own memory of other people's memories the audience is gone and even Adult Basil is gone and it is just him as baby and his aunt holding onto each other. They are trapped or are protecting each other from nothing in a place that doesn't exist, even in other people's memories.Basil chalks this behavior up to the gift that all children and animals have to sense things and to act at the right moment. His aunt cannot have children and his uncle only wanted to make her happy and for her to be happy. Maybe they are or aren't, Basil doesn't think too much about it. She is still the same funny, bright woman. Basil is still her first and favorite baby even though he is no longer a child. There is a picture of this moment somewhere. His uncle looking at them and smiling sadly and maybe even he knows. Maybe that's why they are still together because he knew, if she could pick one, a child or him, it would not have been him but, there was not and there would not be a child so there they were.The butterbeer and the sound of fire is making him sleepy. The memories are making him sleepy. If they could have managed it, another day like this would be ideal but that will not be possible. The day in itself was a miracle. He is glad he brought his own tent and kitting utilitarian though they were. He would most likely wake up in the middle of the night or not sleep at all and think a dreamy, subconscious think. He will think everything and nothing and will or won't remember his ideas and thoughts in the morning. If Lydia and Philippa keep it up, he will not be able to walk around or maybe he can join them in the discussion. Maybe he can learn something. After all, there are several people here who work for the ministry. Maybe he could be an auror. He will ask Dorcas in the morning, he decides because she is no longer there. Fabian is also gone. Good for them, he thinks.Basil ended up falling asleep in the chair. He woke up to Gideon nudging him awake. Philippa was already entering another tent. Basil did not know Lydia had already gone to sleep. He did not know if Dorcas or Fabian were back. He stretched his arms and got up heavy with interrupted sleep. Gideon nodded blearily and made a wave of his hand that said, IwouldnothavemindedsleepinginthechairbutIwaswokenupandthereforealsohadtowakeyouupbecauseIcouldn'tjustleaveyoutherebecausethatwouldmakemelookbadeventhoughwewouldhavebothbeenfinesleepingonthesechairs. Gideon entered the tent Basil had packed and was heard collapsing onto the bed. Basil sensed the deep inhale and soft exhale of someone who falls asleep easily. He heard the body language of someone who loved his sleep. Gideon hadn't realized or cared whose tent he entered, he had just walked into the closest one that Philippa hadn't. Basil entered a tent that wasn't his own, the one Philippa had entered nor the one he knew to be the Prewitt's and found it unpopulated and exceedingly well appointed. There was a small chandelier floating at the top of the low ceilinged tent giving of a soft, sparkly glow and two beds dressed in crisp bed clothes. The walls of the tent were made of heavy tapestry with a deep blue pattern shifting subtly and soothingly on an even darker blue field. Candles stood at regular intervals against the walls in pewter holders. Trunks sat at the end of each bed covered with heavy dark quilts, just in case and a tiled sink and shower stood in the corner. He quietly thanked Gideon for his love of sleep as he tucked himself happily into one of the beds. He would ask to be an auror all right if this is what the salary could get you. When he closed his eyes he saw the sunset again, felt warm all over and fell into a deep, luxurious sleep.Fabian arrived back to camp first. The embers of the fire were still glowing and he recognized the awkwardness of the situation. He did not know who was sleeping where or with whom. He knew two people were in one tent and the others were populated by a person each but the combinations were endless. Lydia and/or Dorcas had brought two tents, he and his brother had brought theirs and Basil most likely brought his own. Fabian had gone back to look at the water and had come back later than he thought. While he was considering what to do he turned at the noise of a branch breaking. Dorcas came out of the woods. She had wandered around to stretch her legs and found herself walking and walking until she got bored. Fabian nodded at her. They were both tired and the day stretched in front of them and behind them in both directions. Fabian, Gideon and Basil camped often enough and with little luxury. Fabian could sleep outside once he got the fire going again. Dorcas could use his tent. He started to walk towards the fire and turned at her insistent quietness. He looked up at her standing at the door of his tent, waiting. Fabian went over, held the tent door open for Dorcas and she walked in and, he let the door, which was only a piece of fabric anyway, drape solidly behind them.

When the second war rolled around, there was no point in fighting to write about it. Everyone was allowed to until they weren't. Because of the article, Rita had been given access to the trials and earned a reputation for her reporting. This time, it was strangely the same. She did not want to write about missing people, missing children. She found that she didn't want to write about blown up bridges, cars set on fires that couldn't be put out with water. So she didn't. Even then, even as she enjoyed writing about the war, as much as one could, she could feel everyone becoming tired of having to be confronted with their reality in writing. She wrote the articles and tucked them away and then she stopped writing them all together. The first war had made her famous. The first war had made her wealthy and it had made her tired. When she did write an article or a paper, she could feel the old rush return. She could feel the old feeling of hunching over a stack of parchment. She remembered that once upon a time, she had had to re-dip her quill several times an article and it made her smile and she was proud of her herself, she was proud for herself for what she had done. She would look up from days of writing and refilling coffee at the longform article and feel the satisfaction of a fresh start and a new ending. She filed those papers away with the pieces of other projects. As far as her writing was concerned, the war ended after the trials. As far as she was concerned, the details and the truth of the wars were no longer worth sharing.If Rita had had it in her, she could have found out more about the missing woman. She could have untangled some of the details. Maybe she would know a fuller story but she was already assigned to another piece and took the opportunity. You must remember how things were then. They were quiet and then they weren't and then it would be quiet for such a long time that people might forget and then…It went something like this: Marlene offered to be the one who said she alerted the ministry because she lived so close to the woman, that it would make it more believable. Rita could not have known that Dorcas had arrived on the scene first with the Prewett brothers and a man named Basil. It was because of this article that didn't exist that Rufus Scrimgeour would never know that he had been correct. The usual order of things, that a muggle did indeed let a witch know is exactly what happened because one had. Phillipa when they arrived back from camp to drop Basil off first was the one to sound the alarm. It was she who pointed out the looping peculiarity of fog and sparkle, the congregation of what appeared to be starlight hovering over the missing woman's family home. Everyone thought that her insistence on turning around to check was from her desire to be on a broom again. Her insistence initially made them all question this fog's meaning and relevance but she had been correct. It did seem magical. It was magic. During the trials of the first war, the name for this magic and its purpose would be explicitly revealed. It had been termed the Dark Mark partly for its irony. It was a shimmering, greenish, lovely even. It did not take its full shape until the intervening years, the time between the wars, when in honor of their fallen leader, the light and fog was organized into the same symbol their progenitors used to bear on their bodies: a snake, slithering through a skull. So when the second war began, when the mark showed up again, people knew and understood and were afraid. But then, after one of the happiest days of some people's lives and the worst for others, a muggle woman was making her way towards the sea pulled by an unknown and unknowable force having left a mystery behind her.Close your eyes. You are closing your eyes so you can accurately imagine what is about to be described and also so that when you understand what you are imagining, you can open your eyes again and realize you are safe and not actually witnessing what you are imaging. Have you closed them yet? Good. The missing woman was dead but you, like Rita and Rufus and the wizarding England that read the Daily Prophet, must have known that. You are sitting on a cloud or rather, maybe you are the cloud. If you look down below, there is the deep turquoise of the sea. If you look out in front of you, you are looking at a cliff face and you can see part of the top of the cliff straggly with itchy, green seagrass that can survive the saline air coming off of the ocean and the cliff face itself angled toward the ground, is not black when dry, but here it never is. The cliff is glistening from the moisture in the air and below that you can see the bright sand. The day will end soon but it is still bright and you notice the sand in a little patch on your right is moving. But it isn't sand at all. It's a person? You hop onto another cloud or merge with the vapor that comes from a crashing wave. It IS a person. You wonder if you should become a grain of sand or the cliff face itself. But stay where you are to understand. So you lean in as best as you can and this person, as they continue walking along the shore, you realize is a woman and you know this, as far as your knowing goes, because the woman is naked. Ah, now you get it! This happens sometimes. But, then again, you think, not here usually. How did she get down here, you wonder. How could any one get down here? There is no discernible foot path for miles and when high tide comes in, the very sand she is walking on will be completely submerged by several feet of water. Something must be wrong. Something is wrong. You lean in closer.She is walking in a strange way. She is upright and looking ahead and yet her limbs are somehow behind her. Something is trailing behind her but she is all there. And that's when she trips over her own feet but she keeps walking. She does not break her fall with her hands her feet keep going forward and she uses her hands to get up after her head plows a little trough in the sand. Yes, something is very wrong. When she stands up she continues as if nothing has happened, you force yourself to sit on an atom in the air in front of her and one of her eyes is filled with sand grains that she makes no attempt to get out of her eyes. She's not even blinking. You realize that you shouldn't have tried to understand. You have missed your opportunity to turn away. You know she is not ok but- You go back to your perch on a cloud or over the ocean.You watch her stop in front a clearing in the rock, a fissure. She stops and turns her head as if looking around but something tells you that she can't actually perceive what she's. Maybe she can see but she doesn't know or understand what's she's. Nevermind. She finds what she must have been looking for and slams her hand onto a sharp edge of jutting from the cliff wall. You wince. If you have to open your eyes, please do. What is she doing? What is wrong? Are you, alright? Good. Close your eyes again.You decide to follow her now, maybe you can help but, no. You feel something drop in your stomach, the fissure is more like an opening (was it before and you just hadn't noticed? But it wasn't like that before, was it?) and you follow her into the opening. You can be yourself now. If you're going to help, you will need all of yourself. You can't do anything as a cloud or seafoam or a teensy atom. Her hand is bloodied but even her blood is the wrong shade, it's behaving incorrectly and you don't want to think it but there should be more of it but it's also very dark in here. You feel a feather, having fallen from the base of your head, fall to rest in between your shoulder blades which makes the hair on your neck stand up. When you reach for it there is nothing there but you felt something all the same. You are momentarily distracted by this feeling, going so far as to check your hand for a feather you know was never there. There is nothing and it's dark, you can barely make out the outline of your own hand. When you look up, you notice the woman walking forward getting shorter in a strange way and now your shoes are wet. She has waded into a shallow and you understand now that there is a shimmer coming from what you understand is water. You back away. Wait! you want to say. Turn around! but the words are stuck in your throat and she can't hear you because you're not there and, if you were, she can't hear you because she is listening to something else somewhere else in her.She walks into the water thats up to her knees and she's not doing that thing where you feel the heaviness of water, she's not trying to keep balance, she's walking straight in and then she drops out of view like she's walked over a sand shelf but she doesn't bob back up. She is gone. You keep backing up because it's very dark. You want to turn around and run but before you do, your back bumps into the wall which makes you jump away from it. You turn and find the way is shut.You came through this way, right? The distance wasn't even that far, was it? You're not even thinking about the woman anymore but you know she is there, you saw her disappear into the water. You saw her and you know she is there and you know she knows you were there and did nothing to stop her but you cannot get out. You think, maybe, you too can slam your hand against something if only you can be back on the beach on the sand. You can't put yourself on a cloud from inside of this place because you don't know if it's still there. The tide will rise soon and you don't know if it will come in and flood this place, if this water is the same as the sea, if the saltiness of the sea will make whatever is in the water float. You have, again, backed yourself into what you know is the inside of a sea cliff. And you feel the salty stickiness of the wall and the discomfort of wanting to sweat when you are in a cold place. You can feel night falling in the cave even as you know it is still day outside. Don't be so silly!, you tell yourself. You just got in here! but you feel the height of the cliffs around you how expansive this place is and as your eyes adjust, the glow in front of you does not reassure you. The light is swallowed up by the great darkness around it. You were right about the water that made your shoes wet. It looks like a black pane of glass where the light hits it.How is the water so still, though? Not even a ripple on its surface. You can't let your own mind fool you into thinking the woman did not fall into it or even that she didn't exist. But you stare at the wet, shining, still water mesmerized. The light is getting ever but only slightly brighter as your eyes keep adjusting and adjusting and you know your mind is playing trick on you because you feel like if you stand there long enough, the entire cave will be filled with the brightest, cleanest, coldest light you have ever seen. The darkness was bad enough but, this is worse. You open your eyes.

Mostly war was boring. They kept odd hours and that was usually the most exciting part of the job. Dorcas, like everyone else would go on her rounds and collect information or just as often as not, probably, even more often, they did not collect anything at all.In her fieldwork as an auror, even as far back in training, she had witnessed more consistently horrifying events. She talked people down from ledges, she nursed her bruises and the scars of others. There had been so much blood. When things became difficult, she called on the reserve from one of her first days out in the field and found whatever it was in herself to get whatever the job was, done. She went in with the intent to save the greatest number of people, to spare as many people pain. She did this often enough that it became second nature and she didn't have to call on anything because she was now that person. She had called on herself so many times that she recognized that she was always there. She was the woman and the auror she wanted to be. And she recognized, too, that people could and did get hurt. She was not there to save because she didn't have those powers so she just did her job as the person she imagined and one day she received an owl from Alastor Moody. She had met him several more times since he had visited the flat she shared with Lydia and other former schoolmates but this would be different. She was different now. He noticed. She smiled easier, she already knew Professor Dumbledore so maybe that helped. By the end of their conversation, when she agreed to be in the Order of the Phoenix, she had thought she understood what they would be doing. She understood why she'd been chosen but what is this saying about expectations? Learn to swim, even gillyweed fails.After she was called to use the very same skills that made her a great auror and just as things were starting to take a turn for the worse or better (depending on who you spoke with) they got very dull, very quickly. She didn't want to have to do her job but as some of us know what use are you without the use of your gifts with no opportunity to use the things that make you who you are. She was an auror and there would always be use for her gifts. But there was a time during the war, when that was not the case. They felt like they sat around a lot, they would get information on the whereabouts of some one person or another and find they were too late. They would get there and find this small group of people already dead and the Order and Dorcas were to play defensive when she was so used to stopping things ahead of time or preventing violence from escalating or standing in between the source and object of the violence. She was asked to be reactive because they didn't have enough information, they didn't have the resources to do otherwise. She stared at these dead people feeling nothing.What could be done at this point? Nothing. What was the point of a revelatory spell? She knew who was responsible for this violence but, she did it anyway, a reflex. How had they even learned to break up the Dark Mark? They had done it so many times. It was all so boring. Maybe this could be said another way. The major difference between her life earlier and the war was that there were so many more dead people. More dead people than she could count in every state of dead one could hope to never imagine. Take my word for it, most of the violence and death was senseless in the truest sense of the word. What did any of these people have to do with any tactical advantage? None. They didn't even serve to hinder the opposing side, they were just dead and it had something to do with the other side being just as bored as the Order or angry. Angry at what Dorcas couldn't fathom. All of them, most of them had grown up in the wealthiest households had every convenience known to the magical and to muggle alike and then this. An entire war over wanting more of what you already had? They were violent and bored already, so when everyone was dead, how much more violent and bored would they be? How much more could they be? And then what?They were at someone's house again, for the umpteenth time, and had found, yes, someone had died. Dorcas set to breaking the mark up above them while Gideon pointed his wand to the ground. They heard a thump and smelled the acrid muskiness of the punctured gas main. The muggle authorities would show up and think there had been a gas leak. That would make them mad. The other side. It should probably be mentioned that at the time, the term "dark arts" had fallen out of favor. It was too… Too… non-descriptive. It was not until much later that it came back in style with the rise of Lord Voldemort but it was argued, certainly in that time, that there could be no such thing. So much wizard magic had to do with the wizard or witch who did the magic. Anyone capable of doing any magic might do so and so one could not do "dark magic" or be a "dark wizard". Many wizards and witches of a certain generation grew up not saying things like that. It was the other side. And while the war raged on, people thought maybe that was too clunky but people were dying too quickly for semantics so they defaulted back to the "dark". But depending on when the witch grew up, as in Dorcas' case, they would always be considered the "other side". And maybe they shouldn't have done that, bait the other side but whether they did or not was not going to stop them from killing more people anyway. They might as well give the families some peace. They might as well give the neighbors some peace. A gas leak was terrifying, yes fine but the alternative would have broken centuries' old rules and what would they say?These people, they want you dead because you have less power than them and they don't know what to do with their own.These people, they have lots of money but no imagination so you are somehow a threat for some inexplicable reason.These people, they are mad and evil. You exist and are therefore in their way. They actually did you a favor. Now you no longer have to die because you are already dead.Gas leak it was.Maybe they were looking for something. Maybe they could find something. The thought crossed her mind the first time, the second, the third, the fourth the. After searching the homes, sometimes for hours, going back in the quiet of the night to find a clue they would usually find nothing. She enlisted the help of specialists. There was always nothing because there was nothing or the thing had been taken but really there was nothing. The bodies were the things to be found, the bodies were the clue. People were going to keep dying because of some reason called war. She would keep watch and yawn through her shifts as everyone else did. She would be called to look for information in places where life had left. She would sleep. She would wake up; she would do the job and then do all of it all over again the next day. People still had to eat, sleep, drink, shit, laugh, cry as necessary or when they could or not at all. Everyone would end up only a few of several ways with one destination.Someday they would all die. Someday they'd all be dead, dead, dead. Whether they would find the remains or not, dead. Did the family know or not? Dead. Fighting for either side? Dead. The work became harder when Philippa left which coincided in an uptick in violence. The direct confrontations started again. There were many more bodies that the members of the Order of the Phoenix had to meet before they died. Lots of things happened all at once all together and she reflected after one such meeting in particular that this was a waste of time. They had pointless jobs, everyone would end up the same way. She knew what Alastor wanted to say to this and he knew that she knew so he didn't say it. He had a feeling then, that she didn't mean it but another idea started to form about her, several ideas. He tried to understand them all and put them in the correct order. Then they received word. The old channels spoke and Lupin heard and soon after , they held something like a meeting to determine what they should do to protect Dorcas since Lord Voldemort was looking for her. If he knew about the Order, he did not care but she was now being hunted and that should have made her afraid. Instead, it was comforting. She really was good at her job, then.Maybe excitement isn't the right word but she felt prepared. All of her training had led up to this. Lord Voldemort wasn't so threatening in the city with everyone so close by. She did not want to die but maybe she wouldn't. Or rather, maybe she could defeat him. She would end the war. That's what it had felt like. This was the final test of her will and her training and she would not fail. But Alastor got yet another idea which he did not have time to understand. It was only right that he be the one the idea visited. He had recommended her to be in the Order and now he insisted that she go into hiding. She must go into hiding. He became paranoid and that unsettled her but there were more disturbing things. He had assumed that she hated the way he did it, the way he said it but that she made peace with it in the cottage as scared as she was as paranoid as she, too, became.Emmeline, long after Dorcas di-. Emmeline had asked Alastor. All of them had wondered but she had needed to know. How did he get Dorcas to leave. What had he said to make her pack her things and go hide? They could understand other people going into hiding, they could even understand the threat of Lord Voldemort but she hadn't been afraid, had she? Dorcas, like all aurors, lived with some mild, low-grade fear constantly, no? What had he said?"What did you say to her?", Emmeline had screamed, taken over by some hysteria. Anyone who saw her then, anyone, would have said that her pupils had turned a different color, she was that enraged.He had sent Dorcas away, not because of Lord Voldemort, though that was reason enough, but because he thought she was losing her mind. She recognized too late what his paranoia must have meant. He thought that she had been moved by what he had said. He would have let her stay if she had been anyone else, if she had just been an auror. She had been once but now all there was was the tubular sound of air trapped in one end of a wave being pushed out of the other. She would fight Lord Voldemort down when the time came. But being out in the water, swimming in the sea and the taste of salt reminded her, as it did that she could do great things as a human. She did not need to be anything more or less than that. She would try to defeat him, she would try to fight him off but he did not lose. His spells did not miss, they were not easily deflected. If she ended the war, that would be ideal. She would retire and never speak to Alastor Moody or anyone in the Order ever again. She would find Philippa. They would have a proper funeral for grandpa. She would come back to this cottage to burn it down and then build something new in its place. She could not imagine that she would ever want to come back to this exact one though the location was beautiful. Lupin had done an excellent job. Hm, maybe, on second thought, she would keep in touch with him. He wasn't so bad.Dorcas trudged out of the ocean even as it tried to pull her back in. She loved that feeling on her heels. It made you feel wanted. She would make herself something to eat when she got back, she thought. She felt pretty good today. She savored the clean feeling of the cold, the ringing in her ears dropped in an out as she sat on the cool sand to stare at the waves. She decided to lay down and make a sand angel. She got up to inspect it, smiling. As she head towards the cottage, the thought of Lord Voldemort drifted back to her. She would fight. That's the type of person she had taught herself to be and then maybe she could let that person go and die, figuratively speaking of course. She could do this everyday without the threat of the war and she could teach herself to be bored which became easier and easier. She could teach herself to be someone else.

Lydia could hear Dorcas barreling up the stairs. She knew everyone in the house by the sound of their footfall but Dorcas was always followed or preceded by what sounded like distant cheering. People chattering and the sound of happy commotion, laughter. If Lydia lay very still, she thought, she could will herself to die and that Dorcas would give her a good funeral. She might not be too happy about Lydia dying in Dorcas' borrowed clothes but she would understand. Instead Lydia stayed very much alive as the door swung open and Dorcas beamed as she was wont to do which Lydia saw as she inclined her head back and shut her eyes."Your day?" Dorcas asked."Long." Lydia said. She hadn't moved but for the motion Dorcas created by jumping on the bed flat on her stomach. "Yours?" Lydia said, eyes still shut.Dorcas took in an exaggerated, deep inhale. Lydia opened one eye when she didn't hear Dorcas let out her breath. Dorcas exhaled through her nose making a pinched, closed-mouth smile and they both laughed."Really? I don't know if I'm cut out for this". Dorcas said exhaling again. Tears welled in her eyes. Lydia read the requirements for auror training and it was brutal. Lydia could sympathize in her way, no one made her use the imperius curse on any of her colleagues. She didn't have to endure the cruciatus curse for any amount of time to get her own certification. She thought about the number of times she apparated that day, how she imagined that the interns were this close to draining the Thames for all the hot water they boiled for tea morning till evening. She felt foolish and embarrassed that, for the most part, all she had had to do was read sheafs of parchment which she might have done anyway for free but, these were really dry and boring and then she had to sort them. The text was really dry, alright? Lydia, didn't know if she actually wanted to know but she felt guilty that her worklife was relatively easy, boring and paid well but she still hated it."What happened, Dorcas?"Dorcas propped herself up on her side. Lydia patted the side of the bed while scooting over. Dorcas grabbed a pillow to herself. She did not want to talk about her day but stared straight ahead of her and, by some force, spoke anyway."We set a man on fire today."Dorcas could feel Lydia tense next to her so she turned and smiled a wan smile. She strangely no longer felt like crying so she continued."We were on a hill and at the top of the hill there was brush and the wizard ran into the brush. He dropped his wand so we thought the difficult part was over.""So you set the brush on fire?""Yes," Dorcas said nodding. "Someone said to get him out that way, force him out, so we set the field on fire."Lydia slumped back into the bed."I'm sorry, Dorcas" She really had had a bad day. To think that someone died that way…"Then he walked out and he was on fire.""Excuse me?" Lydia retorted she sat up. "I thought you said he died"" I said we set a man on fire." Dorcas was speaking to the opposite end of the room still holding the pillow to herself."So he's at St Mungo's then?", even worse, Lydia did not add.Dorcas shook her head. He's being held in the department of mys-Dorcas stopped herself. Even though Lydia worked at the ministry she didn't know how much she knew. Lydia could fill in the blank with multiple places in her mind and learned too that she was not the only one in the house who knew of the ministry's secret places but she thought she might find clarification."Where?", Lydia ventured."Nevermind." Dorcas said. Lydia thought it better not to press the point further. She would find out in time the details concerning ministry matters, which was to say, at some point she would read a report on part of this eventually."He's alive then?"Dorcas shook her head yes."Well that's good then!" Said Lydia who now watched Dorcas as Dorcas stared across the room at nothing in particular.Dorcas muttered a noncommittal sound of agreement."We couldn't kill him." Dorcas continuedNow Lydia was very confused.Here is what happened: the aurors in attendance were called to capture this wizard. Once they arrived, another auror had remarked absently at how beautiful a day it was. Cool and bright. They had not very far to look for the wizard but had chased him a short ways when he dropped his wand. He ran into the field at the top of the hill and the aurors set the hilly field on fire. The man walked out of the fire as a fire (or on fire, how to describe it) and started to descend the hill slowly and methodically. Someone shouted to put the fire out and an auror at the edge of the fire they had started found that he could not and fire felt like it was getting hotter even as it was not that wide or tall, nor did it seem to spread. They tried to extinguish the flame on the man and found they could not. They cast spells to stop him, lift him, trip him and nothing worked.Now Lydia understood but couldn't believe it. She sat up looking at Dorcas, Lydia may not have blinked for a full minute as she understood. There was no way what Dorcas said actually happened and Lydia might have said as much but a question squeezed the thought away."Please tell me no one tried the killing curse…", Lydia's voiced dropped in pitch and volume as she asked."Yes." Lydia tensed again."Mason, someone, shouted not to." she squinted as if trying to peer into the memory she was staring through, trying to remember the details. "Anyway I wouldn't have cast it.""Well, then, how?" Lydia asked.The man continued walking and Dorcas could hear people talking in the background, arguing. The man would get away eventually. Could he apparate like that? According to what Lydia knew, he could have but that maybe did not matter since he had been stopped beforehand. Dorcas had dug a patch in the ground. She knelt and placed her left hand in the dirt and with her wand in her right hand draw a circle around all of them: the wizard, the aurors and herself. She then pointed her wand at the man and started to chant. To cast a spell and several things happened. First the grass in the circle became greener, darker. Then it started to move towards the wizard on fire. But not just the grass itself but part of the earth underneath it moved also so that the aurors had to run to not be pulled into the wizard's orbit. She built a tunnel around the man with the earth from the circle. It slid over itself and as it moved Dorcas had to move awkwardly on her knees and moved her hand to maintain contact with the ground because she and the patch she had made was moving toward the man also. One of the other aurors understood and cleaved a trench around her so that she could stay still and have her hand on the ground. The land formed-"A chimney." Lydia said in her lowered voice. Now out of awe instead of fear.Dorcas shook her head again and sighed.The top of the mound was sealed off. The grass on the outside of the mound started to turn color and dry up before falling to the ground burnt. A hole was made at the top of the mound smoked and then the smoke turned black and billowed out and still Dorcas stayed chanting. The first incantations to move the earth, the second to make a container and the third, which took all her concentration, to keep the wizard inside it from cooking.The aurors had several options. They could open the mound and find that the wizard had other tricks, he could burst into flame again, he could disapperate. It was better that he be dead and turn him over to an expert than to risk him being alive and still dangerous. Another trench was made around the mound to loosen it from the surrounding dirt using levitation. Dorcas instinctively grabbed a handful of dirt, it might not make a difference but-"It did. It did." Lydia insisted.The wizard was transported by broom with Dorcas concentrating on maintaining her incantations that she barely noticed precariousness of the ride even as she balanced with her wand arm wrapped around the auror doing the flying, the other hand clutching a handful of dirt and her eyes never leaving what looked like a giant cracked over clay ball streaming acrid black smoke all the while. Whoever stayed in the field was able to put the fire out and the wizard survived the trip to the ministry and was relatively unharmed.Lydia stared , he mouth agape. She closed her mouth, breathed out through her nose and shook her head; she closed her eyes and then asked,"How did you know to do that?""Do what?""That!""I didn't. We just make it up most of the time. We do what we can without hurting anyone.""But how did you know he was immolata"Dorcas hadn't known. She didn't even know that word.Lydia knew she was smart, you could not have told her she wasn't and, if you had, she would not have believed it because it was untrue. Dorcas had said as much how much of a genius she was and that everyday Lydia taught her something new, which was true. After supper, Lydia would go over "the report", things she had read or learned while working that she would share with Dorcas and Dorcas would often as not, even though she was qualified to be an auror, have not heard or studied a full nine-tenths of whatever Lydia mentioned. But it was through one of these after meal reports that started the argument that gave Dorcas the idea.All of the flatmates had an argument about the Trace. They were all convinced that it was real to which Lydia rebutted that magic would not only be difficult but impractical. You have muggles born to wizards, wizards born to wizards and then wizards born to muggles. How would the ministry be able to keep track of all of these people? It would require touch magic at the least. Lydia maintained that the trace was a rumor and a way for wizard-born wizards to not advance so far ahead of their peers. Lydia had no interest in the stories of a person who was cousins with a butterbeer salesperson who knew a dragon tamer who was in Azkaban because they did magic that one time before they were of age. Might they be in Azkaban because of the dragons? Lydia retorted.There were so few immolata that Lydia had only read about them once. If the wizard had died, he would have created fiend fyre. If he had apparated he risked killing himself and leaving behind fiend fyre."What would you have done?", Dorcas asked.She meant it as a genuine question which Lydia understood."I don't know. I might have just followed him around until he got too hungry or tired to continue. We don't know what happens if they fall asleep or if they even need to." Now Lydia had pulled herself up to rest on the headboard and she too was staring at nothing in particular in front of her. "Their bodies aren't just on fire, it's everything so to speak. You mentioned he was walking slowly which leads me to believe it takes a great act of will, that it's difficult, it's taxing."As Lydia explained, Dorcas realized how she could not articulate as quickly as Lydia could what she understood about taking the dirt with her, about having her hand in the soil. The auror, whoever it had been, who had said to hold the killing curse must have understood something about the nature of the fire but couldn't articulate, or didn't have time to, why something was or wasn't a bad idea. They were trained to assess and act and did. They were trained to trust each other and had. As aurors, the latter, at least, rarely failed them and if it did, their understanding of the former lead them to forgive each other quickly. Lydia was not an auror but helped her articulate and understand. They both sighed for different reasons staring before them before Lydia started to speak out loud, mostly to herself, to brainstorm and build out what might be included in "the report" which would have been ready by evening's end if it hadn't been for a visitor.

All of them but Stan were now standing in front of the door to the living room. Heidi could not have smiled any harder. She had just left some of the fresh baked pastries in front of the great Alastor Moody with the most flavorsome tea she could mix on the fly. She had sprinted to her room and mixed a little orange zest with a little lavender and a black tea from India that she had picked up in Tangenti Alley that smelled crisp. It would go perfectly with the biscuits! Maybe she could make something else but for now she was standing outside the door unable to contain herself. Dorcas was still unsure of the outfit she was wearing."Anything will do. You look lovely now but you can't keep him waiting all day." Bradley hissed."Brad's right." Lydia said eying Dorcas outfit."What's wrong?" Dorcas replied."Nothing." Lydia said. "Nothing at all."Lydia…""It's nothing. Really." She said unconvincingly. Heidi could not contain herself."He said he really enjoyed the biscuits! And the tea! He wished me good luck on the bakery, said if he'd have known, he would have brought something to take seconds!""So just pack him something to go then, 'Dis.""He's leaving? Has he left?!" Stan eyes stared wide from his place on the steps. He had a handful of parchment of photos or papers nearly crushed in his hands."Quiet." Bradley pointed towards the door.Stan deflated, looked like he was going to cry. His free hand left the bannister and flew to his panting chest. This was all too much for him. Lydia surveyed the scene. All this feeling from someone who studied the stars. And this is precisely why she hadn't studied divinations. She shook her head."Ooh, the blue top!" Brad said. "The one with daisies. You look lovely in that one.""I couldn't find it…" said Dorcas, smoothing over her top. Lydia's mouth drew into a straight line exposing her teeth."I lent it to Heidi." she said.Heidi wished she still had something in her hands and scratched the back of her hairline."It's good luck. I wore it when I got my apprenticeship and thought it could be good luck to someone else so I lent it to someone we went to school with. You know Emily? She was a Ravenclaw I think…" Her voice dropped away.Lydia had seized on the truth of what Heidi had said. "It really is good luck."Dorcas looked back and forth at them both."Might have been nice to have some of that luck now.""I'll say." Brad added.Dorcas looked at him sidelong.Brad shrugged his shoulders."We make our own luck, don't we?" Said Stan fully recovered and gleeful again. "Some of it's the stars and the rest is us."He shoved the papers in Dorcas direction dumping them in her arms. Dorcas looked down and saw the man she was supposed to meet on the other side of the door looking at her from a photograph. She couldn't do this."I can't do this." Dorcas said."Of course you can." They all said in their own way at the same time, some slightly kinder than the others."What if he's telling me I can't be an auror? Or something about, about something?"Lydia was losing patience. "During a war? They send out one of history's greatest aurors to tell an almost auror that she can't be one?" She could tell Dorcas really was nervous. Her shoulders dropped and she rolled her eyes understanding what she had gone through that day and trying to understand what she'd been through to get that far and feeling slightly guilty for it. "Look Dorcas, whatever he says will be fine. You are an extraordinary witch and I wouldn't say that to just anyone."Heidi conceded, nodding in affirmation. Lydia placed both hands on Dorcas' shoulders."Go in there with your chin up and shoulders down and whatever he says we will deal with together…"Tears stood in Stan's eyes."…Or alone depends on what he says.""Good on you, Lydia!""What? Did I say something wrong?" Said Lydia looking back and forth between Brad and Dorcas sensing the sarcasm in Brad's voice.Dorcas smiled and shook her head. She knew Lydia. They all knew her even though Lydia might have sworn that they didn't."Nothing at all but, maybe we can speed this up since he's been waiting for at least fifteen minutes now! So go!" Said Brad.Dorcas took a deep breath and, clutching the papers to her chest, made her way for the door."Wait!" Hissed Lydia. She ran to the kitchen, and grabbed her wand.She returned and waved it, the papers flew into the air. She waved her wand again and Dorcas' shirt tucked itself in and she waved her wand a third time and the papers landed neatly and straightened out in her hands."Better will have to do." She muttered. Dorcas gave her a look of thanks."Wait!" Lydia said as Dorcas turned the door knob. She slid up to Dorcas and sighed. Under her breath and quickly but still sincerely she said."Look, you know how I feel about people but I really do enjoy living here and anyway, I don't think I can afford to live somewhere else on my salary right now. Try not to get sacked."And she pushed the door open so Dorcas had no choice but to enter the room.The door closed neatly behind her.

Alastor could hear chattering on the other side of the door now and the faint ticking of a clock. He looked around the room and thought it was dressed rather formally given the age of the people who lived there. He correctly guessed that they were renting someone else's house. He had always had access to money, first through his own parents, who were aurors, and then when he went to training himself so he hadn't had to live with anyone else when he was younger. He knew how people could behave when he was around and so, after a point, almost right after school, it might have been awkward to live with anyone anyway. The second anyone had brought home a guest, what was going on on the opposite side of that door would happen over and over again and so it was less trouble to live by himself.His arms were rested on his thighs and his fingers were laced. He continued to survey the room. Everything seemed like they came from an older person or people, or at least the same people, the deep marroon-y, forest green-y, dark grey jacquard of the couch, the embroideries, the heaviness of the squat side tables. It all gave the impression that it was musty and dust-covered and yet it was spotless. The setting sun cast a soft glow in the room and further illuminated the things in the room that Alastor also correctly assumed did not belong to the original owners. A bright, yellow wood upright piano stood proudly in the corner, it was carved in some ornate something that might have found a home here but the carving was more delicate and lighter, more playful. A vase of flowers sat on one of the side tables on a coaster of gleaming cracked stone and on the heavy old coffee table, sat a fuchsia tray with little figures dancing on it in some new style of the day. All of these things made him smile to himself.He heard someone come down the stairs and stop midway. He wondered in passing what the people on the other side of the door might be saying but he had a very strong idea of what was going on. He thought to take another sip of tea. It was very tasty. Hm, he thought to himself. The young woman who opened the door. The piano or flowers or the cracked stone belongs to her. The tray certainly and definitely belongs to the young woman who brought them in. He really did think that if she got to starting a bakery, if she baked as well as these pastries, she would be wealthier than him in no time whatsoever but he was not there for either of them.Alastor had heard Dorcas' name now several times and knew she worked closely with Mason, she was no longer an apprentice as far as he was concerned. Was it two field appointments ago when she had pulled a man out of part of a cabinet? Mason and Dorcas' had both caught the witch who had apparated with the wizard and left a lot of him fused with the furniture not even having the decency to splinch him in the air. Instead of sending the wizard directly to Mungo's, she knew enough of the magic to prize his legs and shoulder blade from the surrounding wood. She had cast a charm or spell or something that sent part of his blood circulating through the wood itself, along the channels already there and back into his body until a specialist could separate the wizard's heart and spine from the plane he was stuck in. Both Alastor and Kingsley considered sending an owl of congratulations and praise for that. When he learned the news of what happened today however, he told Kingsley and his team that he would show up himself. This used to be more common. Alastor had many owls and letters sent to him in his day. Aurors used to visit each other for encouragement and support, even for small cases. The small cases could very quickly get out of hand. They had all lost someone to something that started as a small case.Alastor heard the door and looked up. There was a pause and then the person he wanted to see was in the room. He stood up."Miss Meadowes?"She gave something of a curtsy. She hadn't meant to."Yes. Hello, Mr. Moody." She stammered still carrying the stack of papers as she made her way forward. She noticed right on time and turned to set them on top of the piano by the door. She wiped her hands against her trousers."Nice to finally meet you." Said Alastor.She shook his hand when she was closer, nodding, unsure of what to say. He sat back down on the couch smiling. She continued to stand. He motioned for the chair and she sat in a chair in a house that she paid rent in because she was calculating on the best time to sit and then she hadn't sat at the right time and then she didn't know if she should keep standing and-"You don't mind. Just as a precaution." Dorcas shook her head."Actually, do you mind, if it is no problem for you Mr. Moody?"He shook his head. Dorcas pulled her wand from under her pants leg tucked in her sock. Alastor breathed a quiet sigh of relief, he thought momentarily that she was one of the aurors who only kept her wand for work but it had been there all along.She turned in the chair."Pulsonorate silencio!"And a bang sounded against the door and Stan yelped in surprise from the other side.Alastor covered his mouth with one hand. He might have found this even funnier if she had not turned back to sit in the chair as nervous as she had come through the door."Thank you." She muttered.He nodded his head, removing his hand from his face but still smiling."I'm here, Ms. Meadowes to discuss your work." Dorcas tensed. "Everything is fine. Better than that, in fact, I'm here because I heard about your case earlier today and wanted to commend you on a job very well done. We have discussed some of your cases and all of us our proud and impressed by your work." Dorcas looked surprised. "Yes, Ms. Meadowes. If this is the kind of work you're doing now, then England is very lucky to have you as an auror. Thank you for all of your service and good work."Dorcas really did not know what to say."You look surprised.""I didn't know if… I wasn't sure why you'd be here if… thank you. Thank you, sir.""You're welcome. Please let me know if there's anything any of us can do for you. I've discussed this all with Mason, of course, and you are free to continue working with him, in fact I'd personally encourage that, but we have decided as district heads that you are no longer an apprentice as of today."Dorcas eyes widened."When you feel ready, and only then, you are free to take assignments alone and as you feel comfortable and safe. Know also, and I am unsure if this is still taught during training, you working alone is never a requirement, we never fight alone. You can send a message to any of us to support you. This really only means that if you see fit, you can now work by yourself and can host your own apprentice. Mason will discuss your salary tomorrow morning. Whichever number you have in mind, double it and add a zero. Really, this just means a lot more paperwork." He smiled, he thought the last part was funny. "Please let me know if you have any questions or if there is anything I can help you with."Dorcas shook her head taking it all in. She was no longer an apprentice? She was planning on quitting tomorrow, should she tell him that? No, nope. Don't say that! They thought she was doing well? Alastor Moody thought she was doing well? This was amazing news. Maybe she wasn't so awful at her job after all! Or maybe she was, she thought, but this was still good news! She would have to go over what to do with Lydia later today. She might have to discuss this with Brad, hell, they should all discuss what she would do. She would make some tea and see if Heidi had some of the bicuits leftover or could make something else."Thank you so much for everything that you've said today, sir. I am only glad that you and the auror league find my contribu-."Something had caught her eye and her face dropped. Alastor followed her sightline. The handful of the honey almond treats they had multiplied on the tray. Now Alastor was laughing behind his hand but Dorcas didn't even notice."As I was saying," Dorcas powered through, "before these desserts started to-" She had been trying to be funny even if she didn't feel like it was, she was trying to break some of the tension she felt in herself but the biscuits bloomed again on the tray. Heidi put a charm on them, didn't she? Biscuit, pastry, baking, Dorcas thought and the pile grew three times larger and spilled onto the floor. Dorcas inhaled slowly, her voice dropped and she turned."Mr. Moody, I am so sorry. It's just that my friends are so excited for you to be here. I hope you understand and I had nothing to do with this." He looked up to see her holding back tears. She pointed her wand at the tray and mumbled something. Dessert, she thought and the tray stayed as large as it was but didn't grow."Miss Meadowes, I-""Dorcas." She whispered. She was too embarrassed to accept this level of formality when he had just complimented her on her work and her little kid flatmates were doing little kid magic in front of their, her and her boss' boss' boss' hero."Dorcas, I don't mind. They were delicious and," he cleared his throat to keep from laughing, "now I can take some home without feeling guilty."Dorcas relaxed."Thank you Mr. Moody.""Alastor. If you don't have any questions," Dorcas shook her head vigorously, "May I ask what that stack of things you brought in might be." Dorcas closed her eyes, took a deep breath and then exhaled.-The door opened up to her flatmates crowded around it. They milled as if they hadn't been trying to catch a little of what was being discussed but didn't dare try to cast a counterspell or amplify what was said on the other side. They were reasonably sure that Alastor Moody might just give them a stern talking to about privacy and the sensitive nature of his work but, for all that they knew that Dorcas loved them, in this particular instance, they were certain she would have no hesitation in testifying against them all and recommending they be sent directly to Azkaban. She looked at them all."Heidi," Oh no, oh no, oh no, she thought. "He wants to know if you have a container to spare so he can take some of the biscuits home."Heidi beamed and seemingly out of nowhere, she brought her hands from behind her back and there it was, a container full of pastries."Tell him, I put some tea in there too. It's a great pairing, I think. If he doesn't like it he can feel free to just gift it to someon-"Dorcas made to open the door to go back into the living room and turned again "When this door is opened again, can you not all be crowded around it? Please and thank you!" She hissed and went back inside.Alastor Moody was now standing and received the gift."Thank you. I only wish, I could also take the tea. It was a delightful pairing."

"Please after you." Dorcas grabbed the stack of papers from the piano and swung the door open to let Alastor go first and there were her flatmates, even closer to the door than they were before, scrambling to get up. Dorcas stood behind him, her head hung in defeat."Hello. All of you." He said nodding to the four of them in turn."Hello, sir!""Mr. Moody, a true honor.""Thank you for visiting our home.""Mr. Moody!"He turned to Dorcas, again. "Please, remember what I said about Mason.""Thank you, sir." He smiled a half-smile. He knew that if she called him Alastor, all of the people looking at him now with sparkling, gleaming eyes would collapse right there.He turned to Heidi."These were very nice. Good luck with your bakery and thank you for the gifts.""And you too, Mr. Moody. When the bakery is up and flying, you can order anything you'd like from the menu anytime for the rest of your life free of charge. I mean until the day you die. It could be ten years from now, twenty."Heidi." Brad said."A hundred years.""Heidi." Brad repeated."Well, you know what I mean." The expression on her face was unsure if she believed that."I understand. Thank you. And you, Lydia is it, I heard you work at the ministry."Lydia's eyes widened. She looked over his shoulder to Dorcas. Dorcas face remained unmoving and impassive."I do work at the ministry." she said looking back at Alastor. He held out his hand and shook hers. "I'm sure you do very important work."Lydia said nothing. Alastor smiled."Well, I'm still just an apprentice but someday soon I hope to not be."Dorcas had never seen Lydia this nervous about anything. She'd even started to smile in her giddiness."If you ever need any information I might have at the ministry, not saying that you don't have that same information or not that you don't know anyone else who can get you that information," she laughed nervously, "but, maybe, if you are in need of," and here her voice started to drop off "a specific type of parchment or a form request, I can help you. I can help you find the right one."Lydia was as thorough as ever and as she was talking she had not realized she was shaking his hand still. She heard herself not offer the gift of a lifetime of free pastries but instead the opportunity to have someone tell him about forms. The smile started to fade from her face."Thank you, Lydia.""Mh-hm." She said as she forced herself to smile again. She let go of his hand, turned on her heels and walked away.Alastor for the upteenth time that day, dropped his head to conceal a smile."Hi, I'm Stan. Did you get the," he looked at Dorcas still in the doorway whose face had not changed throughout the entirety of this exchange and holding the stack of press clippings."I apologize, Stan, I'm not really one for autographs." Dorcas rolled her eyes as Stan wilted. "But, if you keep it to yourselves, please." Alastor pulled a sheet of parchment out from his dark green coat pocket and handed it to Stan who looked at the autograph and clutched it to his chest."Thank you so much." He said breathless. "Me and Brad," he pulled Brad up to himself, "we work for the Astronomer's Association of England and North Wales. We plot charts and the like. We don't have much to offer," Brad glanced at Stan, "but we are big fans of your work. Thank you for keeping all of us safe.""Thank you both for your work." Brad nodded and tilted forward in a small, conspicuous half bow. Stan bowed outright. They shook hands."As a matter of security, if you could please keep my visit between yourselves." Stan nodded."Of course, I got this from a shop in Diagon Alley." He said."Good. And," he motioned, towards the kitchen, "could you also tel-""She won't say anything." They all said in perfect unison."Good. It was nice meeting all of you." He turned slightly to Dorcas as they all walked to the front door in an awkward, slightly immobile tangle. "I hope to work with you in the field one day soon, Miss Meadowes."She smiled at him."Thank you again, sir."Stan rushed for the door."That won't be necessary." Alastor waved. When the door shut behind him, he couldn't tell you exactly why but when he heard the squealing and cheering, he imagined that they had wrapped themselves around Dorcas and that she stood there, mock pretending that it bothered her but that she was smiling and enjoying the attention. He could not have told you why, even though he knew he had something to do with it, that he mostly didn't, and that they celebrated each other and her and her them and that this might have been any other day of the week and he could have been anyone else and that this, of all of the things that he had witnessed today made him happiest of all and certain that Dorcas was as good an auror as everyone said she was and as great as they said she would someday be.

Philippa woke early. Even as she had stayed awake longer than her usual bedtime for an excellent reason. After getting dressed quietly, she kissed her still sleeping husband good morning. She had left him sleeping downstairs but he had found his way up the stairs to their warm bed. She left the party when she had not because she wasn't enjoying herself but because she was just older now. She left the party to the babies satisfied with the amount of get down that she had offered and when no one noticed, even as the party started to wind down, she made her way upstairs content to clean up later. She had raised good kids and heard soft humming from someone in the kitchen, she heard the soft clanking of dishes and running water. Her kids had also raised good children, even as she walked down the stairs she noticed the house was that much tidier than when she had retired to bed after leaving her husband snoring on the recliner. She would help later, she just needed to sneak out shortly and then she turned behind her quickly on instinct. Her granddaughter was following behind her in a way that kids do when they think they're being sneaky exaggerated tiptoeing and all. She looked like a little cartoon character she whispered louder than Philippa thought she meant to. There was nothing for it, the little girl, her sweet grand baby sensed that her grandmother was going out and every event with her grandmother was fun, every event an adventure. They were outside after morning salutations and a kiss on the cheek to the girlfriend of one of her grandsons, the one doing the dishes. A girlfriend. Philippa sighed to herself and thought she really was an old woman now. If she were lucky she might get to meet a great grandchild. Her granddaughter looked up at her a little impatient, asked if they were ready to go now. I am lucky, Philippa thought.Philippa and her granddaughter walked small, young little kid hand in bigger, older grandma hand. Shortly, Philippa and the baby, whose nickname was alternately Lentil or Bug because she was so small, came to a flower stall. Her granddaughter chose and insisted on carrying a single flower and her grandmother chose a bunch of several. She admired how decisive this child was that she had insisted on the one. Philippa asked if she wanted only the one and that type of flower and offered to get a few more but the child remained resolute."No, this one.", she had said looking over the others in confirmation of the one she held. She absentmindedly brought it to her chest.They boarded the bus and they talked in their old, young person young, old person way. The journey was shorter than it had ever been but Philippa still thought the baby might get tired but instead she had kept her from being tired. She would fall asleep on the way back after staring out of the window in a meditative baby silence observing and recording and remembering and feeling but on the way, she chatted with her grandmother laughing openly and freely and making several of the other bus riders smile to themselves. When they arrived at the beach Philippa and Lentil took their shoes off at the edge of the street and the sand. Philippa found a nice spot to sit on the edge of concrete bench one of the many and they both watched the sea until the baby got distracted which happened almost immediately. Look at this shell! What's that? Grandma, let's go in the water! It was too cold for that, the sky filled with a noncommittal haze of grey clouds the fog having lifted only a few, sad hours ago. She ran to the edge of the ocean and back and back again screeching and screaming and laughing. Philippa got up to run and play too. Why not? They ran back and forth to the water's edge and both got their shoes wet. They went back to the bus panting and laughing as the morning sun started to burn off the last bits of haze stuck to the shore. Somehow the child remembered the flower long enough to grab it for the return trip home and then forgot it on the bus. Philippa had forgotten her bunch and they never made it passed their perch on the bench facing the water.They both got home empty handed and happy to a house full of even happier people, more of them awake now. When asked what they had done and where they had gone, the child realized in her child way how special, if insignificant, the trip had been and kept the information very much to herself smiled to her grandmother, held up a finger to her round, little face, a shush which her grandmother returned smiling. Philippa's daughter and Lentil's mother shrugged still tired but thankful.It was too early for this. A cousin had peeked around downstairs, realized it wasn't worth his time, snuggled right back down to sleep smiling. Grandpa had done something similar but went to his chair in the living room and being a grandpa he found a luxury in falling asleep in a chair surrounded by his loved ones but thirty, forty years earlier, he would have gone right back upstairs to sleep in a bed too and I mean right back upstairs. This one was rubbing his face, a yawn, the other adults and even the older children woke up and the morning sounds started. Even the building was happy and waking up with a yawn fluttered its upstairs shutters to enjoy the remainder of the week's birthday events. The girlfriend sat at the piano now that the house was almost completely tidied after the nudging of someone who wanted music in the house. They would take over whatever she had been doing. The house perked up even further. The house loved music and laughter and joy! Philippa turned at the piano being played and then remembered the flowers. And she felt so happy she could cry but didn't. Her granddaughter went to sit at the elbow of the pretty, nice girl who had come in with her cousin. The granddaughter picked out parts of a tune she had never heard. Philippa sat on the couch with her family buzzing around her. She didn't want to remember what she remembered but maybe you can't always control that. So she listened and remembered and tried to forget and couldn't but also did. Some parts of the music had changed or did she remember incorrectly? She did not. She would never forget that music. Her mind might but her hands wouldn't and she played along in her mind and realized that someone must have changed other parts. She did not know what to feel so she sat and listened. The house had never heard that music before and trilled. It kept the secret joys and fears and pains and regrets and funerals and births and birthdays and Sundays and Thursdays and everydays of all who had ever lived there once and those who lived there still and remembered the best, happiest parts listening to the piano music. The house hummed which was the humming of the people in the house, really, but it was the same thing. It kept and held the memories of those who would remember or forget, even by choice, because it kept and held them. Sometimes the house held people who were even very happy and sometimes. The piano continued into a sweeping something that soared over a cold lake at dusk and the cousin who had tucked himself into bed couldn't get back to sleep because he was awake listening too. The house held the young and the old and they held their secrets: the flowers, the bus ride, the beach and their wet shoes airing outside, their feet dry and warm now.

This takes place someplace in the 5th year around the middle of the first term, months before the 'lake incident'. The Marauders have finished their Animagi transformations, so they've gone on a couple of full moons with Remus. The Marauder's Map is nearly finished, so that's why it's being used here.I think that the relationship with James and Lily wasn't as bad as people make it out to be. I mean, obviously she hated him whenever he was bullying Snape, but I don't think it would prevent her from having small talk with him. They were in the same year and house, after all. Their relationship turned sour after the lake incident, but in this story, James apologizes immediately after returning to Hogwarts as 6th years.Chapter One: Of Wolf and SnapeSeverus Snape was sat completely still in a broom closet just outside of Gryffindor Tower. He kept himself a distance away from the Marauders, minus Lupin, who was sick as usual. They had their backs to him and were talking in quiet, even tones. He hid in the shadows, as he always had and it was so dark that not even Severus could see his own hands. The only source of light came from a dying torch that sputtered fumes of dim fire, and from the light of the full moon streaming through the open window.He laughed inwardly at the three of them. Severus had never used the term Marauder. It was stupid and childish, but then again, thought Severus begrudgingly, there were no other words to describe that lot.He heard snippets of their conversation. He caught something about Moony and the Whomping Willow. Potter held a piece of parchment in his hands, but Severus couldn't see what was on it.Suddenly they all turned in his direction, and keeping care not to look at the broom closet, Severus noted, they stepped in through the portrait hole slowly. Finally, Snape reached out his hand to the door handle and was about to leave when suddenly a mocking voice jeered at him."Come out, Snivellus, I know you're there."Severus closed his eyes. Sirius Black. He had no idea what to do now.Severus pushed the door of the broom closet open and brandished his wand at Black, who had his wand pointed at him too.Black raised an eyebrow, smiling scathingly. "Really Snivellus, I didn't think you'd sink this low. Sneaking and slithering around like the little snake you are, what the bloody hell were you thinking?"Severus hissed, a low, chilling sound. "Sod off, Black. What I do is none of your business.""None of my business?" said Black disbelievingly. "What, you expect me to believe that you're going to ask me or James or Peter on a date?"Severus said nothing."Or maybe," said Black coldly, but then smiled sinisterly. "You want to ask darling Lily Evans?"Severus inhaled sharply, and his insides filled with rage. He raised his wand, about to curse Black to oblivion, but then his wand flew out of his hand towards Sirius Black's outstretched arm."You'll have to be quicker than that, Snivellus," said Black, contempt dripping from every word."Give me my wand back, you filthy blood traitor!"Sirius inclined his head. "Certainly."He tossed the wand in the air like he was playing tennis, and then trained his own wand at it as it fell."Depulso!"Severus's wand shot towards him before he could react and slammed into his forehead, causing sparks to fly out of the tip. He slumped to the ground."Be careful what you wish for, Snivellus," said Black, and he stepped towards him, his wand raised.Severus couldn't pretend that he wasn't scared; he was dazed and hurt, and Severus was unable to reach for his wand. He closed his eyes, bracing himself for a curse...It didn't come.Severus looked up cautiously. Black was studying him, his eyes tracing over Severus's face."You're so eager to get answers," said Black slowly, any trace of loathing in his voice gone, replaced by mock understanding. "You want to know why Remus gets sick all the time."Severus remained silent. Black stepped forwards again and leaned down, his face inches away from Severus's."There's an opening between one of the roots of the Whomping Willow," whispered Black. "Touch the knot above it, and it'll lead you to the answer to your question."Then Black backed away, next to the Fat Lady. He whispered the password to it and he put one leg through."Go there at your own risk, Snape," said Black, his expression unreadable. "Don't say I didn't warn you."And he stepped through. The painting swung shut behind him.Snape was breathing heavily. He snatched his wand up and scrambled towards the open window. He could see the Whomping Willow in the moonlight, thrashing and whirling about. Then suddenly, the tree froze.As he watched, he saw Madam Pomfrey emerge from beneath the tree. She dusted herself off and made her way back to the castle.Severus's interest was piqued. He stood up, and looking left and right, disappeared down the corridor.James was sitting in the common room talking to Marlene and Lily. He saw Sirius come through the portrait hole – he assumed that he'd taken care of the Snape problem, and was about to call him over when suddenly Sirius ducked his head and avoided his gaze. He practically ran towards the boy's dormitories.James raised an eyebrow at him through the ceiling. He turned to Lily and Marlene, who were also taken aback at Sirius's weird behaviour. He gave his best mate five minutes to get comfortable. If he'd lost his fight against Snape... Well, there was always the full moon to cheer him up."Excuse me, ladies," he said swiftly. "Let's go, Wormtail."He and Peter ascended the stairs and knocked on their door. There was no sound coming from inside. James opened it forcefully and found Sirius sitting on his bed, a bottle of firewhisky in hand. James noticed that there was another bottle on top of his bedside cabinet."Padfoot?"Sirius gave a start and stared at James and Peter as though he'd just realized they were there. He gave a grunt in greeting and turned back to his bottle, downing it in one go."How did it go with Snape?" asked Peter tentatively."It went fine." His answer was short and swift.James frowned. It was unlike Sirius not to gloat about his duels. He looked all right to James physically. At least, there weren't any visible injuries, so James figured that he'd gotten out fine."Sirius, is something wrong?" asked James.Sirius shook his head and summoned another drink."All right, then," said James uncertainly. "And stop drinking, Padfoot. We don't want a repeat of the first full moon. A drunk dog is a bad dog."James and Peter chuckled at the memory, but Sirius didn't join in. In fact, when James mentioned the full moon, he'd gone white as a sheet.James ignored it, chalking it up to the drink. "Well, I reckon we should get an early start. I'll get my cloak out. Here, Wormy, hold the map.""We can't go," mumbled Sirius. He took another gulp of firewhisky.James and Peter looked at him."What?" said Peter."We can't go," repeated Sirius.James stooped down until he was face to face with him. "Why can't we go?""Because, Prongsie," slurred Sirius drunkenly, "Snivellus's ugly face'll be there."There was a pause before anything happened. James looked at him sharply. "What did you say? What do you mean Snape'll be there?"Sirius looked at James, his eyes unfocused. "Moony'll have Snape to keep him company tonight, Prongs, I told him how to get past the Whomping Willow." Sirius grinned, sloshing firewhisky all over himself. "Serves him right, that stupid – fucking – snake. Always sneaking around for answers, t-trying to get us expelled..."James and Peter were too horrified to say anything."We won't have to w-worry about him anymore, Prongs!" exclaimed Sirius delightedly, his eyes crossing. "That bastard's as good as dead!"Sirius looked so damned pleased with himself, and he finished the bottle before any of them could open their mouths. James recovered first. He looked at Sirius as though he didn't know him at all."You have no idea what you've done," murmured James, slowly backing away from him, "No idea. To Snape, to Remus, to yourself..."Sirius ducked down, about to grab another bottle of firewhisky, but James had had enough. He pointed his wand at Sirius, and instantly the drapes on his bed sprang to life and wrapped themselves around his body. Sirius yelled and shouted profanities at him, but James was staring at him, cold fury in his eyes."You fucking prat, you're going to get all of us expelled, you're going to get Snape killed!" James rounded on Wormtail. "Call Dumbledore – anybody with authority, and get someone in here to guard Sirius!"Peter nodded, a determined look on his face. "What're you going to do, James?"James looked at Sirius with distaste. "I'm going to fix this mess he's put us in," his voice shook with anger. "I'll be back. Don't follow me."James took the map from Peter. He dashed down the stairs, past Lily and Marlene who shot questions that he left unanswered, past the Fat Lady, who called after him, all the way down to the doors that led to the grounds, to the Whomping Willow..."Alohomora!"The doors swung open with a groan and he took off, running as fast as he could. He could see Snape's billowing cloak as he got closer, he could see him running as well, running towards the thrashing tree. As James watched, Snape levitated a branch and glided it towards the opening; with a slight nudge, the tree stood still, and Snape disappeared down the passageway.No, thought James.He tried to run faster, but it was no use: the Whomping Willow still seemed as though it was miles away. With a wave of his wand, James sprang into the air and landed on all fours, taking on the form of a great, regal stag.He sprinted across the grounds with renewed speed, and he jumped again once he was close to the Whomping Willow; he turned back to his normal form in mid-air and flew past the jerking branches of the tree, right into the hole – he landed on his feet and pain flared all the way up to his waist, but he ignored it, he had to get to Snape, he could see his dark, greasy hair swishing from side to side now –"SNAPE!" bellowed James, "TURN BACK!"Snape whirled about, his wand at the ready, and saw that it was James. He sneered at him."Too late now, Potter," said Snape softly, his eyes glinting with malice. "By the end of the night, you and your friends will have been expelled."James yelled in frustration, closing in on him despite the fact that he was being held at wandpoint. "You don't understand! You have to run – run now before it's too late –"Snape fired a jet of yellow light at him, but James dodged, rolling to the ground and unsheathing his wand while he did it, and shot a curse of his own.Snape deflected it with a fast flick; another wave and James suddenly felt the ground sink at his feet. The earth was rising quickly, swallowing him whole, suffocating him –And then he thought of Remus, he thought of what he'd become, that Snape did not know what he was walking into –"Ascendio!" he gasped.He rose up into the air, following the movement of his wand arm, and he crawled out of the hole. He was losing sight of Snape. He had only a few moments before they would encounter a ruthless beast so terrifying, its victims would rather die than become one of their kind…James picked himself up and dashed through the tunnel."Snape!" he tried again. "Please, you don't know what you're doing –"Snape's laughter rang humorlessly throughout the passageway."You don't understand," pleaded James, "turn back – turn back now..."James couldn't see Snape at all now, he was hiding in the shadows again, and James had no idea where he was this time, but he didn't care, his only goal was to stop Snape from reaching the Shrieking Shack –"Sectumsempra!"James had not expected the curse and it hit him swiftly in the chest. Cuts and gashes appeared instantly, and his blood splattered the ground. James gasped and fell to his knees, he was yelling now, he couldn't concentrate through the pain..."No," he croaked out, struggling to breathe, "Snape, please..."But Snape was gone. He had gone through the shadows and entered the Shrieking Shack."No..."And then a scream pierced the night, reverberating through the tunnel and rolling across the grounds of Hogwarts, and then Moony howled: a sound so haunting James put his hands over his ears and curled into a ball, trying to block out the noise, but he got up, ignoring the pain and the loss of blood and he stumbled through the darkness and climbed the stairs of the shack.There he was: Snape, a terrified expression on his face, cornered by a wolfish beast with teeth as sharp as razors and claws as long as speartips, standing about twice as tall as him. Moony seemed surprised to see him there, but even more than that: he looked delighted, a kind of hunger present in his eyes. He bared his teeth at Snape and gnashed his mouth, savouring in the fear that exuded off of him.The werewolf pounced, and for a moment Snape froze, unable to do anything, but then James pointed his wand at his friend and yelled, "Confringo!"The blast was so powerful that the surrounding furniture caught fire and disintegrated. The shack groaned and shook. Moony whimpered, having been thrown to the wall, confused and hurt..."RUN, YOU IDIOT!" bellowed James at Snape, "ARE YOU BLIND? HE'S A WEREWOLF!"Snape gulped and practically flew towards James, not bothering to look back. He descended the stairs and James heard his footsteps grow fainter.James heard Moony shuffling and moaning behind him, recovering from his curse. He shot another spell at him that went wild, and he followed Snape out of the Shack.He raced back down towards the secret passage, nearly passing out from exhaustion, but then he heard a fearsome growl that made his hair stand on end. Adrenaline surged through his body. He thanked Merlin for the rigorous Quidditch exercises he had put himself through and found the strength to run.He had nearly caught up with Snape when suddenly another howl sounded – louder and more horrifying than the last. James and Snape glanced back, petrified, and saw only a creature of brown and black running towards them."Protego!" shouted James. The shield charm burst out of his wand, and he willed it to bend and curve, taking in the form of the werewolf –Moony shattered the shield as soon as he came in contact with it, but it had slowed him down. James shoved Snape forwards and they both bolted, a werewolf hot on their heels.Snape tripped over his own robes and took James down with him. The werewolf leapt past them, unable to stop himself and allowing his momentum to carry him. He skidded to a halt and turned to James and Snape, a grinning maliciously.James's mind was racing. Moony had blocked the only way out, and he was advancing slowly, his eyes on his prey, great black beads that bounced from James to Snape to James...And it pounced once again, a terrifying black mass of evil and dark magic, and James had no choice but to transform and meet it midair. The werewolf yelped in surprise as a familiar shape crashed into him, antlers pressing down on Moony's skin and trapping his legs over his head –Prongs gave a mighty shove and Moony slammed into the wall, dazed. James transformed back."Come on!" he snarled to Snape. "He's not going to stay down for long…"They both hurried off towards the Whomping Willow. The smell of grass and forest was getting stronger. There was nothing up ahead, they would make it, James was sure they would –And if I don't, thought James furiously, I'll kill Sirius in the afterlife. But the sound of four paws hitting the ground made him stop, and he turned around just in time to conjure another shield as Moony roared at him, biting and clawing at his spell.James held on, his wand steady and his face set, not about to let the big ugly wolf win."Go," said James through gritted teeth, his eyes boring holes into the wolf's face. "Get out of here."Snape remained silent, and to James, it felt as though he was about to protest, but he turned around and marched off. James narrowed his eyes at the werewolf."And you, Moony," he growled, "are going to sleep."He thrust his wand forward, forcing the shield charm to fly, the werewolf in front. He landed a good 10 feet away from James."Incendio!" exclaimed James, and he flicked his wand up. Instead of bursting out of his wand, fire erupted from the ground between him and the werewolf and rose up, creating a wall that separated them both.Moony snarled and gnashed his teeth, but he seemed unwilling to go through the flames."Scared of fire, huh?" muttered James, "Great…"Memories flooded his mind; he saw him and Sirius and Peter during their first successful Animagus transformation; he saw the Marauders laughing in their dorm, after telling Remus that it was going to be alright; he saw them walking down Hogsmeade, flirting with Madam Rosmerta as she passed them, not a care in the world…Despite what was happening, James smiled. He whirled his wand, and shouted his last spell. "Expecto Patronum!"The stag erupted from the tip of his wand and cantered around him. He waved his wand about his head, his Patronus following its movements, and then he pointed it straight at Moony.James's stag charged, reaching the flames and bending it so that it would cover its body; it ran straight at Moony, who gave a great yelp and tried to bite it, but James's stag was too quick. It shoved its flaming antlers straight at Moony's side, impaling it slightly, and then the werewolf gave a whimper of pain.For a moment they were a blur of fur and fire, clashing so fiercely that James winced through his Patronus, but Moony seemed unable to harm the stag, and the stag kept pounding the werewolf over and over again with fire and magic...The flaming stag reared on its back legs, towering over Moony, and then it lowered its head, about to strike again –But Moony fled towards where they had come from– back to the Shrieking Shack. Its howls were full of anguish, and James felt an immense pang of guilt.James's Patronus turned back to James, awaiting his command. He gave his wand a slow, sweeping wave, and the Patronus dissolved in a whirl of flames and silver.He stumbled back, now realizing how much pain he was in. The journey back to the castle grounds was long and tiring, but when he crawled through the hole, he found Professor Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall, and Madam Pomfrey all moving their way towards him.He collapsed on the ground. McGonagall gave a cry of surprise, but Madam Pomfrey had already whipped out her wand and conjured a stretcher, stripping James of his clothes. She dabbed at the wounds caused by Snape with dittany, and waved her wand over his various scars until Dumbledore said, "That's enough, Poppy."Dumbledore strode over to the unconscious James, pointed his wand at him, and said, "Rennervate."James's eyes flew open, and he looked at the Headmaster."Can you stand, James?" said Dumbledore gently.James gingerly moved his feet."I think so...""Then follow me. Now, please. This cannot wait."Pomfrey and McGonagall protested, saying that James needed rest, and he couldn't help but agree with them. Dumbledore, however, was having none of it."I don't think you understand the severity of the situation," said Dumbledore quietly, looking at the three of them. "I know you're tired, James, but you haven't been bitten, and neither has Snape. You must come with me."And so James followed the Headmaster all the way up to his office. They reached his brass door and entered his chambers.Inside, Snape was present, sitting completely still in one of the chairs, but when he noticed James and Dumbledore he sprang up to his feet."May I go now, Headmaster?" asked Snape.Dumbledore shook his head. "I'm afraid not, Severus. It is necessary that you be present. Sit down, please, James; this won't take long."James took a chair and set it as far away from Snape as he could dare. Dumbledore looked at them both from behind his great desk. He spoke first to Snape, telling him a brief summary of who Remus was. James pitched in, helping Dumbledore, trying to convince Snape that Moony was innocent..."...which is why," said Dumbledore, finally finishing, "you cannot tell anyone of this."Snape made to protest, but Dumbledore held up a finger for silence. "Mr Lupin has not done anything to warrant expulsion. Tell anyone, Severus, and the consequences shall be dire."Snape didn't look happy, but he nodded anyway. Dumbledore looked satisfied."To the Hospital Wing then, Severus." Snape rose and exited the office. Dumbledore turned to James."What do you think, James?"James forced his eyes open. He realized with a jolt that Snape now knew that he was an Animagus. Or had he not realized?"I think I should've made the Unbreakable Vow with him."Dumbledore made a noise of disapproval. "No, I don't think so. Severus already owes a great deal to you; an Unbreakable Vow would've tipped the scales, unbalanced your bond.""Bond?" asked James in disbelief, "I don't want a bond with him!""Severus now owes a life debt to you, James," said Dumbledore gently. "There may come a time in which you'll be very grateful to have that. Now, to other matters..."What did Mr Black tell you?"James was surprised, but he told the Headmaster of what Sirius had said to him. Dumbledore nodded, his eyes dim with disappointment."Sirius could have harmed you or Severus," said Dumbledore, "I'm afraid that he will have to face the consequences –""Surely not expulsion, sir?" butted James in, before he realized that he'd spoken out of turn. "Sorry, Professor. It's just – well, I'm sure he didn't mean to harm Snape. Or Remus, for that matter." James's words tasted bad in his mouth. Was he really sure of that? "He only wanted to scare Snape away...""I shall question him, and I shall assign a punishment fit for his actions," assured Dumbledore, "But the important thing is that neither you nor Severus were harmed, at least by Mr Lupin. You did a very brave, very heroic thing, James, which is why I'm giving you two awards to the school."James started, surprised, but Dumbledore went on. "One for outstanding bravery, showcasing true qualities as a Gryffindor, and the other for outstanding use of magic. Oh yes," added Dumbledore, smiling. "I could see what you were doing from above, James. I did not come to help because I was busy detaining Mr Black and Mr Snape, so I apologize greatly. Although, looking back, you hardly needed my help," Dumbledore looked at him appraisingly. "Very creative, thinking of combining those two spells.""Thank you, sir," said James sheepishly."I also think that a hundred points to Gryffindor are appropriate," finished Dumbledore.The clock chimed thrice, and Dumbledore jumped. "Dear Merlin, James, I'm sorry to have kept you this long. You're free to go to the infirmary."James made to leave."Oh, and James?" called Dumbledore, and James turned to him from near the door, "You make a fantastic stag."James did not go to the Hospital Wing. He couldn't imagine himself going to sleep alone after all that happened. His body was exhausted, having had to fight a fully-grown werewolf basically all by himself, and though his injuries had nearly gone and his bruises had vanished, he could still feel a sharp, stabbing pain in his chest when he breathed, over where Snape had cursed him.He lifted a hand and felt his scars. What had Snape cursed him with? As far as James knew, no mainstream curse caused injuries so bad that dittany was near useless. He didn't mind though; if anything, these scars served as a reminder to not let Sirius go too far.His mind was still swirling with thoughts as he dragged his feet over to Gryffindor Tower. The common room was empty and the lights were out. He climbed the stairs and found his way to his dormitory. Taking a deep breath, James knocked on the door.It opened immediately and he came face-to-face with Peter. He looked anxious to James, but when he saw who it was his face split into a huge grin."Prongs!" cried Peter, "There you are! Dumbledore said something..." He trailed off and pulled James inside, shutting the door behind him."Hey, Peter." James gave him a faint smile before turning to the mess that was Sirius Black, still trapped in his bedding.Sirius looked dreadful. His elegant hair was now messy and wet, as though Peter had splashed water on him. His wrists, James noted, were red with welts, courtesy of the bed curtains. His eyes were sunken and dark, and his normally handsome features were contorted into an ugly scowl."Explain yourself," snarled James.Sirius didn't answer. He looked away from James, instead choosing to stare at his empty bottles of alcohol."D'you have any idea of what you've done?" said James, his voice trembling. "You know Remus remembers everything that happens when he's in werewolf form. Why'd you do it?"Sirius stayed silent. James gave him a look full of disgust and undid the spell binding Sirius to the bed. Sirius instantly stretched his arms and massaged his wrists."Answer me, you git!" James spoke, his voice rising with every word. "What the bloody hell was going through your mind? Why'd you try to kill Snape?""I never meant to kill him!" muttered Sirius, now turning his back to him. "I just... wanted to teach him a lesson, that's all...""By using Remus as means of execution, yeah?" snapped James. "You're a coward. You're pathetic."Sirius whirled around, eyes ablaze. He was about to say something, but then thought better of it. He gritted his teeth, trying to calm himself down."I'm sorry, all right?""Why the fuck are you apologizing to me?" said James, scowl deepening and disappointment etched onto his face. "Save your words for Remus when he gets back."Sirius let out a growl of frustration. "I told you, I'm sorry, Prongs! Everything just... de-escalated-""There are boundaries, Sirius - boundaries that mustn't be crossed! You just told the worst possible person about Remus's secret, what do you say to that?"Silence ensued. Peter stood near the door, watching them argue, his mouth slightly open. He'd rarely seen James like this, as his temper was usually kept in control. Yet now... Peter knew that he was holding back, but he could feel the disappointment radiating off of him. He wasn't sure if he could take satisfaction in it – the cold fury that James was showing terrified Peter. His eyes darted nervously between James and Sirius, preparing himself for the fists they would surely launch.But James and Sirius continued to glare at each other, their eyes daggers and gripping their wands so tightly their knuckles were white. Finally, James sighed and looked away."I'm going to sleep," muttered James. "Maybe this will all turn out to be a bad dream... yeah..."He gave his wand a wave and settled into his bed. The curtains snapped shut and the lights went out.Sirius looked at Peter, a silent plea in his eyes. Peter only shook his head at him, and he, too, decided to call it a night.The next morning, James left first. He didn't bother changing into his school robes; he'd decided to skip classes altogether and accompany Remus in the Hospital Wing.He grabbed a small tray from the breakfast table and filled it with Remus's favourite foods: Hash browns and eggs and bread topped with marmalade and syrup. James didn't take any for himself. He couldn't bring himself to eat.James marched into the hospital wing at 8 o'clock. Only Remus and Madam Pomfrey were there, for which James was grateful. Madam Pomfrey gave him a nod and departed from Remus's side.James set the tray of food on top of the drawer next to Remus's bed."How're you feeling?" asked James.Remus looked terrible. There were numerous cuts on his face from where James had blasted him. He had bandages on his side, probably from where Prongs had stabbed him, and his hair was slightly singed.But Remus smiled tiredly. "I'm fine, I guess. Exhausted, but fine."James sat near the edge of his bed, watching silently as Remus ate his breakfast. He wanted so dearly to ignore the elephant in the room, but he couldn't. He was about to bring it up, but Remus beat him to it."How's Snape?"James gave him a look of surprise. "He's all right. Didn't get bitten, if that's what you mean. He cursed me when I was trying to pull him back, look."James was about to show him the scars, but then Remus shook his head."No thanks, James. I've seen enough blood for today."More silence followed. James didn't mind; he had half a mind to conjure a chair and doze off there, anyway."And Sirius?"James knew instantly what Remus meant. "I don't know," replied James helplessly. "I don't know why he did it. He knew the consequences, knew what he was getting himself into. I just... I don't understand him sometimes."Remus nodded as if he had expected his answer. James wondered whether Remus understood something he didn't, but he had no wish to find out."You remember everything?"Remus looked at him. "Yeah. It's a bit fuzzy, though. Most of the time I was trying to hold the wolf back, but you know what he gets like when he's in control. I don't have a say in anything. Best I could do was not to look."James nodded in understanding. "What're you gonna do about Sirius?"Remus closed his eyes for a moment before answering. "I don't know, James. I have no desire to talk to him. Or see him, to be honest. I never would've guessed that he'd do something like this."The rest of James's stay in the Hospital Wing was very uneventful. McGonagall came in once looking for him, but when she found that James was keeping Remus company, she bit her tongue to stop whatever she was going to say and calmly gave him and Remus the homework they had to do.James and Sirius wouldn't speak for many days afterwards. It was only when Sirius had pleaded, nearly in tears, for James and Remus to hear him out did he acknowledge him.James knew deep down that it would take a while for him to trust Sirius again. Sirius, his best mate, his brother- but when he said that in his head the memories of that night resurfaced and his feelings for Sirius broiled and hardened. It was just so out of character for him to do what he'd done to Snape.Eventually, James and Sirius repaired their friendship, and James felt that it was even stronger than before. He thought of it as a sword broken in battle: once strong, but had been dulled and crippled by the enemy, but made more powerful as it was reforged.Remus took a bit more time to learn to trust Sirius again, but eventually, he came around, for which Sirius was grateful. He would never admit it, but Sirius felt trapped, once the weight of his actions had sunken into him; he'd thought that he would lose the two best friends he had over a stupid prank.Well, it wasn't as much stupid as it was reckless and dangerous, anyway.

Chapter Two: PrologueJames entered the doors of the great hall for the first time as a sixth year with one goal in mind: apologize to Lily. He had had time to reflect over the summer, time he had used well. Lily's words washed over him once more, and he closed his eyes..."You think you're funny, but you're just an arrogant, bullying toerag, Potter."He inwardly cringed at himself. He hated to admit it, but it was those very words that had gotten to him, and it was Snape's insult at Lily that had shocked reality back into him: that no one was safe from Voldemort, and his influence had reached the school.He surveyed the scene before him – Dumbledore was smiling serenely at them, students were just beginning to get seated. He grabbed Sirius' and Peter's arms and led them over to the Gryffindor table. There they waited for the first years.Once the other students had seated themselves, the first years came barging in with Hagrid in front, soaking wet. One by one they were sorted, but James wasn't really listening. His mind wandered off– towards a fantasy land with the girl seated a few feet to the right of him...Dumbledore said his usual welcome speech once Wanton, Corvac had been sorted into Ravenclaw, and the food started to appear. James dug in.After an hour of eating and talking, Dumbledore once again stood up. "Now that our bellies are full," he began, "I'm afraid that it is time to go to bed. As fun and exhilarating as I'm sure your summers were, it is time to put it in the past and focus on school. Off to bed with you!"The wooden seats groaned as the weight of hundreds of students was suddenly lifted off it. James, Sirius, and Peter followed the Gryffindors, as Remus and Lily headed off to fulfil their duties as prefects.They entered the common room, packed to the brim with students of all years. Sirius shooed a third-year from an armchair who had fallen asleep in front of the fireplace and bid James and Peter sit down with him."That was downright mean of you, Padfoot," said James as he sat down on a comfy couch to the left of Sirius, and he watched the third year scramble up to the dormitories. Sirius shrugged easily and smiled."Had it not been for that act of selflessness, we wouldn't be sitting here, my dear James," Sirius's voice was dripping with pompousness and sarcasm, "Besides, why didn't he just go to the dormitories if he wanted to sleep? Doesn't make sense, really – Moony! Man of the hour."Remus Lupin entered the common room, scanned the mass of students, and finally spotted them in front of the fire. He ambled over to them."Or should Sirius say, wolf of the hour instead, seeing as tomorrow's a full moon?" said James, a smirk playing on his lips. Remus snorted at him and sat down at their feet, closing his eyes as he listened to Sirius ramble on about the chaos they were going to cause.James watched Sirius without really listening. His mind flitted back to the middle of the summer, to a miserable night that had been peppered with rain. He remembered hearing a knock on the door and he remembered answering it. He remembered how terrified Sirius had looked when he'd embraced him.I've run away, stated Sirius bluntly. I was hoping you'd give me a place to stay.It hadn't been much of a shock to either James or his parents. They knew what the 'Noble and Most Ancient House of Black' was like.It had been the most vulnerable that James had ever seen Sirius. James had spent many a summer night trying to calm Sirius down as he experienced his constant nightmares– he had held him, had consoled him, he had done his best to treat him like a brother.But was it enough? James knew Sirius was impulsive to the highest degree, and he had hoped that by showing him real familial love would, at the very least, shake him out of his old habits. Caring for Sirius, a Sirius that needed guidance from a person willing to give their love had certainly done that for James. He had, in the words of his father, become a better man.One day, he had sworn to himself, the people that had done this to Sirius, those stuck-up maniacs – they would pay.One day...Shaking his head, he focused on Sirius, who was still talking.They chatted well into the night, and by that time only 5 other people were left in the common room. Three of those happened to be Lily and his sort-of cousin Marlene, as well as Alice Fortescue, a nice, round-faced girl that was in a relationship with James's senior, Frank Longbottom. James had half a mind to go up to Lily and apologize right in front of her friends. Before he could muster the courage to even walk up to her, however, they abruptly got up and went to their dorms. This seemed to wake Remus up from his stupor."Reckon we should go up too, don't you think?" said Remus, struggling to keep his eyes open. The three boys agreed silently, and they too followed the girls up the dorms. They entered their room, where they found their usual four-poster beds with their trunks already underneath them."'Night, guys, see you in the morning." James waved his wand, and darkness fell on them as they lay on their beds to sleep.The next morning, James was the first to wake up. He glanced at Sirius sleeping on the bed next to him, and at Remus, who had fallen to the floor and was snoring soundly.James checked his wristwatch and decided that for once he was going to be early for a change. He showered quickly and went straight down to breakfast.On the way down to the common room, James looked around to find Lily and Marlene in front of the entrance with their bags, apparently about to go down to breakfast as well. Lily seemed to sense James' eyes on her and glanced back. She frowned at him, and with a disapproving look, exited first.Marlene looked at him pitifully and followed Lily out.Great start, James, he thought dejectedly, just get down to breakfast before anything else happens.And so he did. He found a seat at the Gryffindor table and loaded his plate with the usual breakfast: toast, eggs, and sausages.Half an hour in he glanced at his watch. 8:17. They should be coming in a few minutes.By 8:25 they still hadn't shown up, and James was starting to feel rather lonely when Marlene suddenly sat down next to him."Hey James," she said to him, "Any reason why you have a mismatched pair of shoes on?""What –," James glanced at his feet under the table. He had, indeed, mistaken his left shoe for Sirius's. "Oh, er – I dunno how that happened."Marlene's loud giggle passed through his ears. "I have your schedule. And everyone else's. Professor McGonagall gave them to me, don't forget to give them to the boys."You know," she continued, "I don't think waking up early suits you. Are you that desperate?"James stared at her."Oh, don't go around playing dumb, James," said Marlene impatiently, "It doesn't really suit you either. I know why you're down here without your usual cavemen. Or at least come up with an accurate guess.""Oh yeah?" said James, not about to let that deter him. "Guess away, then. I really couldn't care less, Marls." Marlene paused for a moment and looked at him incredulously."But you do care, James," said Marlene, "I'm not stupid, and she's not either, so why don't you get over it and talk to her?""What are you yapping –""You want to apologize, don't you?" interjected Marlene. "Lily appears to be under the delusion that you are incapable of feeling remorse, but I know you better. Prove her wrong. And might I advise," she added, as she stood up, "that you do it quickly before your little friends get here. Au revoir, James, love."And she left, leaving a very confused James behind her.Realizing he had about 5 more minutes before Lily would go to class (she was always early, that girl), he steeled his nerves and ambled over to where Marlene and Lily were. From what he could gather, they were about to leave the Great Hall. James summoned his inner Gryffindor and called out to her as she began walking to the doors."Evans! Hey – Evans!" James said, loud enough for her to glance back, but she kept on walking, "Lily! Please, I need to talk to you."That made her stop. James glanced at Marlene standing next to her, and she gave him a small smile. She murmured something to Lily and went off to wait for her a few feet from the door.Slowly, Lily turned around, and her eyes met James's."What is it, Potter?" she asked flatly. James decided that it was now or never. He took a deep breath before spewing out his thoughts."I just – I mean, I know how you must feel about me now, and I don't blame you. I've realized how much of an idiot I've been, and – ""Just get to the point, Potter.""I wanted to apologize," stated James quickly. "For everything – what I've put you through, especially last year, and all the years before that... on behalf of my friends, mainly Sirius." He took another deep breath before continuing, "I'm sorry for picking on you, and I'm sorry for what Snape said. If I hadn't riled him up... well, I guess you'd still be friends. I was immature, and a bully, and... well, an arrogant toerag."James waited for Lily – who seemed a little surprised – to speak. At last, she opened her mouth."I – well... thanks, Potter," she said quietly and averted her eyes. "You don't have to apologize for what Snape said, though. You didn't force him.""It didn't sound like that when you were chewing me out in the lake," said James softly, but his stomach was swooping now."Yeah, well... it was one of those 'heat of the moment' sort of things, you know?" said Lily. "I blamed you for a long time. I'm sorry about that."An awkward silence followed, punctuated by James, who had noticed his fellow friends near the doors. Marlene greeted them enthusiastically, especially Sirius."Well, I'll see you around, then, Evans," said James, who had been spotted by Remus.Lily glanced behind her, at Marlene who was talking animatedly with Sirius, at Alice, who was talking with Mary Macdonald and Emmeline Vance, at all of their friends."Yeah. I'll see you around, Potter." Lily strode over to Marlene and pulled her by the hand towards the direction of the Transfiguration classroom, their first class of the day."Oi, Prongs, have you seen my left shoe?" called Sirius as they made their way over to him."No!" James answered back, and subtly waved his wand and transfigured his shoes to match.Sirius looked disappointed once he and the rest of the Marauders had joined James. "Oh. I was hoping you'd seen them. Well, you don't mind me taking one of yours, right?""No, I don't mind," said James quickly, "look, let's all go to class. I'm not feeling all that well.""What was that all about, Prongs?" asked Remus as they walked towards Transfiguration, "She didn't even look annoyed. I'd daresay that she looked slightly happy!""It wasn't anything, Moony," said James, who was looking at Lily's dark red hair swinging side to side as she vanished from his view. "I just apologized, is all..."James endured the relentless teasing that followed, mostly from Sirius and Peter. It still hadn't stopped when they entered Professor McGonagall's classroom. Ignoring his friends, he took a quick look at Lily, who was seated to the right of the class.There was a slight blush appearing on her cheeks as she was conversing with Marlene and Alice, who had entered right after James had. He couldn't hear their conversation, and he surprised himself when he found that he had no desire to. Once or twice he felt as though he had heard his name coming out of one of their mouths, but then Professor McGonagall entered, and everyone quieted."Good morning, my fellow Gryffindors," the stern Professor McGonagall said. "Now, might I remind you that you have your NEWT tests next year, so be sure..."In the following months, James and Lily had started to become acquainted, more friendly. Sometimes, James felt as though he could feel Lily looking at him when he wasn't looking back, but when he swivelled his head around to her direction, she quickly looked away. James smiled inwardly whenever this happened. He and Lily had been on a first-name basis ever since the first week of the school year had ended. He knew that she was beginning to see him as a friend, but he didn't let that discourage him. On the contrary, James was elated to have finally conversed with her in a friendly, civil way.James's sixth year proved to be one of his most enjoyable years, what with winning the Quidditch Cup and excelling at school, not to mention executing a prank of enormous proportions involving Professor Dumbledore and the hundreds of House Elves stationed in the kitchens, as well as a giant dragon made of hundreds of fireworks. To top it all off, the Marauders had finally finished the Marauder's Map early on in the first term. It was to be, in Sirius's words, The greatest legacy we will ever have left.November came quickly, and with it, so did everybody's favourite sport: Quidditch.Even though McGonagall had told them – in her cat-patterned nightgown, no less – to quiet down over 45 minutes ago, the party in the Gryffindor common room didn't seem like it was slowing down, and rightly so: Gryffindor had smashed Slytherin in the first match of the season with a score of 330-20. James Potter, the house had decided, was the hero of the Quidditch pitch, having scored nearly half of their goals. Lily Evans sat on one of the sofas close to the fire with Mary MacDonald, as her other housemates were busy either getting drunk or flirting with the Quidditch players.The wireless played a slow, melancholy song that Lily found much too appropriate in regards to her current mood. She sat, dejected, trying to ignore her feelings as she watched James get kissed by 5th year Penny Pendleton. Mary made noises of disapproval next to her, though she knew better than to talk to an angry, jealous Lily.At that exact moment a boy wearing a Gryffindor jacket as well as scarlet-and-gold face paint plopped down next to her, two bottles of firewhisky in one hand and a shot glass in the other. Mary glanced at him, and, with a last forlorn look at Lily, departed from the sofa.Lily sighed. "What do you want, Black?"Sirius Black gave a bark of laughter as she acknowledged him. "To get absolutely pissed, of course. That, and to get you hammered."Lily turned her head to look at him, her eyebrows raised. "And why in Merlin's grey beard would I try to get hammered?"Sirius shook his head. "Unbelievable, Evans," he said, "I thought your parents were Scottish? Don't Scots have a reputation for being drunkards?""Most Scots do," admitted Lily, "but not this one."Sirius shoved a bottle of alcohol under her nose. "Get started, then."Lily pushed it back with a disapproving humph. "I told you, Black, I'm not in the mood to get drunk. You know the lies I told McGonagall so as to avoid getting that confiscated?" Her eyes wandered over to James, who was now attempting to dance with Marlene."Pretty please, Evans?" asked Sirius in a sing-song voice, "do it for your best mate, Sirius Black?"When Lily stayed silent, Sirius looked over to where she was glaring. He chuckled slightly, realizing what the problem was now. Lily's knuckles whitened as she gripped the sofa tighter."He's having fun, isn't he?"Sirius looked at the redhead. "I guess."Lily dropped her gaze and turned to Sirius instead."James Potter," she said the name like it was an incantation. "When this party's over give him a real smack upside the head, will you, Black?"Sirius shook his head in exasperation. "Are you actually jealous, Evans?"Lily continued to glare at him. Sirius sighed and took a swig from his bottle of firewhisky. "Look. Whatever's happening between ol' Pendleton and Prongs is most likely one-sided. James hasn't ever mentioned liking her.""And why would I care about that?"Sirius winked at her. Lily narrowed her eyes at him and snatched the unopened second bottle of whisky from Sirius's hands.He gave a whoop of joy and was about to hand her the shot glass when suddenly she uncorked the bottle and took a long drink from it. Sirius stared at her, wide-eyed, as she lowered her drink."Blimey, Evans," he said, impressed, "I didn't know you had it in you."Lily gave him the finger and drank some more, this time emptying the whole bottle. She set it down on the table next to the fire, her hands trembling slightly."You don't know a lot of things about me, Black," she mumbled. "Give me more.""More what?""More firewhisky, you stupid git."Sirius laughed and passed her his own unfinished bottle. She drank a generous amount before she retched, and lowered the drink.A few minutes later, she was sobbing and muttering gibberish, cursing James and Penny and everyone in the common room, but Sirius held her close, whispering words of encouragement and agreeing with whatever she said. Sirius may have had the reputation for being careless and a bit of a ladies' man, but he was an expert on women."Oh, Merlin," she hiccuped, her eyes only half-open, "I think I might like James!"Sirius snorted. "You think?"Lily turned her head slowly at him, frowning. "W-what do you – hic – do you mean?"Sirius couldn't believe how drunk she was. He grabbed her bottle of firewhisky, and, after enduring verbal abuse, tossed it over to Remus, who caught it without a second glance."Why'd you – hic – do that?" asked Lily, enraged, "That stuff's actually good, Black!"Sirius rolled his eyes. "Of course it is, love, but I think you've had enough for the night."Lily then turned her whole body to face him, and she jabbed a finger to his chest."Have not!""Merlin, Evans, stop acting like a toddler, will you?"Lily muttered a few more choice words at him, but after a few seconds gave up and instead leaned her head on to his shoulder.There was nothing romantic in the gesture, decided Sirius, and so he threw an arm around her to support her. Lily was sobbing again, but this time it was much more controlled."All those years when James told me he fancied me, and then he figures that he doesn't and starts – hic – kissing every girl in sight," she muttered angrily. Sirius shook his head."Evans, Prongs has only ever had eyes for you – yes, you, you overgrown duck. He realized that you didn't like him back, though I know that's not true now –""I don't fancy him," hissed Lily."You just told me a few moments ago that you did," countered Sirius, a frivolous little smile playing at his lips.Lily looked away and muttered some more about him. "Maybe I did. Doesn't change the fact that he kissed that wench Pendleton –""No, he didn't, flower," said Sirius patiently, "I told you, Pendleton probably cornered him and took her chance while Prongs was drunk.""Then why did he look so – hic – ecstatic about it?""He probably didn't even realize," said Sirius. "Most blokes don't, when they're drunk."Lily sighed and curled into a ball, snuggling up to Sirius."You really think he fancies me?"Sirius looked down at her. "I know so, love. James fancies you more than ever. The last time he had a serious relationship was –""Stop it," chided Lily, "I don't want to know."They sat in silence, holding on to each other and laughing as they watched James turn his back to Penny as she came in for round two."I never really hated him, you know," said Lily quietly, her voice quite steady. Apparently, she wasn't quite as drunk as Sirius had thought. "I always… sort of liked it when he flirted with me. I was disappointed when he stopped."Sirius gave her a lopsided smile. "If you want, I could tell Prongs to pick up where he left off."Lily looked mortified. "Merlin, no. I'm sad, but it's something that I can – hic – live without."Then suddenly Lily rounded on him. She slapped his chest – hard. Sirius doubled over, surprised."Ow," muttered Sirius, "that hurt, Evans. What gives?"Lily held his gaze. "You will not tell anyone of this, least of all James!""Yeah, yeah," said Sirius, this time fully intending to keep his promise, "I won't. You probably won't even remember this happened next morning. Firewhisky does that to people."The radio ended its sad song, then belched out a wild tune that caused the entirety of the Gryffindor common room to cheer and take to the dance floor.Lily and Sirius laughed and they both stood up. She held a hand out to him."Care to dance, Black?"Sirius gave her his trademark smirk. "Only if you promise to dance with Prongs later."Lily matched his smile."I promise."

Chapter Three: The New HeadsOn one lazy summer morning found James, Sirius, and Remus sitting at the table for breakfast.Or rather- sleeping seemed much more appropriate a word. Sirius's head was face down on his plate of eggs and bacon, and James was leaning back on his chair, his mouth slightly open. Only Remus appeared to be slightly awake; his eyes kept opening and closing every few moments. They were all thoroughly exhausted, having spent most of last night playing three-way Quidditch.James's parents, Fleamont and Euphemia Potter, suddenly entered the room, where they found 3 boys all sleeping at the table. Fleamont and Euphemia glanced at each other, and with a nod, they took out their wands and shot jets of water at each of the boys' faces.James, Sirius, and Remus woke up with startled shouts."What was that for?" muttered James irritably, as he wiped his glasses with his shirt."You were sleeping," said Euphemia lightly, "we've just received news that your Hogwarts letters are coming today.""Hogwarts letters?" mumbled Remus, who was still having trouble keeping his eyes open. Euphemia smiled at him."Yes, dear, so will you all wake up? We're going to Diagon Alley after."Fleamont suddenly glanced up at the large, stained-glass window. "Speaking of letters..." he said softly and trailed off. He gave his wand a wave and the window swung open, allowing the owls to enter.Three tawny owls bore letters addressed to each of the boys. James realized with a slight frown that his letter had a slight bulge to it. The owls hooted, and all three took off collectively, each taking a piece of Sirius's bacon with them.James ripped open his envelope and out fell a shiny, shield-shaped crest that landed on his lap. James was confused; why had Dumbledore given him a new Quidditch Captain badge? If he remembered correctly, it was still on top of his drawer. He took it and flipped it over. He instantly made a loud, retching noise that made his parents and friends look at him concernedly."Something wrong, James?" said Sirius. James tried to shake his head, but then changed his mind and nodded. Remus looked at the badge in his hands and laughed."Ickle James has been made Head Boy," teased Remus. James's parents looked at him in surprise."Head Boy?" said Sirius incredulously, and then he laughed as well. "Another disciplinarian, then! Oh, Peter and I will have so much fun corrupting you, Prongs!"James looked at him scathingly and pulled out his letters from the envelope. There were three this time- one welcoming him back to Hogwarts, complete with a list of schoolbooks, the second one from McGonagall, outlining his upcoming meeting on the train ride with the other prefects, and the last from Dumbledore, who had written to him personally. He read Dumbledore's letter first.Dear James Potter,I'm sure by now that you have found the badge enclosed in the envelope. I am also sure that you must be surprised and in a bit of shock. The position of Head Boy is a prestigious one, so let me be the first to congratulate you on receiving it. I'll admit I was surprised when Professor McGonagall handed me your name when I inquired to the teachers to give me suggestions for the Head students- but I am confident that I have chosen well, given that you have shown great leadership skills and the drive to do what's right; I am, of course, talking about the incident with Mr. Snape and the Whomping Willow.Once again, I congratulate you on your receiving of the Head Boy position. I am sure that you and the Head Girl, Lily Evans, will work wonderfully together.Yours,Professor A. P. B. W. Dumbledore"Lily?" said Remus as he read the letter from over James's shoulder. He glanced at Sirius and stifled a laugh. "That should be... interesting."James gave a snort, and, not asking anyone in particular said, "But why on earth would Dumbledore choose me?""Don't be stupid James, I probably would have chosen you too," answered Remus, an impatient note in his voice.James stared at him."What?" said Remus, and stared back to humor him, "it's true! You're a natural leader, James. You're cool under pressure, not to mention you already have experience as Quidditch Captain. It's not so different from that," he added as an afterthought, "just think of the whole school as a team now. Just... you know, without the matches and parties. And a whole lot more responsibility."James pondered over Remus's words. On the one hand, he was utterly perplexed at why Dumbledore had chosen him, him, probably one of the biggest troublemakers in Hogwarts history, over Remus. On the other, he was grateful that the position had not gone to someone like Snape. At least now he could keep an eye on anyone that abused their powers.Like you won't, said a nasty little voice from inside his head.I won't, cried a different, stronger voice defiantly, I'm done taking everything for granted!James shook his head, and without another word, left the table, leaving his friends and parents chortling.James raced up the stairs to his room and summoned a blank piece of paper and a quill. He sat down on his chair and straightened the paper before writing, Dear Lily, and then his mind blanked. What on earth was he going to write? He'd never written to Lily before.He decided that he was going to keep it short and simple.Dear Lily,Knowing that you're the Head Girl, I'm writing to you to ask for advice. Dumbledore probably mentioned that I was Head Boy in your letter. And, to be perfectly honest with you, Lily, I'm nervous. I'm a troublemaker, no one's going to take me seriously! I just want to make sure that you're okay with all this. I'm easy to replace, but you're the only option for Head Girl.Now, just what exactly does a Head Boy do? I'm not really familiar with prefect duties, I only know that you go on rounds every few days. I've accompanied Remus on some before.Your friend,James PotterHe rolled the paper into a tight scroll and handed it to Morgoth, his hawk owl. He nipped at his fingers affectionately before taking off to Lily's. James wondered whether he would find it.Going down the stairs, he braced himself from the taunts he knew would surely come. Sirius and Remus grinned evilly at him from the breakfast table."Hello there, Head Boy, sir," said Sirius, "I think we're going to have a lot of fun this year.""Ohh, yes," said Remus, a mischievous glint in his eyes, "this is payback for all you did to me when I became prefect, Prongs..."James gulped and smiled nervously.Lily Evans raced up her room to tell her friends Marlene and Alice the good news: she had become Head Girl! After a half-hour of her parents questioning her about her position, Lily had finally escaped their clutches, and just in time too: Petunia had arrived from Vernon Dursleys' place.Lily was just about to retrieve a pen and paper from her drawer when suddenly she heard a tap-tap-tap coming from outside the window. Whirling around, she was surprised to be greeted by a handsome owl she had never seen before. She flicked her wand and the window opened, allowing the bird to hop into her room."Now just who are you from?" wondered Lily aloud, and she saw that it had a scroll gripped tightly around one of its talons. She took it from the owl, who hooted importantly.Lily quickly unfurled the scroll to reveal that it was from one James Potter, whom she'd known had become Head Boy after Dumbledore told her in his letter. Fighting down the nervous tingles in her stomach, she read the letter over twice before a small smile set on her face.Deciding that Marlene and Alice's letters could wait, she responded back to James.Dear James,Congrats on becoming Head Boy! To answer your question, the Head students basically control the prefects, as in telling them when to go on rounds, holding meetings, not so different from Quidditch Captain stuff. As for your thoughts on whether or not I'd be happy with you as my coworker, I wouldn't have wanted to work with anyone else. You've changed over the past year, and you're actually a decent human being. (Lily smiled at that part).The students will take you seriously- if anything, more seriously than they will me. You're a natural leader, not to mention that you're popular with the student body.Your friend,Lily EvansShe read it over a couple of times, looking for mistakes. When she was finally satisfied she looked 'round for James's owl, who was near the window. Lily sealed the letter in a tight envelope and gave it to him.The owl hooted once more, and then took off.Over the next few weeks, Lily would receive numerous letters from James, all asking questions about his Head Boy duties. One memorable letter stuck in Lily's mind, something about how he was worried that the first-years would be scared of him. Unbeknownst to James, his words had slightly melted Lily's heart.On the morning of September the 1st, Lily took off for King's Cross and boarded the Hogwarts Express, feeling nervous yet excited at the same time.

So there you go! This is sort of a filler chapter, and I do apologize as it's quite long. You might find inconsistencies in between paragraphs- again, I apologize. I'd already written this chapter before, but I wasn't satisfied with it and recycled some of the parts that I did like. I'm much happier with it now. The previous version had wayyyy too many adjectives to describe things as simple as common rooms. Read and review, and I hope you like it!Chapter Four: A Train of Two ThoughtsThe scarlet engine billowed steam out of its chimney that drifted off towards the platform and covered the would-be-passengers in its silver haze. James and Sirius stood near the barrier between this world and the other; they had just gone through."You go ahead," said James to Sirius a little while later. "I have Head duties to attend to.""Well, aren't we being modest about it," Sirius rolled his eyes at him. "I hope this won't stop you from pranking –""Sirius, you know full well that nothing could ever stop me," James smirked. "We just have to be extra careful this year…""Noted," Sirius took hold of his trolley. "Any chance of me receiving a parting gift from the esteemed Head Boy before he starts ordering everyone around?"James slapped his shoulder. "You know it's not like that, you prat. As for the gift…"He felt in his robes and pulled out a single piece of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Bean. "There you go, Padfoot. You can't say no to this."Sirius laughed and popped the bean into his mouth. His eyes widened in surprise; apparently, it tasted quite good."What about my present, then?" asked James."I'll give it to you once you're done with your meeting," promised Sirius, already rolling his trolley towards the train, "I promise it's much better, Prongs!"James shook his head. "It better not be a turd, Sirius!"They shared one last laugh before Sirius vanished out of sight; James smoothed his robes and cleaned his badge with the cuff of his sleeve. He started his march through the platform, inspecting the train and helping the younger kids lift their trunks, all the while secretly hoping to meet someone.Lily Evans was late. She couldn't believe herself. The one year in which it mattered – and she had ruined it!She wasn't the only culprit, though. That morning, after she'd woken up, Petunia had – for some unfathomable reason – decided that she was going to be taking an hour-long shower. Why she'd done that, Lily had no idea, though she suspected some of it had to do with her accidentally turning her sister's hair bright orange the night before.It had been an accident, really, but Petunia was being so damned insufferable. Lily had apologized and had offered to change it back. She no longer had the trace, after all, so there was no problem with whipping her wand out and recolouring Petunia's hair, right?Except, as far as Petunia was concerned, she wanted nothing to do with magic. Petunia had gotten into her car that morning wearing a shawl over her head as she headed to work at Grunnings, a drilling company.Then, Lily reminisced as she kissed her parents goodbye and made towards the magical barrier, just before she'd boarded her dad's car, she'd come across Snape.That had also been an accident, but her insides still squirmed uncomfortably at the sight of him, and not in a good way. Her heart still broke whenever she remembered the way he had called her a Mudblood, that day at the lake – the word that was used to describe people like her, like Lily: dirty blood, unworthy blood, mud's blood.They had exchanged no words during their encounter. Lily had merely glared at him, betraying no emotions, daring Snape to say something – but he remained glued to the spot, staring back with those empty eyes of his; eyes she had once thought she knew so well, that had once been full of childish joy and affection but were now sunken and hard.Lily shook her head, clearing her thoughts. She had passed through the barrier. According to her watch, it was five to eleven, so she had no time to patrol the platform. What McGonagall would say after she'd learned that Lily had slacked off in her duties as Head Girl, she didn't want to think about.A few feet in front of her, she heard a voice speak softly and gently. It was a voice she knew all too well, though she had to admit, it sounded rather nice when he wasn't yelling himself silly.Pushing past a family, she saw James.Her vision tunnelled slightly. He looked quite good, if she said so herself. He was sitting on the platform, arms folded, and staring up at a young boy – he couldn't have been more than 11."...it's going to be all right," James kept on saying. "It's scary at first, I know, but once you get there, you'll never want to leave. Hogwarts does that to people."The boy sniffed and nodded. James, satisfied, got up."What if I don't have any friends?" the boy asked, sounding scared. James smiled and put an arm on the boy's shoulder."You will, Marlon," he insisted. "Because Hogwarts does that, too – it brings people together and builds lifelong friendships. Don't you worry; there are tons of muggle-borns just like you that don't know a thing about magic. That doesn't mean that they'll be worse than the people who grew up with it."James glanced back, as if he had felt Lily's eyes on him. He smiled widely and turned around, steering Marlon around him so that Lily could fully see him."This is Lily Evans, Marlon," explained James to the first year. "She's a muggle-born too, and she's one of the best witches I know.""She is?" asked Marlon with wide eyes."Sure am," said Lily, stepping forwards so that she could smile clearly at him. "It was hard for me, too, at first. But then I got sorted into Gryffindor and met my best friends, and ever since, I couldn't wait to go back to Hogwarts during the summer.""Wow, that's something!" The little boy's eyes were shining, and he no longer looked as scared."She's also Head Girl, just like me," added James. At that, Marlon's head whipped around to her chest and his eyes found the badge. He let out a loud gasp. James and she shared a knowing smile.Right then, the train whistle sounded, and the conductor yelled, "All aboard the Hogwarts Express!""We should get up now," said James. Marlon nodded and climbed up the steps. James turned to Lily and raised his eyebrows."What?" asked Lily innocently."Didn't see you while I was patrolling, so I can only assume one thing – you were late," teased James. Lily rolled her eyes and pushed him so that he was forced to board the carriage."Let's just get to the meeting, James." He smiled one last time, and they headed towards the front carriage."That was quite sweet of you," said Lily a few moments later. James turned his neck to look at her."What was that, Lil?""I just thought that it was thoughtful of you to comfort that first year," muttered Lily.James grinned. "It was, wasn't it?""You had to ruin the moment, Potter," Lily sighed. James slowed his pace so that he was behind her. "Just take the compliment, will you?"She heard his deep laugh behind her. "Only joking, Lily. Thanks.""You're quite welcome."They reached the front carriage as the train started moving. Opening the door, they found that they were the only ones that had arrived.They settled themselves in the chairs on top of the dais – James had transfigured his to a squishy–looking armchair. Lily declined when he offered to do the same for her. Remus Lupin came in a few moments later, smiling at both her and James; he took a seat at the very front."So, had a good summer, Remus?" Lily began."Oh yes, we managed to get into James's mum's study and found a couple of things…"The three of them made light conversation when the door opened suddenly, and the rest of the prefects filed in. Some took a double-take at James, noted Lily, but otherwise, the prefects stayed silent. She noticed a few familiar faces: she spotted 7th year Benjy Fenwick, a soft-spoken Hufflepuff that had a talent for Charms. She smiled at Dorcas Meadowes, a Ravenclaw one year below her whom she had previously tutored in Potions. She saw various others, including Regulus Black, Sirius's brother, and Fortuna Greengrass, a Slytherin in Snape's year."So," said James nervously as he stood up, once the prefects had settled down. "As you can see, Lily and I are the new Heads. And I know you may be wondering how I got here," and he forced a little more strength into his voice, "but what's done is done. I can't say that I expected it, and Merlin knows Dumbledore was slightly mad when he chose me –" there were a few titters at that, and Lily rolled her eyes beside him, but she was smiling, "– but I'll try to be a Head Boy worthy of the title. I won't let any of you down."He ran a hand through his hair and glanced at Lily, who was a bit taken aback from how he had ended his little speech but composed herself quickly."To business, then," she said and stood up. She then proceeded to explain the usual rules that prefects had to follow and enforce. She eyed the Slytherin prefects, but mostly Regulus, who had a slight scowl on his face. He looked very like Sirius. Half an hour later, after answering a multitude of questions, and having had James back her up a couple of times, she decided to wrap things up by giving out their normal instructions."The older prefects have done this a hundred times: patrol the train, Gryffindors the first carriage, Ravenclaws the next; Hufflepuff, I'm sorry, but it's your turn to patrol carriages four and five, and Slytherins the last. New prefects, just watch your seniors and do whatever they're doing. If you encounter any problems, kindly report back to James or myself. Reign in the younger kids, if you don't mind, and take care to maintain order between the older students as well."She looked at James, who was sitting comfortably. He gave an approving nod and Lily quickly turned back towards the prefects."That's all, I guess," she said, "Dismissed."Lily sidled into Marlene and Alice's compartment once she'd finished the meeting and found it to be occupied not only by her aforementioned friends but by her other roommates as well.She smiled at Mary and Emmeline as she sat across from them. The Trolly Witch had already passed by, she was sad to hear, but fortunately, her friends had stocked up in sweets that they were glad to share with Lily."So, Lily," asked Marlene in a sickeningly sweet voice. "What's sharing duties with James like?""A bit odd, I suppose," she answered, "but he's nice most of the time. We're getting along fine."At this, her friends looked at each other and fell about laughing. Lily, confused as to what was going on, stared at them. "What's so funny?""Oh, nothing, love," snorted Emmeline. "It's just – well, it's a bit ironic, don't you think?""Not really, no.""Lils, you're hopeless," exclaimed Mary despairingly. "How thick can you get?""You're all crazy.""Yeah, but not as crazy as you are for one certain Head Boy," said Marlene, wiggling her eyebrows suggestively. Lily felt her face heat up."I am not!""Oh, I think you are, Lily dear," chortled Alice. "You just haven't come to terms with it yet."Lily threw a Chocolate Frog at her.They spent the rest of the train ride bickering back and forth, but not before changing subjects as quickly as Lily could hope, for their words held a semblance of truth to her.She wasn't stupid. She'd noticed the emotions she felt whenever James was near her. She liked this James – the James who was smart and funny and kind, who teased Sirius and Marlene with her, who always valued her opinion before anyone else's, who listened to her vent about Petunia, who shared looks with her whenever Professor Binns had started to drone on about the Giant Rebellion led by Porphyrion, Greatest of the Giants...All right, maybe Lily did like him more than she had realized. But crazy? Definitely not. She congratulated herself on her little lie."We'd better change, I can see Hogwarts," said Mary Macdonald after a conversation concerning the recent attacks on Ministry strongholds.Lily sighed to herself. Whether this year would turn out better or worse than last year, she had no idea.Shaking these thoughts out of her head, she opened her trunk and changed into her robes.The train slowed down and finally stopped. The sound of many hundreds of feet stomping was heard all throughout the carriage as everybody hurried to get their bags and pets assembled. Lily exited the compartment first, looking for James.She found him already outside of the train – how he'd gotten there so quickly she had no idea, but she pushed past the crowd thronging near the doors and descended onto the platform.She gasped quietly as the cold of the night air stung her face. They marched back and forth, leaning down so that they could see whether there were any problems with the train. When Lily found none, she headed back to James."Everything all right?" he bellowed. The sound of the steam engine made him barely audible."Seems fine!" she shouted back. James waved his arms wildly to signal the conductor that it was safe to open the carriages.Students poured out of the train doors. Hagrid loomed over them, carrying a large lantern, calling out the familiar cry, "Firs' years, firs' years over here!" and when he spotted Lily, he boomed, "All right, Lily? Excited abou' being Head Girl, eh?"Lily grinned and waved. "Hi, Hagrid! I'm fine, how're you?""I'm doin' fantastic! See ye at the feast!"A large group of small students separated themselves from the main crowd and followed Hagrid to the Black Lake. Lily turned to James."Shall we get on the carriages, then?"James nodded. He looked different when he was serious. "Yeah, let's get on."The first stagecoach rolled up to them, pulled by what Lily knew to be thestrals. James got on first and helped Lily up. She scanned the students waiting out behind her, talking amongst themselves. Then slowly, the coach started to move, following the road to the castle.She and James didn't talk much. They passed through the gates of the grounds, where, at last, Hogwarts emerged: a towering black castle barely visible in the dark of night, ringed by turrets and high towers. Some windows were blazed fiery bright above them.The bells of the carriage jingled and it came to a halt near the stone steps that led up to the front doors. Lily exited first and entered with James, where they found Professor McGonagall waiting."Potter. Evans." McGonagall had a satisfied look about her face. "No troubles, I presume?""None, Professor," answered James. McGonagall nodded approvingly."Excellent. Now, you two: Professor Dumbledore wishes to see you after the feast." The sound of wooden wheels outside of the Entrance Hall made her pause. "It has been a long time since both Head Students originated from the same house, much less from Gryffindor. I'm very proud of you two." Professor McGonagall then smiled – a genuine expression of happiness. "I'll be on my way. The password is Lifesaver!"They made their way over to the Great Hall's double doors, which were already open. The four house tables were empty, but not for long. Lily glanced up and saw the starless black ceiling, which mirrored the sky outside. She and James settled down at the Gryffindor table.Soon hundreds of students began to enter the Great Hall. Marlene and Alice, flanked by the rest of the Gryffindor boys, spotted her sitting with James and went over to join them. Lily felt the wooden bench lower itself as her fellow Gryffindors sat down. She turned to Marlene."You have a brother, don't you, Marls?""Yeah," Marlene answered distractedly, having just finished listening to Sirius talk about who-knew-what. "Cygnus. I do hope he gets Gryffindor."Hagrid suddenly appeared at the staff table, which meant that the first years had already crossed the lake. Sure enough, a few moments later, Professor McGonagall entered, carrying an ancient-looking wizard's hat, heavily patched and frayed: the Sorting Hat. The first years scrambled in after her, soaking wet and looking scared.The Great Hall died down. The first years lined up facing the students, and Professor McGonagall placed the Sorting Hat on a stool. A rip opened near its brim, and it began to sing.Lily drowned out the noise of the hat; she'd never liked its songs. She clapped loudly with the rest of the students once it had finished, and waited for the first years to get sorted.Professor McGonagall lowered her eyes to her long piece of parchment and called out the first name."Abernathy, Marlon."The small boy that she and James had encountered on the station stumbled forwards and put on the Hat. It covered nearly half of his face and Lily could only see the tip of his nose jutting out. Sirius laughed loudly from across her, and she gave him a venomous look. The Hat stayed silent for a moment, then the rip near the brim opened and it shouted:"Hufflepuff!"Slowly, the long line of first-years thinned. Marlene's brother, Cygnus McKinnon, was sorted into Gryffindor."Well done, Cyg!" called Marlene as the blond-haired, knobbly-kneed boy sat down shakily at the Gryffindor table.And finally, Welshter, Alexander was called into Slytherin, and Dumbledore stood up. Lily smiled at him subconsciously, and Dumbledore turned to her and smiled serenely back."Welcome!" beamed the great wizard Dumbledore, "welcome all, to another year of magical education. I won't bore you with an old man's rambling, so I'm keeping this short and simple: the Forbidden Forest, as always, is forbidden –," his piercing blue eyes regarded the Marauders next to Lily, but his mouth twitched slightly, "– Zonko's products are banned and magic is not allowed in the corridors, but seeing as none of you listen to any of those rules, I don't see any reason to list anymore other than the obvious. Dine well, and here's to another magical year!"The students repeated the toast.Lily's mouth watered as plates upon plates of the most lavish food imaginable appeared before her. She grabbed a platter and helped herself to pork chops. Beside her, Marlene struck a conversation with her brother.Time passed quickly after she finished her meal, and before she knew it, Dumbledore had stood up."An excellent feast, if I may so myself! Especially when one considers the day you will be having tomorrow," he said jovially. "You have a full day of magical studies starting in the morning, and I believe it best to retire for the night. Off to bed with you all, toodle-oo!"Lily stood up as the Great Hall was filled with the buzz of conversation and the sound of scraping as the weight of the students was lifted off of the wooden benches. She heard Remus and the other prefects calling to the first–years when she was tapped on the shoulder by James."Ready?" he asked. He sounded tired and sleepy."Yes, let's go."It took them a couple of minutes to get to the Headmaster's quarters. James gave the password to the stone gargoyles (Lifesaver), who jumped aside and let them enter. They ascended the steps and soon found themselves face to face with Dumbledore's wooden door. It was James who knocked on it."Come in," said Dumbledore from behind the door. James pushed it open.Lily had only been in the Headmaster's office a handful of times, none of them for trouble or detention. Yet, it never failed to impress her: there was an aura of magnificence and grandeur about it unlike any other room in the castle, but there was also the sense of timeless knowledge and ancient wisdom lurking beneath. Paintings of previous headmasters decorated the stone walls, all of whom appeared to be sleeping. Shelves and racks filled with timeworn books stood side by side around the room.All across the floor, tables displaying various silver instruments were shrouded in half-darkness, and a swirling Pensieve was visible behind the doors of a cabinet. The headmaster himself was seated behind a large marble table on top of a small dais. A large, red–and–gold bird stood on its perch beside Dumbledore. A phoenix, remembered Lily, whom she knew was called Fawkes."Ah, James, Lily, welcome. Take a seat, please," he greeted them, and gestured towards two large squishy chairs in front of his desk. Lily took a seat on the right."I trust the train ride was uneventful?" asked Dumbledore, merely to start the conversation. James and Lily both nodded."Excellent, then. Now, I only wanted to discuss your job descriptions, so stop looking so apprehensive, James," said Dumbledore, and twinkled at the Head Boy, who visibly relaxed. "As Heads, you two have unparalleled authority over the student body, save for the teachers and myself, of course. Both of you will handle most of the events that take place during the school year, including the Gathering of Many Faces, which falls on Halloween."Dumbledore leaned forwards on his table, studying James and Lily. It was a moment before he spoke again."I also wanted to dispel any doubt left in both of your minds," said Dumbledore quietly, looking at James, "I believe I have chosen well. I seem to remember that you have gotten over your differences, so I applaud you for that; I know that Hogwarts will thrive. James, you have matured quite well ever since your last – er, shall I say, fiasco – and I expect you to set an example for the student body." Dumbledore turned his gaze on Lily, and his blue eyes surveyed her magisterially over the top of his half-moon spectacles, "You both have to work together, and hopefully get to know each other a bit more, seeing as you are now sharing living quarters."The silence that followed was so thick Lily was certain she could have cut it with a well placed Diffindo. Lily spoke first, her voice a little dry."I'm sorry, Professor, but did I hear you right? Living quarters?""Oh yes, Lily, you certainly heard me right," said Professor Dumbledore, now quite cheerfully, "as Heads, you have access to your own tower. Inside it is a common room, two separate beds and two separate bathrooms. I think I am correct in saying that you know where this tower lies, James?"James smiled sheepishly. "You're correct in believing that, Professor." Dumbledore nodded approvingly."Oh, and one more thing," added Dumbledore, his voice now serious. "There have been recent events in the world that have given me no choice but to reinforce the rules around Hogwarts. And while Hogwarts is, and will always be, the safest place for you should violence arise, one can never be too at ease. The enemy is rising, and tension in the school has never been higher." He paused, and to Lily, he appeared to be choosing his words."I cannot change the mind of others, so believe me when I say that both of you will encounter hate and prejudice in all parts of the castle, some parts more prominent than others," he regarded them both, and there was a slight tinge of disappointment in his eyes, "I will not tolerate bigotry in my school. As heads, however, it is imperative that both of you keep order and not let your emotions rule you. To outsiders of Hogwarts, the two of you are the face of the student body.""We understand, Professor," said Lily, "but is it really as extreme as you say, sir? Has he started recruiting here? Has You-Know-Who's influence reached Hogwarts at last?"Dumbledore smiled sadly."It has for a long time, my dear girl," sighed Dumbledore, "Voldemort has poisoned the minds of many in Hogwarts. It is foolish not to take precautions. It is also silly," he added with a glance at Lily, who had twitched at the mention of Voldemort, "to be afraid to say a name. Voldemort is a great wizard, yes, but he is a man. A name should not be feared."James suddenly gave a great yawn. He closed his mouth quickly, but it had not gone unnoticed by either Dumbledore or Lily."Merlin's beard, look at the time! I'm sorry to have kept you so long here," said Dumbledore apologetically, as James rushed to apologize, seeing as it was only 9 o'clock, "no, no, it's my fault. Off to bed with you two. Your trunks and belongings have been taken to your tower. James, seeing as you already know of its location, kindly show Lily where it is," Dumbledore looked at Lily with a slight smile playing on his mouth, "It is a rather extraordinary place, Miss Evans, and I'm sure the both of you will be happy with it."Realizing they were being dismissed, Lily and James both turned around, exited the room and descended the stone steps until they reached the floor."So James," said Lily casually, "where is this rather extraordinary tower?"James smiled mysteriously. "Oh, a place called Neverland."Lily raised her eyebrows at him."I'm kidding," he said hastily, "it's near the Gryffindor tower, actually. Smaller, of course, but it's only for two people. Shall we go?"Lily hadn't meant anything by raising her eyebrows; she had been impressed by the fact that he even knew what Neverland was. It had never occurred to her how James might have ever read a muggle book."Er, Lily?"She realized that James was still waiting for her answer."I can tell you the directions, of course, if you'd rather not go with me –""No!" interjected Lily quickly, "No, I mean, I'd rather go with you, thanks."James nodded and they started walking towards the direction of Gryffindor tower.Lily then voiced her earlier thoughts at him, and he laughed a bit before replying, "Yeah, my mum read Peter and Wendy to me a lot when I was a kid. Neverland just sounded so cool, you know, it sort of stuck. I've always wanted to visit Neverland."They laughed together, and it surprised Lily how easy it was to talk to him. She and James had become good friends over the past year, but she'd never found anything to relate to with James. Now, they were bonding over their shared love over Peter Pan."Well, here we are."They stopped in front of a painting of a pair of wizards with their backs to them striking down a gryphon with their wands. It was a rather messy painting, Lily noted, but then again she never had had an eye for artwork."So how do we get in?" asked Lily to James. He shrugged, and then addressed the painting."Hullo, I'm James Potter and this is Lily Evans. We're the new Head Boy and Girl of the school. Er, we were told that the Head's Tower was here?"For a moment, Lily wanted to scold James, that he was being stupid, that that was just a painting, and paintings couldn't talk, silly, before she suddenly remembered where she was, and both wizards turned around and waved at him."Hello!" said the one on the right, wearing emerald green robes. "Professor Dumbledore did mention, hm –" he quickly took in James's messy hair and black glasses then glanced at Lily and eyed her dark red locks, before his eyes wandered off to their chests as their badges shined proudly at him. "All right, James Potter and Lily Evans. You'll need to suggest a password before entering.""Might I suggest a good password, as the head before you, Frank Longbottom, had set it as Flobberworm," quipped in the wizard on the left, who was wearing brown robes.James and Lily looked at each other. James spoke first, "Well?"Lily shrugged. "You can set it as anything you want, I really don't care."James sighed."Blimey, I hate deciding for other people," he mumbled. "How about... Neverland?"Both of the wizards in the painting slapped their painted hands onto their painted faces. Even Lily looked at James incredulously, with a look that spelled, Really?"What?" asked James defensively, "I told you, I'm not good at deciding this trivial stuff. You can set it if you want.""No, no, Neverland's fine, it just sort of contradicts what the wizards were saying, don't you think?" Lily turned back to the wizards, who then looked at each other, and swung open to reveal a wooden path that led to a fairly large common room. There were a handful of couches arranged into a square of sorts, with a wooden table at its centre. A fireplace crackled in nearby and bookshelves filled with old tomes lined the walls of the room.To the north of the common room, behind the couches, two sets of stairs spiralled upwards towards – undoubtedly – their respective rooms. She stepped through the painting and it swung shut behind her and James.She made for her dorm on the left side. It looked very much like the girls' dormitories back in Gryffindor Tower, with red-and-gold curtains hanging down her windows and her four-poster bed. There was a table and chair to the corner of her room that she was sure to be grateful for as NEWTs approached.Lily wasted no time in going to bed; she changed into her pyjamas and brushed her teeth. She wondered briefly what James's room looked like, and, deciding that that could wait for tomorrow, she settled into her bed.

Chapter Five: Plant the TruthJames awoke from his slumber half-expecting Sirius to be looking down upon him and grinning like a fool.It was very odd. He'd gotten so used to the sound of Sirius's snores that waking up without them was… well, odd. Even during the summers, when they'd both stay up late and sleep in till noon, Sirius's snoring was unbelievable.He sighed and rose on his bed. He was in the Head's Tower, he remembered now. There would be no Sirius to wake him up.James showered and dressed. His new room was nearly an exact replica of the boys' dormitories back in Gryffindor Tower, except that it was slightly smaller. All this space, just for one person. Swinging his schoolbag over his shoulder, he exited the dorm. He eyed Lily's door for a moment, and he considered waking her up.Smiling at the thought of what she'd do to him if he barged into her room mid-sleep, James forced himself down to Gryffindor Tower. He'd never admit it to them, but he missed the Marauders terribly already.He rounded a corner and found himself face to face with the Fat Lady. She looked down at him impassively."Password?"James scratched his nose. "Er… Fovea leonum, wasn't it?""Correct," said the Fat Lady airily, and she swung open like a door, revealing a large, circular hole in the wall through which James climbed.The Gryffindor common room was bustling about with students all hurrying to get down to breakfast. James pulled himself out of the way and ascended the stairs that led up to his former dorm.He pushed the door open and was immediately blinded by a flash of white light. He shielded his eyes; he felt something large and fuzzy engulf his body as excited shouts and muffled laughs filled his ears. James, surprised, tried to fight it off, but the blanket stuck to him like a bowtruckle to a tree."I reckon that's a bit too much, don't you think?" said a weary voice."Nah, he's all right," said another, this one closest to James."Do the water thing!" exclaimed someone else; his voice was high and squeaky."No, that's enough, you two," said the first voice sternly. "Sirius, let him go."He felt the blanket fall; he blinked, trying to adjust to the sudden brightness."Prongs!" Sirius launched forwards and wrapped him in a hug. "I missed you, you prat!""Gerroffme," muttered James, shaking himself so that Sirius would let go. "What in Merlin's name were you doing?"Sirius let go and James stepped back, still blinking, and his friends came into focus. There was Peter, beaming excitedly, and Remus, who was looking taller than ever, and then Sirius, who had on a mischievous look about his face. James smoothed down his robes and straightened his glasses."Sorry, Prongs," said Remus sheepishly. "I tried to stop them.""How'd you know I was coming, anyway?" asked James.In answer, Remus held up a large collage of parchment with various moving dots with words too small for James to see – The Marauder's Map, of course. James groaned inwardly as he thought that he'd be seeing much less of it, now that he was living in a different part of the castle."Breakfast, then?" asked Remus, "I'm starving."Ten minutes later, the Marauders marched into the Great Hall. They seated themselves on the benches and started filling their plates; James helped himself to a few slices of toast and some eggs.Before he could take a bite, three girls entered the Great Hall, and one called out his name. "Oi, Potter!"James looked at his food sadly and turned around to meet Marlene. "Yeah?"She slid onto the bench next to him before answering, by which time James had finally eaten. "Listen – when're you holding trials?"It took a moment before James could figure out what she meant. "Oh – Quidditch? I… er, actually haven't thought about it."Marlene the Seeker made a tut-tutting sound. "Well, decide quickly then, because somehow I ended up with this list –" and she thrust a long piece of parchment under his nose with names that he did not recognize "– McGonagall reckons that there are thirty new people waiting."James took the list and scanned it quickly. Blimey, he thought, there were tons of people trying out. Usually, there would be no more than 10 or 15. He turned back to Marlene."Today's Friday, isn't it?""Yep," she said, spreading marmalade over her toast.James glanced at the list. "I'll hold trials on Sunday, then.""Right," she took a bite out of her toast. "What do we need, anyway? A new chaser, a beater –?""– And a keeper," finished James. "Frank Longbottom is irreplaceable, but I suppose new blood won't hurt.""I heard Harley Johnson's a good chaser," offered Marlene.James finished his eggs and continued to his toast. "Johnson – that fourth year?"They continued their talk about Quidditch until the owls came soaring in through the upper windows. Screeching and hooting, they descended all over the Hall, carrying letters and packages. Morgoth was nowhere to be seen, but a large tawny owl landed in front of him, bringing James the latest edition of the Daily Prophet. He placed a knut into its outstretched talon. The owl hooted once and took off, taking a slice of Sirius's bacon in the process."Why is it always me?" muttered Sirius. James sniggered. The sound of his laugh made him turn to James, a surprised look in his face."Oh yeah, which reminds me – your present!"James stopped laughing. "Come again?"Sirius plunged his hands into the insides of his robes, apparently searching for something. "Your start-of-term present, I totally forgot about it!""Sirius, I was joking. You don't have to –"But Sirius then extracted a small bag from under his blazer, a triumphant look in his face. James eyed him confusedly. "A mokeskin pouch?"Sirius rolled his eyes. "No, you prat, it's – oh, just wait a moment."Sirius shook the pouch, and James was surprised to hear a rattling sound, coming from something much bigger than what you could store in a small purse. Sirius put a hand inside it and felt around; it reached all the way to his shoulder, and to James it looked as though something was eating his arm.Remus laughed at the sight of him. "You look ridiculous, Padfoot."Sirius shot him a frown, but then his face morphed into a gleeful expression and he pulled his arm slowly from the pouch. James held his breath; what was he going to give him? He'd only gotten Sirius a single jelly bean!Sirius extracted something long and polished. James's insides squirmed and flipped. Marlene turned her head to watch."Here we are!"It was beautiful, thought James as he took it from Sirius, his hands shaking slightly. Its dark mahogany handle had the words Nimbus: One inscribed on its side. Its hazel twigs glinted brightly in the sun. The metal braces circling around the mid-handle were cool to the touch, and to James it looked suspiciously like –"Goblin-wrought iron, that," said Sirius, pleased with James's reaction. "First of its kind. That thing's got about as much protection as a knight in full armour.""How did you get the money for this, Sirius?" asked James disbelievingly."Oh, I didn't get it," laughed Sirius. "It was your dad, Prongs, I only pitched in a galleon."James frowned. "Somehow I don't feel that bad about not getting you a decent present anymore."He pushed his plate and glass aside and placed the broomstick on the breakfast table. Marlene was examining it carefully, and even Alice and Lily were eyeing it with interest.At that moment, Professor McGonagall walked up to their little group, carrying a handful of laminated papers. She did a double-take once she saw James's broom, and, after giving them the timetables, she congratulated him and offered to take the broom to the broomshed.James accepted the offer, thinking that that would prevent him from distracting himself. As McGonagall walked away, carrying his broom, he grabbed his copy of the Daily Prophet and skimmed through it."Anything interesting?" asked Peter."Nothing," said James, frowning slightly. "You'd think, that with all this Voldemort business going on, the Prophet would be reporting something worthwhile –""Oh, cheer up, you," said Lily playfully, who had moved from her seat and was now standing behind him and Sirius, "don't be so damned depressing.""I'm only being realistic, Lily," he said reprovingly."Can't you just be happy that for once, there isn't something about Death Eaters in the news –""Well, we can't ignore every problem, can we, Miss Ignoramus –""Oh, stop arguing, you two," said Sirius, for Lily had opened her mouth to retort. "Let's just forget it, yeah?"Lily sighed, but shrugged all the same. "Shall we go to Potions, then?"James glanced at the staff table. Professor McGonagall was already there, looking disgruntled. She and Dumbledore and Professor Flitwick looked to be in deep conversation, all sporting the same, grave look. James wondered what that was about.He glanced at his newspaper. James had a sneaking suspicion that something was going on.A large, metallic bell rang, and the Gryffindors went down to the dungeons to begin their potions lesson. Inside, Professor Slughorn was already writing on the blackboard."Good morning, Professor," said Lily as she and the rest of the Gryffindors found a table together near the front."Hello, my dear Lily," said Slughorn distractedly, "had a good summer, I trust?""Oh yes, sir," nodded Lily earnestly.Giving them all one last smile, Slughorn went to the blackboard, where he welcomed the N.E.W.T students warmly."Good morning, all," said Slughorn, "I'm sure you're going to be hearing a lot about how important your N.E.W.T tests will be, so I'm not going to bother. We have a tricky potion ahead of us, a potion that will take the better part of a month to mature, one that is essential to Auror work should any of you consider it a path. I am, of course, talking about Veritaserum, a potion I am sure you are all familiar with. Now, who can tell me about its effects – yes, Lily?"James was struck around his glasses as Lily shot her hand up. She whispered a quick "Sorry!" to him, and James smiled amusedly as he listened to her, "Veritaserum is, to put it simply, the world's most powerful truth serum. Colourless and odourless, it's near impossible to distinguish from water, except for the way it ripples near the bottom of its container."Slughorn smiled genuinely. "Excellent Lily, take 5 points to Gryffindor. Now, can anyone tell me why, since Veritaserum is acknowledged as the most powerful truth potion in the world, it is considered unethical and unreliable to use? Mainly... during Ministry trials? Court? Can anyone tell me why Ministry officials don't just force suspected criminals into drinking Veritaserum?"Lily did not raise her hand this time, nor did anyone else in the class. James, however, was thinking hard and fast. He thought his answer through, and, deciding that it didn't sound like complete rubbish, raised his hand."No one?" asked Slughorn, a bit disappointed, "Well, then – oh, yes, go on, Mr Potter.""While Veritaserum's effects aren't doubted by anybody," began James, and though he did not know it, Lily was eyeing him appreciatively, "the actual truth, when taken from a person, is complicated. Someone who's being interrogated will just tell them what they believe is the truth. Which isn't necessarily the, er... actual truth. Moreover, Veritaserum's effects can be countered by drinking its antidote beforehand, or by using Occlumency. Some witches and wizards have also been shown to have enough tolerance against it.""Fantastic, Mr Potter, very good," Slughorn nodded approvingly, "5 points to Gryffindor. The truth, as Mr Potter has put it, is complicated. Veritaserum is not the most reliable of potions, and I myself have found to be quite resistant to its effects. But that is enough trivia, now..."Slughorn waved his wand, and the cupboard swung open. A bunch of ingredients flew out slowly and divided equally into the tables occupied by the N.E.W.T students. "Take out your cauldron and tools, as well as your copies of Very Advanced Potionmaking, and turn to page twelve. The ingredients I have provided are more than enough for ten students in one table. You will find the instructions in the book, as well as some tips and guidance on the blackboard, should you encounter any trouble. You may begin."James did as Slughorn had told them to, and had already filled his cauldron with alcohol and water from their ingredients. He perused his book as he worked, and once or twice glanced at the blackboard for tips, which included a revised amount of powdered moonstone (4 spoonfuls, not 3, as well as other similar advice) and by the end of the class he had achieved the exact 'light shade of blue, akin to the sky' as the book had described. Slughorn walked around, examining their potions, and had said an 'excellent, Mr/Ms' to only a handful of students: James, Lily, and Snape."Well done, to all of you!" said Slughorn, though he eyed Peter and Marlene, whose potions had somehow taken on the texture of wet cement. "That was a very acceptable first attempt at Veritaserum. Leave your cauldrons here, under the shade –" he indicated towards a large empty bookcase behind his desk, "– I shall tend to them. Homework: a foot and a half of the uses of Veritaserum, as well as theories as to how it could be utilized more effectively. Dismissed!"James, Sirius, and Marlene all had a free double period after potions, while the rest of the 7th year Gryffindors went off to either Ancient Runes or Divination. They spent the hour and a half playing Exploding Snap with the 6th years before the bell rang and he went off to Transfiguration, where all 7th year Gryffindors were present.Professor McGonagall had, unfortunately, reminded them about the importance of the upcoming tests. James and Sirius glanced at each other and shared a quiet smile as McGonagall spoke. Once she'd finished, she had set them to transfiguring live rabbits into objects of much bigger size – namely, desks, bed frames, and drawers. James and Sirius found no trouble with this, and they were the first ones to transform their identical rabbits into a single bunk bed by stacking them on top of each other. Professor McGonagall had reluctantly awarded them both 10 points.The rest of the day passed quickly in James's opinion. He didn't even remember having lunch. He and Lily faced their first challenge as Heads when they found a couple of second-year Hufflepuffs playing hooky in an unused classroom."... and don't ever let us catch you skipping class ever again!" bellowed Lily after the retreating backs of the small Hufflepuffs. James laughed."Well done, Lils, I think you've scared them into next year," snorted James, earning him a light slap on his shoulder."I wasn't that mean, was I?" asked Lily, frowning slightly."No, you were fine," said James sarcastically, earning him another slap and a hair ruffle.That evening found James lounging on one of the couches in the Heads' common room with the rest of the Marauders around the table, working on their potions essays. Actually, thought James, as he glanced around at his friends, it was only Sirius who was working, as he and Remus had already finished it, and Peter had ultimately given up.He listened to the sweet sound of a frustrated, curse-spouting Sirius as he begged the both of them to hand him their essays. Remus had adamantly refused, saying that copying off of each other would lead to bad habits."Oh, come on! A little peek! You know you want to, Prongs!"James laughed. "No, I don't think I do, thanks," he said, and then took out the Marauders Map from inside his robes."What I don't understand, Padfoot," said Remus, raising an eyebrow at Sirius, "is how you could brew the Animagus potion, one of the hardest potions to make, but then struggle with Veritaserum."Sirius scoffed. "Animagi are actually interesting, Moony, whereas Veritaserum is a bunch of rubbish. You really think that I'm gonna be on the receiving end of a truth potion? I'm not going to become some criminal."Remus rolled his eyes. "If you'd heard Slughorn at all, you'd know that criminals don't usually get a dose of Veritaserum, Padfoot."Sirius gave a cry of frustration. "Come on, just tell me what the sodding answers are, I want to look at the map-""You'll get a look when you've finished your essay," said Remus pointedly, who had shoved James's head out of the way as he sat down next to him and browsed the map too."Besides, Padfoot, you've seen the map dozens of times, what makes you think this time will be any different?" said Peter, who had moved to behind their sofa.Sirius opened his mouth, then closed it, then opened it again, "Well, it took us a long time to make it! Besides, it was my idea. I'm the rightful owner of the map."At this, the others exploded into protests as they reminded Sirius, yet again, that it had been a joint project, that it had required some of the most complex magic that any of them had ever cast and that it wouldn't have been finished without all four of them working together.Well, thought James privately, it had mostly been me, Padfoot and Moony. Wormtail just sat around acting like moral support… "Methinks I'm still the rightful owner," said Sirius reproachfully.James rolled his eyes. "Just get back to your essay, Pads. And the rest of you lot better keep quiet, Lily's about to enter."A few moments after he had said that, the painting swung open to reveal the Head Girl, looking content and sleepy."Hi," the four boys greeted her automatically."Hey," greeted Lily back, slightly overwhelmed by the presence of them all. "Working on an essay, Black? I thought Remus was the studious one."Sirius shot a scathing look at Lily, who laughed heartily. She then climbed the stairs and was about to enter her room before she turned back to James."Don't stay up too late, all right James?" she said, and James instantly turned his head towards her. " Professor Dumbledore wants to meet with us tomorrow in the morning.""Again?" replied James, checking his watch and seeing that it was already 10 o'clock. "I won't stay up late, then. Are you going to sleep?""I am, yeah," replied Lily."Good night, then.""'Night, James, and you lot as well, I suppose," and she shut the door behind her.James glanced around at his friends, who were keeping rather straight faces. "What?""Nothing!" said Remus, though he did try to hide a smile behind his hand. "So, any success yet, James?""What are you talking about?""Never mind," interrupted Peter quickly. "You know, it is getting rather late for a school night. Maybe we should go back to the tower."Sirius scoffed. "It's only a date with Albus, Prongs is fine with us staying, right?"James rolled his eyes at him, "I'm not actually, Padfoot. I'm feeling rather tired myself." James yawned wide, then spoke to Remus, "When's the next full moon? I'm itching to stretch my legs a bit."Remus pondered for a bit, "Let me think – oh yeah, there's one on the 28th, about four weeks from now.""Good, that's something to look forward to, then.""For you, maybe," said Remus darkly, "me, on the other hand...""Ah, cheer up, Moons," said Sirius, abandoning his essay and placing his head on James's knee, "you'll have us to keep you company."The four of them spent a few more minutes enjoying each other's company, talking, joking, when they all collectively yawned, and they decided that the night was getting fairly old.Lily rapped her knuckles smartly on the surface of James's door. "James!"There was no sound. She envied him for his ability to sleep soundly.Lily sighed. If he didn't wake up soon, they'd be late. Professor Dumbledore had insisted on meeting them both at 7 in the morning, and while she'd agreed like a sheep yesterday she was starting to think that maybe she ought to have negotiated a bit more.Lily raised her hand, pounding the door again. "James, come on! We're going to be late!"When the door didn't open, Lily closed her eyes and prayed to Merlin; she took out her wand."Don't say I didn't warn you, James! Alohomora!"The handle turned with a click. She barged in, peeking between her fingers, and she found James's figure covered head to toe in his blanket, like a corpse in a coffin. He was still fast asleep."JAMES!"The Head Boy thrashed and gave a sort of strangled yell. Two long sticks popped out from where his head should have been, but before Lily could get a closer look, they vanished just as quickly and James flipped over to see who had woken him up.Lily and James stared at each other for a moment – he was clad only in his briefs, which might have added to the awkwardness, and then Lily gave a muffled apology and bolted out of the room, slamming the door behind her.She leaned against the railing. Her heart was beating so quickly she was sure it would jump out and scold her for being so stupid. A near-naked James Potter was not something she was ready to see in the early hours of the morning.Lily glanced at her watch and her stupid heart skipped a beat: it was 6:54. Dumbledore's office was miles away from the Head's tower.She looked at James's door, resigning herself to enter again if he didn't come out in the next ten seconds. She counted slowly, tapping her fingers against her robes, and once she'd reached twelve she marched to his door and was about to start assaulting it when it opened, revealing the messy-haired, bespectacled James Potter.James grinned at her. There was a bit of sleep in his eyes that he hadn't rubbed away. "Shall we go, then?""You've just made us late!" seethed Lily, ignoring him. "Come on, you prat!"She grabbed his arm and marched towards the painting of the two wizards; it swung open and they both climbed through, Lily dragging James in the direction of Dumbledore's office."Lily –""No talking until we get there, James.""But –""We're already late, James! We have to hurry!""Lily." James gently tugged his hand out of hers. She hadn't even realized she was still holding it. "Just stop for a minute, all right?"Lily stood, her arms crossed and eyeing him impatiently. James bent down, tying his shoes while whistling absently."Are you done?" she asked haughtily. James glanced at her and smirked.He stood up, and Lily noticed how much taller he was than her – at least a head in difference.Ignoring her butterflies, Lily turned on her heel. "Come on, then."This time, James grabbed her hand, sending goosebumps all the way up to her elbow. "Just calm down, will you? We're not going to be late."James let go and turned to the wall. They were still on the same floor, and Dumbledore's office was two floors below. James tapped a brick with his wand – it giggled, as though he'd tickled it – it shook slightly, and it fell away, making a hole – the hole grew wider and wider until it formed a passage large enough to fit a small troll. It was dimly lit, though by what she couldn't see."Come on, then," teased James in a voice several octaves higher, and Lily, who'd been standing there with her mouth slightly open, slapped his shoulder and followed James through the hole."Where does this go?" asked Lily. James glanced back."Straight to that corridor. You know, the one behind Zamira the Zealous's portrait?"She racked her brains as she tried to remember where Zamira the Zealous's painting was. "But… isn't that on the second floor? We're on the fourth, how on Earth –?""It's best not to question it, Lily," said James. They continued to walk through the passage for a few seconds, until at last James held up his wand and tapped the wall to their left."Here we are," he said triumphantly.They rounded a corner and said hi to Zamira, who was too busy sleeping to notice them. Soon, they found themselves just outside of the stone gargoyle guarding Dumbledore's office.Lily looked at her watch. "A minute left to spare. Shall we go up?"They said the password to the gargoyle and climbed the spiralling stairs of Dumbledore's chambers. They came face-to-face with the brass door, and Lily knocked on it lightly."Come in," said a weary, tired voice.They pushed open the door and found Dumbledore seated behind his desk, a grey look on his face.This can't be good, thought Lily. She and James took their usual seats and waited.Dumbledore looked at them both sadly. "Lord Voldemort has attacked."Her stomach dropped. She had not been expecting that. Praying that Voldemort didn't know where Cokeworth was, she forced herself to speak. "Where, Professor?"The Headmaster tapped something with his wand, and one of his many silver instruments whirred to life; it spewed green smoke that rippled and shimmered and formed into an image. It had been taken from high up, yet Lily couldn't help the slight gasp that slipped through her mouth as she realized what it was."The Hogwarts Express?" whispered James, looking horrified.The Hogwarts Express had fallen on its side as though a giant had knocked it over. It reminded Lily unpleasantly of the train toys she used to play with as a child. Nearly all of the carriages had been damaged to an extent – melted and peppered with holes and looking as though a huge sword had run it through."Indeed," said Dumbledore grimly. "It appears that Voldemort attacked it after it had departed for London; the only person on the train was Theodore Plant."She didn't recognize the name. James, however, sat up straighter, a startled frown on his face."Theodore Plant?" he asked. "The conductor? Why would Voldemort want anything to do with him?"Dumbledore gave them both a grave look. "The Ministry is working to find that out as we speak, I assure you. Theodore Plant was a great friend of Professor Slughorn. He was a good man.""Was?" said Lily. "But, Professor – you make it sound like he's already –""There were signs of struggle and bloodshed in the train," said Dumbledore. "His body has not yet been recovered. Minister Minchum has pronounced him dead – until proven otherwise."Dumbledore sighed, and for a moment it struck Lily just how old he looked – ancient and worn."So much has happened, so early on in the year," he said sadly. "It did not occur to me that he would try to attack the train; Hogwarts, yes, but not the train.""Professor – you said that the train was empty except for Plant," said James, "Why would he attack when no one was on board?""I believe he merely wanted to frighten people," answered Dumbledore, "Anxious parents will read the news this morning and fear for their children's safety. An aura of terror has seeped into the wizarding community, which is what I am sure he was after. So far, Voldemort is winning."Dumbledore leaned forwards and slashed his wand through the smoke-image; it dissipated and faded into the air."Once this morning's edition of the Daily Prophet reaches Hogwarts, Voldemort's sympathisers – if they do not already know – will try and take it upon themselves to continue his work. I will not have that in my school."The Headmaster regarded them both with his piercing blue eyes. "I must ask you to be on your guard, for they will try to attack any person in a position of authority. I must also request that you start your patrols next week; that way, we will ensure that no one is out wandering at night."Fawkes whistled a low, gloomy tune. Dumbledore smiled bitterly."I'm sorry to have put so much pressure on your shoulders, the both of you," he murmured."That's all right, Professor," said James hurriedly, "We understand."The Headmaster leaned back in his chair and bid them goodbye. Right then, Lily saw a different man – he was still Dumbledore, but not the Dumbledore she had known for so long. He looked vulnerable and worried, human – not at all like an all-powerful wizard capable of solving their problems.She felt her chest heave and breath shorten as scenarios filled her head. She didn't even say goodbye to James as she headed back to her room. At the moment, Lily desired only peace and quiet.Tears silently dripped down onto her lap as she sat on her bed. She wiped her eyes furiously. Lily knew that someone would come in looking for her later, but she didn't care.Voldemort was a monster, she decided. A heartless, cruel monster that could not be reasoned with, that would always be hunting down those with dirty blood, like her; that would always be lusting for power, never satisfied with what he had; that would be forever cursed to scorch Britain with his Dark Mark."Hogwarts Express crash," read Remus aloud an hour later, "Theodore Plant, conductor of Hogwarts Express, presumed dead at 87."The Marauders sat in silence at the breakfast table. James's paper had been brought by the regular post owl, and he'd informed his friends of what Dumbledore had told him."Death Eaters were involved in the derailment and destruction of the train tracks, which caused Theodore Plant, conductor of the Hogwarts express, to veer off course," continued Remus. "His body has not been recovered. The train had been making its return journey to London, and He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named himself was said to have appeared personally.""This says it happened near Dundee," said Peter, reading over Remus's shoulder. "Blimey, it couldn't have been an hour after we'd gotten off."James glanced up at the staff table. Dumbledore was nowhere to be found, nor was McGonagall. He spotted Slughorn looking very miserable as he stirred his morning pumpkin juice with his fork. He remembered what Dumbledore had told him and Lily – that Theodore Plant had been a good friend of Slughorn's.James pushed his breakfast away. He wasn't feeling very hungry. After their meeting with Dumbledore, Lily had gone straight to the Head's Tower and locked herself in her dorm. He had not seen her since."Bloody fucking hell," said Sirius. "It never stops, does it?"They remained silent, watching the rest of the Hall gossip and discuss Quidditch and other pointless bollocks. Very few of them took the paper every day like James did."My family did this," muttered Sirius solemnly. "My blood.""No," said James instantly, holding Sirius's gaze, "Sirius, no – they're not your family. You're a Potter now. You're a part of my family.""My blood," repeated Sirius, "it was my blood…""Since when have you cared about your blood?" snapped James, suddenly aggressive. "Blood means nothing!"Sirius stared back at him, his eyes looking like broken glass. "That summer, before I left the house – I heard Regulus and my parents talking. He said he wanted to be like Bellatrix, follow in her footsteps, cleanse the world of tainted-blood… If I hadn't left, maybe I could've stopped him, changed his mind.""You can't blame yourself, Sirius," said Remus gently. "It's not your fault. Regulus chose his own path."James suddenly understood why Sirius was suddenly feeling this way. He looked at the Slytherin table. It was a different story there: the older students were gathered around in one bench, listening to Avery and Mulciber recount a story. They laughed loudly, and he saw Avery holding the Prophet, pointing to it now and then.A fist closed around James's heart. He suddenly felt violent; he wanted to duel Avery and Mulciber right then and there –No, he whispered to himself. Stop that."I can't stand it," said Sirius. "Not being able to do anything… it's unbearable. We have to do something about this."James privately agreed. They left the Great Hall shortly after that, each going in their own separate ways. He dragged his feet over to the painting of the two wizards."Neverland," he said mutely, and the wizards bowed to him and swung open. He was about to head for his dorm when, suddenly, as if his head had a will of its own, he looked up at Lily's room. The door was slightly ajar, and he had the intense desire to see her.Figuring that it wouldn't hurt to check on her, he climbed the stairs leading to Lily's room and knocked on the door."Come in," said a quiet voice. James pushed the door open.He found Lily sprawled on her bed, her hair a tangled mess and her clothes rumpled and mismatched. Her eyes were slightly red. She had a blank look about her face, but to James, she looked as beautiful as ever."Hey, James," she murmured. "Did you need anything?"James smiled wryly. "Actually, I was going to ask you the same thing." He sat down on the floor opposite her bed. "Is everything all right?"She sighed and rolled over so that he was facing her back now. "Everything's fine, James."James counted the number of flowers that were patterned onto her clothes. "No," he decided. "Everything's not fine."Lily snorted in spite of herself. "Congratulations, Sherlock.""Lily," he said softly, "Everyone needs to let out once in a while. Nobody can be strong all the time."She remained silent. James got up, tucking his hands in his pockets, and turned to leave."I'm here for you, all right?" said James, putting a foot out of her door. "If you need to talk – well, you know where to find me."He made to close the door, but then –"James."He glanced back and saw that she was sitting up, looking down at her mattress.He entered the room once more and left the door slightly open. "Yes?"Lily pulled her knees up to her chest. "I – I don't think I'm ready to talk. It's just… I don't want to be alone. Can you stay here with me?""'Course I can. As long as you need."James sat on the edge of her bed, leaning against one of her bedposts. They remained silent, Lily staring blankly at the floor and James watching her. It was awkward at first, he noticed, but they were making progress.Slowly, Lily began to talk to him. He didn't think she even noticed what she was doing; she'd spoken suddenly, but James listened to her.She told him about how she was worried about her family. The news of Voldemort's attack had reminded her that no one was safe, not even a sweet old conductor like Theodore Plant. She spoke about how she was afraid that her being Head Girl would put her family in danger, and that she was seriously considering resigning her post."No," said James firmly. "You earned this, you can't let some people bully you out of it."Then, she began to open up about how she was worried that she wouldn't survive after school, that Death Eaters would be waiting for her every step of the way. She also told him about how she couldn't go back to the muggle world, that she was much too attached to magic to give it up, and besides; she had nothing – no one to go back to.James was a good listener.And, after she'd finished, James began to tell her about how he was worried for his friends. Not for himself, but for his friends. He told her how he wasn't sure that Sirius would be able to cope with not having something like school to distract him. He told her how he was afraid Remus would get depressed, that he wouldn't be able to find work (she knew about his condition, Remus had told him) all because he was a werewolf.And when they'd finally exhausted their topics, they began to tell stories of their life in and outside Hogwarts. Lily told him how she and Petunia would always fight over the silliest things – all the way up until she'd met Snape, and she found that she was a witch. She recalled her summers in Spinner's End, practising her magic.James, in turn, recounted how he'd spent every summer after Hogwarts talking to Sirius, begging his parents to let him come over so that he wouldn't stay in that house any longer than he had to. He told her how he'd run away the previous summer, and how he'd begun living with him. That was news to her. She'd never known.Time passed quickly as she talked with James. After one particularly funny story about how she and Marlene had once made Alice's hair glow blue while she was talking to Frank Longbottom, she crashed on her bed, laughing delightedly."Oh, Merlin," she snorted, "I've never told that to anyone. Not even Alice knows."James smiled, his eyes glowing at the sight of seeing her happy. "Feel better?"Lily sat up on her elbows, facing him. "Yeah, actually. I didn't know I needed that.""That's good."They remained silent, but it was no longer awkward. She wasn't sure at first how she'd feel about telling James of her childhood. She'd never even told Marlene or Alice that much about it.Yet, looking at him, his lopsided glasses and his messy hair, the way he ruffled it unconsciously, Lily had never felt more sure that she'd done the right thing in confiding in him. She felt all warm and fuzzy on the inside."You haven't had breakfast, have you?" said James suddenly, looking at her concernedly. "Aren't you hungry?"Lily glanced down at her stomach. If she was being honest with herself, she was quite hungry, but she didn't want to leave her bed."Not really, no," she lied easily.James rolled his eyes and grabbed her hand. "Come on. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, you can't miss it!""Well, aren't you the expert on health," said Lily amusedly, but allowed James to drag her down to the common room. "Where are we going? Breakfast is over.""To the kitchens, of course," responded James. "There's always food there.""Students can go to the kitchens?""Of course they can't, but when's that ever stopped us?"They exited the tower and walked all the way down to the painting of the pear. Marlene and Alice gave her a thumbs up when they passed them in front of Gryffindor Tower.She and James didn't even notice that their hands were still interlinked.

Chapter Six: The Cat, the Mouse, and the WardrobeSunday was a busy day for James. He and Marlene had called trials, with Sirius as the ref and scribe. If he hadn't known any better, James reckoned that the only reason his best mate was there was to spend time with Marlene. That, and probably the prospect of ordering around the younger kids, too.In the end, after a long try-out that had kept him in the Quidditch pitch for the better part of the morning, he'd chosen three new people that he was satisfied with: 4th-year Harley Johnson, who had passed after outflying all of the competition, 5th-year Alex Carter, a beater who looked weedy but aimed well and packed a ferocious hit, and Charles Bonham, a 6th-year keeper that had blocked 9 out of the 10 quaffles that James had shot at him.He spent the rest of the day working on prefect schedules with Lily and Remus, something that he found very boring indeed. He'd decided that he'd patrol three times a week, on the days that he did not have Quidditch Practice. McGonagall had told James that under no circumstances would he be patrolling alone, so he put Remus's name on two-thirds of his schedule, and Lily on the last third.On Monday, James and the rest of the 7th years greeted their new Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor first thing in the morning; she was a witch by the name of Miracula Hedith. She was in her mid-40s, figured James, and was pretty in an old-woman sort of way. She'd set them to researching and studying dragons, their first chapter of the DADA textbook. Sirius got ten points taken off from Gryffindor and a detention when he asked her what sort of dragon she busied herself with at night.Next was potions, and they continued to brew their Veritaserum. James and Sirius found no problem with this at all, and nor did Lily; though of course, she had always been ahead of the class in that particular subject. They spent the period cutting up Sopophorous Beans and shaving off bicorn horns.History of Magic came last, which James had no idea how he'd ended up in. He'd gotten an A in his O.W.L, but apparently Binns was so starved of students he'd even let Peter in, who'd gotten a P. James felt somewhat obligated to go to his class, even if he was totally rubbish at it. One of his favourite (only) memories with the old ghost was of him receiving a Circe chocolate-frog card from him.Tuesday passed much like Monday, and so did the rest of the week, in that it was fairly ordinary. He was panicked slightly at the amount of work that he hadn't finished – he had an Arithmancy equation that he was supposed to be dissecting and explaining, due next Wednesday. Professor Hedith had partnered her students, and set them to draw a full-scale diagram of a dragon, mapping out its weak points (James thought privately that, with Sirius as his partner, he wouldn't get that done anytime soon). He also had a Charms essay on the Protean Charm from Professor Flitwick, so, thought James dejectedly, he knew where he'd be spending the nights at.By mid-September, James and Lily had caught a total of ten students wandering out after-hours. He wondered how many of them were actually planning on shagging, but fortunately none of the couples had progressed that far. They hadn't caught any Slytherins, which James found quite odd, because it contradicted directly with what Professor Dumbledore had said.James had agreed with the Headmaster, of course, in which the wannabe Death Eaters would be trying to take over the school. So far, the Slytherins had been perfectly normal – or, at least, as normal as they usually were. They were still slimy, bigotted pricks, and James and Sirius (and on occasion, Remus) relieved their stress by hexing unsuspecting 7th year Slytherins when Lily wasn't looking.So it was on the evening of Wednesday the 21st that James found himself outside of the Head's Tower, waiting for Lily to get out so that they could begin their patrol. He ruffled his hair nervously – she had that effect on him, he was beginning to realize, but he didn't mind in the slightest.Then the painting of the two wizards swung open, and Lily stepped out. She smiled at James and they walked together.It took them half an hour to scout their floor, and they found nothing. Apparently, the students had caught on that James knew their exact location at all times, so they didn't bother anymore.Tonight, though, was different. That morning, he'd left the Marauder's Map with – well, the Marauders – and he'd forgotten to take it back. James and Lily checked every classroom, every broom closet, but still they found nobody.They rounded a corner and climbed a staircase. James cracked a joke here and there, and Lily laughed quietly beside him. He relaxed visibly as they continued to patrol – he and Lily shared the same somewhat-bawdy sense of humour that he'd gotten from years of talking to Sirius.At that point, they were near the Astronomy Tower. It was one of the most common places in which to enjoy a fun, exciting night, and James and Lily had capitalized on that; most of the unlucky couples had been found there.Suddenly, James held a finger to shush Lily and himself, for he had heard a voice coming from the tower.Two voices. Awfully familiar, as well."I think we've found our first pair of troublemakers," murmured James, and then he grinned wickedly. "I know who they are. Let's blast the door open, should give them a good scare."Lily agreed with a matching smirk.They both crept up the stairs, ascending the tower quietly with their wands out, trying to hold in their sniggers. Finally, they reached the door to the parapet; Lily stepped forwards, and with a wave, shouted, "Bombarda!"The wooden door flew open and was blasted back. James felt sorry for the poor students who'd woken up. His guilt immediately subsided as he saw the two figures yelp, ducking as the door sailed past them."Fucking hell, Prongs," complained Sirius, as he realized who was standing at the door frame, "Can't a bloke get some privacy?""The Astronomy Tower, Padfoot?" James cocked an eyebrow. "You deserved it."Next to Sirius, Marlene was blushing profusely, and wasn't meeting James's or Lily's eyes. They were both fully clothed, noted James with relief, but he noticed that Marlene's blouse was rumpled and Sirius's hair messy. They were apparently having a right good time."Well, what would you have me pick?" demanded Sirius. "McGonagall's office?"Lily snorted. "Frankly, anything but the Astronomy Tower. At least you two had the decency to not rip each other's clothes off."James turned to Marlene, grinning widely. "Marls, sweetheart, just make sure to stay safe, all right? And get your priorities straightened out. If you miss practice because you were shagging this wanker –" James gestured at Sirius, who made noises of protest " – I'm going to have to kick you off the team.""Hey!" said Marlene indignantly. Lily laughed at her best friend."Get out of here, you two," said Lily. "And five points from Gryffindor as well."This time both Marlene and Sirius started complaining, but Lily held up her hand. "No arguing. Get to your dormitories. Marly, we're going to have to talk about this tomorrow."Marlene looked as if smoke was about to come steaming from her ears this time, but she grabbed Sirius's hand and dragged him down the stairs."Way to kill the mood, Prongs!" said Sirius as he disappeared through the doorway.James and Lily laughed again. "No detours, you two!""Well, that was fun," said Lily a few moments later. She pointed her wand at the blasted door and said, "Reparo!" and the door flew back to its hinges."We'd better get back now, we've still got a whole floor to patrol."James sighed. "What's the rush? We can enjoy the view from here. It's only eleven, anyways.""It's nearing twelve, actually," said Lily."Whatever," said James smoothly. "I rounded down."Lily shook her head in exasperation, but she leaned against the tower's railing anyways. James copied her, taking in the view.It was a splendid night. The half-moon appeared behind the mountains that ringed the grounds and illuminated the forest before it. James could see birds and Hippogriffs flying above the Forbidden Forest, gliding in intricate patterns that made him dizzy. Once or twice he saw a pair fly high into the air, then swoop back down and didn't return. It was mating season for them.It was also very quiet. The lake was calm and gave no indication that anybody lived there. The castle grounds were peaceful and tranquil, and the only light coming from it was from Hagrid's Hut."I sometimes forget how beautiful Hogwarts can be," breathed Lily.James glanced at her briefly, then turned back to the view. "Yeah, I guess. We should probably head back now."Lily frowned. "But this whole sightseeing was your idea.""I tend to have many ideas at once, love. I think it's my superior intellect."They bickered all the way down the stairs and continued their patrol. They found no trouble, thankfully, and if Sirius and Marlene were out they didn't spot them.Finally, half an hour later, James and Lily trudged back towards the Head's Tower, slightly exhausted. They said their goodnights to each other, and closed the doors to their rooms.Friday dawned and passed quickly. That morning's Potions class had been uneventful, save for Peter exploding his cauldron and covering him and Remus in its contents, causing the both of them to spend their lunch in the Hospital Wing. The rest of the N.E.W.T students had Transfiguration as their final class of the week, and James welcomed it with open arms.They'd progressed to changing cats and mice into full-size wardrobes now, something that James found quite challenging. Sirius was the first to get it, and it took James a couple more tries until the stubborn cat turned into a simple, wooden closet. They were the only ones to do it, though Marlene and Remus had managed to transfigure their mice into half-rodent, half-furniture hybrids, which McGonagall still gave half a point for.That evening found James in his favourite squishy armchair by the fire, sitting with the Marauders. He relished in the thought that he'd be able to play Quidditch tomorrow without any nagging thoughts in the back of his mind, now that his ridiculously tall pile of homework was completely finished.He watched and laughed as Peter played Wizard's Chess with Sirius, who was cursing loudly as his pieces were picked apart one-by-one. Chess was one of the only things that Peter was better at than the rest of the Marauders, and it boosted his self-esteem greatly."Knight to A-6 – wait, actually, G-6, WAIT – are you kidding me?""Bishop to G-4 – not you, the other one, stupid – I've got you cornered now! Checkmate, Padfoot!"Remus grabbed the black king from Sirius's side of the chessboard and turned it around his fingers, laughing heartily. Sirius demanded a rematch, to which Peter readily agreed.James smiled lazily. His mind wandered off to what he'd be doing next; it was ten o'clock, maybe he'd get something to bite in the kitchen… smiling inwardly, maybe he could get Lily to accompany him again, she'd loved meeting the House-elves last time...With thoughts about Lily came warm, pleasant memories. He was pleased with the way their relationship was going so far, even if it hadn't gone that far yet. She'd even called him Prongs once or twice that week, though that had mostly been to make fun of him with Sirius. They were good friends now, and progressing quickly. James found that she was just as easy to talk with as Peter was, or Remus, or – hell, even Sirius, his own best mate.Lily and Remus had been good friends ever since they had become prefects in 5th year, remembered James, something that he had taken advantage of once he'd developed feelings for her. Remus had been less than willing to involve himself in their complicated relationship, but James had promised him a whole month's worth of Chocolate Frogs if he talked about how smart he was, or how good he was at Quidditch, or how muscular he was –He chuckled lightly to himself. Merlin, he'd been an immature little prat. They were good memories, fond memories, but he couldn't help but cringe at them. He had resolved long to give up on her – he was just getting his hopes up, and that wouldn't do him any good. He was just fine with them being friends.A light tap on his shoulder snapped him out of his thoughts. He turned his head, and he found the very subject of his inner, most-private fantasies standing behind him, looking slightly awkward."All right, Evans?" said Sirius, not taking his eyes off of the chessboard. "Seen McKinnon?""James, can I have a word?" asked Lily, ignoring Sirius. "Er – privately?""Sure," said James. He got off from his armchair and turned his back to his friends, who catcalled and threw Chess pieces at him. He and Lily walked over to an empty table near the common-room noticeboards."So," began James, "what did you want to talk about?""Right," said Lily. "Er… well, you know how you and Sirius are the only ones who've turned cats into furniture and all that? In Transfiguration?""Yeah," said James, unsure of where this was going. "What of it?"Lily sighed. "James, what I'm asking – well, I want you to help me understand it all."She waited. James stared at her, uncomprehendingly, when suddenly it clicked."You – Lily Evans – want to ask for my help?""Don't be mean," chided Lily, "but, yes, I suppose I do, and since my only options are you and Sirius, and Sirius is… well, a right arse, to be honest – I thought I'd go to the person who'd be the least likely to laugh at me."James's heart tap-danced."I've had trouble understanding Transfiguration since the beginning of the year, see," added Lily with uncertainty."'Course I'll help you, Lils," said James brightly. "Don't be afraid to ask me, all right? And Sirius too, for that matter. He's not into laughing at other people's skills." He pondered his words for a moment, before adding, "Well, most people, anyway. Peter's an exception."Lily laughed at that. "So, you'll teach me, then?""Obviously. We can start now, if you'd like.""Brilliant." Lily's green eyes were shining brightly. She opened her copy of Transfiguring Reality and turned to the page they were currently working on with Professor McGonagall: The Cat, the Mouse, and the Wardrobe."Right," said James, taking out his wand. "Well, first things first – we're going to need either a mouse or a cat. I saw a mouse near the fireplace earlier with a slice of cheese… let me see if I can – Accio Cheese!"The cheese soared over the heads of his fellow Gryffindors, dragging the poor mouse with it as it clung determinedly and it landed on the table. He waved his wand again ("Immobulus!") and the mouse stayed still.It was a rather fat mouse, noted James, and though he knew that it wasn't Wormtail, since he was still sat by the fire playing chess with Sirius, he couldn't help but feel slightly guilty at the thought of using one of his friends as a lab rat. He pushed down his guilt and turned to Lily."Cats are better, of course," he began to explain. "They're durable and flexible, and there are a lot more possibilities when you're using cats. But mice are easier, that's why McGonagall has us using them in her class."He pointed his wand at the mouse and said, "Vera Minima Lectulo!" The mouse shifted and changed; in its place stood a small brown wardrobe about as big as his hand. James opened its doors and found the cheese tucked neatly inside.He undid the spell and the wardrobe turned back into a frozen mouse. He gestured at Lily to try.On her second attempt, the mouse transformed into a simple black closet with mismatched door handles. The cheese was nowhere to be found."Nice one," commented James. "Of course, anything with minima in it is far easier than its usual spell. But you've got the basics, so it shouldn't be as hard. And also remember – McGonagall wants us practising nonverbal spells. Reparifarge."The wardrobe changed back into a mouse (cheese gone) and James set it on the floor, away from the table. The common room was emptying now, and the space in front of them was wide open."I'm going to turn it into an actual wardrobe, now," said James, and Lily nodded impatiently, her face scrunched up in concentration as to what he was doing.He jabbed his wand at the mouse, thought, Vera Lectulo! and the mouse blurred and expanded before it stood straight up, its fur slowly browning and hardening; it stretched out, warping and shifting, and then a set of wooden doors appeared, and then its walls and its top, and then it all closed with a snap.Once again, he undid the transformation and told Lily to try it out. She raised her wand and began her barrage of spellwork.Lily waved and swished and even muttered the spell, but the mouse didn't budge. James waited for a few moments until he'd decided that she'd suffered enough."You're flourishing your wand a bit too much," said James, as Lily despaired. "It's more a straight jab.""What difference will that make?" seethed Lily, scowling at the mouse. "Even if I did do that –" and she did, jabbing her wand straight at the mouse, but it stayed in place stubbornly "– see! I'm doing something wrong. There's got to be another way.""I think you're thinking a bit too much into this," said James thoughtfully. "You're going about it the wrong way. You're trying to figure out how to go around the problem, instead of facing it head-on. This isn't Charms, Lily. There aren't other methods or different ways to solve things in Transfiguration. We have formulas and laws.""Right," said Lily, seemingly unsure of where this was going next.James gestured at her textbook. There was a large triangle over one of its pages, with different symbols and letters: the Transformation Formula."Even if you are applying the formula," continued James, "you have to visualize. There's so much more to it than just simply imagining a mouse turning into furniture. You have to imagine the mouse's skin turning into wood, its skeleton into the doors or handles or whatever; it doesn't matter. As long as you're visualizing… sort of like a moving painting or picture.""Like a video?""What's that?" asked James curiously. He'd never heard that word before."Never mind," said Lily hurriedly. "OK, so a moving painting… got it."Lily turned her attention to the mouse. She did as James said – a mental replay of the mouse turning into the bed, and she brought her wand down in a straight flick; the mouse changed into a white wardrobe."I did it!" exclaimed Lily, jumping slightly. A couple of Gryffindors looked around curiously, and then Lily blushed and sat down again."Brilliant, Lils!" said James, and he couldn't help but smile; her happiness was infectious. "On your first try, too. That was great."Lily beamed at him. "Thank you, thank you, I've finally got it now, I don't have to pretend to sleep in McGonagall's class anymore!"She and James laughed. Over by the fire, the Marauders shared smiles with each other. They'd been watching from afar."Don't mention it, Lily," said James, leaning back into his chair. "Though… I hope this doesn't mean that you'll top me in Transfiguration."Lily snorted. "As if that's possible." She sighed contentedly and leaned back, copying James.James closed his eyes, still marvelling at the fact that he was actually sitting with Lily Evans, and she wasn't yelling or trying to get away from him. A few years ago, that would have sounded like a dream."You know," continued Lily, "You're a really good teacher, James. Maybe you should take over for McGonagall once she retires."It was James's turn to snort. "While I appreciate the compliment, I don't think I could ever settle down as a Professor. I'm way too much of a troublemaker. There's no way I could make a bunch of hormonal teenagers take me seriously.""Really?" asked Lily quietly. "Because people can change, you know. You've changed."James crossed his arms. "Yeah, well…""It's a rather pleasant change, too," said Lily, looking at him. "It's quite nice."James looked back at her. What was she saying?"Besides, James," said Lily suddenly, after a few minutes of silence between them. "You're the Transfiguration prodigy. You're the one who should be an expert on change."On Tuesday, Lily woke up a little later than usual, having spent most of last night studying. Figuring that it was probably 8 o'clock, she bustled about in her room, brushing her teeth and washing her hair. After deeming herself presentable, she opened her curtains, where she was immediately greeted by a fresh ray of bright sunlight – and she instantly panicked.Reaching for her watch, she realised she had ten minutes to get to class. Her heart rose to her throat – she'd never been late, not in any of her seven years at Hogwarts, and she wasn't going to start now. Lily stuffed her textbooks into her bag and hurried out of her door, accepting that she wasn't going to be eating until lunch. Her stomach rumbled, which did not help, but she pushed down her hunger and raced out of the Tower.James was probably already in class, which meant that she wouldn't be able to use his shortcuts. She descended the Grand Staircase, passing by the near-empty Great Hall, and just barely reached the oak doors as the bell rang.She shut her eyes; the sound of the bell was a cruel reminder that she was late. Dragging her feet out of the doors, she made her way to Greenhouse Three for Herbology. She gave a hurried apology to Professor Sprout, who just bade her sit down, and collapsed on the only empty seat: the one next to James.She couldn't bring herself to focus on whatever Professor Sprout was saying; it was as though her day was destined to be bad. Instead she busied herself with her gloomy thoughts, wondering whether this would stain her record and cause her to get in trouble with McGonagall, which would lead to trouble with Dumbledore, and then the governors, and oh no, she would lose her badge, she would forever be known as the Head Girl who hadn't lasted a single month and would ultimately fail to get a job –"Miss Evans!"She looked up, her eyes wide. Professor Sprout was frowning at her, looking torn between disapproval and concern. She felt James's eyes on her as she squeaked out an almost inaudible, "Yes, Professor?""Are you ready to participate in class, or are you still going to stare off into the distance?""I – no…" she muttered, feeling herself get red as the class tittered. "I mean – yes, I'm ready to participate. I'm sorry, Professor."Professor Sprout gave her one last miffy look and turned back to the class at large, this time holding a large, potted plant. Lily sank lower into her chair, trying desperately to disappear forever…Suddenly, there was a great rumble as everyone got up, and, realising that she had zoned out yet again, she stared around. People were getting into pairs; she saw Sirius and Remus wander off to an empty table. What was going on?"Lily?"James's voice made her jump slightly. She turned to look at him, his hazel eyes amused and concerned. She shook her head; this was no time to get lost again."Yes?" she said, in what she thought was a dignified voice. James smirked."Well, don't just stand there, help me get this Whomping Willow over here –"He heaved a great potted plant, the same as Professor Sprout's, and Lily hurried over to help. They both managed to set it on to their table, where he looked at her expectantly."What?" she said."We're supposed to get these things to trust us," said James, gesturing at the plant. "Professor Sprout reckons that a girl is better suited for the job. Something about the way you smell?""Oh," said Lily, turning to look at the plant. It was large and wilted, and it reminded her of one of those bonsai trees that Petunia had brought home. She reached a hand out tentatively to touch it, but before she could so much as brush against the leaves, the tree lashed out and struck her thumb.Eyes watering, she pulled back her hand and sucked on her thumb, biting down so that the pain would stop. She glared angrily at the tree, but the tree remained still."Are you hurt?" asked James concernedly. "Let me take a look –"But Lily shook his hand off, unwilling to accept help. She could deal with a simple cut. "I'm fine.""All right, no need to get angry," said James uneasily, holding his hands up in a placating gesture. "Why don't you sit down? I'll try to get this thing under control."Lily shook her head stubbornly. "I told you, I'm fine. Now what're we supposed to do with these things?"Still looking unconvinced, James explained that she had to approach it quickly, confidently – Whomping Willows were proud plants, but would yield if they managed to get intimidated. Lily squared her shoulders, and, following James's instructions, she immediately lunged for the trunk of the tree; its branches lifted in surprise, and then it wilted again, as though it had just been defeated. Satisfied, she turned back to James."Now what?""Now," said James, lifting a pair of shears, "we prune the leaves."The rest of the lesson passed quickly. She handed in her and James's pile of pruned leaves, noticing that it was considerably smaller than the rest of her peers', but she couldn't bring herself to care. She had Ancient Runes next, and then a free period after. Resigning herself to an extra couple of hours of sleep and hunger, she shouldered her bag."Oi, Lily!"James again. She sighed, not in the mood to talk with anybody. She turned around, about to tell him off, but then James said, "What's gotten into you?"Blunt and swift. Lily, surprised, opened her mouth to retort, but James beat her to it."I mean, it's not like you at all to be late, or to miss breakfast," said James, a smirk growing on his lips. "I don't ever recall seeing you zone out in class, either –""James, if you're just going to remind me what a disorganized, messy person I am –""Fancy a trip to the kitchens?""I – what?" she stared at him in confusion. Had she heard him right? "The kitchens?"James shrugged, lifting a hand up to his hair. "Well, you seem to have a thing for missing breakfast, so I thought – well, maybe you were hungry, and you'd accompany me to the kitchens…?"Lily stared at him. "James, don't you have History of Magic next –?""It's not like Binns'll notice me skiving or anything," said James, grinning crookedly. "And I'm sure Professor Vector will give you a pass. I've said this before, breakfast is the most important meal of the day. You can't miss it!"As if on cue, her stomach rumbled. She patted it, scolding herself mentally for being weak. "Well, I suppose – but I don't really fancy missing class...""What?" James looked aghast, and he pulled her by the elbow away from the students streaming out of the greenhouse. "What do you mean, you don't fancy missing class? Don't tell me you actually like Ancient Runes?""I'll have you know, James, that Ancient Runes is an amazing subject –""It's boring, that's what it is, and I dunno how you or Remus can stand it," said James, his hand travelling down her arm to clasp her palm. "I swear, Evans, it's as if you have an aversion to fun or something.""I have fun," said Lily defensively, following James down to the route they had gone on a few weeks ago. "I mean, it's just – I separate it from school and all…""You're long overdue for some rule-breaking," said James firmly, reaching the painting of the pear. "And here I was thinking Marlene made you tag along whenever she did something…""As a matter of fact, she does." Lily waved at the House-Elves merrily. "It's not like I can stop her or anything."James sat down across her. "Maybe there's hope for you yet."She stuck her tongue out at him.They spent the two periods chatting with the house-elves and eating themselves silly. They skipped lunch, which she thought for the best, as the food here was heaps better than the food in the Great Hall. She had to admit, it felt fun to be free of Babbling's voice, but she couldn't help but feel scared that the professors would come looking for them. She voiced her fears to James, who chuckled."You're just overreacting," said James, munching on a chocolate tart. "I've done things much worse than miss class, and McGonagall still loves me."Lily snorted."Say, Lily," began James in a voice very different from the one he had used before, "What do you say we do something after this?""Oh? And what did you have in mind?"James scratched the back of his head. There were a few crumbs of chocolate on his chin that Lily wanted to wipe away. "I was thinking... something along the lines of Berkana in Fehu, if you catch my drift...?"Lily stared at him, trying to ignore the way her stomach flip-flopped as she realized what he was saying. "James, that is the most pathetic pick-up line I have heard, and I'm friends with Sirius.""Worth a shot," grinned James cheekily. "Seems that the Ancient Runes that I picked up from Remus didn't all go to waste."She rolled her eyes at him playfully, masking her wide smile with her syllabub. "Has anyone ever told you you have the mind of a twelve-year-old?""If I recall correctly, you've reminded me without fail for the last six years.""Consider yourself reminded again."James grinned again, his hazel eyes sparkling. "I will, because I'm a nice person. A dear, if you will. An... Algiz?""Close enough," said Lily sniffily. "Algiz stands for elk, not deer. And stop it with the Ancient Runes, you're scaring me."When she heard the bell ring, she convinced James to come with her, as it was Charms next. She left the kitchens in far higher spirits than she had upon entering it.That night, in the Gryffindor common room, she found herself feeling incredibly lonely as she sat with her friends around the fire. She mostly stayed quiet, speaking only when she was spoken to, and not contributing to the conversation.She sighed, leaning back into her sofa. Marlene and James were still in the Quidditch pitch, so maybe that was why she was feeling this way. She knew it wasn't fair to Alice – she loved her like a sister, but sometimes the girl would always forget who was around her. At the moment, Alice was chatting with Remus and Peter about who-knew-what, and Sirius was being his usual, obnoxious self by flicking paper-balls towards the heads of unsuspecting second years.She didn't know why she was suddenly missing James. Marlene, she could understand – she was her best friend, obviously – but James? Why, in the overwhelming crowd that was the Gryffindor common room, did she suddenly desire for his company more than Marlene's?Perhaps it was because he had gone out of his way to help her feel better. Or perhaps it was because she spent so much more time with him than either Marlene or Alice these days. Or perhaps it was because things were much less boring with him around. He always knew what to say to defuse the situation, or, if he was feeling like it, escalate it a hundredfold. Lily found herself glancing at the portrait hole, praying that either one of her friends would climb out and save her from her boredom.Berkana in Fehu... she had to admit, that boy could get creative with his words. She snorted lightly to herself.She reached into her bag and pulled out a book. The Tales of Beedle the Bard, a short collection of tales James had given to her ages ago, before what had happened in the Lake. Smiling slightly at the thought of reading about a warlock's hairy heart, she opened the pages and sank into the stories.Half an hour later, having thoroughly exhausted the contents of the children's book, she closed it. She glanced at the portrait hole again, wondering why James was taking so long. It was well past dinner, after all – surely, he would take pity on his team and let them eat. If he wasn't showing any time soon, then Lily might as well pack up and leave for her Tower.She hummed absently to herself, stuffing her book back into her bag. She stared around the common room, noticing that Em and Mary had already gone up after finishing their game of Gobstones. Perhaps she should have played with them; if anything, to take her mind off of things. She was about to stand up when a sudden tap on her shoulder snapped her out of her thoughts.Spinning around, she saw a messy-haired, bespectacled boy grinning down at her from behind the sofa, his scarlet Quidditch robes caked with mud and grass."When did you get back?" said Lily, surprised.James jumped over the sofa and sank into the cushions, propping his feet over the desk. "Missed me, did you?""No," lied Lily. "I didn't see you go through the portrait hole."He shrugged, covering the back pillows with grass. "I came back a few minutes ago. You looked busy."Lily glanced at her heavy bag, where The Tales of Beedle the Bard was stashed safely in one of the pockets. She was strangely attached to the book. "I was reading.""Very interesting," said James sarcastically, tossing a Quaffle up into the air that he'd procured from seemingly nowhere. "Might I ask what you were reading?""Just a children's book," she answered, not wanting to tell him that she had been reading something he had given her. "Is Marlene here?""She's probably taking a bath," said James, glancing up at the ceiling. "We had a rough practice today, Hector and Paris Salley were being quite rude to everyone.""Hmm," said Lily absently. "And why aren't you taking a bath?""Sirius is hogging the bathroom," said James. "I'll shower in the Head's dorm later."Soon, Lily began to relax as her boredom came to an end. She didn't notice Marlene and Alice glance at her happily, nor did she notice Sirius smile at them from the boys' stairs. She didn't even notice the common room slowly empty as curfew drew near. She felt like she could talk to James about anything – his presence was so reassuring, so comfortable, she felt her inner shields go down and let him enter, and they sank into their own little world.

Chapter Seven: The Gathering of Many FacesThe full moon rose over the grounds of Hogwarts, basking the castle and its trees in silvery light. Off in the distance, near the border where Hogsmeade and the highlands converged, the sound of screaming rolled through the grounds.The Shrieking Shack lived up to its name. To Hogsmeade, the wails of the petrified dead were a sign of bad luck. To the Marauders, it indicated that the wolf was emerging.Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs stood to the corner of the Shack, waiting patiently for Remus to finish his transformation. It always started slowly: Remus would pant repeatedly like a wounded dog, then he would start thrashing around, screeching and shouting as his bones elongated and his skin broke apart, his eyes wild and feral, and then...Silence. The wolf had appeared.Prongs and Padfoot looked at each other, gleeful expressions on their animal faces. Wormtail climbed up onto the back of the stag, holding on to his fur.The great dog gave a raucous BARK, and Moony turned to look at them. He grinned, baring his sharp teeth.The wolf raised his head, facing the night sky, and he howled. He poured his pain and lament into a single note; a hymn of magic. But Moony sang not only to the moon, but to his friends too. The prospect of adventure energized him, and he couldn't wait to cause some more mischief.Padfoot barked again, sounding more alert and impatient this time. He pushed open a loose plank of wood in the wall and squeezed through it, holding it open so that Prongs and Moony could come out.The Marauders breathed in the smell of the Forbidden Forest. Then Moony gave a great yelp and bounded towards the woods, his friends right behind him.The golden leaves of September continued to fall all the way up to October, and by the first Friday of the month McGonagall had already asked James and Lily to start planning for the upcoming festival: The Gathering of Many Faces.Lily thought that that was a rather long and fancy name for a costume party, but she didn't object. During the meeting with James and the other prefects, she and the Head Boy stole glances at each other as they listened to the others' ideas. She'd vetoed anything that she found too complicated, fearing that that would cut down on productivity. James just sat there on his seat, once or twice looking at the ceiling as if to say, Why me?She couldn't blame him. After all, McGonagall had tasked James with the worst and hardest jobs. Lily was thankful, of course, but she couldn't help but think that James had received barely any part of the broomstick.So it was on the evening of Sunday that she found James sprawled on one of the common room's many sofas all by himself, consulting a long list of names that he would have to call. Remus had been there a few hours ago, helping him plan the layout of the Great Hall on the day of the festival. Ever since, James had been writing letters to people, begging them to come play at their costume party. McGonagall had insisted he get a good band to come to Hogwarts, and the rest of the prefects had fervently requested for the Crimson Children, who were apparently a new band in the craze. No doubt the same, gormless squealing sound, thought Lily.She sat down on the chair next to James's sofa. "Any luck?""None," said James gloomily. "They're all busy at the end of the month. These Crimson Children – I've never even heard of them, and I grew up with wizarding music.""Well, I'm sure you'll come up with something," said Lily encouragingly.James groaned. She smiled sympathetically and searched through her bag, determined to get some work done. She found her potions essay and began to read it."Why couldn't The Beatles have disbanded after we graduated?" said James grumpily. "I doubt they'd turn down an offer to play at Hogwarts."Lily laughed. "The Beatles would've been nice, actually. See if you can get your band to cover one of their songs."James didn't answer. He flipped over on the couch, his eyes crossing slightly as they zoomed all over the parchment. Lily worked silently beside him, reading over her texts and scratching out mistakes."Hey, Lily?"She looked up from her essay. "Yes?"James squinted at his list. "Have you ever heard of this band – The Weird Sisters?"She shook her head. "No, doesn't ring a bell.""Huh," said James, frowning slightly. "It says here they're quite new. D'you think McGonagall will approve?""Please, James. Do you honestly think McGonagall actually cares about the music? It's the students you'll have to please.""You've got a point there," admitted James. "Maybe I will book these guys. If anything, just to spite Benjy Fenwick."Lily and James shared a laugh. Benjy had been one of the most vocal supporters of the Crimson Children – something that James found quite irritating, apparently."Well, as long as they're nice, I don't really care," said Lily."That's settled, then," said James. He rolled up his list and stuffed it in his bag. "What're you working on?"Lily glanced at him, then turned back to her homework. "Slughorn's essay on the moon. I'm nearly finished, I just need to add a conclusion."James sighed. "Hold on a sec, I'm almost done with mine."He dashed towards his room, leaving Lily alone in her armchair. She waited patiently as James rummaged around upstairs, no doubt looking for his aforementioned potions essay. He came back down a few minutes later holding a crumpled piece of parchment.Lily wrinkled her nose. "Is that supposed to be what you're turning in tomorrow?"James shrugged easily. "Sluggy doesn't really care as long as he can read my handwriting, so I don't see why I – or you – should care."She rolled her eyes. "Forget I asked, then. Give it here, I'll read it over."James handed it to her and he slumped back down on the sofa, rubbing his eyes. "You are honestly the most amazing, wonderful witch I've ever met, Evans.""Someone's been working on their flattery," muttered Lily, though she was quite flattered. She read over his essay, comparing it to hers. Merlin, his handwriting was bad. It could have given Marlene's a run for its money. Who knew that flying around in a broom would cause permanent damage to their fingers?She said as much to James, who chuckled. "Yeah, my mum's crazy about my handwriting as well. She reckons Marlene's is worse, though.""Your mum knows Marlene?" asked Lily, flipping over his essay so that she could read the back."Oh, yeah, of course she knows her," answered James, laying down so that he was facing the ceiling. "Marlene used to come over nearly every week before we went to Hogwarts, her family and mine are old friends. We're practically cousins. Hasn't she ever mentioned that?""I think she has, but I don't remember," said Lily absently. She gave him his homework. "That looks fine, James. I'd add something about how the moon cycle influences a potion's temperature, and then finish it with a conclusion.""Right," said James. He scribbled down what looked like Nordic runes to Lily on his parchment."Speaking of moons," said Lily slowly, remembering something that had been bugging her for a while, "Where were you during Remus's transformation?"James waved his hand carelessly. "You know, the usual.""But what is the usual?" persisted Lily. "Surely you do something.""Yeah, we do," said James. "Peter worries, so we wait in the Hospital Wing for Remus to get back."Lily stared at him. Usually, James Potter was infamous for his believable lies. Hell, he'd gotten his whole reputation due to his ability to lie and cause mischief. But now, with James avoiding her eyes as she scrutinized him carefully, she couldn't help but think that that was one of the most feeble excuses she'd ever heard."If you don't want to tell me, then just say so, James," she said, turning back to her parchment. "I'm not going to push you.""Well, what else are we going to do?" demanded James. "I'm telling you, it's the truth! I mean, we can't exactly keep Remus company as mere mortals, can we?"Lily had to admit that that was true. She looked at him silently, fully appreciating the fact that his shirt was rather tight and rippled whenever he moved. His glasses were slightly lopsided and their lenses were foggy. She noticed the way he kept ruffling his hair, and she had the intense desire to bury her hands in it."Looking at something, Evans?"Lily snapped out of her thoughts. "In your dreams, Potter."James smirked. He threw down his quill on the table, finally finished with his essay.Lily and James left the common room shortly after for dinner.She sidled onto her bench next to Alice, who was talking animatedly with Remus. She drowned out the noise of conversation and piled her plate with foodLily glanced at Remus briefly. He looked quite pale, but, then again, he always looked pale. He had a look of sleepy contentedness on his scarred face. Some of his wounds looked to be fresh, but they were healing, Lily noted.She did some calculations in her head. She was no Arithmancy genius, but if her maths were correct the full moon had been a little more than a week ago.What did James do during the full moon? Obviously, they couldn't keep Remus company as humans, since werewolves were deadly to them. James himself had said so, and Lily agreed, and now she was stumped.Werewolves. Misunderstood, yet, at the same time, Lily couldn't help but be scared of them.Some of her previous words echoed in her mind. They couldn't keep him company as humans…Something bothered her about that sentence. Keep him company as humans…As humans…A thought came to her suddenly. A ridiculous notion, yet she seriously considered it.But… no, not even James or Sirius would be able to pull that off, at least not while they were at school. That was much too advanced and much too dangerous.No, decided Lily. It was something else. No 17 year old was going to be turning into Animagi any time soon.Though, there was that one time in fourth year, when James had asked her a question up-close, and all she could think of was oddly his breath had smelled. It had been a strangely familiar scent, like something she'd inhaled before. Something earthy and plantlike.Something to do with Animagi.Lily tried to reassure herself."Are you all right, Lily?" asked Alice, concern evident in big brown eyes. "You look as though Slughorn's just thrown you out of the Slug Club."Lily shook her head and tried to smile in spite of herself. "I'm fine, Al. As for Slughorn – we all know that's impossible.""Someone's got a rather high opinion of herself," commented Sirius mildly from across her. He'd already finished his potatoes and had moved on to his slice of pumpkin pie.Lily narrowed her eyes at him. "You know it's true, Black.""Are we back to last names again?" asked Sirius innocently. "Because I was getting rather fond of hearing my name stretched out between your lovely lips –"James smacked him around the head. "Stop harassing everyone and eat your sodding food.""Ah," said Sirius, though Lily couldn't tell if he was hurt or just acting sagely. "And that's why you're going to miss out on all the fun, my fellow Marauder.""What?"Sirius waved his fork idly. "You'll see." He glanced up at the staff table and smirked. "Right about… now."Suspicious, Lily whipped her head at the staff table in front of the Great Hall – McGonagall had just appeared, looking dignified – she pulled up her chair beside Dumbledore's, who greeted her as he usually did, like an eccentric old man – and began to eat.Lily held her breath, and it appeared that everyone else did, too. James kept darting his eyes between Sirius and McGonagall, looking apprehensive."Padfoot, maybe you should call it off," said Remus anxiously. "I'm starting to think this isn't a good idea…""Nonsense, Moony, all ideas are good ideas, especially when they come from me," replied Sirius. "Besides, we're far too gone to back out."McGonagall kept eating, talking to Dumbledore in-between bites. This was one of those rare moments in which she didn't look stern, and instead looked at ease."Padfoot, whatever you're doing…" warned James, looking very much like McGonagall. Marlene glared at Sirius, a sure sign that things would go bad if he didn't stop.But Sirius shook his head again, a wicked smile growing on his lips."Now."As soon as McGonagall shoved her spoon into her food, the plate started to vibrate. Surprised, McGonagall dropped her utensils, but she wasn't the only one; all along the staff table, the Professors gave startled cries as their food started to dance. McGonagall pushed away from her chair, looking apprehensive."What in Merlin's name –" she started.The Gryffindors weren't the only ones who were looking on with bated breath – other students from different houses were beginning to notice now, some pointing and whispering and laughing at the sight of the alarmed professors. Only Dumbledore looked relatively normal, and he ate his shepherd's pie with gusto.Suddenly, the plates lifted themselves into the air – they twitched once, some twitched twice – and regurgitated forth a torrent of food and sauce that flew towards the teachers. McGonagall got a faceful of mashed potatoes and gravy.Sirius's laugh died down shortly as the victims rounded on the Gryffindor table. Everyone had been hit – everyone except for Dumbledore, who looked on with amused interest.McGonagall wiped her square spectacles with the back of her hand and turned to the four culprits – three, if James's apprehension earlier was anything to go by. Lily sang a song appropriate for a funeral inside her head as McGonagall straightened to her full height, her eyes seething with rage and her mouth so thin Lily thought she looked rather like a cat."Potter, Black, Lupin, Pettigrew," said McGonagall in a voice of steely calm. "My office – now."James sighed and gave Sirius a look that spelt, I'll kill you later. Sirius only smirked good-naturedly at him, and the four boys trudged single-file behind McGonagall.Marlene laughed, and the rest of the table joined in.Well, thought Lily, and even from two floors below, she thought she could hear McGonagall screeching like a banshee. So much for change.Though, Hogwarts wouldn't be nearly as fun without the Marauders. Lily admitted that much."What the bloody hell is going on between you and James?" asked Alice one evening at the library. Lily and her two best friends were sitting on one of the tables, catching up on their assignments.It was Wednesday, her least favourite day of the week, and Lily had a hard time coming up with an excuse for Alice. She'd just gotten out of Arithmancy with Marlene, and both girls had agreed that Professor Vector was slightly mad when it came to homework."Nothing's going on," said Lily, not looking up from her book. In truth, she didn't know what was going on between her and James.She liked him, Lily could fully admit that now, and James liked her, he'd made that perfectly clear in years past. In the few short weeks that they'd been back at Hogwarts, she and James had been perfectly nice to each other; perhaps a little too nice, thought Lily.But Alice scoffed. "Don't give me that rubbish, all you've done now that you're Head Girl is hang out with James, you never have time for us anymore…""Is that what this is about?" asked Lily, amused. "I promise, after I'm done with this festival, we're going to have a day all to ourselves. No stupid Gryffindor blokes. Right, Marlene?"Marlene grunted, her nose nearly touching her parchment as she scribbled down her notes. "I s'pose.""But you do like him?" inquired Alice, her brown eyes searching her face questioningly.Lily sighed. "It's complicated, Al.""Trust me, Alice, it's not," said Marlene. "Lily's been secretly snogging James in their little common room whenever we're not looking.""I have not," said Lily scathingly as Alice laughed. "And even if I was, what would it matter?""It matters to us, Lil," said Alice, turning back to her book, "because you'd be admitting defeat.""What in Merlin's name is that supposed to mean?"Marlene sighed dramatically. "She's too far gone, Al, I don't think we can save her…""Oh, bugger off, the pair of you," growled Lily, throwing a piece of paper at Marlene. "I don't like him. Happy?""We saw you two going off all by yourselves a few weeks ago," said Marlene, scrunching the paper into a ball and throwing it back at her. "Forgive me if that doesn't look a little suggestive.""For Merlin's sake, we were going to the kitchens!" cried out Lily exasperatedly. Madam Pince gave her the evil eye, and she smiled sheepishly at her before turning back to her friends, "We were going to the kitchens! If I remember correctly, I brought you and Alice enough pastries to fill your dorms!""Yes, and they were delicious," sniggered Marlene. "But the fact still remains that you went off by yourselves…""That's rich, coming from Miss I-shag-Sirius-Black-in-the-Astronomy-Tower," seethed Lily. She rounded on Alice. "I don't see her getting interrogated, why's that, Alice dear?""Because, Lilyyy," said Alice, stretching out the syllables. "Marlene's already dating Sirius, so there's no need to interrogate her.""Besides, Sirius and I aren't that serious anyway." Marlene didn't even smirk at her pun. "We meet each other after curfew, have an hour or two of fun, and go about our day. Whereas you, Lily…""What about me?" snapped Lily."Shut up," hissed Alice before Marlene could answer, as Madam Pince shuffled towards their direction."We've seen you and James dance around each other for the better part of two years," whispered Marlene. "It's bound to happen eventually, don't you think, Alice?""Definitely," said Alice, as Lily groaned in exasperation. "I tell you, Marls, by the end of the year Lily and James will be singing our praises.""Oh, not even." Marlene's eyes were shining. "A galleon that they don't even last till the end of the month."Lily pinched the bridge of her nose, wondering how on earth she got stuck with two of the most annoying friends in the world.They continued to tease her after that, but Lily drowned out the noise. She worked silently on her dragon essay.Fifteen minutes later, she heard Alice snap her book shut, cursing Professor Hedith and her stupid dragons, and took out a piece of parchment. Marlene had given up a long time ago, and was now doodling aimlessly with a pencil.Lily tucked her books back into her bag and glanced at Alice, now writing what appeared to be a novel. "What's that?""A letter," answered Alice. "To Frank," she added to Lily's questioning look. "He's just finished the first stage of Auror Training, so they're giving him a few days off.""Frank Longbottom's an Auror?" asked Marlene, a look of surprise on her face."Yes," said Alice a little defensively, "Why?"Marlene waved her hand vaguely and turned back to her drawing. "Nothing, Al. Curiosity, ever heard of it?"Alice ignored her, instead choosing to continue to write her letter. Lily watched her silently, noticing how her face relaxed when she was thinking about Frank.She scribbled down her signature and rolled up her parchment. "Shall we go? We're not getting anything done here."The three girls exited the library, heading for dinner in the Great Hall. They caught up with Mary and Emmeline on their way."Lily, Lily, Lily," sang Marlene suddenly as they passed through a hallway filled with suits of armour. "Don't you know that delay is the deadliest form of denial?"For the next few weeks, James was so busy he hardly had any time left for mischief-making, which was probably why Sirius had left him in the dark on the whole McGonagall thing.He was still quite miffed that Sirius hadn't at least informed him what he was going to do to McGonagall beforehand. In retrospect, though, James probably would've tried to stop him, since he was Head Boy and needed to keep up images.Now was no time for pranks, though, for as the date of the upcoming festival loomed closer, James's workload doubled by the day.He and the rest of the 7th-years were starting to feel just how stressful things at Hogwarts could be. If James was being honest with himself, he was doing far better than the other students in terms of homework – better, at least, than Peter, who was so far behind in Charms that Flitwick had called him to his office personally.His evenings were filled with the sound of quills scratching on parchment as he worked on his essays. Sometimes, Sirius and Remus and Peter were there to help him; other times, he completed just as much with Lily.As for the Gathering of Many Faces (which, he'd been informed, was actually the 50th anniversary of the death of some wizard), things were going smoothly. James and Lily occasionally spent their breaks hunched over a diagram of the Great Hall, plotting the events and celebrations. He'd bought a tape of The Weird Sisters' debut album, listened to it using Lily's wireless, and had ultimately decided that he rather liked this weird band. The highlight of his week: they'd actually responded and accepted his offer, and had even sent him some free merchandise, which James hung up proudly in his room.Three days before the festival, James and the rest of the Marauders met up in their common room to discuss what they'd be wearing, something that James found quite silly.He'd been listening to Peter drone on and on about the types of costumes he wanted to wear, ranging from an outfit that looked a bit like a bear that he said he'd gotten from a movie called Star Wars (James had no idea what a movie was, nor why stars were trying to do each other in), to a muscle suit with a bat cowl covering his face."You look ridiculous, Wormtail," said Sirius lazily from his spot on the couch. "Take that off, will you?"Peter sighed. "If you insist."He Vanished his cape and mask and plumped back down in his armchair. Remus glanced up from his book, amused."We need to think of something," murmured Sirius. "It's our last year, for Merlin's sake, and Dumbledore's given us permission to go as anything. So why haven't we thought of anything?""Do our costumes have to match?" asked Remus carefully. Sirius rounded on him, an incredulous look on his face."Why wouldn't we have matching costumes?""Because, Padfoot," said Remus, rolling his eyes, "we'll look like even bigger dorks than we already are –""We're not dorks!" protested James.Remus laughed. "Please, Prongs. We have codenames for each other."James and Sirius shut up after that."Oh, I know," said Remus suddenly. He snapped his book shut and sat up, giving the boys his full attention. "How about we go as something cool? Something everyone will love.""That's what I've been saying, Moony," said Sirius exasperatedly, closing his eyes and leaning against one of his pillows. "The thing is – what counts as cool in this place?""I'll tell you." Remus regarded his four friends carefully. "But I'm afraid the process in which to get those four costumes will be a rather long and winding road…"Remus waited patiently as the gears turned slowly in his friends' heads. Suddenly, Sirius' face brightened, and he grinned widely."Moony, you might just be a genius," said Sirius, sliding off of his sofa. "Why didn't I think of that?"James and Peter eyed the others confusedly. "What –""Oh, nevermind, you two," said Remus impatiently, though his eyes were twinkling. "You really ought to get some help, if you haven't yet gotten it…""Help –?" James's eyes widened. "Oh – OH – Moony, you're brilliant, you are.""I don't get it," said Peter, his watery eyes squinting slightly. Sirius rolled his eyes."Don't be thick, Wormy, honestly –""Just leave him be," said Remus firmly. "We can work out the finer details with him later, Wormy can wait."The rest of the boys laughed, but Peter just stared at them, a bewildered look on his face."I still don't get it."On the afternoon of the 31st of October, James and Lily were standing in the middle of the Great Hall, now decorated as it usually was for Hallowe'en, waving their wands in a careful manner as dancing skeletons and cackling pumpkins soared through the air. They'd been excused from classes by Dumbledore and McGonagall to work on the festival, and it was really coming along well, if James said so himself.The four house tables had been decorated with jack-o-lanterns and jack-in-the-boxes and who knew what other jacks. The plan was to have the feast first; therefore, the house tables would be needed. After the feast, fourth-year students and older were permitted to stay in the Great Hall till midnight, in which the festival would officially end.James got on one of the tables, scanning the mass of unlit candles laid out on the floor. His mind flitted back to his first year, when he'd met Sirius, and when things seemed so much simpler. Smiling slightly, he swished his wand and flicked"Wingardium Leviosa!"The candles rose to the air, nearly reaching the ceiling."Nice touch," commented Lily. "But what if the wax falls on a student?"James shook his head mischievously. "I think you forget, Evans, that we're at Hogwarts. These are enchanted candles from Zonko's, they won't be waxing off anytime soon."Lily had no time to retort, for at that moment, the Great Hall's double doors opened and in strode Dumbledore, leading a group of six men, all with wild-looking hair, and all carrying bulging bags. The Weird Sisters!James jumped off of his table and hurried towards them, dragging Lily as he did so. Dumbledore smiled proudly as he surveyed the room. "The Great Hall looks spectacular! An excellent idea, to have floating candles. Perhaps we'll use them more often from now on.""Thanks, Professor," said James quickly, and then he turned to the man at the front of the group. "Myron Wagtail? Big fan."Myron Wagtail looked surprised, but he extended a hand to James, who grasped it excitedly. "Thanks, Potter. You don't know what it means, letting us play here.""Couldn't have asked anyone else," said James proudly. He gestured towards the dais that usually held the staff table. "You're going to be performing there, after the feast. We'll have a stage ready and everything.""Right," said Myron, nodding good-naturedly. His long hair bounced up and down as he moved his head.James felt Lily nudge him, and he looked at her confusedly before turning back to The Weird Sisters, now remembering. "Oh yeah, my friend here has a request, if it isn't much trouble?""Depends," said Myron, shouldering his bag. "What sort of request?""We were wondering," began James, "if you could play the Beatles as your closing act? Should round off the night in a memorable way, don't you think?""Everyone loves the Beatles," piped in Lily. "I guarantee that your popularity will skyrocket after this, Mr Wagtail.""I see," said Myron. He looked quite flustered to have been called 'Mr Wagtail' and turned to his bandmates. "Well, what do you say? Some good Muggle music to end our gig?""Why not?" said a pale-looking young man with short hair. "Should be fun."Dumbledore kept turning his head back and forth between the two parties, evidently surprised that they were friendly with each other."Well! It seems that you are all well acquainted, so I see no reason to make introductions," said Dumbledore, and he bowed to The Weird Sisters, who bowed back and shuffled off to prepare their gear. "Miss Evans, you must tell me more about this Beatles band that you are speaking of. I shall take my leave. I will be looking forward to tonight!""We'll see you, Professor," said James, inclining his head slightly. The Headmaster smiled and exited the Great Hall."I reckon we're done here," said Lily, eyeing her work one last time. "We should get back to the common room."A couple of hours later, James and the rest of the Marauders donned matching black suits and ties. Sirius had charmed sideburns onto his face, and Remus and Peter had both grown moustaches.James rubbed his hair with his dad's very own invention: Sleekeazy's Hair Potion, and, true to its saying, his hair softened and straightened."Come on, then," said Sirius, pushing the door open. "Can't wait to dance with Marls.""Tonight marks the fiftieth anniversary of Harry Houdini's death," boomed Dumbledore. "We celebrate him, for not only was he a great wizard, but because he managed to show a little part of our world to our Muggle brethren in a way that would become unforgettable for them. For Harry Houdini."James raised his glass of Butterbeer. The toast was repeated by the hundreds of students present in the Great Hall. "For Harry Houdini."It was his turn now to speak. Dumbledore stepped back, and suddenly the light turned to James."Sonorus," he muttered, pointing his wand at his throat. He cleared his voice, which sounded like an elephant trumpeting now, and addressed the students. "And now, ladies and gentlemen, for this evening's entertainment, I present – no, Fenwick, it's not who you think it is – THE WEIRD SISTERS!"There was a bang and smoke appeared on the stage; for a moment all was quiet, and James thought that something had gone wrong, but then he heard Myron Wagtail's suave voice. The students roared with glee and surged forwards to the stage.James caught Lily's eye and grinned. She looked very pretty in her robes: fine white silk that flowed flawlessly, and had been charmed with moving silver stars that travelled across the folds of her chiton. Her long red hair had been braided in a plait, held by a pin with a single crescent moon sticking out on top. He jerked his head towards the lonely refreshments area, and she followed him there."It's come along nicely, don't you think?" said James, gesturing at the Great Hall."Yeah," responded Lily, filling her glass of Butterbeer. "Your band isn't bad either, James.""Cheers." He drank from his cup. "I'm just glad it's over."Lily stepped back and surveyed him, smiling slightly. "Let me guess… John?"James sighed. He'd been mistaken for John twice that night – the other had been by Alice. "I'm Paul, actually. Sirius is John."He and Lily glanced over at the dance floor. James spotted Sirius dancing wildly with Marlene in his arms as The Weird Sisters played Holy Hydra. "But you have the glasses –""And Sirius has the sideburns," countered James, smirking. "I'm clean-shaven, see?""All right, fine," relented Lily, rolling her eyes. "Can you guess what I am, then, Paul?"James looked her up and down, stroking his clean-shaven chin thoughtfully. "Stars, the moon, a Greek dress… hard to get that wrong, isn't it? You're Artemis."Her smile told him he'd gotten that correct.They stood side-by-side, watching the others dance. Once or twice James cracked a silent joke, and they both laughed themselves silly. Soon, the Butterbeer turned into Firewhisky that he'd managed to snuggle in, and he shared it with Lily."We haven't fought in over a year now," remarked James suddenly, a while later. Lily looked up at him, surprised."Yeah," she smiled serenely. "D'you want to fight now?"James choked on his Firewhisky. "No thanks. I rather enjoy these moments alone with you, see.""Noted." James felt Lily reach out and squeeze his hand. "You're not so bad, Potter."James sincerely hoped that his palm wasn't sweating, because he sure felt like it was. His heart raced, and he whooped at the feeling of his hand clasped with Lily's.They joined their friends on the dance floor. He twirled Lily about, matching the upbeat tune that The Weird Sisters were playing. James and Sirius even danced together, roaring with laughter as they did so, and they both managed to pull Remus 'George Harrison' Lupin in to form a triplet. The Great Hall was less crowded now, and many of the students had left for bed or to take a night stroll out on the grounds.At a quarter till midnight, The Weird Sisters announced that they'd be playing a 'couple of Muggle songs', to which Lily squealed and dragged James off, presumably to dance. The Marauders shot him mischievous smirks that he only rolled his eyes at, and he lost sight of them in the crowd after that.The lights flickered, and Myron Wagtail stepped out in front, holding his microphone seductively. Professor Dumbledore and Professor Sprout danced tipsily off to the side, rotating slowly as Professor McGonagall cheered them on.To lead a better life...Lily guided him across the dance floor as though they were in a dream. James held on to her hand, his mind still fuzzy about the fact that this was actually happening, Lily Evans is willing to dance with me, she looks happy and I am happy…James waltzed with her, not caring that the others might be looking. At the moment, it was just him and Lily, no one else mattered, it was only her, her lemony scent, her dazzling smile and those enchanting emerald eyes that entranced him so…I want her everywhere…James agreed fully. He twirled Lily in his arms and pulled her close, their faces inches away from each other, and at that moment he felt the creature in his chest roar with approval. He felt as though every fibre of his being longed for her.Watching her eyes and hoping I'm there…Lily Evans's green eyes bore into his, a hard, blazing look on her face that told him that you're all right, after all, and I don't hate you, I never hated you, you stupid prat –Here, there, and everywhere.The song ended to raucous applause. James swore to himself right then and there – he'd always be there for the girl dancing in his arms, whether as friends or more, he'd always be there…James and Lily continued to sway slowly, their eyes glued to each other and smiles etched permanently on their faces. The candles above flickered dimly, and the last of the conjured bats vanished into smoke.The Weird Sisters started to play a slow, mellow tune, belonging neither to them or to the Beatles. It held few notes, but James felt as though it captured his emotions perfectly. He understood without having to think, he felt without reaching out, that this was right, this was so right… He pulled Lily closer, her warm body pressing up against his. He leaned down, smelling her sweet red hair, his hands tangling themselves in her locks, and he wished that this moment could last forever…"You're an excellent dancer," murmured Lily in his ear, leaning her head to his."You, too," said James softly.They moved back and forth slowly, tiny little steps that made the moment ever more delightful."We could elope," whispered James. "Just you and me…""Cheeky," breathed Lily, digging her hands into his hair, messing it up so that it was no longer neat and tidy. "And where would we go?"James nearly stepped on her foot.We. She hadn't rejected him. She hadn't recoiled, she hadn't scowled, and she hadn't said, in your dreams, Potter.I'm living a dream."I dunno," muttered James gruffly, revolving slowly. "I never thought I'd get this far…"Lily threw her head back and laughed. "Hogsmeade? After your match next week?""We, love," said James, resting his hands on her shoulders, "Can go anywhere you bloody well want."Lily smiled at him.Chapter 8! Or technically chapter 7, seeing as how I split the Plant the Truth chapters into two. In retrospect, I probably should have split this as well, as it's rather long.Disclaimer: The song I used here is Here, There and Everywhere by The Beatles! It's not my favourite song, that honour belongs to either In My Life or When I'm Sixty Four. I love The Beatles, their more popular songs are just so wholesome.Edit: I changed all the Marlons to Myrons. I do apologize, they're similar-sounding names and I didn't even realize at first. We can't have firsts-year Hufflepuffs becoming world-class rockstars, can we?Also, if any of you notice any sentences in which there aren't any periods, please let me know! I'll fix them right up. I noticed a few when I was reading through the already published chapter on the app, but I've since forgotten where they were and it's really a chore to read it all again. Read and Review, as always, and I hope you enjoy the chapter!

Chapter Eight: Quidditch WingThe next few days of November turned out to be some of the most memorable in Lily's life at Hogwarts, she came to realise. For one thing, it was Sirius's birthday on the 3rd, and she tossed him his present (a book on the greatest Muggle rock bands of the 20th century) as soon as she saw him at breakfast."Thanks, Lily," said Sirius, surprised. He ripped open the wrapping, squealed in a very unmanly-like manner once he saw the title, and flipped through the pages."I still can't believe you're eighteen," said Marlene, after pecking him on the cheek. "You act like a twelve-year-old."They had a good day after that. They all gathered in the Head's Tower after dinner, with Peter and Remus stumbling in a bit later laden with Firewhisky. Sirius roared with delight and passed around the drinks, taking two for himself."Here's to Padfoot, scion of House Black," said James sarcastically, holding up his bottle. "May he finally grow a pair and move out of my house, I'm starting to get real tired of him…""James, you wanker of a dog, you know you love me," mumbled Sirius, throwing an arm around him. "Here's to me!"The toast was repeated by the rest of their friends, and they laughed as Sirius declared his undying love for James.Another thing that made it quite memorable was that she'd finally had her girls' night with her previous dormmates, and they spent the time catching up on each others' lives.She didn't tell them about James. That was, she felt, much too private to share, and she wanted to keep it that way. Her moments of peace were few and far between, for, while nobody had heard what she and James had talked about at the Festival, they'd certainly seen them dance.Of course, it wasn't all bad. She and James hadn't touched on the subject just yet, but it was still there whenever they were alone in their common room – like some sort of erumpent waiting to explode.They'd been much more intimate as of late, with Lily reaching out and squeezing his hand whenever she felt stressed, and him reciprocating – but he always seemed to hold himself back, something that Lily didn't appreciate. She wanted to go out with him, she wanted to experience the feelings she'd felt that night at Hallow's Eve – and what better way than to snog the boy who'd caused them senseless?Sirius had apparently picked up on what had been going on, and once or twice she caught him eyeing her mischievously. She ignored him, as she always did, but it didn't stop her from having second thoughts – what if James wasn't interested anymore? What if, after all this time, she suddenly didn't seem to be worth all the trouble he'd put up with?Of course, she knew that that wasn't true. If anything, James was more enthusiastic these days, now that they'd finally gotten past the friends phase, but it raised more questions for her: what were they?More than friends, Lily had answered herself. More than friends… but not quite there yet.And when would they reach there?Lily sighed and stopped chewing her pork. All this thinking about James was bad for her.At that moment, the Head Boy in question sidled onto her bench, wearing a set of Quidditch robes, squeezing himself between Sirius and her; her heart skipped a beat, and her hands became clammy.James poked her gut. "Had a good day?"Lily flinched. That bastard knew she was ticklish down there. "Yes, thank you, Mister Tactless – you know how I feel about you doing that…""I know exactly how you feel," muttered James quietly, "Which is why I do it, of course."Lily resisted the urge to pinch him. I know exactly how you feel… was he doing this on purpose?"You haven't answered my question," said James, raising his finger threateningly."Don't do that," hissed Lily, forcing his hand down. "Fine, I had a good day. What does it matter?"James started piling his plate, seemingly satisfied with her answer. "It matters, love, because I care. Is that too much to ask?""No," said Lily haughtily, but she smiled all the same. "It'd help if you didn't bloody tickle me, though."James laughed through his mouthful of potatoes. "How else am I supposed to get a reaction out of you?"Lily bit back her tongue. He'd always known how to get a reaction out of her…Though, she recalled, it had certainly taken a long time to get the right reaction."Shouldn't you be practicing?" asked Lily, forgetting that James was wearing his Quidditch robes.James rolled his eyes. "What do you think I've been doing? I've been out on the pitch since noon.""Worked us to death, you have," said Marlene miffily from across them. "Mind you, I can't remember the last time my arse hasn't felt like it was moaning in pain…""Ah, cheer up, Marly," said James, flashing her a smirk that secretly made Lily's heart dance. "It'll be worth it once we win.""I think I value my health more, thanks," retorted Marlene."You know you love me," teased James good-naturedly. Marlene rolled her eyes and turned to talk to Alice.The rest of dinner passed quickly. James and Marlene were eating a lot more than usual, noted Lily. She'd already finished her food when they both swooped in, piling their plates once more, and eating as though they'd been Imperiused.At 9 o'clock she and James returned to the Head's Tower, with James talking about the Quidditch tactics he and Marlene had come up with. Lily always loved it when James talked about Quidditch. His hazel eyes always lit up and he spoke so enthusiastically it was hard not to share in his energy.Lily squeezed his hand and ruffled his hair and bid him good night, secretly disappointed that he hadn't kissed her once in all the time since Hallowe'en."You've got to eat, Prongs," said Sirius gently at the breakfast table, shoving a piece of toast under his nose. "You won't have any strength once you're up in the air.""I already ate yesterday, Pads," said James, feeling sick to the stomach. "I don't feel so good now.""Come on, Prongs, just a little bite," said Peter, offering him a bowl of Cheeri Owls.James pushed it all back, irritated. "I'm not hungry."Remus sighed. "Every year, Prongs. Do we have to do this every year? Just eat your sodding food."The others continued to persist, though James knew it was more to rile him up than to actually give him any food. One of the things that came with being a Marauder: everyone was always sarcastic."All right!" he said finally, taking Sirius's toast and dumping it into Peter's cereal. He stirred it with his spoon, and he ate it all in a single gulp."That's disgusting, James," said Remus absently from behind his newspaper. "Don't call us if you vomit over the Quidditch pitch."James pointedly ignored him."Anything interesting?" asked Peter, satisfied that James had eaten.Remus shook his head and folded his newspaper, turning to his plate of eggs. "Nope. Nothing about Theodore Plant or Voldemort. No attacks either, they've been keeping quiet.""We all know how that turned out last time," said James darkly.Remus shook his head again, an exasperated look on his face. "Prongs, the only thing I want you to think about is this match. You can't afford to be distracted by anything else.""Fine," said James, annoyed. He massaged his temples, trying to block out anything that wasn't a quaffle. "Have any of you seen Marlene? She's not here at breakfast.""She's probably already at the pitch," said Sirius vaguely. "Probably doesn't want to see you worked up, Prongs.""Right." James stood up, adjusting his Chaser's gloves. "I'll see you there, yeah?""Make sure you remind Regulus that his house is a pile of erumpent dung, all right James?" said Sirius, clapping him on the back."I'll try," responded James drily.He saw Lily and Alice leave the Great Hall. He hadn't talked to her all morning, except for their usual routine at the Head's Tower, and he so desperately wanted to…Convincing himself that he wasn't going to throw up on the pitch, he followed her out of the Great Hall.Lily walked down the path to the Quidditch Pitch with Alice. She hadn't seen Marlene at all that morning, who had gone straight to the locker rooms, Alice had informed her.And James… she was slightly disappointed that she hadn't seen him, either. He'd been in a hurry that morning at their Tower, and she was afraid that if she'd gone up to him during breakfast, he'd start panicking.That wasn't an overreaction. Lily remembered (quite fondly, now) how James had been before his first Quidditch match during their third year. He was just slightly more calm than a Hippogriff who'd been insulted.Alice babbled on about something or other, and Lily just agreed with whatever she said in-between her pauses of breath. They reached the gates to the pitch soon after.Even from outside, the stadium seemed to be very crowded. Flashes of green and crimson could be seen all around her; the colors for Slytherin and Gryffindor. She looked down at her measly red-and-orange scarf and sighed. She really could have done better in showing House pride.Just when she was about to enter with Alice, she felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned around and nearly choked.The Gryffindor Captain himself was smiling down at her, looking very good in his Quidditch robes, his hair as messy as ever and his hazel eyes twinkling brightly."Hi," said Lily breathlessly. Alice sighed, gave her one last knowing look, and entered the pitch. She could have sworn she saw her smile."Hi," breathed James, his words forming mist in the cold November morning. "I just… er, wanted to see you before I played.""That's good," said Lily. She mentally kicked herself. That's good?"Right," said James, smiling happily. "Well… wish me luck, yeah?"She matched his smile. "Good luck, Potter."James stepped back, ruffling his hair. He saluted her and turned away.She glanced around her. Most of the students had already entered the pitch, they were very much alone now. Nobody was there to see her.Lily stood rooted to the spot, staring at his retreating back, her heart racing so quickly it nearly ached.For once, she decided to listen to her feelings. Lily smiled again, more to herself than to anyone else, and raced after James."Oi, Potter!"James had no time to respond, for as soon as he turned around, Lily grabbed the front of his robes and pulled him closer, and kissed him.She felt James relax, she felt his lips open as they made contact, and they both sunk deeper into each other's arms. She released his robes and curled her fingers around his face, gripping tighter, inhaling in his scent that smelled so like the forest, not wanting to break apart, wanting this moment to last forever –Potter, she thought giddily. His lips were soft.But James pulled back, out of breath and his face very red. His arms were still holding her waist.James took her face in his hands, a huge grin breaking out. "Merlin, Evans, I –"A flash of light blinded her suddenly, and she covered her eyes as a familiar voice sounded, "Way to go, Prongs!"Lily whipped around, finding the Marauders behind her, all with identical grins plastered on their faces. Remus was holding a large camera that was spewing clumps of purple smoke from the top."Sod off, you lot," said James, his hand finding Lily's and squeezing it. "When did you get here, anyway?""Followed you as soon as you left the Great Hall," answered Sirius cheekily. "We'll save it for the parties, eh?"Lily rolled her eyes at them and turned back to James. "Don't mind them, they're parasites…""I can still hear you, Evans!""Fuck off, Black," she said heartily. She stepped back from James, a playful smile on her lips. She could still feel his presence lingering on them…"I should better go," muttered James, his hand trailing up to his hair. His blush still hadn't faded completely. "See you in the stands, Lils.""Go smash them, Potter," murmured Lily, giving him one last smile. "Stay safe.""Where've you been?" demanded Marlene furiously, "The game's about to start!""Sorry, Marls," said James, switching out his square spectacles for a pair of Chaser's goggles. "Got a bit carried away with your best mate…""What?""Never mind," said James quickly, seizing his Nimbus: One. "Ready? Let's go, then."The Gryffindor Quidditch Team marched out on to the pitch. The stands up above cheered and booed deafeningly. On one end of the stadium, a sea of red and gold decorated the stands; on the other, it was a mass of green and silver.James licked his finger and pointed it high in the air, feeling for the wind. There was a slight breeze, and the temperature was as cold as ever… but there wasn't a cloud in sight, and the sun shined warmly on his face as he basked in the feel of the upcoming match.James stepped up to Madam Hooch, who had her foot over the ball crate and was waiting to release them."Shake hands," she said, and James grasped Lucinda Talkalot's hand briefly. "Mount your brooms, and on the whistle. Three… two… one!"Madam Hooch blew the whistle, James and the others kicked off hard from the ground, and in no time they were up in the air."Aaaand they're off!" cried the voice of the announcer, 5th-year Hufflepuff Julius Ainsley. "The Quaffle is taken by Salley, he immediately drops it to Johnson – he fumbles and it's taken by Hamish Greene, Greene's about to pass – intercepted by Salley –"James raced forwards, letting Harley and Paris Salley take hold of the Quaffle; he was all clear, and Salley hurled it towards his end; he lunged for it, grasping the Quaffle with the tips of his fingers; he streaked past Sigmund Dijkstra, the Slytherin Beater; taking aim, he pulled back, he shot, and he let fly –"GRYFFINDOR SCORE!" bellowed Julius. "Ten-nil to Gryffindor!"James pumped his fist into the air, scanning the stands, and there he saw her – Lily, sitting with all of their friends, cheering him on –He could still feel the taste of her lips on his. James grinned, turning back to the pitch."Slytherin in possession – bludger to the head by Hector Salley, that's gotta hurt – Quaffle taken by Talkalot, who passes to Greene – he speeds up to the goal post, can Bonham save – yes he can! Gryffindor in possession, is that the Wollongong Shimmy I see? Johnson to Potter, Potter speeds up – ouch, a bludger to his arm – Gryffindor still in possession, it's Salley, Salley all the way – he shoots –"James watched on with bated breath, but the Slytherin Keeper blocked it, earning a collective groan from one end of the stands. James shook his arm and grit his teeth."Pull back! Nice try, Paris, you'll get them next time…"The match went on. Gryffindor scored six more goals, three of which had been by James, while Charles Bonham had only let in a single Quaffle. James was quite pleased with the way this was going, if they kept this up they were sure to win…James passed the Quaffle over to Paris, who ducked under the bludger sent by Avery and dropped the ball to Harley. Harley passed up to James, who outflew his own set of bludgers and warped around Albina Aurelius, the Keeper – he tossed it through the hoop, though his aim had been a bit wonky –"Potter scores! Eighty-ten to Gryffindor!"James raced up into the air, feeling exhilarated, and he laughed like a madman – this was easy, they were sure to win –WHAM!Pain immediately erupted from the back of his head – he lurched forwards on his broom –THUMP!Another strike, this time to his side – he slipped off, his fingers gripping the handle – they couldn't hold his entire weight and he could feel his strength waning –"THAT WAS DELIBERATE!" bellowed McGonagall into the megaphone, pushing Julius out of the way. "ROLANDA, SURELY –""Have fun, Potter," spat Avery in his ear. James didn't respond, he couldn't respond, his head felt like it was about to explode, pain came at him from every direction, and his ribs felt as though they'd cracked...A hand wrapped around his waist, pulling him down gently; they descended down, Marlene gripping onto his robes tightly – James felt his feet touch the ground and he collapsed on the cold grass.He might have passed out for a moment, but then his eyes fluttered open – Madam Hooch had her wand pointed to him, looking worried – he saw Marlene and the rest of the team gathered around him in a circle."Are you all right, James?" asked Marlene.James sat on his elbows, lifting a hand up to touch the back of his head. "I guess – what happened?""Avery attacked you," said Hector Salley bitterly. "Right after you'd scored. He flew up and hit you with his bat. He's being suspended by Professor McGonagall."Marlene held out a hand, and James grasped it tightly. "Are you sure you're all right?""I'm fine, Mary," said James, shaking his head. It was clearing now, he could see his fingers again. "In the air, everyone, let's go."Marlene glanced at the others, who shrugged helplessly.James flew around the pitch in a dazed heap, oblivious to what the Gryffindor stands below looked like.Lily was beside herself, screeching and hurling insults at the Slytherins – but it was nothing compared to Sirius. He looked livid."I'm going to kill him," snarled Sirius, "Avery's going to pay…"Remus and Peter stayed silent behind him; if anything, they agreed.The match went on for ten more minutes, by which time Slytherin had steadily added to their number of goals."Eighty-sixty, to Gryffindor," said Julius half-heartedly, to groans from the Gryffindors. "Professor, Potter doesn't look so good, maybe he should rest – BLACK AND MCKINNON RACE UP, THEY'VE SEEN THE SNITCH!"His voice suddenly took on an energized and excited tone; and everyone momentarily forgot about James, who was still flying around in slow loops –"Come on, Marls," muttered Sirius, his eyes darting between his best mate and his girlfriend, "End it now…"Marlene sped forth, neck-to-neck with Regulus Black – the Snitch preceded them, darting around erratically – the two Seekers zoomed across the stadium, their arms stretched out –They dived. Marlene knocked Regulus's hand out of the way and her fingers grasped the tiny golden ball, and she pulled out of her dive just before she hit the ground – she raised her hand, holding the fluttering snitch, bellowing like a banshee."AND MCKINNON'S GOT THE SNITCH!" screamed Julius excitedly, "TWO-HUNDRED AND THIRTY TO SIXTY, GRYFFINDOR SLAM SLYTHERIN SIX FEET UNDER!"As soon as the Snitch had been caught, James spiralled to the ground and collapsed. Marlene immediately descended, her first-aid Quidditch training kicking in. She handed the Snitch to Madam Hooch and dismounted her broom, running up to James.Lily and Sirius had already jumped from the stands on to the pitch, wearing equal expressions of worry, and were hoisting James up on a conjured stretcher."Marls, can you get his legs?" grunted Sirius, his face very white. "We're taking him to the Hospital Wing."As a single unit, they marched off, carrying an unconscious Quidditch Captain.James woke up several hours later, lying on a comfortable bed surrounded by cards and boxes covered in wrapping paper. He raised his head groggily.He blinked, looking around. The sky outside was indigo streaked with crimson. The last rays of the sun shined out from behind the mountains. To his right, two people sat on chairs, leaning on each other, sleeping soundly.James slumped back on his bed, causing the various boxes to rattle and shake. His head felt strangely heavy; he raised a hand and felt a stiff wrapping of bandages.Sirius woke with a start. He and James stared at each other, and then he nudged Lily awake."Hullo, Prongs," said Sirius, standing up and stretching his limbs.James felt around his side; there were bandages there too, and there was the unmistakable feeling of having had his bones repaired quickly."What happened?""Cracked skull and broken ribs," said Madam Pomfrey, bustling over and holding a piece of parchment. "Some of your bones ledged themselves into your brain, Potter, but I managed to pull them back. Nothing to worry about now.""That sounds like something to worry about," muttered James, feeling the back of his head. "Did I fall or something? I don't remember –"Madam Pomfrey glanced at Sirius and Lily pointedly and left his bed."Well, you see, Prongs," started Sirius slowly. "Avery sort of… bashed your head in.""Ever the tactful one, Sirius," muttered Lily. She pulled her chair closer to his bed and sat down. "You were really badly hurt, James.""No kidding," said James sarcastically. "Did we win?""Marlene caught the snitch a few minutes after you were hit," said Sirius, a note of suppressed pride in his voice. "We won two-hundred and thirty to sixty."James let out a sigh of relief he didn't know he'd been holding. "Brilliant. Tell her that I actually love her now, will you, Padfoot?""I'll be sure to send her your messages," said Sirius pompously, standing up. His eyes wandered from James to Lily, and he winked at her. "I'll leave you two alone now. See you later."And he left. James reached out and found Lily's hand, and he massaged his thumb over it. She gripped it tightly.She had a white brassard on her left arm, noticed James. Stitched to it was a red cross, the symbol for St Mungo's."You volunteer for the Hospital Wing?" asked James, surprised."Yep," she said. "Been volunteering since fifth year. Looks good on my application."They sat in silence, fully enjoying the warm of their hands clasped together."I guess this means our Hogsmeade trip is cancelled," said James gloomily. "I was so looking forward to it…"Lily looked at him, an incredulous look on her face. "Honestly, James, I'm just glad you're OK. Forget Hogsmeade.""It was supposed to be our first date," lamented James. He froze suddenly, his eyes wide. "Er… you haven't changed your mind, have you? Would make things a whole lot more awkward…"Lily laughed and squeezed his hand. "No, I haven't changed my mind."James let out another sigh. "That's a relief."James leaned back in his pillows, watching the sun set and the sky darken. Madam Pomfrey bustled about in her office, humming absently. James found himself tapping along to her tune."What is this, by the way?" he asked Lily, after a short pause, gesturing around at all the cards and presents that surrounded him."They're gifts, of course," she sniffed, looking slightly irritated. "From your fans," she added to his questioning look."I have fans?" James asked incredulously. "Blimey – what'd they send?"He saw Lily's face in the corner of his eye and laughed. "Honestly, Lil, don't take it the wrong way."James reached for the box closest to him – it had been sent by one Marlon Abernathy. Sharing a smile with Lily, he opened the present.He found a light-blue box of black cookies. He didn't recognize the name of the brand, and he glanced quizzically up at Lily."They're Oreos," explained Lily, taking the box from his hands and ripping it open, "They're these sort of chocolate cookies with cream in them. Try one, they're really good."James took one from the box and nibbled it. It tasted pretty nice; he'd never had anything quite like this before. In no time the box of Oreos had been emptied by the both of them.James kept opening his presents – some of them were cards that Lily read aloud to him, sniggering – others were boxes of Valentine's Day chocolates ("It's not even Valentine's Day, they should try harder," he'd complained) that he was too afraid to open: he feared that they'd been injected with love potion.Finally, he came to the one labelled From the Marauders, with love. Looking at it suspiciously, he glanced at Lily, who sighed, and unwrapped the box with her wand.It was one of those photo boxes that James had seen his mother use to stash her precious photographs. James opened it cautiously and found a single square image.It was the picture that Remus had taken that morning before the Quidditch match. As he watched, Lily pulled him by his robes and kissed him; he saw his face change from confusion to alarm, and then to shock – before finally it set to an expression of blissful relaxation and he deepened the kiss.James and Lily smiled and closed the photo box.Finally got around to writing Jily. Read and Review, and I hope you enjoy the chapter!

A word to clarify everyone: I uploaded the wrong file by mistake, and just realized a few hours ago. I was very sleepy, and wasn't meant to update at all, but for some reason a part of me thought it was a good idea to stay up at night and click things withouth thinking. I'm very sorry, thank you to one of the reviews that pointed it out, chapter 10 is longer than the previous version and I'm somewhat satisfied by it now. Chapter 11 is still being written; I haven't finished it yet but I will soon. Again, I'm very sorry to everyone who was bothered by this.Chapter Nine: HogsmeadeNews that James Potter was going out with Lily Evans seemed to interest a great many people at Hogwarts. He did nothing to quell the rumours – they were, after all, true – but he didn't exactly advertise it either, something that Lily seemed to appreciate.James left the Hospital Wing after a single night, which was a new record, he mused to himself. Lily and Sirius escorted him down to breakfast, filling him in on what he'd missed at the usual afterparty (Remus had gotten himself so drunk he'd tried to kiss McGonagall after she'd told them off)."And what'd McGonagall say?" asked James, trying not to laugh as the image formed in his mind."Oh, you know," smirked Lily, "Something along the lines of Mr Lupin get a hold of yourself this instant or I will be giving you a detention.""She's lying, mate," whispered Sirius loudly as they turned into a first-floor corridor. "McGonagall sort of screamed at him. Moony hasn't looked the same since."They entered the Great Hall's double doors and sat themselves down at the Gryffindor table. Peter was comforting Remus, who was looking sulky and depressed (well, more so than usual, conceded James) as he stabbed his pancakes with surprising vindictiveness. James thought he saw McGonagall flash his friend a warning look when she strode past them, and he bit his tongue to keep from laughing as Remus hid behind his pile of food. All that day he seemed to be avoiding McGonagall's eye, and still looked quite embarrassed by that evening when the 7th-year Gryffindors sat by the fire in the Gryffindor common room, working on their Defence Against the Dark Arts essay. They were still on dragons, even though it was early November.The next ten minutes were filled by Lily's voice as she read her essay aloud to them, by which time James was starting to feel quite sleepy. His hand ached from writing so much and he had to ask Lily to repeat a few times."What was that, Lils?"Lily glared at him. "As I've said for the third time now, James, dragon chicks usually start to breathe fire at the age of six months…"And so the night went on. After they were finished with their dragon essays, Lily insisted they work on their Animation Charms, to which most of their little group groaned. She gave them all the evil eye, and James, resigned, took out his wand.A weeping table, a shivering window and a carpet that danced the Salsa later, James and Remus left the common room to patrol the school."I'm not entirely sure this will work, Pads," murmured Remus on Wednesday night, eyeing his fellow Marauder uneasily."Nonsense, Moony, of course this'll work," said Sirius impatiently, scanning the Marauder's Map.They stood just out of sight of the Slytherin common room, hiding under James's Invisibility Cloak, waiting for Avery to come walking by them. According to the Map, he was alone in Slughorn's office, and, in Sirius's opinion, very, very vulnerable. He wished Wormtail were there with them, but he was sleeping soundly in the dormitory, and Sirius wasn't one to wake people up."Remind me again what James said about this?" asked Remus.Sirius waved a hand idly. "He didn't say anything. I didn't tell him."Remus glared at him. "Padfoot, you take his Invisibility Cloak without his permission, and now you're telling me he doesn't know about this?""As far as I'm concerned, it's our Invisibility Cloak now," said Sirius."That's not the point!"Sirius glanced back at his friend, exasperated. "Moony, Avery's in detention for attempted murder. The murderee also happens to be James, in case you've forgotten…""I haven't forgotten," said Remus crossly. "I just think that fighting violence with violence isn't the best way to resolve this."He rolled his eyes. "Well, you can go back to the dormitory, then. I'm doing this – with or without your help."Remus glared at him some more. "Padfoot, I hate to do this, but I'm going to –""Take points?" said Sirius, smirking. "Put me in detention? I've heard it all before, Moony. I don't care. Now shut up, Avery's exiting Slughorn's office…"He grabbed Remus by the hand and pulled him forwards; they crossed the hallway and hid behind a broom cupboard. If he strained his ears hard enough, he could just make out Avery's loud footsteps.He appeared right then, hurrying out of the corridor. Sirius whispered, "Mischief managed!" and the Map became blank; he stuffed it inside his robes and turned to Remus."Are you doing this or not?"Remus sighed resignedly and pulled out a box of Dungbombs. "James is going to kill us.""Nevermind James, McGonagall will have both of our heads…"They crept through the dark stone floors of the dungeon, under the cover of the Invisibility Cloak. Right as Avery rounded the corner, Sirius struck; lobbing Remus's Dungbombs straight at Avery's exposed back.The smell was something in between the world's largest supply of Stinksap and Severus Snape's greasy hair in the morning; it was nothing strange to Sirius, but all the same, he didn't enjoy it in the slightest. Avery yelped, turning around quickly and clawing at his robes, but before his voice could rise to a scream, Remus shot a silent "Silencio!" at him.Avery opened his mouth and closed it repeatedly, looking very much like a fish out of water. His wild movements, coupled by the smell of Dungbombs, caused him to trip over his robes and crash to the ground. Sirius and Remus took off the Invisibility Cloak, grim smiles on their faces, towering over Avery."I'd say a tribute to Prongs is fitting, don't you think?" said Sirius, already knowing what spell to curse him with."I still don't agree with violence," said Remus.Together, they pointed their wands at the cowering Slytherin, and exclaimed, "Anteoculatia!"Avery's eyes widened as his head became suddenly heavy; two pairs of antlers sprouted right above his ears, growing quickly as he uttered silent screams. They lengthened and widened, eventually outgrowing even those of Prongs's, and he lay on the ground, unable to move his head."How do you feel now, Moony?" asked Sirius."A bit better," admitted Remus, his wand still pointed at Avery. "I think if we stuck around a little longer, I'd be feeling golden… for the purpose of revenge, of course…""Spoken like a true Marauder," said Sirius, and he grinned broadly as both boys turned their full attention to Avery, who now resembled an overgrown faun."Did you lot have anything to do with the fact that Avery's in the hospital wing?" asked James at breakfast the next morning, eyeing the Marauders suspiciously. "Madam Pomfrey says he looks, and I quote, nothing less than a slimy, oozing gigantic slug with two pairs of overgrown antlers."Sirius shrugged easily, which further confirmed James's suspicions. "Who knows? He can't remember what happened, at least that's what I heard from the Slytherins…"Lily glared at him. "Sirius, you know that Memory Charms are forbidden. I'm going to have to take points –""Don't bother," interrupted Remus, not quite meeting her eyes. "There's no way of proving that it was us – I mean," he added hastily, as Lily scowled dangerously at him, "that it was Sirius."James watched his friends amusedly, trying not to laugh as the image of a stag-slug hybrid formed in his mind. "You're right, Moony, there isn't. In fact, I'd like to thank the people that did this – I mean, they've done us all a huge favour. I think a round of Firewhisky is in order… if, hypothetically, we find them, of course…""James!" admonished Lily, as Remus and Sirius laughed. "Don't tell me that you're going to let them get away with this!""Personally, love, I don't see the problem," said James, shooting her a smile. "I mean, he did bash my head in with a Beater's club.""But –"James silenced her with a kiss. Lily, surprised, tried to look cross, but when he pulled away she appeared quite flustered."Fine," said Lily resignedly, turning to her morning cereal. "I guess, due to the special circumstances, I'll let this slip…""There we go," said James proudly.On Friday morning, the Gryffindors found a surprise waiting for them pinned to the noticeboards: tomorrow on Saturday would be a Hogsmeade weekend."Finally," said Sirius as he read the notice from over Peter's head, "I thought they'd forgotten, we usually get them much earlier…"The rest of the day passed quickly. James and Sirius exploded their cauldron during that morning's potion's lesson, causing Professor Slughorn to take 10 points off of Gryffindor. They more than made up for it by receiving full marks on their Transfiguration quiz after, finding it ridiculously easy, though James kept that information to himself.Lily, meanwhile, was improving drastically in the subject, now that James had taken to tutoring her nearly nightly. She had, however, in a move James thought rather unfair, firmly insisted on separating their personal relationship from their school and work relationships, saying that it would get in the way and overcomplicate everything."Just get on with it, James," she said impatiently that evening after dinner, "I still don't understand this bit, or so help me…""Things would be going a lot faster if you'd just start calling me Professor, like I asked you to," said James vaguely.Lily responded by smacking him with her textbook.By the time they were finished, however, they did not go to bed, though he desperately wanted to, but opened their books and began working on their Herbology essays. Rather than leave it for the weekend, they'd decided on finishing it all together. The ridiculous amount of work that they were tasked with had finally caught up to them, and though he knew that it was partially his fault for holding them back during their long tutoring sessions, Lily didn't hold it against him. They then dashed off answers to Hedith's questions on Lethifolds, put together an explanation as to why even numbers were considered horrible luck in their Arithmancy paper, and finally threw down their quills, exhausted."I'm going to bed," yawned Lily. "Come on then, we need to sleep…""Can't," said James, rubbing his eyes. "I've still got an essay for Binns that I haven't turned in.""All right," she murmured. "Don't stay up too late, James…"She kissed him on the cheek and left for her room. James smiled to himself and extricated a crumpled roll of parchment from his bag.Merlin, this was turning out to be much more than what he bargained for. He'd thought that he'd be able to balance his life between being Quidditch Captain and Head Boy, but now – he realized that no sane person would be able to do that. Maybe he should leave it for tomorrow. It was the weekend, after all, but he didn't want to ruin a perfectly good day after being out at Hogsmeade. Relaxation had become a foreign concept to him.Time passed slowly as he looked over his essay. His head began to ache, though he wasn't sure if it was because of the lack of sleep or because Binns had set them a ridiculously hard topic. James listened to the crackling sound of the dying embers in the fireplace for a while. It reminded him of his bed, waiting longingly for him…He shook his head, realizing that he'd zoned out. At last, he began to write his essay.He was finding it very difficult to write about 'a detailed description on the history of dragon-sighting, and how it connects to the goblin rebellions of the fifteenth century', and the textbook Binns had recommended to him was of no help at all. Soon his hand was sore, though he hadn't written much. He looked up now and again to stare out the window; it had begun snowing that morning, something that he was not looking forward to braving at Hogsmeade. Everything seemed to get louder at that instant: his own heartbeat, beating rhythmically with the sound of the crackling fireplace; the wind blowing against the tower, making it sound as though the Bloody Baron was moaning outside…He shook his head again.… Vulhook the Vicious tried to convince his goblin tribe, Slordict, to take action against the dragons that were rampaging their land, but the chieftain was too afraid, because that would incite a war with the Wizarding community due to his standing –The fireplace finally darkened, and James had to light it with his wand. The common room was feeling unusually cold. He gazed at his textbook, trying to find what the chieftain's stupid standing with the Ministry was. He'd just read over it; why was finding it so difficult now?James closed his eyes. Perhaps Lily was right, and he needed to sleep. He wasn't doing himself any favours staying up like this…No, he thought. Just get this finished, then you'll go to sleep.He opened his eyes and scanned through the book once more; at last, he found it. The Chieftain, Valerook, had offended humans by seizing their land and claiming it as the goblins'; in doing so, he'd released the dragons, who protected the humans…James wrote a couple of lines about the goblin's land, trying to stretch out the words so that he would reach the expected length. He read over what he'd written, and in his mind he saw Lily laughing; it was dreadful.He closed his eyes again, trying to envision himself as Vulhook the Vicious convincing his chieftain to fight… he remembered something about how mermaids had come to help him…The clock to his right said that it was nearing one in the morning, he really should get to sleep…One, he thought, slowly swaying on the spot. Only one mermaid had come to help him…The background sounds were starting to fade. Even the wind had slowed to a slight breeze. He closed his eyes, giving up on his textbook as all around him the noises that had kept him awake slowly turned into one, clinking sound…He was standing on the black floor of a well-furnished manor house, its silver chandeliers swinging and clinking purposely overhead, covering the room in dim, flickering light… murky, black-hooded shapes moved about, forming a sort of circle surrounding him and one other thing. He had a body, transparent and luminescent, and he moved freely, but the shapes took no notice; he was invisible to them. He looked to his side and found a… a statue? James couldn't tell. It lay motionless and kneeling on the ground, as if it was bowing to something or someone…"They are here, my Lord," said one of the figures, her voice harsh and feminine. "Those that I spoke of to you… I have brought them to see…""Very good," said another voice in front of him, this one high and cold. "They shall witness… and they shall decide…"James froze. He didn't know why, but the second voice sounded… he couldn't put the right words.Then, the statue in the middle screamed; with a jolt that nearly woke him up, he realized that it was not a statue, but a man – a wave of emotion passed over him, and through his dream James winced; it was as though he could feel the pain the screaming man was going through…"No more, please no more…"The second voice laughed. It was cold and emotionless; without mirth. It was a laugh of pure malice, and James knew somehow that it had been practiced and perfected, as though the speaker didn't understand human emotion, and was only mimicking…He bent down to help the man, but his hands passed right through. He glanced down at his feet and found that he was floating. There was nothing he could do but watch…No more, thought James desperately. Please wake me… Lily or Sirius or anybody… "How long, Theodore?" hissed the cold voice. "How long will your filthy blood endure the magic of Lord Voldemort?""Kill me, please just kill me…""Eventually, I shall," said the voice of Lord Voldemort. "Before death takes you, however, I have plans for you… you, Theodore, shall be the beacon that shines in the darkness of the wizarding world."The figures surrounding them nodded and murmured excitedly. The man in the middle raised his head. His face was bloody and gaunt, and through his curtain of silver hair, James could see his bright green eyes were wet with tears, looking like broken glass…Voldemort stepped forwards and lowered his wand. The man screamed and screamed, and the dream faded –The blazing white common room stung and watered his eyes as he opened them quickly. He gave a slight yelp and jumped on the couch; he hit his knee on the table and cursed.His heart was beating a million times a second. That dream… he had just witnessed Voldemort torture and possibly kill a man…In the dream, a voice had said that they had 'brought him', whatever that meant. The fact that he had been there was not random. He had been chosen.He massaged his temples, trying to make sense of what he had just seen. He was being targeted; of that much, he was at least certain. The reason why, he had no idea…"James?"A voice, warm and gentle, made him jump again. He glanced up, towards the stairs that led to the Heads' dorms, and found a blurry redhead leaning against the railing, wearing pyjamas and slippers.He let out a sigh of relief. "Lily. What's wrong?"She made her way down the stairs, looking ever-more angelic as she neared him. His glasses had slipped off; he felt around the sofa and put them on."I was going to ask you the same thing," murmured Lily, sitting down next to him. "Is everything all right? I heard noises.""It was nothing," James assured her, "What time is it, anyway?""It's three in the morning, but don't change the subject." She narrowed her eyes at him. "What's going on?""I told you, it's nothing," said James again. "Just a nightmare, that's all.""A nightmare?" asked Lily, her voice curious, "Do you want to talk about it?"She took his hand in hers hesitantly. Lately, that had been a sign of reassurance for them both; the feel of her warm palms relaxed him somewhat, and he felt some of the weight in his chest ease…He looked at her for a moment, trying to decide whether or not to convey his thoughts to her. He recalled seeing Voldemort and some of his followers. He knew that was important, but the memory of the dream was already murky…James looked at her again. He didn't want to worry her. After all, they were just dreams, and not visions or anything…"No, not really," he decided. "Maybe later, Lils.""James, you know you can tell me," said Lily gently.He clasped her palm with both of his hands, trying to convey to her that he was all right. "I know. I just don't want you worrying."Or maybe I don't want myself worrying.She arched an eyebrow. "You wake up from a nightmare looking as though you took a dip in the black lake, and you tell me not to worry?"For a moment, he had no idea what she was talking about, but then he looked down at his clothes; he had taken off his robes earlier, leaving him clad in just a plain white t-shirt. He hadn't noticed it before, but he was caked in sweat."Good point." James laughed shakily, trying to push the embarrassment out of his mind. "Look, let's just enjoy ourselves today. We're going to Hogsmeade, aren't we?"Lily let go of his hand and eyed him stonily. "James Potter, if something's bothering you, I want you to tell me. A relationship is built on trust. We won't be getting anywhere if we keep secrets from each other."And James felt an immense pang of guilt at those words. His life flashed before his eyes; what if Lily, once he'd gotten around to telling her… what if she didn't take to his Animagus form well? What if she didn't take to any of his secrets well?Well, he thought, silence and secrecy are old friends of mine…But James tried for a smile. "I know, Lily. I just need some time to process this by myself, all right?"Lily nodded in a final sort of way. "Just tell me. I want to know. Maybe I can help.""I will," promised James. They both stood up.Lily looked him up and down, perhaps noticing how baggy his eyes were and how his hair was messier than usual. He certainly felt like it was."Now go to sleep, or I'll be forced to stay in the castle with you and miss out on Hogsmeade.""You'd do that for me?" teased James.Lily stood on her toes and kissed him. "Maybe. I'll see you later, after you've gotten a good night's sleep. Good morning, James."She guided him to his room and left him there. James smiled briefly to himself before his thoughts strayed back to his dream. The sound of Voldemort's voice was already fading…He got down to breakfast with Lily after a less-than-stellar night's sleep, wearing his usual winter clothes, as well as a black cloak fastened around his shoulders and a red-and-gold Gryffindor scarf wrapped around his neck. He sat down next to Peter, who was doing that morning's edition of the Daily Prophet's crossword."James, who's the unkillable giant?" asked Peter as soon as he finished grabbing his toast.James started. "I'm sorry, what was that, Wormy?""The unkillable giant," inquired Peter, gesturing at his crossword. James squinted at it."Er, I dunno, Pete," admitted James. "I've never been good at history. Maybe Alcyoneus?"Peter bent down to write the word. "Alcyoneus. That'll be A-L-S-Y –""A-L-C-Y," corrected James. "You know, that bloke with the club.""Hey, that fits!" Peter scribbled the letters. "Thanks, Prongs.""No problem," said James. He spent the rest of breakfast helping Peter with the crossword, which they finished in record time, and when the clock struck ten o'clock the students in the Great Hall all got up and shuffled towards the oak front doors.Filch was standing there as usual, checking off the names of people who had permission to go into Hogsmeade. When he reached James and the rest of the Gryffindors, he gave them all a nasty look and reluctantly let them pass.The walk into Hogsmeade was cold and uncomfortable. James pulled his cloak tighter around his body, trying to keep himself warm. He cursed himself silently as they followed the path; he'd forgotten to wear gloves, and now he was paying the price. It got better once he reached the village; the place was bustling with so many students that the cold was slightly more bearable.His mind strayed to thoughts about his earlier nightmare as he was pulled by Lily through the crowd. He could barely recall anything about it now, just that Voldemort had been there. That cold, high voice terrified him. James had heard it say something to the man… something about shining a light?Lily pulled him into Honeydukes, where they found the place crowded as usual. James let out a sigh of relief as the warm, toffee-scented air enveloped him. His hands no longer felt as though they were about to fall off.While Lily and Alice busied themselves with Sugar Quills and Drinkable Ink, James and the rest of the group went further back into the store, where the real sweets were. He treated himself to a pound of Honeydukes' Best. He decided to send his dad a whole jar of Cockroach Clusters as a joke, to which Sirius laughed in agreement. His eyes landed on a particular brand of treacle fudge that Lily had once said she liked during one of their patrols.Soon, they all trudged up High Street, carrying bulging bags of candy and chocolate. They hurried into Zonko's, with James pulling a reluctant Lily behind him; he renewed his supply of Dungbombs and fireworks."Shall we go to Three Broomsticks, then?" asked Alice. "I'm meeting someone there.""Who?" asked Peter curiously.Alice only smiled. "You'll see."They bundled their scarves back over their faces and James stuffed his hands into his pockets. Zonko's was like dragon-breath compared to the temperature outside. The weather was getting worse and worse, and the falling sleet didn't seem to be stopping any time soon. The street was still crowded, though less so, now that some of the students had admitted defeat against the cold. James and the others staggered into the Three Broomsticks.It was not as crowded as James usually remembered. There were few students, which he found quite odd. There were queer people about; many wore robes that hooded and disguised them. Off to the corner, he saw a witch sit up straighter as the door jingled; she was wearing a cloak that appeared to be many sizes too big for her. He had no time to think on that, though; Alice immediately made a beeline for one of the tables, where a lone figure was sat sipping a bottle of Butterbeer."Frank!"The man started and squinted in their direction. When he spotted Alice, a huge smile appeared on his face and he jumped up to hug her. James and the others moved through the crowd to get to the couple."Longbottom," said James once they'd reached them, extending his hand."Potter," said Frank, smiling good-naturedly, and he shook his hand. "I hear you're taking after me. Head Boy! Decided to settle down in your old age, eh?""Fat chance," laughed James, pulling up a chair for Lily. They all sat down at the table and Madam Rosmerta hurried over to take their orders. Sirius immediately started to talk to her, and Marlene rolled her eyes."So, how've you been, Frank?" asked James. He set his bags down near his feet."Oh you know," said Frank airily, "What with Auror training and all that, I haven't had much free time. Still managed to convince Mad-Eye to give me a few days off, though.""Mad-Eye Moody?" asked Remus interestedly. "He's your boss?""Yep," said Frank, popping the 'p'. "Complete nutter, I tell you. Doubt he could settle down like you, James."Alice leaned over and whispered something in Frank's ear. His face immediately lit up in surprise, and he turned back to him and Lily."You two are going out?""Frank!" admonished Alice, hitting his shoulder lightly. "I didn't tell you so that you could bombard them with questions!""Yes, but even so…" Frank smiled proudly at James. "Potter, I must congratulate you. Never thought I'd see the day.""Thanks," muttered James, and he leaned back and snaked an arm around Lily. "Honestly, neither did I.""It was bound to happen eventually," said Lily teasingly. She leaned her head on his shoulder.At that moment, Madam Rosmerta and Sirius returned to their table, carrying a handful of Butterbeers. James accepted his with a wink from Rosmerta, who eyed him and Lily knowingly."Well, here's to Gryffindor," said Frank lazily, holding up his second bottle. "And to James and Lily, I suppose.""Hear, hear!" said the table, clinking their bottles together.The atmosphere was light and cheerful; everybody was happy to see Frank again. He'd aided the Marauders a number of times in their ways of pranking and mischief-making, and he didn't stop even when he was made Head Boy. He announced proudly that James was indeed taking after him, and called another round of drinks once they'd emptied their bottles.James drowned out the others and snuggled up to Lily, fully appreciating the fact that she was here with him, as his date and girlfriend. Here they were, enjoying Butterbeer with a couple of old friends, and they had eyes for only each other…So why did he get the feeling that something was going to go horribly wrong?His thoughts drifted off to his nightmare. The memory was dim and he couldn't remember what Voldemort sounded like, much less what he had been talking about. He tried to shake the feeling off; he shouldn't be feeling like this, he should be enjoying himself…"What's on your mind?" asked Lily, her face morphing into a worried expression as she looked up at him.Despite his thoughts, he smiled exasperatedly. "How do you do that? You always know when something's bothering me."Lily found his hand and squeezed it. "Your face scrunches up and you get this cute look. And also, because I know you."James wanted to say, and you like me anyway?Instead, he answered her. "Just thinking about this morning, before you woke me up…""Is it the nightmare?" asked Lily, her voice laced with alarm, and she sat up. "James, you're telling me now. If something's bothering you –""It's fine," James cut her off. "I'm just getting this weird feeling…""Go on," urged Lily."Like something's going to happen," said James slowly. "Something dangerous.""Dangerous?" asked Lily incredulously. "It can't be – him?"James wondered how she'd come to that conclusion so quickly. "Maybe. I don't know. Then again, perhaps it's nothing, and I'm just worrying for naught…""You think we should go back to school?" asked Lily, drumming her fingers along his hand nervously. "If you've got a feeling – we could shut the place down, tell everybody to go back.""I –""Guys." Alice cut him off swiftly, a little smile spread across her lips. "I hate to burst you out of your little world, but Frank needs you two to be quiet. He's going to take a call.""Sure," said Lily, grinning sheepishly. "Sorry, Frank.""Don't worry about it," said Frank, winking at James. "This'll just take a moment…"He took a small black piece of metal from under his coat and put it up to his ear. "Mad-Eye? It's Frank."James watched him, holding his breath as Frank blanched."Are – are you sure?" said Frank. The rest of the table was very quiet, and the atmosphere in the Three Broomsticks seemed to mimic them.A tiny voice spoke from the black piece of metal. Frank's face fell. James closed his eyes, gripping Lily's hand for reassurance."I – yes, of course I will," said Frank, his tone now serious and his expression hard. "Of course. I'll try to get everyone to safety."He folded his instrument and stuffed it back in his coat. He stared around the table, his jaw set and looking older than he was."Well?" said James, breaking the silence.His stomach dropped as Frank looked at him, his eyes uncharacteristically harsh. "Mad-Eye's received intel from one of his spies. You-Know-Who's coming here, to Hogsmeade."It was as though a bomb had been dropped in the middle of the pub. Everyone had heard them, and now they were staring fearfully at each other, unable to say anything. And then, from the corner of the room, a harsh and feminine voice spoke."Very good, Longbottom." Her cloak fell away, revealing a pale, beautiful face with eyes that suggested she was insane. "The Dark Lord is, indeed, coming."

Chapter Ten: The Beacon is LitThe two parties regarded each other coldly. No one in the pub moved a muscle. Even Rosmerta, who had been busy wiping her glasses, had stopped to stare at them.Then Sirius inhaled sharply. "Bellatrix."The woman turned to look at him. She might have smiled, but to Lily it looked more like a leer."Hello, little cousin," said the woman, inclining her head. James's grip on her hand went slack. "I hear Aunt Walburga blasted you off of the family tree. Is that true?"Sirius snarled. "Whereas I hear you've been torturing Muggles whenever you're not brooding with Rodolphus."Bellatrix shrugged easily. "I won't deny it. I've been busy keeping the wizarding world pure." She broke from his gaze and surveyed the rest of their group, an ugly smile pasting itself on her thin lips. "Something, dear cousin, that you haven't been doing, I'm afraid. The company you keep these days… First, blood traitors, and now you've sunk so low as to befriend Mudbloods."She spat the word so easily it almost hurt to hear. Lily flinched; something she'd been accustomed to doing whenever she heard the word. Sirius surged forwards, a furious look on his face, but Frank stepped in between them before he could get any closer."ENOUGH!" roared Frank, pointing his wand at Bellatrix. "Bellatrix Black, you're under arrest for crimes against humanity. Turn around slowly, and raise your wand above your head."Bellatrix's smile widened.She raised her wand, high above her head, and then flicked it downwards so quickly Lily could barely see it; quite a few people in the pub screamed and backed away, scramming towards the door. A jet of red light streaked from her wand towards Frank –Alice whipped her wand in front of him and deflected the curse, sending it bouncing around the pub. It set fire to various spots, and soon the wooden walls of the Three Broomsticks were alight with flame…"Oh no you don't!" screeched Rosmerta angrily from behind her bar, and she took out her wand, a livid look on her face, "Take this outside!"But neither Bellatrix nor Frank heard her; they furiously shot spells at each other, lifting tables and chairs to hide behind. All around them, people screamed, scramming towards the door; flashes of bright light filled the small pub, blinding Lily. Even as she rushed forwards to help, Bellatrix arced her wand across her head like she was cracking a whip, and from it emanated a force so powerful that the windows shattered and they all flew back, slamming into the walls.Lily's eyes fluttered open, trying to ignore the blinking stars, but Bellatrix had turned and vanished in a puff of black smoke. Cracks were heard all around her, outside; she wasn't sure if it was the pub breaking down or something else…"Where's she gone?" snarled Sirius, staggering up to his feet. His nose was bloody and there were a few cuts on his arms from where the glass had sliced him."She flew off," murmured James, sitting against the wall and massaging his temples.Lily only half-heard what they were talking about; she strained her ears to listen to what was going on outside. Dark figures moved about, more cracks were sounding, and with a sudden feeling of dread, she realized what the others had not: they were being surrounded."Stay quiet!" she hissed, and the others immediately heeded her. "There are people outside, I think they're Death Eaters…"Frank crouched up, dusting his robes. He looked relatively unscathed, but there was a nasty-looking bruise on his wrist. "The Aurors aren't coming any time soon. We're all that's left to defend.""We can do this," said Peter determinedly. "I bet they think Bellatrix knocked us out. If we can surprise them…"He trailed off, but the others understood. Lily scanned her surroundings; the pub was destroyed, and she had no idea if the people had made it out… with a pang, she realized that that was her responsibility as Head Girl, to keep everyone else safe."Don't go inside," said a muffled voice from just outside the wall, deep and drawling. "We destroy the building, nothing else."Her friends made alarmed moves; they were gearing up to protect the pub, and Lily squared her shoulders as she readied her wand."We've got to attack first," she said, "It's like Peter said, they still don't know about us –""Are you mad?" said Sirius incredulously. "They'll kill us on the spot if we so much as peek our heads!""What choice have we got?" snapped Lily. "Either way, we're still going to be fighting Death Eaters.""They outnumber us," said James, glaring at Sirius. "If we don't strike first –""On three," said the drawling voice. "One –""Send them anything!" hissed Lily. "Brace yourselves –""– two –""It's no use," said Sirius bitterly. "All right –"In the space between the seconds, Lily saw her friends press their shoulders against the wall, their wands pointed straight up, determined looks on their faces."– three –""NOW!" bellowed Lily.Before any spells could come their way, Lily and the others crowded around the broken windows, and eight different voices bellowed,"STUPEFY!" Eight curses streaked off from their wands at the nearest Death Eaters; some ricocheted off their bodies and took down more than one, and the Death Eaters, momentarily surprised, shouted unintelligibly –"OUT!" roared Frank, gesturing towards the door. "WE NEED TO GET OUT!"They sprinted out the door, casting random curses in all directions; the Death Eaters instantly surged towards them, their masked faces staring menacingly; Lily felt James grab her robes and drag her forwards. Spells of different colours bounced harmlessly around them, and she realized that Sirius and Remus had their wands raised above their heads, casting a variety of shield charms –They crossed the street; heading for a line of shops. The village was weirdly deserted, but then Lily saw figures peeking through the windows; at least the civilians had had the sense to hide. They were nearing Zonko's, if they could get behind the building they'd at least have some cover from the Death Eaters behind them –"CONFRINGO!" roared a voice behind them.With a gasp of horror, Lily turned her head; she saw a fiery curse make its way through the air towards them; it made contact with the shield and instantly fire engulfed them, blasting their protective enchantments to smithereens –A hand pulled her out of the way before the curse could harm her; James pushed her forwards, waving his wand in a sweeping motion, extinguishing the flames that came at them. They'd been separated from the main group, it was just her and James now, and she seized a fistful of his robes and dragged him with her before he could engage –Spells shot at them, but Lily ducked and they cratered the buildings in front of her; they were behind Zonko's, but there was no time to regroup and form a plan with her friends; they rushed towards an alleyway, finding the way ahead clear and she saw Remus and Peter sprint past them; something heavy struck her on her legs, but she merely kicked and ignored it; she heard James shout, "Impedimenta!" and there was a yelp behind her, and someone shouted –They had entered the alley with another Death Eater, and Lily made quick work of him, disarming him and then slamming him to the wall; she waved her wand wildly over the two buildings towering over them, and the entrance to the alley closed suddenly as the bricks formed a sort of barrier, blocking the rest of the Death Eaters out; she and James rushed forwards, she could see flickering light at the end of the alleyway as sleet fell hard from the sky –They ducked past more curses as the barrier behind them gave way; they rounded a corner just before the spells could hit them, and they ran, their hands clasped so tightly it was starting to hurt; the houses and shops were a blur as they streaked past, sending spells and curses behind them; she didn't see her spells hit the Death Eaters, but the grunts and shouts told her more than enough –She and James hadn't looked where they were going; she slammed into a body and they both toppled to the ground. In an instant, they were up, their wands pointed forwards –"Prongs?" said Sirius incredulously. "And Lily! Thank Merlin!"Lily lowered her wand shakily, a relieved smile finding its way on to her lips. "Where are the others?""We thought they were with you!" said Marlene anxiously. "After that curse hit us, we went off on our own, we didn't see anyone else…"Lily glanced behind her. For the moment, they were all clear, but if she remembered correctly, there had been a dozen Death Eaters waiting for them outside the pub. Hogsmeade was crawling with them, and if she didn't think of something fast, they were doomed."We need to stick together," said Lily, not wanting to think of what might have happened to their friends. "Find the others fast, and then get out of the village.""That simple, huh?" said Sirius weakly.They all laughed, breaking the solemn mood; it felt good, watching her best friends be happy and confident in moments like these…Suddenly, a voice from off to their side bellowed, "OVER HERE! I heard voices!"Without a word, all four of them snuck past, darting along before the Death Eaters could see them. They ran as quickly as they could, passing more shops and houses along the way; she caught glimpses of people peeking through their windows, but she ignored them, she ran past them, following James and Sirius as they entered a forest –"Where are we going?" panted Sirius.Lily and Marlene grinded to a halt. "We were following you!"Sirius cursed. Lily didn't recognize the place they were in; obviously, they were still on Hogsmeade grounds, but she didn't recall ever going through these thickets of wood. Trees surrounded them, blocking the setting sun. Snow fell hard and cold on her eyes, but it masked any sound that they might have made."The Shrieking Shack isn't far off," said James suddenly. "We could use the high ground, try to see what's happening.""It's better than nothing," said Marlene heavily. Distant shouts echoed behind them and she glanced back. "We should go now, we don't want to stay in one place for too long…"The four of them waded through the woods quickly, trying not to make a sound. No birds chirped overhead, making Lily feel lonely and small. She doubted whether anything lived here, in this depressing grove.Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, they reached the edge of the forest, where the Shrieking Shack stood high on a snowy hill, looking even more unwelcome. Lily shuddered; she remembered suddenly that this was the place Remus went to whenever he transformed."We need to get a message to Dumbledore," breathed James. "There's a chance they don't even know what's happening here.""And how do we do that?" said Marlene, rolling her eyes. "Unless you can conjure an owl –"But they had been careless, somehow, they had been found; bright curses of many colors shot through the trees towards them. Lily whipped her wand out and held it steady, casting a shield; it shook and cracked, and she nearly let it go –"And here we was thinking that we's lost you forever," said a wheezy voice, its source emerging from the forest. Many others followed him. "A group of four make large footprints, eh?"Lily cursed silently; she'd been stupid enough to think that the falling snow would cover their tracks. What looked like half a dozen Death Eaters stepped out to surround them. She felt James and the others close in, their backs to each other, facing different directions."Throw down your wands," said another, drawling voice; Lily recognized him as the one who had spoken earlier outside the Three Broomsticks. "The Dark Lord wishes to speak to you. He believes that you are worthy of joining our cause –""Yeah, that's exactly why you tried to kill us earlier," snarled James beside her. "You and your Dark Lord can shove off."Lily saw the Death Eater turn his head to regard him. "You are in no position to refuse, Potter. You are outnumbered, and if you don't agree with our offer –" the Death Eater twirled his wand carelessly, "well, I'm afraid even the Dark Lord will understand…"She saw no way out of this; the Death Eaters had their wands pointed at them, there was no escaping. Even if they did manage to beat them in a frontal duel, there were still six other Death Eaters to worry about, not to mention Bellatrix Black and Voldemort."Just hold on…" muttered James, so quietly Lily almost didn't hear him. "We'll think of something…"Then, multiple voices from the forest cried, "STUPEFY!"The Death Eater in front of her fell face first to the ground. More spells shot out of the trees, finding the Death Eaters as they suddenly turned, startled – four figures stepped out from the forest, their wands a blur of of colour and movement as they cursed and hexed and jinxed at whatever moved –Lily wasted no time. She whipped her wand high above her head, suddenly energetic; she shot spell after spell, and the Death Eaters, in their panic and disorder, tried to fight back –But it was now six against eight, and the Death Eaters were backing away; Lily surged forwards, her friends behind her, her thoughts empty but for the notion of turning the Death Eaters into one gigantic pile of Erumpent dung –Then they vanished in a wisp of smoke, flying high above the trees. Sirius bellowed angrily, "COWARDS!", a cry that was repeated by many of her friends as they shot whatever spells they could think of, but they all missed and disappeared in the sky.There was no time to relax. Even as Lily watched her friends lower their wands, she could feel that something was wrong, that something seemed to be watching her, closing in fast –"We have to move," said Remus, pulling James up from the ground. "The rest of them aren't far, we saw figures moving through the forest; if we stay here, we're giving them a chance to regroup."As if on cue, outraged yells sounded behind them, growing louder by the moment."I don't know about you, but twelve against eight aren't very good odds," said Frank.They sprinted towards the Shrieking Shack, climbing the hill; Lily could see the last golden rays of sunlight streaming from over a mountain, an irony that contrasted with what they were facing right now.A sudden spell blasted the side of the hill, peppering her with earth and snow; where her foot had been moments before, a crater had appeared. She glanced behind, barely seeing the dark outlines of multiple figures. Her wand shot spells at random, desperately praying that they found their marks –But suddenly a hand pulled her roughly upwards, towards the top of the hill: they had reached the Shrieking Shack at last. James and Lily darted around the building as more spells came from below, hitting the shack –"Too late!" shrieked a delighted voice, the unmistakable tone of Bellatrix Black. "Too weak, too foolish! A haunted building is nothing compared to the might of the Dark Lord!""Get inside," muttered Remus, kicking down a loose plank of wood in the wall. They all entered; Lily's heart was beating so quickly she was sure she would die…"Hiding will not save you!" bellowed another voice; she didn't recognize it. "Nobody will save you! Dumbledore is miles away, and the Dark Lord approaches ever closer!"Inside, the shack was a mess. The furniture was torn and clawed, as though an animal had rampaged around. She glanced quickly at Remus, but he was too busy muttering spells around the room to notice her."It need not be like this," came a drawling voice, "The Dark Lord wishes for you to join him; you all have a spot in our ranks –""Ignore them," said Sirius angrily, waving his wand around the walls. "Clear your minds, try to stay cool…""I say, Lucius, we just kill them!" said Bellatrix. Lily peeked out the window and found them all shuffling about, surrounding the shack like they had done in the Three Broomsticks."We hear them out first," said the drawling voice. "The Dark Lord is eager for them to join… but what is your answer?"He directed that last bit towards the Shrieking Shack, but they all remained quiet. They glanced at each other furtively, trying to think of a plan. Out of the corner of her eye, Lily thought she saw something pop into being in the corner of the room, red and long, but she couldn't make it out in the darkness. She wasn't sure if anyone else had seen it, but before she could say something, the voice spoke again."Nothing?" he said coolly. "My, my… what a stubborn group of schoolchildren."There was a BANG and the shack shook, raining dust from the ceiling that Lily shook out of her hair."Last chance," said the drawling voice. "Either you come out, and pledge your allegiance to the Dark Lord, or you die, like those unworthy of being in our world."The shack shook again, groaning and shuddering as another spell was shot at it. Lily held James's hand tightly; he looked scared out of his mind, but she thought, rather ridiculously, that he had never looked quite as handsome as he did in that moment…"We've got to attack first," hissed Alice. "Like last time –""They'll be ready for that!" snarled Marlene."What choice have we got?"Her friends pressed their backs against the walls, gearing up to fight, but Lily held back, her instincts told her wait, to not attack yet – with a helpless glance she looked at the corner of the room, but the feather lay there uselessly, unmoving…"Come on," whispered James. "Give it all you've got –""WAIT!" hissed Lily.For the feather had suddenly floated up into the air; her friends turned to look, but just as quickly as it had appeared, it vanished, covering the room in a dim, fiery glow that died quickly."So you've decided to die!" shrieked Bellatrix madly. "Go on then, Lucyyy –""Ready yourselves!" bellowed the voice of Lucius. "Destroy the shack –"Lily's friends frantically raised their wands; she saw Peter shut his eyes tightly –"Don't attack yet!" whispered Lily, though her mind was telling her she was crazy. "Something's going to happen –""WE'RE GOING TO DIE, EVANS, THAT'S WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN!" roared Sirius."– NOW!"Then many things happened at once.An explosion went off – somewhere in the vicinity of the rallying Death Eaters, and Lily heard them scream as they slammed into the walls of the shack. A blinding, jagged jet of white light streaked through the air, like lightning; it hit the ground before them, and though Lily couldn't see what it had done, it must have been effective, for suddenly all was quiet outside, and no spells came their way."To me," said a powerful voice, booming so loudly the residents of Hogsmeade must have heard it. "Death Eaters are not welcome here. To me.""Dumbledore!" cried James, looking through a broken window.Lily whipped her head round to the window, her heart in her throat. Near the padded gate that separated the Shrieking Shack from Hogsmeade, his wand held high above his head, stood Albus Dumbledore. Straining her eyes, she saw multiple figures behind him, but there was one that stood out above the rest – Professor McGonagall looked furious.Hisses were heard all around her. The roof shook, and then it elevated slightly, as though a weight had been lifted off it. The same black smoke from earlier in the forest streaked towards the sky, leaving behind a trail. Dumbledore made his way towards them, his face weary and his silver beard disheveled.The door to the Shrieking Shack burst open, and in strode the teachers, checking the room quickly. When he seemed satisfied, Dumbledore turned to Lily and the others, and spoke, "Are you all alright?""We're OK, Professor," said Alice immediately. Dumbledore nodded in a business-like manner."You will please follow Professor McGonagall to Hogsmeade," he continued, "There you will take the main route to Hogwarts –""Professor, I have another idea," interjected Remus quickly, glancing at James and then back at Dumbledore. "It would be quicker, safer, if we used the passage underneath –""Ah, but that is where I am afraid you are wrong, Mr Lupin," said Dumbledore briskly. "All passages to and from Hogwarts have been sealed with impenetrable magic – it seems the Death Eaters have taken precautions. The only path they could not block was the largest, most powerful: the main road."He turned to Professor McGonagall. "Minerva, ensure that they are brought safely to school. The road is large – and exposed. Mr Longbottom…" he directed these words towards Frank, who stiffened, "you are an Auror, and are therefore qualified as a protector. Please help Professor McGonagall.""Of course, Professor," said Frank.Dumbledore nodded again, his face grim and ancient. "I must patrol the grounds, Filius, would you –?" he turned to the short Charms teacher, who nodded earnestly, "Very well. I will be nearby, should trouble find you all. Minerva, keep your wand ready and don't let your guard down. I could be mistaken, but I could feel when Lord Voldemort was nearby…" he sighed. "Off, then."The journey back to the forest was long and cold. It had stopped snowing, something that Lily was grateful for. Dumbledore had left shortly after they had, taking Professor Flitwick and Professor Slughorn with him, looking quite terrifying as he surveyed the Hogsmeade grounds. At that moment, walking on a snowy, muddy path through the forest, she suddenly understood why Voldemort feared Dumbledore.She slipped her hand into James's. Neither of them exchanged words, nor did anyone else in their group, but it was nice, she thought, to feel the warmth of someone you liked, someone you cared about. It felt especially anchoring when she thought back to the previous events. She'd nearly died multiple times during the span of those few hours since she'd left the Three Broomsticks.Frank cleared the way ahead of them, going first with his wand raised; he would wait at spots and would continue his scouting once they'd reached up to him. Lily and James were directly behind McGonagall, and their friends formed a sort of line behind them, like a mum ducky guiding her little ducklings."How is it, Mr Longbottom?" asked McGonagall suddenly. They all stopped; Lily nearly bumped into McGonagall, but James caught her."It seems OK," came his answer.Lily stared forwards. They'd reached the village much quicker than she thought they would. Smoke billowed out of the buildings and houses, though Lily knew these were caused by fires. The village was oddly quiet; she thought she'd hear some screaming, but no one did. It seemed as though the Death Eaters had left Hogsmeade. Perhaps Dumbledore had scared them off."Quickly, now, we don't want to stay here any longer than we should," barked Professor McGonagall, and Lily marched forwards with her. Frank fell back and joined the group, taking up the spot beside James; they all kept their wands aloft and stared around.They passed through the houses, where Lily was relieved to see that people were bustling about inside, panicked looks on their faces. At least they weren't dead, though she thought that that was a horrible worst-case scenario. McGonagall led them through the same alley that Lily and James had gone through, avoiding the roads and keeping out of sight. They strode past Zonko's, which looked as though a dragon had decided to make it its dinner. She doubted that it would put them out of business – or at least cut down on production, though she couldn't help but hope. She felt slightly guilty at that.The main square was visible now. Hogwarts towered in the distance, its way clear and inviting. Glancing around, Lily saw the Three Broomsticks still looked as though a bomb had been set up inside. She felt even guiltier as she thought of poor Rosmerta, who only wanted peace and quiet. She wondered sadly how long it would take to make repairs."All right," said McGonagall, looking relieved. "I suppose we should wait for Professor Dumbledore and the others to finish patrolling, but I think you've had enough of Hogsmeade."The others nodded fervently at that. Lily looked up longingly at the towering black castle, where she knew was the only place in which she could feel relaxed after all that had happened. Once she got there, she decided, she would take a long, hot bath. She didn't care if all the water at Hogwarts ran out, all she wanted was to feel safe, preferably with James to talk to later…She looked up at him. He still looked the same as he had in the Shrieking Shack, with his set jaw and his furrowed brow and those unsure hazel eyes that conveyed his true feelings. She wondered what he was thinking about at the moment."Keep together," said McGonagall, turning to look at them. "Make sure none of you get left behind. I'm sure Professor Dumbledore will send word as we're heading back –"But she did not get to finish her words, for suddenly something large and silver swooped down from the sky. Regal and proud, the phoenix soared over their heads, staring down at them as though they were potential prey. Lily saw the others turn to look, their mouths open, and then the Patronus spoke in Albus Dumbledore's voice:"Stay where you are. He is still here."At these words, the group suddenly closed in, their backs to each other. James pulled Lily close to him; there was no way they'd get separated, and there was no way he would let Voldemort lay a spell on either of them.McGonagall forced the rest of them behind her, guarding the front; her eyes darted all around the village, where the rest of the civilians had heard: James heard the sound of slamming doors and clicking locks as they boarded themselves in their own houses. A smaller, more timid part of him suggested hiding with one of them, but his usual explosive self immediately shut down the idea. It was cowardly, and not-at-all Gryffindor-like; besides, there was no telling whether Voldemort knew their position. If they took up shelter in a person's home, Voldemort might just blast through.So what to do?He scanned his surroundings. They were fully exposed, looking very much like a bunch of sitting ducks as they grouped together in the main square, their eyes wide and fearful, but James's heart burned excitedly. He would never admit it, but the last few near-death experiences had energized him, much as Quidditch did.The clouds above darkened and rippled, as though readying for a storm. If it started raining, on top of having to step on cold snow, James would really lose it there. He glanced around him desperately, trying to think of a plan. He was Head Boy, for Merlin's sake, he should be a leader, not have other people protecting him –The sky rumbled, and then McGonagall said suddenly, "Get behind!"James hastily threw up a shield charm, and the rest of them scooted around the square, eyeing the black clouds suspiciously; in his mind's eye, he saw Voldemort's head above the clouds, leering down at them –He felt the air shift; somehow, he felt it, and then a metallic scent permeated his senses. Without glancing at McGonagall, without even thinking about it, he threw up his free arm and pushed the group back, thrusting his wand in front of him –Black lightning forked from the clouds, striking the middle of the square and raining rubble on them. Energy arced upwards, its tendrils merging together to form a single, deadly beam; it shot from the air towards the shield, which broke immediately, and James felt a sudden pain as it raced up his arm, stinging all of his particles –The pain died suddenly, and Lily and Sirius caught him before he hit the ground. His cloak gave off an odd burning smell that he registered dimly through his jumbled senses, but at least he was still conscious. His ears felt as though someone had stuck a bell in them and was hitting it continuously. Smoke emerged from where the lightning had struck, covering the square entirely and hiding the buildings and houses that surrounded them.Shapes moved in the smoke. James heard screaming all around him; there was a girly voice in his ear, repeating the same word, "JAMES! JAMES!"... but he felt the ringing grow louder, he could feel himself slip, lose focus…And before he knew it, he was staring up at the tip of a black wand, its body racing with energy. He felt someone tug his shoulders, and he blindly allowed them to guide him backwards, still looking at the wand –The smoke cleared as the black-robed figure waved and swished; alone he was, tall and menacing, with a white face and scarlet eyes. He stared around, almost with relish; relish in the fact that he had gotten past Dumbledore and the Ministry, gotten past them all –James met his eyes. He was trembling, his legs felt like pudding; he was rooted to the spot, unable to move, unwilling to let Lily drag him to safety. His vision tunneled, and all he saw was him, James, and the snakelike face that had spoken in his dreams –Voldemort whipped his wand, green light flashing all around him, and then his mouth moved."Avada Kedavra."The spell flew towards him slowly, as though time had decelerated. His mind registered what was happening, but his body, still trapped in whatever spell had been cast on it, couldn't react. He heard strangled shouts and muffled screams, but he knew, somehow, that they wouldn't reach him in time –The ground rose before him, like a wall; the Killing Curse hit the earth and it disintegrated into dust, and then James felt his body tense as he fell to his knees; he'd broken out of the spell, but Voldemort was not paying attention to him, his scarlet eyes were staring to his side, his mouth curled downwards in a terrifying snarl as a tall figure in billowing blue robes frowned disapprovingly at him."Tom," said Dumbledore, his voice quiet, yet James could hear him clearly. "I'm afraid I am not at all happy to see you."Behind Dumbledore, Flitwick and Slughorn fanned out, their wands gripped tightly in their trembling hands. James felt multiple bodies heave him off the ground and drag him. Off to his side, he heard Sirius's voice mutter, "Tom? That's his name?""But I am, Dumbledore," said Voldemort softly, not taking his eyes off him. "I come bearing gifts.""We do not accept gifts from criminals or murderers!" squeaked Flitwick immediately. "Begone, snake!"Voldemort paid him no attention. He merely straightened, taking in his surroundings, yet his grip on his wand did not loosen."Is this a way to greet an old student?" whispered Voldemort. "My, my… Hogwarts's standards have fallen… And these –" he waved his wand carelessly at James and the others, and they all yelped and rushed back, "Your students, I presume?"Dumbledore did not answer. He was still staring at Voldemort with those piercing blue eyes, his face still set in that disapproving frown, as though Voldemort was merely a student who had shown him a disappointing project."But – no…" said Voldemort suddenly, and then he turned to James again, now regarding him curiously, "I have heard of you three… Longbottom, Black, and Potter…"He exchanged glances with Sirius and Frank. So the Death Eaters had been telling the truth. Voldemort did know them. Next to James, McGonagall shot him a warning look so as to not respond."Join me," whispered Voldemort, his face suddenly hungry with greed. "Those with pure blood should stick together, no?""Tom," said Dumbledore before any of them could retort. "I request that you leave immediately. The Aurors are coming.""And I welcome them, old man." Voldemort strode backwards, circling the large crack where his spell had struck. "The more that receive the gift, the better…"He pointed his wand at the fault; there was a bang, and suddenly something peeked out from the crack, something large and pointy. A stake emerged, and tied to the stake was a man; nearly naked, nearly dead, he was lifted up, guided by the movement of Voldemort's wand. James's stomach tightened, he knew what was coming somehow, it was as though he'd seen it –"Imperio."Voldemort pointed his wand at the old man, and suddenly he became rigid, and then he went limp. He turned back to Dumbledore and the rest of the Professors, who had horror-struck looks on their faces."Attack me, Dumbledore, and he dies." Voldemort twitched his wand slightly, and the old man lurched his arms pathetically. "But you know him, don't you? Your old friend, the Mudblood, Theodore Plant."The old man raised his head, his eyes rolling back into his head, and he gave a slow nod as though confirming Voldemort."He is my beacon, Headmaster," continued Voldemort, fingering his wand. "A beacon for all who wish to join me, in the cleansing –" he turned to look at James again, but he did not squirm, "A light that will guide them to the right path.""A path that brings sorrow to all who come across it," said Dumbledore quietly. "A path that you've carved out of blood and skin, that strangles all of its travelers. No, Tom, it is not the right path.""You call me Tom as though we are friends, Dumbledore," said Voldemort coldly. "I am Lord Voldemort.""But I have given you the reason, have I not?" Dumbledore smiled bitterly, as though remembering something painful. "Or perhaps your memory is not as good as it once was, Tom…"James turned his head quickly back and forth, as though watching a Quidditch match. The aura the two wizards gave off was frightening, electrifying – he did not want to be there, but McGonagall's hand was gripping his shoulder tightly, not allowing him to move, even to guide the others to safety…More people emerged from behind Dumbledore. They surged forwards, their wands raised; close to him, he heard Frank exhale in relief – for Mad-Eye Moody was among those who had come, looking furious – half a dozen Aurors formed a single line behind Moody, all looking in the same direction…Voldemort spread his hands. Out of nowhere, as though they had always been there, Bellatrix and the rest of the Death Eaters appeared, black smoke trailing off of their robes; they formed a circle around Theodore Plant, their eyes darting around behind their masks."Here is my gift, Dumbledore," said Voldemort coldly. With a twitch of his wand, Theodore opened his mouth, and out slithered a snake; bigger and heavier than what could have possibly been stored inside his body, but it slithered nonetheless. He tried to scream, but the noise was muffled by it; the snake coiled upwards, wrapping its body around his neck, and it squeezed.Theodore shuddered, and then became limp. The Aurors roared and surged forwards, but stopped abruptly as the Death Eaters brandished their wands at them."Release him, Voldemort!" For the first time, Dumbledore looked worried. He unsheathed his wand, fire streaming from its tip dangerously as he, too, pointed it at the Death Eaters. McGonagall pulled him and the rest of the students backwards, inching closer to Flitwick and the teachers.Voldemort did not listen. He flicked his wand again, and this time, green flames erupted from Theodore's skin. The snake hissed, trying to escape the fire, but it seemed unable to release its grip from Theodore's neck. James watched, horrified, as the stake burned, and smoke plumed upwards towards the sky…"The beacon is lit," said Voldemort quietly. "Those who wish to follow it shall be guided to me."McGonagall gasped, something that James had never heard before, but then he saw why – the smoke from the fire had collected in one single space, darkening the sky around it. It shifted and changed until it formed into a colossal skull, with a serpent protruding from its mouth like a long, monstrous tongue.Dumbledore and the Aurors strode forwards, firing spells that the Death Eaters deflected hastily, but before anything else could happen, Voldemort vanished in a swirl of robes. Cries were heard around him, but nothing passed through his ears, James's heart was thumping loudly, masking any sound as he stared at the stake…James closed his eyes, slumping to the ground. He did not want to see anything anymore. The image of the Dark Mark burned in his mind, and Theodore Plant's mangled corpse he remembered even more vividly. He couldn't bring it to himself to even find Lily's hand. He doubted whether he would go to Hogsmeade again…He felt cold drops of twinkling snow fall on his neck. He quickly covered it with his scarf, but his gloveless hands had smudged the snowflakes. James stared at his fingers, unable to comprehend why they were suddenly black –He looked up at the sky. Black sleet was falling, dispersing the Dark Mark, and yet he just continued to stare at it dumbly, unable to fully comprehend what had just happened. A gentle hand lifted him off the ground, and he heard McGonagall's voice tell him to go back to the castle. She sounded as though she was about to cry.Slowly but surely, the Dark Mark faded into the clouds. He saw, glancing back, that Theodore Plant had been removed from the stake. Flitwick led the way in front of him, shaking slightly. His mind still throbbed at the memory of Theodore's body. He could no longer remember his nightmare.This was so hard to write. Dear God, I'm so fucking tired, and I'm no way near satisfied with how it turned out, but at least it's better than what I had before. I kept redoing this, thinking out scenes for the plot, but I feel it's still lacklustre. Only reason I'm allowing this to be posted is because I wanted to slump through and get at least a chapter done before September ended. I have my midterms coming up, so I'm going to be writing a whole lot less.October, though, is Jily month. I'm going to keep writing, even if I'm a little burnt out from this stupid chapter. Thank you, and I'm sorry for the late upload. Read and Review, as always. While we're on the topic, thank you again to the guest review who pointed out that I keep reuploading my chapters. I didn't think it would be too much of a bother, because I don't know anyone who still religiously checks their emails, but obviously I've been thick. The reason I do this is that either I've made some big changes to the plot that I thought of after publishing the chapter, or I've uploaded the wrong doc by accident. Sorry. Since you're anonymous, I can't thank you, but if you happen to be reading this, well, er... thanks. 

Chapter Eleven: A Furry Little ProblemLooking back, even two weeks later, James still found it hard to process what he and his friends had gone through. He had fresh nightmares every night – of skulls and snakes, and sometimes even the odd bout of malicious laughter, but he always pushed them to the back of his mind. He did not want to remember.James tried to pull himself together during those two weeks. He'd smiled and joked like his usual self when he was in class, but after it was over, when he was no longer under the caring eye of Professor McGonagall or any of his teachers, he returned to his solemn mood that he only showed to his closest friends.He had not known Theodore Plant, and he wasn't going to pretend that he had known him. In truth, the conductor's death had affected him very little, and he was guilty that it did – Theodore deserved better, deserved to be remembered after all he had gone through. The Daily Prophet didn't help matters; they barely mentioned Theodore Plant, instead writing him off as the only casualty that had taken place in the attack. James suspected that the Ministry was behind this, seeing as they'd written about how Voldemort's attack was a failure, and that the Ministry had ultimately won. He did not much care about it.As for what was going on inside the school – well, it was Hogwarts, after all, and rumours were bound to crop up. That Sunday, after the attack, Dumbledore had talked to the school about how he and the rest of his friends had been directly involved in what had happened. Ever since, James found himself the target of whispered conversations and pointed fingers, even though Dumbledore had explicitly requested the school not to bother him and his friends. He guessed that they were making their own theories as to why he had been targeted by Death Eaters. Again, he did not care very much.Every evening after dinner, he and Lily would lock themselves up in the Head's Tower. They were inseparable these days, and though James wished that the reason for it was not so horrible, he was grateful nonetheless. While Sirius was – and would always be – the first person he would go to when he was feeling worried, he didn't want to bother him with something that he was also going through. It didn't matter very much; Lily was a good listener, and she'd promised that they'd get through it together.Sometimes, James didn't even sleep in his own room. He did not dare go to Lily's dorm, for fear of being hexed – but she'd also caught on to what was going on with him, and had joined him in his long thinking sessions in the common room sofas. They didn't talk much during those periods. They didn't need to. She understood what he was going through, and he understood as well; the best they could do was to support each other, and move on."I see them, too," she said softly one night, leaning into his chest. "I'm tired of it.""S'not so scary now," admitted James. "Kind of boring, really…"They didn't say anything after that. James knew that she knew that he was only trying to lighten the situation, but she didn't comment on it. A moment later, Lily had fully relaxed, and her soft puffs of breath told him that she was asleep. He smiled to himself, suddenly feeling a great rush of affection for the witch snoozing on his chest, and he closed his eyes too.Snow fell from the sky in the form of small, individual snowflakes, swirling against the windows; the end of the term was nearing, and with it, Christmas. James and the rest of the Marauders watched happily as Hagrid barged into the Great Hall on Saturday morning, carrying the last of the twelve Christmas trees. Garlands of holly and tinsel had been twisted around the rails and bannisters of the stairs; enchanted candles floated high up in the ceiling, forming a sort of aurora; live fairies of all sorts of colours flew about the room, flashing different lights that clashed magnificently with the candles.The Marauders had taken it upon themselves to help with Christmas decorations, too. Just last night, they'd enchanted the suits of armour to follow around unsuspecting students, belching out merry tunes that James found rather annoying after hearing them for the umpteenth time. He'd made sure that the professors would have a hard time undoing the charms – he wasn't going to make it easy for them."I think we've tortured them enough, Prongs," said Remus wearily, as 'My Baby Gave Me a Hippogriff for Christmas' echoed around the Great Hall yet again.James looked at him. The full moon was in a few days, and his friend wasn't looking too good. "Well, that's their problem now. They're just going to have to bear with it.""Correction," said Remus, picking at a scar on his neck, "I think I've been tortured enough."Sirius gave a bark of laughter. "The charms'll wear off in a few hours, don't worry. And stop touching that thing, Moony, it's never going to heal that way."There was a great rush of fluttering wings at that moment; looking up, James saw the morning post owls swoop in through the upper windows. A black screech owl carrying a long, furled scroll landed in front of Sirius, who looked surprised.The owl looked strangely familiar. Peter started to say, "Hey, isn't that…"Sirius tried to tug the scroll from its beak. The owl looked at him reproachfully."Come off it," muttered Sirius. He finally managed to pull it away; the owl nipped at his fingers rather aggressively and took off at once, making sure to clip Sirius with its wings.Sirius unfurled the scroll, mumbling darkly, and began to read. The further down his eyes travelled the parchment, the more pronounced became his scowl. His grey eyes flashed dangerously as he finished reading."Sirius?" asked James uneasily. His best mate got up abruptly, not looking at any of them, and then left the table.James stared around at his friends, who looked just as confused as he did. "What do you reckon?""I dunno, but we should let him cool off before we do anything drastic," murmured Remus, taking a bite out of his toast. "Must be something about his family."That sounded quite reasonable. A moment later, a certain redhead and her two friends sat down across them, shooting him a disapproving look."What did you lot do to Sirius?" asked Lily. "He didn't even say hi to Marlene.""We didn't do anything," said James. "He got a letter and then stormed off.""A letter?" said Marlene, frowning deeply. "From whom?""That was definitely a Black family owl," said Peter, glancing at the vacant spot that used to be occupied by Sirius. "I've seen enough Howlers from Sirius's mum to recognize one."James looked at the Great Hall's double doors; Sirius was probably far away now. When he turned back to the table, he found Lily was still frowning at him. His mind went into overdrive, replaying every conversation he'd had with her, trying to find what he had done wrong. Perhaps he'd said something last night without meaning to? Maybe she'd mistaken one of his jokes for actual opinions. He really should keep his mouth shut sometimes."What?" asked James, giving up."Aren't you going to look for him?" said Lily. James let out a small sigh of relief. "You're his best mate, after all.""Nah," answered Remus for him. "He'll want to be alone for a while. Besides, Sirius gets moody easily, we're going to let him cool off."When Lily still looked reproachful, James sighed and reached for her hand across the table. "Look, love. Sirius wouldn't want us to worry about him, he's just that kind of bloke." He glanced quickly at Marlene, and then added, "You shouldn't go after him, either. Let him take out his frustration. We'll check on him later.""Oh, all right," relented Marlene, easing into her bench. "It's just – even after all this time, I can never tell how he's feeling.""He'll come around," said Alice, patting her arm."I wonder what the letter was about," said Lily absently. "Maybe they're asking him to transfer to Slytherin or something.""I don't think so," said Remus, knitting his eyebrows together. "He would've just laughed it off, he's been sent dozens of letters like that. Whatever it was, it was something big – and personal.""Well, I just hope this gets resolved quickly," said Marlene. "He usually never gets upset, it's strange seeing him like that."And she cast an oddly furtive look at James."Trust me, Marls, we're just as confused as you are," he assured her.Sirius Black sat under the shade of the beech tree by the edge of the still-unfrozen-lake, holding his crumpled letter in a fist. His head was swimming with thoughts and emotions – guilt that he had ditched Marlene, and more importantly, his friends; contempt at the godforsaken piece of rubbish he held in his hands; disgust at himself for feeling like this. Mostly, though, he felt anger.The nerve of that woman… Sirius swore, for as long as he lived, he would never speak to her again. His mother had that effect on many people, bribing and lying and flattering to get what she wanted, and then – boom, her true colours showed.He balled his fist up even more, trying to ignore the heavy words that had been written in the parchment. She had confirmed what Bellatrix had said a few weeks ago – that he had been blasted off the family tree, and that he was no longer considered family. Not to her, anyway.Even though he knew it was foolish to do so, he had secretly hoped that Bellatrix had been lying. He had hoped that his mother, insufferable as she may be, would find it in her black heart to admit that she was wrong, and apologise to him.He'd underestimated just how nasty his mother could be. Aside from basically disowning him, she'd also demanded that he return the money Uncle Alphard had given to him, which was a new low. Not wanting to open the letter, he closed his eyes, and remembered his mother's words…The Black family demands that the contents of Alphard Black's will, including the thirty thousand (30,000) galleons he has left you, be transferred to the Black family vault (Vault 711) no later than by March 1st. If the Black family does not hear from you, this case shall be promptly filed in the small claims court.Hoping you are well,Walburga Black, heiress of House BlackSirius levitated the ball of parchment in the air, and promptly set fire to it. He imagined his mother's head in place of the letter."Careful, or you'll burn down Hogwarts. We're still not done putting up Christmas decorations."Sirius whipped his head towards the source of the voice; he found James striding over to him, his hands in his pockets, and an apologetic expression on his face."Oh," said Sirius hollowly, "It's you."James sat down next to him, leaning against the base of the tree. "Do you wish it weren't me?""No, no," he sighed. "I'm glad you're here."The ashes from the parchment were scattered in the cold wind. Sirius picked up a small pebble and threw it across the lake, where it skipped once… twice… thrice, before it sank beneath the surface on its fourth skip."The letter," said James slowly, "what was it about?""Nothing, really," he said bitterly, preparing to throw another rock. "Just my dear old mum asking for my money. As if she hasn't got enough already.""That inheritance from your uncle?" said James, looking at him. "But he said – explicitly stated – in his will that you were receiving it, not anyone else. If the Ministry follows their own laws at all, the money can't be taken from you…""I don't expect Mum will handle that very well." The rock didn't skip at all, instead plopping pathetically as soon as it landed on the lake. "I've been officially disowned, too.""Doubt it," said James absently, using his wand to launch his own pebble into the lake. "Blood bonds are hard to break. Impossible, in fact.""Just a few months ago, you were the one telling me that blood meant nothing.""And I still stand by it," said James. "Blood doesn't mean family, mate. But when it comes to magic, you'd be hard-pressed to, er… sever the ties left by blood bonds. That's what my dad says, at least…"There was silence between them after that. They engaged in a silent competition – whose pebbles would skip the furthest would receive bragging rights – and ultimately Sirius won, his record of six total skips impossible to beat by James."Did you mean what you said during my birthday?" he said after a short pause, turning to James. "About how you're tired of me living in your house?""Of course not," said James firmly. "I was just taking the mickey, you know that. My parents love you, you're a part of our family now as far as we're concerned.""Oh," was all he could say, and he turned a pebble in between his fingers nervously."You can't seriously be thinking that we'd abandon you?" said James incredulously. "I'm hurt, mate.""No, it's not that," he said quickly. "I was just thinking – well, I was reminded – since I've got a bit of money now, I could finally move out, get my own place…"James appeared to consider the idea. "I mean, if you want to, you know Mum and Dad will always support you. I reckon they'd want to wait until after school, though.""Yeah, I'm not in a hurry to live on my own," said Sirius. "We've got all the time in the world, anyway…""That we do," said James quietly.A comfortable silence followed. Sirius felt better, much better than he had that morning; it was as though an enormous weight had been lifted off his shoulders.To hell with my family, thought Sirius savagely. I'm disowning them."Let's get out of here," he said, standing up. "If anyone sees me, my reputation'll go down the drain…""I've got an idea," said James, accepting Sirius's hand. He pulled out a folded piece of parchment from inside his robes; The Marauders' Map. "I saw Mulciber and Wilkes all alone on the sixth floor, there's a chance they might still be there…""You read my mind," said Sirius, grinning. "Moony and Wormtail coming?"James unfolded the map, his eyes travelling all the way towards the sixth floor, where two lone figures sat in an empty corridor. He grinned back. "You bet."The following Thursday, after a long, boring day of classes, three-quarters of the Marauders were lounging in the Head's common room with Lily. James watched amusedly as his girlfriend and his best mate argued over Quidditch, once or twice grunting in agreement when they directed their questions at him."... you're mad if you think the Cannons are better than the Wasps, Black, I can't believe you'd say something so wrong and stupid –""It's not my fault the Wasps are a bunch of no-brainers with no talent!" interjected Sirius angrily. James and Peter shared an exasperated look, and then hastily avoided their gazes as Lily threw a pillow at Sirius."I can't believe my own best mate would say this," she muttered, covering her face with her hands as Sirius threw it back at her. "You don't deserve the title."Before Sirius could retort, James stood up hastily, now seeing that the clock was about to strike nine. "All right, that's enough, both of you." He frowned at Lily, and suddenly feeling quite mischievous, added, "For the record, Lils, the Wasps are a bunch of idiots.""Oh sure, side with him, I see how it is now," said Lily sarcastically, crossing her arms in a very flamboyant manner. "Remind me how I ended up with you again?""Now that's a topic I can get behind on arguing," said Peter approvingly, ducking as James swatted his head."All right, that's enough, both of you," said Sirius in a near-perfect imitation of James. "Evans, isn't it past your bedtime? You should go to sleep.""Don't tell me what to do, Black," said Lily, trying to sound cross, but then she yawned wide. "Bloody hell, you three're giving me migraines. I wish Remus were here.""Well, he can't, can he?" James pretended to yawn, covering his mouth as he did so. "Poor Moony…""Ah, he'll be alright." Sirius rubbed his eyes, winking discreetly at him from behind his fingers. "He's strong, Moony.""Shouldn't you two go to the Hospital Wing?" said Lily suddenly, all traces of sleepiness gone, and she was now eyeing Peter and Sirius carefully.James shot Sirius a look that he hoped said, go along with it."Oh – yeah," said Sirius, glancing at Peter. "We've got to help Madam Pomfrey with the – er, process. Right, Pete?"He elbowed Peter rather inconspicuously."Right!" squeaked Peter, attempting an unconvincing stab at airiness. "You'll join us tomorrow morning, James?""Definitely," said James quickly, grateful that he was able to have the final say. "You two should hurry it up, or else Filch'll do you in before you graduate…"He shot them another significant look out of the corner of his eye; Lily didn't see it, and she nodded. "That's right, get out of here, you two. If you don't mind, I have something I need to talk about with your friend Prongs here…""We all know that you two value your privacy," said Sirius teasingly, but he grabbed Peter by the arm and pulled him towards the portrait hole. "Don't stay up too late, now… be good role models for young Wormtail here…"The portrait swung open, and he heard the two wizards say a cheerful farewell to Sirius and Peter. As soon as it closed, he turned to Lily, a mischievous glint in his eyes."Something you needed to talk about, Miss Evans?"She closed the distance between them; James leaned down, his face inches away from hers. She planted her hands on his neck and pulled him towards her, and he let her guide them, he let her set the pace; their lips met, brushing ever-so-slightly, and then they crashed onto each other, hungry and ecstatic; his hands travelled to the side of her face, his fingers tangling themselves in her hair, sweet-smelling and red, and she deepened the kiss, cupping him in her hands.For a few moments their bodies were frozen, savouring the feeling, but then James pulled away reluctantly. Lily made a noise of disapproval, looking up at him with her bottom lip sticking out…Oh Merlin, thought James, trying not to think of what he wanted to think about. If she kissed him again, he would probably forget all about his plans…"I was enjoying that," muttered Lily."I ran out of breath," said James rather lamely. To keep her from saying anything, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in a hug. "Also, you're bloody gorgeous, Evans.""Flattery will get you nowhere," mumbled Lily thickly, her face pressed against his chest."Won't it?" James squeezed her a bit tighter, and then he let go. Lily looked most displeased. "I'm quite tired, love. I'm going to bed.""Oh, all right," she relented, and she gave him one last kiss before pulling away, her hair messy from where James had played with it.James climbed the stairs and stayed in his room until he heard Lily's door close. When he was sure that it was clear, he opened his own door discreetly and glanced around.The clock said that it was 9.07. Any later, and there was no telling what Remus would do to himself. Stuffing his Invisibility Cloak and the Marauder's Map inside his robes, he went down the stairs, crossed the common room as quietly as he could, and, giving Lily's door one last careful glance, he slowly opened the portrait hole and stepped through.He held up a finger to his lips as the two wizards opened their mouths sleepily. He made the motion of throwing away an object to the side of his mouth, hoping that the wizards understood. They bobbed their heads up and down, their eyes half-open, and shushed the other rather loudly – and, quick as lightning, they slammed the portrait shut.The empty corridor echoed with the noise.James raised his eyebrows. The wizards were already asleep, apparently not noticing that whatever they had done was not in the least bit quiet. Praying that Lily hadn't heard him, he rounded the corner and found Sirius and Peter leaning against the wall, looking quite annoyed."Took you long enough!" muttered Sirius, accepting his end of the Invisibility Cloak. He wrapped it over his body, and Peter did the same. "If I hadn't known any better, I'd say you'd ditched us!""Don't be ridiculous," snapped James, extracting the Marauder's Map. "There's no harm in waiting a couple of minutes…"Filch and Mrs Norris were inside the Transfiguration Tower, miles away from where they were. Glancing up, James pulled the two of them with him, none of them saying a word until they had reached the Great Hall."I take it from that little display Lily still doesn't know you're an illegal Animagus?" said Peter suddenly, struggling to keep his feet hidden."Of course she doesn't," said James shortly, glancing at the Map again."And just when were you planning on telling her?"James ground to a halt, staring incredulously at Peter. "Can't we have this conversation later?""No, he's right," said Sirius, now appearing thoughtful. "Just when were you going to tell her?""I haven't gotten round to doing that, all right?" said James angrily, pushing the two of them forwards. They climbed out of one of the openings. "If I tell her, I'm going to have to explain that the two of you –""Personally, I'm fine with it," breathed Sirius as they entered the Hogwarts grounds. "If you expect this to last, you're going to have to tell her. Lily's a good bird. I trust her.""Agreed," said Peter.James growled in frustration. "You're one to talk, I'll bet my broomstick you haven't even thought about telling Marlene –""That's because we're not serious," said Sirius, jogging to keep up with him. "She doesn't ask stupid questions –""Listen," said James, trying not to let panic into his voice. He wasn't sure why he was feeling stressed. "We'll have this conversation later, all right? I'll tell Lily eventually, but right now, Moony needs us."Peter promptly turned into a rat and scurried over to the opening in the Whomping Willow; for a moment, the tree froze, and James and Sirius transformed and went down the passage. They found Moony circling around the upper room of the Shack, foam forming in his mouth, gnashing his teeth. Even well into the night, Sirius and Peter's words came back to him. He knew that he would have to tell Lily eventually.He remembered what Lily had said. A relationship is built on trust. We won't be getting anywhere if we keep secrets from each other.Soon, he resolved, as he let Moony pounce on him playfully. He wanted this to last, it was too good not to fight for it…The Marauders pranced around the forest, chasing each other until Moony tired.I'll tell her soon.Prongs, distracted with his thoughts, didn't notice Moony bite a little too hard on Padfoot's leg. His anguished howls snapped him out of his trance, and he saw Moony yelp in surprise and put his paws over his snout. If stags could sigh, he would have.This is going to be a long night, isn't it?They pushed Moony all the way to the Shrieking Shack as the first of Hagrid's roosters crowed. The sky above was still dark, but James was always one to trust chickens.Sirius limped alongside him, growling and snarling as he nudged Moony's end with his snout. James concluded that he was cursing in whatever language dogs spoke in, and he couldn't blame him. The bite on his foot looked nasty.Moony stayed silent, once or twice glancing behind with eyes James thought rather cute to be a werewolf's.He used his antlers to hold up a loose beam in the Shrieking Shack; Moony and Padfoot slipped through, Wormtail holding on tightly to the wolf's fur. James turned his head to the side and squeezed in, trying not to get his antlers caught in anything. Padfoot gave him one last reproachful look and disappeared down the secret passageway.Moony bayed.James had no idea how to comfort a werewolf, so he gave him an awkward sort of pat to the back with his hoof. Moony curled up, apparently not wanting to be seen.He and Wormtail followed Sirius quickly; if they stuck around any longer, Madam Pomfrey might discover them. In no time, they reached the Whomping Willow, and Wormtail scurried up to the opening and touched its roots; the tree became still, and James transformed and exited first. He helped Padfoot out of the hole."Pete, can you get my cloak and the map? Only I've got to carry this stupid dog with me –" he heaved Padfoot onto his back, where the dog clung to his neck like a great, shaggy rucksack. "They're in that bush – no, the other one –"They hurried back to the castle, trying to stay low. Peter led the way, holding the map and covering their snowy footprints. The way ahead seemed clear, and Sirius transformed right after they climbed through the castle walls."All right, mate?" James said alarmedly; Sirius's injury looked even more gruesome without all the fur covering it. "That doesn't look so good."His leg was matted in dry blood that went all the way down to his ankle. Torn flesh and sunken pits from where Moony's teeth had clamped shut formed a sort of U-shape that never seemed to end. The whole area was blue and slightly swollen, and bits of dirty sleet seemed to have lodged themselves inside the wound."Blimey, I didn't notice," snarled Sirius, hopping on his good foot. He gripped James's shoulder for support. "Help me walk…""We need to get you to Madam Pomfrey," said Peter, consulting the map again. "No one's up yet –""Are you mad?" Sirius's voice was hoarse. "Pomfrey'll ask questions, she knows we're Remus's mates, and she probably knows how to identify werewolf bites.""We'll get you to the Head's dorm," said James firmly. "We'll use the healing potion for emergencies.""That's reserved for Remus," muttered Sirius."I think this qualifies as an emergency, Padfoot." Peter slung Sirius's other arm around him. "Come on, there's a good boy…""I'm going to turn you into a rat permanently, Pettigrew –""Wake the whole castle, will you?" said James irritably. "Let's hurry, it's not far from here…"But it felt as though the Head's Tower was miles away. Sirius cursed and muttered under his breath. His face was starting to sweat, never a good sign. James half-considered conjuring a stretcher.Finally, they reached the painting of the two sleeping wizards. James whispered, "Neverland!" and they swung open, not even a hitch in their snoring, and they staggered inside."Lily's still asleep," said James. "We'll get you out with the invisibility cloak, and if anyone asks we'll say that the squid got you –"They stopped suddenly and abruptly as they entered the common room.James's heart skipped a beat.Sitting on one of the couches, a mug of smoking coffee in her hands, looking quite awake, was Lily. She looked at him expectantly, as though she had been waiting all night."Morning," she said absently.James was too scared to say anything.Lily raised her eyebrows. "You're supposed to say, good morning, Lily, after."Next to him, Sirius's face was a brilliant shade of red, appearing very likely to match Lily's hair."You know, it's funny that you're here, James," she continued. "I could've sworn that you said you were going to sleep just a few hours ago."Sirius groaned slightly; he gripped James's shoulders tighter. Lily sipped her coffee."Lily, I promise I can explain –""So imagine my surprise when I heard the painting open." Lily talked over him. "And I knew – either someone had gotten in, or someone was heading out. I concluded it was the latter, and so I waited, and I thought, surely, my own boyfriend wouldn't be stupid enough to go out on the night of the full moon?"Sirius started to pant. James wasn't sure how much longer he could take."So why, James Potter," said Lily, her eyes like slits, "Why were you heading out on the night of the full moon?"For a moment, no one said a word. James cringed slightly; he had never felt as trapped as he did right then."Lily, I swear there's a perfectly good explanation for this," said James, choosing to look at Lily's mug of coffee instead of those intense green eyes, "But Sirius needs help now. He's lost a lot of blood."Sirius raised his leg helpfully, grunting and cursing as he did so; Lily stared at it, her face morphing into an expression of surprise, and then she said tightly, "Fine."Taking that as approval, Peter pushed Sirius onto James's back and they climbed the stairs. His mind was numb; he could not fathom how Lily was feeling at the moment, and he did not want to think of what he would look like after Sirius and Peter left, but he pushed these thoughts to the side and set Sirius on his bed.While Peter conjured bandages and wrappings, James rummaged around in his drawer, trying to find the healing potion. He had stuffed it into one of his socks, he was sure of it, why wasn't it there?Giving up, James turned to his underwear. It wasn't there either.Now slightly desperate, he searched once more through his socks, trying to convince himself that he had missed it. He double-and-triple checked each and every balled-up pair; still no luck. Sirius's muffled grunts were sounding more frequently, and in a last, wild grab, he flung open his bottom drawer – the stash of drinks.A single bottle of Butterbeer rolled over to vision. Sloshing inside, he found that it was not the usual, bright yellow liquid that frothed at the top, but was instead a dark red substance, smooth and calm.He seized the bottle. It was warm and beat slightly, like a heart; he uncorked the top and staggered over to Sirius."Here you go, Pads," said James weakly.Sirius gulped down the potion as he would any other drink. Trickles of red liquid dribbled down his chin, but he continued to guzzle it until it emptied. The bite on his foot smoked slightly, but it looked better."How does it feel?" asked Peter. Sirius merely grunted."Help me get up," he said, stretching his hand out to James. "And make me a Pepperup Potion if you can –""You can't possibly be thinking about going to class?" said James. "Just stay here, Padfoot.""If I don't, Moony'll feel guilty," growled Sirius. "I'm fine, honestly –""No, you're not."Lily stood in the doorway, blocking the exit. She had her wand pointed up. The reason why became apparent soon; two white bags labelled Hospital Wing came floating in a moment later."You're not going anywhere, Padfoot," said Lily. "You boys can tell me why you're like this while I work on your leg."James and Peter glanced at each other nervously. Sirius tried to get up, but Lily pushed him firmly back on to the bed and raised her wand threateningly. He was reminded, quite stupidly, of Madam Pomfrey.She flicked her wand and one of the bags opened; thin, black string slithered out from it, followed by something that looked like a pair of scissors. Another twitch, and a handful of cotton and cloth, as well as a white bottle labelled Alcohol, sailed out from the other bag.Sirius made a noise somewhere in between a sob and a retch. "Wha – what're you going to do to me?""I'm going to stitch you," said Lily. "Unfortunately, a healing potion can't solve everything. You're still going to get an infection, especially if that's a werewolf bite –""You lost me at stitch," said Sirius, horrified. "You're not going to crochet me or anything, are you?""A more accurate description would be sewing your skin together," said Lily grimly. "I'll cast a spell over you so that you won't be awake. It won't hurt – at least during the process. Now stop being a baby and relax."Before Sirius could protest, Lily pointed her wand at him and muttered a spell; in an instant, he'd gone limp and fell on the bed, his mouth hanging open."You lot better tell me how he got this bite, or I'm going to knock you all unconscious," muttered Lily to James and Peter.With another nervous glance, James blurted out the story. Lily was silent as she worked, but he found that this was easier. He stared resolutely at his Quidditch posters as he told her how he and Sirius and Peter had found out that Remus was a werewolf. He started the story there; it had always started with Remus. And then, as Lily paused in her healing and rolled her hands in a go on gesture, he told her about how Sirius noticed how drained and sickly he looked after the transformations. He told her how Sirius had proposed the idea of becoming Animagi in their third year, and how they'd spent the next year cooped up in the library, going through the restricted section, practising the most complex Transfiguration spells and brewing the most disgusting potions until, after a fashion, they were confident enough in their abilities to start the process of becoming Animagi, finally able to transform during the beginning of their fifth year.When he'd finished, Lily still remained silent. She waved her wand back and forth, willing Sirius's skin to get sewn back together. James waited."So you're an Animagus," said Lily finally, packing her medical tools back in her bag. "And – let me get this straight – you became one so that you'd be able to keep Remus company?""During the full moon," responded James."During the full moon," echoed Lily. She straightened up and turned to face him and Peter. James didn't like how he wasn't able to read her face."You don't believe us?" squeaked Peter."I don't know what to believe," muttered Lily, crossing her arms. "Only one way to find out, isn't there?"James and Peter exchanged glances. "You want us to transform – now?""Obviously," said Lily stonily.Peter eyed him nervously, a silent conversation being had between them. James took a step back, and breathed deeply."You might want to move, Lily," murmured James. Lily remained where she was, her face quite impassive.Holding his breath, James cleared his mind of all but the image of Prongs, remembering his sight, his sense of smell, his great, powerful body – and he willed his heart to stop.The second heartbeat grew louder.The change was immediate, as it always was. He was standing on all fours; his head was heavier, much heavier; his vision sharpened, he didn't need his glasses anymore, and his sense of smell suddenly became a million times more powerful, he could smell Sirius's dried blood even when it had been washed off by Lily's alcohol –Lily herself had fallen on the bed, her mouth hanging open in shock. She dropped her wand, which bounced on the bed and struck Sirius with a spell.Sirius woke instantly, sitting bolt upright, his eyes zooming in on his foot. He let out a very un-Siriuslike squeal and rounded on Lily, who was still eyeing James with a mixture of fascination and disbelief."What the bloody fucking hell did –""He's an Animagus," whispered Lily hoarsely, massaging her temples. "James Potter is an Animagus…"Sirius's outraged face became amused once he saw James, and he rolled his eyes. "Stop showing off, you great prat. I'm literally dying over here."Lily turned to him quickly, as though she had just noticed he was there. "And you – Sirius, what –"Sirius grimaced and promptly turned into a dog. Lily jumped, and then stared at him."Wait a moment," said Lily slowly. "I saw you last year, when I was out on the grounds with James –"James transformed back and ran a hand through his hair nervously. The memory swam hazily to the front of his mind – there he was on a fine autumn late-afternoon, taking a stroll along the lake with Lily, and for the first few minutes they were alone, gloriously alone… and then his precious time was destroyed as Sirius came bounding up to them, licking their faces –Sirius turned into his normal, handsome self, looking sheepish. "Yeah, about that –""You kissed me," stammered Lily, a look of horrified realization dawning on her face. "You – the dog – kissed me.""Technically, I licked you," said Sirius, in spite of himself. "And let me tell you, Evans, you wouldn't believe the look on old Prongsie's face –"His words were drowned out by an otherworldly bellow. Somewhere on the floor, there was an odd, squeak-squeak-squeak as Wormtail the Rat laughed heartily."Hello, Moony," said James brightly, traipsing through his friend's bed-curtains."Hello," said Remus hollowly. He wasn't meeting his eyes. "Er – I wanted to ask, is Sirius –?""Evening, Moony." Sirius and Peter appeared out of thin air, drawing back a silky, silvery cloak. "What's up?""I'm sorry!" cried Remus ruefully; over in her office, Madam Pomfrey squinted at them. "I'm sorry, Sirius, I swear I didn't mean to, it's just – Moony – I mean, me – I didn't think I'd lose control again –"Remus buried his face into his fingers. He seemed quite deflated, as though he'd been bottling his emotions for the entire day."Hey – it's alright," said Sirius, patting his hand awkwardly. "Werewolf bites don't affect animals, remember?""Yes, but the pain's still there," said Remus thickly, his voice muffled by his hands. "I can't imagine –""Actually, it's not," said Sirius happily, pulling back his robes to reveal his leg. It was not swollen nor bleeding, and looked relatively normal except for a thin scar with strands of string-like material crisscrossing at certain intervals. Remus peeked through his fingers."It took a day of magical sleep, but I was able to heal up," continued Sirius. "Can't complain, I haven't done Flitwick's essay yet. I tell you, Prongs, your girlfriend is an actual angel…""She most definitely is, she even stopped Marlene from barging into your room to check on you, Pads," said Peter, smirking. Sirius gave a bark of laughter."Wait," said Remus slowly. "Wait, wait, wait… Lily did this? She healed you?""Sure did," said James proudly, before Sirius could answer. "Did a fantastic job, if I say so myself.""She's passed out in the Head's Tower, that's why she isn't here with us," chimed in Peter."I – passed out?" said Remus incredulously. "What exactly did she do?""It's probably from shock," said Sirius, rubbing his healed leg. "You know, from finding out that we're illegal Animagi."Remus let the words sink in before his jaw dropped slightly. "You – you told her?""Yep," said James happily. "She won't tell a soul, you know how Lily is.""I mean – it's your decision, after all, and I trust her –""Good," said Sirius, breaking a chunk off Remus's chocolate bar lying next to him. "Because now that she knows, she won't have to worry about your furry little problem that much anymore…"This was very fun to write, I thought a lighter chapter would be nice after that last one. I'm very sorry for the slow updates; I have my midterms, they'll be finishing on the 15th so after that it's back to my regular scheduled programming. I'll admit I haven't been studying much, I've been using most of my free time finishing Rick Riordan's final CHB book Tower of Nero, as well as rewatching BNHA (chapter 287 just came out and it's pretty nice) and replaying The Witcher 3. There isn't much else to do where I live.Aaaaanywho, read and review, as always, and I hope you enjoy the chapter!

Chapter Twelve: Christmas BreakThe week before term ended, Lily received a letter that, upon opening, its first words screamed out at her as though they had been pent up during the journey from Cokeworth. Dreadful words they were, too, for she immediately gave a strangled sort of yelp that caused James to look at her strangely."All right, love?"Lily shook her head slowly, staring blankly at the piece of paper held in her hands. James raised an eyebrow, concerned."Who's that from?"In answer, Lily handed him the letter. She ran a hand nervously through her hair (something she thought James was responsible for fostering in her) and waited as he read what her mother had written.It took him two minutes to clear his throat and laugh shakily. She saw him set down the letter at the breakfast table next to his half-eaten sausage."So," he began in a falsely cheery voice that made her squirm, "Petunia. Your sister. She's getting married.""Yep," she muttered grimly, not even in the mood to finish her bread and tomatoes."And your mother – Rose," he continued slowly, "she wants us to have dinner with the happy couple.""Yep," she said again."That sounds… fun, I guess?"Lily snorted. "What aspect of dinner with my sister could you possibly find appealing?""Well, after all I've heard from you, not much," he admitted apologetically, scratching the back of his head. "What about this Vernon? Is he –""He's a rude, narcissistic pile of rubbish that looks like a walrus," said Lily, so strongly that James seemed taken aback."I suppose I have no choice but to come?"Was it just her, or did he sound a tad bit excited?She eyed him suspiciously. "Of course you don't have to come. In fact, Petunia'd be over the moon if you didn't.""That seals it, then." James elbowed her playfully. "I'm not going to miss a chance to poke fun at your dear sister or her walrus-to-be. Besides, you wouldn't last two minutes in their company without me.""Even less, I think," she said gloomily, though she was secretly hoping that it wouldn't come to that. "I'll send a letter to my mum to tell her you're coming."Before James could respond, Sirius, who'd apparently been listening intently from across them, said, "Ah, how bad could it be? You two can go to that place where you watch films, the cemina, I think, while –""Cinema, Padfoot, honestly, what've you been doing in Muggle Studies?""Yeah, that," said Sirius, waving her off. "This also gives you a good chance to meet her parents, doesn't it, Prongs?"Lily looked at him in surprise. "Actually, yeah.""And Lily here can come to your place later," continued Sirius. "I think your mum'll be ecstatic to meet her, all the times you've talked about her…"James reddened slightly. "Padfoot…"Sirius turned to her, grinning mischievously. "You have to be there. Marly's staying for a few days as well, that way you won't be lonely.""That's not a bad idea," sniggered Lily. "What're the chances of James's mum loving me more than him?"Sirius stroked his chin thoughtfully. "Astronomical, I'd say. You wouldn't believe how many times James's mentioned you to her, she says you're practically part of the family now –""Padfoot," said James irritably, "Sod off, will you?"Sirius raised his glass of pumpkin juice, his stupid grin still unwavering. "Cheers."The evening before Christmas break, Lily was sat in the Gryffindor common room with the rest of her friends, having just finished packing her things. A few days ago, she'd written a letter to her mother, telling her about James; in her following letter the day after, her mother had been about as excited as a two-year-old for ice cream.She'd written to her mother a lot over her years at Hogwarts. It wasn't like she didn't know what was going on with her. But this was different.Lily had gone out with a number of boys in her time; heck, between her two best friends, she was the one who dated around the most, but she'd never written to her parents about any of them. They were, after all, just distractions for her – distractions that she felt were necessary to keep her mind off of bigger things.She'd written about James before to her parents. The first time, in her first year at Hogwarts, about a boy who liked to joke around and was kind in private, but was mean to Severus – and it sort of escalated from there. Her parents knew who James was. They'd known about him long before they had become partners.So maybe this was why her mother was excited. Lily had never brought her friends home – much less a boy, save for Severus. But that was different.Speaking of James, where was he? It had been a while since she last saw him. She looked around, realizing that she'd spaced out of the conversation. There was Marlene, snuggling up to Sirius, telling what apparently seemed to be an entertaining story to the rest of the group. Alice sat next to Em and Mary, once or twice looking up from her quill and parchment to laugh along with the group. Remus and Peter lay on their bellies near her, playing wizard's Chess; all the seventh years were here, where was James?Probably caught up in Head duties. Nothing to worry about.He'd informed her just last night that his mother had written to him as well; she'd readily agreed to his proposal, and so now, he had told her, for the first time in his life, he would be spending some part of his break in the Muggle world. She wasn't the least bit surprised by that; she knew James had lived a sheltered life under his parents, so he probably had no reason to go out to Muggle Britain. That explained quite a few things about him, now that she thought about it."There you go, zoning out again."Lily looked up, surprised; Remus was staring up at her from the floor, holding a black king in his hand. He smiled lazily at her.She returned his smile. "Well, all of you seemed busy, I didn't want to interrupt anything.""Bollocks." Remus threw the king at Peter, who fumbled it with his hands. "Budge up, will you?""But there's a chair over there," said Lily, amused, but she shifted in her armchair to make space for him."I think I'd rather sit with a friend." Remus stretched his legs and yawned. "So what's on your mind?"Lily wondered what this was about. Remus rarely asked pointless questions, maybe he had noticed something off about her? Or maybe this was a prank, and Sirius/Peter/James had set him up for this?Or perhaps he just wanted to see how she was doing. Yes, that sounded plausible.And so she said, "Nothing, really. Just wondering where James is.""Oh, he's on patrol, didn't you know?""What?" said Lily, surprised. "Is it really one of his patrol nights?"Remus laughed. "Yeah, with Benjy Fenwick. Don't tell me the Head Girl's forgotten her prefects' schedules?""Slipped out of my mind," she said easily. "When's he going to be back?"Remus glanced at his wristwatch. "His patrol's ending in a few minutes, but with James you can never be sure."Lily smirked. "Naturally. So what's been going on with you? It's been a while since we talked, just the two of us."Remus shrugged. "Life's been boring, actually. Focusing on school, hardly ever causing mischief…""Yeah, and I'm best mates with Snape again.""No, really," insisted Remus. "It's usually Sirius and Peter who're sneaking off these days, they just ask for my permission beforehand.""So you've grown out of it?" said Lily, though she thought privately that he had been mature long before now. "About time. You should give those two lessons sometime."He laughed, which was good to hear. "No, I don't think I'll ever grow out of it." He stared wistfully at Sirius and Marlene, who looked so comfortable in each other's arms it made Lily want to hex them. "As for my friends… it may not seem like it, but they've grown."Lily raised an eyebrow at him. "Whatever do you mean?"He blinked. "I mean, if you've lived long enough with those three troglodytes, you start noticing the little things. We've all come a long way.""I suppose – but what's bringing this up?""It's nothing," said Remus hastily. "Look at me, going on about the others. It's pathetic, isn't it?"Lily turned her full attention on him, her gears turning in her mind. "Remus, what –""I told you, forget I said anything." He took a shaky breath, and then tried for a brave smile. "It's just nice to see everybody happy."Lily had no idea what to say. Apparently, Remus didn't either, and he stared solemnly at the fireplace. His scarred face seemed to dim even as he did so."Are you happy, Moony?" blurted Lily suddenly.Remus seemed surprised by her question. Lily immediately kicked herself; what sort of question was that?"Am I happy?" mused Remus. "To tell you the truth – yeah, I guess. I've always been happy at Hogwarts.""Then everything's alright, isn't it?"He looked even more surprised. He glanced once more at Sirius and Marlene – and Lily suddenly understood.Remus smiled – genuinely, happily, a smile that caused his scars to fade ever-so-slightly, and made him look far younger. "Everything's perfect."Sometime later, James Potter entered the Gryffindor common room, scanned the mass of students, and spotted Remus and Lily a bit far away from the rest of the group. He ambled over to them, his arms laden with snacks and desserts."Ooh, apricot," said Lily as soon as he reached them, snatching the danish he held in his hand. Before he could protest, Remus grabbed a handful of rolls and stood up from the armchair. He bent down and whispered something to Lily, who smirked and scooted over a bit more so that James could sit down with her.He watched Moony as he walked away. Lily turned to him."Where've you been?"James bit into his tart. "Kitchens, obviously.""I meant before that, with Benjy Fenwick."Benjy Fenwick?"Well then, you should've said," he said, trying to play it cool. "Fenwick and I were patrolling on the fifth floor. Ran into a couple of Slytherins."He offered her another danish."And?" she asked. "Surely it couldn't have taken so long?"James grimaced. "I'll spare you the details, just know that a whole bunch of points were lost and Fenwick's probably going to limp for a few days, but all-in-all… it went fine."He saw Remus turn his head slightly and shoot him a quizzical look. Keeping care not to let Lily see him, he mouthed, I'll tell you later, and Remus nodded."Is that it?" murmured Lily, frowning. "Must've been some duel, huh?"James squeezed her shoulder, grateful that she hadn't asked for the whole story. He wasn't sure if he could bring himself to tell her the truth. After fifteen minutes, he was slightly disappointed when she announced that she was going to bed, and Marlene jumped up from Sirius's lap instantly; she begged Lily to sleep in their dorm, and after a slight disagreement, she kissed James goodnight and went up the stairs.With the usual noise of many dozens of students following them up, the Gryffindor common room was left nearly empty as the lights were turned off and the candles snuffed out. James, who was in no hurry at all to leave, stayed behind with the rest of the Marauders. Remus frowned at him."You weren't really patrolling with Benjy Fenwick, were you?" he guessed, once everyone had left and there was no one to disturb them. "Good thing Lily forgot about your patrol schedule, because it ended an hour ago and Fenwick was already heading to his common room when I was talking to her.""Was that you?" said James gratefully. "Thanks, Moony. I had no idea why she brought Fenwick up, I was sure I was dead.""Well don't just ramble on, give us the details," said Peter impatiently. "You were with Snape, weren't you?"For a moment, James said nothing at all. He sighed and leaned his head against the back of the sofa, staring up at the dark ceiling."Yeah," he said hollowly. "Ran into him after patrol was over.""Prongs, you idiot," said Remus angrily. "I thought you said you weren't going to go around hexing him anymore.""What was I supposed to do?" exploded James suddenly, running a hand anxiously through his hair. His mind flitted back to his patrol last week, where he had found two Hufflepuff students all alone at night, slumped against the wall and glazed, far-away looks on their faces. Blood had trickled down their chins and onto their laps, dripping slowly, reminding him of far worse things, that crept up in his dreams, that he refused to talk to Lily about –"You should've left him alone, that's what," said Remus in affronted tones, apparently upset that James had gotten angry."And then what?" he snarled, crossing his arms. "Greet him like we're mates, make amends, offer him tea? Say, Hey Snivvy! 'S been a while. Great spell last week, was the vomiting blood a side effect, or did you intend for them to do that?"He looked away, scowling. His hands were shaking slightly."Prongs, I know that what he did was horrible, but –" began Sirius, but he was interrupted by James."Oh, now your brain isn't completely Confunded?" he demanded angrily. "You're one to talk. If you'd seen Snape wandering alone in the dark, I'll bet you would've jumped him as well.""Yes, I would have," said Sirius coldly. "Every time I see him, I can't help but feel like I want to curse that greasy git into oblivion. I thought you'd changed. Lily thought you changed."He remained quite still as the impact of Sirius's words sank into him. He took a deep breath, trying to calm down, and he looked his best mate in the eye."I'm sorry," he said."Don't be," Sirius said coolly.Remus threw bits of his roll at him. "Back to the topic. Did he get you?"The others remained quiet as James moved around his body, trying to remember if Snape had hit him with anything. The duel had been quick, and James had hit him with a nice little spell that would be easy to revert, but he remembered a flash of light, after which his body had convulsed violently…"No," he said finally. "I'm just sore all over, but I think I'm fine."Peter looked relieved. He patted his arm weakly, and James shot him a small smile."Just don't go tangling with him again," said Remus sternly. "He's bad news. Not just for you, but Lily as well.""Yeah, yeah, I've learned my lesson, Moony," said James, though his words passed through his ear and went out the other one. Remus rolled his eyes.James stayed silent, massaging bits of his arm. He was sure Snape would be found soon – it was nearly one o'clock, after all – but he couldn't help but feel the slightest bit of remorse for what he had done. Just a bit."He's something else, you know," murmured James suddenly. "Snivellus," he added, seeing his friends' confused faces, and then he barged on, "He's brilliant. I dunno how he isn't top of the year when he goes around creating spells and all –""I highly doubt he created them, he probably got them from a book in the Restricted Section," said Remus reproachfully."He created them," said James firmly. "Don't tell me you've seen that Sectumsempra being used before –""That's just coincidence, no seventeen-year-old's going to be creating spells, that's much too advanced –""We became Animagi before we turned of age," he reminded him. "We created the Marauder's Map. Messing with spell theory, creating new curses – it doesn't sound so far-fetched.""Yes, but –" Remus appeared to be struggling to find the right words. "That's dark magic, James. I doubt even Dumbledore at seventeen –""Snape's going to be the biggest threat once we graduate," said Peter grimly, cutting Remus off. "We all know he's headed straight for the Death Eater recruitment program next year. Bloody hell, he might even take over for You-Know-Who once he snuffs –"Sirius burst out laughing."Snivellus Snape, take over for Voldemort?" sniggered Sirius. Remus rounded on him."Don't underestimate him," he warned."No one's underestimating him," said James swiftly. "Look, all I'm trying to say is that Snape's probably the most brilliant student at Hogwarts right now, and we should all be careful of him.""That's what I've been telling you," said Remus crossly.As he followed the Marauders up the stairs to his previous dorm, James rubbed his hand subconsciously over his chest, where he knew Snape's scars still remained. He wondered how many more he would have to receive before the war was over. Maybe he should ask Moony."On the train, everybody, let's go!" bellowed James the next morning, holding on tightly to Lily's hand so that they wouldn't be swept away by the crowd. The new conductor, fat and balding (looking very much like Slughorn, but James kept that information private), shouted out similar phrases from the front of the train.They got on the train soon after, once the rest of the students had boarded; he and Lily made their way to the front carriage, where they'd be conducting a prefects' meeting.It was, as James had anticipated, boring, long and tiring. He did most of the talking (Lily had been kind enough to remind him that, after all, last time she had taken charge) and answered most of the questions, rounding it up in the first half-hour of the train ride by giving out the usual instructions.The train ride itself was uneventful. He played hangman with Marlene, who was apparently rather good at the game; he napped on Lily's shoulder, who gradually became annoyed by it and shoved him off halfway through the journey; he read Quidditch Through the Ages for what he felt was the millionth time, until, eventually, finally, the Hogwarts Expressed slowed down and pulled into Platform 9 ¾.As usual, he and Lily got off first, weaving through the crowd of wizards and witches waiting on the pavement. They pushed them all back, his voice slightly hoarse from all the repeating that he did – soon after, the train doors opened, and the students spilt onto the platform."Oh yes, don't mind me as I'm carrying your trunk, Prongs," said Sirius sarcastically from behind them. "Just say your goodbyes and get a move on, or Marly and I'll leave without you."James ignored him. He hugged Lily tightly, trying not to let his emotions spill out. He'd grown used to seeing her every day, spending time with her outside of class, strolling along the grounds; even if it was for a few days, he would miss her terribly.Lily seemed to understand. She smiled weakly up at him, wrapping her arms around her waist."We'll see each other soon," she murmured, so softly James's heart danced. "I'll owl you as soon as I get home, OK?""Yeah, all right," he said heavily, trying not to tighten his grip on her. She stood on her toes and he leaned down instinctively, and then suddenly they were kissing, slow and light at first, and then it gradually became stronger, hungrier, as it usually did – there were a hundred other people watching, he didn't care as long as he could kiss her, one hand on the surface of her warm jumper and another tangling itself in her long, red hair, hiding tantalizingly under her grey winter knit –"Honestly!" said Marlene pointedly, glaring at them both. "It's just for a few days, it's not like you're never going to see each other again!"He pulled back from her, grinning triumphantly. Sirius rolled his eyes and tapped his foot impatiently.The four of them marched through the barrier, where they found Remus and Peter conversing lightly a few feet away from them; James said his goodbyes to them both, though he knew Remus would be joining him and Sirius later that evening, or tomorrow – Peter would be spending his break in Norddeutschland with his mother, which meant he wouldn't be able to see his friend all winter.He finished hugging Peter and ambled off to join Lily. She had just run up to hug a couple – her parents, he guessed. Kind and welcoming they were, though slightly tired-looking as well. James realized, with slight embarrassment, that he had never asked Lily for her father's name.Sirius nudged him with his elbow and he stumbled forwards awkwardly, not at all feeling like the brave, strong Gryffindor he usually thought himself as. Though he was taller than him, James felt as though he was shrinking under Mr Evans's curious gaze.To his surprise, Mr Evans stuck out his hand and smiled warmly at him. "Howard. A pleasure to meet you, Mr Potter."James gripped it tightly, bemused at how his girlfriend's father could be so nice. "Pleasure to meet you too, Mr Evans.""Nice, firm handshake you have there," commented Mr Evans mildly, letting go of his hand. "That's an athlete's grip if I've ever felt one."James glanced at Lily nervously; she rolled her eyes then smiled encouragingly at him."Er – yes, I play Quidditch, sir." He resisted the urge to run his fingers through his hair. "I'm a Chaser, I… er – I catch the ball and score.""I know what Quidditch is," said Mr Evans, smiling at him. "My daughter's told me all about it, why, if I remember, she's mentioned you several times as well –""Dad!" Lily turned red.Mr Evans only chuckled. "Yes, yes, I'll save it for when we officially meet." He turned back to James and then gestured at the pretty woman next to him. "My wife, Primrose."She gripped his hand and shook it enthusiastically. She had Lily's red hair and her fair complexion; her eyes, pale and so unlike Lily's, were rimmed by a pair of large glasses that were slightly lopsided, like James's."We've heard so much about you, James Potter," she said, and then she whispered into his ear, "Between you and me, you're the only person that Lily's ever brought home from school, so you must mean a lot to her."He felt his face heat up and his tongue tie in a way that made him unable to speak; Mrs Evans only smiled at him and let go of his hand. She then turned to Lily, who appeared as though she wanted to dissolve into the wind.Mr and Mrs Evans said a few words to Lily, to which she only nodded, and went off to the car park and waited patiently by their Cadillac.Lily turned to him, her face torn between amusement and despair. "Some parents, huh?"James laughed, letting his nervousness go. "I think they're great. They look like you."She stepped forwards and planted another kiss on his lips; he kissed back, almost wistfully."I'll owl you as soon as I can," she said, repeating her words. She waved a gloved hand and took hold of her trunk, and then went off to her car."They're odd, Muggles," said Sirius, slinging an arm around him. "You know, I always thought Mr Evans would be scary and imposing, because that's what Lily's like, but no, he's this nice bloke with good manners. Makes you wonder whether Lily's a legitimate child."Both James and Marlene elbowed him rather roughly at that, and he doubled over in his laughter."To Potter Manor, then?" said Marlene, taking hold of his and Sirius's hands. "My Mum and Dad'll come visit us in a few days, fair warning.""I always liked your parents, Marls," said James, relieving Sirius of the weight of his trunk. "To Potter Manor, then."Returning to the Muggle world wasn't such a bad thing, Lily had come to realize over the years, but she couldn't help but admit one teensy little fact: it was so very, incredibly dull.She missed Hogwarts. She missed the magical staircases that used to make her queasy in her first year. She missed the sound of the morning post owls swooping in through the ceiling of the Great Hall. She missed the food and the House Elves, whom she had come to regard as her friends. She especially missed getting yelled at by McGonagall after being late to class with James, their uniforms slightly rumpled and their faces very flushed.Thinking about all this, she couldn't help but compare her simple childhood home to the magnificent, magical castle – which she thought rather unfair, because they were two very different places located in two very different worlds. The Evans household didn't have paintings that would laugh at her after tripping over herself, for one thing.She spent most of her evenings up in her room, enjoying her peace; that, at least, was something that remained unchanged. Petunia, she'd been informed, was staying with the Dursleys (she almost puked at the thought) which meant that Lily wouldn't have to see her until the dreaded day.The dreaded day, unfortunately, was coming up rather quickly. She'd agreed to a date two days before Christmas; that way she and James would be able to exchange gifts without getting in the way of their families. After Christmas, all the way until break ended, she'd be staying at the Potters'.The night before her dinner with Petunia, Lily sat on the couch in the sitting room, watching reruns of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer on the telly with her parents. She didn't really pay attention to it, as most of the specials were already ingrained into her mind, and instead chose to read Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland, a short picture book Sirius had given her before the break. Her dad stole glances at the book whenever Hermey disappeared off the screen."Excited about tomorrow, dear?" asked her mother absently.Lily resisted the urge to sigh. "Simply thrilled."She shared an amused look with her father, who only smiled mysteriously and went back to reading her book.Her mother frowned disapprovingly at both her and her dad. "At least try to be nice, Lily – don't you think it's time you put this ridiculous animosity behind you and make up with your sister?""I do try," said Lily, flipping the page. "It's Petunia that won't shut up about me being a witch, she's never failed to remind me whenever I see her, not once, Mum, that I'm a freak and an abnormality –""Petunia is jealous of you, as you very well know," said her mother reprovingly. "Not everyone has little sisters that are magical witches.""Yes, but not everyone goes out of their way to make their little sisters feel as though they don't belong," said Lily flatly. "You know her better than anyone, Mum – couldn't you try talking to her?""Definitely not," said her mother, looking scandalized. "This is a problem you two must work out for yourselves, after all.""That's going great, isn't it?" said Lily sarcastically. "Listen, Mum, I'll try to keep things civil – and hopefully we'll go from there. I'm more worried about James and Vernon."She raised her eyebrows. "James and Vernon? Why?"Lily pretended to think about it. "Well, for starters, they're both proud, big-headed blokes. You both know what Vernon's like –" her dad snorted " – and James can be really nasty when he wants to –""Nasty?" said her father suddenly, straightening. "Lily, if he –""No, no, no," said Lily hastily, realizing how badly she'd worded that. "Merlin, that sounded wrong. James is very sweet and kind, and we're best friends, even before we started… you know… but he's not going to take an insult laying down, that's what I meant."When her father still looked reproachful, she sighed and said, "Look, Dad. James is one of the best people I know, and he's really protective of the people he cares about. He doesn't really understand the Muggle world – I mean, this world – and if you pair that with Vernon Dursley, who's probably the last person on earth James should be meeting…""It's a recipe for disaster," finished her dad grimly. "Yes, I see what you mean."Her family remained silent as Yukon Cornelius bid the world goodbye and fell off the cliff."Honestly, James, just calm down," implored Marlene as he paced around his room."I am calm," retorted James, trying to push his panic away.It was the 23rd of December, which meant that James would be going out to the Muggle world to have dinner with his scary girlfriend and her scary sister and her even scarier fiancé. The sky outside was cloudless and pink, and specks of dust seemed to dance in the shaft of the late-afternoon sunlight that slanted through the windows. Laying on the bed, watching him in apparent amusement, were Marlene and Sirius.Sirius snorted easily. "Bollocks. You're a nervous wreck, mate, and that's normal.""None of this is normal," said James flatly, ceasing his pacing and sitting down with them. "I'm going to Cokeworth, for Merlin's sake – what the bloody hell am I supposed to do?""What's so bad about Cokeworth?" asked Marlene.James groaned. "It's Muggle, Marly – I don't know the first thing about what Muggles do! I'm going to embarrass her for sure, what was I thinking?""Weren't you the one who hexed Bertram Aubrey because of something he said about disgusting Muggle dogs?"He rubbed circles around his forehead, trying to make his rather intense headache go away. Between Sirius and Marlene, he would be lucky to ever get anything done. Asking help from Remus was not an option, either – he'd left just a few hours ago, saying that he had important matters to attend to and would be back tomorrow morning.Sirius nudged him with his elbow. "A drink, that's what you need. You'll be back to your old self in no time, guaranteed.""I've had enough alcohol to last me the whole winter, Pads," mumbled James, which was true, since most of his nights were spent drinking firewhisky with Marlene and Sirius once they weren't under the watchful eye of his mother."Well, at least get her a gift, you'll look right stupid if you show up without one," said Marlene."But I've already got a Christmas present for her."Marlene appeared to be restraining herself from rolling her eyes."Not a Christmas present, you prat, I meant something separate," she said. "Something like flowers, or… or chocolate.""Yeah," muttered James, "Yeah… a gift…"He groaned again and sprawled on his back, staring blankly at his ceiling. A gift… what would Lily even like?Marlene snorted decisively as though she had heard his thoughts. "Don't go with flowers, though – I've heard firsthand from her that she's sick of getting flowers from boys.""If only Lily could see how desperate you are now," drawled Sirius. James ignored him."I've still got a box of Honeydukes, I'll give her that."Marlene nodded. "Everyone loves chocolate. And also, speaking of gifts – what did you get her for Christmas?"James glanced at his handsomely-wrapped package that was Lily's present, sitting on his desk. "I got her a watch."This time Marlene rolled her eyes disbelievingly. "A watch? Why in Merlin's bloody beard would you get her a watch?""I noticed she hasn't got one," said James defensively, "You know that old tradition where wizards and witches get watches for their seventeenth? I thought it would be nice, since she hasn't got any magical family, and it's even better because she won't be turning eighteen until the end of January! I've been planning this for weeks, I'm giving it to her."Marlene blinked. Perhaps, thought James, she hadn't considered the possibility that he would have put any thought into his gift."I guess if you put it that way…"Sirius beamed at him. "I think it's brilliant. You might even get to shag her, Prongs.""No," said James shortly, scowling at him. "Padfoot, I sometimes wish you didn't have a mouth."His tone of voice did nothing to wipe Sirius's cheeky smile off his face. When his mother called up to them, saying that she needed help with the Christmas tree, they all jumped up from his bed and made their way downstairs.An hour later, after double-checking that his gift had not, in fact, disappeared from the wrapping, and his box of Honeydukes' Best still remained unopened, he opened the door to his room to tell his parents that he was leaving. He was about to go down the stairs when Marlene's voice rang out suddenly from Sirius's room."You're meeting her in that?"James looked down automatically at his clothes. They looked fine to him; obviously, he wasn't going to win any beauty contests, but overall a nice warm jacket and a pair of trousers didn't seem to be cause for any reprimanding.James eyed her dubiously. "Why, what's wrong with it?"Sirius poked his head out from the doorframe, took one look at his clothes and promptly sniggered. "Prongs, I think you're forgetting that you're not just meeting her for a date, you're meeting her sister, too.""Well, what do you suggest I wear, then?" said James indignantly."I dunno," said Sirius, in a tone of voice that suggested he very well did know. "Just wear dress robes, like you would for any other date.""Wouldn't that stand out in the Muggle world?""No," said Marlene in a strangely composed voice. "I heard from Lily and Mary Macdonald that Muggles love to wear exotic clothing, you'll be every girl's wet dream."James snorted. "Appreciate the compliment, McKinnon. I'll go with dress robes."It was a mark of how nervous he was for the evening that he didn't hear two different howls of laughter come from the upper floor that shook the entire manor right before he left.Extremely sorry for the slow updates, this chapter was a breeze to write and due to that I've been putting it off for a couple of days. No excuses, just a lazy author. The next one I've started working on, it's still in its early stages so it probably won't be published until early November. Happy Halloween in advance!

For the first four years of his life, Gale was happy. They lived in a small five room home, just outside of Sevenoaks. His parents were happy.Aurora Blackbriar, his Mum, was an overanxious lady, known in the area for her amazing nature paintings. Her hair was long and dark, shrouding her freckled face from view. Contrasting her hair were her bright blue eyes, which when in the right light appeared to glow.Gale's Dad, Remus Lupin was a taller man, with light brown hair that, despite being in his twenties, had flecks of grey throughout it. He was the only one in the family able to maintain a job, though still found himself fired because of his… problem.Though they had very little to their name, the family was happy, but that changed suddenly."Gale, time to get up."A small boy, with messy russet brown hair, rolled over in a worn twin-sized bed. He buried his freckled face into the bed cushion, wincing when he felt a bent spring jabbed into his leg. With significant effort the boy pulled himself out from under the warm blankets. Stood in the bedroom door was Remus, dressed in a shabby set of muggle clothes."Get up, Mum's made pancakes." Remus told him, then he pulled away from the door and headed down the hall.Gale quickly maneuvered around the small room, practically throwing on clothes, then walked down the hall, though he really wanted to run.Despite the house's overall ramshackle appearance, the interior was warmly lit, with many bright landscape paintings, all done by Aurora, and various family photos, most without Remus.From halfway down the hall, Gale could see both of his parents having an anxious conversation, Aurora kept wringing her hands as she spoke, and Remus was running his hands in his hair. His face held frustrated resignation, his body slouched over slightly, at whatever Aurora said next.Gale's hazel eyes met Remus' amber ones, causing Remus to straighten up and sort of wave Aurora away. She moved over to the petite kitchen and grabbed a few plates, with stacks of pancakes.Gale bolted over to his spot across from his dad."How are you this morning, little cub?" Aurora inquired, as she set the plates down on the table, settling in her own seat on Gale's left.Gale feigned a grimace, "Really tired. Why do you have to go to work so early, Dad?" His gaze shifted completely onto Remus as he faked a whine.A soft chuckle emanated from Remus, "It's a part of having a job. If I could, I would work from home like you two." He shot a quick wink to Gale.A scowl appeared on Gale's face, "Nothing's stopping you." He grumbled, going as far as to moodily cut and stab his syrup-soaked pancakes."Gale Remus Lupin, eat your food, don't play with it." Aurora snapped, "And you Remus John Lupin, I thought you were better than that to know there is no work at the table." Her forest green eyes narrowed at them, but there was a noticeable gleam of amusement in her eyes.The two exchanged feigned surprise, as if they had not expected her to snap, then broke down into laughter. Once the laughter petered out, they settled down and ate the food in front of them, or in Gale's case, eat some of his, then stole some from his parent's plates.Aurora was quick, cleaning the dishes and table, as Remus got ready to leave. Gale moved closer to his father, his whole-body tense and worried, seeing this, Remus knelt before him.He placed a hand on his son's shoulder, "Keep an eye on your Mum, cub. She'll need you while I'm gone." Gale's head lowered.Quietly he asked, "Will you be gone everyday?" Gales eyes fixed themselves to his father's rather nice, if a bit worn, shoes.There was a soft sigh, before Gale was pulled into a warm embrace, "If this goes well, yes, but I will still be home everyday, Cub." he ruffled Gale's hair, then pulled away with a light grin. Gale' gaze lifted to meet his father's. There was a long pause, then Remus stood, patting Gale, on the head, "You cute, Cub."Gale's reaction was adorable. Nose wrinkling and eyes narrowing in a loose approximation of anger, he then huffed and moved away from his father.Aurora laughter filled the small living space, "He's going to start believing you soon." She moved up to Remus and gave him a gentle kiss. She pulled back and began adjusting his suit, "Remus, please stay safe." Aurora said softly, "You know that they aren't all gone."Remus grabbed her hand and lifted it to his lips, "I know, Aurora, I'll be perfectly safe. Keep your wand close." he warned, letting go of her, his gaze shifted to the boy behind her, who was trying to 'sneakily' raid the fridge. "I think you had enough pancakes, Cub."Gale paused, and then proceeded to knock over a lamp, and go tumbling to the floor in a heap. Aurora swiftly turned and picked the lamp up, then began checking over Gale. She sent her husband a nod and watched as he finally exited the small ramshackle house.She easily set Gale in one of the dining chairs, "Next time, wait before scouting for food, Gale." Her eyes were intent, causing Gale to look away guiltily. She shook her head, and leaned forward, "How about you get our supplies together." She pulled away to watch as Gale lit up.He scrambled from his seat, almost falling over in excitement, then bolted into his parent's bedroom. The room was sparsely decorated and filled with a chipped wood bed and creaky greying dresser. Gale opened the middle drawer and began pulling out many painting supplies. Brushes of assorted sizes, with a simple wooden palette, a large Canvas, with a smaller one for him. He dumped it on the bed, then crouched down to retrieve the basic basket that was tucked beneath the bed. Gale pushed the materials into the basket, then maneuvered out of the bedroom.In the living space, Aurora had shifted the table under the window, then had started setting up an antique free-standing easel. She glanced back at Gale, who was struggling to lift the basket high enough to set it on the table. She moved over and helped, then began to unpack the basket. She skillfully set up her own canvas on the easel, then arranged the rest of the supplies out for Gale.The morning went by rather swiftly, as they both painted. Aurora created a beautiful nature scene with a wolf hunting, while Gale painted a simple creature that he claimed was a cat. When the living spaces were brightest, Aurora began to clean up their space, efficiently organising the room around the happily painting boy.Once the area was sufficiently clean to her, she started making sandwiches. The bread was remarkably close to being stale, but besides that the simple meal was good. Slowly, Aurora started doing the chores, making her way through the laundry as Gale played in the half forest, back garden. She was fast, sorting through the clothes, and hanging them, all while keeping an eye on her son as he wandered around.Two hours passed calmly, then a loud crack rang out through the air. Aurora stiffened up, her eyes darting around the environment. As soon as she spotted Gale, she ushered him inside, right into his room. Gale nervously hunkered down in his small closet, as loud voices filled the house."Well, well, well, Amycus… Looks like we have finally found the witch who dared betray the Dark Lord." A harsh, slightly wheezy voice stated. Straining his ears gale could hear them moving around the living area.A mocking male voice quickly joined in the taunting, "Indeed, Sister. Little Aurora will get what is coming for her. As well as that half-breed." They both giggled and began moving around.Gale went still when the sounds of someone outside his door reached him. The person outside stopped right in front of his door.There was a long pause, and the sound of the knob turning, then Aurora shouted, "I won't allow you to touch my home!" something shattered then she let out a sharp scream. The two circled her, that is when Gale made his decision. He cautiously opened his bedroom door and peaked out. Towards the living space, he could see his Mother, and a large puddle of blood, over her was a plump woman, dressed in a dark cloak that obscured her features. He went pale, as he gazed at his mother's form. The Female stood and turned, eyes locking onto Gale."Look at that Brother, a little whelp." the other cloaked individual turned.Gale didn't need much more warning, turning and bolting out the shattered backdoor, down the patio steps, and out into the forest that surrounded the house. He was quicker than the two adults and much smaller. He easily moved through the thick brush and twisted roots. Halfway to his decided destination, he paused leaning against a tree.He took in rapid breaths, jumping at every little twig snap, and the blowing wind."Whelp, where did you go? We planned a nice little party, just for you and you dear Mother."Gale jumped and slipped on a patch of mud, slamming into a rather sharp branch. He let out a loud yelp, as the broken wood dug into his skin. He pushed himself up, eyes never leaving the branch now half protruding from him. His body trembled, and an arm came up to lightly tug at the wood, but he was quick to stop as the pain shot through him.The sound of crunching twigs caught his attention, and he shot to his feet. "Come here kid, my sister didn't mean to scare you." The male voice echoed from a nearby bush.Gale didn't hesitate, fleeing in the opposite direction of the voice.The sun slowly disappeared amongst clouds, just as Gale, stumbled into a small wooden cabin. The outside was weathered, and the door was crooked, and pushing the door open revealed the damaged interior. Inside the simple furniture was ripped and gouged, by what appeared to be claws, and on the wall opposite the door was an old fireplace. Sitting on the mantle was a small vase, only just out of reach for the small four-year-old.Gale shut the door and pushed a rather light side table in front of it, then moved to stare up at the vase. His eyes began to water, and he pulled at his hair hunching over. Which sent a large wave of pain through his form. He straightened up, hoping for the pain to stop, but it didn't.He took in unsteady breaths, as he looked down at the branch still in his chest. Slowly he brought a hand up and grabbed it. Gale's eyes closed, and he took in a deep breath… then yanked it out, sending an enormous, crippling shockwave of pain throughout his entire form. A few tears slipped down his face, but he refused to make a sound.Slowly, and using the broken branch that had once been in him, he knocked the vase down, sending a fair amount of a white powder cascading down to the floor. He sluggishly reached down and grasped a handful of the powder then stepped into the fireplace. He stopped with his hand outstretched, trying to think of someplace that he could go.He threw his hand down, and said as clearly as possible, "Headmaster's Office, Hogwarts." then threw the powder down. Then in a sudden swirl of green fire, he was off. Hurtling past hearth after hearth, barely catching a glimpse of the rooms beyond, until he landed in a tall, cluttered office.He swayed on his feet, eyes barely focusing on the older man sitting at a desk. He was gazing at Gale over a pair of half-moon spectacles, blue eyes filled with understanding. Then Gale collapsed.Gale awoke in a well-lit room, and by his side was his Father. Remus was asleep, clothes stained with dirt and blood, and despite sleeping, he was tense. Off to the side a woman was shuffling some potions around. She turned and immediately caught sight of Gale blinking awake, she quickly made her way over with a tray of potions, handing them to Gale."Drink that darling, it may taste bad, but it'll work wonders." Her voice was soft, as she helped him drink.Each potion tasted worse than the one before, and Gale found himself gagging on the strange earthy flavours. After choking down the disgusting potions, the woman lightly shook Remus awake.He shot up, gaze flicking around the room in panic before they settled on Gale. there was a brief pause, as he assessed his son, then shifted closer. Gale burrowed himself into his father's chest, then finally let himself cry, loud heart wrenching sobs.He knew his mom was gone. If she had been able, she would have been right by his father.The arms around Gale tightened, and he could feel moisture on his head, as well as the shaking of his father's shoulders.Later they would go back to their small five room home, just outside of Sevenoaks. Later they would bury Aurora Alexandria Blackbriar.But right now, they were focused on each other, sitting in the hospital wing of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

Shifting among the crowded streets of London was annoying, but definitely necessary. Waiting for someone in that same crowd was borderline impossible. Gale had all but given up on trying to spot his father among the crowd, instead he took to counting the passing cars. One, two, three… and so on."Gale." The amused voice of his dad startled him. His hazel eyes flickered up, and he gave Remus a sheepish smile."Sorry Dad, I got distracted."Remus lightly shook his head, a small chuckle escaping him. He reached out, wrapping an arm around Gale, then moved them forward. It was a rather short walk to the doors of the Leaky Cauldron, it was rather strange to slip into a building that no one appeared to notice, but Gale guessed he would just have to adjust.The two quietly made their way through the establishment, Remus nodded to a few patrons, but nobody Gale recognized. Exiting the backdoor revealed a brick wall, looking over it revealed nothing about what lay beyond it, though Gale was not tall enough to see over it.The two quietly made their way through the establishment, Remus nodded to a few patrons, but nobody Gale recognized. Exiting the backdoor revealed a brick wall, looking over it revealed nothing about what lay beyond it, though Gale was not tall enough to see over it.He watched as his dad drew his wand and tapped one brick decisively. There was a pause, as he drew his wand back in, tucking it away, then the wall opened into an archway. They passed through, and Gale glanced back to watch as the brick arch moved back, as if it had never moved.Remus led the way through the winding street, and Gale found himself watching each building as they passed. Each one was unique, with gravity defying towers and angles.Remus opened the parchment with Gale's school list on it, "Let's start with your cauldron first, Cub." He led them over to a small establishment, with a sign labeled 'Potage's Cauldron shop'. It had large stacks of cauldrons outside, each well kept and glittering in the early morning sun. Gale grimaced as they entered, it was obvious that they kept their better stock outside for passersby to see, as all the cauldrons inside were scratched, bent or rusted.Remus easily picked out the best one and purchased it. He lifted it by the handle, then held it out for Gale, who grasped the pewter nervously.They quickly made their way through Gale's Hogwarts list, relying mostly on second-hand stores to purchase expensive things, like the books and robes.As their visit began to come to a close, Gale couldn't help but point out, "We haven't gotten a wand yet Dad." His hazel eyes watched as Remus smiled in amusement."How about," Remus started, hand settling on Gale's shoulder, "You go to Ollivander's, to go find your wand. I have to go get you something." He smiled at Gale, "A celebratory gift just for you."Gale blinked in surprise, before a small, excited smile spread across his face. He gave a brief nod to his dad, before bolting towards a narrow and shabby looking shop. Its sign read 'Ollivander's' in chipped gold paint.As Gale pushed the door open a tinkling bell echoed throughout the back of the shop. The front was rather small, with a small frail looking chair sitting near the window. Peering past the desk Gale could see the rows and rows of stacked boxes, each one rather slim."Good Morning," an old man with pale eyes, said as he emerged from behind a stack of boxes, startling Gale.Gale subconsciously ducked his head, "H-hello.""Ah, I was waiting far to long to see you, Gale Lupin. You look much like your mother." The man paused for a moment, eyes searching Gale. "A rowan wand with a dragon heartstring core. Twelve and a half inches. A good dueling wand. Does your father still have his wand?"Gale nodded, eyes wide in surprise, it was hard to imagine, remembering people's wands, as well as their faces.Mr. Ollivander nodded, "A cypress, with a unicorn hair core. A reliable one, that one." Mr. Ollivander had moved out of sight now, and the sound of boxes being moved reached his ears. He re-emerged, boxes under one arm and a tape measure in the other. "Please extend your wand arm, Mr. Lupin."Dutifully, Gale extended his right arm, eyes locked on the tape measure as it suddenly shot to his side and began measuring his arm. As it did so, Mr. Ollivander began speaking, "you must remember, Mr. Lupin, no two wands are the exact same, no matter how much they may look it. No one's wand will treat you the same as the wand that chooses you." He then approached with a box in hand, "That will do." He said to the tape measure, then it crumpled to a heap on the floor. "Try this one."In his hand was a simple curved wand, with a simple curved handle. Hesitantly, Gale picked it up."Black Walnut, with a dragon heartstring core. Nine and a half inches. Nice and flexible."Gale held on to the wand for a moment, took a deep breathe, then gave the wand a swish in the air. Before he had finished his movement, Mr. Ollivander had taken it and moved to rummage through the few boxes he had brought forward."Pine, with unicorn hair. Eleven inches. Simple and rigid." The wand he handed Gale was cold to the touch, and when he waved it the chair beside him roared into flame.Gale jumped away from the chair, and hastily set the wand on the counter. Mr. Ollivander just waved his own wand, and the chair was extinguished, looking as if it had never caught fire. Gale watched as Mr. Ollivander shook his head, then turned and wandered back down the stack of boxes, before reappearing with another box in hand. He opened it, then held the box out for Gale.Gale looked between the wand and Mr. Ollivander, apprehension filling his mind. Finally, after a long minute, he took the wand. Holding that wand was vastly different to the other two. This wand filled him with warmth, and a sense of companionship that he had not felt in nearly 7 years. He flicked the wand up, and a bright trail of small white and yellow stars followed its movements.Ollivander smiled, "Well done. Twelve and a quarter inch. Adler with a unicorn hair core. Slightly springy. This wand suggests you are a kind man."Gale nodded absently, as he began examining his new wand. Its handle was carved like a flower bud at the top, with a strange, hooked curve at its base. Two delicate leafy vines were carved into the wood and painted a light natural green.Mr. Ollivander leaned forward, attracting Gale's attention, "That wand will lead you well, Mr. Lupin, trust it."The tinkling bell echoed within the recesses of the shop, as Remus stepped into the shop. He bowed his head as soon as he saw Mr. Ollivander, "Garrick, has he found a wand?"Mr. Ollivander nodded, his pale eyes moving away from Gale. "It will cost 9 Galleons, Remus Lupin."Gale glanced at his father, worried about how much everything was costing, but Remus simply nodded, as he pulled out a small coin purse. He rapidly counted out the money needed, and handed it over, taking the box then extending it to Gale. Taking the hint, Gale tucked his wand back in its box and closing it.As they exited Gale noticed his Father pick up a small animal carrier, "What's in that Dad?" he couldn't help but ask, eyes transfixed on it.His father chuckled, "That is your gift, lets stop at the Ice Cream Parlour, you can open it there."Gale nodded quickly, following his father all the while trying, and failing, to see what was in the carrier.Once they had both settled down with ice cream, Remus lifted the carrier and set it on the table, amber eyes watching Gale, who was trying to eat his Ice cream as quickly as possible."Slow down Gale, you're going to get a brain freeze." He advised, amusement filling his voice. Gale slowed, but he did not pause, even when his father's prediction proved to be true.He finished his ice cream in record time, then pulled the carrier towards him, peering in through the door. The inside was dark, and there was a small mound of cloth against the back. Looking closer Gale could make out his shirt among the cloth, and a small ball of dark fur. Two bright blue eyes opened, and blinked at him, from the darkened carrier.Gale's jaw dropped, and he wrenched open the carrier. He carefully reached in, feeling soft fur beneath his fingers, he gently grasped the creature and pulled it out into the daylight. It was a pitch-black kitten. She simply stared at Gale, as he set her in his lap once there, she stood then placed her front paws on his chest to stare into his eyes.There was a long pause as the two stared at each other, unblinking, until Remus broke the silence."You are much like your mother, so I thought you would like a companion much like hers. She is there should you ever need someone to just listen." He nods at the two, eyes warm, "She just needs a name."Gale watched the young kitten lower herself back into his lap, before crouching down, her butt wiggling in preparation. She leapt up, barely landing on his shoulder, then draped herself across them. She gave a small, very cute, yawn."Alexa, her name is Alexa." Gale said decisively, nodding to his dad.His eyes drifted over to his new companion and smiled.Gale had to go to the train platform alone. Remus had gotten a job offer at a small muggle library, thus he had to leave Gale with a rushed good-bye and quick instructions of how to get on the platform.Kings Cross Station was packed. As it was a fairly busy muggle train station, and a hidden wizard school drop off, it wasn't too terribly strange. There were a few oddities, as some wizards, didn't seem to understand muggle fashion, Gale even saw on man dressed in a pogo shirt, with grey jeans and bright purple suspenders.Gale just made it over to platforms 9 and 10, when another boy, dressed in a worn blue shirt, and stained jeans, bumped his cart."I'm sorry," Gale immediately began, feeling very much out of place in the crowded station, "I didn't see you there."The other boy shook his head, "No, it was my fault." The raven-haired boy looked at Gale's cart, perking up slightly, "Do you know how to get on platform 9 ¾ 's?" He asked.Gale was silent, checking everything the other boy had, then glancing at the snowy owl sat on top his luggage. "Muggle-born?" he asked, tilting his head.The dark-haired boy shrugged, clueless. Gale gave him an understanding nod, knowing that he could just be an orphan from the war. Gale gestured for the boy to follow him.He lined them both up to the brick, in between the two platforms, "All you have to do is go through that wall, don't think about it too hard. If you feel too uncomfortable close your eyes and run." He gave the boy a hesitant nod, then turned and ran at the wall.It was a magnificent, remarkable sight. the large red train was practically glowing. Around it was many people, young and old. Parent readying their kids off, even whole families had come to see off the next generation of Witches and Wizards.Gale tried to shake of his awe and focused on getting his luggage and cat onboard the train. He had to give his dad props, for putting a Feather-light spell on his trunk before they left the house that morning, as lifting the trunk filled with over eight books, up over his head would have hurt.Once everything was secured, Gale let out Alexa, who made a point of sitting on his shoulder, as he tried to find an open seat.He was soon joined by two girls, one a blonde, with eyes that were freakishly large, and the second an average dark-haired girl. Both sneered at his threadbare hand-me-downs, but largely ignored him, as the train began to leave the station.He could hear them muttering across from him. Criticizing his clothing, and his wealth.A soft tapping came from the door, and it opened to reveal an elderly lady, with a large cart of sweets. "Anything from the trolly?" she asked, eyes glancing between the three.Gale got up and pulled out a small handful of sickles, "I'll have two chocolate frogs, please." He requested, body hunching as if to make himself smaller.The lady exchanged the chocolate for his coin, and when it became obvious that the two girls weren't going to get anything, she left. Gale curled up into the seat, barely disturbing the cat on his shoulder, and tucked away his candy. His eyes focused on the passing landscape, watching as trees whizzed by. He sat there, uncomfortably, for hours.As soon as it hit three, Gale stood and pulled out his robes from his trunk. He ignored the rude girls, and moved to the back of the train, where the bathrooms were. Gale locked himself in one, placing Alexa on the edge of the sink, then changing into the robes. He struggled to get the wool vest to sit right, likely because it was a second-hand robe, before giving up and allowing his cat back onto his shoulder.Halfway from his compartment, her couldn't help but overhear a conversation coming from an open compartment."…is it?" a slightly snobbish voice asked.Peering in, Gale could only see the backs of two large boys. A faint yes reached his ears, coming from inside."This is Crabbe, and this is Goyle," the same voice said, carelessly, "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."A slight snigger echoed from the room.The voice grew angry, "Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford." Gale could stop himself from grimacing. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.""I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," another said coolly. Finally, Gale perked up. He recognized that voice, the boy from the platform."I'd be careful if I were you, Potter," the first boy said slowly. "Unless you're a bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. They didn't know what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like Lestrange, the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."Gale bit his lip, before moving forward, "Please, stop fighting." His voice came out weak and timid.The boys in front of him turned, revealing a blonde boy with pale blonde hair, who narrowed his eyes at the newcomer. He then scoffed and gestured for his 'friends' to follow him, leaving Gale feeling rather accomplished.A pale girl with reddish-brown hair, poked her head around the door to grin at him, "Thanks, Freckles!" she exclaimed, arm outstretched.Gale tentatively took it, only to be wrenched into the room and pushed onto a seat in front of her."Nova Lestrange." She introduced, with a quick head dip, then she turned to gesture at the two boys in the room."That there is Ronald Weasley," she pointed to a thin redhead, sitting awkwardly, with a box of Bertie Bott's in his hands.She waved her hands to the other boy, "That is my best friend, ever!" She lowered her voice, "THE, Harry Potter."He watched as the boy, Harry, went pink, "Nova, please don't do that." He turned to Gale, "Pleasure to meet you properly."Gale nodded absently, "Gale Lupin…" there was a small pause, "Sorry, Harry Potter? As in the Boy-who-lived?"The group nodded.Gale sat eyes wide, "Wow… that's so cool."Nova was quick to pull him into a small game of I spy, which turned into group story telling. That lasted the rest of the journey, only pausing when the other three needed to change, before quickly starting back up.A voice echoed through the train, as they reached the end of the train ride. "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school separately."Looking at his new friends, Gale could see the anxiety and nerves that they were trying to repress. Nova was jumping lightly in place, Ron had gone white, and Harry looked like he was going to be sick.The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Gale breathed in the cold night air, hoping it would calm his nerves. Then Gale noticed a lamp bobbing over the heads of the students."Firs' years! Firs' years over here! All right there, Harry?"Holding the lamp, was a large man with an equally large beard, the half-giant groundskeeper, Hagrid, if Gale's memory served him correct."C'mon, follow me — any more firs' years? Mind yer step, now! Firs' years follow me!" Slipping and stumbling, the quartet followed Hagrid, and the diverse collection of students, down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. The darkness on the sides of the path, reminded Gale of home, and the way the forest enveloped his home in black."Yeh'll get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here."There was a loud collective "Oooooh!"The tight path had opened onto the edge of a grand black lake. Perched atop a high mountain on the opposite side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers."No more'n four to a boat!" Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats floating in the water by the shore. Harry and Ron were the first into a boat, followed quickly by Nova and Gale. "Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid, who needed a whole boat to himself. "Right then — FORWARD!"And the armada of little boats began moving all at once, gliding across the lake, as though it were ice. Everyone was silent, staring in awe at the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood."Heads down!" yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff.They were all quick to bend their heads as the boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried through a dark tunnel, which appeared to be taking them right underneath the castle. The stopped at a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door."Everyone here?" When no objections or concerns were raised, Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.The door swung open almost immediately, and a tall, black-haired witch in emerald green robes stood there. Her face was stern, as her eyes drifted across the gather students."The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid."Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."She opened the door into a large entrance hall. It was astounding, to Gale, all he had known was a 500 sq. ft. house. This could have easily fit three of his houses within it. The stone walls were adorned with simple torches, and looking up, it impossible to make out the ceiling. That was ignoring the magnificent marble staircase opposite them, that led to the upper floors."Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your Houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your House will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your House, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free time in your House common room.""The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has its own noble history, and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your House points, while any rule-breaking will lose House points. At the end of the year, the House with the most points is awarded the House Cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever House becomes yours.""The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school." Professor McGonagall, regarded everyone, eyes narrowed, "Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and follow me."Gale had thought the Entrance hall was nice, but it had nothing on the Great Hall. Floating about them were candles, thousands upon thousands of candles, keeping the room lit. Just below those candles were long tables, with many students already seated, watching the amazed first-years. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.Gale felt himself grow pale, and his heart quicken. It felt like everyone was staring at him, and in a way they were. He shrunk into himself, as though her were trying to hide for the many eyes that watched the group. There was the sound of shifting, before the room went silent.Gale looked up and followed everyone's gaze, to a rather old hat. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,If you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou'll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!Don't be afraid!And don't get in a flap!You're in safe hands (though I have none)For I'm a Thinking Cap!"The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.Gale felt himself shake as Professor McGonagall stepped forward with a piece of parchment."When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said.Gale went quiet, and he began to run through exercises in an attempt to calm himself, he jerked his head up when he heard Nova's name being called.She was confident, settling on the stool and plopping the hat on, "HUFFLEPUFF!"And then Professor McGonagall called out his name, "Lupin, Gale!"He shakily made his way up to the hat and sat down. As the hat was settled on his head, a voice rang through his mind."Ahh. The heart of a wolf. You could do many good things. No, your mind is you strength, use it well." Then the voice echoed into the hall, "Better be, RAVENCLAW!"Gale slid off his seat, then sat tentatively sat at the cheering table.Maybe School wouldn't be so bad.Oh boy, am I excited. I have been tentatively working on this in the background, and posting the first two chapters feels amazing. GOD.Disclaimer: I own none of Harry Potter and it's affiliates. That is all.Please Review, and check out my other short stories. If you feel especially generous check out my ko-fi, under Wolfdragonpup. Short stories will be posted there at least a day early, and there is some exclusive art there too.~~~~~ Wolf

The next morning, found Gale curled up under the blankets, while Alexa meowed incessantly beside him. He let out a soft groan and tried to burrow himself under his pillows, but when that didn't muffle Alexa's yowling, he sat up."Why are you so loud?" he muttered, wiping the sleep from him eyes. He then threw the blankets off him and glanced around the room.The dorm went silent, as the black kitten hopped down from the bed and sat in front of a window. Her bright blue eyes focused on Gale, who simple blinked at her.Gale squinted, warily at the other four poster beds in the room. It was odd that none of them were moving, especially with how loud Alexa had been howling. Slowly, Gale stood, and padded quietly over to his cat, then carefully settling down beside her.The black kitten, purred, eyes closing contently. She then turned to look out the window, Gale followed her gaze.Two minutes later, there was a beautiful array of golden light lifting above the horizon. Oranges and reds danced on the clouds, making the shadows appear purple enough to contrast against the darker half of the sky. Gale found himself moving closer to watch as the world came to life.He sat for only a few seconds, after the sun had lifted above the horizon, as then he bolted over to his bed. He rummaged through his clothing and pulled out his robes and awkwardly pulled them on. He pulled his wand out of its box, tucking away into his robes, then grabbed his bookbag.He moved quickly, sparing no attention to the open common room, exiting and descending the stairs. Alexa was right behind him, her tail held high. The two radiated excitement, as they moved, and once they reached the bottom of the tower, Gale had to lean against the wall in order to catch his breath.He glanced down at Alexa, whose blue eyes were on him, "Think we can go find where our classes will be?" He asked her, kneeling down to pick her up. Gale gently settled her on his shoulder, adjusted his bookbag, then went off, hoping to map out the large castle he now called school.Gale learned fast, just how large and maze-like the school could be. He ended up going down the same hall five times, then ended up just outside the great hall. He ran a hand through his hair brows furrowing in complete confusion. How was he meant to navigate for classes? He shook his head, then ducked into the great hall.He hadn't realised how long he had been exploring until he entered. The long tables were occupied by many students, of varying ages, all comfortable in their conversations. Tentatively, Gale moved over to the Ravenclaw table, near to the teacher's table.With great care, Gale began picking out his breakfast, squinting at the few items he had never seen before. He was slow, eating every bite as if it was dangerous, but halfway through his meal, he managed to shake that feeling, and began wolfing down his food.Only ten minutes later, a large group entered the hall, and made their way to the Gryffindor table.Gale shifted, eyes taking in the group, trying to find the friends he made on the train. He must have been focused on the group, because he jumped when a wet paw hit his cheek. Gale whipped around, startled, and stared at a very wet and disgruntled black cat.He snorted, then tried fighting his grin, as he reached over and grabbed a napkin. He had to repress laughter as Alexa, swatted at the napkin, before he caringly began to use his retrieved napkin to dry the wet kitten."Your schedule, Mr. Lupin." Gale extended a hand, as he tried to dry his kitten, as she attacked his napkin. A piece of paper was placed in his hand, so he let the napkin go, and pulled it closer."Thank you." Gale said as he began reading his schedule.He quickly began taking note where his classes would be taken, knowing that would be the hardest part for him, then focused on his food.Classes went by relatively fast; they were startling and Gale struggled to adjust to the social aspect of class.Transfiguration started with the coolest thing. Watching the Stern-faced professor transform from a cat, was amazing, but it she was quick to squash those feelings. They had to take extensive notes, and though Gale was smart enough to be a Ravenclaw, he felt lost throughout her lesson. Then she gave them all Matchsticks and instructed them to transform it into a needle. Many of those in his class managed to affect their matchstick, but Gales had only gone monochromatic.Then was one of the most boring classes ever, History of Magic. It was the only class taught by a ghost, and that was the only interesting thing about it. Professor Binns droned on and on, and Gale had to fight the whole time to stay awake. He managed, but still, his notes were a mess of doodles. Gale resigned himself to reading the material outside of class.Defence Against the Dark Arts, was something everyone talked about, until they took it. Professor Quirrell had stuttered his way through the introduction and through most of the class. Other students began ignoring him, but Gale felt as though he understood the Professor, so he paid attention taking notes seriously.Charms was taught by a tiny wizard, who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk, called Professor Flitwick. Gale felt enthralled, as the class went on, and his notes were perfectly organised, and far more extensive then his even his Transfiguration ones.Then came the worst class, simply because of its teacher. Potions. Gale had been ecstatic at the chance to learn more about potion-making, and he had secretly been hoping to find something in it to prevent werewolf transformations. However, all his hopes were quickly dashed.Potions was in the dark recesses of the castle, aka the dungeons, where it was cooler than the rest of the school, and far creepier. That creepiness was exacerbated by the jars filled with pickled animals, that sat along the walls.Professor Snape, was dressed far darker than any other teacher, and his defining features were his hooked nose and greasy hair.He started the class by reading the register, pausing slightly as he read Gale's name, but continued without note. He finished calling out names and looked over the class. His eyes were dark and cold, and Gale found himself shuddering."You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion-making," he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word. "As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses... I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death - if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."His eyes focused on Gale's near the end of his speech, sending all of his defenses up. He had no idea why Professor Snape already seemed to hate him, but he had to give him the benefit of the doubt. It might just be how the Professor is."What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" Professor Snape asked, moving to stand in front of the class.No one raised their hand.Trembling, Gale raised his hand eyes wide.The Professor's eyes narrowed, "Mr. Lupin." He practically sneered.He swallowed nervously, "Asphodel and wormwood, when combined make an extremely powerful sleeping potion known as the Draught of Living Death. The potion is well known for being a difficult one to make-"Professor Snape cut him off, "Yes, it is. Now since you appear to be the only one willing to contribute, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?"Gale blinked, eyes going distant as he tried to quickly recall what he had read, "Bezoar's are removed form the stomach of a goat and are an antidote to most poisons." He grew nervous as the Professor moved closer to his desk."And,what is the difference, Mr. Lupin, between monkshood and wolfsbane?" His voice had gone deceptively soft."They are both the same, sir." Gale practically whispered, feeling freaked out. He hands began shaking beneath his desk.Professor Snape straightened up, and cast a look around the room, "They also go by the name of aconite, Lupin. Well? Why aren't you all copying that down?" He snapped at the other students, turning with a flick of his robes.There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise, Snape said, "And two points will be given to the Ravenclaw House."From there it went down hill. The class was paired up, Gale being accosted by a concerned Nova, and told to mix up a simple potion to cure boils. He patrolled the rows as everyone focused on their potions, However Gale had quickly handed Nova the tools, as his hand were shaking so bad."Are you okay?" She murmured, as she focused on crushing the snake fangs.Gale nodded, "I think I will be. Thanks for being my partner."She sent him a smile, "No need to thank me, we're friends, aren't we?" He returned her smile, just as Professor Snape drifted by."Eyes on you work, Lestrange." His black eyes swept over Gale, "And you should be doing work as well, Lupin, not sitting there watching everyone else. Five points from Ravenclaw."He continued past the two, and Gale noticed the many glares of his fellow Ravenclaw's. He felt himself sink in his seat. He pulled his book closer to him, and began to carefully instruct Nova, as he began to stir the potion.The rest of the class continued, with Nova occasionally sending him worried looks, until they finished.As they trudged up the stairs, Nova linked arms with him and pulled him along. The exuberant red-head easily navigated the crowds, before plopping them both in front of Harry and Ron."I know you said Snape was an Arse, but He is way worse." She started, leaning forward.Harry jerked, looking at her frantically, "Did he insult you?" he asked Nova, who rolled her eyes."No you prat, He practically assaulted Gale, just because he was able to answer so bizarre questions, then he bullied him, because freckles was unable to hold a knife."Gale's brows furrowed, "He didn't bully me because I was unable to hold anything, Nova."She scoffed, throwing herself into Gale. She gave him a stern look, "Maybe not, but it certainly felt like it."Ron nodded, "He was a real… umm…" he stopped as he looked over the two. Nova whirled around, eyes already narrowed, and gale felt himself turn just to see.Standing a mere two feet away was Draco Malfoy, clutched in his hands was a familiar black cat. Gale found himself moving over, along with Nova, who had seemingly decided he needed a guard."This is yours; I presume." Draco half-heartedly sneered, thrusting Alexa forward. She didn't make a noise of protest, despite the movement.Gale nodded, arms coming out to take her, "Thank you, where was she?" He asked, he hadn't even noticed her leaving his side during any of his classes.Draco's eyes flicked off to the side, "None of your business, Lupin." His attempted barb felt rather tame.Gale tightened his grip on the kitten, sending Draco a smile. The blonde flushed slightly, looking a bit panicked, then quickly moved off to his table. Nova just looked back and forth; head tilted in thought.A few weeks pasted, similarly to the first, except now he was hanging out with Nova, Harry and Ron. The other boys were quick to include Gale, despite him not being into the same things.During this time Professor Snape got worse, snipping at him for no reason, and Harry and Gale both shared each experience they had with the rude teacher.Then came flying lessons, Ron had told Nova and Gale everything, long before the raven haired boy had appeared, even though it was hard to follow because of the food in his mouth."I mean, technically Harry was in the wrong, but Professor McGonagall is a fair teacher, she'll listen to Harry." Gale cautiously said.Ron blinked at him, "What, he was not in the wrong! He was helping Neville, besides Malfoy should be punished at least."Nova sighed, "He didn't mean that Harry wasn't doing a good thing, he was just stating that according to the Professor, he should have stayed on the ground."Gale nodded, smiling lightly, "And I think Draco does deserve some sort of punishment as well." Ron nodded, seemingly in thought, before he pointed at Gale."Why do you call Malfoy by his first name?""Because it's his name?" Gale tensed, looking nervous."But he's a prat."Gale relaxed slightly, "And?" He sighed lightly, "Name calling isn't a punishment, and beyond that he hasn't done anything to me, so I don't feel like I need to change how I refer to, or talk to him."Ron jabbed his fork into his food, "You've though about that, before."Gale simply shook his head, smiling, as he took a sip of his chocolate milk. Nova grinned then glanced over to the doors of the great hall. She hopped from her seat and waved over a happy looking Harry."How was your punishment?" Gale asked, knowing by the how happy he appeared, Harry hadn't been punished at all.Quickly Harry told them about how instead of being put in detention, he had been placed on the Gryffindor quidditch team."Your joking!" Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about it. "Seeker?" he said. "But first years never… you must be –""The youngest house player in about a century," said Harry, shoveling pie into his mouth. "Wood told me."Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry. "I start training next week," said Harry. "Only don't tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret."Nova was bouncing in her seat, eyes wide.Gale on the other hand looked contemplating, "Quidditch is a dangerous sport. Are you sure you're ready Harry?" he asked.Harry nodded, as he finished the bit in his mouth, "It's not like I'll be going unsupervised. I have the rest of the team, and…" He reached out to grab another Shepard's pie, "The whole school will be at the games themselves."Gale nodded, "At least you've thought about it," He remarked, nibbling on a biscuit, "not many would, given the circumstances."Harry smiled, "I knew that you would worry, so I thought about it."Nova awed, "Look at that Freckles, you matter to him." She teased.Harry threw a half-eaten biscuit at her, she grinned, before swooping up the discarded food and chomping down on it. Gale grimaced, as he finished his own biscuit. His eyes wandered over the tables nearby, before the group continued conversing."Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?" Draco approached the four, flanked by his two rather large companions, that Gale still didn't know the names of."You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got your little friends with you," said Harry coolly, focusing on his food."I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy. "Tonight, if you want. Wizard's duel. Wands only - no contact. What's the matter? Never heard of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?""Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's yours?"Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up."Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked."When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other."What is a wizard's duel?" said Harry. "And what do you mean, you're my second?"Nova smacked Ron over the head, "You can't just accept a duel for someone else, you prat." She scowled, "Besides I'm always Harry's back up."Gale glanced at Harry who was looking over the two, as the two quickly devolved into an argument.He leaned over, "A Wizard's duel is what it says, a duel between wizards, though it is a bit sexist. Typically, a wizard's duel lasts until one of the opposing wizard's die, as well as their second, or they are incapacitated. The second is basically there if the primary wizard, so you in this case, falls." Gale stopped to take in Harry's face, "Don't be too worried, you both only eleven, I can't image either of you doing to much damage.""And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?""You could punch him," Nova commented her eyes stilled focused on Ron, who looked rather terrified."Excuse me."They all looked up. It was a brunette with thick bushy hair, dressed in immaculate Gryffindor robes."Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry. "I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying -""Bet you could," Ron muttered."-and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught, and you're bound to be. It's really very selfish of you.""And it's really none of your business," said Harry."Good-bye," said Ron.Nova gave a fake smile, and a small salute. Gale nodded to her. The brunette was quick to move away, sensing everyone's lack of enthusiasm."Who was that?" Gale asked.The other three exchanged looks and laughed.As soon as Gale arrived at breakfast, he beelined it over to the two Gryffindors, and one Hufflepuff, sitting at the Ravenclaw table."Why are we sitting here today?" Gale asked, as he grabbed some toast.Nova leaned back and made a show of looking around, "Hmm, because it's the emptiest table…"Gale paused, "Something happened last night." He stated, suddenly feeling tired. The three nodded. With a sigh Gale, gathered more food onto his plate, then gestured to them.Harry was the first to start, "We went out, for the duel Malfoy challenged me to, and we saw something.""First, it was a set up!" Nova sulked, "He set Filch on us.""The grumpy caretaker?" Gale asked."No," Nova remarked, "The painter. Yes, the caretaker." She snapped."Easy, Nov." Harry consoled, "We hid, in order to avoid being caught. Turns out we hid in the forbidden room on the third floor."Gale glanced up curiously, "What was in it?" he asked."Granger, the bush hair girl, saw a trapdoor, but everyone else was focused on the gigantic three-headed dog!" Nova gestured, as if to show it's size, "It was huge, and it growled at us. I think it was really cool."Gale pushed his plate away, "Wait there's a Cerberus here!" he looked slightly panicked, "But why, they are really dangerous. Why would Professor Dumbledore let anyone bring in a creature like that, especially into a school."Nova shrugged, eyes bright.Harry grinned at them, "If Granger did see a trapdoor, I think I know what's under it.""What?" Gale asked, scratching his head."Whatever Hagrid took from vault seven hundred and thirteen.""It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Ron."Or both," Harry said, pointedly.The rest of the week pasted without incident. The four attempted to figure out what the object from Gringotts was, but as all harry could remember was its approximate length, two inches, they had little hope of solving the mystery without any more clues.The other three began to focus on getting back at Draco, which they planned, as Gale did homework, only occasionally stopping to suggest ideas.About a week later, as the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone's attention was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech owls. Gale watched with confusion, trying to figure out whom the package was for, when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of Harry, knocking his bacon to the floor, with another owl dropping a letter on top of the parcel.Harry swiftly ripped open the letter first and had difficulty hiding his glee at what he read. He handed the note to Nova, who quickly handed it to Ron, to read.Gale was handed the note, quickly reading what the others had:DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE. It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want everybody knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one. Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your first training session. Professor McGonagall Gale shook his head and gave the others a wave, as he continued eating his food. the three all sent him wide, but confused grins, before bolting out of the great hall to open the package.Gale turned to look up at the remaining owls, then watched as a small worn barn owl landed before him, a letter attached to its leg. Gale untied the letter, and opened the letter, ignoring the owl as it took off.Dear Gale,I have found a temporary job working as a librarian in a nearby muggle town. It pays well enough, but I doubt it will last past my next transformation. Roxana was the one who recommended me.I hope you remember Roxana, though it has been many years since you've seen, her. She has been helping me around the house, but I have noticed her getting antsy, so I don't expect her to be her much longer.How have your classes been, cub? I assume that you have sprouted off the dictionary definition for many topics, but I do hope you haven't had any trouble with them, or the teachers. Is Professor McGonagall still teaching?Please write, cub, as I find myself missing your silliness. Reassure you dear old dad.With love and plenty of fur,Remus Lupin.

The next few weeks flew by, and Gale had found himself writing many letters for his father and helping his friends with their schoolwork. He was beyond glad that he had found a family that didn't appear to care that he had no money.The lead up to Halloween filled the quartet with excitement, mainly from Nova. On Halloween morning Gale was greeted with the familiar scent of pumpkin spice, which infiltrated every nook and cranny of the school. Even better, Professor Flitwick taught them to levitate objects.Gale was in a fantastic mood, when he joined the group in the great hall, which went crashing down when Nova and Harry told him what Ron had done.Gale shook his head, baffled, "Why?""I mean, is what I said wrong?" Ron asked, looking extremely awkward.Gale gaped at him, even as Alexa hopped from his shoulder, and moved over to scratch Ron."Oww, you bloody cat!" He yelped, pulling away from the calm black cat, "Control her." Ron snapped.Gale shook his head, "You bleeding deserve it, I'm an awful lot like her Ron." He pointed out, as he reached for a biscuit, then dropped it in his gravy."You don't act like a know-it-all." Ron stated.Gale was quick to retort, "I have anxiety." He sent the red head a sharp look.Ron wrinkled his nose and turned to his food.Nova shook her head, and reached out to grab a jacket potato, at the same time as Harry. Mere seconds later, Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.Everyone turned to stare as he reached Professor Dumbledore's chair, slumped against the table, and gasped out, "Troll - in the dungeons - thought you ought to know."He then sank to the floor, having fainted.Everyone in the hall began to freak out, it took quite a few attempts for Professor Dumbledore, with help from magical purple firecrackers, to make everyone go silent."Prefects, lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!"Just down the table, one of Ron's brother's stood, "Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years coming through! Excuse me, I'm a prefect!""How could a troll get in?" Harry asked as they climbed the stairs."Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron. "Maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke."They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions. As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron's arm, and turned to Nova, and Gale who was just about to re-join his house."I've just thought - Hermione.""What about her?""She doesn't know about the troll." Ron bit his lip. "Oh, all right," he snapped. "But Percy'd better not see us."Gale nodded, and the quartet carefully joined the Hufflepuffs. They ducked down an empty corridor and began their way to the Girl's bathroom.They had barely turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them."Percy!" hissed Ron, pulling Harry and Nova behind a large stone griffin.Gale had to quickly follow, feeling his adrenaline spike. Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Professor Snape. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view."What's he doing?" Harry whispered. "Why isn't he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?""Search me."As quietly as feasibly possible, they crept along the next corridor, following the Professor's fading footsteps."He's heading for the third floor," Harry said, but Ron held up his hand."Can you smell something?"Gale took a deep breath, then grimaced. The air was filled with the rancid smell of old food, and dirty clothes. Then, just down the hall, they saw it.It was twelve feet tall, skin a lifeless, granite gray, it's great lumpy body like a boulder with a small bald head perched on top. Its legs were short and thick as tree trunks with flat feet. It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were too long.The group tucked themselves among the shadows, hoping that the troll wouldn't see them. It stopped by a doorway and peered inside. Its long ears wiggled as it thought, remarkably hard, then it slowly hunched down so it could get in the room."The keys in the lock," Harry muttered. "We could lock it in.""Good idea," said Ron nervously."No, That's a terrible idea." Nova hissed, squinting at them, "That's the girls' bathroom!"The boys all exchanged looks, then Harry took off. With the others not far behind. He wrenched the door open, and they rushed in.Hermione was cowering against the wall opposite them, looking as if she was about to be sick, or faint. The troll was slowly advancing on her, knocking everything over, stall, sinks, mirrors, as it went."Confuse it!" Harry said desperately to the others, then swooped down to grab a broken tap, he then threw it as hard as he could against the nearby wall.Gale quickly bolted around the room, finding the safest path to Hermione, and grabbing her arm.The troll stopped, turning its head to find the source of the noise, spotting Harry. It paused, before it began lumbering towards Harry instead."Oy, pea-brain!" yelled Ron, from his new position on the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly head toward Ron instead.Gale took the opportunity and began to pull Hermione past the troll, the two slipping on the wet floor as they moved over broken sinks."Come on, run, run!" Harry yelled at the two, as Nova tossed another tap at the troll.The shouting in the echoing bathroom seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It howled and started toward Ron, who was nearby and had no way to escape.Gale pulled Hermione over to the door, and turned, only to watch as Harry jumped and barely managed to hook his arms around the troll's neck, hanging from behind. The troll probably wouldn't have noticed if it hadn't been for Harry's wand, which had been jabbed up it's nose.Screaming in pain, the troll twisted and flailed, its club flying around with little purpose, and Harry clinging for dear life.Both Nova and Ron pulled out their wands, but Nova hesitated, which let Ron cry out the first spell that came into his head."Wingardium Leviosa!"With that, the club suddenly flew out of the troll's hand, and rose high, high up into the air. Slowly it turned over, and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner's head. They all watched as the troll swayed on the spot and then fell, flat on its face, with a bang that made the whole room shudder.Gale stared wide-eyed at the unconscious form, feeling a small grin start to spread across his face.It was Hermione who spoke first."Is it - dead?""I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's just been knocked out.""Oh, definitely, trolls have thick skulls, both literally and figuratively." Gale said, as he looked over the room.Nova padded over to them, "Ron knocked out a troll." She stated.Gale grinned, as Ron let out a huff of laughter.They all jumped, as a loud slamming and noisy footsteps made their way to them.A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come surging into the room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a slight whimper, and sat quickly down on one of the few intact toilets, clutching his chest.While Snape bent over to examine the troll, Professor McGonagall was looking at the quartet. Her face was filled with anger, with white lips."What on earth were you thinking of?" said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice.Gale stared blankly at her, barely registering the question, as the others looked between themselves."You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in your dormitory?" She snapped, eyes looking over them.Snape gave Harry and Gale matching, piercing looks. Gale felt himself, shrinking, and he could feel his hands start to quiver."Please, Professor McGonagall. They were looking for me.""Miss Granger!""I went looking for the troll because I, I thought I could deal with it on my own, you know, because I've read all about them." Hermione stood, eyes nervous, as she lied to the Professor. "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived."The others attempted to look as though this wasn't new to them, but Gale was certain it was an obvious lie."Well - in that case..." said Professor McGonagall, staring at the five of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?" Hermione hung her head. "Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this. I'm very disappointed in you. If you're not hurt at all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing the feast in their houses."Professor McGonagall turned to look at the other four. "Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win five points for your house. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go."Gale swallowed, as the group hurried out of the room. Gale was the first to leave them, heading straight for his dorm. He approached the door and stopped before the eagle knocker."When the wolves howl and owls awake it is visible in the sky?"Just as he was about to answer, a soft mew echoed from behind him. Gale turned and spotted Alexa, who calmly padded to his side.He looked at the knocker, "The full moon.""Correct." Then the door swung open.As silently as possible, Gale moved past the eating Ravenclaw's and bolted into his dorm room.When November came around, snow began to lightly cover the world outside. On Sunday of the quidditch game, Gale was carefully making his way to breakfast, when Nova accosted him. Linking her arms with his, she pulled him over to a nook by the great hall entrance.Nova looked concerned, "Are you okay?" Gale tentatively nodded, and she continued, "We've noticed you pulling away from us, and we were concerned. Still are actually.""I'm fine, I just." Gale paused, "You go looking for trouble… I can't handle throwing myself into danger every other week." He said, quietly ducking down."You don't have too. You're the brains here."He shook his head, "You have Hermione, she's the top of our year."Nova shoved him into the wall, "You say that as if she knows everything, you prat."Gale pulled away, looking sadly at Nova, "Look, I just can't handle what you guys get into. See you in class." He began to briskly walk away."That's it, you're just going to give up!" Nova shouted after him.Gale ducked his head down, and quickly found an open spot at the Ravenclaw table. He was joined by an older boy, with a mess of dark brown hair, he smiled warmly at Gale."First-year, right?" he asked, confidently.Gale nodded, pulling his plate closer, then looking closely at the boy.He was a fair amount taller than Gale, with a very athletic build, accentuated by his snug t-shirt. His face was sharp and fairly well defined, despite his age, and his eyes were a beautiful ocean blue.Gale swallowed nervously, then flushed.The older boy nodded, seemingly unaware of Gale looking him over, "My name's Colby, beater on the our Quidditch team."Gale nodded; eyes focused intently on his food."You okay?"Gale gulped, "Yeah, I'm fine, I'm going to the library."Colby looked taken aback, "And miss watching THE Harry Potter in action?" He shook his head, "Come on kid, you're coming." Gale didn't protest, resigned to being forced around by another. He managed to grab some of his research books on Werewolves, at ten, just before Colby grabbed his arm and dragged him to the pitch.Gale hunkered down beside the older boy, pulling out one of his books."Oh, pay attention," Colby said, pulling the book from Gale's hands, "You'll enjoy this." He gestured to the game, as the whistle went off.Gale leaned forward, as fifteen brooms rose up into the sky. The game had started."And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor - what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too -""JORDAN!""Sorry, Professor. And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve - back to Johnson and - no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes - Flint flying like an eagle up there - he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle - that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and - OUCH - that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger - Quaffle taken by the Slytherins - that's Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a second Bludger - sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell which - nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes - she's really flying - dodges a speeding Bludger - the goal posts are ahead 149 - come on, now, Angelina - Keeper Bletchley dives - misses - GRYFFINDORS SCORE!"Gale smiled, perking up as loud cheers from the Gryffindor stands filled the air, drowning out the coming from the Slytherins. His gaze flicked up to Harry, who was watching the game from above, while lazily circling the pitch.Gale kept his eyes on Harry, feeling himself go tense when Harry took off towards something. Then a Slytherin blocked him, causing the many Gryffindor's to let out exclamations of rage.Lee Jordan, the commentator, was finding it difficult not to take sides."So - after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating.""Jordan!" growled Professor McGonagall."I mean, after that open and revolting foul.""Jordan, I'm warning you -""All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession."As Harry dodged a Bludger, Gale noticed something strange. Harry's broom had given him a sudden, alarming lurch. For a split second, Gale was terrified that his friend would fall.It happened again. It was almost like his broom had bucked. Gale tried to ignore it, but as Harry went haphazardly zigzagging through the air, Gale found it completely stupid to ignore.Lee was still commentating, nonplussed."Slytherin in possession - Flint with the Quaffle - passes Spinnet - passes Bell - hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose - only joking, Professor - Slytherins score - A no..."It appeared as though one else had noticed that Harry's broom was being erratic. Slowly, Harry moved higher and higher, as the broom jerked and twitched, climbing steadily.Gale felt himself stand, as he squinted up at Harry. It was possible…Gale's gaze snapped to the crowd, just as people began pointing out Harry's situation. Carefully, his eyes darted over everyone, until they landed on the teacher's stand. Professor Quirrell and Professor Snape were both looking at Harry.Gale, ignored Colby's protests, as he left, maneuvering carefully around the surrounding students, until he stood only feet away from the teachers. From where he stood, Gale could see Hermione, as she raced past Professor Quirrell, sending him headfirst into the row before him. She reached Snape and pointed her wand at his robes, and bright blue flames shot from her wand to the fabric of Professor Snape's robes.It took a few seconds for Professor Snape to realize that he was on fire. He let out a startled yelp and leapt to his feet. Gale watched as she bolted back, running fully into him.The two went crashing down into the wooden stands, and they both stared wide-eyed."I'm sorry!" Hermione yelped, lurching to her feet. She offered a hand, which Gale gladly took."It's partially my fault, for just being here," He joked, weakly.Hermione snorted, "Are you coming with?" she asked, taking a small step away.Gale paused, thinking about how he was very willing to do something similar to her just prior. He gave a determined nod. The two made their way over to Ron, Nova and Hagrid, just as Harry landed."He won!" Nova shouted, bouncing excitedly.The group made their way down, and Harry joined them. Each getting a strong cup of tea at Hagrid's hut."It was Snape," Ron explained, "Hermione and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you."Gale shook his head, "It was either Professor Snape or Professor Quirrell, both showed signs of wandless magic.""It was Snape," Ron stated, boldly.Nova rolled her eyes but made no comment. Acting like Gale had never spoken."Rubbish," said Hagrid, "Why would Snape do somethin' like that?"Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Harry decided on the truth."I found out something about him," he told Hagrid. "He tried to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to steal whatever it's guarding."Hagrid dropped the teapot."How do you know about Fluffy?" he said."Fluffy?""Yeah, he's mine, bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las' year - I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the…""Yes?" said Harry eagerly."Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly. "That's top secret, that is.""But Snape's trying to steal it.""Rubbish," said Hagrid again. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do nothin' of the sort.""So why did he just try and kill Harry?" cried Hermione.The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape."I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I've read all about them! You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw him!""I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said Hagrid hotly. "I don' know why Harry's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill a student! Now, listen to me, all of yeh - yer meddlin' in things that don' concern yeh. It's dangerous. You forget that dog, an' you forget what it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel -""Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?"Hagrid looked furious with himself.Despite the cold of December coming up, the group found themselves hiding away in the school library.Nova still refused to acknowledge Gale, which Harry told him was because she was scared, he'd leave. Uncertain how to prove he wouldn't just leave, Gale wrote to his father about staying for Christmas, and he threw himself into research.He had heard of the name Nicolas Flamel, in fact, both Hermoine and him had heard the name, but neither could remember where. The two slogged through Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, Notable Magical Names of Our Time, Important Modern Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. The two were getting increasingly frustrated, by the lack of information.Nova was the first to notice when Harry left the library, and thus their research time had ended. The four approach him shaking their heads. They went off to get lunch."You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?" said Hermione. "And send me an owl if you find anything.""And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Ron. "It'd be safe to ask them.""Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Hermione."I might be able to ask Tonks." Nova piped up, "but I wonder if because she's training to be an Auror, if she couldn't."Once the holidays started, Gale found himself wrapped up in the environment to think about Flamel. Instead he found himself wandering the snow-covered grounds, he even contemplated trying to skate on the frozen lake, but quickly ruled that out, for his own safety.He wandered around hoping to find a nice area to settle, as he was tired of being burdened with many books, a blanket and a cat. Once he decided on a place, he rolled out the blanket, and sat on it. Alexa stayed perched on his shoulder, as he began to go through the many werewolf books he had brought with him.Despite the cold, Gale stayed there for many hours. Flipping carefully through each book and taking many detailed notes in a separate notebook. He had to be incredibly careful, in order to not get snow on the books but he managed."Lupin." The sudden voice of Draco startled him from his work.Gale looked up, blinking at the strangely overdressed boy. Gale had dress in a thick coat and a warm hat, but Draco was practically a marshmallow."Why are you dressed like that?" he asked, glancing at the cat on his shoulder.Draco grimaced, "Nevermind, then." The blonde turned away, and began leaving, only to pitch forward into the snow.Gale set his books to the side and moved over to check on him. Draco scowled at Gale, who simply smiled, and offered a hand. Draco reluctantly accepted and was pulled to his feet, then Gale moved back to his blanket, and collected his stuff."You can tell me as we walk." Gale said quietly, as he re-approached Draco.Draco flushed, but followed Gale."I was just wondering why you are out here alone." Draco muttered.Gale ran a hand over his hat, "I wanted to do some research without interruptions.""I'm sorry."Gale looked at Draco, "Pardon?""I'm sorry." Draco snapped, irately.Gale shook his head, "You didn't really interrupt me, Draco. I got a lot done, I do need breaks, ya' know." He grinned.Draco sniffed, then sped up, leaving Gale alone.He tilted his head closer to Alexa, "It's rather odd, isn't it? He seems rather nice without Harry or his friends around. I wonder why?"Alexa let out an annoyed mewl in response.

The rest of the break went by with little to note. Gale got a wolf pocket watch, that showed both the time and moon phase, for Christmas. He ate a lot of food, and Nova dragged him over to the Gryffindor table, where they all played games, like Wizard's chess.When Hermione got back, she was irritated that none of them had found out who Nicolas Flamel was. Gale cited Christmas as an excuse, leading to Hermione dragging him into the library for several hours.A month went by, before they made their big discovery. Gale had just settled down beside Nova, when Hermione slammed a large book onto the table in front of him."I told the Harry and Ron this last night, we found Nicolas Flamel." She leaned over and flipped the book open, "Read this."Gale obediently leaned over to read; The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Philosopher's Stone, a legendary substance with astonishing powers. The stone will transform any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal. There have been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight)."Bleeding heck, he's old." Nova muttered, before shoving a bun into her mouth."The dog must be guarding Flamel's Philosopher's Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it, that's why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!"Gale nodded, "A stone that prevents you from dying, I can see why someone would want that."Nova swallowed her food, "So Snape want's to live forever? God, he's a vampire."Gale and Hermione shared an amused look.During potions, Gale found himself pondering what he would do with a Philosopher's stone, probably cure his father. He was ripped from his thoughts when Nova kicked him."Owww…" He hissed, glaring at her, "Why'd you do that?"She cocked an eyebrow, "Maybe because you're off in la la land, during potions." Her voice was dry.Gale grimaced, lowering his gaze to his paper, just as Professor Snape appeared."Not doing your work, Lupin?" The Professor's dark eyes swept over Gale's relatively blank parchment, "Ten points from Ravenclaw." He then breezed by.Nova glared harshly at the teacher's back, "I wish he would die.""Nova." Gale said warningly, as he filled his paper."Am I wrong?"Gale simply rolled his eyes and focused on his work.Next Quidditch game approached was filled with anxiety. Harry was worried because Professor Snape was the referee, and Gale was terrified that Harry's broom would try and murder him.The quartet said wished Harry luck, before going up in the stands to find their place."Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Hermione muttered to the others."I know," Ron snapped. "Don't nag."Nova went out of her way to elbow Ron in the gut, "Sorry!" she apologised falsely."Nova!" Both Hermione and Gale chastised, sharing exasperated looks."I've never seen Snape look so mean," Ron commented. "Look -they're off Ouch!"Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head.It was Draco."Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there." Draco grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle. "Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Weasley?"Ron didn't answer as Snape awarded Hufflepuff a penalty. Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was peering attentively at Harry, who was orbiting the game like a hawk."You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?" Draco said loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff yet another penalty with no reason. "It's people they feel sorry for. See, there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money - you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains."The boy just next to Nova went bright red but turned in his seat to face Draco."I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.Draco, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Nova, not daring to take her eyes off Harry, said, "You tell him, Neville.""Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and that's saying something."Ron snapped, without looking "I'm warning you, Malfoy - one more word""Ron!" said Hermione suddenly, "Harry -""What? Where?"Gale leaned forward to watch as Harry went into a steep dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the surrounding crowd. Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry sped toward the ground."You're in luck, Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money on the ground!" Draco sneered.Ron snapped. Before anyone knew what was occurring, Ron was on top of him, grappling him to the ground. The other boy next to Nova hesitated, then scrambled over the back of his seat to help."Come on, Harry!" Hermione screamed, leaping out of her seat to watch as Harry zoomed straight at Professor Snape. Both her and Gale watched transfixed, as Nova hurried over to help the flailing mess of limbs behind them.Up above, Professor Snape turned on his broomstick just in the nick of time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches. Then Harry had pulled out of his dive, an arm raised in triumph with a small flashing piece of clasped within his hand.The stands erupted into gleeful shrieking."Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game's over! Harry's won! We've won! Gryffindor is in the lead!" shrieked Hermione, bouncing up and down in her place then turning and hugging Gale beside her.The two grinned, then turned to the pile of red and green behind them. Nova had Draco in a head lock while Ron and the other boy, Longbottom Draco called him, were bruised but standing over Draco's friends in triumph.Gale rubbed his face.The three managed to get out of punishment, and the quartet, because Neville Longbottom had collapsed, made their way down to find Harry.It was getting dark when Nova pointed out a figure with a cloak over their head. The four rushed over to join him, as they walked up to the castle."Harry, where have you been?" Hermione squeaked."We won! You won! We won!" shouted Ron, smacking Harry's back."And I gave Draco a black eye, Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed! He's out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all right! Talk about showing Slytherin!" Nova bounced over to link arms with Harry."Everyone's waiting for you in the common room, we're having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens." said Ron."Never mind that now," said Harry nervously. "Let's find an empty room, you wait 'til you hear this..."Harry quickly scoped out an empty room, deeming it right the turned and closed the door."So we were right, it is the Philosopher's Stone, and Snape's trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocus- I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through -""So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?" said Hermione in alarm."It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.Gale bit his tongue, "I mean, let's assume every teacher placed some sort of enchantment. Does Professor Snape know what everyone did?" The other shrugged., Gale ran a hand through his hair, "Let's be optimistic, yeah?"Quirrell, it turns out, was a lot braver than any of them had thought, though in the following weeks he did appear to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn't look as though he'd broke yet.Despite the importance of their discovery, Gale found himself absorbed into schoolwork. Him and Hermione had started comparing notes, and carefully colour-coding them by importance to the class. Gale had managed to get Harry to start studying for exams as well, but Ron and Nova were a lot harder to convince."Hermione, the exams are ages away." Ron whined."Ten weeks," Hermione snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to Nicolas Flamel.""But we're not six hundred years old," Nova reminded her.Ron nodded, "Anyway, what are you studying for, you already know it all.""What is she studying for? Are you crazy? We need to pass these exams to get into the second year?" Gale exclaimed, looking up from his reading."They're very important, I should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's gotten into me..." said Hermione.Unfortunately for them, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same line. They piled the homework on them, so much that Easter holidays became a study week for the whole quintet."I'll never remember this," Ron burst out one afternoon, chucking his quill and staring longingly out of the library window.Gale didn't even react, as he flipped through his notes on Transfiguration."Hagrid! What are you doing in the library?" Gale looked up, and they all watched as Hagrid shuffled into view, obscuring something behind his back. He looked very out of place in his worn out overcoat."Jus' lookin'," he said, in a suspicious voice that peaked everyone's interest at once. "An' what're you lot up ter?" He looked suddenly suspicious. "Yer not still lookin' fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?""Oh, we found out who he is ages ago," said Ron impressively. "And we know what that dog's guarding, it's a Philosopher's St -""Shhhh!" Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening. "Don' go shoutin' about it, what's the matter with yeh?""There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said Harry, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy -""SHHHH! Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know. They'll think I've told yeh -""See you later, then," said Harry. Hagrid shuffled off."What was he hiding behind his back?" said Hermione thoughtfully. "Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?""I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron. He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms, letting them fall to the table in a clatter"Dragons!" he whispered. "Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide.""Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him, " said Harry."But it's against our laws," said Ron.Gale nodded rapidly, "Dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warlocks' Convention of 1709, every witch and wizard knows that.""It's hard to stop Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden - anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous. You should see the burns Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania.""But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" said Harry."Of course there are," said Ron. "Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you. Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who've spotted them, to make them forget.""So what on earths Hagrid up to?" said Hermione.Nova let out a small squeak, and they all glanced over. She was asleep on top of her notes. Her quill dripping ink onto the table as she slept. Gale stood and carefully cleared up her space, hoping that Madam Pince would not see the mess the ink had made.He cast a look at the trio, "We'll find out when we go talk to him, I'm sure."When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed.Hagrid called "Who is it?" before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused."So - yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?""Yes," said Harry. There was no point beating around the bush. "We were wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone apart from Fluffy."Hagrid frowned at him."0' course I can't," he said. "Number one, I don' know meself. Number two, yeh know too much already, so I wouldn' tell yeh if I could. That Stone's here fer a good reason. It Was almost stolen outta Gringotts - I s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? Beats me how yeh even know abou' Fluffy.""Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know, you know everything that goes on round here," said Hermione in a warm, flattering voice. Hagrid's beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really." Hermione went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you."Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Harry, Nova and Ron beamed at Hermione, while Gale just tilted his head in thought."Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... let's see... he borrowed Fluffy from me... then some o' the teachers did enchantments... Professor Sprout - Professor Flitwick - Professor McGonagall -" he ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell - an' Dumbledore himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape.""Snape?""Yeah - yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."Gale sent the others a concerned look. If Professor Snape, or Professor Quirrell, because Gale wasn't ruling him out just yet, were involved with protecting the stone, then they muse know how the others protected it."You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren't you, Hagrid?" said Harry anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teachers?""Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly."Well, that's something," Harry muttered to the others. "Hagrid, can we have a window open? I'm boiling."Nova boobed her head, "Yeah, it's become really hot, Hagrid.""Can't, Harry, sorry," said Hagrid. Gale followed the half-giant's gaze. Hung in the middle of the fire, below the kettle, was a massive, black egg."Hagrid - what's that?""Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er...""That's a Dragon egg, isn't it?" Gale asked"Where did you get it, Hagrid?" said Ron, squatting next to the fire getting a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you a fortune.""Won it," said Hagrid. "Las' night. I was down in the village havin' a few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest.""But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" said Hermione.Nova nodded, moving to kneel by Ron, "Surely they require more care than even you could provide?" She said."Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. "Got this outta the library - Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit - it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, 'cause their mothers breathe on I em, see, an' when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o' brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An' see here - how ter recognize diff'rent eggs - what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're rare, them.""Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," Hermione said, pointedly.Gale wiped his brow, then pulled the book closer to him. It was a very old book, with worn pages and faded script. It did detail how to hatch an egg, but it gave no information on raising specific dragon types."Hagrid, you can't rely just on this." Gale said, looking up.But Hagrid had stopped listening as he stoked the fire while humming happily.They were unable to check in with Hagrid, as the homework began to pile up. Gale found himself dozing off over his book often, waking only when Alexa wandered over to poke at him. He had also started to take note of when his kitten took off, wondering where the ball of fluff, who was now looking more and more sleek, was going.Then, about a week later, Harry received a note from Hagrid with only two words: It's hatching.Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to see."How many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?"Gale shook his head, as he adjusted his bookbag, "We really shouldn't skip classes, we need them." He stressed, narrowing his eyes at the red head."We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing -""Shut up!" Harry whispered.Gale glanced over, pausing in alarm when he saw Draco was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen.Ron and Hermione were still arguing when Gale separated to go to Charms. He went through class, wondering if he should pop in on Hagrid during morning break, just to see, but ultimately decided against it. His time was better spent on researching Norwegian Ridgeback's, knowing that Hagrid couldn't keep the dragon long.At lunch, a week later, Harry, Ron and Hermione came down brandishing a letter.Gale had all but forced Nova to start creating a simple study schedule. Meaning many papers were spread across their normal spot. Gale was standing over her, cradling a cup of chocolate milk, while quietly making suggestions. They both started a little when the Gryffindor's slapped the paper down on top of Nova's current project."Your late." Nova snapped, as Gale reached past her to pick up the letter. He quickly took in the words:Dear Ron,How are you? Thanks for the letter - I'd be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it won't be easy getting him here. I think the best thing will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustn't be seen carrying an illegal dragon.Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while it's still dark.Send me an answer as soon as possible.Love,Charlie"Your brother, I presume?" Gale said, passing the note to the irritated redhead in front of him while glancing at Ron.The other boy nodded, before helping himself to a couple sausages.Hermione peeked at the schedule in front on Nova, then nodded to the honey haired boy, "I'm proud," she paused for a moment, "and surprised that you managed to get her to prepare a schedule."Gale just sent her a shy smile, as Nova huffed."What is the plan?" Nova asked, eyes narrowing at the others. "We can't just walk around the school as we are."Ron shoveled a fork full of eggs into his mouth, "Harry has an Invisibility cloak. We'll be fine."Nova narrowed her eyes, the turned sharply to stare at Harry.Gale however focused on Ron. His hand was swollen, and he was struggling to hold his fork comfortably. Gale moved over and poked the injured hand."Oww, bloody hell Gale!" he snapped, "What are you doing?""I assume that you will be heading to the hospital wing." Gale stated, pulling away.Ron grimaced, "You think Madam Pomfrey would she recognize a dragon bite?"Gale blinked, then went pale, "Maybe?" he replied, feeling ill.By the afternoon, though, Ron had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked as if the dragon's fangs were poisonous.At the end of the day the quartet hurried up to the hospital wing to find Ron in a poor state in bed."It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me - I've told her it was a dog, but I don't think she believes me -I shouldn't have hit him at the Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this.""Nah," Nova said, leaning her chair back on two legs, "He's doing it because he's a daddy's boy.""It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday, Ron." said Hermione.At those words, Ron bolted upright, "Midnight on Saturday!" his voice went hoarse. "Oh no oh no - I've just remembered - Charlie's letter was in that book Malfoy took, he's going to know we're getting rid of Norbert."Nobody had a chance to answer as Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, telling them Ron needed to sleep."It's too late to change the plan now," Harry told them. "We haven't got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert. We'll have to risk it. And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that.""Who's going to go with?" Nova asked, "Because I vote that Hermione and Gale stay in."Hermione shot her a look, "Why do you get to choose?"Nova cocked a hip, "Because I haven't been able to do something fun with Harry yet. Last time something exciting happened we were all together."Gale cautiously spoke up, "Only two should go, just to minimize the damage." He offered.Hermione let out a huff, before agreeing.Gale spent the rest of his day attempting to create his own spell, so he could still be present, via Alexa. He wanted to have her keep and eye on his friends, but also see what was happening.When he failed yet again, he found himself lamenting his struggles to Alexa, who was sleeping on the table beside him."Why can't there already be a spell for this? No all we get is Legilimency, which only allows me to see what has happened." He sighed leaning forward heavily. "Why can't life be easy, just once?" He whispered, head falling to his arms.Slowly, he lifted his head, and checked the time, wincing when he saw it was five to eleven. Gale pulled his papers closer, then carefully organised them. Tucking them away, he then got up and prepared for bed, as he had no way of helping his friends.He felt like a failure.He felt like an even bigger failure when he saw the hourglasses the next day. Gryffindor had gone down a hundred points, and Hufflepuff had gone down fifty. Rather quickly he heard other students talking, about how Harry Potter had lost Gryffindor's lead on Slytherin.Sticking close to Harry and Nova, Gale was subject to pointing, and insults, that no one bothered hiding.Quite a few Slytherins, clapped if the group walked by, whistling and cheering, "Thanks Potter, we owe you one!"Gale had noticed that Nova and Harry had thrown themselves into their studies, following the dragon. Though it was a coping technique, that Gale could relate to, he was proud that his friends had taken note of how close exams were. They each kept to themselves, working late into the evening, before separating into their common rooms, only to continue. Each trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions...A week before exams, when Hermione was quizzing Ron on Astronomy, Harry appeared.He appeared slightly concerned, and Nova was quick to ask him what was wrong.Harry began explaining, "I overheard Professor Quirrell and Snape, arguing in an empty classroom." He started, "I decided to listen in, and I think Quirrell gave in."Gale tensed, "What did he say exactly?""I mean not anything specific. He said, "'Not again", and 'all right', he sounded like he was giving in.""Snape's done it, then!" said Ron. "If Quirrell's told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell -""There's still Fluffy, though," said Hermione."Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid," said Ron, gesturing to the library. "I bet there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Harry?"There was a light in Ron's eyes, as he talked."We can't do anything." Nova muttered."Go to Dumbledore. That's what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves, we'll be thrown out for sure." Hermione said, confidently."But we've got no proof!" Harry countered. "Quirrell's too scared to back us up. Snape's only got to say he doesn't know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor - who do you think they'll believe, him or us? It's not exactly a secret we hate him, Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn't help us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Snape, and the more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think. And don't forget, we're not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot of explaining."Gale nodded, "Besides I still wouldn't rule out Professor Quirrell.""He's a jittery mess." Nova commented, dryly.Gale straightened up, "I am to, but I still helped you with the troll!"Harry shook his head, "You're both pretty. Now, please be quiet."Both shot the other looks but stayed silent.Ron leaned away from his work, "If we just do a bit of poking around -""No," said Harry flatly, "we've done enough poking around."Harry then pulled his map of Jupiter towards him then turned to Gale, in order to ask him questions.Oh boy, I have a little bit of news. On my profile i have links to spotify playlists, so you can listen as you read. Or listen when bored, or just listen... I don't know, you do you, man~~~~~ Wolf

Everyone was nervous. It had been a little over a day since Professor Dumbledore had gone down to retrieve Harry, and came up with him unconscious in his arms. None of us had been aloud in the Hospital wing with him, even Nova, who had made a loud fuss, had been forced outside.So here we sat waiting.Professor Dumbledore swept past us, probably to talk to Harry. When he exited only a few minutes later, he smiled at us, but said nothing.The doors opened and Madam Pomfrey ushered us in. Gale settled on a nearby bed, while the others ascertained Harry's condition.The Ron had to ask, "What happened down there?"Harry easily painted a picture. Quirrell had been waiting for him by the mirror, with You-Know-Who, and the mirror which hid the stone. Ron and Hermione were captivated. Gasping and flinching along to his story. Nova however stayed silent, standing off to the side while glaring at Harry."So the Stone's gone?" stated Nova, her arms folding."That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that - what was it? - 'to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure."Nova shook her head, letting her hair fall in front of her face."I always said he was off his rocker," said Ron, looking impressed."What happened with all of you?" asked Harry, his eyes darting around."Well, Nova and I got back alright," Hermione started, "We helped Gale get Ron out."Gale stepped forward, "We beelined it to the Owlery, in order to contact Professor Dumbledore, but we met him in the entrance hall."Hermione sent him a grin, "Gale got rather growly when we saw him. He gave Dumbledore a proper order."Harry blinked glancing at Gale, who immediately ducked his head as his face went pink."D'you think he meant you to do it?" inquired Ron. "Sending you your father's cloak and everything?"Hemione exploded, "If he did, he would have been sending Harry in to die!"Harry tilted his head thoughtfully. "He's a funny man, Dumbledore. I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or less everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a fairly good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to help. I don't think it was an accident he let me find out how the mirror worked. It's almost like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if I could...""Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.Nova growled, "He is an idiot. Both you," She pointed to Harry, "and Dumbledore. You are eleven, Harry, and you could have died!" even from a distance Gale could see the tears in her eyes. "You are my best friend Harry, but… you don't have to fight alone!"It was then that Madam Pomfrey hurried over."You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT." she said decisively.Nova glared at Harry, before turning on her heel and storming out. Sedately, Gale, Hermione and Ron followed."What's her problem?" Ron wondered.Gale just shook his head, heading towards the Ravenclaw common room.The next evening, the quartet gathered before the feast. None of them spoke, they just let the silence hang over them comfortably. Then they separated. Each heading to their table, hoping that Harry would get to experience this.The Great Hall was decked out in vibrant silver, and shimmering green, celebrating the Slytherin's house cup, for the seventh year in a row. Towering over the High table was a banner with the Slytherin crest.Gale found himself close to the exuberant, overbearing, personality of Colby, who kept asking rather irritating questions about Harry.The doors to the Great Hall opened and everyone went silent. Gale craned him neck, and spotted Harry ducking his head and darting over to the Gryffindor table. People began to talk loudly and standing up in order to spot him.The Dumbledore arrived, and the room went quiet once again."Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were... you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts...""Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy- two."Loud cheering rang throughout the hall. Glancing over Gale spotted many Slytherins slamming goblets on the table. Draco wasn't. No, that Slytherin was looking across the Ravenclaw table silently. It was odd."Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore. "However, recent events must be taken into account."The room went very still. The Slytherins' smiles stiffened a little."Ahem," said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out. Let me see. Yes... First - to Mr. Ronald Weasley... for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."The Gryffindor exploded with glee, the cheers nearly shaking the school.Then there was silence."Second - to Miss Hermione Granger... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."Gale found himself clapping, despite the angered looks his fellow housemates were giving him. Gryffindor was a hundred points up."Third - to Ms. Nova Lestrange, for outstanding courage and readiness to defend her friends, I award Hufflepuff fifty points."The yellow table cheered, but quieted down quickly."Fourth – to Mr. Gale Lupin…" At his name Gale froze, "for, I award Ravenclaw house fifty points."The surrounding Ravenclaws let out a loud cheer, and Gale found himself silently gaping at Dumbledore. That put them above Slytherin. However, Dumbledore raised his hands, quieting the room."Third - to Mr. Harry Potter..." said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet, "for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points."Everyone went silent. Peering at the points, Gryffindor was tied with Slytherin, with Ravenclaw up four points. Gale raked his mind, was ther eanyone else Dumbledore could give points too?"There are all kinds of courage," continued Dumbledore, smiling. "It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom."The room exploded with cheers as the Gryffindor table stood up. Gale tensed. It was like and explosion had gone off. Gale glanced over to watch as Gryffindors threw themselves at Neville, burying him under a pile. They were overjoyed. Actually, casting a look around, every house, besides Slytherin looked happy. Sure some Ravenclaws looked annoyed that they had come so close then lost, but they were happy that it wasn't Slytherin who had won."Which mean," Dumbledore called over the celebrating houses, "We need a little change of decoration."With a clap of his hands the greens and silvers were gone. Scarlet replaced the green and gold replaced the silver, and the large banner behind the teachers vanished, becoming a large lion.It was overwhelming, but Gale managed to sit through the whole ceremony.Then came the exam results. Comparing it to the others Gale was surprised to learn that he had the best, not counting Hermione who went above and beyond the other first years. His best marks were Charms and, surprisingly, Potions.Then they had to pack away all their Hogwarts lives. Books finding new homes, weighing down their trunks. Gale had a hell of a time convincing Alexa back into her carrier for the journey home, in fact she vanished. Gale wandered around the school calling out hopefully. He explored the towers first, then moved to the lower levels of the school, until he found himself in the dungeons."Alexa, come on now." He called, pleading with his cat. He was tired, sore and only had to get her settled before their last night here."Need a hand?" Gale jumped, turning to stare wide eyed at the blonde behind him."Umm…"Draco rolled his eyes, "You're looking for your cat, yes?"Gale swallowed, "Yeah, she doesn't like her carrier.""How big is it?" Draco asked gesturing for Gale to follow."Umm… about this big," Gale used his hand to indicate it's size."That's it."Gale growled, "I'm not you, Malfoy, I can't afford to buy her a mansion." He glared at the floor, irritated.Draco paused mid step, "That came out wrong.""I don't see how that could come out right."Draco spun around, eyes locking with Gale's, "I know, others don't have as much money as my family, that doesn't make them lesser."Gale raised his head, "But bullying Harry because he didn't want to be friends is okay… or how about treating Neville like dirt because his skill isn't spellwork."A soft meow echoed down the corridor, and Gale glared at Draco, before turning and gathering his cat in his arms. Without a word he walked away. Draco watched, grimacing to himself before heading to his dorm.The ride home was prefaced with little notes, warning them to not use magic at home. From there the first years, soon to be second, were led down to the docks where they got a returning trip to the station in the boats. On the Train they enjoyed each other's company, laughing and eating. Until they had to break in order to pull on Muggle clothing, as they pulled into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didn't attract attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles."You must come and stay this summer," said Ron, "all of you - I'll send you an owl.""Thanks," said Harry, "I'll need something to look forward to." Nova elbowed him, with a fake scowl.Gale laughed, "I might not be able to," the group sent him worried looks, "Don't worry, I'll ask, we might get busy though." He offered.Harry, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway first, and Nova and Gale had to wait, before passing through.Nova bounced over to the group, joining their conversation easily. Gale found himself looking around, spotting his dad, reading a Muggle newspaper. Gale approached."I have to head off."Nova turned and pouted, "Alright."Hermione grinned, "We'll send letters. Right." Ron and Harry nodded in unison.Gale gave them a final smile, before heading over to his dad. Remus folded up his paper, and glanced up at Gale, his eye warm."Have a good year?"Gale gave a shy nod, "I met Harry Potter."Remus let out a laugh, as they made their way out of the station.Gale's summer was spent happily sharing many stories with his dad. Remus was scornful when he reprimanded Gale for his recklessness. He couldn't believe that they had gone after wizard with far more experience then them. After that, Gale wandered the old house, doing any chore he could to help his dad. That meant a lot of laundry. Then, if he found time, he read, pouring over books hoping that one would finally contain the secret to curing Lycanthropy. None did.Though Wolfsbane potion was an option, they were not wealthy enough to brew it ever full moon, or any really. So that was cast to the side, though Gale still really wanted to brew it and see its capabilities.Occasionally, Gale received a letter, from Hermione or Ron. Those letters came more frequently as the days went on. They worried about Harry and Nova. Neither had sent any of them a letter, concerned Gale also sent a letter, one to each of them.When no response came, Gale cried. It hurt. He knew they were his friends and he knew that they would write normally. But it was hard to suppress the thought that they had abandoned him. Beneath his hurt, he knew something was wrong, it was just hard.Gale eventually began writing frantically, as the three planned. They had no idea what was wrong, but they had to help. Hermione asked if they knew where Harry and Nova lived, but Gale disheartened had to tell her the two never spoken about it.Ron was the one to come up with a plan. His dad had a flying car, and his brothers, Fred and George, could drive it. They could go and pick the Two up. Hermione shot down that idea. Gale however, agreed, if they were cautious, and avoided Muggles at all cost.That scandalized Hermione, who didn't write back for a while.Gale didn't back down, instead he prepared a letter that Harry and Nova could read when they got to Ron's.The day after his owl was set to arrive at Ron's, his Hogwarts letter arrived, knocking over the cutlery as it settled on the table mid breakfast. Remus let out a small sigh, as he reached out and groomed the owl, carefully taking the letter held in its grasp.Gale awkwardly organized the scattered tableware, as Remus extended the letter."You'll want to read it." He was sent a warm smile, before his dad left the house to let the owl go outside.Enthused, Gale ripped open the letter, and scanned the contents. The letter contained a similar set of direction to last year, informing him to catch the Hogwarts Express at King's Cross station on September first, but Gale focused more on the book list.SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE:The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 by Miranda GoshawkBreak with a Banshee by Gilderoy LockhartGadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy LockhartHolidays with Hags by Gilderoy LockhartTravels with Trolls by Gilderoy LockhartVoyages with Vampires by Gilderoy LockhartWanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy LockhartYear with the Yeti by Gilderoy LockhartGilderoy Lockhart? Gale looked at his dad, then offered the school list."Who's Gilderoy Lockhart."Remus grimaced, "An extremely overconfident fool, with good charisma. His books are quite popular with the ladies."Gale tilted his head, "They are going to be expensive aren't they." He stated.Remus simply nodded, "I feel sorry for you, whomever is teaching you must be a fan."Gale lifted his arms weakly, letting out a fake cheer.The next day he sent a second letter, to both Hermione and Ron, asking when they'd be in Diagon Alley. Ron was quick to reply with Wednesday.So, Gale prepared to go shopping, ushering Alexa into the house as Remus stood waiting."Remember this will be uncomfortable." Remus warned as they linked arms. Gale nodded, "Deep breaths, don't focus to heavily on what you're feeling." He was advised.Then with a crack they left.It was an odd and extremely uncomfortable feeling. Gale felt as though he was being compressed, and the world went dark. It was hard to breath, and every movement made him feel nauseous.Then the crowded streets of Diagon Alley came into view.Gale found himself stumbling, but was steadied by Remus. Carefully he was lowered onto a nearby bench, as Remus dug through his pockets, eventually pulling out a coin purse."I doubt you want to have me following you about." Remus started, "I will wait in The Leaky Cauldron, come find me when you're done." Remus's gaze was stern as he placed the purse in Gale's hand.Gale nodded, "Thanks, Dad.""No problem, cub." Remus kissed his forehead, then pulled away, heading to the tavern.Left alone, Gale had to catch his breath, before he stood. Then he slowly spun around, only to rammed by a passing person. Gale yelped, and immediately shot to the nearest wall. He stared out at the crowd, hoping to see his friends. Finally, he spotted the familiar fiery red hair of the Weasleys, exiting Gringotts. He bolted over."Ron!" Gale's eye swept over the group, "Harry! Nova!" He cried, hugging them both. Harry let out a small wheeze, and Nova returned the hug. Sheepishly, Gale pulled away.Nova grinned, "Miss us, Freckles?" she teased.Gale just grinned.The quintet, took off along the cobbled street, stopping as Harry bought them all large strawberry-and-peanut-butter ice creams, which they ate happily as they strolled down the alley, examining the many shop windows. They stopped at Quality Quidditch Supplies, so Ron, Harry, and Nova could ogle the brooms.Hermione pulled Gale off to the side."How are you?""Better." Gale admitted, "I may have had a breakdown after you alerted me."Hermione's eyes flashed to his, "But you're fine now." She demanded.He gave a nod, the two wandered off to grab some ink and parchment. When they returned the three were still debating about the broom. The bookworms shared an amused look, then dragged their friends off. They explored many of the shops, but left without buying much.An hour later they headed for Flourish and Blotts. Unfortuanatley, there was a large crowd outside. People were shoving in a desparate attempt to get in the door. The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows:GILDEROY LOCKHARTwill be signing copies of his autobiographyMAGICAL MEtoday 12:30 P.m. to 4:30 P.m."We can actually meet him!" Hermione squealed. "I mean, he's written almost the whole booklist!"The group were jostled as they approached. Gale hated it.A lengthy line wound right to the back of the shop, where Gilderoy Lockhart was signing his books. They all grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 and crept up the line to the rest of the Weasleys who were standing with Hermione's parents."Oh, there you are, good," said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded out of breath and kept touching her hair. "We'll be able to see him in a minute …"Before Gilderoy Lockhart could come into view, gale felt his chest seize. He couldn't breath properly. He grabbed Nova, who took one look at him then guided him out of the crowded line over to a small clear area. She knelt next to him and just began to talk. Gale didn't really comprehend what came out of Nova's mouth, instead he focused on his breathing. He hadn't had a panic attack this bad since he was a child, specifically, when he entered his home just after his mom died. He tried to follow Nova's breathing, and slowly the pain in his chest faded."… And then dragons swooped down, did I mention we were cowboys. Do you even know what cowboys are?" Nova continued. "I mean I'm sure we have an equivalent, right, umm… yeah I can't think of one.""Nova, I know what cowboys are." Gale smiled.She let out a small gasp, then leaned over, placing her hand on his forehead. "Are you okay, I was completely winging that. What was that?""That was a panic attack, I think the crowd brought it on… but I can't be sure." said Gale, "I'm okay now, Thanks."Nova smiled, "You're welcome, Freckles. Should we join the others?"Gale shook his head, "I don't want to risk it. You can go though."Nova sniffed, "I'm staying right here. Harry has Hermione…" Then she added, "and Ron."Gale smiled, "What were you saying about cowboys?"Nova blinked, "Uhh…" She tilted her head, "I can't remember… I was just saying whatever came to mind."Gale laughed, causing her to brighten then join in.The crowd they had left, burst into cheers, and looking up gave them the reason. Harry had been dragged up to the front and Gale could now see Lockhart, who looked rather boring. Harry was balancing Lockhart's entire book collection in his arms. He staggered over to Gale and Nova."You can have these." He muttered to Gale. "I'll buy my own -""Bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter?" Gale found himself ducking his head as Draco Malfoy spoke.Harry straightened up, and Nova jumped to her feet."Oh, please insult him some more, Malfoy. Come on, give me a reason to punch you." Nova said, cracking her knuckles."Potter, you've got yourself a girlfriend!" drawled Malfoy.Both went red as Ron and Hermione fought their way over, both clutching stacks of Lockhart's books. "Oh, it's you," said Ron, looking at Malfoy as if he were something unpleasant he had stepped on. "Bet you're surprised to see Harry here, eh?""Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, Weasley," retorted Malfoy. "I suppose your parents will go hungry for a month to pay for all those."Ron went as red dropping his books into the cauldron next to Gale, then started toward Malfoy, but Harry and Hermione grabbed the back of his jacket."Ron!" said Mr. Weasley, struggling over along with Fred and George. "What are you doing? It's too crowded in here, let's go outside.""Well, well, well - Arthur Weasley." a man who looked like Draco approached. He stopped, placing his hand on Draco's shoulder, sneering at Mr. Weasley."Lucius," said Mr. Weasley, nodding coldly."Busy time at the Ministry, I hear," said Mr. Malfoy. "All those raids ... I hope they're paying you overtime?"He reached into the nearby cauldron and extracted, from amid the glossy Lockhart books, an old, very battered copy of A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration."Obviously not," Mr. Malfoy said. "Dear me, what's the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if they don't even pay you well for it?"Mr. Weasley flushed darker than Ron."We have a very different idea of what disgraces the name of wizard, Malfoy," he said."Clearly," said Mr. Malfoy, his pale eyes straying to the Grangers, who were watching apprehensively. "The company you keep, Weasley ... and I thought your family could sink no lower -'At that, Mr. Weasley threw himself at Mr. Malfoy, knocking him back into a bookshelf. Dozens of heavy spellbooks came tumbling down on their heads. Gale heard a yell of, "Get him, Dad!" from Fred or George; Mrs. Weasley shrieked out, "No, Arthur, no!"; the crowd hurried backwards, knocking more shelves over; "Gentlemen, please - please!" cried an assistant, and then, louder than it all "Break it up, there, gents, break it up -"Hagrid was wading toward them through the sea of books and people. With ease he pulled Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy apart. Mr. Weasley had a cut lip and Mr. Malfoy had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toadstools. He was still clutching Ginny's old Transfiguration book. He thrust it at her, his eyes gleaming with malevolence."Here, girl - take your book - it's the best your father can give you -" Pulling himself out of Hagrid's grip he beckoned to Draco, who sent a brief glance at Gale, before they swept from the shop."Yeh should've ignored him, Arthur," said Hagrid, almost lifting Mr. Weasley off his feet as he straightened his robes. "Rotten ter the core, the whole family, everyone knows that - no Malfoy's worth listenin' ter - bad blood, that's what it is - come on now - let's get outta here."The assistant looked as though he wanted to stop them leaving, but he barely came up to Hagrid's waist and seemed to think better of it. They hurried up the street, the Grangers shaking with fright and Mrs. Weasley beside herself with fury."A fine example to set for your children . . . brawling in public . . . what Gilderoy Lockhart must've thought -""He was pleased," said Fred. "Didn't you hear him as we were leaving? He was asking that bloke from the Daily Prophet if he'd be able to work the fight into his report - said it was all publicity -"They were subdued as they headed back to the fireside in the Leaky Cauldron. There Gale pulled his friends over to meet his dad, who was sat calmly in the corner."Dad."Remus glanced up, eyes wandering across the gathered group, "Did you have fun?" He asked.Gale nodded, "We did." I wanted you to mee my friends before they left. Hermione, she the smartest witch in our year. Ron, he's been really nice about the whole stupid thing. Nova, Harry's best friend. And Harry, whom you've definitely heard of." He pointed to each as he spoke.Remus gave them a warm smile, "Remus Lupin, I went to school with your father, Harry."Nova bounced, "Ohh, do you have any fun stories."Remus shook his head, amusement painting his features, "none that would be short enough for you families." He nodded to their parents behind them, "They are getting impatient."Harry gaped at Remus, before hesitantly asking, "Can you write about them, and send that?" his head fell in embarrassment.Remus blinked, "I… I suppose I will."Gale knew his father well, and his dad looked as though he was about to cry.He smiled at his friends, "See you on the train?""Of course." Said Hermione, the others nodded.With a smile the others parted, Harry, Ron and Nova going back to the Weasley's and Hermione, and her parents leaving for the building across the street. Gale was excited, the next year would be fun.

After that, the summer went flying by. Gale spent the rest of his time off, running around preparing his trunk. He had to ask his dad to cast another Feather Light spell on his trunk, because of all the books crammed into it. Come morning, Gale had not slept, instead he had spent his time double checking everything, and dreading the new school year.Remus dropped Gale off at King's Cross Station at ten fifteen. This gave Gale ample time to get on the train and settle into an open compartment. While waiting he pulled out one of his many school notebooks and began scribbling amendments down in the margins."This compartment free?"Gale jumped slightly, his amber eyes lifting to meet the warm brown of Hermione's. He licked his lips, then gave her a small smile. She beamed, and sat down next to him, her eyes bright."What are you working on?"Gale cleared his throat, "I was making notes on Lockhart's books. I don't really trust his material, but that doesn't mean I can slack off."Hermione rolled her eyes, 'I don't see why everyone is so judgemental about him, he did a lot of good things!""Technically, so did Nazi Germany, but that doesn't make them right." He paused, "Or very good."Hermione grimaced, then glanced out at the platform, "The others need to get here soon, or they'll miss the train." she worried.Gale blinked, then followed her gaze, "I'm sure they won't miss the train, they are not that daft." They shared a smile.The two began sharing stories from their respective summers, getting so wrapped up that neither of them noticed the train leaving until they were surrounded by farmland and trees."Where are they?" asked Hermione. Gale found himself shrugging in response. "We better go find them."They peeled themselves from their seats and began looking through the compartments. They started at the front, bumping into the trolley lady and gale found himself buying some chocolate for later. Neither of them were brave enough to actually ask anyone in the compartments if they had seen Harry, Ron or Nova, but the two, instead used their eyes. Each compartment gave them the same answer, they were not on board.They wandered back up to their claimed compartment, and flopped down. Hermione looked terrified, and she kept nervously fidgeting."What if something happened to them?" She worried.Gale reached out and pat her on the shoulder, "They'll be fine, I'm sure if they did get left behind, they were smart enough to send an owl." He gave her a soft smile, "What else would Harry use Hedwig for."Hermione's eyes watered, and she gave a weak chuckle.Despite his assurances, Gale was extremely worried for them. Harry wasn't known for his ability to stay out of trouble, but he could hope. The rest of the journey was filled with anxious silence and concerned looks, as the two approached Hogwarts without their friends.Darkness fell, and the train slowed to a crawl as it reached the station. Hermione clutched anxiously at Gale's hand, and he gratefully returned the favor. Together they got off, following the chaotic mass of older students. That lead them to carriages connected to large skeletal horses, as dark as the sky. The creatures appeared threatening, but Gale knew that they really weren't, he didn't know how he knew that he just knew.It was also then that he realised Hermione hadn't commented on them, and he glanced at her from the corner of his eye. Gale decided that it wasn't the time, and they headed into one of the carriages.Inside was the familiar face of Neville Longbottom and an older Hufflepuff, that Gale didn't know the name of. Neville cast the two a confused glance, but Hermione just shook her head.They were pulled up to the castle, and directed towards the Great Hall, where many stories reached their ears. People were enthusiastically talking about a flying car they had spotted above the train. That gave Gale and Hermione enough to make an educated guess on who was in it.They shared a look, filled with a mix of fear and acceptance. The two sighed in unison, before reluctantly splitting to their own tables.The sorting and feast were very similar to last year, but because of his worry, Gale missed almost everything. He was able to catch Hermione as they left, grabbing her loosely by the arm."Hermione, can you explain everything tomorrow morning?" He asked, quietly.She gave a thin-lipped nod, her eyes filled with anger.It was the next morning, when the studious two learnt about their friend's idiocy."You are completely mental." Gale stated, his face had gotten progressively paler throughout the three's story, and now looked as if he was about to be sick.Nova hopped a little in her seat, "It was really cool, I mean the train's cool and all, but arriving via flying car. I think that makes us the coolest people ever." Gale's jaw dropped, before he shook his head and stood."I'm going to class now.""You haven't received your schedule yet." Said Nova.Gale forced a smile, "No… but I can see Professor Flitwick, who is handing out the Ravenclaw schedules." He stated, then turned and rushed over to the tiny professor. "Professor! Can I have my schedule?"Flitwick gave him a considering look, then nodded, "Good luck this year, Mr. Lupin." He extended the paper to Gale, who sent him a thankful smile.He was just about to leave when shout rang out through the Great Hall, originating from the Gryffindor table."STEALING THE CAR, I WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN SURPRISED IF THEY'D EXPELLED YOU, YOU WAIT TILL I GET HOLD OF YOU, I DON'T SUPPOSE YOU STOPPED TO THINK WHAT YOUR FATHERAND I WENT THROUGH WHEN WE SAW IT WAS GONE –"It was Mrs. Weasley. She obviously agreed with Gale and Hermione and had sent Ron a Howler. It was deafening, and under rapid consideration, Gale left the Hall. Loud shouting echoing from behind him. As soon as the shouting faded, Gale looked at his schedule. First class was double Charms, with Slytherin.Gale set of, navigating the corridors, and changing stairs like he was never gone. He arrived at Charms and settled in his chosen seat. Quietly he pulled out his books, then relaxed in his seat. It wasn't often that he found time to relax before class last year, and he knew that it was likely to be the same this year. At least there wasn't the Philosopher's Stone or Quirrell to worry about.Soon, Professor Flitwick, and the rest of his class arrived. Then he spent the next two hours taking notes on casting a shrinking charm, and how to reverse it. Then he was off to the most dreadful experience ever.Defense Against the Dark Arts with Gilderoy Lockhart.They had barely sat down when Lockhart cleared his throat loudly, even though the room was fairly quiet. He stood and picked up a copy of his book, one that belonged to a flustered Ravenclaw girl."Me," he said, pointing at his image on the cover, winking as well. "Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five-time winner of Witch Weekly's Most Charming-Smile Award - but I don't talk about that. I didn't get rid of the Bandon Banshee by smiling at her!"He paused for people to laugh; a few of the girls giggled."I see you've all bought a complete set of my books -well done. I thought we'd start today with a little quiz. Nothing to worry about just to check how well you've read them, how much you've taken in -" And he went around the room, passing out a substantial stack of paper, before to the front of the class and said, "You have thirty minutes - start - now!"Gale only had to read the first question to figure out how this year was going to go.1. What is Gilderoy Lockhart 's favorite color?2. What is Gilderoy Lockhart's secret ambition?3. What, in your opinion, is Gilderoy Lockhart's greatest achievement to date?It went on and on, for three pages. If Gale had any rebellious bone in his body, he would have thrown his quill down and refused to do the 'test'. But since he was not a Gryffindor, no matter his parentage, he slouched down and began answering the stupid questions.Thirty minutes later, Lockhart went around to collect the papers, and shuffled through them."Tut, tut - hardly any of you remembered that my favorite color is lilac. I say so in Year with the Yeti. And a few of you need to read Wanderings with Werewolves more carefully - I clearly state in chapter twelve that my ideal birthday gift would be harmony between all magic and non-magic peoples - though I wouldn't say no to a large bottle of Ogdeds Old Firewhisky!"He Smirked widely, giving the class a exaggerated wink. Casting a look around, most of the boys looked as though they had been tortured, while quite a few girls listened with rapt attention. Gale focused on the desk at the front, jumping when Lockhart mentioned him."… but Mr. Gale Lupin knew my secret ambition is to rid the world of evil and market my own range of hair-care potions - good job! In fact," he flipped over Gale's paper, "full marks! Where is Mr. Gale Lupin?"Aghast, Gale raised a hand."Excellent!" beamed Lockhart, bouncing almost like Nova, just with less charm. "Quite excellent! Take ten points for Ravenclaw! And so - to business -"He bent down behind his desk and lifted a large, covered cage onto it."Now - be warned! It is my job to arm you against the foulest creatures known to wizard kind! You may find yourselves facing your worst fears in this room. Know only that no harm can befall you whilst I am here. All I ask is that you remain calm."Most of the class leaned forward, muttering quietly amoung themselves. Even Gale found himself peering curiously at the covered cage."I must ask you not to scream," said Lockhart, lowly. "It might provoke them."The whole class held its breath, filled with anticipation, Lockhart whipped off the cover."Yes," he said dramatically. "Freshly caught Cornish pixies."It was then that almost every girl in class slouched. Gale felt his eyes un-focusing, as Lockhart began warning them about the creatures. Gale knew enough about Cornish pixies without the teacher's nattering. His father often enthused about some of the odder magical creatures, and Gale always listened. Anything Lockhart had to say was bogus compared to Remus.There was a brief moment where, Lockhart looked as though he were about to open the cage, but he stopped. There went learning anything in DA.As Lockhart went on, Gale pulled out a piece of paper, and began to write a pleading letter to his dad.Dad,I find myself in need of your superior knowledge and aid. We have come to realise our teacher in Defence Against the Dark Arts is a bit naff. He almost released Cornish pixies into the classroom with out explaining them to us.I want you to come and teach us. You always made learning fun and engaging… please dad… I'm begging youLove from your favorite child,GaleUnfortunately, after DA he had to go eat lunch and he found himself sitting with the others. Hermione was in the middle of presenting her transfigured buttons."Nice." Said Gale, as he sat down next to her.Ron crossed his arms, "Would you stop, we get it, you are smart.""What've we got this afternoon?" said Harry, hastily changing the subject."Defense Against the Dark Arts," said Hermione at once."Why," demanded Ron, seizing her schedule, "have you outlined all Lockhart's lessons in little hearts?"Nova practically jumped across the table in order to peer at the paper in his hands. Hermione snatched the schedule back, blushing furiouslyThey finished lunch and went outside into the overcast courtyard. Hermione sat down on a stone step, along with Gale and buried her nose in Voyages with Vampire, Gale simply pulled out his letter to proofread. Just a little way away Nova, Harry and Ron stood talking about Quidditch.Gale buried himself into his words, ignoring the world around him. Until an extremely familiar voice rang out across the courtyard."Signed photos? You're giving out signed photos, Potter?"The two on the step looked up. Draco Malfoy was stood just behind a small mousy-haired boy with a large camera. Flanking him were his large and brutish companions, Crabbe and Goyle."Everyone line up!" Malfoy roared to nearby students. "Harry Potter's giving out signed photos!""No, I'm not," Harry snapped, his fists clenched into fists. "Shut up, Malfoy.""You're just jealous," piped up the small camera boy."Jealous?" said Malfoy, speaking normally, as he had caught the attention of the whole courtyard. "Of what? I don't want a foul scar right across my head, thanks. I don't think getting your head cut open makes you that special, myself."Gale sighed and stood, why couldn't Draco ever just be nice?"Eat slugs, Malfoy," snapped Ron angrily.Both Crabbe and Goyle, Gale was really curious what their first names were, stopped laughing, stepping forward in an attempt to intimidate them."Be careful, Weasley," sneered Malfoy. "You don't want to start any trouble or your Mommy'll have to come and take you away from school." He put on a shrill, piercing voice. "If you put another toe out of line' - "A small group of Slytherin fifth years laughed loudly. "Weasley would like a signed photo, Potter," smirked Malfoy. "It'd be worth more than his family's whole house -"Ron whipped out his wand, which had been shoddily repaired after their arrival, but Hermione snapped Voyages with Vampires shut and whispered, "Look out!""What's all this, what's all this?" Gilderoy Lockhart was striding toward them, his turquoise robes swirling behind him. "Who's giving out signed photos?"Harry just opened his mouth, but was cut off when Lockhart flung an arm around his shoulders and rumbled cheerily, "Shouldn't have asked! We meet again, Harry!""Come on then, Mr. Creevey," said Lockhart, beaming at the camera boy. "A double portrait, can't do better than that, and we'll both sign it for you."He fumbled for his camera and took the picture as the bell rang behind them, signaling the start of afternoon classes."Off you go, move along there," Lockhart called to the crowd, then turned and led Harry away."He is vile." Said Nova.Gale gathered his things and began back to class, "Who, Draco, or Lockhart?"Nova struggled for a moment, "I… I… Both… Yeah both."Gale smiled, but Hermione jumped in."Professor Lockhart isn't bad; he's done a lot for the wizarding world." She defended."I'll give you two months." Gale said, before ducking away from the group to head to Potions.At dinner, Gale was prepared to send his letter to his father."He actually let them out?" Gale's voice went shrill with disbelief.Harry nodded vigorously, "And he made us deal with it.""What spell did he try?""Peskipiksi Pesternomi."Gale let his head fall against the table, "He made that up." He looked up at Hermione, "Surely you know that right. The best spell to use against Cornish pixies is either a stunning spell, which only works on one, or Immobulus, which can slow a large group."Hermione sniffed, "And how do you know that, are you the teacher?""No, but my dad always wanted to be.""Then why isn't he?" inquired Nova.Gale bit his lip, "Conflict of interest.""Because you'd be his student?" Harry asked.Gale shook his head, "Ministry issues."Ron nodded vigorously, "They can be bloody vindicative."Two days passed, and then there was a conflict. Of course, Gale had to learn it from Hermione during the other's detention, but it made little difference. He was angry. Gale paced, feet hitting the ground loudly as he went back and forth."I can't believe he called you that." Gale growled, "I thought he could be a friend, but no he had to go insult my best friend." He slammed a book hard on the library table."Gale, calm down." Hermione tried, "I didn't even know what it meant."Gale stared at her, "But he did. And he still used it." He snapped, swallowing when she flinched. "I'm sorry.""it's fine.""It's really not." Gale's voice softened, as he sat down beside her, "Here I am getting upset, and snapping at you, that I haven't asked you the most important question."Gale reached out and grabbed Hermione's hands in his, Amber eyes glittering with apology."How are you?"With that Hermione burst into tears. Gale closed his eyes and pulled her closer, wrapping himself around her. Her tears soaked Gale's robes, as he ran a hand through her bushy hair. They sat their curled up together for quite a while before she pulled away."It hurts. I thought I had found my place… I don't think I have.""Hermione," Gale leaned forward, and wiped some tears from her cheeks. "You have found a place. Everyone has bullies, even people like Draco Malfoy."Hermione nodded, then gave him a weak smile, "Thanks." She whispered.He grinned at her, "Welcome. Now, can we plan some fictional revenge as therapy?"She let out a watery laugh before nodding. Gale pulled her closer, and began writing out on one of their abandoned pieces of parchment, scrawling out every detail for his revenge."A death day party?"Gale stared at the others. Harry was sitting beside a very jittery Nova, while Ron grinned. Hermione gave him a soft smile, then nodded. This was definitely a bizarre way to start a Sunday."I know." Ron said sagely, "I had the same reaction.""I don't mean to be rude; I just don't think that would be very hospitable for living guests." He responded slowly. "And that would mean missing the Halloween feast."Nova stilled, "Harry, we can still go to the feast… right?"In response, Harry flushed, "I mean, we could just stop in before the feast… or after."Gale considered for a moment, "I would say after, just in case they don't have food."However come Halloween, none of them were terribly enthusiastic about the party. But at seven o'clock, they walked straight past the warmly lit Great Hall, and its rich pumpkin smells, and going down toward the dungeons. The passageway leading to Nearly Headless Nick's party had was lined with candles that fit the season well. They were long, thin, and jet-black, all burning bright blue, casting a ghostly light over their faces. The temperature dropped with each step they took. As they drew closer the grating sound of thousands of fingernails scraping a massive blackboard."Is that supposed to be music?" Ron whispered.They turned a corner and saw Nearly Headless Nick standing at a doorway hung with black velvet drapes."My dear friends," he said mournfully. "Welcome, welcome . . . so pleased you could come. . ."He swept off his crested hat and bowed them in. It was an extraordinary sight. The dungeon was filled of hundreds of ghosts, who drifted around a crowded dance floor, waltzing to the appalling, shaky sound of musical saws, played by an orchestra on a black-draped platform. The chandelier overhead blazed midnight-blue with a many more black candles. Their breath formed a mist as they exhaled; it was like stepping into a freezer."Shall we have a look around?" Harry suggested, shifting uncomfortably."Careful not to walk through anyone," said Ron nervously, and they set off around the dance floor."Well this is cheery." Nova commented, as the passed a group of melancholy nuns, a ragged man in chains, and the Fat Friar, a cheerful Hufflepuff ghost, who was talking to a knight with an arrow sticking out of his forehead. Even the Bloody Baron, a gaunt, staring Slytherin ghost covered in silver bloodstains, was here, though other ghosts gave him a wide berth."Oh, no," Hermione, stopped abruptly. "Turn back, turn back, I don't want to talk to Moaning Myrtle -""Who?" asked Harry."She haunts one of the toilets in the girls' bathroom on the first floor," said Hermione."She haunts a toilet?""Oh, you mean the out of order one?" Nova asked."Yes. It's been out-of-order all last year because she keeps having tantrums and flooding the place. I never went in there anyway if I could avoid it; it's awful trying to have a pee with her wailing at you -""Look, food!" said Ron."I wouldn't trust it." Gale advised, as they headed towards a long table, covered in black velvet.Ron approached it eagerly but stopped in his tracks, horrified. The smell was quite repulsive. Large, rotten fish were laid on handsome silver platters; cakes, burned charcoal-black, were heaped on salvers; there was a great maggoty haggis, a slab of cheese covered in furry green mold and, in pride of place, an enormous gray cake in the shape of a tombstone, with tar-like icing forming the words, Sir Nicholas de Mimsy Porpington, died 31st October, 1492.Gale went pale, just as a portly ghost walked through the table, his mouth held wide open."Can you taste it if you walk though it?" Harry asked him."Almost," replied the ghost sadly, then drifted away."I expect they've let it rot to give it a stronger flavor," said Hermione knowledgeably, pinching her nose and leaning closer to look at the putrid haggis."Can we move? I feel sick," Ron muttered.They had barely turned around, however, when a little man swooped suddenly from under the table and came to a halt in midair before them."Hello, Peeves," Harry cautiously, greeted.Unlike the other ghosts, Peeves the Poltergeist was the opposite of pale and transparent. He had donned a bright orange party hat, a spinning bow tie, and a broad grin on his wide, wicked face."Nibbles?" he asked, offering a bowl of peanuts covered in fungus."No thanks," said Hermione."Heard you talking about poor Myrtle," said Peeves, his eyes glittering. "Rude you was about poor Myrtle." He took in a deep breath then hollered, "OY! MYRTLE!""Oh, no, Peeves, don't tell her what I said, she'll be really upset," Hermione frantically whispered. "I didn't mean it, I don't mind her - er, hello, Myrtle."A pale ghost of a girl had glided over. She had the glummest face, half-hidden behind lank hair and thick, pearly glasses."What?" she said sulkily."How are you, Myrtle?" said Hermione in a false, bright voice. "It's nice to see you out of the toilet." Myrtle sniffed."Miss Granger was just talking about you -" said Peeves slyly in Myrtle's ear."Just saying - saying - how nice you look tonight," said Hermione, glaring at Peeves. Myrtle eyed Hermione suspiciously. "You're making fun of me," she said, silver tears welling rapidly in her small, see-through eyes."No - honestly - didn't I just say how nice Myrtle's looking?" said Hermione, nudging Harry and Ron painfully in the ribs."Oh, yeah -""She did -""Don't lie to me," Myrtle gasped, tears suddenly flooding down her face, all while Peeves chuckled happily. "D'you think I don't know what people call me behind my back? Fat Myrtle! Ugly Myrtle! Miserable, moaning, moping Myrtle!""You've forgotten pimply," Peeves leaned forward and hissed.Moaning Myrtle burst into grief-stricken sobs and fled. Peeves followed, attacking her with moldy peanuts, yelling, "Pimply! Pimply!""Oh, dear," said Hermione sadly.Nearly Headless Nick now drifted toward them through the crowd."Enjoying yourselves?""Oh, yes," was the collective lie."Not a bad turnout," said Nearly Headless Nick, proudly. "The Wailing Widow came all the way up from Kent… It's nearly time for my speech, I'd better go and warn the orchestra…"The orchestra abruptly stopped at that very moment. They, and everyone in the dungeon, fell silent, looking around in excitement, as a hunting horn sounded."Oh, here we go," said Nearly Headless Nick. bitterly.Through a dungeon wall burst forth a dozen ghost horses, each ridden by a headless horseman. The crowd clapped wildly. The horses trotted to the middle of the floor and halted, rearing. At the front of the pack was a large ghost, his bearded head tucked under his arm, as he blew the horn.The ghost leapt down, lifted his head high in the air so he could see over the crowd, causing laughter, and strode over to Nearly Headless Nick, cramming his head back onto his neck."Nick!" he cried. "How are you? Head still hanging in there?" He gave a hearty chortle, clapping Nearly Headless Nick on the shoulder."Welcome, Patrick," Nick said, stiffly."Live 'uns!" said Sir Patrick, spotting the quintet and giving a huge, faux jump of surprise, causing his head fell off again; nearby ghosts howled with laughter."Very amusing," said Nearly Headless Nick darkly."Don't mind Nick!" shouted Sir Patrick's head from is place on the floor. "Still upset we won't let him join the Hunt! But I mean to say - look at the fellow -""I think," said Harry hurriedly, "Nick's very - frightening and - er -""Ha!" shouted Sir Patrick's head. "Bet he asked you to say that!""If I could have everyone's attention, it's time for my speech!" Nearly Headless Nick said loudly, striding toward the podium and entering an icy blue spotlight. "My late lamented lords, ladies, and gentlemen, it is my great sorrow . . ." But everybody's attention was somewhere elseThat somewhere else was Sir Patrick and the rest of the Headless Hunt, as they started a game of Head Hockey. Nearly Headless Nick tried hopelessly to recollect his audience, but gave up when Sir Patrick's head went sailing past him to loud cheers."I can't stand much more of this," Ron muttered, his teeth chattering.The orchestra jumped back into action, meaning the ghosts swept back across the dance floor."Let's go," Harry agreed.They backed toward the door, nodding and beaming at anyone who looked at them, and a minute later were hurrying back up the passageway full of black candles."Pudding might not be finished yet," said Ron hopefully, leading them back to the entrance hall."Mm, pudding." hummed Nova, eyes closing as she imagined it before her.Gale grimaced, "Maybe we could all just grab something from the kitchens, so we don't cause a disturbance." Hermione nodded, lightly, in agreement."It's the Great Hall, we won't cause any problems going there." Ron stated.Gale glanced back the way they came; he was certain that they really could. Especially if last year had taught him anything.

They had just reached the top of the staircase when Harry staggered into the wall."Harry!" Nova yelped, immediately circling to support him."Harry, what're you -?""It's that voice again - shut up a minute -"Gale's confusion was palpable, but he didn't ask, instead moving closer."Listen!" said Harry urgently, and everyone froze.The halls were silent. In fact, Gale glanced up and down the corridors, seeing no one. Everyone else was at the feast. Harry's gaze moved to the ceiling. Gale sent the others a worried look, but no one saw, they were too focused on Harry."This way," he suddenly shouted. Harry bolted up the stairs, into the entrance hall. Gale cautiously followed, keeping to the back, as Nova, Hermione and Ron clattered after. Harry sprinted up the marble staircase to the first floor."Harry, what're we –""SHH!"Gale pulled back, making a small hum. Hoping to hear whatever Harry was, he closed his eyes and focused. Standing still, he strained his ears, but nothing sounded different. Gale opened his eyes, only to see the group gone.He nodded to himself, and took a step back towards the Great Hall. Gale was rather hungry, and they couldn't really blame him, could they. He stood there, indecisively looking back and forth, then decided that food sounded better right now.Backtracking, Gale slid into the Great Hall, where many students were settled into their own conversations, mid-dessert. He found a seat near the end of the Ravenclaw table then grabbed a few small items to eat. And he ate them quickly as he was uncertain how much longer the food would be there.Gale kept an eye on the nearby Ravenclaws, hoping that nobody had noticed his late arrival. None appeared to be aware of any changes.Because of his late arrival, the food vanished mid brownie. Gale hesitantly followed as loud movement began in the hall. He tried to stick close to the front, if only so he could spot his friends. They went over too the second floor, thousands of loud voices filled the corridor, along with thunderous footsteps.Gale's eyes locked on the strange sight. Nova, Harry, Hermione, and Ron were all stood near dark red words. "The chamber of secrets has been opened. Enemies of the heir, beware." Just below the words were a familiar cat. Mrs. Norris was hanging from the torch by her tail.Everybody else went quiet as they spotted the sight before them. Someone was shoved into Gale, who stumbled into the wall.Moving past was Draco, who bit out, "Enemies of the Heir, beware! You'll be next, Mudbloods!"That shout attracted more interest."What's going on here? What's going on?" Argus Filch shouldered his way through the crowd, stopping when his eyes fell on his cat. "You! You! You've murdered my cat! You've killed her! I'll kill you! I'll -" He took a few steps towards Harry."Argus!" came the low demand of Dumbledore's voice.Just behind him were a number of other teachers. Dumbledore swept past the gathered students and detached the suspended cat."Come with me, Argus," he said to Filch. "You, too, Mr. Potter, Miss Lestrange, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger."Lockhart stepped forward, "My office is nearest, Headmaster - just upstairs - please feel free -""Thank you, Gilderoy," said Dumbledore.The silent crowd parted to let them pass. Lockhart, looking excited and important, hurried after Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall and Professor Snape.Gale turned to watch his friends, but made no move to follow. As they disappeared down the hall, theories were thrown around energetically.Glancing back, Gale's eyes met Draco's. The blonde's head ducked down, cheeks turning pink, but gale paid him no mind. Instead, he bolted back to his common room, hoping to find some information on the Chamber of Secrets.Gale breezed past the knocker's riddle, then ran up the stairs to his room. He flew throughout the room, digging around his luggage. With great glee, he lifted his copy of Hogwarts, A History, by Bathilda Bagshot above his head. He lightly set it on his bed, then sat down. He pulled the book to him, then began to skim over the contents, searching for the Chamber of Secrets.He pulled his blankets around him, becoming absorbed into history. Occasionally, Gale would take a few notes, or reach out to pet Alexa, who was stretched out in the middle of his bed.Gale sat reading throughout the night, wand tip glowing, just to provide light. His mind focused entirely on his research."Merow!"Gale jumped his eyes jerking around the room, until his gaze landed on the irritated black cat sitting before him. He grimaced, at her then cast a look to the nearby window. Faint morning light streaked through the glass, dust floated through the air, now visible with the early sunlight.Gale carefully moved his book to the side, and slide out of the blankets. He was still dressed, but he wanted to at least try to make himself presentable.Bolting down the tower, with his notes and book in hand, Gale slid into the group's typical meeting spot at the Gryffindor table. He flipped the book open on the table, then grabbed a few croissants, and his morning chocolate milk.Despite his excitement, he wasn't sure about presenting any of his gathered knowledge to his friends. So, when Nova muttered a greeting then flopped into her seat, he stayed silent.Just because Gale kept quiet didn't mean the rest of the school was willing to. Filch had taken the attack on his cat very seriously, and paced where she had been left, he even went at the writing on the wall with Mrs. Skower's All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover, which did absolutely nothing.In the following days, Gale and Hermione had sheltered away within the Library, doing as much research as possible on the Chamber of Secrets and, after it was explained that Mrs. Norris was petrified, anything that could cause petrification.Unfortunately, even with Gale's, copy of Hogwarts, A History, they could find little about the Chamber. All that had been written was that it was rumored to have been created by Salazar Slytherin, then sealed away. There was little else to go on.Hermione let out a frustrated groan, throwing herself across the book in front of her."Same." Gale muttered, slamming a copy of Fantastic Beasts and where to Find Them shut."Why can't we find anything on this chamber?" She rubbed her face, "It must exist, because why else would it be mentioned at the attack?"Gale curled up around Alexa, who was purring in his lap. He absently began scratching her back, and tried to think, but his mind felt like mush."We need to take a break." He sighed, feeling defeated.Hermione stacked their collective books, and stood."We can't give up Gale, this is important.""I know it is 'mione, but I'm wreaked." Gale lifted his cat up to his shoulder, where she settled. "We've found nothing of value, and if we wanted to narrow down what creature, or thing, that petrified Mrs. Norris, we need more information." He leaned forward, eyes pleading with her.She let out a soft growl, before her body seemed to sag, "Yeah, okay."Gale nodded, then grabbed half of the book pile, He efficiently put the book back on their respective shelves, then moved to the door. Hermione was right on his heels.Together they left, both having to inform the others that they had no helpful knowledge.A day passed, with little change, until they gathered at the Gryffindor table that evening."We have information!" Hermione practically shouted at Gale, as the three red wearing students slid into their seats."What?" Nova asked blearily. She had fallen asleep at the table.Harry leaned forward, "Hermione interrupted Professor Binns and asked him about the Chamber of Secrets.""Really?" Gale perked up, gaze turning to regard Hermione, "What'd he say?"Hermione took a breath, "The founders began to argue about who were being admitted into Hogwarts, Salazar Slytherin wanted it to be kept within magic users, and their families. Of course, he was outvoted. He hated the Muggle-born students, which caused an argument between Slytherin and Gryffindor, ending with Slytherin leaving." She took in another breath, "According to legend, Salazar Slytherin hid a sealed chamber inside the castle, which only his heir can open. He didn't know what was in the Chamber. He just called it a horror that would purge the school of those unworthy to study magic.""No wonder there isn't much information on the chamber." Gale murmured, settling back."How would you seal of a chamber like that, Gale?""Blood Wards." Was his immediate response."Blood Wards?" Harry asked."Wards directly linked to a family bloodline. Most of the time they are used as a protection of sorts, but you can make a version that only activates or does something when that bloodline is in contact, or does something."Nova's nose wrinkled in befuddlement, "Then why weren't they used during the first war?""Because they often require the individual casting it to give up a piece of them. Like their magical essence. So, it's kinda not that efficient."Hermione hummed, in acknowledgement. They all fell into a comfortable silence, as they ate. They were miway through desert when nova spoke."We should go investigate the hall." She stated it as a fact.Hermione cast a nervous glance towards the teachers, "I don't know, that seems a bit risky.""Can't hurt to have a poke around." Harry said, not looking up from his food. Gale gave a hesitant nod, they did need more information on what was happening.The group easily slipped out into the corridor, and scrambled to the scene of the attack. Turning the corner, it was very apparent nothing had changed, sure Mrs. Norris was gone, but the area still had that eerie feeling which lingered.They split up, each carefully running over the area. Harry lowered himself to his knees, Nova examined the nearby walls, Hermione and Ron went to the window. Gale stepped closer to the script on the wall.Gale reached out and ran a hand across the dark red letters, then pulled his hand back to look. The letters remained unchanged, and his hand was clean.Gale's eyes flickered across the writing, it had been written fairly low to the ground, and upon silent contemplation, Gale had to rule out anyone who was older than them, as many of the older students would have written it far higher.He hated having to consider that it was a first-year student who had written the message."Come and look at this!" said Hermione. "This is funny…"The five gathered around Hermione, moving to the window next to the red words. Hermione pointed at the top pane, where a line of spiders were fighting to get out through a small crack in the glass."Have you ever seen spiders act like that?" Hermione inquired.Gale leaned closer, "No, this is very new.""No," Harry echoed, then looked behind him, "have you, Ron? Ron?"Noca let out a soft snicker, and Gale followed her eyeline to a very pale Ron. His body was tense, fight or flight response starting to kick into gear."What's up?" said Harry."I - don't - like - spiders," said Ron tensely."I never knew that" said Hermione, looking at Ron in surprise. "You've used spiders in Potions loads of times…""I don't mind them dead," said Ron, who was carefully looking anywhere but at the window. "I just don't like the way they move…"Hermione giggled, which caused Nova to let out a loud laugh."It's not funny," said Ron, fiercely. "If you must know, when I was three, Fred turned my - my teddy bear into a great big fiIthy spider because I broke his toy broomstick ... You wouldn't like them either if you'd been holding your bear and suddenly it had too many legs and…" He shuddered.The girls exchanged gleeful looks, before they both broke out into laughter. It echoed in the hall, and Gale found himself smiling along, despite feeling sympathy for Ron. It was pretty amusing."Remember all that water on the floor? Where did that come from? Someone's mopped it up." Harry spoke, attempting to corral the group's amusement."It was about here," said Ron, happily moving away from the spiders, "Level with this door."His hand extended for the brass knob, but drew away before touching it."What's the matter?" asked Harry."Can't go in there," said Ron. "That's a girls' toilet.""Oh, Ron, there won't be anyone in there," said Hermione, as she moved over to him. "That's Moaning Myrtle's place. Come on, let's have a look."She reached out and opened the door, ignoring the large OUT of ORDER sign. Nova was quick to follow, with Harry matching her pace, leaving Gale and Ron outside.Gale awkwardly gestured, "After you."Ron sent him a glum look, but went in without a word.Gale slid int after them. It was a very unwelcoming bathroom. The mirrors that hang above the sinks were cracked and spotted, and the sinks themselves were chipped, weathered from a lack of care. The floor appeared green from mildew, but it wasn't slick, so no one was going to be slipping across the floor. The stalls were tilted slightly, and paint was flaking off of the surface, leaving the wood beneath exposed.Hermione put a finger to her lips, then set off to the end stall. She carefully opened the door, and said, "Hello, Myrtle, how are you?"Nova scampered up behind, with the boys following close behind. Moaning Myrtle was floating above the toilet tank, eyeing the boys with suspicion."This is a girls' bathroom. They're not girls.""No," Hermione nodded. "I just wanted to show them how er - nice it is in here." She waved behind her, towards the chipped sinks.Harry mouthed something to Hermione, and Gale shifted forwards, catching the tail end, '…she saw anything'"What are you whispering?" said Myrtle, Eyes locking onto Harry."Nothing," Harry quickly replied. "We wanted to ask -""I wish people would stop talking behind my back!" said Myrtle, barely holding in a sob. "I do have feelings, you know, even if I am dead -""Myrtle, no one wants to upset you. Harry only -" Hermione tried."No one wants to upset me! That's a good one!" howled Myrtle. "My life was nothing but misery at this place and now people come along ruining my death!""Myrtle, we just wanted to know if you saw anything strange after leaving the party Halloween night." Nova pushed, "a cat was attacked just outside you're door, and we though you might know something.""Did you see anyone near here that night?" asked Harry."I wasn't paying attention," said Myrtle, dramatically. "Peeves upset me so much I came in here and tried to kill myself Then, of course, I remembered that I'm - that I'm ""Already dead," offered Ron, skilllessly.Myrtle let out a grievous sob as she rose up, in one motion she flipped, diving headfirst into the toilet sending water to the floor with a splash, as she disappeared from view.Gale tilted his head to Hermione, silently asking if this was at all worth the time."Honestly, that was almost cheerful for Myrtle… Come on, let's go."Hermione led them out, Harry was the last one out. He had just closed the door when a loud voice made them all jump."RON!"Just down the hall was a familiar read-head, Percy Weasley. He had frozen at the top of the stairs, expression completely shocked."That's a girls' bathroom!" he gasped. "What were you -?""Just having a look around," Ron shrugged, nonchalantly. "Clues, you know -"The prefect's chest puffed up, and a stern look spread across his face."Get - away - from - there -" Perry said, striding toward them to usher them away, his arms flapping. "Don't you care what this looks like? Coming back here while everyone's at dinner -""Why shouldn't we be here?" demanded Ron, fiercely, stopping short to glare at Percy. "Listen, we never laid a finger on that cat!""That's what I told Ginny," said Percy fiercely, "but she still seems to think you're going to be expelled, I've never seen her so upset, crying her eyes out, you might think of her, all the first years are thoroughly overexcited by this business -""You don't care about Ginny," Ron snapped, his ears were growing very red. "You're just worried I'm going to mess up your chances of being Head Boy -""Five points from Gryffindor!" Percy said tersely, fingers running over his prefect badge. "And I hope it teaches you a lesson! No more detective work, or I'll write to Mum!"The he was practically stomping down the hall, features just as red as Ron's ears.They all exchanged looks, then with great trepidation split up."Let me know if I got this right. You want to brew some Polyjuice Potion in order to interview Draco Malfoy, because you believe him to be the heir of Slytherin." Gale's head dropped when the three nodded."I'm in." Nova piped up."I'm not." Gale snapped, "This is unlikely to be anyone who went to school last year, as it's happening this year.""Oh, come on, you can't know that for certain." Ron scoffed.Nova looked between Ron and Gale,"What's your reasoning?" She asked, eyes glittering.Gale bit his lip, then responded, "If it was someone from our year, why did they wait until now. Why not do this last year? And why did they write their message so low? I mean I'm barely four foot three, but if I wrote that message I would have to crouch uncomfortably.""Short people exist." Nova pointed out."Nova… you can't talk, you're taller than me."Harry chuckled, "She does raise a point though.""But" Gale raised a finger, "Draco is taller than me, by a fair margin.""That doesn't rule him out though." Hermione said."Well, no, but come on, he's a prat, but he wouldn't hurt anyone like that.""You have a lot of confidence in him." Harry commented.Gale shook his head, "Because I give everyone the benefit of the doubt… Draco is not his father."Nova vigorously nodded, "Just like I am not my mother."He sent the others a pointed look, "I will not be helping you faff about trying to incriminate Draco."Then he stood from his spot and left the hall, hoping that his departure made them all think a bit before they inevitably ran off to do exactly as they previously stated.Gale loathed to admit that he relied heavily on his connection to the three Gryffindors and one Hufflepuff. He spent a week being ignored by Nova and Ron, and even though she wasn't ignoring him, Hermione hadn't talked to him as much the weeks following their plan. Harry was the only one acting relatively normal, but even the boy-who-lived had no explanation for their friends' oddities.Harry slid into the seat across from Gale, rubbing his eyes wearily."You okay?" Gale rasped; voice heavy with exhaustion.Harry yawned, "Oliver has been wearing us down this year." A tired smile tugged at his lips, "I love Quidditch, but Oliver takes it to a new level.""Ha! All you sporty people are weird to us nerds." Gale pretended to adjust his non-existent glasses. Harry let out a soft chuckle."Is Nova still not talking to you?""Nope." Gale pursed his lips, "I don't know why she isn't though, I just gave you lot my opinion."Harry nodded, "and me and Hermione understand that. I guess Ron and Nova don't see it that way."Gale shrugged, cluelessly."I have no idea, I thought she agreed with my reasoning when I brought it up.""It's Nova." Harry stated, "She isn't very linear.""Pulling out the big words there, Potter." Gale teased, Slipping his homework away.Harry laughed, but he turned his attention to the unfinished essay in front of him."Are you coming to the game this Saturday?" He inquired, quill still above his parchment.Gale slumped, "I guess I will. It's you guys versus Slytherin, right?"Harry grinned, "Yeah.""Then I'll be there."Gale walked with Harry down to the pitch come that Saturday. He wished his friend luck, before navigating the chaos of the stands. Eventually, Gale found a spot without his other friends, eyes focused intently on the ground below.Considering last years game, he had a right to be nervous for Harry, Gale did not want him dead.The crowded stands grew loud as the teams walked out onto the pitch. Even from a distance the tension between the two Captain's was felt, both trying to intimidate the other.The whistle rang out, and the green and red players rose into the air. Gale focused on Harry, as he flew higher above the others. Only a few seconds later a Bludger went flying toward him.Gale's eyes snapped to where the ball had come from, but neither of the two Slytherin beaters were anywhere near there. Gale rose, his gaze settling back on Harry.Harry went streaking across the pitch, the Bludger mirroring his movements.What was going on? Gale was not fantastic with Quidditch rules, but he was certain that Bludgers were not supposed to concentrate on a single player.The Gryffindor beaters, the Weasley twins, kept close to Harry, trying desperately to keep the ball from hurting him. This went on for quite a few minutes, and the longer it went on the more anxious Gale got.The Gryffindor team called for a time out, but to Gale's astonishment, the game resumed, and Harry was left on his own with the stray Bludger.In attempts to avoid the ball, Harry went twirling through the air, leaving Gale to perch nervously on the edge of his seat. There was a brief moment where Harry paused, allowing the Bludger to slam into him. Harry's arm went slack before he aimed towards Draco.Harry reached out to grab something, before careening into the muddy earth below.Gale sprang from his spot and raced down the stand, dodging the chaotic student body. He bolted across the wet field and slid over to Harry.The raven-haired boy's arm was completely knackered, arm bent at just the wrong angle. Gale lowered next to him and began trying to make a basic splint for his friend. Gale barely noticed the sudden appearance of Gilderoy Lockhart, who pushed him aside.Harry let out a low moan, "Oh, no, not you.""Doesn't know what he's saying," said Lockhart loudly to the anxious crowd gathering around them. "Not to worry, Harry. I'm about to fix your arm.""No!" said Harry. "I'll keep it like this, thanks…"Gale pushed at the 'Professor', "Harry should be immediately taken to the hospital wing." He pressed."He should really, Professor," agreed a very muddy Oliver Wood, who was grinning despite Harry's injury. "Great capture, Harry, really spectacular, your best yet, Id say -""Stand back," Lockhart commanded, as he rolled up his jade-green sleeves."No." Gale groaned as Lockhart waved his wand over Harry's arm.It was an unpleasant sight. Harry's arm flashed a pale green, then seemed to turn into a jelly. It dropped under its own weight, moving unpleasantly with Lockhart's ministrations. If Gale had to guess, he would say that the arm had no bones."Ah," said Lockhart. "Yes. Well, that can sometimes happen. But the point is, the bones are no longer broken. That's the thing to bear in mind. So, Harry, just toddle up to the hospital wing - ah, Mr. Lupin, would you escort him? - and Madam Pomfrey will be able to - er - tidy you up a bit."Gale helped Harry up, glaring angrily at the fraud of a teacher they had been saddled with for Defense.Madame Pomfrey seemed to agree, both with Gale's assessment of the 'injury', and of Lockhart."You should have come straight to me!" she raged, examining what remained of Harry's arm. "I can mend bones in a second - but growing them back - ""You will be able to, won't you?" asked Harry, desperately."I'll be able to, certainly, but it will be painful," said Madam Pomfrey grimly, tossing Harry a pair of pajamas. "You'll have to stay the night…"Gale carefully helped Harry into his pajamas, stuffing the rubbery arm into a sleeve. Past the drawn curtain, they could hear Nova lambasting Lockhart, and Hermione's crush on him. Hermione had little defense, besides "it was a mistake'."It doesn't hurt anymore, does it, Harry?""No," Harry responded, getting into a bed. "But it doesn't do anything else either."Gale vanished around the curtain, to cautiously talk to Madam Pomfrey."How do you regrow bones?" He asked, quietly."Skele-Gro." She responded, grabbing a bottle with the same label, "It is a very painful process, and rather unpleasant. You should have taken him straight to me."Gale ducked his head, following her, "I tried, but Professor Lockhart didn't listen."Madam Pomfrey scoffed, then bustled around Harry. She carefully gave him some Skele-Gro, then whisked away, back to her office."We won, though," said Ron, a grin breaking across his face. "That was some catch you made. Malfoy's face ... he looked ready to kill…""I want to know how he fixed that Bludger," said Hermione, darkly."We can add that to the list of questions we'll ask him when we've taken the Polyjuice Potion," said Nova, as she settled into a chair next to Harry."I hope it tastes better than this stuff …" Harry muttered."If it's got bits of Slytherins in it? You've got to be joking," said Ron.Gale rolled his eyes, just as the hospital wing doors burst open. the rest of the Gryffindor team had arrived to see Harry still covered in wet mud."Unbelievable flying, Harry," said George. "I've just seen Marcus Flint yelling at Malfoy. Something about having the Snitch on top of his head and not noticing. Malfoy didn't seem too happy."The team were ladened with a variety of cakes, sweets, and bottles of pumpkin juice; they gathered around Harry's bed and were just about to start an impromptu party when Madam Pomfrey came storming over."This boy needs rest; he's got thirty-three bones to regrow! Out! OUT!" She ushered everyone out.Nova grinned to the others, "Party in Gryffindor tower?" She asked brightly.One of the Weasley twins smirked, "We're game, right."Gale shook his head, as the team agreed. He split off heading straight up to his room, where he flopped into the mattress. Alexa curled up against him, and Gale found himself dozing off to her loudly purring in his ear.Hello! Sorry for not uploading last Sunday, but it was Thanksgiving, and I have been preparing for the 13 days of Halloween, where I make 13 vaguely Halloween art pieces. There will be a piece for both Gale and Nova, so if you want to see those, head over to my Deviantart.I thank you all for the follows, but honestly Please review, this is a hobby, but I still want to learn more and I can't do that if I don't get any input.~~~~~ Wolf

Gale spent a good amount of the following days, sequestered inside the library. Book sat in piles, forming large walls around him as he navigated the pages, hoping for some sort of information on the possible culprit behind petrifying Mrs. Norris, and recently, Colin Creevey.He knew the others had locked onto Draco, even though there was little evidence against him. Gale understood that Draco wasn't always that nice, but he was not a Death Eater like his father, who claimed he wasn't.Placing his fiftieth book off to the side, Gale lifted his arms up, allowing his back top pop slightly. He was stiff, and tired. Slowly he replaced his many books upon their shelves before leaving the Library.The halls were quiet, with only a few students milling about. Gale gave those he passed a small smile, but stayed as isolated as he could. When he finally passed the entrance hall, He noticed a group near the notice board.Curious, he moved up to see what had captured their interest.There was new piece of parchment inviting students from all houses to join the new dueling club. Below that was the time, scheduled for that evening at eight o'clock.Sending a cursory look over the words, Gale nodded. He was not a proficient dueler; his talents lay more in Potions and Charms, so he was definitely going to at least the first meeting, if not all of them.Gale slipped into the Hall and sat down beside Hermione. She was alone at the table, with what appeared to be an essay spread out before her. Humming to himself, Gale pulled out his own essay and extended it out to her."Shall we proofread?"Hermione sent him a relieved grin, and took his parchment. The two sat their in comfortable silence, only occasionally breaking it to ask the other questions.They hastily tucked away their work when the others joined them for dinner.Gale left the group, heading up to the Ravenclaw tower to check up on Alexa, Then, he hurried back down to wait outside the Great Hall.He pulled out his journal on Lycanthropy and it's known aids, just to do something while he waited.When a large group of students passed him, Gale took that as a sign that it was time, so he slid his book away and stood. Dusting himself off, he took a few calming breaths, it was only the first day, so it couldn't go that bad.Entering the Hall felt like a new experience. The long house tables were no where to be seen, and a large golden stage had been set up along one wall. The large space felt cramped, as many students had come to see what the dueling club was all about.Gale glanced around, spotting Nova with the others. He beelined straight to them."Do you know who's going to be running this?" He asked, conversationally.Nova huffed, then turned to look at him."No." Was her curt response.With a deep sigh, Gale tugged her closer. He leaned in and muttered quietly to her."What did I do?"Nova bit her lip, "I'm being an idiot.""What?" Gale was confused, "How does that explain why you are acting so oddly?""Your too nice, Gale." She snapped, "I don't understand why you are so willing to defend Malfoy when he has done nothing but bully us."With a shake of his head, Gale responded, "He is just following what his father would do… like me.""Your dad would run from adventure?""Yeah, if he could." Gale glanced back to the others, "Are we fine?""Yeah."The two moved back to Harry, Ron and Hermione."Someone told me Flitwick was a dueling champion when he was young - maybe it'll be him." said Hermione, conversationally."As long as it's not -" Harry started, then cut himself off with a moan of despair.Everyone followed his eyeline to a confident Gilderoy Lockhart, donned in deep plum robes, with Snape accompanying him.Lockhart waved an arm, catching the chatting students' attention."Gather round, gather round! Can everyone see me? Can you all hear me? Excellent! Now, Professor Dumbledore has granted me permission to start this little dueling club, to train you all in case you ever need to defend yourselves as I myself have done on countless occasions - for full details, see my published works. "Let me introduce my assistant, Professor Snape," said Lockhart, flashing a wide smile."He tells me he knows a tiny little bit about dueling himself and has sportingly agreed to help me with a short demonstration before we begin. Now, I don't want any of you youngsters to worry - you'll still have your Potions master when I'm through with him, never fear!""Wouldn't it be good if they finished each other off?" Ron muttered below his breath.Snape was looking peeved as always, in fact it was astonishing that Lockhart was still up there. If Snape had sent that look at any of his student's they would have fled.The two Teachers turned to face each other, then gave a bow. Well, Lockhart gave a flourishing dip, whereas Snape jerked his head in a facsimile of a bow."As you see, we are holding our wands in the accepted combative position," Lockhart told the silent crowd. "On the count of three, we will cast our first spells. Neither of us will be aiming to kill, of course.""I wouldn't bet on that," Harry murmured, causing Nova to giggle."One - two - three -"Each swung their wands above their heads, before pointing them at their opponent.Snape let out a cry of, "Expelliarmus!"There was a blinding flash of scarlet light, and Lockhart was sent into the wall. He slid to the floor, and a large amount of the Slytherins cheered.Hermione anxiously peered over the surrounding students, "Do you think he's all right?""Who cares?" said Harry and Ron in unison.Lockhart got unsteadily to his feet. Slowly he straightened his robes, ignoring the mess of his wavy hair."Well, there you have it!" he said, tottering back onto the platform. "That was a Disarming Charm - as you see, I've lost my wand - ah, thank you, Miss Brown - yes, an excellent idea to show them that, Professor Snape, but if you don't mind my saying so, it was very obvious what you were about to do. If I had wanted to stop you it would have been only too easy - however, I felt it would be instructive to let them see . . ."Every word that came out of Lockhart's mouth caused Snape to look more and more murderous, and Lockhart must have noticed, because he quickly changed topics."Enough demonstrating! I'm going to come amongst you now and put you all into pairs. Professor Snape if you'd like to help me -"The two slowly moved through the crowd and partnered everyone up. Harry was forced to fight Draco, and Ron was partnered with Finnigan.Snape turned to look at Gale and Nova, "Lupin, you will be with Mr. Goyle…"Gale felt himself shrink, as he looked to the larger boy. He knew Crabbe and Goyle were not the best magic users, not many second years were, but they were large and willing to use their size against others."Wands at the ready!" shouted Lockhart. "When I count to three, cast your charms to disarm your opponents - only to disarm them - we don't want any accidents - one ... two ... three -"Gale was quick, muttering, "Expelliarmus."His spell sent the larger boy to the floor, less because of its power, but because of it's disorienting nature. Hesitantly, Gale took a few steps forward and offered Goyle a hand."Stop! Stop!"Gale jerked, Hand snapping back. He raised his head to look towards Lockhart.That was the wrong thing to do, as Goyle charged him, sending them to the floor. His head blossomed with pain, as his head collided with the floor of the Hall. Gale let out a startled yelp, that quickly became a moan of pain.He struggled desperately against the Slytherin, but was unable to escape.Suddenly, Goyle went flying across the room. Gale curled up, looking overt to see who had cast the spell. Nova was there, her wand outstretched with an angry glare directed at the offending Slytherin.She took in a shaky inhale, then offered Gale a hand. With ease he was lifted to his feet beside her, but he stumbled into her, as his head ached. It wasn't to bad, but he would like to at least check in with Madam Pomfrey later.Lockhart wandered out amongst the sea of chaos, helping up a few of the students."I think Id better teach you how to block unfriendly spells," said Lockhart, looking quite flustered. He sent a glance to Snape, "Let's have a volunteer pair - Longbottom and Finch-Fletchley, how about you -""A bad idea, Professor Lockhart," said Snape, gliding over to stand by Lockhart. "Longbottom causes devastation with the simplest spells. We'll be sending what's left of Finch-Fletchley up to the hospital wing in a matchbox." Snape's eyes swept over the hall, until they landed on Harry. "How about Malfoy and Potter?""Excellent idea!" Lockhart exclaimed, gesturing for the two to get on stage.Harry sent Gale and Nova pleading looks, but followed the blonde Slytherin onto the stage. Lockhart got close to Harry and gave him some instructions, dropping his wand in the process."I hate him." Nova commented. Gale nodded; eyes focused entirely on Harry.Lockhart walked away, standing on the edge of the stage, then shouted, "Three - two - one - go!"Draco was the first to raise his wand shouting out, "Serpensortia!"From the end of his wand sprang a long black serpent. It fell to the floor, heavily, and raised itself as if to strike. The nearby onlookers screamed, backpedaling as fast as they could."Don't move, Potter," Snape stated, rising with a small smirk, "I'll get rid of it...""Allow me!" shouted Lockhart.Without pausing to think, Lockhart brandished his wand at the snake, causing a loud bang to erupt. Instead of vanishing, the snake was lifted about ten feet into the air then it fell back to the floor. Enraged the snake hissed, and slithered straight for the nearest student.Harry moved forward, and loud unfamiliar hiss escaped his mouth. His hissing caused the snake to turn and regard him, no longer angered.Harry looked to the student the snake had poised to attack."What do you think you're playing at?"Gale's mouth went dry, and he glanced at his friends. They all looked surprised at Harry's new talent.Nova bolted over to get him, while the other three went straight to the Gryffindor common room. They only had to wait a few minutes for Nova to enter, dragging along a very confused Harry. Gale patiently waited for Harry to sit down, before he jumped right in,"You're a Parselmouth.""I'm a what?" said Harry."A Parselmouth!" Ron repeated. "You can talk to snakes!"Harry shifted, "I know, I mean, that's only the second time I've ever done it. I accidentally set a boa constrictor on my cousin Dudley at the zoo once - long story - but it was telling me it had never seen Brazil and I sort of set it free without meaning to that was before I knew I was a wizard -""A boa constrictor told you it had never seen Brazil?" Ron repeated faintly."So?" said Harry. "I bet loads of people here can do it." "Oh, no they can't," said Ron. "It's not a very common gift. Harry, this is bad.""What's bad?" said Harry, starting to feel quite angry. "What's wrong with everyone? Listen, if I hadn't told that snake not to attack Justin -""Oh, that's what you said to it?""What d'you mean? You were there - you heard me -""I heard you speaking Parseltongue," said Ron. "Snake language. You could have been saying anything - no wonder Justin panicked, you sounded like you were egging the snake on or something - it was creepy, you know -"Harry gaped at him, "I spoke a different language? But - I didn't realize - how can I speak a language without knowing I can speak it?"Ron shook his head. Nova was pensively staring at the burning fire, while Ron and Hermione looked terrified."D'you want to tell me what's wrong with stopping a massive snake biting off Justin's head?" Harry demanded. "What does it matter how I did it as long as Justin doesn't have to join the Headless Hunt?""It matters, because being able to talk to snakes was what Salazar Slytherin was famous for. Nova murmured, finally looking at Harry. "That's why the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent.""Exactly," said Ron. "And now the whole school's going to think you're his great-great-great-great-grandson or something -""But I'm not," Harry squeaked."You'll find that hard to prove," said Hermione. "He lived about a thousand years ago; for all we know, you could be."Gale finally spoke up, "Except I'm pretty sure that the Potter line can be traced back to Godric Gryffindor." He looked to Hermione, "Heroes of the Magical World, Volume II.""Either way, people are still going to talk." Nova said, standing. "Gale, shall we head off to bed?"Gale hesitantly nodded, but he sent Harry a comforting look as he stood."Even if you were related to Salazar, blood does not determine your worth, you do." With a decisive nod, Gale linked arms with Nova and left.As they began towards the Ravenclaw tower, his head let out a sharp pain. He winced and brought up a hand to lightly pet at the sore spot."Can we go to the Hospital wing instead?"Nova's eyes went wide, then they darkened. She gave him a sharp nod but stayed quiet.Only a day later, in the midst of Transfiguration, was there more alarms raised."ATTACK! ATTACK! ANOTHER ATTACK! NO MORTAL OR GHOST IS SAFE! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES! ATTAAAACK!"The class stumbled to their feet, and Gale found himself shoved to the side.He ended up stuck in the back and could barely see past the chaos in the hall. Harry was standing, eye wide just before the unmoving form of a Hufflepuff boy, and only feet away was the floating form of Nearly Headless Nick. Both had expressions of fear painted across their faces."Caught in the act!" Shouted a nearby Hufflepuff, pointing directly at Harry.Nova shoved past him, to observe the scene."That will do, Macmillan!" said Professor McGonagall sharply. She moved forward to check out the student on the ground. While they were examining them, Peeves broke into song:"Oh, Potter, you rotter, oh, what have you done,You're killing off' students, you think it's good fun -""That's enough Peeves!" barked Professor McGonagall, Peeves zoomed away, with a farewell raspberry to Harry.Professor Flitwick and Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department moved the Hufflepuff student, while the other puzzled out what to do with the stiff ghost. In the end, Professor McGonagall conjured a large fan, which she gave to the accusing Hufflepuff with instructions to fan Nearly Headless Nick up the stairs. Most of the students followed those two groups, but Nova, Gale and Harry were left standing with Professor McGonagall."Mr. Lupin, Miss Lestrange head back to class." She turned to Harry, "This way, Potter," she said."Professor, I swear I didn't -" Harry tried."This is out of my hands, Potter," said Professor McGonagall curtly.Nova opened her mouth as if to argue, but Gale jabbed her with his elbow."Don't." He hissed, quietly.She growled, irritably, but stayed quiet as Harry and the Professor left them. Gale carefully linked arms with her, then pulled her into an unused classroom."We need to figure out who is doing this." Gale stated.Nova rolled her eyes, "And we have. It's obviously Malfoy.""Draco should be in Defense right now.""So." Nova snapped, "We have no idea how this Slytherin horror works, for all we know he just gives it a weekly itinerary."Gale paused; Salazar Slytherin could talk to snakes. He froze as an epiphany struck him."Nova, I'll be in the Library, I think I have figured it out."He didn't let her respond, as he bolted out the door and down the hall. He raced past some Slytherins, only to be sent sprawling across the floor.Gale simply glared, as he pushed himself back up, and walking the rest of the way to the library.He easily navigated the shelves, looking for the book on snakes. Flipping through the pages he engulfed himself into the notes on magical serpents. He went through quite a few pages before he found the one he thought it had to be.A Basilisk. Sure, a direct look from one of the great beasts could kill someone, but the others had only seen it though something. Mrs. Norris saw it through the water Moaning Myrtle had left. The Gryffindor boy had seen it through his camera, and the Hufflepuff had seen it through a ghost.It even explained the spiders that Hermione had seen.Gale let out a noise of triumph, only to be shushed by Madam Pince. He ducked his head and muttered a soft apology, then slipped his books back where they belonged.He had to glance out the window to try and figure out the time. He nodded when he took in the evening light, and glanced down to check to make sure his books then sent a brief look back to the window.Then Gale noticed something reflecting in the glass that made chills run down his spine. There were large golden eyes peering at him through the glass, and the dark form of a serpent.Everything seemed to freeze, and for a brief moment he could feel himself falling, before everything went dark.

Ginny sat down at the kitchen table and reached for her now-cold cup of tea from breakfast. She sniffed it, it must have been sitting out for hours, but the milk didn't smell sour just yet. She took a tentative sip. It was horrid. She rested her head on her other hand and took another gulp of the tea. She couldn't find her wand to warm it up. Ginny looked down at her elbow, she had placed it directly on top of some remnants of porridge. Wonderful.Ginny scraped off the sticky mess with her fingers and looked around for something to clean her hands with. Merlin's beard, she hated Honey's day off. "Of course, I can handle the boys on my own, Harry. They're my own children, Harry," she mocked herself aloud. She settled for the edge of the table and grimaced as the porridge sunk into the delicate grooving around trim of the table. "They're 5 and nearly 2, not hardened criminals, Harry. It's the mid-season break, Harry. What else am I going to do, Harry?" Ginny finished her tea in two gulps.It was a week into the Quidditch Spring break, and Ginny was already more tired than she'd ever been in her entire life. It felt like every day was a marathon. She was exhausted before 11 every morning and the boys didn't even nap until 1:30. That is, if she could get Jamie to nap at all.Jamie's muggle primary school was off for two weeks for teacher development, so that meant Ginny had both boys all day, every day. She was so tired; she wanted to cry and scream at the same time. Jamie was becoming increasingly hard to entertain. To make matters worse, efforts to wean Al had disastrously backfired. With Jamie, everything had been so easy. Ginny just asked him one day if he was ready to stop nursing and he agreed. Albus, on the other hand, had only become more dependent on Ginny and easily upset if she wasn't available to comfort him at all times.Finally, Ginny heard the floo whoosh from the sitting room. "DADDY'S HOME!" screamed Jamie from the first-floor landing. Jamie rocketed down the stairs at breakneck speeds and tunneled straight for the fireplace."There's my boy!" exclaimed Harry. He knelt down with open arms to catch Jamie's full speed hug. He lifted him into the air for a great hug and bounced him on his hip. Al tottled up to Harry as well and he managed to get both kids in his arms and precariously walked them to the sofa where he dropped them with a playful roar, as was their usual evening routine.Jamie got tickles under the armpits and raspberries blown on his cheeks. His shrieks of joy pierced Ginny's ears painfully. She rubbed her temples and leaned on the wall just outside the sitting room and watched. Harry lifted Al by the ankles and blew raspberries of his tummy."Daddy! No!" he said seriously. "Down!" he demanded. Harry gently lowered Al so he was again flat on his back.Harry tickled Al's bellybutton and asked "Oooh, is it grumpy?" in his best (possibly his worst) accent. It wasn't from any particular region or country; it was simply ridiculous. The boys adored it."No!" Al shouted, pushing Harry's hand away and kicking a single heel into the sofa."Oooh," gasped Harry incredulously, "Did it miss it's nap today?" he asked seriously. "Mr. Potter, you do remember what happens when one doesn't take his naps, do you not? One becomes too grumpy to play with their father when he gets home from work." Harry raised his eyebrow."No!" protested Al."I promise, I speak only the truth, sir," retorted Harry. "But I do hope Mr. Potter isn't too grumpy to play with…" Harry reached behind his back and into his work bag dramatically. "This!" he cried. Harry triumphantly held up a football and displayed it to Al and Jamie."That's a muggle Quaffle!" Jamie announced, "I've seen them at school!""It's called a football, and if you're going to primary school in England, you'd better know how to play, love," said Harry. "Your teacher told us you said you'd never seen one before.""I haven't! Why is it black and white?" asked Jamie, tracing the seams of the hexagons."No idea, but I'm going to teach you how to play after dinner," Harry told him. He patted Jamie on the bum to get him moving. "Come on, think you can help Al set the table?"Jamie nodded enthusiastically. He said, "Come on, Al! I'll show you how to do the forks!" and took off running to the dining room."Ought to keep them busy to 10 minutes," said Harry. "Hi love, how are you?" asked Harry. Ginny didn't answer but begrudgingly allowed Harry to kiss her on the corner of the mouth. She flexed her jaw in frustration."I don't have anything in the oven, so I don't know what you're expecting to eat," replied Ginny."Oh. That's okay, Gin. I'll whip up something fast. What do you feel like? Pasta? Shepard's Pie? Oh, that mustard chicken thing you made last week. That was brilliant.""I don't care," sighed Ginny. She looked around the sitting room for her wand. Pulling her hands through her hair, she realized one of the boys, Al, must have taken and hidden it somewhere."What did you lose?" asked Harry, helping her pull apart and replace the sofa."I didn't lose anything, Harry! Al's hid my wand somewhere," she said with tired patience. Ginny took a steadying breath; it wasn't Harry's fault his children were feral. Or that she was so tired. Or that the boys didn't listen to her."Okay, I'll put spaghetti on the stove and help you look," said Harry. Ginny ground her teeth again and threw the decorative pillows from the armchair on the floor as she groped around the creases of the cushion. Not there either. But she did find several orange slices that were at least four days old.Of course, Harry was being perfectly pleasant when she was in a terrible mood. He was downright cheery. She was half convinced he did this on purpose – be extra nice to her when she was irritable – just to make himself look like the bigger person. The better spouse; the better parent. Here she was, barely able to handle one week staying home with two kids and Harry just came home from work every day, spends two hours with the boys, and that's somehow the same? Sure, he said he was able to handle them on his own when Ginny went touring for away games. Maybe that was all fabricated too. Just so she felt extra terrible when she couldn't do the same. There's no way Harry was able to handle both of them so smoothly on his own. Ginny hadn't been able to make it through a single day this week without locking herself in the bathroom and crying."Love!" called Harry from the kitchen."Yes, dear?" she quipped. It's not his fault. He just got here."Is this your breakfast?" Harry held up a plate of peanut butter toast with a single bite taken out. "Have you not eaten yet today?" he asked astonished."Between the nappy changes, James climbing the curtains – which is a thing now, by the way, tantrums over nursing, and not one, but TWO fist fights, I just haven't had the chance," Ginny retorted. "Love," she added. Her wand wasn't in the kitchen either. Damn it!Harry raised his eyebrows but didn't say anything. He returned he uneaten toast to the table and tended to the browning beef on the stove. "Okay," he turned on his heel and pointed up the stairs. "Come on," he said gently. "Forget your wand. Before the meat starts to burn."Confused, Ginny followed him up two flights of stairs to their bedroom. Harry handed her a banana and cast a muffling charm over the door. Instantly, the racket Jamie was making over glasses and plates vanished. The tension behind Ginny's eyes lessened a bit, but that only brought her attention to the fact that she did, indeed have a headache.Harry pointed his wand at the tub, which began to fill with steaming, vanilla scented water. "Eat this," he instructed. "I'll bring proper food once it's finished. Take a bath or a nap, maybe read a book or whatever. I'll get the kids fed and ready for bed. Just take a few hours off before they drive you mad. I can tell you're at your wit's end.""Al's going to want to nurse before bed," sighed Ginny. She shoved half the banana in her mouth and was surprised at how hungry she was. "And," she said through a full mouth, "Jamie needs to work on his spelling and reading still.""I'll bring Al in here if he asks. But I still think you need to sit down, at least," said Harry. Ginny nodded and peeled off her dirty clothes and sank into the bath. Harry kissed her temple and ran back to dinner, which was definitely starting to burn.By the time Ginny was ready to get out of the tub, Harry reappeared with a plate of spaghetti and a glass of ice water. "Heathens!" he hissed. Harry closed the door behind him and handed Ginny her dinner. "Since when did they start hating each other? I've been home not 20 minutes and they're already both in time out." Harry put his hand on the doorknob again. Al was too little for time out – but she didn't have the energy to argue that right now."About a minute after you left for work," replied Ginny. She sat on the edge of the bed, dressed in only her dressing gown and took a large mouthful of the warm pasta. It wasn't Harry's best work, but she was too hungry to taste much of anything. "They've been naughty all day. It's like they could sense that my patience was running out and turned into…""Heathens?" supplied Harry. Ginny nodded in agreement. "Let's drop them off at your mum's tomorrow and have a lie in," said Harry."I wish," mumbled Ginny."Well at least I'll be home all day tomorrow. We can take them in shifts," said Harry and he left once again.It didn't take long for Ginny to get bored. She was too tired to read or write, and too worked up to sleep. She did, however, find her wand in her handbag. She must have not removed it from last night and forgot with the chaos of the day. Ginny absently flipped through and old copy of Quidditch Quarterly. She stopped short at a photograph of England's 2008 national team. She watched herself give the camera an effortless glance and a cocky sneer.That picture took seven attempts to get right. Ginny was quite the media sensation that year. It was the height of her career. She made the national team after leading the Harpies to their first Championship title in over a decade the previous season. She was the first woman on the national team to also keep her spot in the league – which would have been a big enough deal on its own, but she was also heavily pregnant with Al by the time the World Cup rolled around.England tried to replace her and sue her for breach of contract just two weeks before qualifiers for being too pregnant to compete. However, Ginny was able to not only win her court case but managed to keep her spot after demanding another blind try out. She was undeniably one of the best chasers in all of England and managed to place third in the tournament, losing to Italy but crushing Bulgaria in the semi-finals.How was that only two years ago? It seemed like only yesterday she could be 8 months pregnant and stomping up and down dozens of flights of stairs and barely get winded. Now, she could hardly keep up with two kids. Ginny tossed the magazine across the room towards the bin and massaged her temples. And Harry wanted more. She didn't know if she could do it. Maybe her boys were enough. Some days they even felt like too much.Ginny heard the Harry laughing from the back garden. She sat in the built-in reading nook under the windowsill and opened it even wider."Kick it! Kick the ball, Jamie," encouraged Harry. Jamie tried to pick it up with his hands and throw it at the goal, "No, no with your feet! Watch Al!" Harry lifted a small orange bundle of fluffy outerwear by the arm pits and held him over the football.Al tried to kick the ball, but his boots and snow pants must have been too heavy, because Harry had to end up using him like a makeshift croquet mallet. Ginny snorted to herself."Me next! Me next!" cried Jamie. Ginny smugly waited for Harry to hurt his back from using the kids as life sized foosball pieces. After Jamie's second go round, Harry placed his hand on the small of his back and grimaced. Ginny rolled her eyes from her cozy perch - Harry was nearly 30 but refused to accept his aging body. She quickly grabbed her own coat and headed for the back door.Harry was surprised to see Ginny jogging to the centre of the garden. His cheeks and the tip of his nose were turning pink in the early Spring chill. He smiled brightly and kicked the football in Ginny's direction. She clumsily fumbled and caught it between her feet – she'd never played muggle football either. She returned Harry's pass and was alarmed when the ball rose in the air and flew past Al – only a few inches from his face – with much more force than she'd intended."ermph," grunted Harry as he lunged for the ball to prevent it from smashing into the back fence. "Try with the inside of your foot, higher on the ball," instructed Harry. He demonstrated with a soft, slow pass to Jamie. "Jamie, pass to Mum. No – with your feet, you nut!" Jamie kicked the ball and it curved several feet to Ginny's left. "Good job! You're getting it!" called Harry excitedly.Ginny tried again, kicking the way Harry had and it landed right at Harry's feet – again with more force than she intended but at least she didn't nearly decapitate one of her kids. Harry was trying to get Al's attention, but he was preoccupied with a stick and a bit of mud he found poking through the slush. Ginny sighed, he was going to be terribly upset when he got cold mud on his hands or face.The Potters played in the garden until Harry and Ginny turned their backs to Al for a moment and he lost one of his mittens and his fingers were starting to turn cold and pale. However, it was inconsequential, as the sun was starting to set anyway."Come on! It's Daddy's turn for baths tonight!" said Harry. He lifted Jamie to the top of his shoulders and Ginny took Al's hand. Harry ducked low entering the house so as to not hit Jamie's head on the doorframe. Al fussed and protested his whole way into the tub and Jamie managed to avoid the tub until Ginny all but picked him up and threw him into the toilet. "I got it, have a glass of wine or something," said Harry.Ginny didn't need to be told twice. She grabbed a bottle of her favourite red and sat down on the cleanest part of the cleanest sofa in the sitting room. She lifted her wand to tidy some of the mess surrounding her, but it felt too heavy in her hand and she wasn't sure she had the energy to put away even one toy. Ginny instead popped the cork and poured some wine into a sippy cup that she was pretty sure only had water in it before.Ginny took a sip of the wine and immediately spat it back into the cup. "Ugh!" she gasped and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. She summoned a clean wine glass from the kitchen and poured a small amount of wine into it and took a cautious sniff. It smelled just fine. Ginny inspected the bottle. It was the same kind they always bought. She tried again in the clean glass. It tasted like vinegar that had been left to fester and made her stomach heave and her whole body queasy.Beyond frustrated with her day, she felt tears well up behind her eyes for the second time today, which only frustrated her further. It seemed irrational – really, even though the boys were horrible today, they really weren't that much more energetic than normal. If Jamie wasn't climbing the curtains or fighting with Al for attention, he was finding some other way to get into trouble. And Al has always been a needy baby. She glanced at the wine bottle and another wave a nausea rose up from her stomach and, for just a moment, Ginny worried she would be sick right on the couch.Slowly. Cautiously. Ginny picked up the glass of wine again and headed to the toilet where Harry was bathing the boys. She opened the door to see Harry had rolled up his trousers and was sitting on the edge of the tub washing Al's hair while he played with one of his cousin's baby dolls."Try this," demanded Ginny. She thrust the glass of wine in Harry's face. He balked and reached with a sudded hand."It tastes fine to me… What did you do to it?" asked Harry. He tried to pass it back to Ginny, but she didn't reach for it. Harry, confused, placed the glass tentatively on the side of the tub – Al instantly reached for it and pulled it into the tub. Harry pursed his lips and Al shrieked in laughter while Harry tried to fish the fragile glass from the bubbly water."Nothing. I'm going to the shop. I'll be back in a bit," said Ginny and she turned on her heel and went to grab her handbag."Shops are all closed! It's almost 8!" Harry called after her. She looked at her watch – he was right. Ginny turned on her heel again and raced down the stairs to the fireplace, leaving her handbag where it was."Back soon!""Where are you going?!"Ginny landed on her feet, having done this floo trip a million times before. She stepped into the sitting room on the Burrow. The room was dark, and she didn't hear any noise coming from the kitchen."MUM?!" shouted Ginny. "Mum! I need you!" she called into the darkness. With a graceful arc of her wand, the sitting room was illuminated by dim orange light. She heard shuffling from the first-floor landing."Ginny? Is that you?" her mother's familiar voice called down the stairs."How many other daughters do you have?" snapped Ginny. Molly's head poked around the corner of the staircase. She had just finished knotting her threadbare dressing gown."Calm down, what's the matter?" Molly placed a gentle hand on Ginny's back and led her into the kitchen. Ginny sat down in her regular place at the table and Molly jabbed her wand at the kettle."Ginny?" she heard Dad call from the landing. "Is that you?""Not you Dad!" she called back."Ginny –" chastised Molly."Alrighty, then! You girls have fun!" Arthur called back cheerily. Ginny watched as he hastily retreated back to the master bedroom."I don't want tea," said Ginny calmly. She took a breath, "I need Magdalena's Mixture – I don't have any at home." Molly raised her eyebrows and asked,"You're pregnant?"Ginny sighed through her nose, "I don't know, Mum. That's why I need the Mixture!" she snapped."Well now, don't go getting snippy with me just because you've gone and got yourself in a pinch," said Molly. "I think I have some – ""I didn't get here by myself, Mum!" Ginny nearly shouted. Molly pointed vaguely to the staircase."upstairs under the bathroom sink."Ginny returned almost as quickly as she vanished, holding an old vial of clear liquid in her palm. The label was yellowed and faded. The glass had started to cloud from its years in the humid bathroom. Molly has already set up a small black cauldron in the fireplace. She held up a glass stirring rod when she heard Ginny thumping down the stairs. Ginny snatched it from her hand without looking at Molly and strode angrily into the sitting room. Molly sat and sipped her tea while she waited.With trembling hands and her mind racing, Ginny poured the Mixture into the cauldron. It took several flicks of her wand to light the fire in the hearth. She yanked out several strands of her own hair from the root and toss them into the cauldron. She stirred with the glass stirring rod, counting under her breath. Another wipe of her wand to kill the flames, a couple more taps to cool the now milky white Mixture to room temperature.A silent hand reach from behind her shoulder. Out of the corner of her eye she could see her mother smugly handing her a drinking glass. Ginny filled the glass with a generous amount of the Mixture. The perfumey smell of oranges made her gag when she thought of the old orange slices that she'd found in the armchair earlier. Molly smirked. Ginny glared as if daring her to say something."I thought you were still nursing?" asked Molly.Ginny didn't answer, she took in a mouthful of Magdalena's Mixture and her eyes fluttered closed. "Well?" she heard Molly ask. Ginny took in another mouthful. It tasted overwhelmingly of rosehip, jasmine, peach, and cherry. The sheer sweetness of the Mixture made Ginny's mouth prickle and salivate."I'm going to kill him," she announced. Ginny pulled the cauldron from the fireplace with one hand and cradled the glass by the top in the other. She yanked on the old cauldron hook, but it refused to budge from the fireplace."Ginny be sensible. This is a good thing!" cheered Molly."No, Mum it isn't!" Ginny had to set the glass down and yanked on the hook apparatus with both hands. It still was unyielding. "I can barely handle the two that I do have. I'm too tired; too busy for another one!" Ginny felt heat rise in her throat and her eyes start to burn. The ash she was kicking up wasn't helping her keep her tears in check either. "Some of us aren't built for seven kids," she chocked out. Angrily, she wiped tears from her cheeks. Ginny had never felt so betrayed by her own body, or so out of control over what was happening to her."Ginny…" Molly tried to soothe."I told him I wasn't ready yet. He did this on purpose!" she cried. Ginny stepped on the hinges of the hook with the back of her heel. In her haste to leave the house, she didn't even put on shoes."Ginevra!" said Molly sharply. Ginny, startled, snapped her attention from the infuriating hook in the fireplace. "You and I both know that is not true. And to accuse Harry of such a thing is barbaric and unfair." Molly place her hands on her hips, "sit down, have a cup of tea with me and calm down.""I don't want tea!" cried Ginny as threw her hands up. She sighed, "I don't want tea. I just – I just want my husband," she said determinedly. Molly nodded and waved her wand at the hook which neatly folded itself up and placed itself in the cauldron. Ginny picked up her glass and placed her palm firmly over the top to prevent any of it from spilling on her journey home."It's been a bit sticky these last few years," said Molly gently. She kissed Ginny on the cheek. "Everything is going to be just fine. You'll see," promised Molly.Ginny's sitting room was not how she left it. Confused, she looked around and checked her watch. Honey wasn't due back until late this evening - yet the place was spotless. All the toys and books were out of sight, the small handprints had been removed from the glass on the French doors that lead to the back garden. The mysterious stain on the couch was even gone.The kitchen was more of the same, bits of macaroni were being swept up by the old straw broom and the dishes were doing themselves over the sink. She'd only been gone 20 minutes, surely Harry hadn't had the time to do all of this."Harry?" she called up the stairs. She saw his smiling face pop out of Al's room. He placed a finger to his lips to quiet her and waved Ginny to him. When she reached the top of the stairs, she saw Harry standing against the doorframe looking into the dark room.Ginny couldn't help but smile at the sight. Jamie was flat on his back in Al's bed, mouth agape, right arm hanging off the bed. Al was curled up beside him using Jamie's belly as a pillow and wearing a children's book at a hat. They were both dead asleep. Ginny leaned against Harry's chest and he curled his arms around her and gently whispered in her ear, "I had Jamie start reading a bed-time story while I set the kitchen straight. I came back 10 minutes later to this."Ginny turned and frantically patted Harry's chest with the back of her hand. She was still coving the Mixture with both hands. "Camera," she whispered. Harry grinned and held up his hand."Got it," he winked. "Where did you go – What is this?" he pointed at the glass Ginny was still holding. Ginny gestured down the hall and Harry followed her march to their bedroom."Sit." she demanded.That's not what I think it is, is it?" asked Harry cautiously. He sat tentatively at the edge of the bed. Ginny uncovered the top of the glass with her hand and the pungent smell of oranges filled the room. Ginny gagged again, this time feeling bile rise in her throat. "NO!" breathed Harry, eyes wide in both shock and fear."Drink it.""Noooo… No, you're joking," Harry rose to his feet abruptly. "You must be joking," he insisted. Ginny thrust the glass into his hand, crossed her arms, and leaned back on one foot."Drink that and tell me if it's funny.""What, did you also poison it?" laughed Harry uncomfortably. Ginny stared at him, unblinking. The uneasy smile faded from Harry's lips and he cautiously took in the smallest amount of Mixture he could."You... Are. Pregnant!" stammered Harry. Ginny watched him breathe out a steady breath from his mouth. Ginny nodded. "Is that peach?!" asked Harry, his voice rising an octave. He took another, larger sip. "Ahhh, and cherry. Good. Two - Two fruits!" he announced. "You are very pregnant," said Harry, enunciating his words.Ginny covered her eyes with her hand and her shoulders started to shake with silent sobs. "No, no, Love! Don't cry," soothed Harry. "Listen. I'm happy, I am. I'm just shocked, that's all," said Harry. He sat down on the bed, gently taking Ginny's hands in his own and looked into her eyes. "Just with how long the last one took – I just… I… didn't expect… You've not been sick, or… I am happy.""I'm not!" cried Ginny, "I can't do it. There's too many of them and they're awful!""I'll quit my job," said Harry. Ginny sat beside Harry and he turned his body to face her. "I'll take parental leave and the four of us could follow you around for away games.""Two kids under three! Oh, Merlin!" Ginny ran her hair through her fingers. "You can't quit, you're head of the department.""We'll sell Grimauld place and hire an army of nannies," promised Harry. His face was starting to brighten. "One for each kid, and one for us. I think it's our turn to have someone bring us snacks and wipe our arses." Ginny laughed, "I'm serious," Harry told her, "We can make this work. I – I – I don't know how," he stammered, "but we can make it work. I'm sure of it.""I've been so tired," sniffed Ginny.Harry kissed her knuckles, "I did notice that, at least," he laughed. "How are you –" Harry took another taste of the Mixture, just to be sure. Harry placed a hand on Ginny's abdomen. "How are you this pregnant? What is peach and cherry? Like 5… 5 months?!""I think well into the second quarter… 16… 17 weeks?" guess Ginny. Harry did the maths in his head."Four months? No! That can't be right. Give me your belly!" laughed Harry. Ginny laughed with him and leaned back on one hand, raising her shirt. Harry rubbed her belly curiously, moving his head from one side of her to the other. "Where are you hiding him? Are you sure that's right?" he asked.Ginny's eyebrows raised, "Shit. Mum's Mixture was ancient. Does it go bad?" Ginny frowned and looked down at her stomach. After Al, she still wasn't able to get it to go flat. No matter how hard she worked out, she always curved slightly starting all the way from the bottom of her sternum. This immensely bothered Ginny. She was a professional athlete with abs, for Godric's sake! Visible abs, and she still didn't have a flat tummy! Harry insisted he liked it, to her annoyance. But he was right, her belly was no different now than it was three months ago. Ginny laid back on the bed, knees hanging off the edge. She rubbed her abdomen with both hands – if anything, it was only a bit harder.Harry grimaced, "I don't know. I hope not, I'm already excited, maybe the dates are just off a bit, though," suggested Harry. "Maybe it's twins!" he gasped."No." demanded Ginny."Fine," sighed Harry."You promise you're excited?" asked Ginny. She scooted up to her pillows."I want as many kids as you're willing to give me, Gin," said Harry earnestly, lying on his side next to her. His free hand still on her belly. "Admittedly, it's cutting it a little close if we both want to keep our jobs – but frankly, I like my kids better than I like work.""Seriously, though!" insisted Harry, "Where are you hiding him?! You're too ripped - he can't get out! He's stuck, Gin!" cried Harry with false alarm. Harry nudged his way down to Ginny's belly "Hello?!" he called into her bellybutton and pressed an ear to her abdomen. "Hello, Baby Potter? Don't panic! I'll have your Mum stop doing sit ups! Remain calm!"Ginny was laughing so hard it became difficult to breathe. She grabbed a pillow from behind her head and threw it at Harry. "Stop it, you absolute nutter!"Harry army crawled back to his place by Ginny's head. "What? You like when I talk to the baby," teased Harry.Ginny grabbed his face between her palms and squeezed slightly and said sincerely, "You know, you are the only person in the world who can take me from a near nervous breakdown to laughing in a matter of minutes."Harry kissed her palm lightly. He rested his head on Ginny's chest and shrugged. Ginny closed her eyes and ran her fingers though Harry's hair. She saw the lights flicker off from under her closed eyelids. "You do the same for me," mumbled Harry. "We'll make this work Gin, you'll see. I won't let you get worn down and miserable," promised Harry.Ginny was nearly asleep when she heard Al's cry from his room down the hall. She sighed and went to get him before Harry stopped her. "I'll get him," he said. Harry rubbed her belly before pulling himself out of bed. "I'll see if I can't get him to settle without your boob." Ginny nodded and snuggled under the covers, stripping her clothes in the process."Get some sleep, Mama. You earned it."
