Eyes squinting thorough the blinding light, Harry saw someone across the lake with an outstretched wand. The glowing stag that walked across the water forced the dementor swarm back, radiating comfort and peace and, dare he say, love as it approached. The figure in the shadows behind the Patronus, though Harry really couldn't make them out, looked like him in a way. They- it couldn't be. As far as he knew there were no magical methods of replicating yourself, nor had he undergone such a process even if it was possible. So it couldn't be him- but they sure looked an awful lot like him! As he fought to keep his wits about him, Harry realized that there was no way. No one matched the way he looked. No one at Hogwarts, no one in Little Whining, no one!Well, it could be one person.Harry had never seen him in person, but he knew of him. He wasn't sure there was a magical person who hadn't. Everyone he met always said the same thing. They all told him: 'You look like your father, but you've got your mothers eyes.' So, since Harry was reasonably sure his body was still here, and not over there, that left only one thing…"Dad?" Harry moans to the rapidly fleeing dementor swarm, eyes fluttering closed as he lost the battle to stay conscious.Watching his younger self collapse, Harry turns back to Hermione. "Well," he starts before running out of words, unsure of what to say after all that. "Let's um, let's grab Buckbeak and go find Sirius."Hermione nods mutely, brain still in shock at the absurd level of magic she had just been witness to. "You really are one heck of a powerful wizard, Harry." She mutters, turning to follow him into the dark woods."Buckbeak!" Harry calls into some bushes. "Beaky!" he shouts again only for Hermione to swat his arm."Harry, there's a werewolf here. Do not go shouting into the woods. I'd rather not be killed or bitten. My parents would be horrified.""Right. Sorry. Here Bucky!" He whispers, voice substantially lower. When the creature fails to appear, they kept descending the slope and calling out softly for him."Hey, here's a track from the Weasleys' Angelina." Harry says offhandedly, stepping over a dried rut of tire tracks in the mud. Hermione stops in place, sincerely dumbfounded."What?!" she says, the absurdity shocking her out of her quiet precautions."Er, right you weren't there. Um, so you know Ron and I missed the train last year, right?" At her nod he continues. "When Dobby blocked up the portal to the train, we sort of borrowed the Weasleys' car.""You drove all the way to Hogwarts?" she asks."Ron did. Well, kind of. He forgot to turn it invisible for a while.""Invisible?""Yeah, reckon the obliviators had a hell of a job explaining that to the muggles." Harry jokes."Underage driving isn't that uncommon, Harry.""Yeah, but it was flying.""FLYING?!"Hermione yells."Bloody hell Hermione, what happened to being quiet?" Harry snaps in a whisper, looking around to see if her shriek had drawn unwanted attention of the extremely fury and even more hungry kind."You let Ronald Weasley fly you to Hogwarts in what I assume was a home enchanted car?" She hisses."Wasn't my best idea, but I didn't have a whole lot to work with now did I? They pulled me out of the Dursleys not a week before. Stole the bars right off the window.""Harry, we have a lot to discuss when this is all over, but it has to wait until after." Hermione whispers firmly as a howl echoes through the forest."Okay." Harry agrees, shelving the topic. The two walk in quiet for a while before Hermione cracks."So you let Ron drive it to Hogwarts.""Yeah, and then he crashed us into the Whomping Willow. It wasn't too happy with us and beat the snot out of the car before tossing us away. The Angelina ejected everything before driving off into the forest.""You're lucky you weren't killed.""Or expelled. Snape was the one to greet us." Harry adds. "So, later when Ron and I are searching for Aragog-""Aragog?" Hermione interrupts. "When I asked what all I missed being petrified last year, you told me not much. This sounds like a bit more than much, already.""Is that part of why you were given the time turner, to help catch up?""That's probably what McGonagall told the ministry." She says before shaking her head, "Stop changing the subject!""Okay. Anyway, Aragog is Hagrid's acromantula got him expelled when Tom Riddle blamed Myrtle's death on him."Moaning Myrtle?" Hermione wonders, but stays quiet, lest Harry go off on another tangent.Harry continues, "We went searching for him to find answers on what was petrifying the students. He wasn't what Hagrid told us he was, and he sort of sicced his brood on us. Said that he had them spare Hagrid due to their friendship, but all others were fair game. So we were running from the spiders-""Running? Aren't they just spiders? You could've stepped on them. Or if there were too many, incendio. Believe you me, I will remember that spell for the rest of my life after 1st year." Hermione says."You do know how big acromantulas are, don't you?" Harry asks quietly, almost regretfully."No, how big?""Well, Aragog was about the size of a lorry, and his brood ranged from regular to pony sized."Hermione gasps, smacking his arm "And you went looking for these things?!""Hagrid said we should!" Harry yelps, rubbing his arm. "We didn't think they would attack! Hagrid hasn't tried to kill me yet-" Harry stops to think for a moment before continuing, "at least not intentionally. Looking back, Ron and I should have been more cautious- I mean Fluffy and Norbert weren't exactly safe.""Aragog, as you called him, would be the third class-five dangerous creature he's called friend." Hermione adds."Anyway," Harry continues, "we ran and the car found us. It took us back to Hagrid's hut and threw us out again. Ron and I owe it our lives." He finished."That's crazy. And then you went into the Chamber shortly after? I thought first year was dangerous, but sweet Merlin, Harry! You need to think before acting." Hermione admonishes."In my defense I did get a professor for the Chamber.""Yeah, Flophart." Hermione snarks."And all this coming from the girl prancing about in the forbidden forest with a werewolf on the loose, looking for a 'bloodthirsty and murderous' hippogriff." Harry shoots back with a grin."Touché. But, a bloodthirsty and murderous hippogriff we just found. Come on Harry, let's go save Sirius!" She says gleefully, pointing to a half-eaten ferret on the forest floor. They eagerly rush forward, only to slam to a halt. From the distance, the shape looked to be feathery, but as they got closer, the 'feathers' resolved into matted fur. The beast in question stands up from under the tree it was lounging under. A pair of yellow eyes gleam out of the darkness as a low growl that the pair feels reverberating in their sternums rumbles through the clearing. Professor Lupin prowls into the light of the moon, removing any lingering doubts they may have had to his identity. His flank is scratched, and small bites mar his front. But rather than make him wary, the wounds seem to have only irritated him more. His eyes lock onto Harry's as a strand of saliva droops from his fangs."Hermione, get behind me and close your eyes." Harry orders, drawing his wand. He knows it's futile, but there's little other hope. Maybe an overpowered stinging hex or a supersized incendio could drive it off. Or, perhaps he could pull a Ron and levitate it out of the way. Hermione scrambles behind him, becoming painfully aware that she is actually larger than he is and can still see Professor Lupin over his head if she stands on her tiptoes. She files this away for later, deciding that now is not the time to discuss his home life. If they survive however, she vows to bring it up.Harry determinedly takes a step forward. "Lumos!" He shouts, the tip of his wand lighting up brighter than his Patronus had been. The clearing is thrown into stark relief, the shadows bending away from the light, trees bleached; all color seemingly cast out of existence. Lupin howls in pain, rearing up and away from the light, his sensitive eyes streaming. He claws blindly at the light as he falls back. Harry, arm outstretched, screams as the claws rake his arm. His wand goes flying, arm and jacket shredded, blood quickly dripping down on the leaves with wet splats. The werewolf turns once the light is gone and sniffs, zeroing in on the smell of prey. Warm prey, and fear."Harry!" Hermione screams, pulling her own wand and tugging harry back by his jacket. She steps forward and trues to come up with a spell, with something. Unlike Harry, she knows she isn't that strong. She's done the reading and knows how outclassed she is. But she can't stand by and let Lupin savage them. But, as he rears up to swipe at them again, she can't think of a spell. Her mind blanks and she can only watch as the claws descend-Only for something to barrel into the side of the wolf, throwing it away from them. Buckbeak lashes out with its talons, catching the professor in the muzzle and nose, a devastating blow. The werewolf circles around, but Buckbeak matches his pacing, sheltering the pair of humans. With a snarl, the wolf runs off.Buckbeak turns back to the two-legs that he liked and the one who fed him. While normally he wouldn't interfere with another's hunt, he liked these two. They gave him ferrets and respect. They were his; no beast was going to take them. He sniffs at the one who fed him earlier hopefully, nosing to ask if they have more of the small morsels to chomp on.Hermione crouches next to Harry, inspecting his arm."Hermione, am I going to change now? When will the first be? Oh god, what will the Dursleys do? Uncle Vernon will kill me when he hears!" Harry says."Harry, did you sleep through every one of Snape's lectures? Only werewolf saliva can infect. You'll be fine, other than some scars, thank god. Now, what was I just saying about being careful?" She cuffs the back of his head before hugging him. "That's for saving me and risking your life. And not in that order!" Hermione feels Buckbeak's beak prodding her back, and rises, raising her hands to show the hippogriff that she doesn't have any food for it."Harry, I feel bad, he saved us and we should thank him.""Help me find my wand; I think I can find one of Hagrid's traps. Wait, I got it." Harry climbs to his feet only to stumble to a tree and fall as his leg gives out."Harry!" Hermione shouts."I'm fine Hermione, just stood up too fast." He replies, picking up his wand and climbing back to his feet. She sighs and walks over, tearing off the ripped sleeve of his jacket."Reparo, Scourgify." She casts, making the sleeve whole and cleaning it of debris. She wraps it around his scratches, tying it in a knot over the wound. "That'll do until we're back at Pomphrey's. And it's no surprise about your condition. Magical exhaustion AND blood loss. If it were anyone else, you wouldn't be walking.""Well, the chores've got to be done, no matter how I'm feeling." Harry says drily. "Thank you Buckbeak." He calls, bowing to the birdhorse. "Or is it a horsebird? Semantics." He muses."I see a trap over there, Hermione." He calls, pulling his wand and focusing with a muttered, "Lumos." The light comes out narrower, thin as a laser beam pointing at a line hanging from a branch."How did you do that?" Hermione asks as she retrieves the dead rodent."I've been practicing magic with Professor Lupin during my breaks. He's taught me some tricks with intent." Harry replies.Once she's back by him, Hermione tugs on his wand and Harry lets her pull it out of his hand, the tip going dark as it disconnects."Magical Exhaustion," she admonishes, passing it back to him before feeding the ferret to Buckbeak."So, how exactly did you fly on him last time?" she asks."Bow, then er… Figure it out." At her dirty look he continues. "Hagrid just kinda plopped me on him last time. I'm not sure how to mount. Come to think, Hagrid probably doesn't either with his size and all." Harry protests."Boys." Hermione huffs, bowing to Buckbeak. When he bows back she approaches him, stroking his beak. "You're a wonderful hippogriff. So handsome and smart. I bet you know the mounting procedure, don't you?" Buckbeak snorts and bends even lower, to where she can brace off a nearby tree and sling a leg over him. "Come on Harry, it's not hard." She says triumphantly.With much more care, Harry repeats the process, shuffling onto Buckbeak's back."Now to the north tower. "Hermione says. Harry nods and, prods the hippogriffs sides with his worn trainers. They canter twice before Buckbeak snaps his wings open and they lift off. Hermione still hates the feeling of flying, of air rushing past her, and not being able to see the ground, but her focus is on Harry, who she knows could be seconds away from passing out and plummeting to his death without warning.Their arrival at the north tower happens without notice, as well as bursting Sirius' cell door. Hermione's subtle Alohomora attracts as much notice as it did first year, rather than the loud blast that Harry's planned Bombarda would have caused. However, buried in the shadows of the cell, Sirius doesn't react at all."Sirius? We've come to rescue you! Sirius?" Harry's chipper call swiftly descends to worry as he doesn't react.Hermione's hands climb to cover her mouth, trying to muffle the "No…""Siri?" Harry is on his knees by Sirius body now, clumsily feeling for a pulse or something. "Hermione, Hermione, he's- he's cold. There's no heartbeat. Hermione he's, he's, he's dead. He was going to let me stay with him instead of the Dursleys and he's dead. He's dead. Hermione, he's dead!" Harry is in full hysteria, tears sliding on his cheeks, nose running; it falls to her to keep them safe."Harry." She calls softly, gently. "Harry there's nothing we can do.""But- but I made sure they didn't kiss him. I watched the dementors flee. They didn't get his soul. Hermione, he was fine! They- they didn't get him." He protests."Harry, the dementors kiss doesn't kill a person, it only takes their soul. If he had been kissed, the body would still be alive." She says gently, feeling her eyes start to water."So you're saying that he- that someone?""Maybe. We don't know. We didn't see them take him in. We don't know Harry. We don't." The ominous sound of tolling bells suddenly boomed."Harry, quick- we've got to be in the infirmary before the bells are over." Hermione cries out. "Buckbeak, you're free now. You can go wherever you want to, but you can't stay here. Go. Be free, and be safe." She pleads, pushing on his side. The hippogriff noses her shoulder. "No, you can't stay! Forgive me." She slaps his flank roughly. He whinnies in shock, turning and launching from the tower. "I'm so sorry." She sobs, turning back."C'mon Harry. We have to be at the infirmary."The final bell tolls as she drags a shell-shocked Harry through the doors. Ron is thankfully asleep and Dumbledore is nowhere to be seen."Harry, you have to lie down on your cot." She guides him to his cot and gently pushes him down."Miss Granger?" Madame Pomphrey's tone is sharp, and comforting."Harry was thrashing about. I- I woke him up, but he turned to this. I think it may be that the adrenaline is wearing off. Also, his arm is torn open. I just noticed it now. Lupin had bound it before…" She trailed off."Oh, my poor dear. Rest. I'll handle this." Madame Pomphrey guides her to her own cot and gently pushes her down. "A calming draught?""Yes please." "Anything to end this night.""How is he?" the whisper is quiet and gruff, voice hoarse and tired."Good considering what happened. He's magically exhausted, but that should heal itself within a day or two. I did my best on the scratches he got, but they're going to scar. I have no clue how he melted his fingertips off, but they'll grow back before long.""And the others?""Ron is fine. I had to vanish the bone, but he's halfway through regrowing it. Hermione is the best off; with just a little bit of superficial damage- some scrapes and cuts. She'll be right as rain when she wakes up.""Good.""And you? Last night could not have been pleasant.""It was a trial. I had forgotten how painful the transformation is. I'm glad they're okay.""There is good news though, they found the traitors body!""They what?""Sirius Black. They found his corpse. Harry is safe now."Remus Lupin, exhausted and in pain from the night before, felt a shiver of dread go down his misshapen spine.Harry Potter, Lily's boy, is most definitely not safe.

The early dawn wakes Hermione not long after she dragged Harry to the Hospital wing and fell back into her cot. She's used to the early mornings, set on her school and finals schedule, and despite the last nights events, her body doesn't know that its time to go back to summer schedule.When she walks back from the loo, she hears a muffled, quiet gasp. Sirius' death hits Harry much harder than it does her- she only knew he was innocent for a handful of hours before his demise, even adding in their adventure in time travel. Harry spent time with him, just talking. Not long, but long enough she guessed. She sits on the cot next to Harry, who is clenched tightly, balled up against the world. There's no sign of the powerful wizard from the previous night just someone in pain. From the looks of his eyes, he hasn't even slept yet."He's gone, Hermione. I only had him for a few hours, and he's gone." Harry says quietly. "He offered me a home; did I tell you that? He offered to let me stay with him, to escape durzkaban.""Oh, Harry. I'm so sorry." She comforts. "He really cared for you.""Then why wasn't he there?! He went after Peter instead of staying with me. Even breaking out of prison- it was Pettigrew. Not me." Harry snarls."Harry, he cared for you a lot. You said you saw him before classes- he had to have crossed the breadth of England to see you before he came to Hogwarts. He knew you were safe, and then he sought his revenge. And when Snape barged in, or Lupin turned, Sirius was in front of you-protecting you."Like a puddle in the sun, Harry's anger melts away. "Yeah, he did, didn't he. He also was the one to get me the firebolt. I- I didn't think to thank him for it when I was with him. I just, I figured there would be more time.""I'm sure he knew that you liked it. Maybe, think of him when you ride it? Hermione whispers."That's a good idea. You're so smart, Hermione." Harry trails off. His anger and sorrow is spent, for now at least. His eyes close, and his breathing falls quiet as he fades to sleep. Hermione shakes her head and steps away, careful not to disturb him now that he finally is asleep."And what was that all about?" Ron sounds mildly shocked, but even more confused. Hermione groans lightly. Why does it fall to me to do everything?"The news came early this morning, Sirius is dead. Harry is still dealing with it.""Oh. Poor bloke. Getting a family before seeing it ripped away. That's harsh that is. What happened to Scabbers?""Ron!" She chastises. "Show some sensitivity! I liked Sirius too." She walks to his cot so they can be quieter. "Scabbers got away. So did Buckbeak, I think.""You think?" he questions, "How can you not know?""Well, the executioner was cutting pumpkins when I saw him last, and I couldn't exactly see Buckbeak." she says sharply."Oh. I just never thought you'd admit to not knowing something." He says. He pauses for a moment, before seeming to wake up a bit with horror. "Pettigrew. He got away. He slept with me every day since first year, and he got away. Bloody Hell, he was Percy's before! Hermione, he's been with us the whole time! Even if he was innocent, he's been living in my family's beds! For ten years!" He yelps."Miss Granger, Mister Weasley, why are you two awake? The day is still young. Young Mister Longbottom isn't even up to harvest his plants yet!" Professor McGonagall looks annoyed as she walks in, but on an early-morning level rather than Weasley-twin-prank one."Harry was…" Hermione starts, then trails off, not knowing how to explain it. McGonagall's gaze softens."I see. And you, Mr. Weasley?""They were talking." He gestures to Hermione and Harry's cot over his leg."Well, Breakfast isn't for another hour at least. You should go back to sleep. Unless, Miss Granger, would now be a good time?" The professor asks over her glasses"Hermione, what's she talking about?" Rona asks."It's nothing Ron, homework questions." Hermione explains, answering McGonagall, "Yes, ma'am, just let me change.""Alright then. Mr. Weasley, Madame Pomphrey will release you later, or have breakfast brought up when it is ready. I suggest you sleep off the rest of that skele-grow. Your mother will be along to collect you and your brothers later today." Ron moans and lets his head fall back on his pillow. Loud snores erupt in seconds.Hermione emerges from the loo amazed at Ron's snores and follows Professor McGonagall to her office. "Imagine having to sleep with that every night!""Indeed Miss Granger, but I happen to know from Professor Flitwick that all of the Gryffindor third years are very proficient with the silencing charm." She replies with a wink. "I have absolutely no idea how they could have learned it. Tea?""Yes please." Hermione accepts the saucer and cup graciously, blowing on the steam. McGonagall sips hers and sighs."It isn't morning until Tea. Tea means it's time to really wake up. The only way to wake up, really. Some of these younger witches keep raving about this yank brew, coffee they call it? Stick to tea I tell them. Who knows what's in that foreign brew!" Hermione giggles again at the Professors suspicious expression."It's more than a little bitter, that's for sure. Mum swears it can strip paint on a day with a strong batch." Hermione admits, sipping her own tea."Well, enough pleasantries." McGonagall says, setting her tea down. "I trust you have it on you?" Hermione nods, pulling the time turner out from her jumper. "And have you decided on next year's schedule?""Yes ma'am, I wish to drop Divination officially, as well as Muggle Studies. The course is massively out of date. I'd also like to drop Magical Theory. I love the class, but I'd rather not have to use that device again. It was pointed out to me that for all the time I was using it, I was working, and therefore was overstressing, since I wasn't adding any de-stressors as well. I'd rather not name the student, but I do trust their opinion.""Very well." The Transfiguration professor says, taking the outstretched time turner carefully. "I'll modify the rosters for next year. Is there anything else?""Well," Hermione says hesitantly."Yes, what is it?" She says."I think Harry also wants to change his classes. He expressed interest in Runes and Magical theory when he heard me talking about them. Also, while I skipped Divination for most of the year, the few times I was there it did not seem rather healthy for him. It can't be good to constantly hear your death predicted. He has enough trouble what with the troll in first year, the Basilisk last year and the dementors this year." Hermione says quickly.McGonagall holds up a hand. "Tell Mr. Potter to come see me later. I can remove him from Divination due to the stress of impending doom, but he'll have to talk to me about the others."'And won't that get Sybil up in arms!'"Thank you Professor. And thank you for the tea, it was lovely." Hermione says, walking from McGonagall's office. 'Where to now?' she asks herself. 'End of term feast is tomorrow night, maybe I should start packing. Wait! The library books I have out. I've got to run those to Madame Pince, or she'll have my head- worse, she might ban me from the library!' Hermione breaks into a run, heading for the Gryffindor common room.Harry wakes up slowly, relaxedly, which is so out of the norm he almost panics. He is used to the rough, rude awakenings of the Dursleys, or the sudden awakening caused by teenage boys. This, this is new. He slowly becomes aware of his location and judging by the medicinal smell and the potion leaning on his nightstand, he is in the Infirmary. Again. 'At this rate, Madame Pomphrey will make a cot just for me. Worse, I'll actually need it.' "Ah, Mr. Potter, I was wondering when you would awaken. What type of metal would you like for your plaque? I was thinking bronze, but then I remembered that is traditionally Ravenclaw. Well?" Madame Pomphrey teases him as he sits up."Er, whatever you feel is best. Is it really necessary though?" She sighs."Not this time, I guess. Lord knows though, you are my most common patient since your father was here." She replies."Really? My father? Was he here often?" Harry asks excitedly.Pomphrey laughs. "Heavens no. He was very rarely in here. His prank victims though, they were here a lot.""Prank victims?" Harry asks."Don't let Minerva find out I was the one who told you, but your father fashioned himself quite the prankster, more so than even the Weasley twins. In the early days, he was harmless and so she turned a blind eye. But once he learned a bit more, he grew to be a bit of a bully. Minnie prefers to remember him as he was in his later years, after he did some growing up, and not the swaggering third year proud that he nearly hexed someone's nose off.""No one has ever told me this." Harry says quietly."For one, it's impolite to speak ill of the dead. And he did grow up to be a fine young man. But, the fact remains, Severus was in here almost weekly from one attack or another for years." She admits."Snape!? Snape was in here because to him?" Harry is shocked now."I shouldn't have told you that, he is quite particular about his past, but yes. James was very vocal and expressive in his dislike of our potions professor. Lily quieted him down, but James and Severus never did see eye to eye." The Madame checks on a few things before waving a wand and setting Harry free. "I'd recommend you go to the Great Hall, breakfast is nearly over. You need plenty of calories to compensate for the amount of magic you used last night. Mr. Weasley has a few hours of skele grow in him, then he is going home. Best send him an owl later." Harry nods at the matron, easing out of the cot and grabbing his clothes, which had been cleaned and fixed by the elves."Hey Neville, what are you doing up so early?" Harry asks, sliding into his normal seat in the otherwise empty great hall."Ha ha Harry, I've been up for hours. Some plants can only be harvested at dawn, and others on full moons. I couldn't get a pass to be out at nights this year for some reason, but I was cleared to go out as soon as the sun rises. What happened? You weren't in the dorm when I woke up.""Madame Pomphrey just cleared me, she told me to go and eat something. I guess for the magical exhaustion.""Blimey Harry, that corridor first year, Chamber of Secrets last year, what was it this year?" Neville asks in surprise."Er, Ron's rat was stolen by a dog and he ran after it. We followed it through the Whomping willow-""Did you use the knot?" He asks sharply."What knot?" Harry asks confusedly."Oh, there's just a knot near the bottom of the tree that causes it temporary paralysis. You didn't know? So you fought through the Whomping Willow?""Yeah. Wish I had known about that knot."Neville bursts out laughing. "You actually fought through the willows branches and got to the passage beneath? That's golden Harry, absolute gold. So what happened next?""Well, we chased the dog into the shack, where it confronted us as Sirius Black.""No way." Neville says in disbelief."Yes way, so then Lupin shows up, and they talk for a bit. I guess they knew each other form before. Lupin turns and shoots a spell at Ron. I thought he missed, but it turns out he was aiming at Ron's rat Scabbers. Scabbers starts growing and ends up being Peter Pettigrew! Even counting for after 12 years aging, I recognized that face from the reports. So anyway, Snape barges in." Harry ignores Neville's shiver of fear, but remembers it for later, "During the scuffle for our wands Snape ends up knocked out, and Lupin has Pettigrew under guard. We revived Snape and marched out, but Lupin forgot his potion.""His potion?""Yeah, Lupin's a werewolf. Big hairy one too." Harry says."Bloody hell, no wonder they wouldn't let me out during full moons." Neville's face goes pale as the realization sinks in. He is lucky he decided not to sneak out for that sample of Rhunimum Silvaris."Yeah, so Lupin transforms. Black also transforms into some sort of dog and tries to run him off. Snape tries to protect us, but Pettigrew stuns him and transforms. So I chase Lupin down, I thought he might remember me, I mean I've been taking extra lessons from him for most of term-""You really slept though Snape's lectures. Everyone knows-""Hermione told me." Harry groans. "Anyway, I chase him down. Lupin turns and is about to savage me when a wolf howls. I guess he decided defending his territory was more important than me. So he ran off, and I chased down Sirius. He was down by the lake, collapsed. I ran to him. I wanted to bring him in and prove his innocence. Foolish of me, I know. Call me a Gryffindor. Dementors suddenly come charging in, ready to suck out both our souls. I'm barely holding on, trying to cast a Patronus. I've got a shield, but it isn't stopping them. My shield fails, and they're all over us. I can feel the darkness setting in when suddenly a light fills the lake. There's another Patronus out there. I don't know who cast it, but it drove them all away. Next thing I know, I'm in the Infirmary. Now they're telling me my parents have been avenged, that Black is dead." Harry quiets after the long speech, taking a drag of Pumpkin Juice."That's quite the tale. If it wasn't you, then I probably wouldn't believe it.""Thanks mate. None of this makes sense though, and It's driving me insane." Harry admits, "Think about it, Pettigrew being alive throws up so many questions. Did he chase Sirius, or did Sirius chase him? Why was he hiding if he has an order of merlin? He's a hero, isn't he? And Sirius was in Azkaban.""You're right, Harry, something doesn't add up." Neville agrees."I guess we'll find out in the next few weeks. With Sirius dead, he has nothing to lose by coming forward. But if he stays behind, stays hidden, then it makes sense that Sirius was innocent. One way or another, the truth will come out." Harry says firmly, before his face softens, "Though, even if he is guilty of something, I don't know if I'd subject him to those dementors. That seems like a fate worse than death."Neville nods sagely, "Either way we'll get some answers to questions no one wanted to answer back then." The two go back to eating for a bit before Neville blurts out, "I- I don't think I could be as kind as you.""What do you mean?" Harry asks."About the Dementors. No one's told you about me? About what happened?" At Harry's head shake, Neville continues, "Shortly after that night, " he quickly glances at the scar, "a few death eaters showed up at my family manor. They breached the wards and got me hostage. They tortured my parents, demanding to know what had happened to their master, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.""You mean Volde-""Don't say it!" Neville hisses. "There was a taboo before the war. They don't know if the death eaters are still hooked to it. They could track you by it.""Oh. I didn't know. That's why people are so jumpy about it." Harry says, his face reflecting that he's just had a long standing question answered."Yeah. So they used the Cruciatus curse on them, demanding they talk. Neither of them broke under the pressure until it became too much. Gran woke up to me crying and both of them on the ground, minds broken. To this day they're in Saint Mungo's. Long term spell damage. The healers aren't very positive about them improving, but…"Harry puts a hand on Neville's shoulder. "I get it. They'll improve one day. After all, they'll have you on their case. Is that why you're so good at Herbology? Is it the backbone of healing?""Yes, that and potions. But potions isn't going so well." He slumps."Mate, it's not you. It's Snape. That git can't teach. There's more to it than just the directions. I looked at some of the older books used for it. Half of first year was supposed to be for learning reaction tables and proper setup. Instead, we spent half of first year on potions accidents and insulting Gryffindors.""If you say so, Harry." Neville says with a wan smile."Hey Harry. Where are your glasses?" Seamus asks, plopping down next to Neville.

"What do you mean Seamus? They're right…" Harry trails off as he feels for the glasses. The uncomfortable, but traditional, broken frames are not there. Yet, he's seeing clearly. Harry crosses his eyes to look at the empty bridge of his nose and decides that something is very off. "Or they aren't here. But yeah, I can see fine."At Harry's confused look Seamus grins. "Mate, you're Harry bloody Potter. You don't do normal."To this, Neville bursts out laughing, unable to contain his chortles. "Seamus is more than right; that's your family motto, isn't it?""Family motto?" Harry asks."Yeah, all big families have got one. The Longbottom one is something along the lines of 'Grandis est quercus superum angens vitis'.""and just what doe that mean?" Seamus demands."It's just latin." Neville shrugs, "'Tall is the oak that survives the strangling vine'.""Are they all that complex?" Seamus asks.Neville frowns. "Mine is; Harry's isn't. He's lucky. 'Nos numfacis Normativis.""Sounds short, whatever it is." Seamus says, looking at them expectantly."We don't do normal." Harry says, resting his head on the table."Well, if that doesn't describe you then I don't know what would." Seamus says as the final word on the matter."And on that note, boys, I'm off to pack." Harry says, pushing away from the table and standing up. As Harry walks away, Neville looks down at his half-eaten plate and over at Seamus full one, before looking over at Harry's. Harry's plate was half the size of either of theirs and, going by the crumbs, had less on it."What did he have, one slice of toast?" Neville wonders to himself, making a note in his head to watch Harry next term. To make sure he was alright.Harry suspects none of that as he walks away. He steps aside for a gaggle of Hufflepuff girls and looks out of a window. Seeing the sun shining, the birds flying, and everything calm and okay, harry can't resist as a feeling of freedom and health fills him, and he can't help the smile that breaks out on his face. His mind whirls as it tries to comprehend the freedom of his last day. The previous years, his time was taken up by the hospital visits or other issues. This year, he had it free. He could do anything. Hell, he could even free another Dobby! Who does he know that mistreats their elves, and how can he get them inside the castle…While he plots grand theft servant in his head, his feet carry him on a familiar path. Every Tuesday, after breakfast, he either has Defense, or visits Professor Lupin. It was so common that the portraits along the route had started giving him tips."Potter!" The shout comes from a portrait of three men smoking at a table. However, the voice does not belong to one of them. Instead, the shout comes from a visitor to that portrait. A teen boy, sword at his side under a well-worn cloak, stands huffing and puffing."Yes, Michael? What do you have for me today? Another one of the master's tips on how to not fall on my butt?" Harry teases. The man shoves one of the smokers aside and quaffs a tankard of something. Harry didn't really want to think of what Portraits drank. Ink? Sealant? Turpentine?"Nay, laddie. I got a tip for you from meself this time. I was hanging around the Hufflepuff dorms, trying to get to that kitchens portrait you told me about. Fruit larger than I, yumm."the man shakes in pleasure before snapping back to attention, "So, I hears these two gals talking abouts a fencing class they're taking over the summer. In London, above a shop on Diagon. You really should learn you some type of weapon, something more than just a wand. Everybody's got a wand, but not just anybody has a claymore in their britches. As me Pap always said, 'Semper Vigilo!'" Michael shouts before he runs off again.Harry had yet to catch the boy's family name, but he guessed that the shout was their family motto, having just heard about them from Neville. He had to find out what family had such a motto. 'Constant Vigilance,' it sounded exhausting. They were probably mattress makers by now. Still, such advice was rare to get free, especially from people who were training under actual masters. Given the historical bad blood between the various masters, namely the poaching and assassinations and feuds and you-get-the-point. Between all of that it is a miracle the portrait ever got completed. Harry takes the final few steps from the corner of the corridor to the door of the defense room and pauses. He hesitates, churning thoughts keeping him from knocking.What if Professor Lupin was angry at him, or had just ran off with a pack of wolves, and was now going to terrorize Hogwarts until the ministry summoned Macnair to come and behead them all with that axe he had been waving around? 'If he hasn't come back,' Harry's internal voice rationalizes, "then someone has to pack his stuff. May as well be me', he thinks.Just as Harry goes to knock, the door swings open. His upraised fist now beats not on the solid door it was poised over, but instead over Lupin's sparse hair. For a moment, they both blink at each other in surprise."Three things: one, James would tell us to stop making eyes at each other and get a bloody room; two, Sirius would joke about checking for empty space in my head; three, I'm glad you came by. I was meaning to find you sooner or later. There are important things here for you." The Professor says, breaking the moment."Really? About my dad and him. They really would have said that? And what do you have that is so important?" Harry asks."Yes, they tried to be jokesters and pranksters. Went too far once or twice. Come into my office, Harry. I promise I don't bite." Lupin says."Professor, no offense, but I've seen you. You do bite. And it's not fun. You aren't mad at me, right?" Harry says."Harry, you should know, I only bite at night. Or if someone asks me to. Some witches like that sort of thing I hear. Of course, they tend to rhyme with umbrella. No, I'm not mad at you. Why would I be?" He pauses and takes on a concerned look, "Should I be? Did you do something?""Er, no. I haven't done anything that warrants anger, I think. I came to see how you were doing." He says."Oh, I'm fine. This isn't the first time I've been run out of a job." Remus says with false cheer."I meant Sirius." Harry says quietly."Oh. That's more of a mess than I think you could understand. He was a good friend once upon a time and shall be missed. But, I'm not ashamed to admit I hated him for a large part of the last decade. Now I know Peter was the culprit, but feelings aren't so clear cut. His death, while regrettable, may have been for the best. You should know, those years in Azkaban changed him. What growing up he did after graduating, they stole back. The Sirius you met was a shell of the man I knew. And, from what he told me, it wasn't likely that he would improve. Dementor exposure is horrific stuff- and with how long he was trapped there, it was unlikely he could recover even part of his old self." Lupin says quietly."So you believe his story?" Harry asks."I do. Peter wouldn't have hidden unless he feared for his life, but he had plenty of time to come out. He was hiding with people we were allies with. They would never have hurt him. Sirius was locked away for 12 years Harry, nearly your entire life. Peter had plenty of time to come clean and be recognized as the hero everyone thought he was. There's more going on here than the 'known' truth. Remember what we talked about, Harry, to trust your instincts and think for yourself. I won't tell you what to think but know that I'm firmly convinced that Sirius was innocent all along." Remus says, leaning on his desk."So, who do you think killed him then?" Harry asks."That is something that you do not need to be thinking about. I have a few suspects in mind, and I may be planning to do some snooping when I leave, but it is not your fight, Harry." The professor says, "not because I don't trust you, but, unfortunately, because you'd only slow me down." Remus gives Harry a smile, and it's full of teeth. Sharp teeth. "I'm going hunting, for the first time in a very long time.""I don't know whether to say good luck or have fun, sir." Harry says slightly nervously."I'll take them both, prongslet. You did good last night, with that lumos. Not many would have thought about using it like that.""I just did what I could." Harry says sheepishly."Well, it bought you time for Buckbeak to rescue you. If I could still give points, you'd have earned them." Remus says warmly."I think I'll settle for having my life." Harry jokes."Better than the alternative." Remus says and they both grimace."Now, pup, some things you need to start thinking about. For one, when Dumbledore placed you with your relatives, he expanded the blood wards Lily gave you to encompass your Aunt's entire home, protecting all of them in addition to you. They were never designed to handle so much and have thus weakened considerably. You have two options: break them, which will eradicate his claim to keep you there, or find the ward stone, in which case we can pull them back to you intact. One way you keep your mother's protection, the other you eliminate Dumbledore's claim on you staying there. I mean, you could leave them as they are.""It would be a waste of them, but they're not my wards." remus mumbles under his breath, yanking one of the hanging skeletons into a box, which gives off a terrible crash. Remus winces."Watch yourself around your Uncle too. You're losing that youthful look and resembling James more than before. Vernon hated James with a burning passion, quite literally. He tried to set James on fire twice. Once at your father's Wedding even. Proved for an interesting ceremony, the bride snapping off spells between vows. Made the front page of the prophet. He's dangerous." When Harry nods his understanding, Remus continues."With Sirius dead, some things are going to happen. For one, his will is going to be executed. I'm sure he left you something, but knowing him, he probably left it all to you. Expect Gringotts to be in touch. A second concern is the Family magics of house Black. It's complicated, and Sirius admitted even he didn't understand them all the way. But for now, just understand that there are certain things that he could access as the heir and head of House Black. When he died, he lost control of them. We aren't sure where they are now. Anyone related to the house could have them. Our best hope is that they reverted to the next best claim, his eldest cousin Andromeda. If it is as we fear, and the house is Patriarchal, meaning women cannot inherit, then they would have fallen to Draco.""Malfoy?""The same.""He cannot get them." Harry says firmly."That may not be up to you, pup. One last thing, "Remus says as they close up the last of his bags and trunks. "Lily told me she left a contingency plan at your aunt's house. Find it. I have no idea what it is, but knowing Lily, it's powerful and will be great help to you."The duo walk to the door to the classroom, and step out."Professor?""Yes, Harry?""Have you seen Pettigrew on the map?""No, but I never saw him besides the once. I think Sirius spooked him and he forgot to recast whatever charm he was using to hide. Now, he's either long gone from the castle or hiding again. Harry, I want you to be careful if you ever see him again. Whether or not he killed those muggles and betrayed your parents, he did hide in your best friends' pocket for three years. Even if he's not a murderer, that makes him even more of a creep than he was when we were in school." Remus muses, walking toward the gate."This is goodbye, Harry. For now." Remus says, ruffling the boys hair. "There is a storm brewing, but it is not here yet. Go, enjoy the time you have left this year with your friends! Try not to antagonize your Uncle, or anyone else. A low profile would make this easier. But, knowing you," Lupin squeezes Harry's shoulder, "trouble will come knocking.""Professor, you should know by now." Harry says, "It doesn't even bother to knock anymore, just sits on down for tea and biscuits on its own.""Hah! Enjoy your final days here, prongslet." Remus says fondly. "I'll be in touch." With that, the werewolf walks out of the gates of Hogwarts, boxes in tow."Happy hunting!"With a flash, the man is gone. Harry stuffs the map Lupin gave him back into his pocket and starts the trek up to Hogwarts. Remus told him to have fun, but Harry has some work to do first.

Harry can't help but wonder as he walks up to the castle. There's so much he doesn't know about his parents, so many missing pieces. It's bizarre, as he thinks about it, that no one seems to want to talk about them. No one. Not their friends, though he's met precious few of those so far, not their teachers, no one. It's as if the subject of James and Lily Potter is taboo. Even the few people he has met that claimed to be their friends are secretive. Remus, despite teaching him for nearly the whole year, let out sparingly few comments about his parents. Hell, he'd learned more about his father from Pomphrey than anyone else! That leads to another consideration, and he has to pause under a tree at the magnitude. (He first checks to see if the tree moves of its own accord. Twice to be certain it isn't just biding its time to maul him. The term isn't over quite yet, there's still a chance!) When it doesn't move to attack, Harry leans on it.He doesn't know much of anything beyond school. He knows his parents' names, and some other wizarding adults. He knows of a few jobs in the wizarding world, though most seem to be service industry. Other than shopkeepers, there are professors and obliviators. Aurors and the minster of magic, too. Mr. Weasley works for the department of magical mishaps, or something like that. There have to be doctors of some sort. But past that? Harry has no idea what magicals do. Or how many there are. He doesn't know how their laws are decided, or how they organize themselves. The only sports he knows of are quidditch and quodpot, besides broom racing, which isn't much of a sport yet. If he's honest, Harry admits to himself that he doesn't even know that much about magic either. He's not been the most studious, sleeping in class and goofing off with Ron more often than paying attention. Harry's a little… He's ignorant, alright? He can admit it, even if he doesn't like it.Even Draco knows more than him. Hell, Crabbe and Goyle probably do. It is at that moment than the shift inside Harry that had been building for the past few weeks broke. He was determined from that moment on to take this seriously. He was going to be a better student, and he was going to seek out more. He had to. He needed to. Harry had questions, that no one would answer, or that he simply didn't know enough to make sense of the answer.Why was Voldemort after him?How did Voldemort become so powerful?Who are the Potters?How did magic work?Where did Muggleborns come from?All these questions swirled around his head until Harry had enough. He jumped to his feet, shook his head clear and strode confidently to the castle. Nothing would be answered sitting there, so he was off to find some answers. It was time to make some changes. Time to buckle down and get some things done. As he crosses under the main door, Harry plans out what he needs to accomplish in the next few days. For one, he has to pack everything up and make sure he has no overdue library books. Pince would kill him if he didn't turn them in. Lastly, he needed to talk to McGonagall. He had to switch some classes, as his current load was just not cutting it for him. Divination was terrible, and from what he saw, Harry liked Runes. Ron wouldn't like it, but he'd just have to suck it up.But, as Harry thundered though the hall as best a scrawny 13-year-old could, his fervor was banked. It smelled like summer, like freedom. It was a good feeling, but a calming one. There wasn't a rush- all of this did not need to happen today. Harry could take him time. 'But not too much', he reminded himself. His decision set, Harry took a few calming breaths and pulled out the map Remus handed him. McGonagall was in her office, but for all his bravery, harry would rather not start with her. He didn't need to talk to Sprout, though she would be by far the easiest to talk to. He though about Snape, but, after remembering what Remus told him, decided it wasn't worth the risk. There was a small chance Snape would forgive him and overlook his relation and similarity to his father. A slight chance, but not nearly enough for it to be worth it. Remus, as he was leaving, quietly explained that too much of Severus' personality was made up of his trauma. That Snape had built his identity on the wounds and he never tried to let go of the pain- this was who he was. Maybe Lily could make him see sense, but if she were alive, there wouldn't be much to fix.Professor Flitwick isn't in his office, nor his classroom. Instead Harry has to look for him all over. When Harry finally finds the half goblin professor, he has to check three times to believe it. Professor Flitwick is in the sixth-floor girls' lavatory. Harry starts to make a judgement, then remembers what it would have looked like head anyone seen him in Myrtle's last year. (he conveniently forgets that Fred and George probably did see him in the loo there, and most likely assued his motivations, and approved.) Using a nifty spell Harry found, called 'point me' harry follows his wand to the right door. It would look suspicious to be glancing at a piece of parchment while wandering through the castle- too much risk. At the door, Harry double checks the map one last time, making sure the room is still empty besides the charms professor, and eases the door open.Inside, Harry is blown away by the chaos. The toilets and sinks are in full revolt, spewing water and porcelain at the professor. The doors and wall are fighting him too, flying around and wrapping themselves around him or slamming together to try and sandwich him. The tiles are shredding through the air like a flock of razor birds, aiming to main. Flitwick is in full display of his prowess, whirling around with wand and a flashing blade, casting and cutting through the forces arrayed against him with ease. The wand is doing no more or less work than the blade, pulling and pushing and freezing and flicking all sorts of tricks at the horde of demonic furnishings. Moments after Harry enters, Flitwick changes pace and shreds the remaining room in quick succession, lashing the doors down and freezing the tiles. The walls are forced back into shape with a twist and flick, while the rest of the furnishings are simply twisted apart."Hmm, a tie this year, since we were interrupted." Flitwick muses as he drifts down to the floor, canceling his spell once he is but inches off the ground. "Hello Mr. Potter.""Wow,Professor that was-" Harry is lost for words."Simply a challenge my sixth-year students and I have every year. Need to keep them sharp between their NEWTs and OWLs. What brings you here?" The charms professor is slightly winded but beams with happiness and delight."I was wondering if you had any suggestions for review over the summer or some extra things I should learn. A… family friend told me about my mother's interest in charms, and her declaration that they could do anything." Harry confesses.Professor Flitwick brightens at the mention of his favorite student. Oh, Lily. His soft spot for the redhead had been well known by her seventh year. She was always so eager for more; he was shocked that she wasn't one of his 'claws. She had so much potential; It truly scared him when he paused and thought about it, that with all of her drive, she had more bravery and nerve than her voracious desire to learn. If the dueling circuit had not been closed…"So Remus finally stopped and used his head again. Took him long enough." The half-goblin says with a grin, starting to walk for his office. "I'll make you a deal, Mr. Potter. I may not be a Slytherin, but I'm no stranger to crafty dealings- half-Goblin, you know. If you promise to not hold back next year, and to review everything up to this point, I'll give you a list of materials you might be interested in when we get back. Impress me enough, and I might just be able to help you with that secret project you have. The one I found you talking with Messer's Weasley about.""Really?" Harry asks, in nigh disbelief."Indeed. Now, Professor Lupin told me of your Patronus charm. When you were struggling with it, he came to me for help. We worked out that your only limitation was your memories. You had the magical power, but not the feeling. If you can maintain that work ethic and power, which will reflect on your assignments, then I can promise that we'll work on that flight of fancy you've got." The Charms Master added."Teach me how to do all that by seventh year and you've got a deal." Harry says, pointing backtowards the demolished bathroom.Flitwick laughs, "You really are a Slytherin at heart, Mr. Potter. Tell you what, you give me an O or O+ on your Charms owl, and I'll not only teach you to duel like I do, but I'll help you forge one of these." The half-goblin holds up his dirk. It is long for a knife, a good eight inches of blade. Goblin forged, likely by Flitwick himself. The blade is sharp and precise, the piece balanced and light. An almost perfect specimen of a quick and violent weapon. Harry very reluctantly hands it back, some inner instinct not wanting to part from it."You've got a deal, Professor." Harry agrees, eyeing the mess almost out of sight. "I should leave you to clean this up." The professor chuckles slightly, and absently casts a reparo over his shoulder before watching for Harry's reaction. Harry, incredulous, watches everything spin back together in a matter of seconds."I am a Charms master." Flitwick winks. "Lily was going to take a mastery under myself, before you came along. Maybe you have her skills. If so, maybe you too could find the same opportunity. Good luck." With the parting comment, Flitwick swirls his wand and levitates himself. Cackling maniacally, he speeds down the hall, leaving Harry to watch the dust flying."I've got to learn how to do that." Harry promises himself, before turning for his head of house's office.The corridor of dread is empty this time of day. Despite the reputation, it was neither dark nor dreary (like Professors Snape's), yet not overly bright and exposed like Trelawney's. It was rather normal, rather boring, if a tad over decorated. Harry paces briskly, not really wanting anyone to see him voluntarily approaching the Stern Deputy, holder of the-bun-that-endured. The legendary reputation of the hairdo was well earned. It had survived the Weasley clan (three generations!), the Marauders, and the Lovegoods. Legend held that the only death eater to every push it out of place died. Immediately. There was no curse cast, or spell exchanged. They simply dropped dead. The bun,may it be feared, deserved every bit the awe it got. When he thought of it, Harry's boots shook. ItDespite the quiver, Harry was a Gryffindor to the core. He charged in, confidence soaring, adrenaline pumping, and meekly knocked on the door."Professor McGonagall, do you have a minute?" He asked politely, clearly, exactly, scared to utter a single syllable wrong. It wasn't too late for her to change his test grade, was it? She could still fail him for stuttering."Ah, yes Mr. Potter. I was wondering when you would make your way to my office. Sources tell me you visited Professor Flitwick first. Do you really dislike your Head of House that much?" she held back a smirk at his shock and hasty reply."Of course not, I love Gryffindor! I mean, some of us don't think before we act-myself included-, and the twins can get annoying, Percy doesn't always live up to expectations, and Snape hates us on principle, and you never talk to us, but-""That's enough Mr. Potter. I believe you. Now, what would you like to speak with me about?" She replied, cutting his rushed reply off, though noting his added complaints. They would need to be revisited. She sometimes gets so caught up in running the school that she just assumes that since no one says anything, everything is running just fine. McGonagall is certainly aware she has a reputation, (she used it often enough), but it sometimes slipped her mind just how big the legend was, especially to the lower years."Well, I'd like to switch my classes for next year." Harry says, quickly sliding into one of the chairs."Oh?" McGonagall yet again cursed her inability to raise only one eyebrow. It was such a useful talent, and one Pomona held over her head at every opportunity."Yes, ma'am. Divination, while simple, isn't doing me a lot of good. From this year alone, I can tell you that I am not a seer. I have little to no gift in the art; therefore, it is only prudent I switch out to a course where I can show at least some competency." He replied."Miss Granger coached you on this, didn't she." Minerva asked."Err, yes. Yes, she did." He admitted."Very well then, what would you like to take instead?""If it's not too much trouble, Ancient Runes and Magical Theory.""Miss Granger said as much." She looks up after making the notes, seeing that he looks conflicted, "Is that all?""I was reading the course syllabus in Hermione's HaH, Hogwarts, a History that is, and I saw that Ancient Studies ran some years. It sounded interesting, but it isn't on the request list." He added."I see. Well, Ancient Studies is a course only taught when it has enough interest. Most purebloods avoid it since we liaise a Goblin Historian to help teach some of the aspects, as well as have other guest speakers. Half-bloods tend to shy away from pushing against the Pureblood traditions, and most Muggle born aren't aware of it. Even with you added to the list, it may not be enough to open it next year. Be warned, if we do hold classes for it, it is not like any of the other classes. It transcends the years and houses and does not have a syllabus. The exam for it is not standardized, and the curriculum is not set. It goes wherever it wants. Be careful, or you may get stuck learning about Mayan fertility charms for half of the year." She warned."Mayan fertility charms?" Harry asked."I believe that was Mrs. Weasley's year. I'm sure it has no relation." She says primly. Harry barely avoids spitting out his tea."I believe that wraps our business up, unless you have anything else?" the professor asks."Someone close to me said that my dad was gifted at transfiguration. Is, was he really?" Harry asks quietly.McGonagall sighs, "Mr. Potter, come with me." She leads him outside of the office, to the corridor it resides in. She draws her wand, clears her throat, and confidently swishes it, calling out, "Stand to!" Immediately, the whole corridor changes. Plants, windows, benches, suits of armor, even the floor itself changes to reveal various traps, from harmful to pranking. A carpet rolls up and salutes her."As you were." She calls out, and the traps all shift back to their original forms. She leads Harry back into the office."What was that?" he breathes in awe."That, Mr. Potter, was your fathers parting gift to myself and the staff. He spent his entire last week transfiguring anything he could think of into defenses. We were at war, you know. The entire marauders chipped in, even your mother, Lily, though she wasn't official inducted. They were the ones who re-vamped our defenses enough to withstand three separate attacks. Your father was one of the best transfiguration prodigies I have even seen. Based on your essays, I think you may have followed him. Judging from your essays, you picked up a rare volume of A Beginners Guide to Transfiguration. Your copy, I believe, is one of the few left that display incorrect information. It was a printing error and had a whole fleet of owls sent out to recall them. I believe your replacement copy might have been confused by the mail redirection ward and was never delivered." She explained."Mail redirection ward?" Harry asks."You weren't aware? Hagrid was supposed to inform you of the vault that Gringotts donated to you due to your actions all those years ago. All your fan mail and other automated letters are sent there. Unless a person knows you specifically, their letters are redirected there. You'll have to ask Hagrid for the key." She adds."Whoa. Wait, I get fan mail?" She can't help but grin at the scrunched up look his face upon realizing that."Yes, I believe you have letters from most of the staff, as well as other condolence letters and other affairs there. If my memory serves right, there may be a letter from your grandfather, Charlus, resting there as well.""My grandad sent me a letter?" He asks."No. he wrote you a letter on his death bed. You were only a few weeks old, so he recorded down his thoughts and advice to you. I have to assume once your parents died, it was added to the vault. By now, it may be quite full." She said kindly."I'll be sure to visit it and try to sort out some of the mess. I'll also get a new version of the textbook. Thank you for both the stories, and your time professor McGonagall." He replied, walking to the door."Remember Mr. Potter, my door is open to all students who want to talk. My star seeker is welcome anytime." She bade him farewell and settled back in her chair. A few quick slashes and jots with a quill, and his schedule for the next year was changed. Ancient Studies was a half-block class, which meant that he would only have half a free period some days, but he would fare alright. She could tell."Oh Charlus, if only you could see him now. He reminds me so much of you. James, he has your talent. He maintained a passing grade with just his wand and his wits. Lily, he is just as wonderful as you were. It is truly a crime that you all never got to see him grow up into the fine young man he is." She reminisces.

Harry ran into Hermione as he was walking back to the common room. Literally, he plowed into her as she turned the corner. She was carrying quite a stack of books, and obviously couldn't see where she was going. It was impressive, really, that she had memorized the route from the common room to the library well enough to navigate it blind, trick staircases and all. However, as Harry and she found out, her skill, while impressive, was not foolproof."Harry! Watch where you're going." She scolds, picking up her fallen books."I was trying to find you! What're you up to?""Well, I was going to drop these off at the library." She says."Oh, alright then." Harry stoops over and starts picking up books. Before she can protest, he's eased the ones in her arms out of her arms and is carrying them all. "Right, lead the way."Dumbstruck at the gesture, Hermione leads him to the library without saying anything. The books waver a few times, but Harry never actually drops them. She leads him into the library and over to the returns table. He drops the books on the low table with an audible thud, and as he leans back, she sees his wand poking out of his sleeve."That was very Slytherin of you." She says as they are walking back."What?" he asks."With the books. It was very sneaky of you to use your wand but still make it look like you were carrying them." She explains.He grins that annoying but sexy grin of his. "The hat did want me to be a Slytherin. He said I'd do very well there.""Really? I can't imagine why. You did chase after a basilisk, attack a teacher twice, and chase a werewolf. Not very cunning of you." She teases. 'Wait, sexy? What?'"Yes, so I've picked up a few bad traits from Ron. So have you." He points out."Like what?!" she demands, hands on her hips."Disregarding the rules, setting a teacher's robe on fire, calling a teacher a hag, just to name a few.""Well-" she sputters, blushing. "They all deserved it. But, I see your point. The girl I was when I came here would never have done any of those things. She would have run for an adult.""The change has been for the better, hasn't it?" Harry asks after a brief silence."I sure hope so. It feels like I've become better having grown up some. What about you, do you feel like you've become better?" she asks."Yeah. But, there's certainly a lot more I could be doing. I've taken a few steps on the path, but there's a long road ahead of me, you know?""You and me both." She admits, giving him a sideways hug. "I've got to go pack. The train leaves in the morning. You should do the same." Harry tenses under her hug for a moment, but nods in agreement."I'll see you at the feast." He promises.She walks up to her room, absently thinking of how he sought her out. Her carried her books, he talked to her, was interested in her."I think Harry may have been trying to ask me out but ran out of courage." She muses, forgetting that the dorm is fully occupied with the other girls her year."WHAT!?"Harry walked up to his dorm, musing on his own question. He was honestly worried about what he asked her. From his perspective, it seemed that he had corrupted her. She had come here, all innocent, and he had turned her into something she wasn't. By the same token, he had to admit that Ron wasn't all that great of an influence on him.Ron was a bit too interested in goofing off, and didn't put much effort at all into his studies. Harry wouldn't be too shocked if he didn't do too well on his OWLs. That said, Harry most certainly did not want to be like Hermione was around exams. She would be visiting Pomphrey a lot come OWLs, with how she handled stress: she didn't. It struck him strange how he had made friends with two extremes when it came to learning. One who couldn't get enough, and one who couldn't be bothered. Harry didn't really want to go too far to either side. There had to be a happy medium, right?As he wondered about the contrast in his friends, he absently sorted his own stuff from the rest of the dorms'. His relatives firmly believed in the 'idle hands are the devil's workshop', though the never went to a service. Get up early on a Sunday? Preposterous! Neville's things he didn't have to worry about, since Neville was quite neat and organized. Seamus and Dean were a bit of a mess, but Ron was by and far the worst. Between the three of them, stuff was everywhere. It was a stroke of luck that Harry had learned to tag his own things with a mild identification spell.It was a two-stage cast, an advanced arithmantic concept, but the example he had was simple. First you apply a potion, then a spell to seal it in. Fred and George had taught him about it during one of the Hogsmeade trips they gave up to stay with him. The potion wasn't too difficult, and could be brewed in under an hour. It had to cool for a week, but Hagrid had no problems sticking something in the snow next to his hut for a week without questioning what it was or why Harry needed it. Dreadfully naïve, but dead useful, that one. So, once the potion was done, Harry only had to drop some on each of his items. The dull grey liquid hissed as it dropped down, but sank into the item without damaging it. Then, if you cast a modified Lumos, it glowed. The best part was that the potion was customizable by the number and direction of stirs. Clockwise made it lighter, counter made it darker. While brewing, it was the same color it would glow as.Harry cast the spell and things lit up all around him. He dumped his trunk on his bedsheets and started repacking it. Cleaning out the broken quills and bits or parchment didn't seem to change a lot, but it sure looked better. Since classes were over, Harry stacked his books and cauldron in first, followed by the other things he'd collected. Hedwig's cage, his photo album. Once all of the hallmarks of the institution were packed away, Harry started chucking things in after applying a cushioning charm. It was mostly unnecessary- his clothes for instance weren't going to hurt anything. As he reached for the next thing, his fingers brushed one of his many snitches, which sprang to life and hovered above him dancing.Each snitch was carefully made so that it would bond with whomever caught it first. After every match, Harry was able to keep the snitch he caught, as it would always return to him. By now, he must have had ten or twelve. Harry, in a fit of fancy, activated all of them. He finished all of the loose clothes, piling all of the spare things that weren't his on one of the spare beds, a whole galaxy of snitches orbiting around his head the whole time.He wandered around the room with his wand glowing, searching for any wayward possessions. He found a pair of mismatched socks behind one of the beds, a rough draft of an essay he wrote last year on teacup transfiguration, and strangely enough, one of George's shirts. Very curious. He left he shirt with Ron's things, knowing that it would find its way home. Mrs. Weasley after all had been the one to first use that potion to tell the twins apart, before their pranks wore it off. They then found it themselves, and pranked her by switching constantly.As he was turning to leave, he saw a light shining from deep in Ron's trunk. He looked for anyone watching before reaching into the half closed trunk. Down at the bottom, he felt a few papers and other things. They were all in a box. He tugged it out, shaking it off when he saw what it was. It was Scabbers old cage. Down in the bottom was one of his essays, that Ron must have collected for bedding for the rat. Also in there, though he wasn't sure it was on purpose, was one of his missing socks. He pulled both things out. The essay had his name chewed off of it, very deliberately. It didn't worry him at the moment. The sock he binned. There was no need to keep it, as the rat had chewed clean through it. That or Dudley had worn it through before Harry even got it. That was the one positive Harry had- there was no shortage of clothes. Dudley grew and wore through his clothes fast enough that there was always a couple more shirts for Harry and a bin full of socks every few months.He held up the two mismatched socks for a moment, seeing if they were close enough that he could pass them off as a pair. They weren't. Even if he had been good enough with a color changing charm, the cut was different. He almost dropped them in the bin as well, but remembered someone who liked socks."Um, Dobby?" He called softly."Yes, the great Mr. Potter? Can Dobby get you anything?" the elf cried, popping into the room instantaneously."Yes. I want you to have these socks." Harry said solemnly. "I understand that I will not see you on the day that you were freed last year, since the calendar is different this year. As such, I would like you to have these as a gift in my stead. Please accept them as a humble apology for my absence.""Dobby would be honored to take these. He will visit the great Harry Potter on that day, for it was the Great Harry Potter who freed Dobby! What shall Dobby bring?" the elf replied."Er," Harry stalled. He hadn't thought this far out. " Lunch. I think a lunch would be an appropriate way to celebrate your freedom. Bring what you want to eat, and I will make it for you.""Dobby will bring the ingredients. Together, Dobby and The Great Harry Potter, Sir will make this lunch.""Right. Enjoy the socks." Harry said as Dobby faded away. "I'm so bored." He groaned, flopping onto his bed. (and not noticing that all of the paper bits and pencil shavings had vanished with the house elf). Harry wracked his brains for anything he still had left here. He had his cloak and the photo album, and the map, Hedwig would fly herself, his broom! He still had to collect his Firebolt from the Gryffindor changing rooms. He looked at the window at the clear summer day outside, perfect for flying. He grinned and dashed for the portrait. He was going flying!Outside, the weather was a touch warm for running. It wasn't bad, not too sweltering, but he was sweating by the time he reached the Gryffindor locker rooms. He quickly ducked in, casting a cooling charm as he passed through the doors. He unlocked his locker, eyeing the hanging jersey and gear. He had left it here the past two years, since it wasn't like anyone would take it. No one else had access to it. He decided the trend would continue, and pulled out only his broom.Before he walked back outside, he laid it out on the bench and preened it. He had been in such a rush during these last few games that he had forgotten to do the proper maintenance. He straightened the twigs, waxed the handle, and tightened the grip. He spit polished the gold label and ran a diagnostic charm he had learned from one of his quidditch books. The charm came back positive, which was a relief. The charms on each broomstick were rated for twenty years moderate, seven years heavy play. Since it was only months old, it should have plenty of time left before they started to fray. Still, there was no hard data on dementor exposure, and they tended to have an entropic reaction on most enchantments. Plus, he had read in quidditch quarterly that the Aurors of Azkaban swore that the brooms didn't last as long as they should. 'Better to be safe than sorry', he rationalized.Finally, Harry took his broom out, all the maintenance done. He mounted up and took off, warming up by taking a slow lap around the edge of the lake. People waved at him from below, and he waved back. The last few days, no one wanted to pick a fight and risk starting off the new year with a detention. Everyone was ready to go home and relax. He quickly became bored flying slow and threw himself into higher speed with a whoop. He started throwing in loops and dives, swirling around above the lake. He may have been showing off, but who were they to judge? He was a teenage boy; it was in his blood. He dipped down to mere inches above the lake, dragging a shoe in the calm water. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply. Tension from the nights before and from all year faded off of him. When he was flying here, there were no worries, no problems. He could take on the world, do anything.A gentle tug came on his trailing ankle, and his eyes shot open. He was nearing the shore. Looking down, he saw a tentacle winding below him retreating to the deep. The Great Squid had an excellent relationship with most of the students. Some, namely Malfoy, didn't get along with it, but most got along fine. Hagrid feeds it sometimes, and in return it helps the first years with crossing the lake, and looks after the students with one of its many eyes. It had the tentative nickname Argus, after the Greek hero of the same name, since it was always watching out for the students.Harry thanked it for wakening him, and peeled off back to the castle. Flying alone was relaxing, but not too entertaining. It was much more fun with friends. He neared the castle and slowed, not quite stopping. The doors were open; he could just fly right in. He decided to go for it, remembering Flitwick, and cruised in going a little slower than walking speed. It was like a muggle car idling in gear. The halls were very empty, and everyone gave him a wide berth. A few prefects looked unhappy, but didn't say anything. It wasn't hurting anyone, so while they disapproved, they didn't stop it. Harry wasn't really paying attention to where he was going, and drifted to the Ravenclaw tower. Standing outside the dorm was a pale girl with her wand out, concentrating very hard on something."You alright over there?' he asked, stopping the broom's motion.She stayed quiet, a bead of sweat running down her head. He almost said something when a shirt and a skirt came soaring down the hall, landing at her feet."I'm sorry, I could feel them on the other end. It took quite an effort to get them to come here. What did you say?" she asked, turning to him."I asked if you were alright." Harry said again, hopping off of his broom."Oh yes, I suppose I'm alright in the sense of the word. I'm not sick, not too tired, nor particularly hungry. Some of my things are still missing, but they'll turn up." She said absently."Your stuff is missing? Did you lose it somewhere? Can I help you look?" He asks, deciding to be helpful."My house decided that I wasn't fit for them, so they hide my things. It's not a bother. The Nargles always help me find them.""Nargles?" Harry asks."Yes, small red and gold creatures, much like pixies. They like to hide, but they know things and they'll whisper secrets to you if you listen close enough." She explains."Well, I don't know about Nargles, but what are you missing still?" He asks."Only a few things. My mother's old Herbology cloak, two scarves, a pair of panties, and my house hair pin." She replied."I can try to help." Harry said, fighting his blush."May I ride your broomstick?" she asked suddenly. Before he could reply, she mounted the wood and shot up; snatching a pair of pink somethings Harry didn't look closely at from the ceiling corner. "Thank you." She said, handing him his broomstick. "The rest is probably up in the eaves as well. I'll find my way up there somehow. You don't have to help me.""Nonsense," Harry started, his gryffindoorish tendencies shining through, "we'll find them. Hop on." He climbed back on his broom and got her to sit behind him. "Point if you see anything." He instructed, "and hold tight." He shot up quickly. Luna let out a light squeal at the sudden jerk."Careful back there." Harry warned."I'm alright, just a little surprised. Keep going." She said in his ear. He shot off, tracking along the top of the halls. They found one scarf by the Hufflepuff dorms, and the other by the Owlery. There wasn't anything near Slytherin or Gryffindor, nor in any of the academic hallways. Once in the great hall they struck pay dirt. Up in the roof, near the corner, her cloak was stashed. She let out a squeal of delight. Harry celebrated by doing a quick loop in the air, buzzing the still empty house tables. His seeker eyes saw something in the other corner, and he shot over. There was a recessed cubbyhole in the wall, which she reached into. She pulled out her pin and a compass looking thing on a leather chord. She was so excited at finding all of it, since her mother's pin had been missing since first year, she leaned forward and kissed his cheek."Thank you so much!" she said, hugging him tightly."It was no problem, er-""Luna. Luna Lovegood." She said.McGonagall scoffed and looked at the other professor. "I still say it will be Miss Granger in the end." Flitwick only smirked.

"Well, Luna, what's next?" Harry asked, nudging his broomstick away from the wall."I think we found it all! Thank you so much, Harry!" Luna squeals, hugging him again. "Now, I've got to run off and say goodbye to the threstals. They get lonely over the long summers with no one to play with.""Alright." Harry says, sending the duo to the floor of the Great Hall. "Here's your stop.""Remember to owl!" Luna calls over her shoulder as she skips off towards the grounds.Harry shakes his head at her antics and glides off, diving out of the great hall and whirling down the corridors."HARRY JAMES POTTER!" The smile slides from his face as he pales. His magic calls his broom to a halt in midair, freezing in place. "You've been out of the infirmary for magical exhaustion and trauma, for less than 12 hours, and now you're flying through the school? Doing stunts? Helping Looney Lovegood?"Before he can stop it, his mouth is moving. "Hey! Don't call her that. Her name is Luna, and she's my friend!" His remark stalls hurricane Hermione for a moment, but only just."Fine then." She takes a breath, "I'm sorry I called her that. Of all people, I should know what things like that are like." She looks back up and her eyes flash at him. "Still, you've still been cavorting about and acting like an idiot. Come down from there. I bet you're not even packed yet…" Hermione says, whirling back from the bannister and towards the tower. Harry lands and catches up to her before she makes it to the portrait."Flying in the castle might have been pushing it. But, just so you know, I am packed. Just my broom and bed things to pack tomorrow morning." Harry lets the silence rest while they walk. Hermione breaks it right before the Fat Lady."I just don't want to see you hurt. Not so soon after this past time. It happens every year, Harry. Every year. I keep hoping it won't, but it does. And you keep jumping back into it! I had hoped, after first year, you were done. I guess last year you had no real choice, but Harry! You've got to stop nearly dying. Promise me that you'll stay safe next year? Promise me." She demands, her anger changing to worry."I promise Hermione, that I won't go looking for trouble. I can't promise that I'll be safe, since with my luck, I'm destined to hunt down a clan of vampires and their sire is just now finding out who I am and where I go to school. They'll all be here next year, wanting to turn me or kill me." Harry jokes."Oh, alright. Just stop acting like it's you against the world." She nudges his arm, "you've got friends who care. Don't forget about us."Harry shoots her a smile and she turns to open the portrait but looks back. "If you want my runes book to borrow over the summer..""Yes! I'd love to look it over. Thank you!" Harry says."Give me half an hour to pack up the last of my things and I'll bring it to the common room." Hermione says."I'm just going to pack my broom away and then I'll be down."Harry ran and did just that, but stopped before heading back down the stairs, eyeing the mess that the Gryffindor boys third year dorm was. Neither Seamus, nor Dean had started packing up, and Ron's possessions were still scattered, though he would be going home tonight, rather than on the train. Mrs. Weasley wanted him home due to his leg, so a house elf should be collecting his things before too long. Harry, pretty sure Hermione didn't need to see anyone's underwear, but not particularly wanting to deal with it himself, sat on the edge of his bed and started identifying whose things where whose.Those socks were Seamus' and that hat was Dean's. That's probably Ron's shoes, given the patches. That has to be Dean's sneaker, he's the only one with muggle footwear besides me in the dorm.Harry, used to cleaning up after people, but also not wanting to invade on their space, was caught in a dilemma. Suddenly, an idea popped into his head. The banishing charm! He scrambled to find the charm in his textbook and quickly read through the instructions. It didn't look too hard."Depulso." Harry said, flicking his wand at a sock. Nothing happened."Depulso!" He cried again. This time the sock rocked.Harry took a few breaths and squared his shoulders. "Depulso." He said, calmly, watching the sock fly over to Dean's bed in his mind. To his slight shock, the sock did just that, rolling like he had kicked it over to the bedpost. He smiled and found the sock's mate. "Depulso."Hermione finishes her packing and went back to the common room. She fully expected Harry to be sitting on one of the couches, looking bored, but he was nowhere to be found."You looking for Potter?" Katie called out, seeing Hermione looking around. "He's up in his dorm.""Just be careful- he is a teenage boy." Angelina follows."What's that supposed to mean?' Hermione asks."You can't not kn-" Katie starts to say"She can find out for herself." Angelina interrupts, poking her wand at the gobstones board."Ange!" Katie shrieked, covered in the squirt. "No fair, I was distracted!""Serves you right." Angelina says, poking her tongue out.Hermione understood that she was no longer party to their game and headed up the staircase. Taking Angelia's words to heart, she knocked on the door to the Third Year Boys dorm."Harry?" she asked, poking her head in. Her jaw nearly dropped at the sight, and it took her a moment to figure out what exactly was happening. Harry was sitting on her bed, waving his wand around, conducting nearly every piece of discarded mess to fly somewhere."Hey Hermione." He called out, sending a stream of candy wrappers to the rubbish bin."Harry! What are you- this is amazing!" Hermione exclaimed, ducking under a shirt whizzing towards Ron's bed. "How are you doing this?" She asks, settling down next to Harry on his bed."I was bored, so I started practicing the banishing charm-""That's a fourth-year charm!" Hermione interjects."-and it was good, but I wondered if I could do better by combining it with the old wingar levio, and here we are." With a few finals flicks, Harry sends the last of the clutter to its respective owners and lets the magic fall from the air."Harry, this is incredible! Combining active charms is no easy feat! What gave you the idea that this was even possible?""Earlier, I saw professor Flitwick doing something similar to this. So, I knew it was possible. After that, it was just figuring out how." He explains."This is why you're a better wizard than me, because you ask your magic to do something, and it just does. It finds a way. Me, I have to give it step by step instructions. Like a program, and if I can't fill every step, it doesn't work.""I don't know, Hermione. I guess we're just wired differently? Does everyone have a different feel to their magic? Or are there groups or types?" Harry muses.Hermione gives him a sideways look before smacking his arm. "I don't know who you are but give me my Harry back, and take this Ravenclaw away from me." She teases.Harry laughs and sets his wand down, "Fine, fine. You have the book?""Right here." Hermione says, passing it over."You think Ron will forgive me for abandoning him?" harry asks."He should!" Hermione says immediately, before her brain starts wondering. Their eyes meet, and they read each other's expressions of disbelief."I guess I'm just going to have to take my luck. Can't even break it to him on the train." Harry says."Well," Hermione starts, "He's not that good of a friend to you, is he?""Ron was my fist friend, Hermione. He was with me from the start. Dirt on his nose and everything.""He did sacrifice himself on the chess board.""And he went with me into the chamber." Harry adds."But the potion last year, with my accident.""He also didn't really do anything to help you recover. Did he even greet you when you woke up?""Not really. Nothing more than normal, I think. All I really remember of coming back was that hug you gave me.' Hermione admits."and the whole Crookshanks and Scabbers mess." Harry adds."Plus the Firebolt." Hermione says."No, that isn't on him. That is on you." Harry says firmly."Me?! He completely blew up over it-neither of you talked to me for weeks!" Hermione shouts."But you took it from me. Straight to a teacher without even asking." Harry says. "It's one thing to care about someone, Hermione, and want to protect them. But I'm my own person. Yes, it could have been a danger. But you needed to ask me first. For your information, I wasn't going to ride it that day. I was actually going to ask Remus and Dumbledore about it first. Gifts like that shouldn't happen. It was something so out of the norm.""But, but I-""You acted without considering me. You went around me about something that needed to be discussed- for heaven's sake Hermione, you didn't even mention it might be cursed until you were leading McGonagall and Flitwick! It completely blindsided Ron and I!""It was still for your own good." She says petulantly."Hermione, just because it's for my own good doesn't mean I don't have a say. I'm allowed to think for myself, to make decisions for myself. I forgave you for it, but next time, you need to ask me about it first, or at the very least bring up your concerns. If you think I'm being unreasonable, then sure. But ask." Hermione seems to get it after that, and she leaves the dorm room quietly. She thinks about what he said as she continues packing, and even more as she's trying to fall asleep. As much as she doesn't like it, he had a point. She did kind of assume what he was going to do and overreacted. But it was for his own safety.The next day, it's onto the Hogwarts Express. Everything packed away (and far earlier than expected for Harry's dormmates), everyone fed and watered, as Dumbledore calls it, everyone all set to enjoy their summer. Hermione and Harry manage to grab their usual compartment, and some friends stop by, but no one joins them for long. Both children are preparing to return to a world without magic, going back to mundane matters and concerns. No Voldemort or tests or essays, just summer and other children and heat and chores.Harry's mind is on how to tell Vernon that he this should be the last summer, that as long as he had enough free time to get his things in order, Harry would be leaving in the autumn and never coming back. He also had a small pile of things to address, some of which were time sensitive. Like the wards. Others, like his inheritance, he'll just have to wait on.Hermione is making lists. One for Harry's behavior and health, to be brought up to her parents. One for her muggle subjects, as she is trying, at least so far, to get her A levels as well as her NEWTS. And finally, one for the carefully doctored stories she can tell her parents about the past year away from them. 'How to explain werewolves and time travel and laying out Draco Malfoy…'While both of them are comfortable to sit in silence and plan out their futures, their next visitor, however, is not."If it isn't Potter and the Mudblood. Enjoying the ride? If my father has anything to say about it, neither of you will be returning. He's passing a new resolution that will put in place guidelines as to who gets to come back. I'm afraid only the best can attend." Malfoy sneers."In that case, have fun, as we will not be seeing you again. Only the best? I'm afraid that Hermione here is second in our year, and I'm not too far behind her. You however, are in the bottom half, and your bookends are the final two. So, if Daddy's resolution passes, we will be returning, and you will not." Harry responds."You're lying! I'm in the top 20 of our class, Professor Snape told me so. You're both in the 80's. and your oaf of a friend is even lower. I guess poverty really hurts the academics. Too worried about his next meal to study."Harry tenses suddenly, paying Malfoy no mind. Something feels horribly wrong, but Harry can't tell what. "Quiet Malfoy!" He hisses, concentrating and drawing his wand."What are you going to do with that, Potter?" Draco sneers, drawing his own wand. "My father would love if you-" Harry steps forward and clamps a hand over Malfoy's mouth."Can you feel that?" He asks, a shiver running through his body.Hermione draws her wand as well. "It feels like a dementor.""Everyone get back, this doesn't feel right." Harry warns. His head whips around at Hermione's shriek. The window has frost swirling along it, water dripping from the ceiling. Steam is hissing from the lock, and the metal of the wall creaks. A skeletal hand scratches at the window, and Harry can hear screaming. The hands fall back for a moment before a flash of green shoots across Harry's vision and the room goes dark. Harry struggles to stay in the here and now and not drown in the memory as the dementor covers the window, its cloak sucking away all light. Momentarily defeated, it lunges at the wall, trying to break the window. The carriage rocks from the impact. A gaping maw passes by the window, nubs of teeth scratching on the glass. The frost has long since disappeared, all moisture frozen out of the air. A crack splits through the carriage, as the glass starts to fracture from the intense cold. Harry knew that if that glass breaks, the dementor will ooze inside and take them all. He can't let that happen. He can't. The cracks spread and grow, jagged lines growing closer to each other and the edges. It wouldn't be long now."Hermione get the others back. I think I've got something." Harry said, glancing back at his worried friend."Scarhead, what are you going to do! You'll be kissed!" Draco shouts as he runs away."Yeah, I'm working on that." Harry turns back. The glass was at breaking point! Any second now it would shatter and—Crash! The glass breaks inwards, and Harry ducks the spray. The dementor fluctuates for a moment before pushing its way in. Harry steps back, and back again. Retreating. He doesn't know what to do, but he has to do something. His chest hurts, and his gut roils as something in his reacts like it never has before. He takes another step back, trying to buy time. The Dementor lunges with a loud screech, the train pitches, and everything goes flying.Harry's head pounds. He blinks his eyes open, fighting the lead feeling of his eyelids and thankful that he has no need for glasses once more. He shoves part of the carriage off himself and stands, using the rubble to lean on."Hello? Anyone?" he calls out. A muffled scream comes from a wrecked car, and Harry rushes over. He yanks the door open to see a dementor looming over Luna and Hermione. He doesn't stop, he doesn't think, for the first time in a long time Harry simply reacts.He reaches out and grabs the dementor's cloak. Whipping it back, away from the girls, and throwing it clear across the wreck. Then, Harry grimaces and reaches within himself, before stretching out. Something wells up inside of him, surges just under his skin. The dementor shoot forwards at him, claws and maw outstretched. As it nears, gaping maw ready to suck out his soul, Harry winds back and clocks it. The moment he connects, there's a flash of light.ZAP!Blinking his eyes at the flash of light, Harry prays that he had done something right for once. On the ground is the dementor, convulsing as arcs of current sparked between its cloak and bony fingers."Harry!" A shriek tears the air and he whirls around to see another one rushing him. Just like before, he claws at something inside of him and goes to punch it away. This time his fist doesn't even reach the cloak before a bright arc of blue lighting discharges from his fist and sizzles through the dementor. It collapses to the ground, smoke rising off its body. Sensing something amiss, he whirls around to see the first one starting to get back up. Still running on instinct, Harry grabs it by the cloak and reaches into the maw. His fingers clasp on something and he pulls, sparks bleeding from his fingers as he drags a skull out from beneath the cloak. The moment the skull is out of the cloth, the cloth turns to dust and blows away, leaving only a skull clutched in Harry's hand.Loud pops come from all around as people start appearing, but Harry suddenly feels the drain and falls to his knees. He leans against some wreckage and closes his eyes, his last thought bouncing around, 'What the hell did I just do?'

"My dear boy, we really must stop meeting like this." The voice comes from a portly man walking toward where Harry is sitting on a conjured cot in a tent. It takes him a moment to place the man, and he moves to stand for the minister of magic before the man in questions waves him back down."Minister Fudge, sir." Harry says motioning with his half-eaten chocolate bar. "What happened?""Well, we have a few ideas, but why don't you give me your account of the events?" Fudge says."Okay. Well, it started when Malfoy barged into our carriage. Draco, that is. He was mouthing off about his father again, some nonsense about them changing Hogwarts regulations when something felt wrong. I don't know how to explain it, but I knew something was off. I shushed Malfoy and tried to find out, only to realize there was something outside the carriage. It was a dementor trying to break in! I couldn't concentrate enough for a Patronus, so I tried to buy space but it was breaking through."Fudge pulled a junior Auror over to take notes, and for a few moments the scratching of a quill was all that was heard. "and then?""I pushed everyone back and was trying to figure out what to do when the window broke. The dementor oozed in and was about to do something when... well, the train spun and crashed, I guess. I blacked out and woke up under some debris. Once I worked my way out of the rubble, I heard screaming. I ran over and found the dementor ready to kiss Hermione and Luna! Something came over me and I grabbed its cloak and yanked it away from them. It recovered and rushed at me and I, er, I punched it.""You punched it?" Fudge asks."Yes, sir.""You punched a dementor." The Junior Auror asks, quill dripping ink onto the grass, staring at him in disbelief."I don't know what came over me, but yes, I punched a dementor.""Do continue." Fudge says gleefully."When I hit it there was a flash of light and it flew back. Hermione screamed and there was another one flying at me.""I suppose you punched it too." The Junior Auror sneers."Yes, I did. It flew back sizzling. By this time the first one was getting back up, so I grabbed it and reached into its hood. I grabbed something and yanked it out. It was a skull. Once the skull was out the cloak just withered away. Then I grew really tired and well," Harry shrugs, "you all showed up.""That's quite a story." Fudge says. "Let me tell you what we've figured out. This afternoon, as the dementors that were guarding Hogwarts were traveling back to Azkaban, two went rogue. They made a beeline for the Hogwarts express. One attacked the conductor of the train, while the other appears to have sought you out. It's attempt to kiss you was foiled by the conductor's body losing control of the train after he was kissed. After that, they both were seen to be attacking you. Based on witness accounts, you indeed fought with the dementors and killed one.""You can't kill a dementor!" The Junior Auror shouts.The Minister reached down and picked something up, holding it out to Harry. "This is yours, Mr. Potter. If you'd like to show the young man?" Harry grabs the skull and holds it up."Mr. Auror, the skull of a dementor. Perhaps it's just my luck, but dementors can be killed." The junior Auror goes cross-eyed for a moment staring at the skull before furiously writing."anything else?" Harry asks."Nothing on my end." The junior Auror says walking away after having them both to sign the account for accuracy."I suppose you'd like to be headed home, wouldn't you?" The minister asks, breaking the moment and waving his wand. The sound floods back in as the bubble of silence is removed. All around Harry are other students having their statements taken or being attended to."Yes sir.""Good." The minister says, tugging Harry up and leading him out of the tent with a hand on his shoulder. Outside, Harry can see the damage. The Hogwarts express is sprawled all over a hill, cars tossed about like Dudley's train set when he was 8. Carriages overturned, sides ripped open and wreckage strewn about. Parts of seats and bits of wall embedded in the loam."It doesn't look good does it?" The Minister said."No." Harry agrees."The Auror team who responded said it looked like one of the old death eater attacks. Thankfully no one was seriously harmed in the crash. Scrapes and cuts, a few broken bones, but no dismemberments or fatalities." The minister says conveniently forgetting the conductor who did not survive.Harry pales thinking about one of his friends getting hurt."Ah, here we are, the luggage car." Fudge announces, drawing his wand. "Don't get to do this often." He winks."Accio Mr. Potter's Luggage!" From within the pile of trunks, once so carefully sorted and packed by the Hogwarts elves, Harry's trunk comes flying out. Surprisingly, a small rucksack flies out of the car as well. The trunk lands at the Minister's feet with a quiet whumph, but Harry catches the rucksack in one hand."Nice seeker reflexes," the minister compliments, before noting Harry's expression, "Not yours? It happens sometimes. I'm a little out of practice I'm afraid. Just toss it back.""It- it says James on it." Harry whispers."Does it now? Marvelous. It is yours after all." They stand for a moment before the minister urges them on, "Let's be on our way now, still students to sort out." The Minister leads Harry back towards the tents, where Aurors and mediwitches mill about, interviewing students before releasing them to their families."Scrimgeour!" Fudge calls out, causing a lanky man in sharp robes to turn from the Aurors he was instructing, "Can you spare someone to see Mr. Potter home?""Tonks." The tall man barks, before turning back.A young woman with bright pink hair peels out of the group and approaches the duo."Wotcher! I'll get him home safe, Minister Fudge. Auror's honor!" She says, casually tripping and recovering her balance during the short walk on completely level ground."Right." The minister says slowly, hesitant to hand The-Boy-Who-Lived off to this… recruit. He still passes Harry off, releasing his spell on Harry's trunk. He thinks to look back, but then spies a pair of acid green glasses, "Ah! Rita! Imagine seeing you here!" He shouts, rushing off."I see why mom refuses to vote for him." Tonks says, watching the overweight man run off, one hand clamped on his bowler to prevent it from blowing away or simply falling off. Quibbler theorized once that he's really just a rat in a suit held together by magic, and that the rat lives under that bowler." She turns to see harry standing there, "Right, you definitely did not hear that from me, yeah? Not really supposed to read the quib anymore." Harry nods once, still trying to get a measure of this strange lady."So, I'm guessing you've never apparated before?" She asks, taking his blank look for confirmation. "Right, listen up. I'm going to give you the same advice my dad gave me." After seeing him nod, she continues, her hair unconsciously shifting to short brown and wavy. "apparition is a method of travel in which a wizard squeezes themselves through the space between spaces, traveling quickly from one place to another. For first timers, like you, take a deep breath and hold it. It passes in an instant. Please keep all hands, feet, arms, legs, heads, and other appendages inside the bubble. Are you ready?""I guess so?" Harry says nervously.Tonks wrinkles her nose. "Some brave Gryffindor you are." Before Harry can respond she grabs his arm. He quickly sucks in a deep breath and with a sharp snap they're gone.They reappear outside a café in Surrey, the crowd parting around them without noticing."Still got everything? Fingers, toes, ears, nose? Spleen? Saw a guy who splinched his left kidney once- nasty business that was." Tonks says."I think so." Harry says, patting himself down."So, we're both lucky Scrimgeour doesn't like me all that much. Saves me the trip of having to find you and you of having some strange lady barge in. I'm Tonks, Auror recruit and technically your second cousin either twice or three times removed, can't remember which. You are the boy who lived, and my mum's last hope of recapturing the black family magics.""Your Mum is Andromeda?" Harry asks."You sure you're not a Ravenclaw? How'd you know that? Lucky guess?""Professor Lupin told me a bit about things after Sirius' death." Harry admits."Cool." Tonks says, bobbing her head. "Want some lunch? I'll buy."Eager to dodge his relatives for as long as he can, and still shaken from the train, Harry agrees.Tonks taps the trunk, "Notice-me-not. Come on in."Harry follows her in, sliding into the seat across from her at the booth and taking a menu."Order whatever, Mom's paying for it." Tonks says, browsing her own menu.They order and when the waitress disappears Tonks leans closer, giver her wand a discreet twirl."Harry. So I told you that we're cousins. My mom's mom and Sirius's mom were sisters, yada-yada pureblood nonsense, interbreeding, you and he were cousins. By nature of that, so are we."She take aa bite of her sandwich, "Now, with Sirius' recent departure from the land of the living, things have started waking up in the Black Family. The Family magics are loose and open for claim. My mom is going to submit a claim for them, but she doesn't expect it to work. She's the oldest eligible child but was also cast out. Her sister has the greatest claim, but since she's rotting in azkaban, she will not be vying for the magics. Her other sister, Narcissa Malfoy, has the smallest claim on her own, but her son has a good grasp. The Black family operates through patrilineal primacy. It falls to sons before daughters. So, Draco has a solid claim, which is bad news. Good news, there is someone else who might have a better claim.""Who?" Harry asks, wiping some sauce from his mouth."You silly." Tonks says, stealing a chip from Harry."Me?""Yeah, the family tapestry, please don't ask, has you linked to Siri. Given he was the previous heir, and that he held the magics until his death, you might have the better claim. Of course, you're in the process of being claimed by the Potter Magics, so the Black might turn its nose up at the smell of maturing wizard.""Slow, slow down. I'm being claimed? I'm tied to Sirius? Just tell me like you would a first year.""That was my explain-to-a-first-year explanation." Tonks says, leaning back. She sits for a moment thinking, before engaging Harry again."At its most basic, you're being claimed as a Potter by your magic. That's in your blood, it's happening, there is literally nothing you can do to stop it without dying, which isn't even a guarantee. As it stands, you could also inherit the Black family magic, because you're somehow connected to Sirius. However, since you are not a full Black by blood, you have to submit a magical claim. Given the main line is dead, anyone who wants to inherit the magics will have to submit a claim. According to my mother, you and Draco Malfoy stand the best chance in Britain at claiming them. We would rather have you hold the family head than the spawn of Lucius Malfoy. I'm here to feel out what we need to do to get you to submit a claim. You are, after all, technically Head of House Potter, even if House Potter is but one room, so to speak.""I'm what?""Head of House Potter. Course, it isn't much of a house. It's got one kid wizard, and one house elf right now. You might be looking to reconstruct, per say, but be careful. Most of them only want you for your fame." Her eyebrows waggle. Literally, wave back and forth on her head like they are alive. It's quite creepy."No, no, I don't want this. I don't want to be anyone. I'm just Harry. No House Potter. No Black heir. No, boy-who-lived. This was supposed to be my year to figure things out. Not be thrust into yet another mess! I wan to be Harry! Not the boy-who-lived, not head of house, not heir, just-""Harry." Tonks finishes with a sad smile. "I wish you could be just Harry, I really do. But besides you being the Boy-Who-Survived, you're also the last of your line. You were never going to be 'Just Harry', even if He-who-must-not-be-named hadn't happened. Sorry, but that's the way it is. Maybe if your parents had continued being randy, you'd have siblings who could take the pressure of, but that may or may not have ever happened. So, you have to accept this. You are all of those things, regardless of what you want.""Alright. Give me a few to adjust. I'm just, I" He sighs and runs a hand through his hair. "I never wanted any of this. I just wanted to go to school, to learn and grow up and-""Hey, I understand." At his look of disbelief, she shakes her head, checking to see if anyone is watching. "I really do. She meets his eyes and slowly her face shifts to mirror his, scar and all. "I'm a metamorphmagus. It means I can change my appearance at will. The talent manifested my second year. It made the rest of my time at Hogwarts hell. When I was sorted, I just wanted to be like my mom. Work hard, graduate well, get an apprenticeship and join a solid career. Then this happened. With so much wild magic, I can't do potions. I mess them up by being nearby. So, suddenly I couldn't be a healer or a potions mistress. I'm pants at arguing, so I can't follow my dad. It was only by luck that I caught the eye of Mad-eye and he got me into the academy. I know what it's like to want to be 'just somebody'. Only, life doesn't work that way. We have to be who we are. We can't run away."She shifts back to her normal appearance and focuses on her chips, giving Harry a moment to digest her spiel."Alright." He says after a moment."Wat?" She asks through a mouthful of chips."I'll do it.""You will!" She swallows, excitement turning her hair spiky."Yeah. But, I want some things." He says."I'm not supposed to negotiate this, but okay, what do you want?" She replies, pulling out a notepad and snagging a pen off of a nearby table."I want someone to help me understand what all of this house business is and what I'm getting myself into. I want someone to teach me what I should have known going into Hogwarts- all of the little stuff that no one thinks about. For instance, what magical people do, how wizarding society works, why we have such a bizarre monetary system, what is important for what jobs. How does flooing work?"Tonks laughs as she pays and they leave, "I'm pretty sure we can do all of that bar one. No one knows why we have such a strange money system. If you figure it out, publish. You'll make enough money that you can change it to whatever you want it to be. I'll talk to mom, and let you know what she says. Expect an owl within the week.""Wait! Professor McGonagall told me something about a mail redirection ward on me."Tonks frowns. "That makes this more difficult.""I'm working on figuring it out. For now," Harry closes his eyes and concentrates. He holds out an arm and Hedwig lands on his shoulder gingerly. "for now, call for Hedwig when you need to send something. She'll take it." The Snowy owl eyes Tonks and starts preening Harry's hair possessively."As long as she won't bite me." Tonks says."She'll behave." Harry says. "Won't you girl?" he scratches her breast with a finger.prek."Within the week. See ya Sparky!" Tonks calls out, disapparating with a crack."Sparky?" Harry asks to the now empty air, before grabbing his trunk and starting the walk back to 4 Privet drive.

To Harry, 4 Privet Drive looked the same as always. Immaculate lawn and car, everything in perfect order. The Dursleys put so much effort into being 'normal' that they never realized that their efforts made them quite abnormal. Harry almost rang the doorbell, but, seeing as he had grown up here, he just let himself in.That proved to be the only thing that gave him a chance. The front door caught Vernon in the chest, pushing him back from where he had been crouched ready to ambush the returning teen. Dudley was quick to recover, and his fist flew straight into Harry's face, where something crunched. Harry stumbled backwards; one hand flying up to check on the broken nose, the other outstretched to catch him as he fell back, his knees hitting the front of his weighty trunk. Blood dripped between his fingers onto his shirt as he fell. Dudley, taking another swing, missed the falling mage and spun out, catching the edge of the trunk and flying into the grass.By this time, Vernon had recovered and lunged forward, having had long practice dealing with his weight and how unwieldy it made him. He got a quick grab on Harry's arm and shook the boy like a rat, his other fist plunging into Harry's face and side. Harry scratched and clawed to get out of the hold. One lucky swing caught Vernon's open mouth and yanked on the man's cheek. Vernon, not appreciating the attack on his jaw, threw Harry to the ground."No good- Rotten- Son of a-!" He yelled, massaging his bleeding face. Petunia peeked from behind the curtains, eyes glued to the fight, but also scanning for the neighbors. Harry rolled back as Dudley, having recovered, attempted to slam into him. He leapt to his feet and almost drew his wand. He then remembered what had happened last time he had used magic on his family. No need to get Auror Tonks in trouble with the minister. Plus, as he saw out of the corner of his eyes, too many witnesses. From the neighboring houses, the looks grew less and less hidden and more overt. Some of the people looked worried, while others looked more entertained than concerned. It was a good metric of Harry's public opinion on Privet Drive, the number of people who cared to watch, versus caring to make sure no one was hurt. Of course, whether or not the concerned looks were for him or his Uncle though, Harry couldn't tell.Instead of casting something, Harry physically launched himself back into the fray. Not expecting the boy, they had beaten down for the past decade to go on the attack, they were completely flat-footed. Harry's fist sent Dudley's head snapping back. Anger setting in, the boy whirled past Dudders and sized up Vernon. Vernon, who easily had 6 stone on him, was big, strong, and angry. Harry very much felt like a hippogriff facing a dragon. Vernon started punching at Harry, who did his best to dodge out of reach and avoid his uncles' wild swings, while looking for an opening.Harry ducked a particularly wild swing got his chance. With all his force, he stomped on the side of Vernon's knee. The joint, after so many years of carrying more than the recommended load, gave like a cheap folding table. Vernon collapsed as his other knee buckled under the strain. The damaged knee was hypertortioned, the leg obviously in a bad way, removing him from the fight. Before Harry could celebrate disabling the more powerful opponent, Dudley pounced.The dance around the yard Vernon put him through had given Dudley plenty of time to recover. The rotund mass of spoilt brat hit Harry like a demolition ball, sending them both to the ground. Dudley had the upper hand, landing on the smaller boy. His meaty fists rained down on Harry, whose arms were pinned by Dudley's bulk."Dudders! Stop! Why?" Harry coughs out, trying to pull an arm out."Dunno. But Dad said you deserve it." Dudley wheezed with rancid breath in Harry's face. His own face was blotchy and red, panting from the exertion of beating on someone.Harry gets a knee free and levered enough of Dudley off to get his arm free. Harry snapped an elbow into Dudley's face, catching the eye socket, and kicked his way free as the boy rolled over."Screw you." Harry spat, grabbing his trunk and storming into the house, leaving two groaning men in the yard. Petunia, he notices, has vanished. Harry doesn't bother unpacking, just drops his trunk off in his room and starts patching himself up in the bathroom mirror. When he is cleaned up, he gets a glass of water from the tap and sits at the kitchen table, not looking at either Vernon or Dudley, who Petunia is fussing over."The police will be here any minute, boy." Vernon snarls, holding an icepack on his knee."Good." Harry snarls back. "By the way, this was going to be the last month you had to put up with me. Was, because I doubt things will go as well with all of this mess.""You mean we would have been rid of you?" Dudley asks."Good job, Uncle." Harry says dryly.True to form, the police do show up after a few minutes. Petunia answers the door."Ma'am, Sir." The officer says, flipping open his notebook. "We received a few calls about the incident. From what we gathered, Harry here came home from school and you attacked him. We understand that he is a difficult boy, with some reporting that he is a criminal. He got the upper hand in the fight and stormed into the house. Does that sound right?""The boy is a delinquent. I take a firm hand to keep him on the straight and narrow. He's a thief and a bully, and I do my best. He attacked me, and I confess I did push him into the yard." Vernon says. "Didn't want him busting up the walls again.""Yes, we noticed the nailed-up mail slot. We also have a report of a former fire hazard. Something about a window being barred from the outside without access. We didn't see anything, but the report is in the record.""He was sneaking out at night. We had to stop him. Didn't want him bringing any hooligans home.""Hooligans such as Piers Polkiss?""Piers isn't no hooligan!" Dudley shouts. The officer stops to jot down a few notes."Moving on. You say the boy was returning from school?""Yes officer.""Which school would that be? Your neighbor said he attends a, " he consults his notes, "St. Brutus Center for Incurably Criminal Boys. We find that a little strange, because St. Brutus Center does not exist. Furthermore, Mr. Potter does not have a record, past a mediocre report card. Poor scholarship isn't a crime, or I'd never have become an officer. Well?""Mr. Potter attends a rather private boarding school as a legacy of his parents. Sorry I'm late. I'm inspector Proudfoot, from central office. We were planning to contact him soon in regard to the escaped convict Sirius Black. Mr. Potter here reported a sighting last August, and we are pleased to announce that the matter has been closed.""When was this, boy?" Vernon asks."last August. Right around, err…" He pauses."Well? Spit it out." Vernon barks."Right around the time you kicked me out for Aunt Marge." Harry admits."You blew up at her!" Vernon shouts."She called my mother a bitch!" Harry shouts back "And set her dog on me!""Now listen here you-" Vernon starts, before the officer coughs discreetly."No, do go on. This is good information to have.""His school started the next few days. He just went a little early, that's all.""No, it did not!" Proudfoot interjects. "He was contacting his school when he spotted Mr. Black. His school didn't start for 2 more weeks when you threw him out. Mr. Potter was almost distraught, worrying about where he would be staying and then seeing the escaped murderer." She tsks."Alright, I've got all I need. You, Mr. Dursley, will likely be hearing from us again with further questions. As for the current incident, there are no grounds to remove Mr. Potter for either his or your safety. That said, a repeat of today's incident will almost definitely result in charges. I suggest you keep it quiet and peaceful for the summer. Mr. Potter, a word." The officer states.Harry follows the officer to the front door. "Sir?""Harry, I don't know what has been going on here, but it doesn't feel right to me. Most of the calls we got from your neighbors told us you were a wild and vicious teenager, who brutally attacked your family. The evidence says otherwise. Your trunk left marks in the grass where you fell over it, meaning you were outside when the fight began. Your uncle lied to me. With the other reports and inconsistencies, I'm going to see if I can get a patrol car to swing by every so often. You don't need to do or say anything. But, if you need us, we are there." The officer tips his hat and walks to the door, "Have a good day, Mr. Potter."Inspector Proudfoot follows close behind, but lingers long enough to whisper, "Hang in there Sparky," with a wink.He nearly shouts "Tonks!?" but swallows it down."Boy! Get in here." Vernon yells."Yes, Uncle?" Harry says defensively."Before all this hubbub, Pet and I were going on vacation. Now, we're taking Dudley too. This place had better be in one piece when we return, you hear me! I would lock you in the cupboard for what you did today, but those ruddy coppers will be by and if they don't see you, they'll poke their noses more. We'll return in two weeks."The next morning, the Dursleys left in a rush of bags and stern warnings. Of course, they made him load their luggage in the boot of the car, and of course he had to make their breakfast. But by 10 o'clock, they were gone. The house was empty. Harry immediately started the on the list of chores they left him. Since the majority of the list was cleaning every surface and room in the house, he started in the living room and worked outward, draping sheets over everything as he went. He took a short break for lunch, almost being done with the formal dining room. Midafternoon, it started to storm. The rain set in gently at first but picked up sharply. Staccato drops beat down on the roof and rattled against the windows, the plants in Petunia's garden swaying and bouncing under the deluge. The wind started as well, blowing the trees back and forth.Harry had just finished cleaning up Dudley's room when the storm really broke. Lighting flashed and thunder roared shaking the home as the full fury of mother nature burst over the town. Giant forks of lighting leapt from cloud to ground to cloud to trees. The rumble of thunder was like a pack of tigers all snarling at once. Small splats came from the windows as leaves and other debris were thrown against them. The pristine yard turned into a mud puddle, the gutters overflowing and the ditch in the front yard spilling into the street. Trees creaked and groaned as they were tested to their limits by the pounding elements. Harry decided enough had been done for the day when the lights flickered a few times."No sense in blowing out the vacuum if the power goes out," he thought to himself, winding up the cord. Harry made a kettle of tea and took a seat in the kitchen, watching the rain outside the window.It was strange, but the storm, despite being so violent and sudden, was calming Harry down. There was just something about the rush of water, the simple but powerful nature of the wind and the rain that set him at ease. The dull rush of water, pouring over the stone, off the trees, bouncing from the roof, pulling everything that didn't belong away. It was a reckless and frenetic cleaning, a rough scouring of anything that wasn't securely attached. Outside, a trampoline rolled past, having been pulled from someone's yard. Harry watched it hop the fence, curve around Petunia's roses, and out the other side of the back yard. It was in the midst of this calm and peace that a knocking came at the front door.Harry went and checked the door, careful to leave it locked less it be some reprobate. Much to his shock, it was Hermione!"Hermione? What are you doing here? Come in, come in." Harry says quickly, throwing the door open for his soaked friend. Her shoes squish as she steps in, and he is quick to take her jacket and hang it up in the kitchen, where it won't drip on the floors."Hello, Harry. Some weather we're having. It's got all the meteorologists puzzled; the thing blew up out of nowhere!" She says, peeling off her shoes, which Harry lays in the empty dish drying rack."Not that I don't appreciate seeing you, but what brings you here?" Harry asks, leading her to the kitchen and pouring her a cup of tea."Thank you, Harry" she says automatically, wrapping her hands round the cup. "Harry! What happened to your nose? Was it part of the crash?" she gasps, reaching up to check for herself.Harry bats her hands away, "No, Dudley just got in a good hit yesterday. They didn't appreciate me being late to the station. They were pretty pissed when I got home.""That's awful of them. I'm real sorry Harry." She says quietly. "After the fiasco with the train, I wanted to see you, to make sure you were okay. The whole thing was a mess! Since I'm a muggleborn, I got a front row seat to the whole aftermath. They set up a checkpoint for parents to pick up their children at- an adult would show up and sign them out. Of course, some had already come and gone by the time the Aurors got it running. Susan helped me find the others who didn't have anyone coming to get them. Susan Bones, her aunt's the head of the DMLE. Those of us who hadn't anyone coming to get them just waiting until the ministry figured out that no one was coming for us. I'm so glad that Ms. Clearwater was there, she was Head Girl, because she explained that most of us where from Muggle families who would be rightly worried by then." She paused to take a breath and Harry reached over and set his hand on hers."You've got to remember to breathe Hermione." He teases."I'm sorry I'm rambling so much, but I couldn't' tell this to my parents- they still want to pull me out! Penny got them to portkey us to platform 9 ¾, where our families were waiting. We were late, but I just told them there was a delay with the train.""So, you wanted to make sure I was okay? You came all the way out to Surrey for that?" Harry asks."Well," She pinkens, "I had a bit of a tiff with dad and stormed out. Mom suggested that I check on my great-aunt, to give him time to cool off. Then the storm happened, and I remembered where you lived, and the bus stop was right there, so, here I am!" Hermione answers, watching the rain on the windows."Where's your great-aunt live?" Harry asks. "I'll go with you.""She's not actually my great-aunt, she's more distantly related than that, but we call her my great-aunt to simplify things She's somewhere on Wisteria Walk. It's just a couple streets over.""We might want to wait for the storm to die down first." Harry says."That's probably a good idea." Hermione adds, looking around. "So, are the Dursleys out?" she asks carefully, remembering not to call them his relatives."They left for vacation. I have the house to myself for 2 weeks." Harry says proudly."They left you alone. Here. For 2 weeks?" Hermione asks incredulously.Misunderstanding her, Harry preens, "Yeah, I know. I didn't think they'd do it either. I'm amazed they trusted me not to burn it down or something.""Yeah, imagine that, "She says weakly. Whatever she is going to say next is swallowed up by the phone ringing."That never rings." Harry says to her, grabbing the phone. "Dursley residence. Yes ma'am. No, they're out of town." Harry listens for a minute. "I can help. I'll be right over." He hangs up and turns to Hermione."That was the lady who used to babysit Dudley and I, Mrs. Figg. A tree fell on her house. I'm going over to see if I can help her get her cats moved and rescue her things. You're welcome to stay here or you can come with. She lives on-""Wisteria Walk. Is her first name Arabella?" Hermione asks, picking up her shoes."I have no idea. She's always been Mrs. Figg to me." Harry admits."I bet it is. If so, she's my great-aunt. I'm ready when you are." She says, making a face as she tugs on her still wet shoes.Braving the storm, Harry and Hermione dart onto the Dursleys' narrow front porch. Harry fishes out the key from the flowerpot and locks the door, slipping the key into his pocket."Ready to run for it?" he asks, turning to face her on the narrow porch. It's a good thing they're used to hiding under the invisibility cloak, as they shuffle around in the tight patch of dry, neither one eager to step into the cold downpour off the roof."He's almost taller than me now." She thinks to herself. At her nod he grabs her hand and plunges into the pouring wet. They dash across the muddy yard and hop the ditch, swirling brown with sticks and bags and papers being swept away. Their feet send up large splashes as they land on the road, which has a couple of inches of water rushing down it."This storm can't be natural!" She shouts at him as they run along. She's tiring from the sprint, but his hand is in hers and he's dragging her along whether she wants to or not, so she does her best to keep her feet. They cut through the playground where he saw Sirius, water rushing out of the slide and thundering onto the pavement. Harry leads them through a hedge and they're at Mrs. Figg's back porch."Mrs. Figg?" Harry shouts, blinking out rain. They circle around the house and find the fallen tree. It wasn't massive, but it was solid enough to punch through the roof. When its roots gave way, it crashed on the roof, which absorbed most of the impact. When the roof broke, the tree fell through part of the wall, stopping about chest high from the inside."Oh my." Hermione gasps, hands flying to her mouth."It's not quite as bad as it looks." Mrs. Fig says from inside, having thrown open a window. "This was the spare bathroom. As long as we can pull everything out of here and close it off, the house should be alright in the long run. Harry, I haven't seen Mr. Tibbles. Do you see him?"Harry looks around the tree, pulling at the branches and pushing. "He's not in the tree, and I don't think he'd be caught under it." He says."Harry." Hermione says, standing back up from where she knelt in the dirt. The cat is clutched to her chest."Mrroaw." Mr. Tibbles complains at the wet."He was hiding under the trunk." She explains, carrying him to the windows and handling her over."Oh, thank goodness." Mrs. Figg says, taking the cat from Hermione."Hermione, dear, if you could come inside for me and help me grab things from in here. Harry, there should be a saw in the garage. Could you lop off some of the more protruding branches for me?" Mrs. Fig asks. The two teens circle back to the front of the house and into the open garage. Harry finds the saw hanging on the wall and grabs it while Hermione leaves her shoes in the garage and continues in. They meet through the window in the back, checking on each other as they work. Hermione glances up as she's pulling drawers out of the bathroom, and sees Harry, too big clothes plastered to his frame, hacking at another pile of branches. He shakes his hair out of his face and their eyes meet as he tugs at the knot."Doing good?' she asks."If these will," he tugs, "come out!" he grunts, yanking the pile of branches, which slide loose all of a sudden and send him splashing down on his butt, clutching an armful of leaves and sticks. She can't help but giggle."I daresay you're enjoying yourself." She teases."Oh, it can't get much better than this." He says back, pushing his hair back out of his face."Dear, can you help me move this table, so we have more room in here?" Mrs. Figg calls."I've got to run." Hermione says. "You're making great work."Harry returns to trimming down the tree, piling the branches in the front of Mrs. Figg's home. He falls into a rhythm with the rain keeping tempo, of cutting through an armful and lugging them away. Thunder booms irregularly and the crown of the tree thins quickly. Hermione and Mrs. Figg clear out the bathroom and close it off, leaving only the window for Harry to communicate through. He has just gotten the last of the crown cut through when Mrs. Figg pokes her head out of the window, holding a magazine over her to keep the rain off."Wow, Harry. You've done a great job." She praises."I don't want to make things worse, but I think I can cut the tree out of the house." he says. "There's not that much actually in your bathroom, and now that I pulled the branches off, it shouldn't be too much work to cut it about here," he places the saw on the tree trunk, "and pull the rest out.""If you're sure you can do it, go for it! Just be careful." She says. Harry takes a step back to double check but decides it's doable. He set the blade in place and starts sawing, careful to cut at an angle so the tree doesn't bind the saw. He runs into a few snags and has to readjust, but eventually he cuts through enough that the rest of the tree splits. He sets the saw aside and grabs a few of the protruding stubs of the branches he cut and heaves. The top of the tree doesn't want to move, but Harry is more stubborn than it is, and he slowly pulls it out. He has to pull the top up to get it over the hole in the wall, rotating it out to avoid snagging. It does come loose, and Harry flops down on the grass, not caring how soaked he is. Hermione chooses then to poke her head out."You did it! Great! I found some plastic in the garage; I think we might be able to lay it out against the hole to try and keep most of the water out. Course, it would be easier with sticking charms, but we can't. I'll grab it while you rest for a second." Hermione came back shortly with a large swath of plastic sheeting. "Her neighbors had their yard worked on a few weeks ago, and the plastic blew into her garage. She'd been meaning to get rid of it, but it's a good thing she didn't! Here, take this end and see if you can get it up on the roof above the hole." She passes the sheeting to Harry."I've got it up here, but there's no way to hold it down." He shouts back over a rumble of thunder."Nothing? I was hoping you could wedge it under a shingle or something." She shots back."Nope. It won't stay." He calls back."Alright then. We tried. Come back down." She says disappointedly.Harry frowns, he didn't want to upset Hermione. He searches for something to hook it on, but everything is nailed down. He was halfway climbing down when he spotted the nail. When the tree busted through the roof, it tore apart the ceiling. Part of the exposed material was a nail, about four inches long, halfway out of the beam it had been in. It's out of reach from where he is, but if Harry can get just a little higher he might be able to hook the sheeting on it."Hold on, I might have something." He calls back."Be careful!" Hermione shouts back. Harry climbs back on the roof and scoots around the hole, careful of the slick shingles and the unstable roof. He doesn't know how many beams have been broken or left unsupported when the tree crashed. Harry very carefully stretches out and is just short of being able to spear the plastic on the nail. He just needs another inch or two. He tries again, pushing as hard as he can, but his fingers are just a little too short. "One more go." He tells himself, readjusting his grip. He gingerly steps on the beam and reaches out, ignoring the creak, and snags the end of the nail. The beam creaks again and he quickly steps back, off the wood. For a moment, everything is calm. Then the sky shakes as a loud clap of thunder booms and Harry's foot slips.All of the breath goes out of him as he hits the ground."HARRY!" Hermione screams, rushing through the house and into the yard to check on him. "Are you alright! I told you to be careful! Oh, you'd better be okay! Harry! Harry!""Easy 'Mione." Harry groans. "I'm okay. just the wind knocked out of me. Help me up?" She tugs him to his feet, and they stumble to the garage, Harry still a little unsteady. Hermione helps him sit down on the cement and then proceeds to whack him on the arm."Harry James Potter! You just about gave me a heart attack!" she scolds, smacking his arm again for good measure, before flipping emotions and wrapping him in a tight hug. "Don't you ever do something so foolish again."Harry awkwardly past her on the back, half trapped by the quietly crying girl. "I'm okay. It wasn't that bad. Just a bit of a shock. No worse than getting dumped off my broom in practice. We need to secure the bottom of the sheet." He fidgets to move, and she tightens her hold."You're staying right here until both our hearts settle down." She murmurs.

AN/: Thank alix33 for the update. She went through and reviewed every single chapter, which made my day. Thank you, so much. Still can't stop smiling, and it's been hours. I thought about leaving you all on a horrible cliffhanger, but had I, you, my loyal readers, would have been out for blood. You can probably guess where. Do enjoy, and once again, Thank alix33 for pushing me to add another chapter. Have a great time until next update!Eventually, she does let him go, and it takes Harry no more than a minute or two to stake down the bottom of the plastic before returning. Mrs. Figg invites them inside, but Harry pauses in the garage."Um, Mrs. Figg, I'm a little soaked. I appreciate the offer, but I don't want to get your house all wet." He says."You have enough trouble with the collapsed bathroom, we'd hate to add more." Hermione says, catching onto Harry's reluctance."It would be no trouble." The lady insists, putting a foot in front of a cat to prevent it from walking out."Still, it wouldn't be right. Aunt Petunia raised me right, "Harry lies, "and I would never mess up a hosts home by entering like this.""If you insist, I won't force you." Mrs. Figg says, looking between them. "But do come back another day so I can thank you. You've both been a great help. It was nice to see you Hermione. Do tell your Mother to visit one day.""I'll do that. It was nice to see you as well." Hermione demurs. Harry takes her hand and gently tugs."Safe travels!" Mrs. Figg calls out, waving them away and closing the garage door as they go.Soaked as they are, and with no crisis, the pair are content to wander slowly back to Privet Drive."Harry, look at the slide!" Hermione yelps, pointing at the playground they're passing by. The slide is nothing impressive normally, but with the volume of water coming down it has nearly two inches of water running along it."Wow. That looks like it'd be fun." He remarks, making no motion to go over. Hermione grinds to a halt, tugging on their still connected hands."Harry," she asks, (He does not like her tone, even if he cannot place it. The tone is of playful admonishment.) "what's stopping us from staying out here for a bit? It's not like we can get wetter." She gestures to her clothes, plastered to her body and hair dripping. Harry flushes and tries not to look but can't get the image out of his head. Hogwarts robes hide a lot. Soaked muggle clothing does not."Um…" He stammers, trying to think of a reason. "Don't want to catch a cold?"She rolls her eyes, "I'll risk it. C'mon." she pulls him into the playground and shoves him toward the slide. "Go try it out.""Me? This was your idea." He shots back."You're the one who chose Gryffindor." She teases. As he climbs the ladder up, he calls back at her,"You can't tell me the hat didn't try to get you in Ravenclaw!""Blue would clash with my hair!" she shouts back."That's a bloody lie!" He says, climbing into the stream of water and disappearing in the slide. The metal clanks a few times as he goes through, before dumping him out on the pavement in a large wave."Well, Harry? How was it?" She asks."That was bloody fantastic. You try!" He says, eyes wide with excitement. He drags her to the ladder, nearly bouncing on his feet."You're pretty excited over a little slide." She teases."It's not like I've had a chance to do this before." He admits offhandedly."Harry," She pauses at the top of the slide deciphering his words, "did the Dursleys' ever let you play here?""Well, um, they, there was stuff that had to be done. One time I was supposed to, but Dudley had a runny nose, so." He says."Criminal." She scowls, throwing herself into the metal tube. There is a stark difference between being wet and actually sitting in inches of water, and Hermione's first yelp was of shock as the water was cold! As she whipped around the first bend, she let out another cry, this time of joy. So much safer than brooms. The pipe twisted again, and she rocketed out of the end with a large wave, nearly colliding with a waiting Harry."Well?" He asks, helping her up."You didn't warn me how icy the water is. My bum is still cold!" she accuses, pushing past his objections and apologies and quickly flushing face. As she leads them to the swings, her own face does tinge pink."You'll just have to push me to make up for it." She says primly, sitting on one of the swings. She doesn't actually expect him to push her, she's not five, she can do it herself. But, as his hands gently land on her shoulders, she should have expected no less. He's hesitant at first, like he's never done this before, only seen it done from a distance, which she realizes is probably exactly what it is. But as nothing goes wrong, he gains confidence. It isn't long before she blurts out,"Higher!" her face flushing. It's been nearly a decade since she begged someone to push her higher on the swings. Harry obliges, ignorant to her embarrassment, but perfectly willing to accommodate. She's nearing the peak of the arc she can achieve on a swing set this size, as there isn't a great deal one can do to go farther, given the limits of the line. She braces, and at the next peak leaps off. She neatly flips in the air and rolls on the ground, breathless, but proud she still can do it."Hermione! Are you alright!" harry rushes over, checking on her."I'm fine. I just jumped off. It's been a while since I tried that trick, and I didn't quite stick the landing." She explains."Oh." He says, helping her out of the mud. "Can- can you teach me?""Teach you what? The trick? I don't know, it's not something I can explain. It more of a feeling than a series of movements." She says, biting her lip."No. I, um- I'veseenpeoplesingonthierownbutIneverlearnedhowandwashopingyoucouldteachme." He mumbles."Harry, English please. I don't think that was Parseltongue, but still.""It's nothing. Do you want me to push you again?" he deflects."Harry, just tell me. I promise I won't laugh." Hermione says."I've seen people swing before, without someone pushing them. Can you teach me how to do that?" he admits, refusing to look at her."Oh, that's it?" Harry cringes. "No, its fine. I wasn't-" she puts a hand on his arm. "I was worried it was something complicated. I can teach you, easy."She sits him in one swing and takes the one next to it. "So, um, you're going to push yourself back with your feet and then let it go forward, at the apex you pull your legs in and then release it when you're all the way back. Just keep doing that and you'll figure it out."It does take him a few tries to figure it out, but soon they both are pumping and releasing and being pelted with rain."You're doing great Harry!" She calls out, as they slowly sync up their swings. "But don't lean too far this way or you'll get us tangled."He's careful to stay away and not throw them off. As fun and as novel as swinging is to Harry, he does start to tire of it."How do you go about stopping?" He asks."Well, you can wait for the swing to slow down, you can normally drag your feet on the dirt, but as this is mud your foot might get stuck.""What about what you did?" he asks."That's the other option, jumping. You have to time it right and push forward as the swing goes back, or you'll mess up your momentum and fall." Hermione explains.She prepares to leap and show him, but Harry, being the Gryffindor, he is, tries it first. He doesn't quite push off at the right time, and so haphazardly falls and splats in the mud, swing flying wildly above him."Harry!" she shouts with concern, leaping off her own seat in a smooth transition. "Harry are you alright?""'m fine." He says, climbing out of the mud and getting conked with the swing. "Ow. Still fine. Guess I didn't time that right.""Not exactly." She says gently, tugging him up and stilling the swing. "You sure you're alright?""Yeah. I think I'll take it easy for a few, if that's alright." He responds."Sure." She agrees, and they plop in the seats of the swings."Hey, Hermione, I wanted to say." He says, making her look up at him, "Thanks for dragging me to all of this. I never would have done any of this if you hadn't, and I've had a really fun time.""Harry, the fact that you hadn't had a chance to play in a playground before is criminal. Running around as a child somewhere like this is part of growing up, and I'm glad you didn't completely miss out." Hermione says, taking his hands. "Don't be afraid to ask if you want to do things like this. I won't pry, but I know you didn't have the best of times growing up. If I can help you, I don't know, regain part of your childhood, then by all means. You're my friend, Harry. I want to see you happy.""Mione, I- Thanks." He blinks away, long lashes dripping rain. "It- it means a lot to me." They sit in the rain for a few minutes, both stealing looks at their still entwined hands, but neither saying anything."Hey Harry?" She says suddenly."Yeah?""Tag!" she bolts, cackling and running, weaving around the ladder and supports of the slide, around the other small structures for littler kids. He gets her as she's skirting a picnic table, Harry jumping onto the table and over to get a hand on her arm."You're it!" He shouts, smiling. He's faster than she is, and they spend a wild few minutes at an impasse around trees, darting one way then the other. Hermione get him back when she doubles over, pretending to be out of breath. Harry falls for the trap and get too close, allowing her to snap a hand on his fingers, before bolting. Unfortunately, there's nowhere for her to run but in the open field, as all the equipment and tables are behind Harry. It's a close race, only because Harry can't stay upright in the slick muddy grass, while Hermione, despite being slower, or perhaps because of it, can turn much faster.The game ends when Harry finally catches up to her. She tries to switch directions and slips, and he, off balance, crashes into her. The pair are tangled up on the wet grass, clothes muddy and faces close."Hey." He says, grinning and obviously happy."Hey." She shoots back, grin just as wide."You're it." He says.Hermione does the mature thing and sticks her tongue out at him. Harry's eyes lock on the pink appendage poked out at him, before it darts back to her lips. His pulse races as he realizes what position they're in. He crashed on top of her, his legs on either side of her own, them almost chest to chest, him holding himself up with one arm, her face just inches away. He freezes.Hermione realizes too, just how close they are when she can feel his breath on her face. They're really close, just an inch or two apart, and she can't help but look at his lips, wondering if she should take the leap."Mione." Harry says lowly."Yes?" she breathes."Is- is it alright if I kiss you?" he asks.She leans forward and closes the distance, placing a chaste kiss on his lips. "That answer your question?""I don't think you're going home tonight." Harry says quietly, looking past her.It was not what she was expecting and threw her for a loop for a moment."Look." He said, rolling off of her.In the distance was every flashing light. The park sat on a small hill, which gave them enough of a view to see over the houses."Is that the bridge?" she asks."I think so. I don't know how the knight bus works, but I'm not sure it can get over the river when it's like this." He admits.As her mind whirs, the mood is forgotten. Indeed, it looks like the torrential downpour overwhelmed the banks of the river. That much water, which showed no signs of slowing down, had been enough to pull away the foundation of the bridge. It had washed out."Mum's going to be so worried." She says, sucking her lower lip in to worry on.'We can call from the house." Harry says, trying to be helpful."No, I think the telephone lines ran under the bridge. We can try, but I think the area is going to be disconnected." For a brief moment, she thinks about asking Hedwig to go, but, looking at the sky, decides it's best not to risk Harry's owl in this freak system. "It looks like you'll just have to put me up for the night." She says, climbing to her feet and trying to wipe off some of the mud that is… everywhere. She gives it up after a moment."Right. I'm happy to have you." He smiles at her under his hair, which has flopped into his eyes once again. She smiles back, but her mind is on her parents.They head back to 4 Privet Drive, wading through the street, which has only gotten more flooded."Harry," Hermione says nervously, "How much food did the Dursleys leave? It looks like it may be dangerous to go out for a few days, until the water level falls. I don't want to cause any problems.""They left plenty. I'm- I'm not supposed to get into it, but don't worry. I won't let you starve. And they can't really do much about it. If they try something, then the police will take them or me away. Or, if I can convince the officers to drop it, I'll leave. Tom at the Leaky said he has rooms open all summer. I err, I asked when we left last summer if I could come back."Finally, with only a few close calls of being swept off their feet, the pair return to 4 Privet Drive. Harry lets them in and bolts the door behind them. He tries the lights, and thankfully they still have power."Good. I can toss your clothes in the dryer." He says offhandedly, before turning the color of Ginny's hair when she put her elbow in the butter."I mean- only if you'd like. I- you can stay clothed- I'm not- no expectation- but you're soaked. And wet clothes- pruning.""Did you really just say pruning?" She asks, bemusedly."I reckon I did, yes." He says to the floor."Harry, if you'll show me the bathroom, I'd like a shower to get the mud out. You can dry my clothes while I'm in there." Harry nods silently, grabbing a towel out of the cupboard under the stairs."Try not to drip too much on the carpets? I just cleaned them this morning." He says, handing it to her before yanking it back. "On second thought, I'll have to clean them again anyway, so don't worry about it. The bathroom is this way."Hermione follows him quietly, trying not to think too hard. She observes the offhand, "That's Dudley's' room. And, that door leads to Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon's. I haven't cleaned in there yet. And this is my room." He points out the various rooms, Dudley's having a rag sitting on the dresser, the door to his relatives closed. She forces her face to remain blank when she sees the locks and the cat flap on Harry's door. His trunk is open in the middle of the room, and Hedwig's cage is on the most beat up, ramshackle, falling apart dresser she's ever seen. She forces herself not to contrast that with the nice, oak dresser she saw in his cousin's room. 'Bad Hermione!'"So, this is it." Harry says, poking at his trunk with his foot."I appreciate the tour, but bathroom?" she asks. He jumps and walks out of the room, quickly pulling a towel out of the hall closet."They don't like me using their towels, but I'll just wash it and they'll never know." He explains, pushing her to the other door in the hall. Through it is a small but clean bathroom, neatly tucked away. He shows her how the faucets work, absently talking. "You're lucky I put Dudley's things away. He's a slob and leaves everything scattered everywhere. I doubt you'd want to see his dirty underwear.""No, I'd rather not." She states, turning up her nose and starting to pull off her shirt."Whoa!" Harry yelps, quickly turning to face the wall. "Warn a guy!""Well, you've got to take my clothes to dry them." She states, letting her shirt fall back down before turning as red as he is. "Yeah, I see your point. You've got to take all of it. I'm- I wasn't going to undress all the way in front of you Harry." She quickly reassures."I'll go sit on the stairs. You take everything off and leave it outside the door for me. Tell me when it's safe to get them and I'll throw them in the dryer and return them once it's done.""Okay." She agrees, watching him walk out and sit on the stairs. Quickly, she pulls everything off and folds it, laying it in a pile. She's popping the clasp to her bra when she realizes that Harry is going to be handling it. She hadn't really thought it through, but Harry is going to be handing her underthings. Harry! She meekly set them down and pulls the door closed."You can come up now, it's safe." She calls out. She hears him walk up to the door, both of them fully aware that she's naked with only an inch or two of wood between them."There's soap and shampoo in the corner. A washcloth is under the sink. You've got the towel,""Yes!""Anything else?" he asks."Do you have a brush?""I'll grab one from Aunt Petunia." He runs off for a moment before walking back. "It's in my hand, my eyes are closed. Other hand is over them." He says. She cracks open the door and checks for herself, trusting him but not his hormones, and grabs the hairbrush."Thanks! I'll see you later.""Um, have a- have a good time?" he says awkwardly."Um, yes. Sure." She says, face flaming. His footsteps lead away, and she hears him descend the stairs.She hears him downstairs, and then the subtle thump of the dryer starting. She cuts the water on and steps in, trying not to think about him seeing her bra. She lathered up and started washing the mud off, definitely not thinking about how he looked, dragging the tree branches, or running around with her in the park. Her mind never went to how he looked under the oversized clothes, the corded muscle hidden by his relatives and the robes. She certainly didn't replay the scene of them in the grass, tangled up. Not with a far different ending. Most certainly not. That would be, would, would be, woul- absurd. Ludicrous. Banal. Pure ridiculousness. Absolutely childish and laughable and-She flushed. 'Oh, so bitterly, wonderfully, damningly true.'Harry very purposefully made himself not think about what he was carrying as he loaded the clothes in the washer. He debated if it was okay to throw his own shirt in there too, or if he should keep them separate, before abruptly realizing he was being silly. This was a washing machine- its entire purpose was to clean clothes. He shucked the shirt and tossed it in, filling the detergent and hitting the button. He started the cycle and checked the fridge and cabinets to figure out what he was feeding his guest. He was admittedly distracted, and it took him the entire wash cycle to figure out that he had everything for grilled cheese and that the Dursleys probably wouldn't miss any of the ingredients, if he was extremely careful about how he put everything back. He tossed the clothes into the dryer along with a dryer sheet for good measure and returned to the kitchen, absently preparing the kettle and straightening."Hey, Harry, are the clothes not dry yet?" Harry jumped, his chair screeching back at the unexpected voice."Hermione! No, they aren't dry yet. I washed the mud out first. They should be dry in a few." He said, looking up to see the girl wrapped in two towels, one for her body and one for her hair. Unbidden, he closed his eyes and clapped his hand over them. "Hermione, you're only in a towel.""Yes. Harry don't be ridiculous, I'm covered up! Is the dryer in here?" She asked."Yes." He replied, refusing to lift his hand or open his eyes."I see. Huh, you have the same model as my mum's friend. It's probably got another 15 min. Harry, why don't you start your shower. I can unload the dryer and get dressed." She calls out from the side room."But what if I come down and you're changing?" he asks."Then you'll get an eyeful and be the pride of the fourth-year boys' dorm. I'll take the risk." She shoos him up the stairs and starts shaking out her hair over the sink. Upstairs, the floorboards in his room creak, before the shower cuts on.Thankfully, (or to her dismay, she can't tell which) the dryer finishes before Harry comes back down, and she's properly attired before she sees him again."Good shower?" She asks."Decent enough." He says. (She ignores the flash of panic in his eyes as he realizes the innuendo)"I appreciate you washing my clothes for me but be careful when you do. Some people have a reaction to certain types of detergent and can develop a mild rash if they wear clothes that have been washed with it." She holds up a hand, "I'm not allergic to anything in detergents, but I know people that are. Just a word of warning for the future.""Good to know." Harry says, starting the kettle. "Tea?""Tea would be lovely." Hermione replies, wandering to the living room. "Harry? Are you not in any of these pictures?""I'm in one of them!" he calls back, walking in as he dries his hands. "It's right back here." He reaches behind an arrangement of photo stands and pulls out a tiny one crammed in the back. The picture within is of a younger Petunia with two toddlers, one in her arms, the other holding onto her leg. "She hated having to have that taken, but the lady who took it asked for both me and Dudley to be in it. She couldn't exactly refuse.""Yes, she couldn't." Hermione agrees, watching him stick the photo back to its hiding place. 'It probably is only still here because she never sees it to get rid of it.' Hermione thinks."How does grilled cheese sound for supper?" Harry asks."That sounds wonderful." Hermione replies, letting herself be distracted from the Dursley Family Photos.They have a quiet evening, as shortly after they start eating the lights flicker and die. Harry is quick to dig out a couple candles, and they chat about little things until late. By candlelight, they go through their evening routines, Harry digging out a toothbrush from a cabinet for her to use. There's a small period of awkwardness when they decide to go to bed, as Harry instinctively started toward his room, before abruptly halting to Hermione's' relief. While she isn't opposed to sharing a bed, as she's certain Harry would be a perfect gentleman, she'd much rather not. Instead, they drag the sheets from his bed and camp in the living room, both managing to fit on a couch. The rain, having slowed but not stopped, lulled them to sleep.

The crowd roared in the distance, muted behind the goggles and the charms. She locked eyes on the announcer, paying no mind to the other contestants around her. Her boots clung to the ground, one tipped forward to kick off while the other provided support. Her breath was catching and building inside of her, the adrenaline rush already pounding on her veins. She could feel her heartbeat kick up in anticipation, each thump coming a little quicker as he walked to the platform."Welcome to the best lineup I've ever seen. This year promises to be a good one, with nearly nine new faces rising from the junior league. Please give a warm welcome to out hosts today, as well as our sponsors…" She tuned him out as he continued with the preshow mess, not caring one whit about anything besides the competition."on your marks," she heard him say, tensing her ankles to kick up and start, "get set," a shiver of magic ran through her, ice and fire flooding down her spine in a wave of pure delight, "go!" He shouted. She kicked off the ground in an instant, leaning forward to capitalize on her smaller stature and rocketing up in ranks. Dimly, she could hear the shouts and gasps at her dangerous gambit- opening full throttle while in tight formation was risky- disqualification from impacts or even injury was likely, but she didn't care. While she enjoyed the competition, had a healthy drive to be the best, she knew why she really loved the sport. Simply put, she loved the sky. Her risky maneuver worked, and by the time the pack cleared the opening gates she had jumped twenty ranks. For her first professional race, shooting up so fast was an amazing feat. But she was just getting started.She hit the first turn in seventh place, braking hard to keep the bristles of the broom in line to maintain the drag and acceleration. The broom under her jerked and bucked and fought every movement, being pushed so hard against the inbuilt charms, but she was no stranger to the sport. She rolled around a wizard who wasn't moving quite as fast as she was and had to laugh as she caught the dismay on his face. She couldn't resist and blew him a kiss as she flipped around and blew forward. The course was never the same twice, and so she had to feel out the directions of the checkpoints with her magic.Broom racing, at least on this level, was no simple game. You had to be able to control the broom while actively violating all of its safety charms, while making sure you didn't' hit anyone else or crash. In addition, the courses were not set, and you were traveling too fast to have any visual cues, so the entire layout was done by stretching your magic and 'feeling' where the next place was. Exhilarating didn't' even begin to describe it. She got trapped behind two wizards and a witch at the next twist, the course dipping through a tunnel in the mountainside, which of course was not lit. Blind in the dark, pushing her broom as fast as her could, Fleur Delacour was having the time of her life. A bream of light in the tunnel shot ahead, a narrow twisting side path that promised a way to leapfrog the pile up if she could get through it. It was obviously not part of the course design, but she had a feeling that the next checkpoint was going to be aboveground.The charms on her goggles activated and the voice of her coach and father bled through, "Fleur Annalise Delacour, don't you even think about it. That shaft is way too small for you to get through it safely at speed. You will be grounded so hard if you- you're already halfway through, aren't you?" A laugh bubbled out of her in the moment as she kicked off the wall, half flying half running through the twisting scramble of rocks and shale."Oui Papa, I am-" she yelped as she bounced off a protruding boulder and nearly wiped out on the unforgiving wall. "Through!" She burst from the mountainside in a shower of loose dirt to the loud cheers and cries of the crowd, twisting a 240 degree turn to head in the right direction after climbing nearly vertical. Her broom was a mess, the shaft splintering and chipped from scraping against rocks, the bristles shorn and twisted. She was no better, streaked with mud and dirt, uniform torn and bloodied. But she was alive! Fleur Delacour never felt so real, so connected as when she was in the air, was pushing her limits. She quickly closed the gap on the top two racers, both experienced and favored to win. Here she was, a maverick, first time professional, only competing on special license for underaged, and she was in the top three. She kicked through the checkpoint right on their heels, surprising the duo who had until then, been the only two skilled enough to dog it out at the front. To them, all they saw was a whip of a girl slice between them from above, tucked forward on her broom to eke out as much speed as she could. Her grin was palpable, her excitement coursing through the air.The contest grew between them as the announcers focused on their dogfight. They were neck and neck, twisting around and sliding past each other in a wild scramble for first place. No matter how the track shifted, how it twisted and turned or spiraled they stayed locked in. In the last three turns, the competition grew ugly. Fleur didn't see who, but one of them grabbed the front of her broom and yanked it down.At the speed they were going, she was sent spiraling down, desperately fighting to not crash and wipe out completely on the rock below. The crowd was going wild, equally shouting for their favorite or booing the unsportsmanlike conduct. But the refs didn't call it. Fleur managed to recover her broom without completely wiping out, but she had dropped five places, back to seventh. She hovered above the ground, lungs heaving and tears stinging at her eyes. All she wanted was to race. To soar. She didn't care about winning, about the fame, the glory. She wanted the rush, the experience. She was here for the amazement, not the money. Her eyes narrowed under her goggles as she decided that she wasn't going down without a fight.She tensed and kicked off the ground once more, laying as flat as she could and ignoring the checkpoints in her way. She could barely see the top two racers, both still fighting to cross the line first. She felt something shift in her, some part of her embrace the air, the speed, the grace. She felt the broom under her accelerate like nothing ever had before. Like a rocket, she zoomed past the racers in fifth and fourth, a streak of pale blue light. Third place was nearly sent crashing as the draft of her passing caught him. She could see the finish line, could see the hairs on the referee's arm as he held it up to call it. Like an arrow, like a bullet, like the namesake of the companies' broom she was riding, Fleur Delacour covered the distance between her almost crash and the cheater in a flash. Corkscrewing around them, she was upside down when she crossed the line.Number 6, who had been in second was wide eyed and shocked.Number 17 was equally amazed but was far more angry than his counterpart.She couldn't' even describe the feelings running through her when the announcer called out, "Number 13 wins! The rookie takes the cup!" She pulled out of her maneuver and flipped around to land on the podium with the announcer. "What? I won?" she asked softly, tucking her broom over her shoulder."She cheated!" Number 17 shouted, whipping off his helmet and throwing it. "She didn't hit any of the last four checkpoints.""Roger, you're one to talk. You grabbed her broom." The other front runner said, pulling off his own mask."Stay out of this, Emile." Roger spat. "She's a cheater. She didn't hit the last four points. Whore isn't even human." He sneers.Fleur is shocked. No one should know she's Veela. In a sport like broom racing, being Veela doesn't do anything. There's no way he could know. "Your proof?" She shouted."Um, Cheri, look." Her father's whispers come over her goggles, which she pulled to her forehead. She glances at the projected image and blanches. Waving gently, as if in a breeze, are two golden ephemeral wings attached to her back. She flexes her shoulders and they ripple, beating and unexpectedly pulling her into the air an inch or two."Sweet Cersei." She whispers, letting herself drift back to the ground. "So? What if I am?" She says, pushing back at the sore loser."It's an obvious advantage, and so should be disqualified. I won this race, again." He sneers."Non." She says firmly, shaking her head. "You are disqualified too, if I am. You cheated. I at least won on talent.""What did you say you bitch?" He shouts, reaching for his wand."Bring it!" She snarls, letting a fireball coalesce in her hand."Enough!" the host shouts, carrying the trophy. "Number 13, you are disqualified for an unfair advantage. Until such affect can be factored in, you are ineligible for any winning from races in this circuit.""Hah! Suck it, birdbrain!" Roger shouts, reaching for the trophy only to yelp when the host raps him on the hand."Number 17, you are hereby banned from competing. We have had reports of foul play before, but nothing this blatant before. While an accident here and there is permittable, your actions today have called into question your performance the past season and beyond. Be assured, we will be investigating your [previous races. If you are found to have cheated in those as well, you will lose your previous titles." He says."You can't do this! I'm the biggest draw here, you need me!" Roger shouts."You may have once been, but in addition to simply not caring, as I run these things not for the money or advertising but for the enjoyment, the numbers are in. Our newest champion beat you out by a significant margin."Emile said it best, "Get fucked Roger." The host turned to him."Mr. Dupont, you are today's winner. Congratulations." The young man smiled and accepted the trophy, holding it high for a moment."Hey, so it isn't customary for winners to give speeches, and I sure as hell don't like talking to crowds, but I have to say something." He reaches back and tugs Fleur forward. "She's the real winner today. Her first time in the professional circuit, she nearly took the cup. If Roger hadn't cheated, she'd be the one accepting this award. So, give her some appreciation." The crowd went wild again, and Fleur couldn't hold back the flush. So many emotions, the shock of winning, or the wings, exposing Roger, the thrill of flight, her fury at his bigotry, all of it was sending her spiraling in dazed happiness."Hey," Emile whispers in her ear to be heard over the crowd, "I'll race you any day. You're amazing on a broom. Wings and all." He claps her on the back, and she get a jolt of pleasure from his hand resting on her wing, inadvertently stroking the feathers.

As the dawn breaks over the horizon, sunlight starts streaming through the windows. A beam crosses Hermione's face and she wakes, stretching her amrs and popping her back. She rubs her shoulders, sore from sleeping on the couch. It's not a bad couch by any means, but it's no bed to sprawl out on. She quietly pads into the kitchen and tries not to be surprised to see Harry sitting at the table, sipping on a cup of tea."Morning Hermione." He says over the lip of the cup."Morning Harry. The rain looks like it stopped." She says, accepting a cup from him."I think it petered out overnight." He agrees, looking out at the swamp of a backyard. From the sun streaming through the glass door, Hermione can see the kitchen in all of its' immaculate glory. Pale surfaces and white cabinets without a single spot. The stovetop has no crumbs, no stains. The floor looks clean enough to eat off! Glancing around surreptitiously, she can't even find evidence of last night's dishes."Hpefully they restore the phone lines soon, Mom must eb going spare." She frets."If they're not back by noon, we can always send Hedwig." Harry offers."Harry, I want to thank you for everything. For putting me up, for helping me yesterday, for all of it." Hermione says."Think nothing of it. I'm sure if our positions were reversed you'd do the same for me." Harry says quickly.Hermione sips her tea for a moment before rising and walking around the kitchen, never noticing Harry's sudden tension at the sloshing cup."So, what do you do here all summer? Do you and your cousin ever play games? I'm sure you have a few board games stashed away somewhere." Hermione asks.Harry grimaces. "Not unless chasing me and beating me up counts. No clue on the board games- if we have them, I've never seen them.""Oh. There goes that idea." Hermione says.They sit for a moment before Harry jumps up. "I know what we can do while we wait!""I'd rather not get soaked to the bone again so soon." Hermione says, assuming he is referring to the park."You shouldn't get more than your ankles wet at most." Harry counters. "Remus told me that the wards on this place are tied to the wardstone, which is around here somewhere.""And he advised you to get it back so that you can pull them to you and thus make them more powerful!" Hermione says, stealing his thunder."I should have known you'd know why." He teases."I may have gotten a jump on next years runes." She admits."Only next years? You sure you stopped at one year in advance?""Okay, yes, runestones and the inverse power rule are technically NEWT level, though they are mentioned in the OWL textbook." She says."Overachiever." He teases."Hush, you. When have you learned anything you didn't have to?" Hermione shoots back."Literally every year." Harry says with a sideways glance, sobering the conversation."Right." Hermione says, looking out the window and unable to meet his eyes. "Any ideas where the runestone would be?""I've never noticed anything in al my years of living here. I'm more likely to overlook something because its familiar. What about you? You're the one who's taken runes.""well, If I wanted to maximize coverage over the house, it would be easiest to array it as a bubble spreading in every direction. In which case, it'd be in the center." Hermione reasons."Would it interfere with electronics that got close to it?""I think so? I can't be certain, but electronics never work at Hogwarts so I guess?" She says."Then it can't be inside. Dudley's played his games all over every inch of the place." Harry says."then it looks like we're going out there." Hermione says, looking through the door. The backyard is a waterlogged mess, with standing water still pooled in places. The whole area from house to fence that isn't underwater is thick mud."well, it looks lovely." Harry says with false cheer."Ugh, and I just got clean." She grouses."Best to roll up your pants legs then. It's safe to walk on- I've cleared all of the rocks and nails and glass shards over the years." Harry says.With great distaste, Hermione follows Harry out into the muck. Immediately, they sink in a few inches, mud oozing up between their toes. With a wet sucking sound, Harry lifts on foot up and takes another squelching step."Ugh, Harry." Hermione complains."It's not that bad!" Harry protests, working his way to the corner of the house. "They had a conservatory here, so the ground is a bit more stable.""A conservatory?" Hermione asks, carefully sticking to the footprints Harry's already left in the mud."Yeah, it was where I inflated Aunt Marge like a balloon. If we'd been inside, she wouldn't have floated away. But since we were out here…""Wow. The Obliviators must have had a fun night." Hermione says."The who?" Harry asks, trudging to the fence."Honestly, Harry do you read anything you aren't forced to that isn't quidditch magazines?" Hermione grumbles. "Obliviators are responsible for hiding the evidence of wizards. They are the ones who modify the memories of muggles and maintain the wards over magical enclaves like Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade.""Lockhart would have been a shoe in then." Harry remarks, poking around the fence posts. "How identifiable is this runestone going to be?""How should I know? I've never seen a rune stone. But, knowing how ostentatious wizards are, I'd say fairly obvious. What was that about Lockhart?""Okay, Sorry. He tried to wipe Ron's and my memory. That's how he wrote his books, after all. He found people and erased their memories, stealing the credit. There was a whole article in the Prophet last summer.""That's despicable!" Hermione says with disgust. "Now I know why McGonagall collected all the sixth- and seventh-year girls end of last year.""Oh Merlin. You don't think-" Harry swore."Would you put it past him?" She shot back."No. Makes me wish I had kicked him a couple more times though." Harry says."At least he can't hurt anyone again." Hermione says."Unless he recovers." Harry spits."Oh, he won't." Hermione says with a feral grin. "I overheard a few of the seventh years who were going to work at St. Mungo's- he isn't going anywhere. They blamed him for failing their NEWT DADA exam.""Serves him right." Harry says.They continue to search the backyard, checking along the fence and under the bushes. The mud is thick, but the rain would have washed anything hidden out into the open."Harry, I don't think it's back here." Hermione admits, wiping her hands on her legs."Maybe in the front of the house?" He suggests."Worth a shot." She agrees. They trudge around the house to the front. As the day wore on and the sun dried things out, the scene has much improved. The road is covered with mostly dried mud, but at least it isn't flowing anymore. The ditch by the side of it still has a healthy stream running through it, but otherwise everything is recovering from the surprise deluge. Hermione and Harry poke and pull around, but still no ward stone appears. "Harry, I don't think it's out here either.""Neither is the mailbox. But that was here. Do you think the ward stone got washed away?" Harry asks."Harry, what if I was wrong about it messing with electronics? Then it could be inside the house, and it would even be likely to be in there. Somewhere central." She reminds."Yeah, but I just- I think it's out here. I can feel that it's not inside, if that makes any sense?"She bites her lip, "I don't know.""C'mon. We can wash off the muck with the hose in the back." He says."Harry, without power, the hose won't work.""Lucky for us, the Dursleys had to be perfect to the neighbors. They have a rain barrel for watering the roses. That's just gravity." He explains."Smart of you." She praises."Well, I have good reason to try my best, don't I? Have to impress you with my hostmanship." He says with a smile."Harry, 'Hostmanship' isn't a word.""Sure it is.""Pretty sure it isn't." She argues."I just used it, so it has to be one." He shoots back, connecting up the hose."Prat." She sticks out her tongue."Bossy." He teases back."Harry Potter you take that back!" she yelps."Now you're just proving my point." He says, laughing."You. Take. That. Back." She says, punctuating each word with a blast from the hose she wrestled from him."Never!" Harry shouts, seizing the hose and spraying her. Her gasp of shock means that the war is on. They dance around in the mud for a while, quickly draining the rain barrel. Both lightly soaked, the impromptu water fight ends with them washing the mud off and heading inside."That was surprisingly fun." Harry admits, looking over. "You aren't mad that I got you wet?""I used the hose first. Under the standard rules of war and escalating weaponry, you were fully in the right to return in kind." She says primly, de-plasterning the shoulder of her shirt from her skin. Truth be told, they're not that badly wet. Harry has a stripe down his pants, and on his shoulder. He got Hermione across the back, and in the face when she ducked unexpectedly."So, where in here would you put a ward stone?" Hermione muses."I've never seen anything it could be. Maybe up in the attic?" he offers."Worth a shot." Hermione agrees, "lead the way."They dry their feet and go upstairs, Harry opening the door to Vernon and Petunia's bedroom."The attic is in here." He explains, leading her into their private bath. Indeed, in the ceiling is the hatch for the attic. Harry pushes it open and finagles the stairs down. "I'll warn you; it'll be dusty.""I don't mind some dust. But," she pauses, "Do you think there'll be wasps?""They have the house sprayed every other month, so I doubt it. But I don't know the last time someone has been up here. So, maybe? Hopefully not." Harry explains."Then we'll just have to be careful." Hermione adds. When Harry doesn't say anything she continues, "Get it? Bee careful?""I understood. But that was a terrible pun, Hermione. It stings my sensibilities that you'd use one so weak." Harry deadpans."Really? Stings my sensibilities? Now who's crawling around the truth? That really bugs me, Harry.""And for my nest trick…" Harry says, pulling aside a few boxes, which reveal a widow and let some light in. "Shedding some light on this situation.""You've really got me in a box here, Harry. Some real attictude." Hermione smirks,helping him move the boxes"These are awful. Can we just shelve this?" Harry asks, looking through a cabinet."Only if you're ready to admit defeat. I've got this in the bag." She rejoins, tossing the burlap away."Sorry, your pun was trunk-ated." Harry shoots back, pulling out a somewhat familiar looking trunk. "I think this was my mom's. Remus told me it should be here.""I don't see the wardstone up here through," Hermione adds, walking to Harry and the trunk. "Maybe we missed it.""It could be anywhere." Harry says. "Help me get this down? I'd like to go through it without all this dust." Hermione takes a moment to look around, and notes the billowing clouds of dust they stirred up, caught up in the contest of puns."That would be illuminating." She can't help but crack one last pun.Together they lever the bulk box down the attic stairs. Harry folds them back up and tucks the attic away, then drags the trunk of supplies left behind out of the master bedroom."What do you think is in there?" Hermione asks."I have no idea. Remus told me my Mum was going paranoid when she made it, so anything really." Harry says."Well, we'll find out soon enough." Hermione says, helping him drag it down the stairs. Just as they get the trunk to the living room, where there is plenty of light, a knock comes from the front door."I wonder who that could be?" Harry wonders, moving toward it. Answering it, there are two adults on the porch, and two cars perched on the street."Mum! What are you doing? How'd you get here?" Hermione asks in a flurry, darting past Harry to hug her mother."Well, I was worried, dear. You left and then the storm hit. We lost power shortly after, so I have no idea if you tried to call. Thankfully, the officer helped me get past the blockade and your grand aunt told me about Harry here." Mrs. Granger explains."I'm glad to see you safe." The officer says with a weary smile. "We've been running search and rescue all night and we're still finding people. Glad to see someone found safely.""Do they know any more about the storm?" Hermione asks him, twisting around but not leaving her mother's embrace."Nope. It's got the eggheads riled up something fierce. One moment skies are clear, then next there's a supercell over London. Completely unknown. But I'm sure they'll announce something once they figure it out.""What about power and phones?" Mrs. Granger asks him."Here, they said a day or two. Dunno about anywhere else yet." He says, taking a step back. "If you're all good, I should probably report back. They need every hand. Just follow the same route back out, I'll radio them to let you through.""If you think it would help morale, feel free to share our story." Mrs. Granger says to the officer as he walks away. He tips his hat and climbs in his car, which rumbles to life and rolls away. She then turns to Hermione. "Alright Hermione. Let's grab your things and get going. Dad is beside himself with worry. He needs to see that you're safe.""But Harry-" She bites her lip."I'll be fine Hermione. Let me give you the number for the telly, so you can call me once they get things working again." Harry says, letting them both inside.She grabs her bag from the couch and waits for Harry to return."Here you go." Harry says, handing over the scrap of paper with messy scrawl on it. Mrs. Granger tugs Hermione's shoulder and they leave the house. Once they're both in the car Mrs. Granger clears her throat and asks,"Is it just me, or was Harry not in a single one of those family photos in the living room?" With that, the dam breaks and Hermione starts talking.Harry lets the door close and watches the cars roll over the mud. As they turn out of the road he loses them in the houses and trees. While sad to see Hermione leave, Harry is a little glad she's gone. He needs a few days to get things together, to figure out what he should do. He was so determined at Hogwarts, so fired up to do things a certain way, but now the truth is sinking in. If he does some of these things, then everything changes. Harry knows Dumbledore has plans for him, he'd be a fool not to. But Dumbledore let Sirius die. Or at least, his plans did. Sirius, supposedly the last of Harry's family, is dead. Remus was convinced of this and advised Harry so. His suggestions were some drastic changes: the wards, the house, training. Remus wanted Harry to be someone, to grow powerful and stand on his own. And Harry thought it would be cool, but he also knew it would be the end of his childhood. He'd had much of it torn away already, and Lupin wanted him to give up the rest of it. To study and train and make himself independent of anyone. And then there was Tonks, who wanted him to take his seat. To use his fame. Harry scowled. He didn't want any of it! He wanted to just be Harry, to be normal. As heir, he couldn't just date and play around and not worry. He'd be responsible for people, or things, for making decisions that could change the world. There was still a chance he could have some fun along the way, but Harry was a realist. With his luck, he'd be fighting a full on war within three months. He'd be forced to be an adult. Even as he leaned toward giving up this mad quest to change things, he remembered Tonks' story. She wanted to be normal too, but she realized that just wasn't going to happen. So, she adapted. She overcame. She did what she knew to be right. And for all that he hated it, that he didn't like it, Harry knew what the right thing to do was. He didn't really have a choice.Harry flopped down on the couch and blew out a breath. Everyone wanted something from him. Wanted him to do this, or do that, or not do this. But who did he want to be? What did he like?Well, he could channel Hermione and list them out. Gabbing a piece of paper and a pen, Harry sat down at the kitchen table. "Harry Potter likes and dislikes:" he named it.Likes: Magic, Flying, knowing what was happening, Friends, TreacleDislikes: Malfoy, Voldemort, people keeping things from him, attention, the DursleysIt seemed a pathetically short list to Harry, but it conveyed enough to him for a decision. Some of the items were related, like Malfoy and the Dursleys- both annoyed and belittled him. Other, like being aware and attention were at odds. He knew that if he wanted to be aware, to be included, he had to make himself a place to sit at the table. Vernon had long espoused that there was no such thing as a free lunch. So, he had to compromise.It was easy to agree to some things, like staying on the quidditch team. Sure, it drew attention, but it allowed him to fly, and the attention was something he earned. Other things, such as taking up his seat or making a play for the Black magics were harder to accept. If he made a bid, then there would be no going back. He would be the Boy-Who-Lived, hyphens and all. But, the thought of Malfoy profiting off of Sirius' death was unquestionable. So that was that. He was going to go with the Tonks'. And if he was going to go along with them, then he might as well go with Remus as well. Harry scarcely thought Dumbledore would approve of him seeking the Black magics. That sounded like the exact opposite of enjoying his childhood. As Harry stretched and shredded the document with newfound determination, something bubbled up inside of him. His fingertips tingled and buzzed. Harry was concerned, but as he sat up, the feeling grew softer on one hand and harder on the other. Focusing, he realized that he could feel the whole sensation along his body, from the tips of toes to the split ends of his hair. Following the strengthening feeling, Harry walks back upstairs. He moves down the hall and back into the master bedroom, and through to the bathroom. Hair on end, harry pulls the attic back open and climbs up. He slowly searches again, circling around the small space until he's directly in the center of it all. The floor beneath him is solid wood and no board pry up. He's only stumped for a moment before Harry looks up. Directly above him, rafters. Harry drags a couple boxes over and stacks them, climbing up and searching along the wood. Atop the rafters is nothing but dust, but his fingertips feel like they're going to start spasming. Above the rafters is only the roof- and harry realizes he's on the wrong side of the house. Jumping off the boxes, he wrestles the window open and carefully steps out. Balancing because his life does depend on it, Harry climbs to the very top of the house and searches. There's an indent in the spine of the roof, a small section chipped away. Harry edges closer, fighting the energy coursing through him. He can't even feel the hand he sticks into the hole, fingers barely tightening on the small blue stone. With a slight zap, Harry feels the charge leave him, grounding in the orb he's cradling.Once Harry is back in the kitchen, he looks over the stone. It's blue, like he first noted. Hard and shiny, with cut edges. He holds it up carefully and looks through it. The fading sunlight just barely shines though it and he can almost make out a series of symbols carved into its faces. With a yelp, it slips through his fingers and his other hand shoots out to catch it. Holding it back up to the light, Harry catches the almost invisible lines radiating off the orb like otherworldly strings.Following the strands of invisible power, Harry walks out to the back garden. Nested in the corner, burned on part of the fence post that is normally buried in the dirt, is a formerly unnoticeable circle of runes. Harry takes a handful of mud and rubs out the circle. The moment the delicate lines are broken, the stream of power flowing to the corner vanishes, and the stone in his hand grows a bit brighter. He follows the next stream of power to the corner of the house, where there is another rune circle carved in. Harry repeats his process and the wards on the home shrink even more in, the clouds within the stone clearing up with each successive rune brushed away. The next anchor he finds in the garage- stuck to the ceiling is a parchment with another rune circle drawn on. He breaks it too. With one stream left, the sapphire is much clearer than before it almost glows from within, warm to the touch. It takes Harry a moment to find the last rune circle, as it's far trickier than the others. Rather than pasted on or carved in, this one is made of living things- namely Petunia's prize roses. Only by tracing the pattern does Harry realize the significance. All this time he'd been keep the wards on the property strong, not by living there, but by pruning and feeding the roses. Harry takes pleasure in raising a shovel high and scooping out the precious plants.While happy to break the runes, Harry is somewhat attached to the flowers. He had raised them the past near decade. He replants them in a different spot, using both the uprooting and planting to disrupt the circle. When the final rose bush is replanted, and the circle breaks, the stone flashes. It heats up in his hand and beams of light shoot out from between his fingers. The gem sings with power, warm and bright. Harry takes it inside and slips it inside his shoe, making sure to use the one that doesn't have a hole. He blinks and looks out the window, only now noting the dark skies. His search took the whole day! Harry quickly fixes himself a light dinner and rushes to bed. If the phone were restored tomorrow and Hermione called, he'd better answer, or face her wrath!

Though Harry stuck close enough to hear the phone if it rang, Hermione did not call the next day. Harry had worked through everything inside on the list of chores the Dursleys gave him by noon the day after, checking on the rune stone from time to time. It hadn't dimmed one bit nor cooled off. The trunk he had Hermione help him carry out of the attic had not opened for him, and the lock was beyond his ability to pick. Lost as to what to do, Harry started on his chores outside. The sky and not grown cloudy since the storm, and by now everything was dry again. Harry mowed what little grass survived and tended to the roses. He walked along the road for a ways, searching for the missing mailbox to no avail.With nothing better to do, Harry composed a letter for Professor Lupin. He asked about him mom and the trunk, as well as the ward stone. Hedwig was out, so Harry set the letter down and pulled out his textbooks. If he had nothing else to do, then he might as well start his summer homework and the review for Flitwick and McGonagall.Eventually Hermione did call- to invite him to study with her. He accepted, eager to get out of the house, and caught the bus to her place. He packed a few of his textbooks, but little more. Her mom greeted him and lead him to where Hermione was working. While he didn't have his Potions book, which she was working through, he did have his Charms and Transfiguration book, not that the tome did him any good. His copy was proven to be wrong by simple comparison with Hermione's. Hermione closed up Potions, reasoning that it served her no purpose to work on something he wasn't prepared to do yet, and they moved on. For Charms, Hermione had a strict 18-inch limit on the benefits and drawbacks of the cheering charm. Harry had no set length, just a prompt of the process of combining charms. What 'combining charms' was, it didn't explain.Harry could see three ways of answering the question. Way one, he could write on what he did in the common room the last day of term, using the banishing charm and leviosa to sort and direct. Or, in a different direction, he could elucidate on the actual formal combining of charms. Such an example could be found in the simple ice cube charm, as it combined augumenti and glisseo, the water condensing and freezing charms. Lastly, he could compare and contrast the other two, discussing how they are similar in execution, but wildly diverse in their mechanics. Harry decided the final one was the best option, as it covered both bases. After lunch, they traded what they had and critiqued the other. While Harry normally didn't catch much mechanically wrong with Hermione's, he was a good sounding board for what was superfluous or restated. On her part, Hermione caught his numerous spelling and grammar mistakes. As had become the norm last year, without Ron there to run interference, they both were intrigued and wowed at the others knowledge."Harry, this is fantastic. While I find your first suggested method to be dangerously unpredictable, as you're effectively throwing two district streams of magic at an object without taking into account the other forces and effects, your second method sounds much more careful and precise." Hermione says, scratching at the paper with a red pen."Yeah, but just wait for the conclusion- the two methods are inherently identical in effect, even if they are diametrically opposed in nature." He says with a smirk, well aware that she'll be frothing at the mouth for his thoughts. "Your breakdown of the cheering charm is nice and concise, not much to cut out. You lag a little long on the long-term addictive effects but given the dearth of research in rehabilitating those hooked, I understand why. Advocating its use as a stopgap measure in extreme cases is brilliant, given the danger of messing with brain chemistry. I can't wait to see the rest."An hour later, unable to stay still any longer, Harry closes his textbook and stands up."C'mon, Hermione. I've got to move around some, and I bet it'd do you some good too." He tugs her to her feet, and they wander in the Grangers' back yard. It's smaller than 4 Privet Drive but feels much more welcoming. The grass, while soft, is patchy and overgrown in some places. Hermione fishes out a tennis ball and they play catch for an hour or so. When her parent's return from work, he gets invited back with instructions to bring his potions book next time.The next day they finish Charms and start Transfiguration. Hermione lays in the grass and compares the two editions of the textbook every time Harry has to get up and move around. Despite bringing alone his Potions text, they don't manage to get to it. But, they do finish Transfiguration.The third day in a row studying with Hermione, Harry cracks. "Hermione, please tell me you have something besides schoolwork to do this summer?""Harry are you telling me you're bored?" she asks, looking over her book."I guess I am." He admits, flopping in the grass."I wondered how long it would take." She giggles."What?" He asks, voice flat.""You didn't honestly think I spent all summer reading?" she says, poking him with her foot. At his silence she yelps, "Harry! You're worse than Ron sometimes." She ignored his squawk and continues on, "Lucky for you, I've only lived here my entire life. Do you know how to swim?""Not really." He admits."Be honest here, yes or no.""No." he clarifies."Do you have swim shorts?""No." he says quietly."Hmm, well, maybe we still have my cousins tucked away from when he left them here." She muses, running upstairs and digging around. Harry follows her slower, and by the time he crests the stairs she's throwing them at him. "Try these on.""They're a little loose." He calls from the bathroom."Dudley loose or just a little?" Hermione shoots back."Not that bad." He says, walking out in the palm tree print. Hermione hooks a finger in his waistband and tugs, ignoring his yelp."They're tight enough. Make sure to cinch the tie as tight as you can we don't want them sliding off." She says, closing the door to her room. "Grab a couple towels from the closet too. Not the nice ones." She says, through the door."The one's I'm used to?" Harry asks."Yeah. You don't want bath towels at the pool- overkill." she calls out. "There should be sunscreen in the cabinet over the sink downstairs. I'll be down in a moment."Harry finds the sunscreen in the cabinet and moments later Hermione clonks down the stairs. She's got a large bag over her shoulder, he can see the edge of his transfiguration text poking out."Is that a good idea?" he asks, pointing at the old textbook."Oh, right. Disguise charms hadn't been invented yet." She grimaces and leaves it behind, stuffing the towels and sunscreen in the bag. "I brought you a pair of dad's flip flops. They'll be big, but easier than shoes. The pool is just one street over, so it shouldn't be too bad." Harry slips them on, and they are huge on him. But he can manage if he grips with his toes really hard."I think that's everything." Hermione says, scribbling a note for her parents on the off chance that they're home before them.She opens the door and leads Harry out, locking up behind them. The pool isn't far, just down the road and over one. Harry and she arrive in no time, and she signs them in with little fuss. She finds them a pair of loungers not too in the shade or sun and drops her bag."Well, go on. Get in." she says, turning and pulling off her sun dress. Harry, who has never such as dipped a toe in a pool before doesn't do as expected and instead watches her. She's wearing a salmon sundress over a dark blue one piece. Harry can't help but watch as she pulls the light dress off, his eyes tracing the progress of the hem as it climbs up her legs and over her stomach, past her chest and over her head. She turns and sees him still standing there."Oh, you've never been to one of these have you?" she suddenly realizes. "Here, let me show you the rules." The pool is nothing special, just a small affair bottoming out at five feet. She leads him in to the shallows, telling him a story of her first few times coming here with her dad. He's nervous at first, but as she keeps talking and going deeper, he slowly forgets. Before he realizes it, Harry has been tricked into neck deep water. Hermione laughs when he says something to that effect."This is the best way to get you acclimated." She confesses, diving down and swimming off. "You should be able to stand from anywhere in here, so get comfortable in the water.""Where are you going?" he asks nervously."I'm going to read some." She says, waving and climbing out of the pool. (Harry tries not to watch her bum drip water and sway away, but he can't look away.) He drifts nervously around for a while, paddling awkwardly around the edges, afraid to go deeper. It an accident that he's pushed out from the wall, a wild cannonball pushing him out as he's between shuffling. Harry panics for a split second before his feet scrape the bottom and he realizes that Hermione was telling the truth, that he can stand from anywhere."Hey dude, sorry about that! Didn't see you there." The boy says, popping up and wiping the water out of his eyes. "I'm Nate, what's your name?""I'm Harry.""Nice. My friends and I are about to start up some volleyball, you want in?" the boys asks."I'm not sure how to play." Harry admits slowly."You don't! That's a shame that is. It's real easy, I'll teach you." Nate drags him to a shallower section. "Too deep and you can't get the height to play properly- not unless you've got mondo legs. Anyway, goal is to get the ball over the net, and have it hit the water on the other side. Three touches to get it back over without it hitting the water before the other side gets a point. You got it?""I think so." Harry says."Good. If you don't, it's just some points. You'll learn." Nate says, clapping Harry on the shoulder."Paul, we've got an extra, but he's new. That okay with you?" Nate shouts."You could have twice as many players and I'll still beat you." The other boy teases, tossing up the white ball. "Who gets first possession?""Let me take it. I want to show Harry how to serve." Nate says, catching the tossed ball. "Alright, hold it like this and pop it a good one." Nate explains, tossing the ball up and punching it over the net. Harry suspects this isn't the proper way to do it, but it works. Plus, he really doesn't know the sport so- he blinks, and the ball is coming straight for him. He smacks it, but it just spins and falls to the water."Point!" Paul roars."Good instincts Harry! Next time, closed fist or hit it with the base of your palm, not your fingers." Nate says, picking up the ball and tossing it over. Harry slowly adjusts to the rhythm, getting in a hit every once in a while. It isn't until two games later that he feels like he has a grasp on things."You're learning this pretty quick Harry." Nate says as they huddle up. "Score is three to 2, we're leading. Two points and we win this one. But they're close behind. Harry, I want you to cover the back. Get it forward but not over. I can spike it on them." Harry nods and wades back. The serve is quick and viciously low, just barely clearing the net. The return is equally fierce, and the game is on. Back and forth the ball flies, punctuated with loud claps of flesh on wet rubber. Nate almost gets a spike off, but one of the other team bounces it up. Paul jumps and smacks it, trying to spike it in return. Rather than hitting the water, the ball hits the lip of the pool and roll away."Good job Paul." Nate shouts, wading to the edge."This yours?" Hermione asks, standing at the edge and holding the ball."Yeah, thanks." Nate says, catching her underhand toss. "You're welcome to join." He offers."Not right now. Maybe when I finish this chapter of my book. Have fun Harry." she says, waving."Dude," Nate says, wading past Harry, "Your girlfriend is hot." The game resumes, but it isn't long before disaster strikes. Nate had the perfect setup for a spike to win the game, but one of the other team dove for it. They misjudged the distance, and the ball came down on their face. Hard. They popped back up , fine, but their nose was streaming blood."Foul!" Paul shouted."It was an accident." Nate protests."I'm fibe." The boy says, holding his nose. "Everythibs all goob.""Go get your nose looked at dude. You're getting blood all over the ball anyway." Paul says, smiling at the boy."Yeah, thibs hurts. Ow." The boy says, dropping the ball and wading to the edge."Well, we're down a player." Paul sighs."What happened to double, and you'll beat me?" Nate teases."You got the kid with puma genes." He says, pointing to Harry. "Your reflexes are crazy." Harry just shrugs."Hey, pretty girl, your chapter done yet?" Paul suddenly shouts."Just finished it, actually. What's up?" Hermione asks, bookmarking her book."We're down a guy. Help us out?" he asks."Hmm, a chance to humiliate Harry? Sure!" She grins cheerfully."Hermione." Harry groans."Suck it up and take it." Nate says, elbowing Harry with good cheer. "We're still ahead. How good can she be?"Down by two points and a good player, Paul wasn't expecting to win. Nate wasn't expecting them to lose. Harry and Hermione though, knew otherwise. The moment Hermione joined, Harry knew they were doomed. The first serve was an ace. The next bounced back and forth twice before being ruthlessly smashed down. In the span of three minutes, Nate saw his lead evaporate."Harry, we've got to do something. Go distract her." He orders.Harry switches as asked but has no clue what to do. He and Hermione are across from each other, both ready to fight for the win. The ball is served by Nate and gets returned by Paul. Harry bops it back, counters Hermione's quick return and, feeling the second return shot, leaps up. Hermione, who jumped for a spike, is surprised by Harry's lunge and nearly misses her shot. But she twists at the last moment and send the ball crashed down behind him. She flops down over the net, crashing onto Harry. The pair surface, face to face."I win." She grins, eyes wild with the challenge."This time." Harry promises.Both Nate and Paul wriggle their eyebrows, but don't say a word. "We've got to head home, but anytime we're here you're welcome to join in. Both of you.""We should probably start heading back too, Harry." Hermione says, climbing out of the pool."Alright." He says, hoisting himself up and out."Did you have fun?" She asks as they dry off."Yeah, I did." He says, almost surprised."Best part?" she asks."You and Volleyball. The pool is nice but playing with you is loads better." Harry confesses.She smirks, "You just like the view. I saw you looking a few times.""It's more than just that. I like you- you're fun and competitive. I will win next time.""Sure, you will." She says, slinging an arm around him. "Sure."On the way home, they stop by a store and pick up lemonades. Walking down the sidewalk, sipping on lemonade, Harry asks a question. "Hermione? Can I ask for some advice?""Sure." She says, glancing over. "What's this about?"Harry takes a deep breath, "it's about me and my life. When we were leaving Hogwarts, Remus talked to me about taking more control of my life.""Harry, you're just a kid. There's no rush to grow up. Enjoy being young." She advises."You sound like Dumbledore." Harry says."Then that settles it. If I sound like him, then it's a good idea.""I met an auror, Tonks, after the train. She wants my help-""With what? You're just a student. She's an auror. She has no business asking you for anything." Hermione says."It's the Black Family Magics." Harry continues, ignoring her interruption. "They want me to try to claim them.""Harry, that's not right. From what I know, they're asking you to formally take up your heir status- to oversee your seat in the wizengamot. You don't need that pressure in your life. Listen to Dumbledore.""If I don't then Malfoy gets them." Harry says quietly."Then Malfoy gets them. Big deal. He's a pompous arse, but that's all he is. With his grades he'll never amount to anything at all. He's harmless.""But-""But nothing, Harry. You wanted my advice, you have it. Let this go. Enjoy being 13. Play quidditch and don't worry about the politics until later. We have OWLS in just one more year.""Hermione-""No, Harry. You're too young to worry about this. Follow Professor Dumbledore's advice, and stick to school. This isn't your problem.""I suppose I was old enough for the basilisk." Harry says darkly, his temper rising."Of course not! That was bungled by the ministry-""Did Dumbledore ever contact the ministry?" Harry asks."Surely, he had to, he's Dumbledore! He wouldn't not. Any headmaster of a school is required to report things like that.""Funny. It never showed up in the prophet.""I assume the Ministry suppressed it then." Hermione sniffs."and Snape? You can't tell me he's teaching by the rules.""Professor Snape, Harry. And he's not ideal, but he isn't breaking any major rules…""Taking points for breathing? For me not helping Neville with his potion on the other side of the room? For being unable to answer OWL potions questions?" Harry snaps, his anger rising."I'm sure he had his reasons." Hermione says. "He is the foremost expert in potions-""Says who?" Harry snarls. "Who told you he was?""I read it in-""I also read the parselmouths are all evil and should be killed as soon as they are discovered.""Well, Harry you've only met one other parselmouth, and well…""Really Hermione? And I suppose when they say that muggleborn's steal magic from purebloods, causing squibs, that has to be true too." He says pointedly.The slap is unexpected and shakes Harry to his core. He never expected Hermione would- She wouldn't, but- His cheek burns, and he has to turn his head to look back. His earlier anger at her interruptions and dismissals banks and grows, and unbidden, his eye's start to spark.Hermione looks at her friend and can't understand what just happened. She had been talking and he had said something so terrible and she- she- He takes a step forward and she can't help but flinch. The look in his eyes-"Have a good summer, Miss Granger." Harry manages to bite out, barely keeping a lid on his fury. He turns and walks, heading for the bus stop, textbooks and homework forgotten. The whole ride home he gets dirty looks for the red mark on his face, but inside he's only hurt.For her part, Hermione, sits on her front step and can't help but cry. It all happened so fast, she didn't even have time to think she just-How could he say something so terrible?When Harry gets back to Privet Drive, Hedwig is waiting for him with a letter."A letter for me girl?" He asks, eager to distract himself. He opens the letter and reads the first line.Dear Mr. Potter, my name is Andromeda Tonks…

The next day is bone dry, like all of the moisture has been sucked out of the air. There's not a cloud in the sky and the temperature shoots up, accompanied by a pitiful breeze that does nothing to cool anyone off. Whatever puddles had been left over from the storm are long gone by mid-morning. By noon, the ground has cracked. In the midst of this heatwave, Harry sits down in the kitchen and rereads the letter Hedwig delivered yesterday. He has dark circles under his eyes, the product of a night without sleep. Hermione's actions hurt him more than just physically- she's made him question his friendship with her.Dear Mr. Potter, my name is Andromeda Tonks. You met my daughter, Nymphadora, when she helped you return home from the debacle with the Hogwarts Express. I do hope you are alright and have no lasting injuries, nor any friends that are in recovery. When she took you home, Nymphadora, for lack of a better term, propositioned you as to talking up your own house magics and extending a claim on the House of Black's. Her response was that you seemed amenable, but that you had some reservations, mostly not knowing what you are getting yourself into. I hate to push you into taking up your house duties so early, but the Malfoy's will stop at nothing to gain power, and I really would not like to see my old house fall into such ill repute. Therefore, I am writing this letter as an introduction and opening a line of communication. Feel free to reply by owl or drop by my husband's practice. He runs a mixed law firm, catering to both muggle and magical clientele, situated down the street from the leaky cauldron. His name is Ted, and his office is Trunks and Tonks. I look forward to hearing from you! Andromeda Tonks P.S. You have a lovely, if pushy, owl. She stole half of Nymphadora's bacon this morning.Harry had looked up the law office in the telephone book and found the address. They also had a number listed, but Harry wasn't sure what to say to whoever answered it. He didn't think a lawyer would be answering his own phones. So, Harry resigned himself to another crazy ride on the knight bus."Ello gov! Hey, Ern, it's that kid again. You remember him from last august!""Hello Stan." Harry winces."Kid! I've never seen someone turn so green and yet not let it out. Where to?" the shrunken head on the dash says."Um, Tonks and Trunks Law offices." Harry says."Got yourself in some trouble? Good man Ted. Did some work for me. Well, what are you waiting for? Step on up." Stan chides."Right." Harry says, and takes Stan's hand. With great trepidation, he climbs aboard the deathtrap."Take it away Ernie! Hold on. Gonna be a bumpy ride!" the head mounted on the dashboard shouts. Harry, prepared this time, immediately latches onto the closest solid object, which happed to be the bar by the door. It takes all of his skills learned though long hours of dodging bludgers and holding onto his broom to remain in place and not be bodily thrown about the bus as Ernie rockets through traffic."You know, I still haven't got your name." Stan asks him, chewing on the end of a pencil."Like I said last time, I didn't say." Harry responds, fingers white and arms stiff as they corkscrew around a gridlocked bridge."You're not up to no good, are you?" Stan asks, defying every known law of physics and leaning in while the bus careens wildly upside down."Um, no. all legal." Harry responds.Stan wrinkles his nose. "That's boring.""Sorry?" harry says."Hey kid, it'll be your stop in ten.""nine.""Seven and two thirds.""five and a quarter.""three and six eights.""You know that's just three fourths, right?" Harry says, opening his mouth when she should have focused on keeping his feet. Distracted as he was with his fancy simplification, Harry lost his grip and found himself plastered to the windshield again."Trunks and Tonks law offices." The head announces."Whatchu doing up there?" Stan asks, peeling Harry off the glass. "This your stop, mate.""Thanks." Harry says drily."Anytime! Your fare today is six sickles and a knut."Harry hands over the coins and step off of the bus. He resists the urge to kiss the ground after it pulls away, but only just. He does reconfirm his promise to himself that the moment he learns a different method of travel he is going to use it. Anything has to be better than that! Harry pats down his clothes and changes the shoulder his bag is slung over. He double checks the sign and opens the door.He half steps back to let the lady walking out pass by and has to curse when she stops."You look awfully familiar, young man." She says, stopping to look him over. "I'm not sure where from, but I swear I know you.""I'm-" Harry starts to explain."No, don't tell me, that takes all the fun out of it." She cuts over him. "Let's see. scrawny, glasses." She hmms. "fair skin, sharp cheekbones." She tuts. "With that hair you're definitely not a Malfoy. Could be a Parkinson, but I think I'd know if old Filmore had a son or nephew. Oh, but those eyes! You can't be a Parkinson with those pretty eyes! Not a Flint nor a Nott either. The Lestranges are a dead end right now, so you can't be one of theirs. Maybe a Black? You've got the petulant look for it.""I'm sorry but,-" Harry tries to say."Hush, I'm almost there. Where was I? Black. You could be one of Regulus' lost pups, if he had any. You're not roguish enough to be Sirius'. So, that leaves only one possibility, you're Jamie's sprog. Cousin Jamie and dear Lily. Hello, Harry.""Hi. Who- who are you?" He asks."Well, I guess I couldn't expect you to recognize me. You've never seen me, and my daughter stays far away from her base form. I'm Andromeda Tonks." The lady says with a fond smile. Harry doesn't want to trust her, but something in him says that he can.She scrunches her nose, "Though if you're Cousin Jamie's then you're probably going to call me Andy too. Everyone knows he started the name war, calling me Andy, like Andromeda is too long or too proper. It was only natural I rebuff him in kind. Course, the joke never got old. His wedding invitation was addressed to Cousin Jamie, threw old Dorea for a fit. Charlus, your grandad, he didn't see the humor in it, but she did. Though Jamie got me in kind. It was a nice invitation, all dolled up in Lily's neat hand. Jamie had terrible penmanship, you know. But he got to decide the name and she wrote. So, of course it was addressed to Andy and Ted Tonks. Made the neighbors pull me aside and confess they thought my husband was a poof and having an affair.""You- wow. This is more about my parents than anyone has ever told me." Harry confides, looking around to notice that they've migrated down the street to a muggle café. "How did you-" he asks, whirling around. "I didn't even notice we were moving!"Andromeda smirks and sips her tea. "It's a useful skill to know. Now, I suppose you came to discuss the letter and the whole-" she waves her hand."Diving headfirst into a pool of piranhas?" Harry volunteers."Oh, don't say it like that. They only want your sperm, not your blood." She shoots back."They- they what!?' Harry sputters, suddenly glad he hadn't touched his drink."Well, you're the last of a long line of powerful magicals. The ministry doesn't want to see yet another house go extinct. They're already going to be up in arms about the Black and Potter houses combining." She explains."Wait, slow down. The Black and Potter houses combining?" Harry asks."You really are clueless." She says, setting her cup down and raising a hand to stall his anger. "I mean no offense, but how else would you put it? You've been in the wizarding world for three years and haven't learned a single thing about our society or how it functions.""It isn't like I done nothing but play quidditch!" Harry snarls."Easy there tiger. I didn't mean it that way. The onus to learn is on you, not to teach. Someone should have been instructing you from the get-go to catch you up to where you should be. Don't feel like you've done anything wrong here, if anything you're the one who has been wronged. You and everyone under your house's purview." She says, laying a hand on his arm."I'm really in a bad spot, aren't I?" Harry asks."I won't lie to you; it is a bit of a pickle you've been forced into. If you'd like, I can help, but I have to know where to begin.""Where should I start?" Harry asks."Academics. If you don't have a firm place to build from, then the more advanced will be infinitely more challenging. You can read and write, and do basic maths?""Yes, but my essays are all marked down for poor construction." Harry says, opting for full candor and suppressing his pride."Alright. Stop me when I hit something you don't know. Addition and subtraction, fractions, multiplication and division. Simple formulas, algebra. Geometry.""Geometry." Harry butts in. "My math book stopped at algebra."She looks pleased. "You're actually ahead in math compared to most non-Ravenclaws. I'd suggest you look over arithmancy if you aren't already. If it doesn't interest you, that's fine, but if you are even remotely intrigued then go for it as it won't be much of a challenge.""You have a solid grounding in the basic sciences?" She asks."I think so?" Harry volunteers. "I'm not sure what the basics are exactly.""We can test on them later." She says, waving it aside. "Now, do you know how to balance a book and budget?""I'm guessing balancing a book does not refer to putting it atop one's head?" Harry jokes."Regretfully, no. It would be much easier if it were though." She says, marking it down."Now for deportment." She eyes him over. "Are those clothes choice or necessity?""A bit of both? They're comfortable, but I don't have any that fit better yet." Harry explains."See to it that you get some proper clothing. You have decent enough manners for someone who was not trained, and only a few bad habits, which can be corrected without too much trouble.""Bad habits?""You slouch, darling." She says, eyeing him over her glass."Oh." Harry says, straightening up."Better, but not quite." Andromeda says. "Now, as for your cultural knowledge, I'm going to leave that at the most basic. Even if you do know it, it cannot hurt you to review it. And, since you probably picked most of it up by piecemeal, there are sure to be bits missing. Like that you greet a group by age order.""Did not know that." Harry says cheerfully. "See, learning already.""Indeed." She says, suppressing a smile. "Now, for brass tacks.""Sounds painful." Harry chirps."The best time for you to submit a claim on the magics is in two weeks, at the summer governance meeting. Between now and then, we will have to teach you how to walk and speak and carry yourself, as well as acquire you a wardrobe suitable for politicking. We will also have to gain a handle on your current finances and situation with Gringotts. I am prepared to teach you every day if need be, but I do not think it is that dire. I suspect some of these things will work themselves out nicely.""That's a lot." Harry says."It is. I will not lie to you, this is a lot to ask. But I am asking. I cannot do anything but ask for your help. I love my house, even if they cast me out. I do not want to see it sullied further. Both of your parents were noble people, and Sirius was too before he fell ill of the Black madness.""The Black Madness?" Harry asks."Yes, it's a rather unfortunate reality. The Black Family magics are powerful, equally so to the Potters. But, they have a price just like the Potters. To be the head of the Black is to walk the line between the void. Teeter on the edge of madness and brilliance. My dear sister slipped and fell before Sirius.""Sister?" Harry asks."Bellatrix. Trixie was my older sister once, before she was a Lestrange. My father tried to supersede succession with her, since she was easily the strongest of us all magically. But it backfired, and the family magics seared her mind. He never recovered." Andromeda explains."Why would I try and seek them if they're so dangerous?" Harry asks."You're better off than anyone else to try and seize them. You've got the Potter blood to shield you. Your family magics will protect you from the worst of it." She says, dismissing the issue. "So, as I was saying, like your parents and Sirius, you too are firm in your convictions and character.""Can I think about it?" Harry asks."I'm afraid not. There is little time as is." She says."Oh. Wow." Harry says, drinking deeply from his tea. He wasn't ready to decide. He meant to go and get some information, to learn about the situation more, not to be forced into deciding! As he drank, he thought it over. On one hand, Andromeda had told him more today about his family than anyone else he had met. And she was going to help him. On the other, this was handing his life over to someone else. And risking his sanity. He felt he should trust her, but he wasn't certain. If he did this, nothing would be the same. Everything would change. But, as he snuck a look over his cup, he saw through the show for just one moment. She was worried, truly worried about her house. And she cared for him. Already, there were notes and book titles scrawled on the paper she was writing on. He could see she was hopeful in him, trusting him to take care of her house, her legacy. Even if it wasn't technically hers anymore, she was still handing him something she valued very, very much. One of the few things left from her childhood. How could he say no?"I'll do it." Harry says softly, then stronger. "I'll do it. Though it sounds like madness, I'll do it.""Really?!" She yelps, drawing looks from the tables around them, but throwing her arms around him all the same. "Thank you, Harry. Thank you." She babbles about her notes for a moment before suddenly starting. "We should go to Gringotts.""Why? Don't I need to learn some things first?" Harry asks."Not really. The Goblins are straightforward creatures. They value strength and cleverness above all else besides their patron gods.""Which gods would those be?" harry asks."Well, their names are unintelligible on our tongue, but the closest analogue is Vulcan and Dionysus. Creation and Drunken Revelry. The whispers I've heard say that their forge parties are the best thing since the summoning charm." Andromeda says, paying their bill.With Andromeda leading, they blow through the Leaky Cauldron like pureblood royalty, drawing eyes and hushed whispers."I hate it all." Harry groans as people stop and watch them."Hate what?" Andy asks."The fame." He says."Well, you are the wizarding worlds third most famous celebrity. I'm sorry, dear, but Merlin and Dumbledore have you beat. You're closing in on Dumbledore though, just four points last I heard." She says, patting his head."Oh? That close?" Harry says, "Think if I dance a jig I'll edge him out?""Hmm, probably not with those robes he wears. Maybe if you mooned the Minister though." Harry laughs at the suggestion, and they enter Gringotts with cheer."Miss Black! and Mr. Potter! We didn't expect you for another few weeks yet." The goblin says as the line moves, and they walk up."I wasn't aware I was expected at all." Harry says. "Don't you all need my key to confirm it's me?""New wards. They read your signature as you walk in. Very fancy! Of course, for anyone not you they need a key to access your accounts. As for the situation, I'm afraid so far there has been no progress." The goblin says."What situation?" Harry asks."How can you not know? The letter was delivered to you." He says, checking something on his parchment."I haven't received anything." Harry says."According to our wards, it was delivered to your hands.""That's strange. Could someone have layered a misdirection on top of the mail ward?" Harry asks."Don't look at me, I never did runes. Made my eyes hurt they did." Andromeda says."What mail ward, Mr. Potter?" The goblin asks."I was informed I had a mail ward and that you all were collecting it for me." Harry explains."May I take a scan, Mr. Potter? I want to confirm what you say. It is completely non-invasive. Just a prick at your magic field.""Um, sure?" Harry says. A moment later he winces as it feels like something sharp pokes his side."Fascinating." The goblin says, flipping the sign on his desk to closed. "Come with me, both of you! It seems we have done you a disservice."

The goblin teller led Harry and Andromeda past the counters and down a corridor that, to her memory, no witch or wizard had ever been taken down. The gilded front of the bank faded into drab stone, grey and imposing. Rough bricks that had dirt or plaster smeared between them, shored up every so often with a pillar of stone or wood. Even more comforting were the impositions of the wall where it had collapsed and been repaired.Despite their hesitance and doubt, their guide set a blistering pace as he navigated down passage after passage of identical grey walls. Harry and Andromeda, despite their longer lags, had to rush to keep up. They only had brief moments to look around and take in the changing architecture as the rough stone too faded away to more regal and gilded walls. Carved reliefs and frescoes of goblin wars and leaders started popping up.They looked hideous to the humans, but that didn't mean the goblins couldn't find them beautiful. The most elaborate ones were almost always of some battle or execution, the stone and light arrayed in such a way that it appeared to move on its own and reenact the scenes. The Goblin slowed down some, consulting something on the walls every so often. The statues had also changed, ever so slightly- they now showed wizards and other humans in them. Of course, the humans were always subjugated and often being punished for their crimes, but it was nice to see their own kind again.After another bout of wandering through halls and trying not to be intimidated by the art, the goblin let them into a stone room. It had no windows, which wasn't weird, but it was all stone. Stone floor, walls, table, chairs. Everything was hard stone. Behind them he closed the door, and Harry heard a grinding sound from the bolt sliding home."So what now?" he asks, turning to look at Andromeda."Now we wait. They wouldn't have brought us all this way back here unless they meant to do something with us." She replies, sitting in a chair."Something like kill us?" Harry asks."Of course not." She replies, "They'd have done that in the lobby."There's no clock or sunlight to judge by, but it feels like they wait forever in the room. They hear nothing and nothing happens. Andromeda does take to passing on advice to Harry as she remembers it."Wands were banned in these halls by the concord of 1794- drawing one is punishable by death. You are allowed to defend yourself, of course. Goblins are a warrior culture and do not believe in—"The bolt on the door cracks and the stone slab swings open slightly."-in laying down their lives without a fight." Andromeda finishes, quietly poking her head out of the door. "It's empty. Something is wrong. The enchantments don't fail like this unless something is very wrong. We have to get out of here."Harry hurries behind Andromeda, the witch rushing without hesitation through identical halls. Somewhere they must take a wrong turn, as they start to hear the sounds of fighting.Andromeda rounds a corner only to push harry back and retreat, "Four goblins fighting. Back." She whispers. They try another path, but there's no escaping the fighting, no path without resistance. Worse they can't tell who is who in these fights. All of the goblins are shouting and screaming in gobbledygook, which neither one of them speaks."We're going to have to fight." Harry says quietly as they rush around another set of hallways."It's too dangerous!" Andromeda responds, turning back to face Harry. A set of Goblin warriors step out from another hall as she turns back."Dammit." She growls, her wand flying into her hand. "Don't die!" she shouts to Harry. The warriors are on them in moments, and Harry doesn't have time to draw his wand before he's rolling from a sword. Andromeda is much better prepared, sending one of her attackers flying.Harry fumbles out his wand and swishes it at the goblin, forgetting to say a spell. A shower of red sparks fly into the warriors face and he reels back. "Impedimenta!" Harry shouts, and the goblin slows to a crawl. The other one is on him and Harry has to dive away from the swings of his axe.Twice more Harry is forced to roll before he hits the wall and has nowhere else to go. The goblin smiles and draws back the axe for the last swing-"Duck!" Harry flattens as best he can and something hot flashes overhead. When he opens his eyes there's a black furrow carved in the stone above his head. The hall smells like burning meat. Andromeda helps him up and dusts him off."That was close." They rush down the stone halls, dodging patrols of goblins as best they can. As they descend down, lost in the warrens below, they start to find bodies. The goblin ones are bad, but worse are the handful of humans they come across. It's no one Harry knows, but still that anyone was caught in the attack is bad.Twice more they have to face groups of goblins, and twice more they prevail without injury. But the third group they run into changes the game.Harry didn't think this was any different than the last attack. Andromeda hit the group with a blasting hex, sending them flying, and he darted in to flank and stop them. But, as the blasting hex closed, the goblin closest batted it aside with his shield. The deflected hex hit the wall and blasted out a shower of rock. Harry was caught by the spray and fell. The four goblins charged Andromeda, the fifth coming to finish off Harry.Harry had to do something, had to stop them from killing Andromeda, to save his own life, something, anything—The smell of ozone once more tickled Harry's nose and his hands sparked. The goblin warrior drew near but didn't see anything. He casually swung his sword down to lop Harry's head off, but the moment the steel was close enough the lightning jumped from Harry to the goblin. Harry shoved his way out of the rubble and thrust his hands out, bolts of electricity arcing into the foursome of armored goblins attacking Andy. Caught between the two of them, the squad fell in moments. Harry's lighting was only helped by their armor, while Andromeda's spells made quick work of exposed goblin."Nice party trick." She teases, scooping up a dirk from one of the fallen goblins and tossing it to Harry. "Just in case."They continue on, since stopping to rest would almost certainly doom them. But the fighting and pace wear them out. Andromeda is the first to flag, and Harry slows to match her."We have to be getting close to the exit." Andromeda gasps, leaning on the wall for a moment."I sure hope so." Harry says, watching the tunnels for more goblins. It's a maze down here, a warren of stone corridors and dizzying heights, covered by thick track on which the carts ride.Andromeda was wrong, horrendously so. They were not getting closer to the surface- quite the opposite in fact. Each turn and skirmish brought them deeper into the depths, closer to the real fighting. Figuring out what was happening was a delicate task, as neither spoke gobbledygook. Still, they eventually worked out that another branch of goblins was invading, trying to steal the fortunes contained within Gringott's walls. What this would mean for the families with funds stored in the vaults, they did not know.And they did not wish to find out, but neither could they repel an army of goblins. The duo were struggling with even the scouts and raiding parties- a single unit of warriors would overwhelm them. Yet still, they had no choice but to pick a direction and see where it leads. Staying still would not be in their best interest. During a raid, policy was swing first question later.Andromeda is about to slip past another group when Harry tugs on her sleeve and points. Huddled in an overturned cart is a pair of humans. They're hidden for now, but the group of fighting goblins is not ten feet from them. The chances of them surviving are slim to none if they leave. Andromeda would rather keep creeping along than get engaged and possibly injured, but the look Harry gives her, the mix of helplessness and hope swirled with determination and compassion, she can't deny him."This is going to be tricky, as we can't know who is friend and who is not." She whispers, "We get down there and draw their attention. Whoever attacks we take out. If they don't attack, we don't engage. You understand?""Yeah." Harry says, moving to drop down from the ledge they're perched on."Stop!" Andromeda hisses, pushing him back. "I'm going first. You're more important than me." She gathers her will and slides off the ledge, cushioning her fall with her magic. Landing in a puff of dust, Andromeda levels her wand and smirks, "Hello boys. Which way to the lavatory?"Immediately, three of the goblins separate out and try to rush her, only for one of their enemies to swing his axe backwards and cut one down before diving under another swing. Andromeda swishes her wand for a moment, gathering the power at the end of her wand. The tip starts off orange and grows to red, then blue, violet, and finally white before she releases the stream at the rushing goblin warriors. The white stream of magic spews forth and coats the floor, rolling forward in a wave of superheated gas, washing over the Goblins legs. They scream, falling into the soup of plasma and their screams stop abruptly. Andromeda gasps and doubles over at the drain to her magic, forced to remember that she is no young witch. She looks up to see the fight going well or poorly. One side has a numerical advantage over the other and are slowly surrounding the other as they pick off fighters. The numbers dwindle until it's just one goblin with a sword surrounded by seven others. He's growling in their tongue, batting away their blades as they probe his defenses. The group gets smart and they start coordinating their attacks. Slowly, the lone goblins' defenses fall as he sustains more and more little wounds. Andromeda thinks it's almost over and relaxes for a moment only to have her heart dive into triple time. Harry rolls under the legs of one of the group of goblins and pops up in the middle of the fight, the sword of Godric Gryffindor in his hands.Harry's heart races, the sword in his hands heavy and slick with sweat. He nearly dropped it rolling in, but he finally recognized the lone goblin."Griphook, down!" He shouts, swinging the sword wildly around him. Griphook does, and the other Goblins are surprised to see a human child appear in their midst, but they are seasoned warriors for a reason and block automatically. But their blocks do nothing as the sword of Gryffindor simply eats through their blades and slices along them. Two are smart enough to dive back and one is simply out of range. But four of the goblins surrounding Harry fall to the ground, mouths frothing as the basilisk venom infused sword slices them apart. If the sword wounds aren't enough, the venom soon finishes them off."Mr. Potter?" Griphook asks, leaping to his feet and lunging at a recovering attacker."Hi there." Harry says, clumsily trying to cut one of the goblins he didn't get originally. If it weren't to tense, the sight would be comical: a seasoned warrior of the goblin clans running from a human child struggling to swing his sword. But, with the sword unblockable, Harry has the advantage. Andromeda had picked off the other goblin that he missed. Griphook catches his opponent in a reverse double cut and walks to the Black Mistress, cleaning his sword as he watches."It is a strange day to be a goblin at Gringotts." He remarks, eyeing the track of the other magical who fled from their hiding place."He has so much energy; I figured he could use some time to run it out." She quips, following his gaze to the still ongoing chase."I must regretfully thank you for your assistance." He says, "If you had not intervened then I would not be talking to you and they would still be dead.""It was Harry who jumped in there. He recognized you and leapt to your aid. Nearly gave me a heart attack." Andromeda says."Interesting. You let him charge in like that?" Griphook asks, rubbing his beard."He didn't give me much of a choice. What's going on in Gringotts?""Barrenwold, the German branch, is raiding. They seek to take our riches." Griphook says, glancing around to make sure they're unobserved first. "Humans are never supposed to know how we Goblins handle affairs. You being down here is dangerous.""Harry must awaken his heritage before we depart. The house of Black is in danger of falling to our enemies." She replies, slyly griping her wand tighter and condensing her magic."I owe him a debt. I will help you reach the vaults. Number 14 and number 32 if I am not mistaken." Griphook says.Harry lets out a cry of triumph, having finally overcome the fleeing goblin, who had tried to veer toward Andromeda and Griphook at every opportunity. Harry's longer legs had finally made enough of a difference to scratch the other goblin with the tip of the blade, which was enough for the venom to work."What's the story?" He asks, walking up to the unlikely pair."These renegades are coming from the deep roads, just above the origin vaults. To get to your vaults we have to pass through the main body of them. Our best bet is to reunite with the clan leader and push through with them." Griphook says."No." Andromeda shakes her head. "Too risky. You told me humans aren't supposed to be down here. How will we know we will be safe with your clan leader?""I am well liked enough to- ""Nope. Not happening. Kid's too important." Andromeda says, glaring him down."Without more warriors, it is impossible to break through." Griphook says."Then you incite them to attack." Harry says, looking to Andromeda, "and we'll sneak along the side to the vaults.""That might just work." Andromeda says thoughtfully."My plan is better." Griphook says."But I like his better." She says sweetly, "So, Mr. Well-liked, go rile them up."He growls, but ambles off, sword bouncing off his back."So how do you intend to sneak over there?" Andromeda asks."The rails." Harry answers with a grin, "let's get this cart back on the tracks and we're set."He and Andromeda manage to get the cart on the rails and Andromeda climbs in, looking over the controls. "Maybe this controls the speed?" she asks, pushing a lever that seems to do nothing."I've got this, Andy." Harry teases, setting the sword of Gryffindor on the floor of the cart and fiddling with the controls before turning around. "Hang on tight!""What? What do you mean hang o-" the rest of Andromeda's word are swallowed up by the massive gust of wind as they take off.Harry hadn't listened, just drew his wand and gathered his power before flicking the wand away and screaming, "DEPULSO!" The cart immediately rocketed forward, the massive push proving Newton was one heck of a scary fellow. The backlash threw Harry into the floor of the cart, but he scrambles back up and eagerly looks over the edge.They zip along the rails, rocketing mostly though inky blackness. The brief points of light are full of Goblins, be they fighting, resting, burying their dead or tending to the wounded. Great roars echo through the halls and the clash of metal rings from below them. As they rock up on two wheels around a curve, Andromeda is almost dumped out, but she clings on to the edge of the cart by her fingernails. Underneath them is a sea of Goblin warriors, camped out and dug in with massive tents."Whoa." Harry says, looking over the horde. As fast as they're moving it still takes a minute to pass over the gathered clans."Goblins self-organize into clans, who ally with one another and have ranks. Kind of like Pirate armadas back in those days. Each Clan is separate, but they band together to accomplish more. Gringotts is the ruling clan of the British Isles. They hold fealty from some of the mainland clans too. But they're being invaded by a rival clan, Clan Barrenwold, German goblins. Humans are never supposed to be aware of Goblin politics, but Griphook was not very secure with his thoughts." Andromeda says once she regains her seat and the cart settles down.After another long pass through darkness, the duo burst back into a massive torch lit area. Far below is another horde of Goblins, with more streaming out of the darkness."Barrenwold, I assume." Andromeda says. "But we have a problem!" in front of them the track curves along the wall of the cavern before straightening out. But, right at the end of the turn the track is ripped apart, the metal torn and hanging limply. A large piece of the track is on the ground below."What do we do?" Harry asks, panicking."We might be able to fix it."Andromeda says, looking it over as they rush toward it, "Can you cast a reparo?""I think so." Harry says."It's our only shot." She replies."They'll know we are here." Harry warns."we don't' have a choice." Andromeda says, bracing to draw on her near empty reserves. Next to her, Harry mutters the incantation and wand movement, unwittingly fixing the small tears in their clothes and shoes from his leaking magic."On three. One. Two. Three.""REPARO!" they shout, and the track groans as the metal is thrown back together. The spar flies up from the ground and smashes into place, rivets folding back over the beams and tightening as the track rumbles and the cart approaches. The last few bolts lock into place as the cart rumbles over the patch and past, the horde of goblins under the track erupting into more of an uproar as they watch the humans pass by."74. 67. 55. Harry, you know how to stop this thing right?" Andromeda asks."Not really?" he shouts back as the numbers on the vault doors dwindle."You really are a Gryffindor, aren't you!" Andromeda curses, racking her brain for a solution."31. We'll have to jump." Harry shouts."Are you crazy?" Andromeda yells, noting the 24 they just flew past."Yes!" Harry screams, leaping from the cart as they rocket by vault 18.He hits the ground and rolls, crashing into the side wall with an oomph as the breath is driven from his lungs. Andromeda rushes over, having hit him with a featherlight at the last minute."Are you okay?" she demands, scanning him for injuries."I'm fine. Fine. Just winded." Harry wheezes, sucking in air."Never do that again, promise me." She demands."Never jumping from a moving cart again." Harry wheezes and she helps him to his feet."How'd you get off the cart?" Harry asks, leaning on Ms. Black."I apparated." Andromeda admits. "It was a risk, but I figured this deep the wards weren't very strong."They stagger to vault 14, and Harry presses his hand on the door like she tells him to."Why isn't it opening?" He asks."You must not have been accepted by the family magic yet." She says. "Concentrate on your identity and try again." Harry does, but in the middle of his third attempt lights spring down the hall and the rattle of weapons sounds."Company." Andromeda says, sending out a ripple of magic that distorts the flat ground in front of them.Harry tries one last time to connect to his family magics to no avail before turning to face the coming goblins. Andromeda is trying to hold them back, but there's only so much she can do against the onslaught. The entire tunnel is filled with marching goblins. And not friendly ones either. They bristle with swords and axes and chains. Armor rattles as Andromeda sends lances of lights and fire and water and ice hurtling down the tunnel. She has to duck and weave the return fire, rocks from slings and javelins, and even some arrows hissing past them. She's doing her best but they steadily advance, shields interlocked to protect against her onslaught. Harry turns back to try once more to unlock the gate when Andromeda gives a slight cry of pain and her presence fades. Harry whirls around to find her slumped on the floor, and arrow poking out of her shoulder.The horde is rushing forward and Harry panics, running forward to stand in front of her, unconsciously calling the sword of Gryffindor to him. Harry raises the sword in front of him and fights to hold the blade aloft, the tip wavering and tracing circles in the air as he struggles."A Puny wizard. Look, he can't even hold up his sword!"One of the goblin jeers. They laugh but Harry doesn't move. "Run, little human." Still Harry doesn't move. He can't. He won't. His gaze hardening, he swears to not let one of them pass, not a single one. He will protect Andy or die here trying. One of the Goblins darts forward and Harry jumps, swinging the sword at him reactively. But the goblins already jumped back, and they laugh at Harry."Well, Grimclaw, think you can kill this insect in less than a minute?" one teases. A different Goblin draws his axe and steps forward,"Two barrels says I can do it in half that." The goblin swings at Harry, who ducks the swing and lashes forward with the sword of Gryffindor. The goblin leans to the side and the sword whizzes past him, the goblin lazily hitting Harry with the butt of his axe. His nose bloodied, Harry rolls back up and lunges forward. The Goblin spins aside and swings the axe in a chop, aiming to bisect Harry at the waist. Harry drops his sword and falls, narrowly avoiding the razor edge of the blade. The goblin smirks, "Goodbye little wizard." He brings the axe up swiftly and crashes it down in an overhead chop. Much to his surprise, the axe stops inches above the boy, caught on something. A wind whips up, and slowly, the axe is forced back. Harry follows it up, buoyed by his magic into rising. His hair waves in the wind, robes whipping back and forth as it grows, strengthens, starts to swirl. Drops start to pelt the gathered Goblin horde as the winds grow harsher, the water droplets getting colder and firmer until they're pelting the Goblins.Harry floats on a cushion of air, hands tensed as arcs of electricity bounce from his outstretched fingers. His eyes glow from within, and the winds only continue to strengthen. The lashing rain grows harder, hail staring to form from within the conjured storm, by the time the Goblin horde realizes what they're dealing with, it's too late. Harry, power looming and overflowing from within him, balls his fists and glares at the invading force. A long arrow flies out of the crowd and pierces the shroud of winds, only to be batted away by a motion too fast for the Goblins to see. The storm seems to hold its breath for a moment, and the horde starts to believe that this is the end, because no human mage could be this strong at the age, no human could possibly channel such magic and such fury. Then it all breaks.The winds, carved from icy northern shores, full of ice and water and fury surge forth. Sparks crackle down from the feet of the young mage and ozone fills the air. With a mighty crack, a surge arcs through the ranks of the goblin invaders, frying the legions where they stand. The howling winds and pelting rain slowly force the Goblins back, one shaky step at a time. The energy of the storm, with nowhere to expand to is forced down the tunnels and out into the cavern of invading goblins. Icy winds and pelting rain send a shiver of fear down the spine of the invading commanders, and then the lighting strikes. Rolling waves of electricity wash through the packed masses, bounding from metal armor and down the shaft of swords. Goblins around the cave cry out and scream as they are bludgeoned, the swirling winds coalescing into a cohesive whole, a spinning vortex. The tornado rips right through the main camp, sucking away supplies and plunder and goblin alike. Into this charging mess of panicked and disorganized invaders crashed the Clans of Gringotts, for whom the storm avoids. Caught between freak weather never before witnessed by the majority of Goblins and the repelling force of the Gringotts clan, the most senior Barrenwold commander makes his decision."RETREAT!" he shouts, and he turns, only then realizing his forces had already been in retreat. Their will broken, and their advance halted, they poured back into the tunnels by the droves, tramping their comrades in their rush.Griphook and his party of warriors advance slowly into the teeth of the storm, shields held in front of them. While not actively attacking them, the storm is a force to the reckoned with and they slowly edge forward, wary of flying debris and losing their footing. To be sucked into this maelstrom is to risk death. They edge around the bend and into the tunnel, amazed to find the massive storm coming all from one small human wizard. Griphook reaches out; eyes slitted against the pelting rain and grabs Harry's shoulder."It's over. They're gone. You are safe!" He shouts. For a moment, the boy does not understand. But then he closes his eyes, and slowly the storm abates. The rain peters off and the winds die down. Slowly, he sinks to the ground and finds his footing."I think you can open your vault now." Andromeda croaks up at Harry.

Harry sat in the hard uncomfortable benches the ministry provided for those who wished to observe a wizengamot meeting and tried not to fidget. His robes itched on his neck and he felt so out of place. Andromeda had been teaching him non-stop for the past week and a half, but Harry knew he still had so much to learn before he could even approach knowing enough to be here. But, they had no choice but to come even if Harry wasn't ready. The Wizengamot session was today, and so here they were. Andromeda sat next to him, looking not at all out of place and quite like she belonged. Minister Fudge was going through the opening motions of welcoming the wizards to the meeting, and calling for the blessings of magic to guide them."It's mostly useless pontificating," Andromeda leans over and whispers, "Since magic hasn't spoken to them in decades. But, they'll soon know there's something off.""Let magic herself welcome us all to another successful year, and productive meeting."Fudge finishes, throwing up his arms as a wave a magic crawls through the seats. They're arranged in rows, a staggered half circle descending to the central podium where Fudge stood. As the magic passed, the orbs in front of their seats lit up. It was fascinating to watch as Harry knew this was far past Fudge's ability to conjure, or even Dumbledore's. He wasn't sure how he knew, but he knew it like he knew his bones. As the wave crashed over the back wall, gently dissipating, there grew a low murmur that quickly rose in volume."Silence!" Fudge shouted his face turning plum as he was ignored. He turned to Dumbledore after a few more attempts to quell the chatter. Dumbledore rose smoothly, and the whispers and questions fell silent at once."What appears to be- I see." Dumbledore says, eyes alighting on the empty seats. There were two of them, one on the second row and the other about halfway back. "There must be a mistake." He says, his wind whirling. He knows which seats these are. He knows them just as well as he knew the wizards who sat in them. Pollux, Orion, and Alphard. Fleamont, Charlus, but, most regrettably, never James."Minister, there appears to have been a malfunction. If you could please invoke the magics again." Dumbledore says, nodding his head at the Minister who is still returning to normal color.Harry watches from the back as Fudge does so, sweat visibly rolling off of his forehead as he calls them again. But Harry can see it in his face that he knows, and he can see it in Dumbledore's too. They both know that there is no malfunction, there is no mistake. Magic has spoken, quietly but with force.Fudge finishes the invocation, and has bought Dumbledore time, but the result is the same, two empty seats, orbs blinking. "Perhaps we can go along with business and ignore them." Fudge offers lightly, shrinking from the immediate hostile reaction of much of the chamber."You ask us to violate the terms of this august body, sworn to Merlin himself when he chartered us to this duty?" A man sneers from his seat on the front row."Of- of course not. " Fudge stutters, shrinking back."If I may," Lucius Malfoy says, climbing to his feet and tugging his son with him, "Perhaps I can solve one of these empty seats. My son Draco is of course the Heir to house Black. It may be that her magic's have recognized his claim and granted him early headship."Malfoy Senior and his son walk slowly down to the center, where there stands a cauldron of swirling white magics."Isn't it bad that he's up there, swearing to the house you're asking me to take up?" Harry whispers, leaning over to Andromeda as the two pick their way down."Not particularly. If anything, it's good for us. Cousin Lucy is making a mistake- not only does Draco not have a valid claim anymore, but he doesn't even really want it. Look at his feet." Andromeda replies. Harry takes a moment to focus on the young Malfoy heir and notices what Andy already picked out- he doesn't want to be here.From every other interaction Harry has had with the boy, he knows Draco Malfoy. He knows how the boy struts, how he preens, how he breathes- it's saved Harry from a nasty hex once or twice in the halls. But now, Malfoy has none of that strutting. His feet drag the steps, ever so slightly, his elbows are tucked in and shoulders hunched, his steps are light and cautious, not the firm and solid tromping of his normal dragonhide boots. His entire posture reeks uncomfortability, and though Harry can't tell given the boy's normal coloring, he seems ever so slightly more chalky."Go on, boy." Lucius orders, prodding his son forward with the end of his cane. Draco steps forward and begins the inheritance ritual, swearing to the magics and slicing his palm to drip blood in the cauldron. The room holds its breath, ready to welcome a new head, but nothing happens."Do it again, Draco." Lucius snaps, and Draco goes through the ritual again, swearing and invoking, and bleeding and—nothing. It ends the same as before, hand resting over the bowl, blood dripping and nothing. Harry winces inside, seeing the minute quiver in Draco's hand, and the nervous glint in his eyes."Foolish boy!" Lucius grabs the blade and his son's wrist. He ignores the cry of pain at the grab, and the louder yelp as he slices his son's palm from one end to the other and thrusts it back over the bowl. Drops of blood go flying over the bowl and spatter across the podium. Draco's hand is less dripping and more gushing blood, the white swirling smoke in the bowl looking more and more pink with every passing moment. Draco shakes over the bowl, one lip caught in his teeth as he tries not to cry out. Lucius shakes the hand again, fingers reaching over and prying the ends of the cut apart and-"Stop!" Harry jumps to his feet and marches toward the center, wondering what he's doing even as he does it. He can't stand the ferret, but no one should go through this. No one.As he strides forward his eyes pick out more and more of the scene- Draco's boots quivering almost imperceptibly, Dumbledore's look of dismay and sadness, the curl of Lucius lip and the white knuckled grip he has on his son's arm."Just who do you think you are?" Lucius snarls, fingering his wand and not recognizing Harry in the fine, heavy robes he has on."Mistress Magic, I give thanks for the gifts you bestowed." Harry finds himself saying as he stands behind the cauldron of magics, flipping his hood back. The room, which had set to whispers, goes silent as the air grows even thicker."To our forbearers, who carved out the space and time for the aether and for our homes. And to my progenitors, whose blood flows in my veins, whose magic sings though my skin." Harry says sharply, a tingling sweeping up from underneath his feet."Foolish boy-" Lucius scowls, but Harry turns, and the man falls silent, as the boy's eyes are not his normal, killing-curse green. He does not see the eyes of the boy who defied him-no, Lucius stares into an abyss, a swirling void of thunder and magic, the ritual having swept the boy fully into its thrall. He realizes that Harry doesn't even recognize him or his defiance- he's purely subsumed by the ritual call."I swear to my blood, to my bones, and to the world- I will uphold the honors of my home. I will protect and defend the traditions of my heritage. I will not fall to another's way, nor will I seek to sway another to my own. I will stand firm with my brothers in oath, to guide and defend our way against all who challenge. This I swear to the audience before me, to the goddess above me, and to the magics I stand before." Raw condensed magic hovers over him, snuffing torches and blowing away papers as it seeps away. Harry blinks and the presence of something far greater than any of them vanishes, but not without leaving him with a feeling of acceptance. Harry steps down from the raised podium and claps Draco on the shoulder, "Better luck next time." The blond stands bewildered, his bleeding hand clutched close as his nemesis walks away to take his seat."Order!" Fudge shouts as Harry approaches one of the empty seats. "While that satisfies one of our mystery missing members, that still leaves one.""Minster, I'm afraid I can answer that one." Harry says, turning to face the man again, "I am head of house Potter, but I am also head of house Black."When the pandemonium of the chamber is finally silenced again, Fudge looks at Harry with narrowed eyes. "By what claim would you inherit the house?""Aside from retribution at the attempted assassination," the chamber goes pale as old protocols, from before the time of this council are referenced, "by means of blood. My Grandmother was Dorea Black, of the main line. My friend Draco claims by blood of his mother, Narcissa, of the branch line. It is close, but my claim was judged stronger by the Black Guardian."The quiet tumult in the chamber goes deathly silent once again."You spoke with the Black Guardian?" A man asks, rising to his feet across the chamber. "I beg your pardon, Thelonoius Nott, but- You spoke with it? and lived?!""I did." Harry replies evenly, remembering the obsidian bird, dark and jagged and sharp and bloodthirsty. It had been in the Black Vaults, had stood judgment over his claim to the magics. Harry had paid the price for his new station, and now here he was."Sweet Merlin. Orion introduced us once and she almost took my eye." The man says reverently."She is formidable, but after the basilisk I am not easily frightened." Harry replies, bowing to the man before turning to face Dumbledore, who he knows is about to say something. Andromeda knew that Dumbledore was going to try and interfere, and thus they were ready.But before their predictions could come true, another voice broke the silence,"I beg your pardon, but did you say Basilisk?""Indeed I did. I would be happy to regale you with the tale another time, mr. ?""Theseus Scamander. My brother would be very interested in hearing your story. Expect my owl, Mr. Potter."After the interruptions, Dumbledore does exactly as Andromeda predicted, almost to the word, "Are we truly to allow a child to be forced to take on this burden?""Well, you had no problem with it when it was young Draco who was up there." Tiberius Ogden responds, cutting off Harry's reply."Draco has his father and his mother to guide him. Young Harry lacks them both." Dumbledore adds, only to be hit from another direction."If my eyes aren't going, and believe me they've seen more than enough, that's Miss Black sitting next to where he was. If that is her, then he is in fine hands." Griselda Marchbanks says primly, looking to Harry. "That is how you are going to address the issue of your split seats, is it not? You'll have Lady Tonks nee Black swear to you and take up the Black seat?""Lady Black will hold the seat for me, yes." Harry confirms, unable to stop the smirk from breaking out as he sees the feathers get ruffled through the chamber."Well, this is all fun, but we have a meeting to get through, and I'd rather not miss the Wasps performance tonight. If they lose, Ireland has a shot at the cup!" One of the wizards sitting in the front row says, and after some shouts about the two teams, the meeting gets underway. Through it, Harry can tell both Dumbledore and Fudge are not happy. Not at all.Later, once the meeting is over, Harry and Andromeda sit in her home over tea."We've come a long way." She says, sipping from her cup and eyeing the new lord of her house. She had it planned, and got a feel for his character, and he had technically been her lord since Gringotts, but now it was public."We have, but I still have so much to go." Harry groans, waving toward the side table which is stacked high with books he is slowly working through with her help."You're doing great, I have to admit. One of the best student's I've ever taught." She praises lightly."One of the best? How many have you taught?" Harry teases."You are my fourth pupil. Fifth is you count the remedial lessons I inflicted on cousin Siri. I taught Sirius and Reggie both some, and then of course my Ted. Nymphadora was my second official pupil, and then there was Severus before you." Andromeda says."You taught Snape?" Harry says. She can read the anger and light betrayal behind his eyes, but approves of how much he's shielding and swallowing down."It was one of Dumbledore's ploys for his innocence. I was a known neutral in the war, and no one in their right mind attacks a potions mistress. But, Ted was struggling to get his firm off the ground in the early days after the war, so when Dumbledore offered an incentive to take on a new student and teach them their mastery, I didn't refuse." She says primly."He bribed you." Harry says, reading between the lines, "and you took it.""It was for good reasons that I agreed, but even I did not imagine who he would send to me. I was expecting some shy muggleborn, or the product of one of the carrows or the flints, someone from a decidedly dark family who would be scared of someone having power over their child. Yet, on the day it was to be agreed that we would begin, who should show up but Severus Snape. If you think he is surly in class, imagine how he would have acted when he thought he knew everything and I was wasting his time. ""He fought me every step of the way and I had to justify every single trial I made him go through. He is brilliant at potions, no doubt about that. One of the fastest masteries I have ever heard of, but his attitude was deplorable. I got rid of him as fast as I could, giving up on extracting my revenge when he started nosing around little Nymphadora. It was nothing untoward, but still, he has no place around a child." She says. "Never imagined Dumbledore would have him teaching, else I wouldn't have vouched for his mastery.""Wow." Harry says, finding no other words."As your sworn representative of house Black, let me advise you this: if you are on his side or he is obliged to you, his potions are some of the best. But if you and he are opposed, trust nothing he gives you. The man is blindingly smart with potions, and he has nigh unlimited resources and time working at Hogwarts. I wouldn't put it past him to have advanced potion making tenfold, though the asshole will of course never share his secrets." Andromeda says."Thank you." Harry says."Just doing my job." She replies easily, leaning back. "Still can't believe you carried around a wardstone for a week and a half.""It's not like I knew what to do with it!" Harry replies, the same excuse he'd given the past three times she'd brought it up."Everyone knows to break a ward you break the anchor." She says."No one told me! I was afraid I'd hurt it or something." Harry says."Hurting a magical ward-" Andromeda scoffs. She'd found out about Harry carrying round the ward stone about that third time he visited her. Once she finagled out of him what it was, she quickly banished it into the wall and summoned a book to explain it. Harry, once his magics settled out again, had felt very foolish when he learned. The ward, without the anchors, fell back to him as it had been originally. All he had been doing, carrying around the stone, was providing a source of light and a slight weakening of the wards.They had also gone through some of the things he had found of his parents, as well as the state of his school supplies. Androemda was a quick teacher, adept at tossing out lessons at the drop of a hat, or the appearance of an ashwinder. (The fire-snake was quite polite, if tired, and was overjoyed to move into a more consistently heated home.) Harry learned about the magical world in leaps and bounds, carefully supervised lessons on why certain things didn't work- like space compression fields inside of other space compression fields. (The effects magnified, and whatever was inside the second compression field kept shrinking until it vanished.)The pair talked a little longer that night before Harry bade her goodbye. Lying in bed, Harry pulled out the letter from his grandfather that they had found in the Potter Vault. The contents of his gift vault had been lost in the invasion, which Harry was of mixed feelings about. He was sad to have lost so much, but it was things he hadn't ever truly had, so had he really lost anything? Andromeda assured him that losing a vault like he had was not unheard of, and was simply a risk of storing things with Gringotts. Harry still wasn't sure what to feel about that, but pushed it aside in favor of rereading the letter.Dear Harry, I am afraid you are never going to meet me in person. I write this from the bedside of your grandmother, who is in her final days. I am not much better. Our last adventure, we contracted a strain of Dragon Pox, and the healers are not optimistic. I am thankful for the many years together we have shared, but this is not about us. Or rather, not just about us. You are James' pride and joy, even now. Lily may curse you from time to time as you push her around, but they both love you so dearly. Your grandmother and I do as well, but looking at them, I am not sure anyone could love you as much as they do. I'm sure you are aware, that as of this time, we are at war. Magical Britain is in civil unrest, the traditionalists and the progressives clashing in the streets. Your father grew up after the war, in the peace times between the dark lords. You, I fear, will grow up in the midst of one, like I did. I graduated Hogwarts shortly before the war with Grindelwald broke out in earnest. It was in the midst of the fighting that I met your grandmother, who was on vacation, and not happy at all to have her time disrupted. She was tearing through a squad of Acolytes and doing quite well. Our romance was wild and passionate as we were thrown together time and time again. (She, a Slytherin, and I, a Gryffindor, did not have a good relationship prior to the war.)  Toward the end of the war, a dreadful attack occurred at home, and my parents were killed. I was now Lord Potter. No son wants to inherit his house in his 20s. But I had a duty- and much to my surprise Dorea followed me. While we could no longer skirmish on the front lines, instead we devoted ourselves to supporting the various resistances across Europe. In particular, a man in France named Sebastien Delacour and I forged a strong friendship over smuggling soldiers and supplies- even some non-magical ones. After some time spent in various careers once Dumbledore finally ended the war, I tried my hand at teaching charms and shipping, while Dorea focused on becoming a Healer, James was born. He can pick up the story there, so I'll leave it off.  Harry, there are some things I'd like to say to you. Some lessons and words of wisdom I feel I should pass down.  For a start, know that you are loved. By your parents, by Dorea and I, by all of your parents friends as well as our own. You are a light in this dark time, and I hope that this mess is long over by the time you are old enough to read this.  Never forget who you are. You are a Potter, and if James and Sirius go through with this reckless plan of theirs, you'll be a Black as well. You have a legacy to uphold, of honor and bravery. Of doing the right thing, no matter what the consequences are. To fight injustice, no matter what cloak of lies it may be wearing. There is never an excuse to turn your back on someone who is hurting, and no remorse for anyone who thinks they are better than another- it doesn't matter. Magical or muggle, male or female, old or young, we all have a responsibility and a duty to be the best person we can be and to support one another. In death, we are all equals.  Find you friends who support you, who cherish you, and who challenge you. Dorea has been by my side for most of my life, and she has been both a constant thorn and cheerleader. She never let me rest on my laurels. Find you someone like her, who will push you to be better every day. Trust people unless given reason not to. The American's had a saying that I approve of; innocent until proven guilty. Treat people that way, and you shall be judged that way as well.Be honest, Harry. With your friends, your family, and most of all yourself. Never pretend to be someone you are not- it only leads to pain and disappointment.  My last piece of advice to you is to have fun. It seems trivial, but do not get so caught up in tomorrow that you cannot enjoy today. The same goes for yesterday- the past and the future are great places to learn, but to reside there is foolhardy. Enjoy every moment that you can and be comfortable with who you are. I know I've dropped a lot of weight on your shoulders but know this: I am and always will be proud of you. You are my grandson, the greatest joy I have ever had, and a fine boy.  Here's to you kid, Charlus

Hello readers. You can thank midnightscar17 for this, they pushed me to take another look at the storyboard. I can confidently say that this was not where I intended to go, but Luna does as Luna does. You'll see what I mean. As always, I'd love to hear feedback. Let me know what's good, what's not so good, and what is downright criminal. Enjoy!Edit: This is fixing an issue many of you pointed out to me: Harry has met Luna before. This is what happens when you write without reviewing earlier chapters. Hopefully the edits make sense, if not, well, I'm sure you all will let me know. "Now, Harry, can you tell me why our esteemed Minister would do something like this?" Andromeda asks as they walk to the portkey location."It's a test, isn't it? To see if I can handle things. To see if I'm truly Lord Potter and Black. But, also to find out what I believe and where I stand. And to test what you've taught me, and-""I think you got it the first try. Fudge wants to get his measure of you. Now, what are two benefits of him doing this and two drawbacks?""To me or to him?" Harry asks."You, then him." Andromeda says."Well, it's a quidditch match, so if I'm not great I can use that as an excuse. It's also international, meaning Fudge has an interest in making me look competent in front of the foreigners. United British front. But, he's in control of it all. He knows the people, the location, the teams, and everything else. He knows so much more than I do about this place, especially having invited me so late. He probably ostracized someone by inviting me in their place and created both of us enemies.""You might be reaching, but there are definitely some who would see this as a slight both from him and you. Next?""As mentioned, he knows this event and the people. Also, this is my debut. I have to make a good impression and disagreeing with him publicly would go over badly. So I have to toe his line and support what he says, even if I do not wholly agree. But, that goes both ways. If I express something he has to back me up, since we share acclaim internationally. He also can bank on my reputation as the Boy-Who-Lived to draw acclaim, just from me being there.""And one more negative for him?" Andromeda prompts."He has to pay attention to the other guests. He can't observe me and ask me directly about things- he has to cater to the whims of the box. And there's only so much he can stack it.""Passable." Andromeda says as they reach the tire, "Now, for bonus points, the same with me.""You're being tested for my competency, and my behavior reflects on you. Many of the things I mentioned for me apply to you as well, but, you're walking in with a demerit already in the eyes of the box.""Oh?""You weren't invited directly. As my plus one, you are there, but by my coattails so to speak. You will not be listened to over another, and your words may be used without a chance for you to rebut them. But, you will be allowed to sit back and observe without engaging much, allowing you to gather intelligence without handing your own out. You net gain by coming, assuming your reputation will hold." Harry finishes, just as the portkey activates."Some interesting thoughts." Andromeda says, looking down at the sprawled figure of Harry, "I also am arriving as your teacher- if you perform well then I did a good job. If you're lackluster, well, it's a young boy and quidditch, what can you expect? I am an internationally known Potions Mistress, and know many of the players in the box. I am also the oldest Black sister, and no one knows where the Black Book is anymore. There are some who believe it is my hands, though of course, I have no idea what they are talking about. I certainly never saw a book full of century's worth of blackmail.""There are so many angles to this." Harry groans, climbing to his feet."There are. But you are learning to navigate them." Andy says, patting his cheek, "We have a few hours before the match starts. Why don't you have some run, see if you can find any of your friends, while I get our campsite secured.""Thanks Andi." Harry says."Just remember, we're M3-7." She reminds him."Got it." Harry nods, turning and walking toward one of the stands he spied. There was something glittering on the counter…"Hello Harry Potter." The voice comes from under his shoulder unexpectedly, and he doesn't recognize the speaker."Who?" he asks, whirling around and nearly clocking the girl with his elbow. She's short, with long blonde hair and a dreamy expression."Right here." She says calmly. "Are you here about the investigation?""The what?" Harry says."The Investigation. Minister Fudge's dealing with the Goblins. It's quite insidious.""Who- Who are you?" harry asks, not recognizing the blonde before she introduces herself."My name's Luna, but most call me Looney. Looney Lovegood." She says, tilting her head and smiling. It's a terrible smile, forced and all teeth, and the eyes don't match up. But he gets the sense it's not purposeful, just really out of practice."I-" Harry is stuck speechless for a moment, but Andromeda's training fights to the surface of his mind, "Nice to see you again Luna.""Is it? You've been very off balance since I spoke up." She chimes in, "I can go away if you'd prefer.""No, that's- that's alright. Now, what's this about an investigation?""Minister Fudge is doing what!?" Harry shouts, Luna shoving her hand over his mouth and muffling his shout."Quiet! We don't want to spook the Blibbering Humdingers." Luna whispers. "They don't like loud noises or shared secrets. That's why we whisper things to each other, so the Humdingers don't hear. Although, the babbling Humdingers share secrets, but only common ones that everyone knows. Like how Santa isn't real or the Queen is an alien in disguise. You did know that, didn't you? I'd hate to have spoilt the mystery is you weren't in the know." She looks at Harry sadly, and Harry can't help but nod along reassuringly, not certain what he's agreeing to."good." She says, grabbing his hand and yanking him though another tent. Two witches look up as they burst through the wall. Luna waves and points, doing something with her feet before darting under a table. Harry, dragged along for the ride, bumps his head on the lip of the table, the cloth sliding and a dish of pears unending itself on his head. Whilst the ladies above them giggle, Luna continues, wriggling under the side of the tent and up the other side, skipping over tent pegs and ducking lines all while humming something Harry can barely place, but reminding him greatly of the Scandinavian national anthem.Barely keeping his feet with all the ducking and jumping, Harry has to pull up short when Luna stops on a dime, stepping on a stump to look around. She looks carefully down the rows of tents before turning 90 degrees and doing so again. She lets go of his hand at her second turn and harry takes a moment to catch his breath. Luna looks strange, balancing on the stump on one foot, one hand shading her eyes the other outstretched for balance. She suddenly does a 180 and Harry is left staring at her shorts, he only has a moment before he's rudely yanked up on the stump with her, pressed too close for his comfort.Luna doesn't pay any mind to his awkwardness, or how close they are pressed together, barely stable on the tiny stump. Harry, eager to push his mind from the girl quite literally plastered to his front, locks his eyes on her nose. Luna has a nice nose, small but cute, nicely rounded. Harry does not consider the nose to be a particularly attractive feature on girls, nor anyone really, but of the noses he's seen Luna has one of the cutest. And it's twitching slightly as she peers down the line of tents."Luna?" he asks."Hmm?" she muses, holding up a hand and accidentally smacking Harry in the nose."What are we doing here?" harry says."The Minister can't move with the goblins directly, obviously. Otherwise the vampires would know he reneged. So, he has to use an intermediary. A source told me that he quietly gave orders to the chair of the department of sports, Ludo Bagman. Remember that name, Harry Potter, because he shows up a lot in these types of investigations. No one's managed to pin anything on him yet, but it's only a matter of time before get something to stick."Luna hops down from the stump and takes off once more. For a girl whose head barely comes up to his shoulder, she's wry and quick, and harry is having a hard time keeping up with the fox. She darts over and under and around things fluidly, her multicolor cloak streaming behind her. Thankfully, since he loses her when she slides under a group of wizards waiting for the water pump like she's stealing home and the bases are loaded; Harry can just follow the commotion. The girl, despite her size is not subtle in the least. He catches up to her at one of the back entrances to the stadium, held up by two Aurors who were not nearly as bored as they were three minutes ago."No, I can't let you back there." One says to Luna."But I asked nicely!" Luna says."Still no, little lady. It's not safe back there.""Would a bribe get me in?" Luna says, digging through her pockets, "The gulping plimpies warned me I'd have to buy my way out of something. Let's see, I've got half a cookie, a plum and a quarter, three knuts and a sickle, one manticore feather, and Harry Potter.""Look I'm flattered but that's not quite- Wait, did you say Harry Potter?""Yes, he's right here. But I'm only borrowing him, so you'll have to give him back by the end of the day. And you'll need to feed and walk him regularly. I don't want to give him back in worse condition that I found him in."The Auror, looking at a bedraggled Harry, dried pear juices clumped in his hair, dirt stains on his shirt and pants, took pity on them. Or didn't."One kiss and I'll let you pass.""From him, from me, to from both of us? And to you, to your partner, to the minister or to each other?" Stunned from her easy acceptance and the run, Harry missed most of the negotiations, but they appeared to consist of a high stakes game of rock paper scissors and some sort of rhyming contest.'You drive a hard bargain Mr. Auror. But what else can one expect from the law?" Luna says, grabbing Harry's hand once more, "Come along Harry Potter."Still lost, Harry follows Luna under the stadium. The space underneath is dark, shadowed light cast down from breaks in the stands above them. Beams and support columns are spread around haphazardly, a messy tangle of inefficiency. Luna pulls him determinedly in a direction, guided by some ethereal feeling. Slowly they creep up on a quiet pool of light by another door. A man in official ministry robes sweats nervously by a barrel under the light of a single lantern."Shh." Luna shushes needlessly.They wait, and after a minute or two, the door opens and three Goblins in suits file in. The middle one takes off a bowler hat and sets in on the barrel. The one on the left lights up a cigar and hands it to the center Goblin."You got everything for us?" he demands, puffing on the cigar."Yes. It's all here. Everything you asked for. It's in the bag." The ministry toady says, passing over a wriggling sack. The smoking Goblin passes it to his partner who peers inside before nodding."It's all there boss." He says."I trust this ends our business venture?" The ministry man asks nervously, wringing his hands."As long as this holds up, it does." The smoking goblin says, leaning in, "but if this is some human trickery," he crushes the cigar out on the top of barrel, "I'll be the least of your worries."The trio file out, the door swinging closed behind them. The ministry flunky visibly slumps, tension bleeding off of him in waves."Report!" a voice barks, and he straightens back up, all the weight piled right back on."Handoff successful, Director. They had some suspicions, but I think we got it past them." He says."Dammit, if you blow this I'll nail your robes to the statue pool in the atrium." The voice cracks back."I swear, I won't mess this up. I promise you. This will go exactly as we planned.""It better Ludo, or I might just leave you to them. Bones out."The man leans on the barrel for a moment, breathing heavily before rising and straightening his robes. He pulls his wand and summons a mirror, checking his reflection before walking into the darkness."I think that's everything." Luna whispers in Harry's ear. He helps her up from the dirt where they were crouched and follows her back outside."Luna, what was that?" he asks as they climb the steps of the stadium. "Who were those Goblins? Who was that man from the ministry?""Harry Potter, we do not discuss ongoing investigations for just anyone to hear. You'll have to be more discreet." Luna says primly."Fine. What was that back there?""That was a transaction. Someone had a package to sell, and couldn't find a buyer so they used a mule, and snuck the package as a discount." Luna says like it explains everything."Luna, that doesn't make any sense," Harry says, "Luna.""We don't have time to dawdle, Harry Potter. I have to return you to your owner before time runs out. I'd hate to have to pay the fees for late reternal."They finally reach the top of the stairs, which is quite high up. Luna opens the door and pushes Harry inside. Everyone in the box turns to look at them. Fudge stops what he was saying, the foreign ministers follow his gaze. Three pale blonde heads turn to look at Harry dismissively. Andromeda gives him an unimpressed onceover. From the other side of the box, the door opens and the man from under the stadium steps in."You're- mmph!" Harry's accusation is cut off by Luna pressing her lips to his and kissing him forcibly. He returns the kiss, closing his eyes for a moment before Luna pulls away."Good form, Harry Potter." She says, patting him on the cheek before skipping out the door. Harry turns back to see the Minister still looking shocked, the Malfoys' glaring even harder, and Andromeda rolling her eyes. Harry sheepishly sits next to Andromeda and she quietly starts fixing his appearance."Lord knows your godfather would be proud of you right now. Honestly, I'm not even mad anymore. There's no stopping a Lovegood, you're just along for the ride." She winks.

So, hopefully this makes sense to you all. A two hour rush typing session because I wanted to write produced this. Also, my contacts are 90% dry so everything is blurry. Let me know what you all think! For my long term fans, I edited last chapter so it's not so jarring with Luna. I hope it makes more sense now, with Harry remembering meeting her before. Thank you all for reading, enjoy!By the time Harry looks back up and thinks his face isn't quite so red, the man from under the stadium is gone. After a flurry of amused introductions, Harry tries to hide behind Andromeda without it being obvious. He succeeds, but that only makes the attempts from the other Ministers more obvious when they lean or turn to look at him. Fudge is slowly but surely turning more red as he is snubbed by the other heads of state, and the Malfoys are fuming in their seats.Draco had tried to say something, but the German(?) Minister shot something back and shut them down. Narcissa is trying to buy their way back into the conversation, but its slow going with no one bothering to give her the time of day."Is it just us and the Ministers?" Harry whispers to Andromeda."Just about, but have I did call in a favor for you. In addition to Ludo, who will be joining us after he announces the launch of the snitch and bludgers, I invited the new ambassador from France to come. He and his wife and their two daughters will be here- I hear one of them broom races." She says back quietly."Really? Do you know if she races on the EU circuit or the International?" Harry asks."Internat'nal." A voice says softly, and Harry turns."Harry! So nice of you to rejoin us. This is Jean Delacour, the new ambassador to England from France." Fudge says."Nice to meet you, sir. I'm Harry Potter." Harry says, before receiving an elbow. "And, of course, this is my lovely guest and tutor Andromeda Tonks."Jean smiles and shakes the offered hand. "You require no introduction, Mr. Potter. I'm sure there is not a wizard alive within three continents who does not know your story. What your parents did elevated a small rebellion to the front-page news world over! This is my wife, Apolline, and my daughters, Fleur and Gabrielle." Beside him Fudge bristles at the snub of England, but the introductions continue. Jean kisses the back of Andromeda's hand while Harry does the same with Apolline. Harry turns to Fleur and everything slows down."Oh dear." Jean sighs, recognizing the look in Harry's eyes. I hope this doesn't go bad."Are- are you Fleur d'Aster?" Harry asks, throwing Jean for a loop and causing Fleur to blush up."Oui?" She says nervously."I read about you debut match, it was fantastic! You totally should have won! Disqualifying you on a technicality like that, when the other racer was clearly cheating-" Harry says, his mouth taking off and outpacing his brain."Alright." Andromeda says with a smile, wrapping a hand over Harry's mouth. "Pleased to meet you all, I'm sure. I've been teaching Mr. Potter for a few months now, correcting the oversight of his previous guardians, but I'm afraid it is a work in progress. If you could just excuse us for a moment.""Harry, what the hell was that?" Andromeda demands outside of the box. "First off, daughters of ambassadors are not supposed to participate in international sports or competitions. Secondly-""Thirdly." Harry interjects."I'm pretty sure it's secondly." Andromeda argues."Point one, daughters aren't supposed to compete in sports or competitions. Point two, relatives of ambassadors and heads of state aren't supposed to compete. Point three?""Okay, if you want to be like that and really make me hate our misogynistic society, Thirdly, you never talk about the outcome of an event like this is polite company. It's on the list!""I'm sorry, okay. I just saw her, and I recognized her and it really isn't fair, she should have won.""Then you know what she is?" Andromeda asks."Yeah, she's a Veela." Harry says, rolling his eyes. "So what?""So what? You- wait here." Andromeda says, walking back into the box for a moment. Through the wall, harry can hear a loud laugh from Jean, and then Andromeda comes back out with Apolline."Blast him." Andy says, smirking."Oh, Harry, what would you do for me?" Apolline asks, shyly smiling at him. All around harry, the sound stops. The people below them on the stairs, those finding their seats, everything grinds to a halt."Do what? Do you need something?" Harry asks, confused.Apolline gives Andromeda a look and steps down to Harry's level. "Harry, tell me, what do you feel?" she reaches out and caresses his cheek with her hand."Honestly, a little creeped out. You have a daughter my age." Harry says, ducking away. "What's going on?""You, sweet summer child, are apparently immune to Veela allure. I hate you." Andromeda says.They lead him back to the box, Apolline apologizing for her behavior, but Andromeda asked if she would, and she was curious. Harry didn't forgive her outright, but said he understood. It was just a little strange."So, what was that about?" He asked Andy as they sat back down."You'll see once the Bulgarian mascots' come out." She tells him.The ambassador and the Ministers chat for a bit, Jean comfortable with all of them, even seeming to know the one from Spain personally. Ludo starts introducing the players and everyone stops chatting to watch. Normally Harry would be entranced watching the players fly in, Seamus being an avid Ireland fan, so Harry knows their line up far too well, but three seats over is who he considers one of the most talented flyers in the world. Is it bad that he's a little distracted and possibly starstruck?So out of touch and caught up in his thoughts, Harry misses the entire Bulgarian introduction and only zones back in as their mascots walk away. He blinks and wonders what he missed, with half the men in the stadium out of their seats, some even trying to climb over the balconies."What's going on?" Harry asks in the silence, looking around the box. Minister Fudge, one leg over the railing won't meet his eyes, neither will Lucius, whose wand is clenched in his hand. Even Draco doesn't provide any help, but neither does he comment, which seems odd until Harry notices Narcissa's hand clenched in the back of his shirt, locking him in place. Only the German minister and Jean seem unaffected in the box, with Andromeda and Apolline sharing a look over Harry's head."Ze mascots for Bulgaria are," Fleur seems to search for a word, her face twisted in concentration as she searches for the right word in what is obviously not her primary language, " associates, of ours. We know of zem, their history. Ze have an effect on males, an, em,""They are quite entrancing." Apolline says, saving her daughter from the struggle. "It is perhaps not fair to have them on the field, but since when is quidditch fair?"Her questions sets the cat amongst the canaries, with the various Ministers and Ludo erupting to defend the sport. In the pandemonium, Harry's question and Fleur's response are forgotten."Polly and I are going to be covering for you all afternoon, aren't we?" Andromeda grumbles, leaning over to talk to Harry without anyone overhearing, "Veela have an allure that can ensnare men and make them loses their senses. It's a magical effect that very, very few can resist. Fewer still are those immune to the charm, and even fewer yet are those who have complete immunity from the Allure in all of its forms. Congrats Harry, you'll never be normal even if there was a mass obliviation of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's actions and why he stopped." Harry nods, not really liking being special in yet another way, but unable to do anything about it. He can't help being immune to Veela Allure, just like speaking Parseltongue. It was just something he had to live with."Are Veela widespread?" Harry asks, turning to Apolline."Non. W- They mostly live in tribes, keeping to zemselves and avoiding other people. Veela who are in the public eye are not usually liked, past those in the same room." Fleur says. Harry receives a pinch from Andromeda, a warning to not ask about Veela again.Warned away, Harry tries to distract himself with the game, but it's not that interesting. From where he is, allowed to be still and not dodge having to dodge anything, its child's play to spot the snitch and track it. (Under the broom of the Irish secondary Chaser, keeping pace with the formations.) The beaters are in full force from both sides, and harry almost feels bad for the bludgers, as much as you can care about bronze cannonballs, for how they're being smacked around. None of the beaters are staying still, rocketing toward the bludgers and smashing their bats into them. Harry doesn't think either bludger has gone more than ten seconds without being hit.The chaser formations are good to watch, but its clear Ireland outclasses Bulgaria in that department. The Irish formations are crisp and clean, the quaffle passed swiftly and efficiently, minimizing the time it's in the open. They also run trick plays, faking a carry and lobbing it away seemingly at random. In contrast the Bulgarian chasers are being flown ragged, their plays breaking apart and being poked to pieces relentlessly by the greater Irish chasers. The Bulgarian Keeper and the Irish one seem about evenly skilled, but with Ireland firing over twice the number of shots; their score is rocketing higher and higher.The only place where Bulgaria beats out the Irish is in seekers. Krum, the Bulgarian seeker, (Harry only learned his name when Draco shouted it out. Before then it was grumpy, from the one time Harry saw his face.) was a far better flyer than the Irish, faking and juking to throw him off his tail. Krum spiraled through the Irish lines, breaking more chaser formations than his own chasers were. Unfortunately, his distractions cost him and he took a bludger to the leg, spinning him on his broom and costing him his lead on the Irish seeker."Not that interesting?" Harry asks, looking over to see Fleur leaning back in her seat and fiddling with her hair.She looks around, but the others are all caught up in the game, "Non. Quidditch is a little… slow for me.""I'd imagine. Their firebolts can top out at 130 cords, but in this pitch their lucky to break 70." Harry says."You think firebolts top out at 130?" She asks, smirking."Well, that's what the company published when they filed the patent and started marketing." Harry protests."That they did." She says cryptically."How fast?" Harry asks."What do you zink?""Well, I'd guess I've pulled about 136, 138 when I really pushed it." Harry admits."You have a firebolt?" Fleur asks, "We should fly. If you think you can keep up.""Me? Against a professional racer, who took her debut by storm, outflying racers with years of experience?" Harry asks."Well, if you're poulet…""I'll do it. Where and when?" Harry agrees."Well, isn't it cute? They're already arranging playdates." Andromeda says."Not even in Britain a week and she's already picking fights. I'm so proud." Apolline agrees."How long ave you two been spying?" Fleur accuses."Spying? You're lucky everyone is distracted by the game. " Andromeda counters."So?" Harry asks. "We're not allowed to talk?""Harry." Andromeda snaps, "In public, polite company, we avoid three topics, which are?""Politics, Sports, Religion." Harry groans. "I know. But it's Fleur d'Aster!""And it's not like ze game is interesting anyway. Ireland is going to drop the quaffle; Bulgaria will recover, but won't make it to the hoops before Ireland recovers it. Zey're moving so slow." Fleur says."Exactly. Krum and Adrian are looking on the wrong side of the pitch for the snitch." Harry adds dismissively."Oh?" Apolline asks, watching as Ireland drops the quaffle right into a surprised Bulgarian's hands."It's actually under the brim of the head reff's cap at the moment, but he isn't allowed to touch it at all so he can't make it go away." Harry says, glancing over the pitch."Okay, so this isn't the most exciting for the two of you." Andromeda says after Ireland recovers the quaffle and she sees a flash of light under the head reff's hat."But try and enjoy yourselves without potentially provoking an incident. Fleur competes under a pseudonym for a reason." Apolline says.The two women return to watching the pitch, leaving Harry and Fleur to their devices. Unable to continue talking as they were, Fleur moves her fingers in a pattern by the rail, but Harry can't tell what she's doing. He catches her eye and shrugs, Fleur rolling her eyes and waving him off.Bored of the game, Harry starts watching the crowd instead, picking out trends and finding anything entertaining. He watches a four year old whose eyes follow the snitch religiously once it darts out from under the head reff's hat, much to his relief. The golden ball goes on a wild chase, swirling and darting around faster than the brooms each team is using. One it finds a new resting place, halfway down the Bulgarian left hoop post, Harry moves on. He's watching a pair of witches, one obviously bored and one very, very into the game. The bored one keeps playing with the other's shirt and it takes Harry a moment to figure out what's going on. He blushes and quickly looks away. Out of the corner of his eye, he catches Fleur giggling, having seen the same scene and his reaction.The crowd roars and harry snaps his head up, hoping the game is done. No such luck, but Krum flies victoriously, the Irish seeker half planted into the grass of the pitch, his broom a few yards away."… BRILLIANT WRONKSI FEINT FROM MR. KRUM!" Ludo shouts. Harry watches the announcer for a moment, but he grows bored again and finds the snitch. (Ironically enough, hiding inside the hole in the quaffle, still unnoticed.)Harry returns to people watching, not really finding anything interesting, but eventually the crowd roars and he looks back at the pitch. Krum is a few feet from the snitch, miraculously having found it, closing in fast. He's doggedly chasing it and is moments away when a bludger smashes into the side of his head, sending him reeling. The crowd cheers and boos in equal measure, before suddenly changing sides as Krum triumphantly holds up the golden ball, his face heavily bleeding, the left side caved in from the bludger, eye swollen closed."Finally."Harry mutters, drawing a few looks from the others in the box, but agreement in Fleur's eyes.After a bit more chatting and waiting around for the stadium to empty out, they finally leave the top box. Andromeda and Harry walk to their tent, dodging dejected Bulgarian fans and elated Irish in equal measure."Not a bad game, all things considered. You might have been bored, but to the average wizard that was quite a show. Tight formations, violence, sweaty men in tight clothes, both the expected outcome and an upset at the same time- quite enjoyable." Andromeda says."Don't think I missed the insinuation of widespread homoerotic tendencies in the wizarding population." Harry replies."Not homoerotic, just gay. Some of those fans out there, obsessed doesn't even begin to describe it." She says."I hope I never have to deal with anything close to that." Harry says."Best pray to every god you can think of then." Andy smirks.Harry scrunches his face, "Really? Ugh.""Alright kiddo. Nymphadora is on duty tonight here, she'll bunk here with you in the tent when her shift is over. I've got an order that needs to be brewed tonight, so I'm not staying with you. You're next to the Ogdens, so just be polite if you need anything. Stay safe, Harry." Andromeda says once she deposits Harry at the tent.Harry putters around for a bit before turning in. The tent is nice, but nothing extravagant. A main room, two bedrooms and a bathroom- hardly luxurious. But, it's everything he needs and harry is content. Still, it's been a long day and he's tired.The first thing Harry notices is the smell of smoke. Next is that the wall is on fire, and then he's running for the exit. Harry dives out of the burning tent and hits the dirt, rolling over the grass and springing up. Shirt damp from the dew, he takes in the scene in moments.Four figures in dark robes and masks, marching down the main walkway and willy-nilly shooting fireballs at tents. Harry goes for his wand but realizes that he left it on the nightstand in the tent. He's unarmed, in the middle of the night, faced with four wizards who're terrorizing the camped crowds.Harry growls and dives back into the shadows of the tents, hating that he can't stop them, but a blind rush would be stupid. He has to wait for them to get closer. Still, as screams echo out, panicked shouts and cries he doubts himself. They slowly get closer; Harry itching to fight them with every additional scream. They're about seven tents away when he hears something that changes things: a recognizable scream."Hermione!" He shouts, rolling out of the dark and running at the masked wizards. While not sure of the girl's relationship with him, Harry still cares for her. One of the four spots him and flicks his wand at Harry. Someone throws up a protégé in front of him from out in the tents, and the curse splatters on the shield. The magic barely has time to disperse before Harry is rushing through it.Dudley, being a spoiled brat, always got the nicest toys. One of which was an American game, a digital recreation of their bastardized football. While Harry never got to play, he saw enough of the game to execute one of the more common sights perfectly, lowering his shoulder and crashing into the wizard at full speed.Unseen to Harry, his eyes glowed as he neared, his footsteps smoking in the grass. On contact the force discharged with a loud bang, the wizard flying back and smoking. Harry whirled to face the next one, stepping close enough to punch his face, the mask shattering under Harry's enhanced fist."Harry!" Hermione shouts, "You came to help me? Even after…"A red spell crashes into the third terrorist's shoulder and he drops. The last masked wizard pulled a chain and said something. Harry dove for him, grabbing his robe as the portkey activated. As he felt the hook in his gut he heard Tonks shout, "Harry!"The pair crashed into the ground, the portkey destabilized by Harry's magic leaking into the air around him. The wizard was down, his leg twisted and given the lack of screams, his not being conscious.A wand suddenly jabbed under Harry's chin and he looked up to see three more masked wizards."Such a nice gift Travers brought us." The wizard says, pushing with his wand to get Harry to his feet."You'll make a fine prisoner." At wandpoint Harry is guided toward another tent. He's pushed inside and the flap closed behind him.After stumbling and regaining his feet, Harry meets the eyes of Fleur."Merde. They got you too." She swears, arms around her sister, whose face is buried in her older sister's robes. "We have to get out of here. Ze Death Eaters, they'll kill us. Or use us for some twisted thing. I won't be a pawn again.""Fleur-" Harry starts to say before the flap to the tent opens up again and two of the Death Eaters step in. Fleur tightens her grip on Gabrielle."Give us the girl." One demands."Non." Fleur growls"You'll do as I say, bitch or-" Their attention distracted, Harry springs forward, kicking one in the side before punching the other in the face. Fleur is just as opportunistic, whirling Gabbi behind her and conjuring a fireball to throw at the one Harry kicked. He recoils as the flames catch on his robes, his partner falling down and smoking. Harry gasps for breath, hands on his knees suddenly. Fleur shoves Gabbi onto Harry and steps forward, manifesting a talon and slashing at the still burning wizard.Now bleeding and on fire, the wizard backpedals out of the tent, Harry and Fleur following. Outside there are a dozen masked or unmasked wizards all in Death Eater robes. Harry and Fleur meet eyes for a moment, instantly forming a plan and leaping into action. Harry pushes as hard on his magic as he can, and something feels like it tears inside of his chest before a bright flash and boom echoes through the group and four Death Eaters are on the ground, smoking. The air smells like roasted meat and burning hair. Fleur throws fireballs as fast as she can pull them, but she can't keep up and most of them splash harmlessly on shields. The return spellfire grows stronger and she grows desperate, pushing with her magic for anything to help. Something responds, but something not of her magical core. The fireball she just threw suddenly doubles in size and rockets forward, a sharp gust blowing the ash into the air.But they can't hold out as the death eaters spread. Harry turns as fast as he can, the air growing heavy and wet. Fleur, at his back with Gabrielle sandwiched between them, throws and pulls and does what she can. The wind whips up, swirling and building through arcs of fire and the loud booms of thunder. The five remaining death eaters are entrenched, having thrown up heavy shields or transfigured cover. Stuck defending, Harry and Fleur do their best to block and sneak an attack where they can, but without wands they're barely staying ahead of the spells.A sudden series of pops breaks through the trees and the death eaters curse, calling off their attack and retreating. The responding Aurors approach the swirling mass of water and wind, careful of the fires and the tang of ozone in the air."Queen's Aurors! Stand down, you're safe now."
