It wasn't that Rose Weasley was somehow opposed to the concept of sleep. In fact, she was quite fond of curling up under her quilt at the end of a long day, having just finished an interesting new book. However, the trouble came when, at the end of the night, she was only a few chapters in and the book was too good to put down."Rose Miriam Weasley!"Two warm brown eyes popped open, still focused on something in a forgotten dream. Rose tucked her copper hair behind her ear without thought, and it sprung back to the side of her face with just as little effort."I'm up!" she called, rubbing her face in an effort to wipe the sleep away. The left side of her neck throbbed, and only then did she realize that she was still seated in her desk chair. The pages of the book before her remained pressed in the position her head had forced them into at some point during the night.Rose had already pulled her wand from her desk drawer and was about to neaten her hair before remembering that she was still in her house. It was summer vacation, and since Rose was only twelve—No, she realized with a start. As of today, she was thirteen.Grinning, she stowed her wand and grabbed a hair elastic instead. She quickly changed into a fresh jumper and skirt and then hurried downstairs.Aunt Ginny was assisting Rose's mother in setting the large kitchen table. Hermione Weasley was laughing at something her sister-in-law had said, and the expression lit her lightly lined face. Her hair, pulled away from her face, had already begun to expand from the heat of the pancakes she had made."Here's the birthday girl," said Hermione with relief, wrapping Rose in a tight hug. "I thought you had been up all night reading again.""Of course not," said Rose. She had only been up part of the night, as evidenced by the crick in her neck. "Breakfast smells great, Mum.""I tried to help," sighed Aunt Ginny, tucking a lock of flaming hair behind her ear, "but I think Hermione was worried I'd burn the place down.""You did great," assured Hermione, though Rose was almost certain she was lying. Aunt Ginny never quite grasped cooking, which Rose didn't understand, as Ginny was excellent with brewing potions. Still, she was determined to help when she could, especially on special occasions.James and Albus claimed seats at the table as Rose's father called, "I'll be there in a minute!" It sounded like he was still in his study, which was unusual for this time of morning.Ron Weasley emerged a moment later, nearly hitting his head on the doorframe. He had the Daily Prophet in one hand and a mug in the other. He set both on the table to sweep Rose into a huge hug, twirling her around so her feet lifted from the floor."Aren't you seventeen yet?" he joked, ruffling her hair. "I could've sworn your mum mentioned we'd be getting your N.E.W.T. results soon.""Not yet," said Rose with a grin, "but it's only a matter of time."She sat next to Albus as Hermione and Ginny started plating the pancakes. James coated the bottom of his plate with syrup before handing it to his mum. Rose wrinkled her nose but didn't remark on his strange habit."Hugo was supposed to be home already," said Hermione, putting a plate in front of Rose. "He stayed over with Lily again.""They were still fast asleep when I left," said Ginny. "I think they were up late. I swear, they'll run each other ragged."Lily Potter and Hugo Weasley, only two years younger than Rose and Albus, were practically inseparable. In September, both would start their first years at Hogwarts— though Lily had attempted to sneak her way to the castle the previous year, much to the anger of her parents.The adults settled in at the table, and everyone began to eat. The food was excellent, as was usual for Hermione's cooking. Some of the pancakes had come out in odd shapes, which Rose attributed to Aunt Ginny's attempts to assist in her birthday breakfast."Harry sends his love," said Ginny between bites. "He got in late last night and is trying to get some rest before heading back to work today. He doesn't have any time off planned until the end of the month.""He'll get a week," said Ron, mouth partially full of pancake. "It'll be good for him."The rest of breakfast flew by. Rose knew better than to stuff herself full now, as there would be a dinner with the extended family tonight where she would be expected to eat her weight in family dishes. As Hermione began clearing the plates away, Rose excused herself and started towards the backyard."Rose!" said Albus, and she stopped. "Could you actually show me that book?""Sure," said Rose uncertainly, giving her cousin a perplexed smile. As he trotted up the stairs and headed into her room, she tried to remember which of her books he had actually shown an interest in recently."Sorry," said Albus after closing the door, "needed to duck away from James."Rose didn't understand until Albus handed her a small package with an envelope attached. She recognized the sharp letters on the envelope as belonging to another one of her friends, Scorpius Malfoy."I'm hexing him if he cancels," growled Rose as she opened the envelope. Scorpius had promised to come to her birthday dinner that night. It was the twenty-second of July, and neither she nor Albus had seen their friend since they parted ways at King's Cross Station.Rose,Please don't kill me. I really was going to come, but something's come up with my parents and I need to stay here for a while. I wanted to come see you and Al, but Dad says I'm not allowed to leave for now. I figured I should send this to Al instead of you in case your dad decided to blow it up. He still doesn't like me.Anyway, happy birthday! I picked one thing and Mum helped with the other. You'll probably know which is which.I'm still going to see you before school starts! Not sure when, but I'll be sure to write. If you don't get anything, ask Al. If neither of you get anything… I don't know, I'll mail the twins or something. I don't think their mum know I exist and wouldn't bother burning my mail.Promise I'm not being paranoid. Can't wait to explain. Please write.Scorpius"Well," said Albus, who had been reading over Rose's shoulder, "I can't say this is unexpected.""I can," said Rose, frowning. "I really thought he was going to come.""I was reading Mum's copy of the Prophet before we came over," said Albus, "and apparently there's this whole movement to prosecute some of the wizards from the war who were acquitted."Rose knew which war he was referring to: the Second Wizarding War, in which both of their parents had fought alongside other Hogwarts students and members of the Order of the Phoenix. They fought a wizard who had gone mad for power and immortality, dubbing himself Lord Voldemort, and his Death Eaters who followed his orders. Many died in the final battle, which had taken place on the grounds of Hogwarts itself.She didn't have all of the details, but she knew that it was a complicated situation afterwards. The surviving Death Eaters had been put on trial after the Ministry of Magic had reorganized itself and replaced empty positions. Some had been pardoned for various reasons, or served lesser sentences instead of being imprisoned. Rose knew that Scorpius' grandfather was one of the Death Eaters who had not gone to prison, but she couldn't remember what penance he had paid instead.She would have to search the Scamander library for clues. Her parents and the Potters didn't like their children reading books about the war, so they all had to go to Luna Scamander's home and visit her twin sons, Lorcan and Lysander, to do their reading. In the extensive library, they often got sidetracked by other books with colorful titles like Alighting Allegiances and Don't Drown Your Pixies: A Guide to Reworking the Unworkable."That would explain why he's staying with his family," sighed Rose. "I'm sure the Ministry will sort it out, they always do. We'll see him soon."She unwrapped the parcel to reveal a sturdy leather-bound notebook. It was a rich caramel color and was smooth under her fingertips. On the first page was a short note in Scorpius' handwriting: For all of your ideas.The package also contained a delicate bracelet. It was a vine made of silver with glittering crystal leaves poking out from the stem. Scorpius had been right: she was able to figure out which one his mother had had a hand in choosing."They're lovely," she said fondly."Yup," shrugged Albus, looking at the bracelet warily. "Come on, James wants to play Quidditch."Rose chased Albus down the stairs, protesting. "But it's my birthday!" she cried. "You get to play Quidditch on all of your birthdays— and every other day, for that matter! I don't want to today.""You never want to," said Albus as they entered the backyard, "and I didn't say we had to. I just knew where we could find James."When one first left the Weasley house, it would seem that their backyard would never end. The grass stretched out on all sides, and then off as far as the eye could see. However, Rose knew that not all of the green expanse belonged to her parents. Their house was one of many surrounding the grassy area, which they all referred to as The Grange.After the war, the Hogwarts students who had fought found that they had trouble living apart from each other. Harry and Ginny took time to travel, while Hermione continued to study and help rebuild Hogwarts. Others took their own paths: Luna Scamander (then still Luna Lovegood) had travelled to France and attended their magical school for an additional three years. Neville Longbottom stayed at Hogwarts, expressing that he didn't know what he wanted to do, but he knew he wasn't ready to leave.Eventually, the decision was made that when it came time to settle down, they should all remain close to each other. It was Hermione who had found the land, and Ginny who had come up with the concept of spacing their houses like spokes on a wheel. The land was essentially shared property amongst a group of friends who had all started out as members of Dumbledore's Army.The Potter house was technically farthest from Rose's, being straight across the center of the Grange. She and Albus could have grabbed brooms from the shed behind her house, but she preferred to walk. Really, she preferred to stay away from brooms as much as possible."I don't know what else to do with my summer," admitted Albus as they walked together. "I still have some homework to do, but I've done what I find interesting and I don't really feel like doing the rest.""We can do History of Magic this week," offered Rose, though she was almost finished with her essay for it already. "I'm sure that's one you've put off.""I even get bored flying sometimes," said Albus, stretching his arms over his head. "I know James' style too well. He's getting predictable."Rose laughed. "I won't tell him you said that," she said."He's good," assured Albus, "I'm not saying he's not. But I've been playing with him for so long now. You've been there, you probably know most of his moves too!"Rose didn't want to admit that she couldn't really follow their mock Quidditch matches. She sometimes acted as referee (always with one of her cousins or friends, who could cover her if she didn't know what call to make), but often she would stretch out on the grass with a book and threaten death to anyone who let a Bludger hit her.The sun was high overhead by the time the Potters' house came into view. Rose was glad she had chosen to wear a skirt in the looming heat, even though it would mean her legs getting bitten up by bugs if she was outside for too long. She would have to ask her mum for a bug-repellant charm before supper.James was already floating on his broom when they arrived at his house. "You came!" he cried. "I didn't think you'd want to play.""Oh I don't," said Rose casually. "Actually, I kind of want to go read for a bit. You boys can have at it if you want, I don't mind."James rolled his eyes. "Fine," he huffed. "If you're late for dinner, I'm sending a search party.""I think that means me," said Albus, grabbing the broom that was leaning against the house. "Have fun!""You too," said Rose.Albus hopped on his broom and shot out in front of James, who immediately began to chase him. She smiled and shook her head. Albus could protest that Quidditch had started to bore him, but he still had that same gleam in his eyes as soon as he mounted a broom.The walk to the Scamander house was short. Luna was outside, a wide-brimmed hat concealing most of her face as she knelt in one of her many gardens, inspecting a wildly pink flower."Hi Aunt Luna," said Rose, trying not to startle her.Luna looked up and smiled softly. Her cheek was streaked with dirt, and there was a purple flower tucked behind one ear. The flower's head was being partially crushed by the hat."Rose!" she cried. "Happy birthday dear. I hoped you'd stop by before dinner. The boys are in the library.""That's where I was headed," admitted Rose. "How's the garden?""Adequate, I'm afraid," sighed Luna. "I'm trying to keep up with it, but I keep feeling like I'm doing something wrong. Rolf will be by in September and I'll have him spruce everything up then. That always helps."Rolf was Luna's husband, though Rose hesitated to use so traditional a word. Rolf travelled the world to study magical creatures and was only ever home a few times a year. The twins hardly knew him, though neither seemed to mind. Luna had raised them on her own, though she always seemed pleased when Rolf came for a week or so. Rose was always itching to know more about their relationship, but it seemed out of place to ask such questions.The Scamander library was nothing short of beautiful. There was a general system of organization, which Rose always tried to help with, but there were too many books for it to be called neat. There were always teetering stacks in corners and against shelves, and the desks that had originally been for reading had turned into tables to store more books. Now only the center of the room was used as a reading space, where Luna had placed large, plush chairs below the sunlight streaming in from overhead. Two of these chairs were currently occupied.One of the boys looked up and grinned."Told you," said Lorcan, closing his book with a snap."I didn't disagree," said Lysander, not looking up. "I kind of assume you're right at this point.""Happy birthday!" cried Lorcan, pointing eagerly at the chair next to him, which Rose sprang into. "I was just reading our new Defense book. I don't think I like it.""You've gone to Diagon Alley already?" said Rose, trying to mask her immediate reaction with a tone of indifference. They typically took such trips together."No, Mum already had it here," said Lorcan.A thought occurred to Rose: "Lorcan, we haven't gotten our reading lists yet," she said."I know," said Lorcan serenely.She knew better to question him, just as his twin brother did. Lorcan was showing signs of having the Sight, and ability that let him glimpse pieces of the future. They had gone from subtle signs to the large, flashing, neon types Rose had seen in some of the Muggle films her mum had taken her to. Lorcan was studying with the Divination professor at Hogwarts to hone his gift, since it seemed to come in sporadic bursts that he couldn't yet control. Often he would say something and not realize he was referring to the future until someone pointed it out to him. Rose had adjusted to the odd outbursts and tried to not show when they spooked her, for fear of upsetting Lorcan.Lysander finally looked up, keeping his finger in the book on his lap. "Sorry," he said, "had to finish that. Happy birthday, Rose."Lysander was in Gryffindor with her, though both twins were a year her senior. Both she and Lysander were frequently asked why they weren't in Ravenclaw if they liked to read so much. She had grown tired of explaining that Ravenclaws tend to be voracious readers because they value knowledge, but there were other things she valued more. Now when people asked how she ended up in Gryffindor, she usually just shrugged and went back to whatever book she was reading."Thanks," she said. "James and Al are off flying, but I wanted to see some of your mum's war-era books.""Should be the same spot as usual," said Lysander. "Not too much has moved."Rose went to search the rows of books as Lysander returned to his page. Lorcan looked at the book he had abandoned, made a face, then picked it back up."I just don't care about Defense," he called to Rose as she searched. "I like Charms better. I don't really intend to go up against Dark wizards. Or creatures," he said, making another face at whatever was illustrated on the page before him."You never know," said Lysander calmly. "And there are plenty of charms that are useful in Defense, and defensive methods that will help you with your charms.""I predict Lorcan hitting you if you keep sounding like my mum," called Rose with a grin.The section of books about the war was smaller than the others, but it always held a sort of fascination for Rose. These books had always been off-limits to her and her brother, but Hugo had yet to show a real interest in what had happened twenty years ago. He had simply accepted that his parents were people of great note in the Wizarding world and not asked much more than the information he was given as to why. Rose, however, was fascinated by the histories and tried to absorb as much as possible.She ended up with two books: How I Gave a Monster Mercy and Rebuilding Magical Europe. The first was written by a former member of the Wizengamot, the wizarding court that dealt with high level crimes in the magical community. The second was a compilation from a few authors, including (Rose was shocked to see) her mother."Did you know Mum wrote part of this?" Rose asked as she returned to her chair.Lorcan shrugged. Lysander said, "I know she's written a bit, but I don't remember what books they're in. Mum's mentioned it a few times."Rose knew that Hermione had been asked to write a lot following the war, and their own library contained a book she had written, along with compilations she had taken part in. Most of them were about coming to terms with the Muggle community and understanding their way of life. It was something her mother had always been passionate about, having been born to and raised by two non-magical people herself. She had made it part of her life's mission to change how the magical community viewed Muggles.Lysander glanced at the titles on Rose's lap and frowned. "Don't let those stories from the Prophet get to you," he said. "Mum says this sort of thing happens every few years. Scorpius and his family will be fine.""I just wanted to do a bit of reading," said Rose, feeling somewhat defensive, "that's all. Know more about what's going on.""Before your parents catch you," said Lysander with a small smirk."Birthday immunity," declared Rose haughtily. What better day to be reading material her parents had declared illicit?Rose started with How I Gave a Monster Mercy, flipping through the chapters. They were each titled after a wizard who the Wizengamot had tried, and detailed the case and the journey to reach a verdict. She recognized some of the names later in the book as belonging to former Death Eaters, but Scorpius' grandfather was not listed. Though a large number of the cases resulted in the wizards not being imprisoned, and some were even exonerated from their charges, they were still under the Monster header of the book, which rubbed Rose the wrong way.The next book was about the journey to heal the magical community following the war. Rose skipped the details about how many people had died; there were some things she didn't want to dwell on. She knew that's what her parents were trying to keep her from by banning these books.She found a chapter written by her mother, titled Healing Ourselves: Justice and Forgiveness.I'm constantly being asked how I feel about some of the people who followed Lord Voldemort being set free, or not condemned to spend a lifetime in prison. Everyone who asks me these questions expects me to be angry that any leniency is being shown to these people who murdered my friends, tortured my teachers, and tried to destroy my world.I am still unsure of how to express how I feel, but I'll try. Every life that we lost at the Battle of Hogwarts weighs in my heart. I can feel those names with each heartbeat. Some days are worse than others. Some days, my head doesn't dwell on that awful period of time. Some days, I sit in a room alone and let my head be filled by the names of the dead.I can't add any names to that list. There are some people whose actions are unforgivable, and I want nothing to do with the sentencing of those people. I'm not saying that I can forgive what some of the Death Eaters did, but there are some whose names I don't want hanging in my heart. There are some where I want to find a redeeming quality to hold onto. I would so much rather say that a person has some good inside of them that is worth fighting for than condemn their life to what they've already done.As publicized following the battle, Harry Potter survived the Killing Curse through a sheer miracle. It was nothing we could have anticipated, and nothing he thought was possible. He thought he was going to die that night. Honestly, most of us thought we would all be dead by morning.More remarkable than him surviving that curse, however, was what happened directly following it. When asked to confirm that Harry was truly dead, one of Lord Voldemort's followers lied to him. She pronounced him dead, even though she knew he was still alive. Even with all of the awful things she had done leading up to that point, she decided that there was enough good inside her to change.Narcissa Malfoy stood trial with her husband and son seven months after the battle. Harry testified on her behalf, detailing what had happened and how she had saved his life. He told the Wizengamot that every person in that room was still alive because Narcissa Malfoy had taken an enormous risk to save his life. He asked them to give her mercy in his name, for what she had done for him. What Narcissa did in the forest did not absolve her and her family for all of the wrongs they had done during and prior to the war. However, it showed that there was something worth fighting for. There was a change that could be made. And I have chosen to believe that we, as humans, are inherently redeemable. A change can always be made.It would have been so easy to see every Death Eater who survived the war thrown into a cell. It would have been just as easy to have lobbied for their execution and see every one of them die, when the Wizarding world was clamoring for justice and my fellows were hailed as Gods. But enough lives have been ended by this war. There comes a time where you have to move on. Clear your head. Don't forget the list of those we lost, but realize that there are other lists that have to take its place. I try to list the names of my friends who did survive, and take time to celebrate their lives. I list what we have accomplished in the years that have passed. I list the people I have personally seen grow from the mercy extended to them, and how the world has changed from their personal contributions to it. So, how do I feel about the decision not to say yes, lock them all up and throw away the key? I am proud, and terrified. I try not to think about it. I'm scared that in forty year, we will be facing another war because of the mercy my friends and I lobbied for. I'm relieved that I'm able to take steps to move on from the tragedies I witnessed and the horrors that I thought would never leave my head. I'm proud that I am able to see the good in people when I have every reason to turn away from them.You temper justice with mercy. You try to forgive when you honestly do not have to, and maybe you shouldn't. You remind yourself of the times you've been forgiven when you've done something you thought made you irredeemable. You think about when someone has stuck up for you when they didn't have to. You have faith in the human spirit. You have faith that we will persevere, and through that faith, the world will improve.

The latter half of the summer progressed as it had up until that point: slowly. Rose forced Albus to sit with her and work on their History of Magic assignment, bribing him with leftover cake from her birthday. She had learned that bribing Albus and James with food could work wonders on their stubbornness.A week after Rose's birthday came Uncle Harry's, which wasn't celebrated with the usual pomp and circumstance seen on the Grange. He refused to have a party every year, opting for a quiet dinner with his wife and children. It was the first time Rose had seen Hugo without Lily all summer. They spent the night playing Gobstones, which Hugo loved due to Rose's shrieks whenever one of her pieces squirted it foul-smelling liquid at her for losing.The next day, Harry stopped by as Rose was sitting down to breakfast with her parents. They both got up to hug him, and Rose waved. She knew he would be gone for a week. He left every year the morning after his birthday, though she still didn't know where he went."He looks like hell," said Hermione softly after Harry left. "I hope he gets some sleep.""I'm sure he will," said Ron reassuringly. "He is on vacation, remember?"Hermione rolled her eyes, and Rose had the feeling that her uncle wasn't going somewhere particularly relaxing."Can I go to Lily's?" said Hugo, his mouth stuffed full of food. He had been eating as quickly as possible, clearly working up to this question."What would you do if I said no?" said Ron, his voice a pretense of a stern father. "I think you should stay here and help your mother sort through some paperwork. You are preparing to go off to school, you know. You're going to have grown-up responsibilities."Hugo's eyes widened in horror, and his parents laughed."Yes, go see Lily," said Hermione. "I'm making salmon for dinner, so be sure to be back for it!"Without another word, Hugo bolted out the back door, which swung shut behind him."Albus coming over?" Ron asked Rose.Rose nodded. "We're hoping to hear from Scorpius," she said lightly. "I want us to meet him at Diagon Alley to get our supplies.""Letters should be here any day now," remarked Hermione. She and Rose both carefully ignored how Ron's face had tightened at the mention of Scorpius' name. "Do you need any new robes?""I don't think I've outgrown them," said Rose, "but I'll check when Al gets here."At that moment, the back door opened and Albus popped his head in. "Morning!"He hopped into the seat Hugo had vacated and looked at the mostly empty bowl before him. "Someone was hungry," he remarked. "Dad just left, he'll be back next week.""He stopped by," said Rose, getting up. "Come on, let's go upstairs."She flew up the steps, then looked back to watch Albus struggling with them. She was convinced that her parents had drawn inspiration from the ever-changing stairs at Hogwarts, though at the school they only moved, while these were comprised of shifting geometric blocks. For some reason, they seemed to give Albus a difficult time on purpose. He finally made it to the top, gave the last step a swift kick, then followed Rose to her room."Nothing from Scorp," said Albus before Rose could ask. "And nothing more in the paper about his family, so perhaps he's just busy."Rose pulled one of her school robes out of her closet and pulled it on. "He should still find time to write," she said grumpily. "He did say he would."The sleeves still reached down to her wrists. Sighing, Rose removed the robe. Albus had hit a growth spurt at the start of the summer, but she had a feeling she'd be short forever. She put the robe back in the closet and flopped onto her bed."Did you finish Transfiguration?" she asked. "We could work on that.""If I say I had, would you believe me?""Not one bit."Albus sighed and sat on the end of the bed. "Alright, alright. Let's get it over with."xxxUncle Harry returned the following week, looking just as exhausted as when he had left. Rose came down to breakfast the morning he was set to return to see her parents leaning into each other, whispering furiously. They stopped as soon as they saw her enter the room, and Hermione leapt into motion, grabbing bowls as Ron tried to wipe the frown off his face.Aunt Ginny's birthday followed a few days later, and Rose was in charge of the salad for dinner. She liked working on the salads because she did it at the Scamander house with Luna, picking fresh vegetables from one of her less fussy gardens. Luna, as usual, had been put in charge of the birthday cake. This one was in the shape of a bright red broomstick that was enchanted to fly over the table, dropping sprinkles onto the heads of everyone in its path.The next morning, Rose's Hogwarts letter finally arrived. Albus was at breakfast with her and read the list over her shoulder."Not bad," he said. "New Defense book, new Transfiguration book, and two for Potions.""Two?" said Hermione from across the room. "Slughorn is getting adventurous, I suppose.""Either that or he's getting bored," remarked Ron from beside his wife. "Wouldn't you?""And books for our new classes," added Rose, looking over the requirements for Arithmancy and Ancient Runes. "Al, you'll have some for yours too.""Mum's probably already opened my letter," said Albus lightly. "Don't think Trelawney ever changes her curriculum— I could probably use Dad's copy of whatever she assigns. And James already offered me the third year Creatures book. Said either I could take it or he'd do some kind of ceremonial burning of it."Rose wrote another letter to Scorpius and sent it off with her mum's owl. She would be going to Diagon Alley with Albus that Friday, whether Scorpius replied to her or not. Her school books waited for no boy.Unfortunately, that turned out to include the twins."Mum wants us to wait a week," said Lysander when Rose asked him to come along. "There's a book signing she wants to go to, and you know she doesn't like shopping that much. We'll just go that day and make it all in one trip."Scorpius' response arrived on Friday morning, and it was aggravatingly brief. He apologized again and said he couldn't make it and would see them aboard the train. Frustrated, Rose crumpled the letter and threw it away.After much deliberation, Hermione and Ron agreed to let Rose go to Diagon Alley without them."You know how to get help if you need it," said Hermione for the third time. "Just go into any shop and find someone who works there. They can get you home, or get in touch with us.""They'll be fine," said Ron, though he still didn't look completely sold on this idea. "I need to get to work, and you—""Mine can wait," said Hermione, though she glanced wistfully and the pile of papers sitting on the counter. "If they need me to go, I can rearrange….""Mum, Al and I will be fine," said Rose firmly. "We've been there a thousand times."Hermione smiled weakly and smoothed Rose's hair. "My big girl," she said warmly. "And if you forget anything, I'm taking Hugo and Lily next week when Ginny can get a day off. James too, as long as he doesn't get his punishment extended."Albus snorted, which hastily turned into a cough. James had been grounded for the past week, which meant no flying around the Grange, no inviting his friends over, and no trips to the magical marketplace.Rose let Albus use the fireplace first. She then took a pinch of Floo Powder from the mantle, and within a few moments, the flames were whisking her away to Diagon Alley.The shops surrounding her were bursting with action. The streets were packed with wizards of all ages, not just Hogwarts students doing their yearly shopping trip. Rose kept a grip on Albus' sleeve as they navigated the thick crowds, worried that she might lose sight of him in the throng.They stopped first in the Apothecary, where Rose instructed Albus on which potions supplies he was probably low on at this point. She got what she needed, and then a few other ingredients that she wanted to learn how to work with. There were two new books after all, she reasoned with herself. Maybe they would be doing more advanced work.Rose and Albus kept close to the wall as the exited the shop, debating on where to go next."I'm not saying I want to buy a broom," said Albus, "but it doesn't hurt to go and look at some of them.""I know you can't enter that store without buying something," argued Rose. "Can we get our school shopping out of the way first? Please?""Fine," sighed Albus, "as long as we can stop by before we go."Rose felt someone bump her shoulder, and said "Sorry" automatically as she turned. She grinned as she realized that she knew the person behind her. "Professor Evariste!"Their Defense Against the Dark Arts professor was hard to miss in his golden robes, which matched the tone of his hair. It had an overall blinding effect that Rose didn't particularly care for. But he smiled at them warmly, and she realized suddenly that she had missed him."Albus, Rose!" he cried. "What a pleasant surprise. Taylor, these two are going to be at Hogwarts with you."Rose realized that hidden by Evariste's blinding attire was a young girl, slightly smaller than herself. She had a rich, dark complexion and curly hair pinned back from her face. She looked between Rose and Albus quickly, then looked back down at the ground."Taylor here is going to be entering her first year," explained Professor Evariste. "I'm helping her pick up her school things today.""Pleasure to meet you," said Rose politely, trying to catch the girl's eye. "Albus and I are both in Gryffindor, year three."Taylor glanced at Rose, then up at Evariste. "Which one is that?""Red and gold," he said, "Godric Gryffindor's house. Characterized by bravery."Taylor nodded, then looked back to Rose. "Sorry," she said softly, "it's just a lot to remember.""Taylor comes from a nonmagical background," explained Evariste. "It's one of my favorite parts of my position: I get to go to the homes of students who don't know about the magical world and explain it all to them and their—" He paused, then said, "It's quite the experience, each and every time."Rose had always wondered how Muggleborn children got their Hogwarts letter. None of the girls in her dormitory were Muggleborn, and she had never bothered to ask anyone else."That's so interesting!" she said, straining to be heard over the crowd. "How does it usually go?""It varies," said Evariste. "Sometimes the adults are in utter shock. Some throw things at me and try to kick me out of their house. Some are rather receptive to the idea. Usually when we get to the point where they agree to let me show them some spells…. I mean, it's smooth sailing from there."Rose could only hope that he wore something a bit more subdued when going into Muggle homes."It can be hard, though," he continued, "especially if there are older siblings in the house. There's a lot of animosity sometimes. Then again, if there are younger children who turn out to be magical, I like to go back to deliver their letters in person. Like I said, one of the perks of the position.""I never knew!" said Rose. "How has the rest of your summer been?""Pretty standard," said Evariste. "Not getting nearly as much done as I had wanted, but then again, I never do. Have you two gotten your new books yet?""Not yet," admitted Albus, "but we're headed there now.""Lorcan knew what yours was going to be last month," said Rose with a grin.Evariste returned her smile. "Did he, now? Remarkable boy. Tell me, does he like it?""Er— yes, I'm sure he does," said Rose, knowing as she said it that it was thoroughly unconvincing. She had always been a terrible liar."Excellent," said Evariste, seeming not to notice. "Well, we—"He stopped short, looking around. His expression went quickly from confusion to panic. Rose glanced around and could tell why: the young girl was no longer at his side."Where did— oh hell," snapped Evariste. "Sorry, must find her. See you at school!"Without waiting for a response, he dove into the crowd. Rose could see his bright head weaving between people as he worked his way down the street."Poor girl must have gone to look at something," said Albus. "It must be overwhelming, being here for the first time."Rose didn't remember her first visit to Diagon Alley. It was certainly more crowded than usual, and she wouldn't want to be here alone."Can we grab food before we go to Flourish and Blott's?" asked Albus."We just ate!" exclaimed Rose. "It's been what, an hour? Maybe two?""And I'm hungry again," said Albus with a shrug. "We'll make it quick, I promise."The pair stopped at a cart pulled over to the side of the packed street. Albus bought a hot dog partially wrapped in a pretzel so it resembled a sword. Rose bought a package of potato crisps to keep in her bag for later. They grabbed seats on a bench where Albus could eat and Rose could watch the people walking by.She saw a few familiar faces from Hogwarts, but no one she knew well enough to say hello to. She did spot Professor Slughorn sweep out of the Apothecary, followed by a young witch laden down with parcels. They both fought their way through the crowd, then disappeared from sight.Albus had just finished his hot dog when Rose spotted Evariste's hair bobbing through the crowd towards them. She stood and tried to peer through the mass of bodies before her. As Evariste drew closer, she saw that he had a firm grip on Taylor, who was clutching a small cloth purse to her chest, clearly terrified."Evariste found her," Rose told Albus, sitting again. "The poor girl looks scared out of her wits.""Like I said," said Albus, throwing away his napkin, "it's not the day to be lost here. I've never seen it so packed. C'mon, let's do the bookstore."The line at Flourish and Blott's wasn't as terrible as Rose had anticipated. Albus kept insisting that it would get longer if they took too much time browsing, but Rose ignored him. She knew they would be spending just as much time in Quality Quidditch Supplies later that afternoon. Besides, the twins' birthday was coming up, and she still didn't have presents for them.After Albus went from berating to begging, Rose selected The Unfathomable Future for Lorcan and The Ways of Wicked Wizards for Lysander. Albus had already grabbed all of their schoolbooks and was all too eager to jump on line."Next time, we're splitting up," said Albus, shifting his weight from side to side."Mum and Dad would have killed us both," said Rose calmly. "We're almost done here. The brooms will still be there, I promise."Albus practically pulled Rose through the thinning crowds to Quality Quidditch Supplies. He paused outside the shop, took a deep breath, then went inside. If Rose wasn't so worried about getting separated from him, she might have waited outside. Instead, she followed him through the tinted glass door.The store wasn't too crowded, which was a relief to Rose. There were clusters of students around a new broomstick on display, which Albus had immediately flocked to. Rose went to look at it, but it looked the same to her as what her cousins flew. Albus' face wore a look of utter entrancement.She continued to wander through the store, occasionally picking up an odd item she didn't recognize. They had a small book section, but all of them were pretty similar: history of Quidditch, caring for brooms, or famous Quidditch players. Next to the books was a broom maintenance section, which held Rose's attention for a bit longer. She knew that this was something Albus wanted to learn more about. There were small pots of broomstick polish displayed on a shelf. She considered pointing them out to him, then decided against it. She could get her mum to buy it after they left for school so she could give it to him for Christmas.When she had made it back around to the front of the shop, Rose found Albus exactly where she had left him. He had been joined by Cameron Thornton, a tall boy in his seventh year who was captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team."Hello Cameron," said Rose politely."I was just telling Al about tryouts," said Cameron with a grin. "We're switching things up a bit to get Louis back on the team, but let's just say we'll need a new Reserve."Albus was practically levitating with excitement. When Cameron looked back at him, Albus fought to dim down his smile a bit, but it was a dismal failure."Anyway," said Cameron with a chuckle, "I'll see you when we get back. Tell James to stay out of trouble, will you?"Albus nodded enthusiastically and did not stop until the door had shut behind Cameron."Did you hear that?" said Albus. "He said we're gonna need a new Reserve! Which means—""Which means you'll be on the team!" said Rose, beaming. "Congrats, Albus. You've worked so hard for this."Albus was in such a state of elation that he left the shop without purchasing anything. Rose steered him towards Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, which was still packed even as the streets were thinning out. Though this was the primary shop location, Uncle George typically ran the Hogsmeade branch, which had opened years after the first. He had bought out another joke supply shop and expanded the successful business he had started with his twin, who had died during the Battle of Hogwarts.Rose tried to see over the heads of the other customers, but it was hard when she was one of the shortest people there. She resolved to just push through the crowd until she found someone in magenta robes, which all of the shop's employees wore. She tugged Albus forward; he had gotten distracted by the Trick Sweets section of the shop.She finally spotted her uncle on one of the raised product pedestals, apparently trying to fix one of the display cases. It kept bursting open and showering the customers below in a rainbow of glitter. He poked at it again with his wand, and the door shot open once more, nearly knocking him off the pedestal."He's a bit busy," said someone loudly behind Rose. She turned to see her cousin Roxanne, one of George's two children. "This could take a while. That whole display has been acting up for a week. That's what he gets for selling trick furniture now.""Just popping in to say hello," said Rose. "I'll see him for the twins' birthday. Are you helping out for the day?""I was, but this place gives me a killer headache," said Roxanne. She massaged her scalp, ruffling the long, twisted tendrils of black hair that framed her face. "I'll head back with you two if you're done for the day. I can't think straight with all the noise. Even with the silencing spells, you can still feel it upstairs, you know?"Rose looked at Albus, whose eyes were glazed over. If she had to guess, she'd say his mind was down the street in the Quidditch shop listening back to what Cameron had said."Sounds great," said Rose, "let's go."The three of them headed out of the shop and back down the street. Rose noticed that Roxanne was leading them the slightly longer way to get back to the fires that could take them home, but didn't mention it. As they came up to Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, Roxanne stopped. The window displayed a Hogwarts school robe, a Quidditch league robe, and three different formal designs that ranged from subdued to something that Evariste would likely wear. They paused there for a long moment."Sorry," said Roxanne at last, shaking her head. "Mum and I have been bickering about my sketches again. She wants me to put it all away and do something sensible with my time. To prepare myself for the 'real world'.""And you want to… work here?" asked Rose."I want to design these," said Roxanne, stepping closer to the window. "That's what I really want. I don't want to go into research, or help out at the joke shop. I want to come up with my own designs, and get to see people wearing them….""I think that's a perfectly sensible ambition," said Rose. "I mean, someone has to be designing these, right? So obviously it's a viable job. There's always going to be a need for robes."Roxanne raised her eyebrows at Rose. "If I could be that logical about it with Mum, maybe I'd stand a chance," she joked. "I know, I know, it's just…. I mean, Hogwarts doesn't exactly offer classes on design."Rose paused to consider that. Hogwarts seemed to be excellent at providing them with the building blocks for their education, but even the electives she had to choose from at the end of the previous year were rather limited in scope. She had chosen Arithmancy because her mother said it would challenge her academically, not because she had any true interest in the subject. It would have been nice to take a class in something that was not strictly academic."I'm going to try and work here next summer," said Roxanne firmly. "I've been working on designs, you know. I can show Madam Malkin what I can do, and then with the experience of actually being in the shop, I could get hired somewhere they'd let me produce my own robes."With another wistful look at the window, Roxanne led Rose and Albus back to the fires that would take them home.

A few days before the start of term, Rose found herself in the Scamander library with Lorcan, Lysander, and Aunt Luna, who had joined them for the afternoon. Rose had put down the book she had chosen and was asking Luna about her time spent at Hogwarts."There was only ever one boy who I thought liked me," said Luna thoughtfully. "I mean, some of them liked me— your Uncle Harry, and usually your father— but I could never tell if…. But that was so long ago.""How was it at Beauxbatons?" asked Rose."Different," said Luna with a small shrug. "I knew some French when I went there, but I had to learn a lot, and very quickly. I had thought about spending another year at Hogwarts, but it was such an odd feeling after we had repaired the castle. I couldn't really understand who all of the students were and where my friends had gone. Other people had taken their places and I didn't like it."Rose's stomach twisted. Luna spoke about her experiences following the war with such simplicity. Somehow, it made it more difficult to hear."At Beauxbatons, I was rarely asked about the war. They were much better at leaving things unspoken. They focused on some areas of magic that we don't, but it was all very confusing since the incantations are different. Sometimes I would realize I was halfway through learning a spell I already knew, but I hadn't realized sooner because the wording and focus was different. I tried not to take shortcuts and use similar spells, but sometimes I would."That's where I first met Rolf. He came to examine a rare breed they house on their grounds that had grown ill. They have these enormous winged horses, but they had all come down with some sort of sickness.""We saw some last year," said Rose, "when they came for the tournament.""Ah, yes," said Luna, "of course. Well, Rolf came to see if he could do anything for them. I had grown quite attached to one of the young ones, and I met him there." She stopped speaking and smiled, clearly reliving the moment in her head. There was a long pause before she continued."Overall, I preferred my time at Hogwarts. They don't allow ghosts to remain at Beauxbatons— something about their code of honor— and I really like the ghosts at the castle. And the castle itself is more interesting, in my opinion. The palace is beautiful and very regal, but there isn't the feeling that you're going to stumble down a secret passage if you make a wrong turn.""Yes, we've done that before, haven't we?" said Lysander, still looking at his book."Oh?" said Luna, her pale eyebrows raised. "Where have you all been exploring?""The third floor, mainly," said Lorcan. "Rose calls it the Generation Room."Rose's cheeks flushed, but her aunt didn't seem to be judging her odd name for their room."It's where Rose's Mum and Dad went their first year," explained Lysander, "when they were looking for the Sorcerer's Stone."Luna nodded, looking thoughtful. "I don't think I've ever been there," she said. "By the time I was close with your parents, we were in the Room of Requirement."Lysander looked up from his book, and Rose said, "What's that?""It's nothing anymore," said Luna, looking sad for the first time in the conversation. "It used to be a room that would reveal itself to one in need, and equip itself to that person's specific needs. It was destroyed by a cursed firestorm during the battle. We went back to see if it could be mended, but Fiendfyre's damage can't be undone."Lysander looked thoughtful as his mother continued."That's where we used to go to practice our spells. It was always quite useful. Though now you all have a professor who sounds like he knows what he's doing, so that won't be necessary.""I don't like the book," complained Lorcan once more, "and I don't like the class.""Evariste is great," countered Lysander. "There's nothing for you to not like."Their conversation continued well into the night. Rose didn't bother going home; Luna had two guest bedrooms for whenever any of the children wanted to stay the night. There had been times Rose had accidentally fallen asleep in the library, or woken up with her head resting on an open book in the twins' room.She headed back to her house the next morning after wishing the twins a happy birthday. She knew Luna would want to have a small breakfast with them since they were doing a full family dinner on the Grange. Rose had volunteered to be in charge of drinks for the event, which basically meant that she would be carrying out pitchers of water, juice, and Butterbeer until her mum caught her and insisted on levitating them out instead.Lorcan was running around the long table when Rose arrived with the last pitcher, which she had insisted in bringing out herself. He almost knocked her over, but lunged to the side and the last second. Lysander was seated at the table, shaking his head."Teddy gave him an Energy Bean," explained Lysander. "He'll be like this all night now."Teddy Lupin sat by Lysander's side and grinned ruefully. "Aw, it'll wear off soon. Hey Rose."Tonight, his hair was a sensible brown, though it still bore a streak of bright blue (as if any of his adopted family could forget that he was a Metamorphmagus and had the ability to alter his appearance at will.) His fiancee, Victoire Weasley, was on his other side and rolled her eyes, which were almost as blue as Teddy's hair."I had nothing to do with it," she said, quite unnecessarily. Victoire had finished at Hogwarts the same year Rose had begun, and Rose doubted she had ever broken a rule in all of her seven years. "Where's Hugo?"At that moment, two broomsticks flew overhead. Teddy saw where Rose was looking at tilted his chair back to look up as well."That would be him and Lily," said Rose. "They'll land soon enough.""Or I'll go catch them," said Uncle Harry as he passed with a platter of sliced meat. "Teddy, Victoire, always good to see you.""We'll catch up," promised Teddy.Rose sat across from them, making sure she didn't get trampled by Lorcan in the process. The other seats at the long table were filling up as other members of the extended family arrived. Though the Scamander twins weren't related to any of the others by blood, they had always been raised with the other children, and the parents remained a tight-knit group.Roxanne arrived with her younger brother Fred and came over to Rose. "Hey," she said, "anyone sitting here?""Not unless Lorcan calms down within the next minute or so," laughed Rose. "It's all yours."Lorcan managed to plant himself in a chair as the meal began. He started excitedly explaining something involving one of Professor Trelawney's many theories about his Sight to Lysander, who listened intently.Rose tried to say hello to everyone, but it was inevitable that someone would slide by ungreeted. Victoire's younger siblings, Dominique and Louis, raced past her without a glance towards the table. As far as Rose could make out, Louis had something that Dominique wanted back. Immediately."Oh, I will hex you!" she shrieked as they flew by the other side of the table. Victoire rolled her eyes but did not bother trying to scold the pair.It was a relief to see Dominique and Louis back to their normal selves. The previous year had been stressful for them both. Louis hadn't been allowed to be on the Quidditch team due to his poor grades and impending O.W.L.s, while Dominique had worried herself sick trying to live up to her older sister's legacy. Rose hadn't seen Dominique look so relaxed in a long time.Lily and Hugo had appeared, though by the hints of chocolate around Hugo's mouth, they had eaten their fair share of sweets before dinner had begun."Are you excited?" chirped Lily, leaning towards Rose. "Don't you want to be back already?""Yes, and yes," replied Rose. "It's been too long."Lily sighed loudly and flopped backwards into her chair. "I just can't wait!" she cried, kicking her heels up off the ground so that her chair teetered dangerously on its back legs. Just when Rose thought she would fall, the chair snapped back to the ground."You'll have to wait a little bit longer," said Uncle Harry from across the table, pocketing his wand once more. "You haven't touched your chicken."Pushing her lips out in a pout, Lily started stabbing her chicken breast viciously.Luna had designed the twins' cake in the shape of what Rose thought was a large turtle. Upon closer inspection, different sections of the shell bore different important dates from their childhood in various shades of green and brown.The cake was alternating layers of lemon and carrot cake, and even though Rose thought the flavors shouldn't go well together, they somehow did. She had two slices before pushing her plate away, feeling full to the point of bursting.The twins made quick work of opening their various gifts as the summer sky began to darken. They wore matching grins upon unwrapping the books Rose had selected. Lysander immediately began to read the dust jacket; for once, it was Lorcan who had to prod his brother back into focus. Rose didn't recognize a number of gifts that Lorcan received, but by the way he carefully lay them all in a separate pile, she deduced that they were involved in his lessons with Trelawney.By the time Rose returned to her house, she was exhausted. She wanted to stay up for a bit to finish reviewing her Potions essay, but her eyes kept drifting shut."It can wait," said her mother softly, shutting Rose's book, "I promise. Get to bed."Rose reached her room to find Hugo curled up in the middle of her bed, fast asleep. He had taken to sleeping with her in the nights before she left for her first year at Hogwarts. He had always struggled with things changing, and going to Hogwarts was certain to be a huge change for him. It would be a change for them both.She gently rolled him so that there was room for both of them, then climbed into bed. She gave a soft whistle to extinguish her lights, and drifted immediately to sleep.

Getting all of the children from the Grange to the Hogwarts Express each year was nothing short of a miracle. All of the needed luggage had been set out the afternoon before, but without fail, something would go missing or have been forgotten."I've got Ron, Rose, Hugo, Lily, Albus, and Fred," said Hermione, checking the long list hovering before her. "Harry, you've got Roxie, James, the twins, Ginny, and Ron.""I'm on that list twice," Ron pointed out as he passed by, levitating a stack of trunks in front of him.Groaning, Hermione amended the list. "You've got Luna, then," she told Harry. "Angelina has her part of the list. Not my problem."Harry groaned and leaned against the counter. "Sorry," he said, "sorry, Hermione. Angelina wants to take Roxie and Fred, so she wanted me to tell you that she's switching them with Adella, Briar, and Enid."A suds-covered wooden spoon shot out of the sink, which was busily washing the dishes from breakfast, and started tapping Harry angrily on the head. Soap bubbles began to congeal in his dark hair."That doesn't even make mathematical sense," said Hermione, sounding both frustrated and disappointed. "Alright. I'll take Briar and Adella, they're both still small. Harry, you take Enid instead of Roxie."Rose smiled in what she hoped was a reassuring way at her mother. Angelina was Uncle George's wife and had taken on the responsibility of the third caravan for the first time. The previous year, Luna's car had ended up hopelessly lost, and it was a miracle she made it to Platform Nine and Three Quarters before the train departed.As everyone loaded into their respective vehicles, Hermione pulled out another list and befa checking things off. Lily clambered into the seat beside Rose, and her singsong voice blocked out Hermione's soft words."I'n going to Hogwarts," she sand cheerfully. "I'm going to Hogwarts!"Briar and Adella Longbottom joined the caravan next, both grinning eagerly. Briar was in Rose's year and had been placed in Hufflepuff. Adella still had one more year before starting school, but she seemed excited just to be coming along for the ride."Morning," said Rose. Lily saved her from having to make more conversation by beginning to babble about how excited she was to finally go to Hogwarts.Hugo slid silently into the seat on Rose's other side. Where Lily was full of explosive energy, Hugo's excitement was of the quiet variety. Rose knew he was also quite nervous, though he hadn't said as much in the months leading up to this moment. She saw it in the way he kept looking to the Hogwarts letter clutched in his small hands, as if certain he had forgotten to pack something, and the way the space between his eyebrows was pinched."Wait until you see the inside of the train," said Rose quietly, her words overpowered by Lily's ramblings. "You can buy sweets on the way to school with some of the money Mum gave you.""That'll be nice," said Hugo softly.Albus hopped in next to the Longbottoms, fighting to make conversation with them over his sister's excited chattering. Once Hermione's checklist had been checked and re-checked, she and Ron climbed in the front."Are you all sure you have everything?" asked Hermione anxiously. "We don't have time for any side trips."There was a general murmur of agreement."Alright," said Hermione, "let's go."With a wave of her wand, seat belts flew around each passenger. Ron jumped as his fastened snugly around his waist. Hermione chuckled and made sure hers was properly fastened before starting down the long drive that would take them to the main road.Though she thoroughly enjoyed summer vacation, Rose was happy to be going back to school. Now that she was spending most of every year learning new spells, it felt so confining to have to put her wand in a desk drawer for months. As soon as she got into the castle, she wanted to start working on a few new things she had been reading up on. The restrictions on underage magic left her feeling utterly useless during the summer months!As accustomed as she was to the train ride that would take her to school, Rose's heart still began to beat faster when she saw the scarlet engine sitting on its tracks. Throngs of students and parents filled the magical side of Platform Nine and Three-Quarters, all trying to get their baggage to the drop-off point and wish their loved ones goodbye."It's all there," said Ron as he rejoined the rest of the family. "They said your bags will be in your rooms by the time the feast is over. Do they still have those pitchers for the pumpkin juice that—""Ron," said Hermione warningly."Right. Sorry.""First years, you're coming on first," called a wizard as one of the train doors slid open. "First years, over here please!"Hugo's eyes widened, and his grip on Rose's hand tightened."It's fine," said Hermione, "don't worry. You can find Rose after if you need her.""I'll be with Albus and the twins," said Rose, squeezing Hugo's hand. "I'll be right there on the train."Hugo gulped and nodded. He only let go of Rose's hand when Hermione reached out to hug him. After Ron's hug, Hugo remained frozen for a moment before scampering over to the growing crowd of new students, taking his place alongside Lily."I love that they've started seating the first years together," said Hermione. "I didn't know anyone during my first trip. It's good that they can all get acquainted now."Rose remained with her parents as the group of first years was funneled onto the train. Despite her mother's opinion, Rose was glad that she hadn't been forced to sit with the others in her year for her initial trip. Then again, she already had a group of friends to sit with. She supposed it would be different if she hadn't known anyone.The train door slid shut again, confirming Rose's suspicion about the first years having their own train car. She knew Hugo would be alright— he made friends easily enough once he was comfortable talking. And if worse came to worse, Lily was in there with him— though her overwhelming excitement might not be what he considered a blessing.Albus and James came to join the Weasleys, along with their parents. The adults shared a moment about sending the last of their children to school for the first time, and Rose wondered if that was how emotional they got every time any of them got on the train.The door slid open once more, and out strode the conductor with— Rose paused, not believing her own eyes."Adella?"The conductor was leading little Adella Longbottom off of the train. Her face was bright red, and she kept her eyes pointed down as the conductor brought her to Rose's group."Is this child yours?" he asked wearily."We brought her," said Hermione briskly. "Her parents are both working.""Well, she decided to go on the train with the first years, even though she's not old enough yet," continued the man. "Said one of her friends did it last year, which is codswallop because no one gets on my train without me knowing. Only found out when they was checking the list.""We'll take her back home," said Hermione, "thank you."The man looked like he wanted to say something else, but Hermione stared him down until he turned and walked away, shaking his head.As soon as he was gone, Adella burst into tears."I'm sorry," she gasped, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry!""Shh, it's alright," said Hermione, stroking her hair. "You're not in trouble, we're not mad at you."Ron gave her an incredulous look, but Hermione ignored it."Why did you try and get on the train, Adella? You know better than that."It took Adella a moment to get her tears under control so she could speak again."Lily told me that she did it last year," she said, "and— and that I could probably get away with it because I'm tinier, and I— I just wanted to stay with Briar and Enid—"She continued crying, the sobs overtaking her speech."Oh, Adella," said Aunt Ginny, looking at her husband sadly. "Lily should have never said that to you.""I'll write to her about this when we get home," said Uncle Harry, no hint of amusement on his face. Rose saw why her mother had taken charge of calming Adella down. Hermione was much better at this sort of thing.Aunt Angelina's dark skin had taken on a grey tint upon seeing her small charte emerge from the train. As Hermione released Adella, Angelina took the young girl's hand firmly."Please don't run off on me again," she murmured, looking properly spooked. "Can you imagine your poor father's face if he saw you walking into the Great Hall with the rest of your lot? Nev'd be singing like a Mandrake."Ron snorted, and shrugged when Hermione shot him a glare.The rest of the train doors opened, and the whistle blew to let the students know it was time for the rest of them to board. Rose quickly hugged her parents and promised (for the third time that morning) to keep an eye on Hugo."Don't let anyone tell him that he can sneak out of the castle using the fireplace in the common room!" added Ron suddenly. "My brothers told me that before my first year, but Mum overheard and told them to stop trying to get me stuck in tight spaces.""I will make sure he stays out of the fireplace," said Rose with a grin. "I'll write as soon as things settle down, alright?""Alright," said her father gruffly.Rose followed Albus onto the train, fighting through the crowd of students all trying to find a compartment. She tried to find Scorpius, who usually stood out with his light blonde hair, but there were too many people and she was just too short. It seemed like Albus wasn't the only one who had experienced a growth spurt over the summer."James is with O'Grady and his lot," said Albus, sliding into an empty compartment. "Any sign of Scorpius?"Rose shook her head."He'll find us," said Albus with a shrug.Scorpius opened the compartment door just as the train rolled into motion. He was followed directly by Lysander and Lorcan."Was that Adella coming off the train?" asked Lysander as he sat."Unfortunately, yes," said Rose. "Lily told her she should try and sneak onto the train like she did last year.""Well then," said Scorpius, "I see she hasn't changed much. How was everyone's summer?""I expect an explanation about your summer," Rose said pointedly to Scorpius as he settled in. "You missed my party, and you couldn't even meet us in Diagon Alley?"Scorpius' face tightened. "Sorry," he said stiffly, "I had family affairs to tend to."Rose's eyebrows shot up, and Albus stifled a laugh. "Sorry," he said, still chuckling, "but you sound ridiculous." Sounding significantly more posh than moments before, he echoed, "I had family affairs to attend to."Scorpius remained frozen for a moment, then relaxed with a sigh. "Sorry," he said, "sorry. Father drove me mental with his sudden overprotective streak. I mean, he's been after me to watch what I say for years, but it's never been this bad. I got home for the holiday and found out I couldn't go anywhere or do pretty much anything.""I read in the Prophet that there's a lot going on with… with people right now," said Rose, chickening out of her sentence halfway through."You can say Death Eaters," said Scorpius flatly, "everyone else does. It's not like it's just going to go away if we all stop saying it. It happened.""With the former Death Eaters," said Rose firmly. "With them.""I didn't know that people were still angry that my grandparents didn't go to prison," muttered Scorpius. "They never— no one ever told me that anyone felt that way. Not until the articles started. My parents didn't want me going anywhere unescorted, and I thought that bringing my dad as a plus-one to your birthday party might put a damper on things."Lorcan chuckled, but it was unclear if he was laughing at the thought of Draco Malfoy at one of the Weasley family parties, or if there was something funny in the book he was reading. He had yet to lift his gaze during the conversation."He had all of my school things owl ordered to the— the house," continued Scorpius, "and that's another thing! He doesn't want me calling it the manor anymore, even though I don't think anyone cares what we call our stupid house.""I'm imagining something a bit bigger than a house, mate," said Albus with a grin. "There are reasons people call a place a manor.""Apparently it's bad for 'optics,' makes the family sound bad," said Scorpius, oblivious to Albus trying to lighten his spirits. "He was even worried about me being on the train. Kept saying that he was going to find a different way to bring me to Hogwarts, something that he knew would be safe.""The train is perfectly safe," said Rose automatically, "and so is the school."She had to fight back the onslaught of mental images that followed those words. While the school was a generally safe place to be, there had been a death during the Triwizard Tournament during her first year. And last year, there had been a group of domesticated dragons at the castle, and a number of related injuries…."Hogwarts is usually very safe," amended Rose lamely.Scorpius sighed. "I know that," he said, "but my father still thinks it's dangerous for me to go back. I think he's blowing everything out of proportion. Mum told me that people have been getting upset about my grandparents since the war ended, and that every few years someone starts some new uproar about why their trials should be redone. She said we just need to wait it out. Again.""Well, you missed an excellent party," said Lysander lightly. "Want to know what Rose got?""Sure.""Books.""And more books," added Albus."And other books," added Lorcan, not looking up from his own.This made Scorpius grin at last. "I expected nothing less," he said."I loved the notebook," said Rose, "and the bracelet was beautiful. I have it in my trunk, I just need a good reason to wear it! I'll have to thank your mother when I see her.""She's off with my grandparents," said Scorpius, rolling his eyes. "Father had to keep going to work, so she went to keep an eye on them instead.""That seems silly," said Rose, "they can probably take care of themselves.""They're still on house arrest," explained Scorpius glumly. "They usually have everything they need sent to the house, but Grandfather is getting paranoid, so Mum is there now to help out. I reckon she'll go mad before Christmas if she has to keep staying with them. I certainly would.""Oh," said Rose."It's really not a big deal," said Scorpius quickly, his pale cheeks flushing. "Dad just sent me back with my Dark Detectors again and told me to keep my head down. Nothing new there.""I'd definitely watch your back," said Albus, his tone serious. "James may try to knock you off your broom if you're beating us in Quidditch again."The boys chuckled, and the tension in the compartment dissipated. Albus filled Scorpius in on Lily's antics over the course of the summer, which included blowing up part of Uncle Harry's birthday dinner. Though she was already eleven, she still hadn't learned how to control her magic when she got angry. It still tended to come out in ugly bursts, even though Aunt Ginny had tried to teach her how to keep it controlled.Rose told Scorpius about running into Professor Evariste during their trip to Diagon Alley. He was taken aback when she explained that he had gone in person to tell Taylor she was a witch."I thought— I mean, I never thought about it," he stammered. "So out of the blue, someone just shows up at your door and tells you that your child is a witch, and then shows you magic for the first time— that's not breaking the law? The whole Statute of Secrecy?""No," said Rose, "it's actually mandatory to inform the parents or guardians. You can't just show up and take someone to Hogwarts with no warning.""She looked pretty spooked," admitted Albus. "I don't think she really believed it herself.""I think it was just all of the people," countered Rose. "It was so crowded, she was probably just going through some kind of culture shock."They fell into a comfortable silence as a light rain began to pelt the windows of the train. Rose borrowed one of Lorcan's books, as she had foolishly packed all of hers away for the trip. Lysander, Albus, and Scorpius began a chess tournament, occasionally breaking the silence with the battle cries of their pieces.Rose's stomach was grumbling by the time the train began to slow. She had only picked at what she had bought from the trolley, having not been in the mood for sweets. As she thought about the feast waiting for them in the castle, her stomach gave another audible gurgle."Someone's hungry," remarked Scorpius as they all stood."It'll have to wait until after the Sorting," Lysander reminded her.Rose's chest tightened with sudden nerves. She knew that the Sorting Ceremony was nothing to be afraid of, but she knew that Hugo would be on the verge of panic at this very moment. She didn't want to say it aloud, but she was hoping that he was with anyone but Lily right now. The girl's exuberant energy would only set her brother's nerves on edge.They made their way to the castle in the same horseless carriages as the year before. Rose realized that she had forgotten to update Scorpius on her Uncle Charlie, who had decided to travel with the League of Dragon Riders for their summer tour, but Kara Welsh had joined them in their carriage."Mary is being a prat," she announcing, plopping down on one of the benches. "I told her I wasn't going to sit with her if she kept acting that way. And—"Her mouth clamped shut as her eyes fell on Scorpius."Oh," she said, drawing out the word so that it lasted far longer than it needed to. She did not elaborate past the elongated vowel, and the group spent the rest of the trip to the castle in uncomfortable silence."See you around," mumbled Scorpius as they slid out of the carriage. Rose tried to stop him, but he was immediately lost in the swarm of students making their way into the castle.She turn to Kara, her lips pursed."That was very rude," said Rose crossly. "He's our friend, you know.""Well he isn't my friend," said Kara derisively. "Let's go in, I want a good spot for the Sorting."Rose let Kara hurry into the mass of bodies without her, opting to stay back for a moment with Albus."Hugo will be fine," said Albus reassuringly as they climbed the stone steps slowly, bringing up the rear of the group."So will Lily," said Rose automatically.Albus chuckled. "We'll see about that," he said. "I think she's going to drive James and I mad, especially now that she has her wand. If we're lucky, she'll stop at trying to blow up the common room."James had saved them seats at the Gryffindor table. They were closer to the Head Table than usual, and Rose could tell by the way James only nodded to them in greeting that he was feeling nervous as well. Rose tried to focus on the grumblings of her hunger instead of how quickly her heart began to beat every time someone opened the main doors.Finally, the doors swung open again to reveal Professor Evariste. Rose expected to see him followed by Professor Flitwick, but instead he was trailed by the first years.A smattering of applause broke out, and Rose clapped along automatically, trying to find Hugo. She finally spotted him standing with the dark-skinned girl she had met on Diagon Alley. Hugo seemed to be composed and was whispering to the girl, who was looking around in what appeared to be equal parts awe and terror."Where's Flitwick?" asked Lysander quietly. Rose shrugged, focusing on her brother.A tattered pointed hat sat on a stool at the front of the Hall. A hush fell over the older students, who knew what to expect. A few of the first years looked around nervously, but then the hat split at the brim and began to sing.When I begin this tune each yearAnd separate you students,I do my best to make it clearTraditions are not prudent.Though you may look around and seeFour houses standing solo,I see a school united,Not divided with this gusto.The brave and mighty GryffindorsWould perish in a season,If not for sturdy RavenclawTo guide them with their reason.Those Ravenclaws would tumble, tooBy clinging to their facts,If not for Hufflepuffs, who showThe value of a pack.These Hufflepuffs may not succeedFor lack of speaking louder,If not for Slytherin, where loy'ltySurely can be power.But Slytherin might not step outAnd follow that ambition,If not for Gryffindors who will notBack down from a mission.So do not be afraid to sitWherever I assign you.Your housemates now your family are;They'll love, and not malign you.For now this castle is your homeWhere four houses may bondSo come and place me on your head,And see how I respond!The older students applauded, while the first years shifted nervously in the center of the room. The song hadn't done anything to ease their nerves— Rose realized that she had probably looked just like they did now, even after the Sorting Hat had finished its song. There were some nerves that even music couldn't quell."Not bad," said Lysander, nodding enthusiastically. "I really liked that one."James grunted noncommittally."Oh, stop grumbling," said Lysander lightly, "they'll send up the food soon. You'll just have to wait 'til then."Rose exchanged a glance with him, and Lysander shrugged with a half-smile. She supposed that his tactic was smart. There was no need to mention James' apparent nervous state. He wasn't one to talk about his feelings.Professor McGonagall rose from her ornate chair at the center of the Head Table. Tonight she wore emerald green robes, which were noticeably brighter than anything Rose had seen her in before. Her normally drawn expression was nowhere to be found; instead, she had a soft smile on her face."Wonderful," she said simply. "A new year. First years, Professor Evariste will call you forth one at a time and place the Sorting Hat upon your head. When it calls out your house, please join your housemates at the table. They'll be the ones cheering the loudest."There was an amused murmur throughout the Hall, which died down as Professor Evariste unwound a thick scroll."Aberford, Taylor!"The young girl's nervous squeak was heard echoing through the silence. The other first years parted to let her come through to the stool. She hopped up, her face set with determination, and squeezed her eyes shut as the hat was placed on her head. The ends of her dense curls poked out from under the brim, which concealed most of her face."HUFFLEPUFF!"Taylor remained on the stool for a moment, clearly taken aback by the tumultuous applause that had met the announcement of her house. Finally she smiled brightly and hurried to the Hufflepuff table, where one of the prefects embraced her.Next came "Bansby, Bertrand!" who went to Ravenclaw; then "Blackbourne, Jade" for Slytherin. Rose began letting her mind wander after "Breakstone, Celestina" was the first to be sorted into Gryffindor.Albus began to drum his fingers on the table as Professor Evariste worked his way through the alphabet. Finally, after "Quinson, Rubella" was sent to Ravenclaw, Professor Evariste announced, "Potter, Lily!"Lily leapt forward eagerly and hopped onto the stool. She grinned as the Sorting Hat slipped over her eyes. And then— nothing.Albus stopped tapping his fingers, his hand hovering over the table. James' face slowly drained of color. And still, the Sorting Hat said nothing.Rose could hear her heart thumping in her ears. The group of first years had thinned out considerably, so she was able to see where Hugo stood, his wide eyes locked on his cousin. Lily's smile slowly faded as the silence went on.No one spoke. A rustle of fabric drew Rose's attention to the Head Table, where Professor McGonagall had shifted in her seat. The easy smile she had worn at the beginning of the Sorting was gone, replaced by something Rose could not interpret.Silence.Someone at another table began to whisper but was quickly hushed. Professor McGonagall leveled an icy glare at the room, daring anyone to make a sound. No one did.And the silence continued.James' hands were balled into fists and his knuckles were white as chalk. Lysander was still watching Lily, whose previous smile was nowhere to be found. Her lips were pressed together, and then she began to whisper. Rose could see Lily's lips move and hear the hiss of her words, but no matter how hard she strained, she could not make them out. She supposed that if she were to stand right next to Lily, she still would not be able to understand what she was saying due to the Sorting Hat's enchantments.Rose estimated that upwards of three minutes had passed when the Sorting Hat finally broke the silence. Its brim shook as it let out a gust of air, which Rose was inclined to call a sigh. And then:"Slytherin!"It took a moment before the students began to applaud. Lily pulled the hat from her head, tossed it onto the stool, and made a beeline for the Slytherin table. Most of the Gryffindors remained silent, and Rose could feel the eyes on Albus and James, both of whom remained frozen."Al," said Rose gently.Albus jumped as if he had just been prodded with a hot iron. His wide eyes landed on Rose, and his mouth popped open, forming a small 'o.' Across the table, Rose saw Lysander whispering hurriedly to James, who was staring at the Sorting Hat, dumbstruck."Al," repeated Rose, "are you—""I don't understand," he said, his voice flat. "What just— I don't understand.""It's alright," said Rose, "she— it's going to be alright."She had to wait to continue until the rest of the students began applauding again. The Sorting was continuing even though one section of the Gryffindor table was disengaged from it."You need to breathe," said Rose quickly as another boy joined the Ravenclaw table. "People are staring, Albus."Albus forced a smile onto his face and nodded. Rose wanted to ask if he could make it look a bit less mad, but kept her mouth shut. It was an improvement from his zombie impression.Lysander was having less luck with James, who was still staring at the Sorting Hat. He had moved from disbelief to something that looked too much like rage for Rose's taste."Underland, Thomas," was added to Gryffindor, and Rose forced herself to clap with the rest of the students. Glancing up at the Head Table, she saw that Professor McGonagall appeared to be watching the Gryffindors. When the next student sat on the bench, the headmistress' eyes remained on Rose's table."Ravenclaw!"Rose's heart gave another leap when "Weasley, Hugo!" was called forward. Hugo sat on the stool and looked at the Gryffindor table, but his eyes did not find Rose's before the hat brim covered them."HUFFLEPUFF!"Rose sat surprised for a moment, then joined in with the rest of the clapping school. The Hufflepuff table was exceptionally loud in welcoming its newest member."What?" cried James loudly, finally breaking from his one-sided staring contest with the Sorting Hat. As the applause died down, he repeated, "What?" Again, the other students in the Hall turned to stare at him."James," hissed Rose, but it was too late. He jumped up from the table, shaking his head and gesturing wordlessly towards the Head Table. Rose couldn't tell if he was trying to express his anger at his sister's Sorting, confusion at Hugo's, or just general discontent with the state of the evening."Mister Potter," said Professor McGonagall with a sigh, "are you planning on retiring before we serve the welcoming feast?"James froze once more, then turned and gave Professor McGonagall a withering glare. With short, precise movements, he sat back down at the Gryffindor table and turned away from the headmistress."Students," said Professor McGonagall, redirecting her attention to the room at large, "I have a number of important announcements to make, but I know you must all be ready to eat. Enjoy the feast!"As the platters filled with food, Rose felt her stomach rumble again, but it was not with hunger or nerves. It was a feeling she could not quite place, but she did not care for it one bit.

As Rose mechanically piled food onto her plate, she was hit by a memory of the last time she had seen Uncle Harry properly angry. He had been clearly upset about Lily sneaking onto the train the previous year, but she had not been there when they arrived back at the Grange, where Lily had probably received the full force of his anger.Rose had learned five years ago why her parents had always warned her about her uncle's temper. She had seen him get irritated at little things, but it was nothing compared to when Luna had planned an impromptu trip and hadn't thought to leave a note for the children's parents.The twins had gotten up on the morning of their ninth birthday, and Lorcan had said he wanted ice cream for breakfast. Luna firmly believed in letting her children dictate the course of their birthdays, so when they decided to have ice cream for breakfast, she gathered their cousins for a trip to Diagon Alley. Rose's father had been away for a few days covering a Portuguese Quidditch match, and Hermione was still asleep, as she had been up most of the night working on an essay for a new compilation she had been selected for. Rose and Hugo had been woken by Luna, who grabbed them clothes with cat-like silence and then Apparated them back to her house. Neither of them cared much for Apparating with Luna, especially when she was concentrating on being silent instead of landing smoothly.Rose and Hugo had joined the Potter boys and the twins at the Scamander house. Lily had recently had a bad experience with an Exploding Imp tucked inside an ice cream cone and had sworn she would never eat ice cream again. They left her sleeping in the room she still shared with Albus. Still half-asleep, the children used Luna's fireplace to Floo into Diagon Alley.Some of the shops had yet to open, but the ice cream parlor's enchanting melody was wafting down they alley. Luna let the children order whatever they wanted, getting a simple chocolate cone for herself. They were still sitting outside the shop, basking in the early morning sunlight, when the Auror arrived.The burly wizard Apparated into view with a sharp snapping sound. He strode right past their group and entered the ice cream parlor. Luna frowned but told the children that it was probably nothing to worry about. However, the Auror returned a moment later, along with the freckled witch who had served them their ice cream."But I know them," the witch was saying, looking far too scared for so early in the day. "She comes in with them all the time.""Is there a problem?" asked Luna politely."Are these your children?" asked the Auror.When Rose looked back on the story, she always thought about what a silly question it was. There was Luna with her golden blonde hair, sitting with two identical boys who were quite clearly her children. Then there were four other children who bore absolutely no resemblance to her, with their mixture of darker hair and (in Hugo's case) violent spatterings of freckles."These two are," said Luna, indicating the twins. "It's their birthday. These are their cousins."The Auror shoved a flier towards Luna, who took it with a frown. As she looked at it, the frown faded and she began to giggle. The gruff man standing before her did not look like he appreciated her reaction."Oh, we need to go home now," said Luna, handing the flier back to the irritated Auror. "Apparently you all have been kidnapped."Albus groaned and buried his head in his hands, while James looked just as amused as Luna."Can I have that?" he asked the Auror, reaching for the flier. "I want proof that I was kidnapped.""James," said Lysander reproachingly. The Auror sighed and gave James the paper, on which Rose could see their faces blinking back at him."Neat," said James as they stood."I'll escort you back to the Potter house," said the Auror, who sounded like he was announcing that they would be swimming back home through a bog. "This way, c'mon."When Rose stepped out of the fireplace, she knew that it had been a mistake to volunteer to go first. She had left what remained of her ice cream behind, but what she had eaten was churning violently in her stomach. The room was packed with witches and wizards in various uniforms, though she saw that most of them wore the same Auror colors as Uncle Harry did when he went to work.Her parents were standing in a corner, talking quietly with their foreheads resting against each other. Rose could hear Uncle Harry barking orders from somewhere in the mass of people. She caught "one hour" and "reward" before a hush fell over the room."Do you understand?" snapped Uncle Harry in the sudden silence."Hello," said Rose awkwardly, stepping out of the fire. As soon as she was clear, Albus tumbled forward, brushing soot off his trousers."Ow," muttered Albus. "Oh…. hello everyone."Someone began to chuckle but was quickly hushed. Hermione ran to Rose and enveloped her in a suffocating hug. Though her face was buried in her mum's dress, Rose heard Uncle Harry as he crossed the room. She knew it was him because it seemed like no one else dared to breathe.James and Hugo came through the fire together, followed by the twins. Uncle Harry stood in front of them with his arms crossed, still not saying a word. Finally, Luna came through in a burst of green, followed by the Auror who had come to the ice cream parlor."Collins," said Uncle Harry at last, his voice low and even, "call back the others. Pamela, back to Kingsley. The rest of you, out. Out!" he repeated, finally breaking his calm facade. The others began Disapparating quickly, and soon only the family was left behind.Rose wanted to leave as well, but Hermione still had a firm grip on her. Her eyes found Lily curled up in a chair, her eyes puffy and red."Luna," said Harry softly, "where were my children." He did not end the sentence as a question; rather, he sounded like he was making a dangerous demand.Luna met his steely gaze, then turned to her sons."Run along home," she said with a smile, "your father is stopping by later to see you. Find something new in the garden to show him."Lysander and Lorcan looked more than happy to escape the Potter house. Lysander paused in the doorway and glanced back, and for a moment Rose thought that he was going to say something. The moment passed, and Lysander followed his twin through the door and out of sight.Luna looked back to Harry, and her smile evaporated."The boys wanted ice cream," she said, her voice soft and (Rose was startled to hear) sad. "I brought the others along for a treat. It's their birthday.""I know it's their damn birthday!" roared Harry, his face turning red, then purple. "You think I didn't go to see if you were home? But you weren't, and the boys were gone, and Rose and Hugo—""Harry," said Hermione gently."Lily woke up and told me that someone came and took her brother!" screamed Harry, paying no attention to Hermione's attempts to calm him down. "I thought she had a bad dream but no, they were all gone! My children!"Ron touched Rose's shoulder and nodded towards the door. She followed him, accompanied by Hugo. She wanted to grab Albus, who was staring at the floor, but her father guided her into the kitchen before she could stop him.They could still hear Harry bellowing as they left the house. Only once the door had closed behind them did Rose escape the noise. Ron stopped and knelt on the grass, coming level with Rose and Hugo."You two can't just leave without telling your mum and I," he said gently. "If you're going to visit your cousins, just leave us a note so we know where you are.""I'm sorry," said Rose, her eyes filling with tears. "We didn't mean to scare everyone.""It's not your fault," said Ron, squeezing her hand. "Luna should have thought to stop and let someone know you'd be gone. That's her job as a grown-up. But I want you two to start thinking of things like that too, alright?""Uncle Harry hates her now," sniffed Hugo, also trying to fight back tears. "I don't wanna stop seeing Lorcan and Lysander.""And you won't have to," said Ron. "Harry doesn't hate her, he's just— he got very, very scared, and sometimes when he's scared like that, he loses his temper. He doesn't want anything bad happening to the people he cares about."Rose connected how she had felt at eight years old to how she was feeling now, sitting in the Great Hall. Her father's words echoed in her head: he doesn't want anything bad happening to the people he cares about. She didn't want to know how Uncle Harry was going to react to finding out his only daughter, his youngest child, had been Sorted into Slytherin.Albus and James were both eating in silence. Rose didn't want to push either of them to make small talk, so instead she looked to Lysander."I think Hugo will do well in Hufflepuff," said Lysander as soon as he met Rose's gaze. It seemed that he had been waiting to know it was safe to start talking."Me too," said Rose. "I just hadn't really thought about him not being in Gryffindor.""He'll be with Fred!" said Lysander. Rose remembered how happily Fred had spoken about his first year, going on and on about how much he loved his housemates whenever anyone on the Grange had asked. He had been antsy to return to school, but without any sign of the previous year's anxiety. The knot in her stomach relaxed a bit."That's right," she said, "he will be. And Briar's there too."Hugo was sitting with a few of the other first years, no longer looking nervous. He began to laugh as Rose watched him. The knot relaxed even more."He's going to be fine," she repeated, this time truly believing it. "I'll write to Mum and Dad tonight. They'll be happy for him."James snorted but did not look up from his roasted potatoes."Which classes did you add for this year?" asked Lysander lightly. Rose resisted the urge to laugh— he knew which elective courses she had chosen since she had asked his advice the previous year. The decision had crept up on her amidst all of the chaos with the dragons, and she had only had a day to think about her decision before submitting the form to Professor Evariste."Ancient Runes and Arithmancy," she replied with a grin."Oh," said Lysander, "great choices."Rose rolled her eyes. Of course he thought she had chosen well— they were the same elective he had chosen for himself!Neither of the Potters spoke as the dessert trays appeared. Rose and Lysander continued their small talk between mouthfuls of chocolate mousse pie, only going silent when Professor McGonagall stood."I have some announcement to share with you all," she began loudly. The last murmurs of conversation died down. "First, I would like to touch on a few security reminders. Hogwarts Castle is guarded by innumerable spells and charms that make it inaccessible to anyone who does not belong here. The Hogwarts Express is likewise guarded against intrusions. Any attempt to circumvent these measures will fail. Earlier today, we had to send a young lady home who was discovered aboard the train."There were a few murmurs around the Hall. At the Head Table, Rose noticed that Neville was looking uncharacteristically grim. Professor Evariste patted his shoulder and leaned in to whisper something."This is not the first time this has happened," continued Professor McGonagall, "but it will certainly be the last."Rose glanced at the Hufflepuff table where Hugo sat with the other first years. Taylor's mouth was hanging open and she appeared to be quite distressed. The prefect who had greeted her was speaking to her in hushed tones. Rose felt a pang of irritation towards Lily and her aptitude for causing problems wherever she went.Professor McGonagall continued. "You will all receive your class schedules Monday at breakfast. Yes, that means that breakfast is mandatory," she said, looking at groups of older students who were grumbling. "You should be eating before lessons regardless. If I hear anyone complaining about not having a lie in, I will insure that all breakfasts become mandatory."There was more muffled grumbling around the room. Rose couldn't understand their frustration. She always needed to eat in the morning, or her brain just wouldn't function properly."And now, students," said Professor McGonagall briskly, "you know that I have spent many years of my life at this school. While I have enjoyed both teaching and serving as headmistress, the time has come for me to find a replacement. At the end of this year, I will be stepping away from Hogwarts."Rose nearly choked on the crust of her pie. She was not alone in having a reaction to this news. All around the Hall, students cried out in surprise. Only the first years seemed to be unaffected by this news."Students!" said Professor McGonagall sharply. "This is not an excuse to talk amongst yourselves. I will have silence."Only once all conversations had ended did Professor McGonagall continue."I will be interviewing potential replacements throughout the year," she said. "I expect you all to be on your best behavior when we have guests in the castle. Is that understood?"The students nodded and murmured in agreement."Excellent. Now, you may have noticed that Professor Flitwick was absent from this evening's Sorting Ceremony."Rose hit Lysander's arm, which was entirely unnecessary as he was already paying rapt attention to Professor McGonagall."Professor Flitwick, like myself, spent many years devoted to this school. Over the summer, he realized that it was in his own best interest and the best interest of the students here to pass his position on to a new teacher. She was unable to join us for this evening's feast, but Professor Halberton will be starting classes with you all at the beginning of next week. Please spend your Charms periods this week to review the material assigned to you over the summer. That is all for tonight."She waved a weary hand and sat back in her chair. Rose watched her as the students returned to their excited conversations. She had seen pictures of Professor McGonagall from when her parents were in school, but this was the first time Rose noticed how old she looked. Certainly her hair had been silver since Rose had begun her first year, but she had never noticed how lined her face was and how frail she seemed within her robes."Today hasn't happened yet," said James casually, shoveling heaps of mousse into his mouth."Oh?" said Lysander with only mild interest.James shook his head and swallowed."Nope," he said, putting more pie on his plate. "This proves it. I'm having some sort of crazy stress dream. You know, like the ones where you're playing Quidditch but you realize you don't know the other players and you're totally naked?"Lysander chuckled and said, "I actually don't have dreams like that.""Me neither," said Rose."Well, this is one of them," said James simply.Albus wasn't one to try and deny reality. He had looked mildly surprised at Professor McGonagall's announcement, but had returned to pushing smashed pieces of pie around his plate with his fork."I'm going to spend tomorrow settling in," Rose said to Lysander. "Maybe spend some time in the library."September first had fallen on a Saturday this year, so the students were to have the next day to themselves. Rose was looking forward to being able to relax in her dormitory before beginning classes. She could triple-check that she had completed her assignments, and perhaps read another chapter in her Ancient Runes textbook. She was still a bit put-out that it was partially written in English and partially written in runes that she could not yet translate."I'll probably see you there," said Lysander, glancing at James. Rose knew that Lysander wouldn't want to be in his dormitory when James woke up to discover that this had not, in fact, all been some sort of crazy dream.Rose didn't see any of her dormitory mates until they were in the Gryffindor common room. Rose slid past a group of squealing girls and headed up the winding staircase that led to all of the girls' rooms. Her door was now marked as Third Years, which made her grin. Despite some mildly stressful events throughout the day, it was good to be back in the castle.As soon as she opened the door, a small blonde shape hurtled towards her. She was immediately enveloped in a hug by Loren Nicosa, who did not wait to break the hug before she began to chatter."I can't believe I haven't seen you all summer!" she cried, squeezing Rose tightly. "How have you been? What have you been up to?""Oh, you know," said Rose, "the usual.""Reading," said Kara Welsh from across the room. Her long red hair was pulled back from her face, and she smiled warmly at Rose as she unpacked her trunk. "Am I right?""Yes," admitted Rose as Loren released her, "mostly reading.""You should have come to visit," pouted Loren, springing onto her bed. "I had the most delightful time!"Before she could continue, the door opened again. In came tiny Mary Deverill, followed by Rose's favorite of the group, Tia Marsh. Tia's coarse hair sprung out around her face and was being held back by colorful clips. She glanced around the room, then met Rose's eyes and grinned."Why hello there," said Tia. "Have I missed all the fun?""Oh Tia!" gushed Loren. "What have you been up to? Why didn't you come visit this summer?"Tia chuckled. "I wasn't invited," she reminded Loren. "Anyway, I spent most of it traveling with my uncle. It was great."The girls oohed and begged Tia to tell them stories about her adventures. Rose listened as she got ready for bed, her eyelids heavy once more. By the time she had gotten changed and climbed under her covers, Tia had finished one story and was refusing to start on the next."Tomorrow," Tia promised the other girls. "I'm beat."Rose smiled at Tia as the others continued talking. "Sounds like fun," she said quietly.Tia shrugged. "It was pretty neat," she admitted. "Still, I'm glad to be back here."Kara squealed loudly and clapped her hands. Rose raised her eyebrows, and Tia laughed."Mostly glad," Tia amended.Rose yawned. "Talk tomorrow?" she asked.Tia nodded and started getting ready for bed. Rose tuned out the conversation the other girls were having and concentrated on how soft her pillow was beneath her head. Closing her eyes, she focused on the smell of the dormitory. It was such a normal smell, but one she hadn't realized she had missed. Breathing in deeply, she drifted off to sleep.The first day in the castle was relaxed, even with the first years scampering around with their prefects, who were leading tours of the castle. Rose and Tia spent some time in the common room before giving up and returning to their dormitory. There, they were able to catch up on their summer stories without the noise of their classmates doing the same."So, your brother is in Hufflepuff," said Tia casually. "And that's alright with you?""It's a bit weird," admitted Rose. "I just thought he would be here with me. But he looked happy last night. I sent an owl off to Mum and Dad this morning. They'll probably be surprised as well, but not upset or anything.""Unlike…" said Tia pointedly, looking at the door to their dormitory. Rose knew that she was referring to Albus and James."That," said Rose, nodding. "That was— I suppose it makes sense, she's always been— I don't know how they'll react," she stammered. "James isn't happy. I'm sure he's dealing with it in his own way."Albus and James had, in fact, left early in the morning to fly around the grounds and did not return until after the sun had gone down. Albus gave Rose a weary grin and flashed her a thumbs up before stumbling up the stairs to his dormitory. She wanted to ask if he had gotten in touch with his parents, but Albus seemed so much more relaxed than he had the night before. She wasn't eager to ruin that.Their free day was over before anyone had the time to savor it. The next morning brought all of the students back down into the Great Hall."I can't believe she's making breakfast mandatory," complained James as he piled food onto his plate. "I think that's rubbish.""You have breakfast every day," Rose pointed out. "Why do you care?"James shrugged. "It's just the principle of the matter."Albus looked at Rose and rolled his eyes. They both knew that James had problems with authority."I knew I'd find you lot together," said a voice from behind Rose.She turned and saw Professor Evariste sorting through class schedules with a grin. His current robes (mauve trimmed with silver) were subdued compared to what he usually wore. His light hair was swept back away from his face, revealing twinkling hazel eyes."Here you go," he continued, handing papers to Rose and Albus. "James, I know I just saw yours in here…. Somewhere…."Rose scanned her schedule quickly. "We don't have you until tomorrow," she said, slightly disappointed. Defense Against the Dark Arts was one of her favorite classes, despite Lorcan's feelings on the subject material."You'll manage," laughed Evariste as he handed James his schedule.Rose and Albus' day began with History of Magic. The third year Gryffindors trudged towards the classroom, no one smiling except Rose. She actually enjoyed learning about magical history, though the ghostly professor left much to be desired when it came to making the lessons interesting.She settled in next to Albus and pulled A History of Magic out of her bag. Albus glanced at it nervously, then said, "I'll just look on with you then.""Al—""I forgot," he groaned, "it's up on my bed. To be fair, I didn't want to lug all of my books with me for the morning. They could have given us our schedules yesterday so we'd know what to bring for today."Before Rose could agree with her cousin, Professor Binns floated through the wall. It was sometimes difficult to determine where he was looking, as his semi-transparent ghostly eyes tended to fade into the wall behind him. Now he appeared to take in the room before nodding and launching into his lecture."Page seventeen," he began with a sigh, "the beginning of chapter one. We will be discussing the third International Confederation of the— yes?"He had noticed Rose's hand in the air."Professor," she said hesitantly, "we've done chapter one already.""Not of the new book," responded Professor Binns. "Now— yes, Miss…?""What new book?" asked Rose.Professor Binns paused, then said, "A Revised Magical History, of course."There was a general murmur from the students."We don't have that one," said Rose. "We were told to bring A History of Magic again."Professor Binns frowned, the deep lines barely noticeable in his transparent face. "Ah," he said, "I see. Did I not tell the Headmaster, then?""Headmistress," corrected Rose gently, "and no, I don't think so."Clearly disgruntled, Professor Binns turned in midair and floated back through his chalkboard and out of sight. After a brief moment, some of the students began to laugh."You have to admit, it is funny," said Albus when Rose looked at him reproachingly.Chatter broke out among the students. Rose saw Liam O'Grady sitting with Tia Marsh. It looked like he was trying to have a serious conversation with her, but she kept laughing. Further down the row of desks sat Briar Longbottom, who was showing one of his classmates, Isaac Hurley, something in a textbook.After ten minutes, however, the novelty of the situation had begun to wear off. Professor Binns had still not returned, and the students kept glancing at the blackboard nervously. Finally, Norma Vane raised her voice nervously from her group of friends."Is he coming back?" she asked.Everyone looked around, not knowing the answer."Rose," said Loren Nicosa, "since he left, can we go too?"And then everyone was looking at her, as if she would have the solution."Ehrm…" said Rose, looking around at the expectant faces. "I mean, I don't know where he went…. Or if he's coming back….""So?" said Loren, leaning forward. "Can we go?""I mean…. I suppose if he's not coming back…."Before Rose had finished the thought, the other students were packing their bags and heading for the door. Some of the Hufflepuffs glanced back at the podium nervously, but it was clear that not even they wanted to wait around for a professor who might not be returning any time this year."So," said Albus slowly, looking around, "I guess that means a free period?""Don't ask me," muttered Rose, repacking her bag. "I'm going to see if the library has any copies of that book he wanted us to get.""Do that later," whined Albus. "C'mon, we can go see Evariste or something."But Professor Evariste's door was closed, and they could hear his start-of-term speech faintly echoing from the other side. Rose and Albus returned to the Gryffindor common room, which was deserted except for a seventh year girl who was reading in the corner. She looked at them disapprovingly, clearly assuming that they had skipped their first class. The History of Magic snafu meant that the first year Gryffindors had their entire Monday morning free, as their next class was meant to be Charms.Despite Albus insisting that she not worry about the textbook situation, Rose ate her lunch quickly and then headed to the library. The chair behind the front desk was vacant, as were all of the seats at the reading tables."Hello?" called Rose.A small figure popped out from among the books— Odessa Blackwell, one of the Slytherin girls in Rose's year. She wrinkled her nose upon seeing Rose."Oh," she said, "I thought you were Tomasa.""Just me," said Rose. "Is anyone else here?"Before Odessa could answer, there was a loud clattering from a corner of the library. It sounded like a stack of books— perhaps a few stacks— had toppled over."I'm fine!" called a voice from that direction. "Don't worry, I'll just— ah— I'll be there in a moment, dear!"Odessa rolled her eyes. "They hired this Squib to help out," she said softly. "I don't care about that whole Squib thing, you know, but she keeps knocking everything over. At least if she could do some proper spells, she could just Summon what we need."Rose wasn't completely convinced about Odessa's attitude towards Squibs, but she kept that thought to herself."What are you here for?" she asked."Professor Binns' book," said Odessa. "I didn't know we needed a new one. Mum was supposed to get everything on the list.""It wasn't on the list," said Rose, "he forgot to add it. I had him first thing this morning. He just sort of drifted away when he found out no one had the book.""That's what Francesca said during Transfiguration," said Odessa. "I don't have him until tomorrow but I hate falling behind."From the back of the library came a thin woman with a halo of light blonde hair spiking out from around her face. She was carrying a short stack of books— new, by the looks of them. She offered Rose and Odessa a brief smile before dropping the books onto the front desk."There!" she said, grinning. "That's all of them. I do hope that's enough."Rose looked at Odessa, who said, "Not quite."The woman's face fell. "I was only told to order a few," she said nervously. "I can put another order in tonight, but we might not get them for a few days.""That's fine," said Rose. "Our professor didn't tell us we needed to buy them. It's not your fault."The woman didn't look convinced."I'd like to take one of these out," continued Rose, "if that's alright. I can share with a few people if I need to.""Of course," said the woman. "Let me see…. Where did she put that book? It was right here a moment ago!""Try the front desk," said Rose gently. Odessa was fighting to hold back a fit of giggles.The woman reached around and pulled out the thick signature book detailing who had taken out which of the library's books."Thank you," she said sweetly. "Your name?""Rose Weasley," said Rose. "W-E-A-S-L-E-Y."Odessa snorted behind her, and Rose turned. Odessa was trying to contain laughter. "She probably knows how to spell it," she said. "Your last name. If you've ever read a paper, you've seen your family's name."Rose's cheeks flushed and she turned back towards the counter."Thank you," said the woman. "My name is Clare. I'll be helping out here in the library this year. Now if you have any questions or need anything else, you just come to me and I'll sort it out!""Thanks," muttered Rose. She took the book and left without looking back at Odessa.She had avoided strange treatment since coming to Hogwarts. She supposed that was because plenty of Weasleys had come before her; Albus had only gotten a couple of sideways stares, and that was usually because of the uncanny resemblance he bore his father. Rose had never considered herself to be someone others would recognize. That was always her parents.Rose slipped into the Potions classroom just as Professor Slughorn began to take attendance. Somehow Odessa had beaten her to the dungeons, even though Rose had left the library first. The other girl didn't look at her; she was busy whispering to the other girl at her desk, Tomasa Kerpbow.Professor Slughorn didn't bother wasting time with an overview of what the year would cover. He told the class to pair off and assigned them a review potion from the previous year. Rose looked for Albus, but he had already sat down with Scorpius. He shot her an apologetic glance, but Rose knew it was her own fault for being so late."Help," whispered Tia from behind Rose, making her jump. "I have no idea what we're doing."Rose grinned and slid her stool closer to her friend. "It's an easy one," she said, "don't worry. Remember, it's all about following the instructions. Easy."She thought she heard Tia mutter something about "problems with authority" but couldn't make out the rest."These girls are driving me mad already," said Tia as she and Rose began dicing ginger root."We've only been back two days!""Two long, painful days," said Tia darkly. "Apparently Loren has fallen head over heels in love with some rockstar. Mary can't stand him, and Kara also wants to marry him. If Loren tries to play his music, Kara and Mary both get mad. If Mary turns it off, though, then Kara's mad at her.""When do they have time for all of this?" said Rose, slightly impressed. "It's been two days!""Don't ask me," said Tia, shaking her head. "Do you think if I slipped some of this to them, it would help?Rose looked at their cauldron dubiously. "If they have a stomach ache," she said.Tia sighed and continued dicing her ginger root.

Rose had to remind herself to make time during her first week of classes to sit down and write to her family. She had promised them that they would hear from her more frequently this year, and she intended to keep that promise.After she finished her letters to her parents, however, she couldn't crush the nagging feeling that she still had more to write. Still undecided, she took out more parchment and dipped her quill in the inkwell on her desk.Dmitri,I hope you don't mind that I'm writing again. I haven't heard back from you, and I'm worried that my letters aren't making it to Durmstrang. I know it's Unplottable like Hogwarts, but letters still make it here. I don't know if there are any other protections that might be preventing letters getting through, so I figured I would try again.You should have met some of my friends this summer— the League of Dragon Riders. I asked Marco to make sure you were getting my letters. I'm back at Hogwarts for Year Three, and my little brother was just sorted into Hufflepuff. He seems happy so far. Albus' sister was put in Slytherin— you can imagine his reaction!How are classes for you? Are you learning anything interesting? Did you catch up on your work after being away for a year?I didn't see much of Scorpius this summer. There were things going on with his family and they didn't want him being away from them. Things with them are pretty complicated. I'll explain another time.I do hope you'll visit sometime. I don't know when your school has extended vacations, but if you have a break, let me know and I can talk to Professor McGonagall about you visiting! I'm sure she would be alright with it. Everyone would be. We could all play chess again, how about that?I hope to hear from you soon! I'll try and read up some more on Durmstrang and see if there's anything that might be blocking my letters. Just in case!Sincerely,RoseRose stared at the letter for a few minutes, letting the sound of the crackling fire wash over her. Finally, flattening her lips into a tight line, she reached forward and tossed it into the flames. After a year without any contact from Dmitri, perhaps it was time to step back and see if he would get in touch with her.She had somehow forgotten that that week was the official start of the Quidditch season. Albus reminded her the next morning at breakfast as he jumped over the bench and crashed into the Gryffindor table."Albus!""Sorry!" he cried, settling himself onto the bench. "Sorry, got excited. Just saw Cameron.""Is he making you try out?" asked James, grabbing an apple pastry.Albus grinned almost psychotically and shook his head."He said I really proved myself last year," he said quietly, leaning in towards the table. "There's one open Chaser spot, and I've got it!""That's wonderful!" said Rose."Congratulations," said Lysander. "So no one's trying out this year?""We need a new Reserve," said Albus. "Louis made a clean sweep through his O.W.L.s, so Uncle Bill and Aunt Fleur are letting him back on the team. He'll be a Beater again with Cameron.""Is Dominique staying on?" asked Rose.Albus nodded.Rose didn't want to say as much, but she thought that playing Quidditch while preparing for the N.E.W.T.s was far too much for someone to handle. Dominique wasn't always the most studious of her cousins, but she had always done fairly well in school. This wasn't the year to ruin that record.She didn't see Scorpius in class until Wednesday when she went to her first Arithmancy lesson. Rose had expected to be the first to arrive, but a few others were already sitting inside the classroom. Scorpius was alone at a long table, hunched over an open textbook."Hey," she said, taking the seat next to him. He looked up, startled. "Forgot you'd be here.""Same," said Scorpius.Rose could feel the energy in the room shift when the professor entered. She was a tall, lean woman built of wiry muscles and wearing simple brown robes. Her dark hair was pulled back into a sleek braid, and her grey eyes surveyed the room as she pulled her chair out next to her desk and sat."Come forward," she requested firmly, gesturing to the students who were lingering in the back of the classroom. "We're all to be well acquainted here."Rose unpacked her bag as the other students moved down to the front. She had been itching to tear through her Arithmancy book since returning with it from Diagon Alley, but the first chapter expressly stated that it was meant to be worked through with the help of a qualified instructor. Though she was tempted to take the warning as a challenge, Rose had reluctantly put the book aside."Good morning, class," said the witch, her soft voice carrying effortlessly through the room. "I am Professor Ardenia, and I am here to begin your education in Arithmancy. Have any of you begun to read your textbook?"Rose raised her hand slightly off of the table. Professor Ardenia's eye fell on her, cool and amused."Only a bit," clarified Rose. "It said not to read too much before starting classes.""Precisely why I prefer this book," said Professor Ardenia. "What use is a professor if the students have already mastered the material at home? That is not why you attend school. So, would any of you care to tell me what you know about Arithmancy?"To Rose's surprise, Scorpius raised his hand. He typically kept to himself during class discussions— she recalled what he said about his father wanting him to keep quiet and frowned."Yes, Mister…?""Scorpius," he said quietly. "Arithmancy has to do with numbers and how they affect Divination.""Scorpius is partially correct," said Professor Ardenia. "We will be dealing with numbers for much of our time together. These numbers do not only affect the study of the future, however, but many other aspects of our life, which we will get into as the year progresses."She scanned the room again, her eyes hardening slightly."This class is not going to be particularly easy," she continued, "but if you apply yourself, there is no reason for you to not understand the material. It will simply require that you all work hard."After a moment of tense silence, Professor Ardenia smiled."Today we'll have a bit of fun," she said. "In chapter one you'll find a few simple number charts. Use these to calculate the meaning behind your full name, then your family name. There are guidelines listed for three separate results: your character number, your heart number, and your social number. Rarely will these three values be the same."Rose took out a spare piece of parchment and flipped to the first set of charts. On the parchment she wrote her name, then what number corresponded to each letter. She added those numbers together, then once more until she was left with a single number: three. She labeled that as her character number, then moved on to the next chart.After she had finished her calculations, she was left with a character number of three, a heart number of five, and a social number of seven. She flipped past the next set of number charts in search of a key to explain what these numbers meant, but found only blank pages. Flipping forward more, she realized that the rest of the book was blank.Looking up, Rose saw Professor Ardenia smiling mischievously at her."It will fill itself as we cover more material," said the witch, her eyes twinkling merrily. "When the others are done, we'll start talking about what these numbers mean."Rose fought to suppress a frown. When she had decided not to read past the first chapter, she hadn't realized that she didn't have any other choice!Scorpius leaned over to look at her parchment, setting his quill down. Rose looked at his results: three, seven, and five. They were just like her results, only in a different order."We all seem to be finished," said Professor Ardenia at last. "So each of your three numbers speaks to a different part of your personality. It is natural for them to be different, as there are many different forces at play within you at any given moment."Let's look at the first number, your character number. This is your overall personality. Your heart number speaks to your emotional self, while your social number correlates with how you interact with others. If you'll flip to the next section in your book, we can begin to review what these numbers mean."The next few pages had filled with text. Rose skipped right to three, her eyes skimming over the words. Complete, whole, in touch with her mind, body, and spirit as one…. She grinned. This said that threes were often successful! But her smile faded as she read the next line: threes could also be unfocused and vain."Well that's great," muttered Scorpius, having read the same section about himself.Rose's chest tightened as she began to read the paragraph on five, her heart number. It said that five meant uncertainty, instability, and a lot of change. Fives often enjoyed adventure and risk but could be irresponsible and impatient.Finally she read the section on sevens: bright people, understanding, who enjoy challenges. Scholars are sevens, read Rose with a grin, and they value originality more than material goods."This is—" Scorpius began, but a stern look from Professor Ardenia silenced him."You may not agree with this original assessment," said their professor, "and that is perfectly alright with me. You will not agree with everything that you learn in this course, which is why I feel it is an important part of your education. You will not be successful witches and wizards if you are not willing to be open-minded. So, let's discuss."When the class concluded, Rose left with a dull headache and what would either be a relatively fun or disastrous assignment: she had to evaluate five of her friends using the number charts and then write a short essay explaining if she felt the numbers had an accurate read on their personalities.The next day brought another new class for Rose: Ancient Runes. This one she was far more excited for, as she had been able to prepare for the course over the summer. Lysander had shown her a few books in his family's library detailing the history of the study, which Rose found fascinating. Cultures from all around the world began using runes at the same point in history, even though they had no contact with each other at that point. Runes predated the consolidation of wizarding societies; they were in use for centuries prior to lines of communication opening up in the magical world.Professor Stramus was waiting in the classroom when Rose arrived. Once again, she was surprised to see Scorpius already sitting in the room, absently flipping through his textbook."Shouldn't you be in Muggle Studies?" asked Rose as she sat."That one's tomorrow," said Scorpius, glancing nervously at the professor, who was scribbling in a notebook. "The classes don't overlap, so I'm able to take all three."Rose wasn't sure what the feeling was that struck her at that moment, but it was something that felt peculiarly like jealousy. That made no sense— she had no reason to be jealous of Scorpius deciding to work himself to death. She would much rather focus on two elective courses than get bogged down with three. Besides, her mother was Muggleborn! If she needed to know anything about Muggles, all she had to do was ask. She knew that James was taking Muggle Studies, but that was because he thought it would be an easy course to get excellent marks in."Good for you," said Rose at last, spending more time than necessary digging through her bag. "This one I've been reading up on.""Me too," said Scorpius. "It made me think of— that thing, remember?"Rose stared at him blankly."That thing," he repeated slowly. "By the room you showed me last year?"Professor Stramus laughed, and both Rose and Scorpius jumped. The witch looked up from her notebook and tucked a stray piece of curly hair back behind her ear."You're not very good at that," she told Scorpius plainly. "Miss Weasley, correct?"Rose nodded mutely."Mister Scamander has told me all about you," said Professor Stramus warmly. "He says you're quite bright. And you, Mister…?""Malfoy," replied Scorpius hesitantly."Mister Malfoy!" exclaimed Professor Stramus. "I went to school with your father, you know. He was a few years older, but I used to watch him practice spells in the common room. You've inherited his talent, I hope?"Scorpius gave a jerky half-nod, half-shrug. Professor Stramus seemed oblivious to his discomfort and plowed on."Anyway, Mister Malfoy, there are plenty of examples of ancient runes around this castle. I doubt even I've found them all at this point! Wherever you and Miss Weasley have come across some, you will hopefully be able to decipher them by the end of this year. If they're in the curriculum," she added as an afterthought. "Perhaps after two years, actually."Rose was saved from having to come up with an appropriate response as the other students filed in. Loren Nicosa was having a heated argument with Brady Payne and sat next to him without noticing Rose's presence. A handful of Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs made their way to the desks around the room. Right as the bell rang, Callum Leach rang through the door and landed in the first seat he saw— right next to Loren."Welcome to Ancient Runes," said Professor Stramus, setting her notebook aside and picking up a class roster. "We have a smaller group for this year. Where are your peers?""Mostly Care of Magical Creatures," chirped Francesca Bouer, a Ravenclaw girl with short brown hair. "That's the same time as this one.""Ah," said Professor Stramus, nodding, "well, that does make sense, now doesn't it? Have you all purchased the required text for the class?"There was a general murmur of assent."Excellent," said Professor Stramus, "then let's dive right in."After the lesson ended, Rose walked with Scorpius to the Great Hall for lunch. He was silent most of the way, and though Rose was itching to ask if he was upset that Professor Stramus had mentioned his father, she kept her mouth shut. Finally, Scorpius broke the silence."Quidditch trials this weekend," he said casually. "Should be fun. Is Al excited?""He keeps talking about who he thinks the new Reserve might be," said Rose, "so I'd say yes, very excited. I'm just happy that he has a place on the team."Scorpius paused, then said, "My father was on the Slytherin team, you know. When he was here. He started young too.""I didn't know that," said Rose carefully. "Is that… good?""It's why I made it on last year," said Scorpius, keeping his eyes fixed on the corridor ahead of them. "I heard them talking after the first game. No one thought that I was going to score, but they put me on because my father was good. So they hoped I would be better than I was at trials.""But you're very good!" exclaimed Rose. "I've seen you fly, remember? You don't always— when people are watching you hold back, but when it comes down to it, you can fly very well.""I know that," stated Scorpius plainly, "and hopefully now they do too. But I still have to fly this weekend.""But you're already on the team," said Rose. "They can't just—""Yes they can," said Scorpius with a shrug. Rose could tell that he was only pretending not to care about having to try out for the team again, but at that point they had reached the Great Hall. There was nothing else to say to him except that she would see him for Defense Against the Dark Arts.Albus was just as surprised as Rose when she told him what Scorpius had said."They wouldn't kick him off the team," he said, "not after he did well last year. It's not like he was out there dropping the Quaffle and getting in the way of everything. He's good!""Who's good?" asked James, sitting next to his brother."Aiden Graham," responded Albus easily. "I hear he's thinking about coming out on Saturday."James snorted and grabbed a meat pie from the tray. "He looks slow," he said dismissively. "I'm telling you, it's going to be Ethan."Rose checked out of the conversation and began to think about her Arithmancy homework. She doubted that the Potter brothers' names could even begin to cover the details of their personalities.Saturday morning, Rose awoke to the sound of a loud banging. She threw open her bed curtains and sprung to her feet, grabbing her wand from her bedside table. Her other hand flew to her chest automatically and grabbed the locket she wore."Rose!" cried Loren, and the banging stopped. "Oh my gosh, I am so sorry! I thought you were up and about already!""What was that?" asked Rose sharply, still looking around."It was her awful excuse for music," called Mary's voice from behind her bed curtains. "Loren Nicosa, it is an obscene hour of the morning. Turn it off. Leave it off.""I think it's a perfect way to start my day," said Loren haughtily."You know what's a great way to start your day?" asked Mary. "With all of your fingers and toes. I was thinking about removing them, but this blissful restoration of quiet has changed my mind. Leave. It. Off."Rose's heart rate had begun to settle and she lowered her wand. She tuned out Loren and Mary's bickering and got dressed. She was far too awake now to return to sleep, even if her dormitory mates would stop their argument.She found a comfortable chair in the common room, which only had a few other people at this hour. Most others were still asleep, Rose thought, as she had intended to be. But now that she was awake, there was no need to waste the morning.She began with her Arithmancy homework, spelling out Albus and James' names with plenty of room between the letters to note the corresponding numbers. Next she added Lorcan and Lysander, and after a moment of deliberation, jotted down Tia's name as the fifth. It didn't seem fair to include Scorpius, since she had already seen his numbers during class.As she had expected, most of the numbers did nothing in relation to the personalities of her cousins and friends. Growing frustrated with the work, she set it aside and cracked open the novel Aunt Luna had given her for her birthday. It was a romance novel, which she didn't typically enjoy, but the illustrations on the cover made it look promising. When Albus and James emerged from the common room, already dressed for Quidditch trials, she waved at them absently and wished them both luck.At the end of the second chapter, Rose paused to glance out the window. There seemed to be an awful lot of people out on the Quidditch pitch— were they all there for Gryffindor? She was relieved when a group of them went to sit in the stands. They were only there to observe. With a pang of guilt, Rose wondered if she was supposed to have gone down there to cheer her cousins on. Still, she rationalized, neither of them were trying to defend their position on the team. They were only there to help Cameron find the next Reserve to replace Albus.She grinned as she recognized Louis' golden hair gleaming in the sun as he shot off from the ground. He had been miserable for most of the previous year after his parents had forced him to step away from Quidditch and focus on his schoolwork. She just hoped he would be able to maintain some sort of balance now that he was a Beater again. As the others took to the sky, Rose returned to her novel.It was actually more interesting than she had anticipated. It started after one of the main characters was already dead and had decided to come back as a ghost to look after her sister. From the plot summary, Rose gathered that the living sister was going to fall in love with the dead one's fiancee. That couldn't possibly end well.When a group of Gryffindors entered the common room an hour later, Rose looked up from her novel. From the look of their hair and robes, they had been at the tryouts. She waited for James and Albus to bound over to her, then realized that they weren't with the others."Still out there," said Louis Weasley, falling into the chair next to Rose. He grinned brightly and ran a hand through his tousled hair. He, along with sister Victoire and Dominique, had inherited their mother's startling good looks. Even now, windswept and sweaty, Louis' appearance had turned the heads of two older girls across the room."Is everything alright?" asked Rose nervously."They're fine," said Louis, "Cam just wants to find a Reserve who can do what Al did last year. He needs someone who can step in for the Seeker if need be, or one of the Chasers. There was this bigger bloke who came out and flew pretty well, but I can't see him barreling after the Snitch."Rose didn't care who else Cameron added to the team as long as James and Albus were secure in their positions. As she looked back out the window, she saw the remaining players land and make their way off the field. They were replaced with a new group of students who gathered in a large circle on the pitch."Ah, it's time for Hufflepuff," said Louis, moving to a chair closer to the window. "This should be good. They need three new players, but if they find anyone as good as last year, we may be in for some trouble."Rose only realized that she had skipped both breakfast and lunch when her stomach began growling furiously an hour before dinner. When Albus and James had returned, they had launched into a play-by-play of the trials with Louis, which Rose excused herself from. Then Albus had decided to leave their Transfiguration work until that night, so she had continued with her novel. The ghost sister was now trying to seduce a wizard into creating a Dark spell to give her a new form so that she could kill her former lover on his honeymoon. It was all a bit melodramatic, but Rose still found herself needing to know what happened next."Food," said James, flopping a hand over Rose's open book, "now. C'mon."Rolling her eyes, Rose marked her spot and reluctantly set the book down. Though her brain was looking for answers, her stomach was looking for large quantities of food.After dinner, Rose approached Scorpius at the Slytherin table. Lily looked up as she came near and grinned brightly."Hello Rose," she chirped. "What're you doing all the way over here?""Scorpius was going to come do homework with Albus and I," said Rose, giving Scorpius a pointed look."Ah— yes, yes I was," stammered Scorpius. "Thank you for the reminder.""I wanted to play gobstones," said Lily, pouting at Scorpius. "You said we could play tonight.""After I get back from the library," said Scorpius, rising from the table. "Ready, Rose?"He exhaled sharply through his nose as they walked away from the table."Gobstones?" asked Rose with barely-concealed laughter."Lily is… she's awfully clingy," admitted Scorpius. "Don't tell Al I said as much, but it's true. It's only been a week, sure, but she acts like she has no one else she can talk to in Slytherin. And it's not like she doesn't have friends! She has loads of friends already! She's hardly being ostracized by the others, I promise you that.""Don't let James hear that his sister has a crush on you," said Rose with a grin as they left the Great Hall. Albus, who had been sitting on the stairs, groaned and covered his face."Tell me you're joking," he said through his fingers."Lily has a crush," said Rose plainly, "and it's driving Scorpius mad.""I don't know if I should be upset that Lily likes you," said Albus slowly, "or that you don't want her to. Either way, this is weird.""Library," grunted Scorpius, shaking his head. "I thought we were studying something.""Transfiguration," said Rose.As they made their way to the library, Albus filled Scorpius in on the Gryffindor Quidditch trials. Scorpius listened attentively, not showing any signs of jealousy for Albus having a definite spot on his team."How many of yours are done after this year?" asked Scorpius."Cameron, Dominique, Will, and Charles" said Albus with a grimace. "We'll need a Keeper, two Chasers, and a Beater, presuming everyone else stays on. It's going to be a rough turn-over. I still think Louis will be captain his last year, but James has it in his head that it might pass to him."Scorpius laughed openly at this. "No offense," he began, "but you know that's mental, right?""That's James," said Albus with a shrug as they entered the library and found a table. "Not always big on the whole rhyme and reason thing.""Maybe he could hex Cameron and make him pass on the title," said Scorpius thoughtfully."Or maybe he'll just try to hex you again," said Rose sternly. "Books, both of you. I'm not going to sit here and do your work for you, and if you fail your classes, I'm pretty sure you're not allowed to be on the teams, is that right? Something about a grade minimum?"Albus and Scorpius exchanged grim looks, then leaned in over Albus' Transfiguration book and began to work.

Rose spent the majority of Sunday morning finishing the novel Aunt Luna had given her, only to be frustrated beyond belief upon discovering that it was the first in a series. The Dark wizard managed to get himself blown up, but there was no resolution about if the ghost sister was going to try and kill the "cold-hearted, imbecilic child" sister and the "misguided, naiive" fiancee. She would have to get the next one to find out.Albus joined her in the common room after grabbing a late breakfast. Quite to Rose's surprise, he brought his Transfiguration textbook and returned to the previous night's assignment."It's not that bad," he admitted when he caught her staring. "I mean, it's not as fun as Charms, but it's better than Potions.""True," said Rose slowly, still suspicious. But Albus just went back to his work, and she decided not to question it further.The Slytherin tryouts had already begun, but Rose had difficulty following their progress from her perch by the common room window. All of the players were in the air at once playing a mock game. After a few minutes, Rose found Scorpius flying towards a goal post, his light hair shining in the sun. He shot and scored a goal, then rolled his broom over in celebration.When James reluctantly brought his Transfiguration textbook down to the common room, Rose knew it was only a matter of minutes before he and Albus got sidetracked again. To Albus' credit, he insisted on finishing his section on transfiguring food before setting his book aside and returning to the debate on who would be added to the Quidditch team."I'm still gonna kill Ethan for not showing up," said James, shaking his head. "He says he's too busy, but I think he needs to get his priorities in line.""Maybe it'll be one of the second years," suggested Albus. "Remember he kept that one girl behind, and she was pretty good. And we need more young players— everyone's going to be leaving next year.""Too new," said James with a huff, "and she's small, but almost too small, you know? It's like putting Rose on the team.""I can hear you," she said, not looking up from her book.The list went up right before dinner. As the afternoon had worn on, more of the Gryffindors filled the common room until it was unusually crowded. Louis played Exploding Snap with his sister in the corner, occasionally tossing one card in the air and hitting it with a spell to make it burst."It's sort of like he's studying," offered Lysander, watching Louis hit one smoldering card with a thin jet of water.Finally, Cameron slid through the portrait hole, pinned a piece of parchment to the notice board (which had been given a wide berth), and then left once more. There was a pause, then everyone began crowding around the board.Rose remained in her seat, watching the throng of students pushing to see who had made the team. From within the crowd, she heard one girl begin to scream with excitement."I did it!" she cried, then screamed wordlessly.Albus worked his way through the crowd back to his chair, looking mildly confused."Juliana Beryl," he explained, shaking his head."Is she good?" asked Rose."I honestly don't remember," admitted Albus. "I saw her but didn't think Cameron would be considering her. She's a fifth year, and pretty tall.""You thought it would be someone younger, like you were," said Rose. "Well, I hope she's a good fit."Albus shrugged."How was it seeing your name on the list?" asked Rose. "Does it finally feel real?"Albus' face lit up and he nodded excitedly. "I still have to write to Dad," he said breathily. "I didn't want— if something had changed, you know, and if I had already told him— you know how he can be.""I certainly do," she agreed. "How has he taken things with Lily?""Could be worse," said Albus mildly. "He told James and I to watch her, make sure she's keeping out of trouble. Mum wrote and told me to make sure she's making friends, which doesn't seem to be a problem for her.""Well, you can let her know at dinner that you're officially on the team," said Rose. "Let's go down once James has had his fill of staring at that list."It took James another few minutes to pull himself away from the group of students still examining the team roster. He nodded when Rose asked if he was ready for dinner, but remained thoughtfully silent during their walk to the Great Hall. He didn't speak until they had all sat at the table."Interesting," he said at last. "I suppose she's good. Just…a bit old to be starting out, don't you think?""That's what I was wondering about," said Albus. "Suppose we can ask her soon enough.""Where is everyone?" asked Rose, looking around the Hall. It was quieter than usual, and all four house tables were sparsely populated."All the lists go up at once," explained Albus, "so that one captain can't hear who another captain picked and base his team around that."The first big group to arrive was Hufflepuff. They were all chattering excitedly about their new team as they sat at their table. The Ravenclaws arrived shortly after, keeping their voices low and shooting furtive glances around at the other students."Oh, we'll know soon enough anyway," said James, rolling his eyes dramatically. "It's not like anything around here stays secret for very long."More students arrived in smaller groups, filling the four tables. Rose had continued to watch the main doors, so as soon as Scorpius entered, she searched his face for any clue of how his tryouts had gone. He was talking with another boy and did not look around as they went to sit at the Slytherin table."C'mon," muttered Rose, standing slightly to see over the other students' heads."What're you doing?" asked James."She's too tiny to see across the room," said Lysander as he sat. "Congratulations to the both of you. Can't say I'm surprised."Scorpius finally looked away from his conversation and scanned the room. When he met Rose's eyes, he grinned and nodded slightly, then turned back to his housemates.Rose gave Albus a thumbs up as she settled back onto the bench. He looked confused for a moment, then his eyes widened in realization."Really?" he said."Yes!" said Rose."I'm sitting right here!" cried James. "Stop acting like I'm too dense to notice you two being all dodgy.""Sorry," said Albus sheepishly. "We were waiting to hear if Scorpius was still on the team."James snorted but did not reply."How are you liking Professor Ardenia?" asked Lysander, ignoring James' shift in mood."She's interesting," said Rose. "So far I don't really— I mean, it's not that I'm saying I don't believe in it, but—""It takes a while," said Lysander, smiling. "Don't worry about believing in the Divination aspect of it just yet. There's a lot more to it that is less debatable."Rose tried to keep this in mind when examining her Arithmancy homework, but the numbers that corresponded to each of her friends seemed more like random assignments than true correlations to their personalities. She made it through three of them before setting the assignment aside once more and joining Lysander for a few rounds of cards.Breakfast the next morning was a hurried affair. Rose was distracted and kept referring to her class schedule, which lay open on her lap. She didn't know why, but there were the faint flutterings of nerves deep in her stomach. Today was her first Charms lesson with the new professor, and though she knew there was no reason to be nervous, the nerves remained. She had a respect for Professor Flitwick that had been engrained in her from years of family stories; this stranger had large shoes to step into.The room was already full of a nervous energy when Rose entered. Everyone had arrived early to get a glimpse of their newest professor. Rose had written to her mother asking if she knew anything about the Charms replacement but had yet to hear back.Albus seemed more nervous than excited and continuously shifted his textbook, as if trying to make it lay perfectly straight on the long table. Rose watched him as he nudged it to the right, then back to the left."I liked Flitwick," he blurted out suddenly. His cheeks were flushed pink, and his eyes remained on his book."I'm sure Professor Halberton will be fine," said Rose reassuringly. She tried to heed her own words and stamp out the last flutterings of her own nerves."It's just— I'm actually good at Charms," said Albus desperately, "and— and what if she's different and then I'm not good at it anymore?"There was a hysterical edge to his voice now. Rose put a hand on his and waited until he looked at her."A new professor isn't going to change the fact that you're good at this," she said gently. "You're good at Charms because of you, not because of anything Professor Flitwick did."Albus mumbled something incoherent, dropping his gaze again, but he began to breathe more evenly. Instead of shifting his book around, he flipped it open and stared at the pages intently.The class turned each time the door swung open, and everyone echoed seeing that it was just another student. Finally, when Rose was starting to wonder if their new professor was actually going to be late to their first lesson, the door opened once more— and there she was.Professor Halberton was beautiful. Rose doubted that anyone's first impression was anything besides that. Even as she took a few steps into the room, Rose's mind could not move on from how strikingly lovely the woman before her was.Long, golden hair fell in waves down her back; her face was lit by a smile and two gleaming blue eyes, separated by a tiny up-turned nose. She set her bag down on her desk, and only then did Rose realize she had stopped breathing.Rose glanced around the room and saw almost everyone staring raptly at their new professor as she unpacked her bag."So sorry to keep you all waiting," trilled Professor Halberton, looking up at the transfixed students. "I had to finish my meeting with Professor McGonagall. Have you been waiting long?"A few students shook their heads. No one spoke.Professor Halberton paused, looking at the class with a frown, then sighed and drew her wand. She traced a figure in the air, and suddenly it was as if the room was a bit dimmer. Rose realized a moment later that the light had remained steady, but Professor Halberton had somehow shifted. She looked approximately the same, but Rose would no longer call her beautiful. Yes, she had the same blonde hair; her eyes were still blue; her nose still petite; her lips still full— yet somehow, the pieces no longer added up as they had before."There we go," said Professor Halberton, still frowning slightly. "That will work better for all of us.""Did you have a Glamour Charm on?" asked one of the Ravenclaw girls curiously.Professor Halberton laughed. "I didn't before," she said, "but I do now. They're just as effective in the reverse, you know, though not nearly as popular."The Ravenclaw girl stared at her, apparently unaware that her mouth was hanging open."Veela blood," explained Professor Halberton, her tone now precise and business-like. "Half, to be precise. Unusual for the child to have manageable magic, I know, yet here I am.""But—""And perhaps later this year, we may discuss Glamour Charms," continued their professor firmly, "but until then, I can't imagine this being a relevant conversation. Professor Flitwick left me a stunning amount of information on what you've covered, but I'd rather hear from you about what you feel the need to review before we dive into some new material. Well?"No one tried to ask about Professor Halberton's remarkable parentage for the rest of the lesson. The class remained quiet as they packed, but excited chatter broke out as soon as they left the classroom."Remarkable," said Rose, "just remarkable! Aunt Fleur is, what, a quarter Veela? An eighth?""Dunno," said Albus vaguely. "I— I'll catch up with you later, alright?"Before she had a chance to respond, Albus turned and hurriedly walked back up the corridor towards the Charms classroom. Rose rolled her eyes— she supposed a good number of the boys would be seeking remedial Charms lessons this year.She didn't see Albus until lunch, and he brushed off questions about what he had been up to when he left her after class. Rose decided not to press the matter. At least he no longer seemed anxious about liking their new professor.James and Albus were openly disappointed with how few Quidditch practices they were having each week. Apparently Professor Evariste had learned about how hard Cameron had worked the team the year before and had set a maximum of three practices per week. He had also set a curfew for Cameron, who had kept the team out into the nighttime hours on a number of occasions."What if we're not ready in time?" complained James that Thursday evening. He had his Potions textbook open in front of him, but he kept glancing out the window at the figures flying around in the dim light. "Hufflepuff's out there again, and we're not losing to them two years in a row.""You'll be fine," said Rose, setting down her quill. "Really, it means you'll be less tired when it's time to actually play another team. And if you're out on the pitch every night, when is anyone else supposed to practice?"James gave her a look suggesting that that was precisely his point."Writing to Mum?" asked Lysander, leaning over Rose's shoulder. She hurriedly covered her half-written letter, feeling a blush rise in her cheeks."Yes," she said quickly, "so?"Lysander chuckled. "Sorry," he said, "didn't mean to pry. Can you ask if she has any more of those honeysuckle candies that she could send? Someone seems to have eaten all of mine."James chose this moment to dive back into his Potions book, his brow furrowing with intense concentration."I'll ask her," said Rose, returning to her letter. She hadn't wanted Lysander to see that she was writing to Aunt Luna about the novel she had gotten for her birthday. Rose didn't want to wait until returning home for Christmas to start the next in the series, but the Hogwarts library didn't have them in its fiction section.Louis slipped back through the portrait hole just as Rose was getting ready to go to bed. His face was flushed, but he was grinning happily."Happy birthday, Louis," said Rose, grabbing her bag from next to the chair. "Have a good night?""Saw Ari for a bit," he said, still grinning. "Got detention for being out too late, but it was worth it.""Good, then," said Rose. Louis always seemed to be in and out of detention. He seemed far happier than the previous year, which Rose knew was because of his return to the Quidditch team, but he seemed to be getting himself in just as much trouble.Rose set her bag down on her bed and began unpacking it. Tia was sitting on her bed, applying a deep purple cream to her hair. Across the room, Kara and Mary were speaking in furtive whispers, occasionally glancing over at Loren's bed before continuing their hissed conversation.A small brown owl swept through the open window next to Tia's bed and landed next to Rose's schoolbag. Its wings continued to beat frantically as Rose untied the letter from its legs."Someone sent you a hummingbird," laughed Tia, capping her tub of hair cream. "Who's it from?"Rose examined the handwriting on the front and grinned."Just my mum," she said, opening it quickly. The owl, rather than exiting through the window, hopped over to Rose's bedside table and promptly fell asleep.Rose,Congratulations on the start of a new year! We would love to stop in and catch up with you sometime if you're not too busy. We'll be in the area for the next month. Does October work for you?We have so much to tell you! Hope you haven't been too lost without us.GG"I guess the owl is staying here tonight?" said Tia wryly, eying the small creature with distrust."Apparently," said Rose, taking a fresh sheet of parchment from her bag. "I'll send it back first thing in the morning. Poor little guy seems tired."Loren sat up out of bed, causing a sudden stop to Mary and Kara's whispers."I think Payton's going to ask Professor Halberton to our first Hogsmeade weekend," she declared with an angry pout, then flopped back onto her pillow.Rose exchanged an amused look with Tia."I don't think that would do him much good," said Rose. "Professors aren't exactly allowed to fraternize with students. I'm sure everyone will have to make do with having her along as a chaperone.""I wouldn't be surprised if she stays behind," mused Kara. "I mean, even with her glamours, it's a bit distracting, no? They all know how gorgeous she is now anyway.""Not much she can do about it," said Rose neutrally. She had grown up with her Aunt Fleur, who, as a quarter-Veela, was stunning in her own right. Meeting Fleur's mother had been an intimidating experience, certainly; the older witch carried a grandiose air of both knowledge and power that did nothing to dim her undeniable beauty. Even the lines that had made their home on her face had only served to accentuate her natural features."They'll all learn to control themselves around beautiful women," said Tia, rolling her eyes, "and I'm sure we'll have plenty of chances to laugh at them along the way." Glancing to Rose, she added in an undertone, "Though if Halberton ever finds herself in need of an escort for the afternoon, you bet I'll be the first to volunteer."Rose gaped as Tia winked at her. It took her a moment to process her friends' words, and once she did, she flashed her a quick thumbs up and a nod. Seeing Rose's shock, Tia laughed and shook her head.As the girls settled into bed for the night, Rose uncorked her inkwell and scribbled a quick reply to the letter she had received.Gemma, Genna:So good to hear from you! How about October 13th? It's a Saturday, so I won't have to worry about classes. Albus might have Quidditch practice but I'll see if he can come. We can meet in the library.RoseRose ended up spending a good chunk of her free time in the library as September wore on. Adding two classes to her schedule meant more homework than she had been expecting. She often found Scorpius working on an assignment for one of his three additional courses and was once again satisfied with her decision to only add two. He seemed harried by the additions, and had confided to Rose that the Slytherin Quidditch team was training even harder this year because of Cameron's new limitations."I'm thrilled to be back, of course," he said with a yawn one afternoon, "but I think we could do with less practicing. We've only been here a month and I'm tuckered out."She found herself in the library once more on the first Tuesday of October. She still hadn't heard back from Aunt Luna, and not having something fun to read to get a break from her schoolwork was driving her mad. She had resigned herself to beginning another new series, fully aware that it would probably suck her in just like the previous one had. That was the danger of reading for fun.Ariana Burrow was sitting at one of the other tables, paging through a large, ancient-looking tome. She looked up and smiled at Rose, snapping the book closed. Both girls coughed as a small pile of dust sprung into the air."I forgot these old books do that," said Ariana, "sorry! I try to read the newer printings, but no one has reprinted this since the 1700s.""It's beautiful," said Rose, looking at the markings on the cover. "Runes?""Unfortunately," sighed Ariana. "Don't get me wrong, I think it's fascinating, but it's gotten a lot harder this year. I did well enough on my O.W.L. exam, but now that I'm at the N.E.W.T. level, it's beginning to stress me out."Rose moved her bag to Ariana's table and pulled out one of the chairs. "I just started this year," she said. "Professor Stramus is… interesting.""That's one way to put it!" laughed Ariana. "She's brilliant, but blunt.""I'm sure I'll get the hang of it soon enough," said Rose with a sigh. "It's mostly memorization, which I'm usually good at, but some of it's just so boring!""Oh, absolutely," said Ariana, tracing some of the runes on the cover of her book. "And I just can't concentrate on it tonight. Louis got himself thrown in detention. Again.""Again?" repeated Rose. "I thought he was done for now.""He blew up a platter during lunch," said Ariana. "He was trying to show his friends something, I don't remember what. It hardly matters.""I'm sorry," said Rose. "He can be a bit…thick, at times.""Oh, I know. It's so funny, everyone keeps apologizing to me, as though it's some huge tragedy." She smiled, and added, "Or that it's somehow my problem to be worried about, what'll happen if he doesn't get his behavior in check."Rose shrugged. "He's my cousin," she said."And my boyfriend," said Ariana pointedly, "not my puppy. If he piddles on someone's rug, it's not my fault. Or yours."Laughter came from behind Rose. She turned and saw Clare, the library assistant, trying to muffle her giggles from behind the counter. She tried to turn her laughter into a coughing fit and quickly busied herself with paperwork.

Professor Evariste stood before his class of third-years, waiting for them to settle in so that he could begin his lecture. Rose pulled her textbook out and propped her elbows upon it as Professor Evariste began to speak."I understand that it seems unlikely that you will routinely encounter Dark creatures in your day to day activities," he explained, "but you all have long lives ahead of you. In twenty years, the Ministry could remove some of the more stringent laws on magical creatures in areas such as Diagon Alley. Or perhaps after you finish your schooling here at Hogwarts, you might want to spend time traveling the world. You need to be prepared for unlikely situations. That's the most important thing to take away from this course."Well, not the most important," he said, frowning slightly. "There are lots of important things to learn, and it's foolish for me to say that the most important thing to remember is safety on a shopping spree."Two of the Slytherin girls laughed."Precisely," said Professor Evariste. "So, let's get started with Hinkypunks. I'm working on getting a few to bring in to class, but for these creatures, theory of defense will be enough to get started."The classroom door opened to reveal Clare, who was carrying a small stack of books. "Sorry," she said, closing the door behind her with her foot, "I was hoping to get these in before class got started. Don't mind me!"Professor Evariste nodded. "Right. Well. Hinkypunks, as I was saying, are magical spirits. They are— ah— they are usually relatively harmless, but— well—"His eyes kept darting back to Clare, who was laying out the books on his desk."Hinkypunks are magical spirits that try to lure travelers off their path," he said, finally gathering his thoughts and looking away from Clare. "Their magical energy serves to distract the minds of the witch or wizard they are confronting. They seem harmless, but depending on where you are traveling, they can be highly dangerous."Clare waved at Professor Evariste before slipping back out of the classroom. As the door closed, he waved back. The class laughed, including Rose. She had never seen her professor so out of sorts."As I was saying, you must always have your sense about you," he said firmly, sitting at his desk. "Right. So, if you will please take out your textbooks. There's an excellent illustration at the start of chapter nine that will have to do until I can bring the real thing in."Loren Nicosa nudged Rose and gave her a piece of folded parchment with Kara written on the front. Rolling her eyes, Rose handed it to Kara, who was sitting on her other side."As you can see, the Hinkypunk is a relatively small creature," said Professor Evariste, "but do not let its size fool you. They can be quite persuasive, and you won't even know you're being persuaded."Kara snorted with laughter, which she quickly attempted to disguise as a cough. Professor Evariste gave a lazy swish of his wand, and the note flew out of Kara's hands and straight into his own."I doubt this is relevant to today's lesson," he said calmly, glancing at the note. "Ah— keenly observant, ladies, but hardly the cleverness I expect in my class. A point from Gryffindor for each of you."Loren glowered, but Kara seemed to still be amused by whatever her friend had written."Actually," said Professor Evariste with a grin, "this seems to be the perfect moment for a demonstration. Kara, how kind of you to volunteer. Close your books, class, you will review the illustrations for our next lesson. Kara, if you would join me?"After a long moment in which the class stared at her, Kara groaned and went to the head of the class where Professor Evariste stood."Right!" he said. "Kara, for the purposes of this exercise, I'm going to charm you. I'll perform the counter-charm once the example is complete. Understood?"Kara nodded, now looking rather nervous.Professor Evariste pointed his wand at Kara, gave a small swish, and said, "Confundo."Kara blinked rapidly, then looked around the room in confusion. "I'm sorry," she stammered, "what were you saying?""We were just discussing your decision to cut your hair," said Professor Evariste easily. "You told me you wanted it up by your ears, like when you were younger.""Oh!" said Kara, her brow furrowed. "I see.""Don't you remember?" pressed Professor Evariste."Of course I do," snapped Kara, "I'm not thick."It seemed to occur to her at that moment that she was speaking to a professor. Her eyes went wide and her mouth formed a small O."I would never say you were," said Professor Evariste kindly. "I think that short, blue hair will look lovely on you.""Thank you," said Kara meekly, "I— I do as well."Loren could not contain herself any longer and burst out laughing."Kara!" she cried, getting her friend's attention. "You said you were finally going to talk to Callum Leach!"This caused an uproar from the Slytherin section where Callum sat. He sputtered awkwardly, swatting away his friends' hands as the jostled him.Professor Evariste sighed and waved his wand at Kara. She shook her head vigorously, then looked around once more. She no longer looked lost, just a bit confused and more than a bit put-out."I did not say that!" she exclaimed, "and I would never make my hair blue! That's atrocious!"The classroom was only getting noisier. Tia spun around to face Rose, giving her the incredulous yet amused expression that Rose knew well."We all seem to be missing the point!" cried Professor Evariste over the din, looking exasperated. "I was trying to show— Excuse me!"The class quieted."I was trying to show you how easily magic can interfere with the logical center of your brain," he said. "You will not always know when someone or something is interfering with your thoughts, which is why it is so important to be informed about any creature that can do just that."He shook his head, looking tired."Since you did not appreciate today's exercise, we'll return to the textbook. Please read chapter nine, taking specific notes on the physical traits of the Hinkeypunk that have been documented in Great Britain. If you'd rather work out of the book, then we can absolutely make that happen."This seemed to make Rose's classmates regret their teasing at once. Slowly, they all flipped open their textbooks to chapter nine and began to read.—The second Saturday of the month was upon Rose before she realized it. She ended up in the library an hour before she was supposed to meet the Gemini, but she had needed to turn in a few borrowed books anyway. She found the next book in the new mystery series she had started and tucked herself away at a table behind one of the stacks.She had just begun Chapter Three when the chairs across from her were pulled out. And there they were: two small witches (smaller than Rose herself, which was saying a lot) with short brown hair and dark emerald robes. They matched in all ways except that one was wearing a coil of red yarn around her thin wrist. Both grinned warmly at Rose."Rose," said Gemma warmly, "I feel like it's been ages.""Eons," correctly Genna."Did Clare see you two come in?" asked Rose nervously. She wasn't sure what the policy was for having visitors in the castle, but she always had the feeling that the Gemini weren't supposed to be wherever it was they were."Clare?""Blonde woman, the one at the front table.""No," said Gemma, "she didn't look up from her book.""Poor security," noted Genna. "Isn't this castle supposed to be some kind of fortress?""Hardly, sister.""But you're in your third year now!" exclaimed Genna, leaning forward on the table. "That's such an exciting time.""It's been interesting so far," admitted Rose. "I've started Arithmancy and Ancient Runes.""Runes!" cried Genna, clapping her hands with excitement. "Oh, that's excellent!""We took Ancient Runes as well," said Gemma, "but never Arithmancy.""Too many numbers.""We liked—"Both girls froze, then glanced at each other with slightly worried looks. Rose realized at that moment that neither of them had mentioned their time at school before now, and perhaps that had been on purpose."Did you two go to Hogwarts?" she asked, choosing to ignore the fact that they both presented themselves as children."Perhaps," said Genna lightly. "But more importantly, how are your friends?""Everyone's fine," sighed Rose, irritated with the vague response but somehow not surprised. "Albus and James are on the Quidditch team again. Scorpius is on the Slytherin team."Gemma and Genna both wrinkled their identical noses at this news."Quidditch," sighed Gemma. "Useless little sport.""Have you seen Muggle sports?" asked Genna. "True, they're not flying, but they also can't go on for three weeks at a time—""—in the sweltering heat—""—without being able to leave—""—because you need to translate for the hostages."The Gemini shared a weary look.Rose made a mental note to write to her father after the Gemini had left. He would certainly be able to tell her what game they were referencing, and perhaps it would help her get more information about the pair."Have you heard from Dmitri?" asked Gemma."Not yet," said Rose, frowning. "Maybe he just doesn't want to write to me. I'm sure he's busy at school, especially since he missed an entire year.""I'll see if we can fit Durmstrang into our itinerary," said Genna brusquely. "Busy or not, there's no use in you worrying about him.""Where are you going?" asked Rose."Everywhere," said the Gemini together."We do still have things to learn," said Gemma solemnly, as if Rose might have a difficult time believing that the twins' knowledge was lacking in any way. "There's no better way to learn than to travel.""We'll stop in and see how Dmitri's doing," said Genna."Think about what you want us to bring you back!""One of my uncles ended up traveling with the Riders over the summer," said Rose, "but he joined up with them after they had stopped at Durmstrang. He writes sometimes, but we can never reply because they move around so much.""He's still with them?" asked Genna curiously. "That's interesting.""Why?""It just is," she stated vaguely. "Did the woman heal after the dragon attacked her?""Maria made a full recovery," said Rose, "and apparently she only has a few small scars to show from it. The Healers did a wonderful job.""Excellent," said Gemma. "And your brother, he's at school now too, isn't he?""Hufflepuff," said Rose, "first year. He seems to be doing well. I don't see him as much as I thought I would.""And the little Potter girl," continued Gemma, "I hear that she was put in Slytherin.""Interesting choice.""Certainly.""It took the Sorting Hat forever to decide," said Rose, thinking how odd it was for the twins to be calling anyone else 'little'. It somehow did not seem odd, however, for the Gemini to have already heard about Lily's Sorting. "I started to think there was a problem."The Gemini exchanged a glance, then smiled at Rose."We'll keep an eye on her," said Genna. "And your brother, of course. So, tell us about your summer."They were able to relax at the corner table until it was time for Rose to go to dinner. She invited them to come along, but the Gemini declined."Probably wouldn't be prudent.""Certainly wouldn't be prudent.""But we'll stick around for a bit," said Gemma. "We could do with a library like this one before we start our trip."—The problem with being friends with both Lorcan and Lysander was that it was sometimes impossible to tell which one was actually getting sick. When Rose arrived in the Great Hall for lunch later that week, she found Lysander sitting at the long table with his head propped in his hands."Are you alright?" she asked, sitting across from him."Yeah," he grunted, "I'm just worried. It's making my head hurt.""Worried about Lorcan?" asked Rose, already knowing the answer. Lysander was perpetually in denial about having a physical connection to his twin. He said that there weren't proven cases of such connections existing, and even though he sometimes felt unwell when Lorcan did, Lysander claimed it was mere coincidence."He's back in his lessons with Trelawney," said Lysander.Lorcan had begun taking private lessons with Professor Trelawney, the Divination professor, during the previous year. Even at such a young age, he had begun to show signs of having a future as a Seer. He was eager to have private instruction in addition to his regular Divination classes, in which (as he had proudly informed Rose) he received perfect marks."Isn't that a good thing?" asked Rose, scooping mashed potatoes onto her plate. "He improved a lot last year."Lysander shrugged, his shoulders barely bobbing. "Ariana told me that he's been going back to the common room sick after each lesson this month," he said. "He's overworking himself.""He shouldn't be getting sick," said Rose, her brow furrowing. "Professor Trelawney shouldn't be working him so hard. Maybe you could talk to him?"Lysander just shrugged again.Albus and James joined them, both diving straight into the platters of food before them. Rose buttered a roll, then began filling her bowl with soup. She was famished and intended to eat a bit of everything."Headache again?" grunted James, jerking his chin at Lysander."Yeah," said Rose vaguely, "headache."She surveyed the rest of the hall. Hugo was with his normal group of friends at the Hufflepuff table. They had a small pile of wrapped items on the table. Hugo was in the middle of opening one, what looked to be a quill set.Albus followed her gaze to the Hufflepuff table."It's Hugo's birthday?" he said, his brow furrowing. "Why didn't you say anything?"Rose smiled. "He doesn't want us to celebrate until we go home for Christmas," she explained. "He said it's not the same without Mum and Dad. So I'm not allowed to get him anything yet, but it looks like his friends found out anyway."James swallowed a large chunk of bread, then pulled a folded piece of parchment out of his pocket."Rose," he said, holding it out for her to take. "Came this morning, you had already left. It's from your dad.""Thanks," said Rose, unfolding the letter eagerly.Rosie,I'm glad to hear that classes are going well. We're sending your brother some sweets at the end of the week, did you want some? I did some digging about the game you mentioned. There was an incident in Hungary about twenty years ago where some foreign dignitaries were taken hostage during the game. The players were told during a time out that they had to keep playing until the situation could be resolved so that no one would notice the folks missing. It did stretch on for over three weeks, like you mentioned. They had a few batches of backup players who cycled in and out to keep things exciting and keep those watching fully distracted. The hostage situation was resolved by a team from Switzerland, and most people don't know that it even happened. How did you hear about it?Your grandmum wants to start working on Christmas gifts, so you need to write her and let her know what color you'd like your jumper to be. Love,Dad"I don't want to go to Potions," complained Albus, refilling his glass with more pumpkin juice. "I still haven't gotten this one right, and if I blow up another cauldron, Mum's gonna kill me.""I'm sure your mum understands," said Rose, "and we have to go. You don't see me complaining about having boring old Arithmancy right after History of Magic, do you?""But you're good at both of them," said Albus stubbornly. "I'm sure you're good at Arithmancy, no matter what you keep saying."Rose didn't want to explain to him in front of everyone that contrary to what he chose to believe, she had found that she just wasn't talented at Arithmancy. She was trying to set aside more time to study for it, but it was always hard for her to focus because she just did not enjoy the material. It still seemed like so much nonsense to her."Either way, we're going to Potions," she said briskly. "We should head down early so you can review the instructions before it gets all hazy in there."Albus groaned but did not object. Rose spent much of the meal watching Lysander, who did not uncover his face for more than a few seconds at a time. He managed to eat some soup, but eventually just lay his head on the table and covered it with his arms."Maybe you should go to Madam Chang," suggested Rose softly. "She might have something for your head.""I'm fine," grunted Lysander."Alright, well I'm off to class then," said Rose, still watching him nervously. "I'll see you in the common room later."Albus made a sour face but rose from the table without objecting. He followed Rose sullenly into the Main Hall, where Scorpius was waiting for them."Ready to try this again?" asked Scorpius, his voice full of fake enthusiasm as he jostled Albus. "Perhaps today we can try a little less smoke, eh?""Bugger off," mumbled Albus sullenly. "I'm gonna go set up."He brushed past them without another word and disappeared down the steps to the dungeons."I was only partially joking," admitted Scorpius. "He really does need to stop blowing up our cauldron or Slughorn will give both of us low marks.""I know," said Rose with a sigh. "We've still got fifteen minutes. I wanted to drop my other books off in my room.""I'll come with you," offered Scorpius. "No need to sit with Albus and watch him stew until class starts. C'mon."Together they began making their way towards the Gryffindor common room."How's Lily doing?" asked Rose, knowing that she must be getting repetitive at this point. She asked about her cousin on a regular basis. If Scorpius minded, he did not let it show."She's great," he said with a shrug. "Honestly, she fits right in. There were a few people who thought it was funny- you know, the whole Potter being in Slytherin thing- but she shut them up. You know how she can be.""She can certainly stand up for herself," acknowledged Rose, "I know. I'm still worried, though.""You don't need to be," insisted Scorpius. "She has friends, she's not getting herself thrown into detention- she even does her homework, I've seen her studying. It's not like she's turning into some Dark witch after a month and a half in Slytherin.""I know that," said Rose defensively. She hadn't meant to imply that being in Slytherin would somehow corrupt Lily, even if that was what part of her was fearing.Scorpius waited outside the portrait of the Fat Lady while Rose ran inside to drop off her books. When Rose climbed back through the portrait hole, the Fat Lady was still loudly complaining about Scorpius' presence."And here she is now!" howled the portrait dramatically, "the girl who would let the whole school know how to enter our common room!""Sorry about that," Rose said to Scorpius, "she can be a bit defensive.""I'm getting them to change the password!" insisted the Fat Lady as Rose began to walk away, "and I'm not letting any suspicious blonde boys in, no matter what!"Scorpius chuckled and followed Rose back onto the set was typically stationary, but once they reached the fourth floor, the stairs began to move more frequently. As soon as they started towards the third floor, the staircase they were on broke away from the landing and began drifting towards the other side of the tower."Oh, really," huffed Rose, leaning against the railing. "Now's not the time."When the stairs reached the opposite wall, they turned and headed back towards the original landing. Rose tapped her nails impatiently against the railing, imagining what Professor Slughorn would say if they arrived late to class. She was prepared to step off as soon as the stairs reconnected with the landing, but instead they began to move downwards, leaving the fourth floor landing above her head.Rose huffed once more as the landing drew away. She hoped that the stairs would at least allow her to disembark on the third floor, but they bypassed that landing entirely and continued heading down. A group of first years leaned over the banister to watch Rose and Scorpius' descent, their mouths hanging open."Aren't we going to be late?" said Scorpius mildly as the stairs continued their painfully slow descent."Yes," snapped Rose, "we mostly likely will be due to these stupid bloody stairs!"Scorpius sat, keeping one hand loosely grabbing the base of the railing. He looked over the edge of the stairs, nodding slowly."You have to admit, you never really see the castle this way," he said. "The stairs usually move so quickly. It's kind of neat.""Not neat," said Rose sharply, "just incredibly inconvenient." Another thought hit her and she groaned. "Oh, Al is going to kill us if we don't show up.""It's not as if we planned to get stuck on the stairs," Scorpius pointed out. "Maybe it'll let us off on the first floor."As their luck would have it, the staircase only went down to nearly the second floor before pausing momentarily. Rose was calculating just how close she was to the next set of stairs and if she would be able to make the jump when the moving set began to rise back into the air. She nearly screamed with frustration and plopped down on the step next to Scorpius."I don't like being trapped places," she said quickly, not looking out over the edge of the steps. "I really don't like this at all.""We'll be fine," said Scorpius reassuringly. "The castle's just being a bit wonky. We can get off up on the fourth floor. I'm sure it's just heading back up there."Rose wanted to believe him, but she remained seated as the fourth floor came into view, and only gave it a passing glance as they rose past it. She only stood as the seventh floor came into view. The Gryffindor common room was around the next corner, so she couldn't see the Fat Lady, but she was hoping that there would be a student wandering the halls who could let Professor Slughorn know where they were.Scorpius laughed when Rose told her his idea."And how are they supposed to get down to the dungeons?" asked Scorpius. "There's the minor problem of the fourth floor not having a staircase at the moment."Rose sat once more, putting her head in her hands. Her heart was racing in her chest, and as much as she didn't like asking for help, she could feel herself beginning to panic."Can you talk about class or something?" she asked, pressing her fingers lightly into her eyelids."Runes is going well," said Scorpius immediately, "but that one's interesting, so it's not that hard. Arithmancy is alright but I'm not sure if I'm getting it or not. I know Al is loving Care of Magical Creatures, but it seemed a bit useless to me, if I'm being honest. I wanted something that would have a real world application, not just something fun to do at school. I have Quidditch for that."Rose grunted to show that she was listening."Quidditch is going well," he continued. "It's weird working with the new people on the team, but we're working hard, so it's not going to take much longer before we're all adjusted to each other. I think we'll do well this year, but everyone's worried about Hufflepuff's new players.""Gryffindor too," offered Rose quietly. "Al says they're good.""They're very good," agreed Scorpius, "and it's making everyone nervous, which I think is so funny because it's the first time I've heard anyone in my house worried about being beaten by Hufflepuff. Last year was a huge surprise to everyone, I guess."Rose listened to Scorpius talk about Quidditch for the next few minutes, focusing on her breathing and slowing down her heart. It had begun to beat frantically as soon as she had realized that she had no way to get off of the stairs and no idea when she would be able to do so. She hated panicking in front of people, but felt grateful to Scorpius for not asking questions when she needed him to distract her.It took her a moment to realize that they had finally stopped moving. She moved her hands and saw a group of students gathered on the third floor landing, all staring at her and Scorpius."Time for Potions," said Scorpius lightly, getting to his feet. "Let's go see if we can make it before Al blows himself up."Rose scrambled after Scorpius, ignoring the confused looks of the other students who had been waiting for the stairs to settle. She didn't feel the need to discuss what had just happened, and thankfully neither did Scorpius. He didn't speak again until they reached the Potions classroom and were facing more curious stares from their classmates."Sorry Professor," said Scorpius as Rose hurried to an empty seat. "The moving staircase wouldn't stop to let us off."Professor Slughorn gave Scorpius an incredulous look. "If it weren't you, I'd think you were lying," he said, shaking his head. "Alright, see if you can catch up with the others. We're working on the Bleaching Brew again, which is right in your books."Rose glanced at Albus, but he was so intensely concentrated on his cauldron, she doubted he had even noticed them enter the room. He was sharing a table with Tia, who was bent over the textbook, trying to read the instructions through the thin veil of smoke that flowed throughout the room.By the end of the class, Rose and Scorpius had made it to the second to last step of their potion. They didn't have enough time to let it sit on the low flames before adding the final ingredient, but Professor Slughorn noted that their cauldron was only emitting a few tendrils of grey smoke and decided that it would have most likely turned out properly."Let's not get stuck on anymore staircases, alright?" he said pointedly, marking off their progress on his parchment before moving on.Albus and Tia had also produced satisfactory results, to Albus' apparent glee. After class let out, he spent three minutes explaining what he had been doing wrong and how Tia had corrected him before stopping in his tracks, his mouth popping open."I almost forgot," he said, "where were you two?"
