Halloween Night, 1981There was a shadow lingering in the garden. Illuminated in a window were a mother and father playing with their children, twins who giggled as they clutched one another and crawled over the floor, content in their little bubble with each other and their parents. It was warm in that house, overflowing with love even against the hatred they knew to choke the world.The shadow in the garden shifted, stepping on a twig, and the man inside, James Potter, whirled around. "Lily," he whispered, his laugh dissipating into the air. "Lily, it's him.""Oh god," Lily breathed. "It is.""Take them," James said, hazel eyes wide with fear. "Take Harry and Calla and go. I'll hold him off!""James!" Lily cried, rushing to the hallway and the bottom of the stairs as a cloaked figure thumped on the door. "What about you?""I'll hold him off," James said simply, biting his lip. He'd left his wand in the kitchen, and so had Lily. "Go!""I love you," Lily sobbed, holding her children tight to her chest."I love you too," James said, tightening his jaw as his wife disappeared up the stairs and the door fell down.There was a flash of green light, and James Potter's life disappeared."Mummy loves you," Lily Potter murmured to her children, standing curiously in their crib. Her voice shook as she spoke, heart hammering. "Daddy loves you."The children simply blinked, the enormity of the situation lost on their young minds. The little girl and boy just wanted their father to hold them. "Be brave, Calla, Harry. Be brave for us."The nursery door was pushed in and Lily whirled around, desperate. "Not my children," Lily Potter said, staring into the eyes of Lord Voldemort. Her voice shook with both love and fear. "Don't touch my children.""Give me your children," he hissed. "And you needn't come to any harm.""You've already killed my husband," Lily said, tears pricking at her eyes. "You will not get near my children. Not Calla, and not Harry.""Very well," Lord Voldemort said, raising his wand with a cruel smile. "I will have what I came for. You will not stop me, silly girl." Lily Potter gritted her teeth as she stood before the crib, holding it tightly with white knuckles. The shadow did not care. "Avada Kedavra!"Lily Potter fell to the ground, one last thought in her mind: he would not harm her children."And now for you, boy," Voldemort hissed, staring at the small child in his crib, holding his sister's hand and sucking on his thumb, beginning to wail. "Avada Kedavra."This time, there was another flash of green light. Lord Voldemort fell to the ground, and the air swam with electricity and magic, dark magic, foul magic, smothering the two children. Calla began to cry and Harry held her hand tighter, his one year old mind confused by the two bodies laying on the floor. Why was his mummy sleeping, and who was this strange, pale man? Where was their daddy?A darkness swirled in the air, dancing around Harry and Calla like a galloping horse, before it seeped into Harry's open mouth, into Calla's salty tears.It was hours before anyone came to find them, a strange man with a hooked nose and greasy man, who definitely wasn't Uncle Moony or Padfoot, or Wormtail, or the funny old man with strange glasses who came over every once in a while. He barely spared the crying girl and the scared boy a second glance as he cradled the cold body of their mother while the children looked on in confusion.It took a while for the greasy haired man to leave, and as the sun rose on Godric's Hollow, another man burst into the nursery, one with wild hair and a familiar face. Calla and Harry were asleep now, but awoke at the sound of footsteps and looked up. "Moony," he kept saying. "Moony, where are you?"Little Calla reached out a hand to him, crying, and the man scooped her up, holding her brother, too. "It's alright," he said, but he was crying and shaking and that made them cry, too. "It's alright, Padfoot's got you. Uncle Moony will be here soon, it's all alright."But it wasn't all alright. They weren't out of the house when Padfoot handed them over, after heated and desperate words, to a very tall, slightly scary man who had a strangely gentle smile as he scooped them up in his ginormous arms, taking them away from this broken house.September 13th 1986Calla and Harry stood outside Number Four Privet Drive in school uniforms, hiding behind their cousin Dudley. Dudley was a large boy, appearing especially plump in front of his scrawny cousins. He had on very shiny school shoes and smart trousers, with a hat resting atop his blonde head of hair, and he was looking typically very smug about it all."Doesn't he look wonderful, Vernon?" Petunia Dursley cooed, smushing her son's fat red cheeks. "Our little Didykins is all grown up!"Calla frowned, looking around her with crossed arms. Uncle Remus had said that he would come around for her and Harry's first day of school. He was Calla's godfather, and although he wasn't allowed custody of either twin, Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon never seemed able to stop his visits.A car came to a stop behind them in the driveway and Calla turned around, jumping excitedly. "Uncle Remus!" she squealed, running to greet him. "You're late!""Calla!" Aunt Petunia scolded. "Don't make a scene like that," she said crossly, but Remus chuckled, kneeling down beside the twins."Are you excited for your first day of school, you two?" he asked, and they both nodded. "I loved school. That's where I was friends with your mummy and daddy."Aunt Petunia coughed. "As always, it is a pleasure to see you, Remus," she said, in a tone that indicated it was never a pleasure to see Remus Lupin. His shabby clothes and scarred face and tired eyes were never a welcome sight in Privet Drive, especially so considering he wasn't allowed to take the children the Dursleys never wanted, away. "But we can't have Dudley being late on his first day because of you and those two.""Of course," Remus said with a cold politeness. "Mind if I walk down there with you all?"Uncle Vernon looked like he would mind a lot, but Remus took the hands of both Calla and Harry, gesturing for the rather irritated looking Dursleys to follow them. Calla and Harry grinned at each other from each side of Remus.School was going to be more fun than Privet Drive. They promised themselves that, at least.December 25th 1990"Merry Christmas," Calla sighed as the clock ticked over to morning. The inside of her cupboard was full of spiderwebs and speckles of dirt."Merry Christmas, Calla," her brother sighed back, lifting a groggy hand over his eyes. "Do you want a spider as a present?""Better than a tissue from the Dursleys," Calla huffed, snuggling closer to her brother. The coldness of midwinter still crept into their bones and Calla shivered despite her closeness to Harry. "What time do you think Uncle Moony'll be round here?""I don't know," Harry said, shrugging. "Aunt Petunia said he was coming for tea. I'm not sure if she'll even let him come - he didn't last year."By the time the clock ticked forwards to five o'clock, Calla was getting anxious. She hadn't seen Uncle Moony in ages, but he'd said that he'd be there, he promised. She and Harry sat at the table, with the smallest and thinnest slices of turkey, gazing hungrily at Dudley's heaped plate. The doorbell rang and Calla jumped up like an excited puppy."Uncle Moony!" she squealed as Aunt Petunia opened the door, inviting in her godfather. She ran over quickly what they'd been told; they weren't to mention their cupboard or any punishments they had, and they weren't to worry him or to make a scene about anything."Merry Christmas, you two," Uncle Moony said, smiling with his wan face, as Calla went to hug him tightly. "Do you want to see what I've got you two and Dudley?"They both nodded excitedly, as Uncle Moony produced three wrapped presents. For Dudley, he gave a set of colouring pencils which were tossed aside without even so much as a thank you.Harry took a large book about history which he gawked at in excitement before engulfing Uncle Moony in a hug. As for Calla, she simply shrieked with excitement when she unwrapped her gift, a full set of the Famous Five novels by Enid Blyton. "Thank you, Uncle Moony!" she cried, jumping up and down with joy.He smiled at her tiredly, but wouldn't let her or Harry see that tiredness. He was all they had, really, of their parents' world and their friends. In another life perhaps he would have run from that responsibility, but as godfather he had a duty, and he wouldn't see these children sad, or without any connection to the Wizarding World, no matter what Albus Dumbledore had said. So he smiled and said, "I'm glad you like them. No doubt they will be great for your imagination."Petunia had glared at him at that, but he ignored her. He would have this day with his best friends' children, even if he could have no other.

August 1st 1991In the space of less than a month, Calla's life had been turned completely upside down. First, her bully of a cousin, Dudley, had been 'attacked' by a snake on his birthday and trapped in its enclosure (apparently, that was actually Harry's fault); second, she and her brother had began to receive letters in the post addressed to them, though they'd never been allowed to read them; and thirdly, last night on her birthday, a ridiculously tall man had knocked down the door of the tiny cabin their aunt and uncle had holed them all up in and told her and her brother that they were a witch and wizard.Altogether, it was quite overwhelming.She stirred from the ground by the sound of her brother talking to said ridiculously tall man, discussing owls and Hogwarts - the school she and Harry were supposed to be attending. "Morning, Calla!" Harry said brightly, beaming at her. "Hagrid says he's going to take us to Diagon Alley today to get our things for school!"Calla stared. She assumed Diagon Alley was a shopping centre or street, like Oxford Street in London, but she was a tad perplexed by how immediately accepting of their abilities he was. Not that she didn't want any excuse to get away from the Dursleys, but she had to admit she was sceptical about this man, even if he had more friendly bones in his - admittedly large - finger than the Dursleys had in all their bodies. "Okay.""You don't seem very excited," Harry said, laughing slightly, and frowning."Forgive me for being tired, brother dear," she teased, turning to Hagrid, who was watching this exchange with an affectionate smile. "What time are we leaving, sir?""Aye, ye can just call me Hagrid," Hagrid chuckled. "We can leave whenever ye want to."Exchanging a warm smile, the Potters replied in unison, "Now."Their journey to the place called Diagon Alley had been very odd to say the least. Hagrid had taken them off the island on the tiny boat they'd arrived on (she had no idea how the Dursleys would get off the island but wasn't sure she cared particularly much), propelled with his pink umbrella. "It'd be good of ye not to mention this to anyone at Hogwarts," Hagrid said awkwardly, gesturing to the umbrella. "I'm not strictly speaking s'posed to use magic, ye see."Calla wondered what sort of wizard wasn't supposed to use magic. She looked at him oddly, but Harry didn't seem to care, so she didn't mentioned it. Once off the boat Hagrid took them to London, where they all attempted to navigate the Tube. They got an awful lot of stares, mainly at Hagrid, who was exceptionally tall and couldn't quite fit through the barriers in the station."Hagrid," Calla had said on the Tube, "are you sure we can get everything we need in one place?" They had been given an awfully long list of supplies, which contained everything from cauldrons to wands to robes."Course ye can," Hagrid said cheerfully. "Ye just need to know where to look."Calla had thought, originally, that Diagon Alley would be a bit like the shopping streets of London, but she soon found out that this assumption was wrong. For starters, they had to go through a rather smokey pub to get to the street, and it was there that Calla had her first true - and rather intimidating - encounter with the rest of the Wizarding World and what they thought of her and her brother."The usual, Hagrid?" the bartender asked with a crooked smile, but Hagrid waved a dismissive hand."Can't today, Tom. I'm on official Hogwarts business. Gotta get Calla and Harry here their school supplies."A smothering hush descended over the pub, and Calla shifted awkwardly, fiddling with the edge of her ratty sleeves. Aunt Petunia had always insisted on her wearing lovely 'ladylike' clothes, and as a general rule, Calla had grown to hate the disgusting pastel flowers she was always clothed in, though she supposed it was an awful lot better than Dudley's awful old clothes that Harry was forced to wear. She decided right then that the second she could, she was going to get herself some new clothes. Ones that didn't make her look like someone's gran's curtains."Calla and Harry Potter?" someone asked, breaking the silence as Calla shrank behind Hagrid. "Can it really be?"All at once, to Calla's shock and confusion, people rushed towards them, shaking their hands and exclaiming about "How wonderful to have you both back!" and "Honoured to meet you both, Potters!" While Harry reluctantly shook hands, Calla shuddered behind Hagrid, hiding her face and her awful scar behind ebony hair and wishing they could just go now.She tugged on Hagrid's coat and her pleading green eyes must have persuaded him, for he cleared his throat and took Harry's hand. "Got a lot to do, these two," he said loudly, and wizards and witches nodded in hasty understanding. "We'll be off now."Calla smiled at Hagrid gratefully as he led them outside and she could breathe again, string up at the blue sky. Still, the place they were in didn't look like much of a shopping street, even if it was magical. She was about to speak up when Hagrid tapped the wall before them with his pink umbrella, which Calla thought made a rather unconventional wand, and the bricks began sliding out, revealing a cobbled street before them.Brightly painted storefronts lined the pavement, with signs proclaiming these shops 'Quality Quidditch Supplies' and 'Flourish and Blotts Booksellers'. Calla took a moment to take it in before she had to hurry along, struggling to keep up with her brother and Hagrid. "But Hagrid," Harry was saying, "how on Earth are we going to afford all this? The Dursleys won't pay for anything, you heard them.""What?" Hagrid chuckled. "Ye think yer parents didn't leave ye nothin'? Ye'll get yer money in Gringotts - Wizarding bank, run by goblins.""Goblins?" Calla echoed, though she didn't think she should be surprised. Witches, wizards, goblins? What else was new?"What are they like?" Harry pressed, eyes wide. "Are they magic too?""Course they are," Hagrid laughed. "But don't go letting them hear ye like that - proud creatures, goblins. Ye won't want to insult them, even by accident."Stepping inside the bank, Calla found her mouth falling into an 'o' shape. White marble made up the walls, and small, wrinkled creatures with hooked noses leaned over counters, faces fixed into seemingly permanent scowls. Harry and Calla were both taken aback by what they saw, but Hagrid strode on to a desk, seeming unfazed by what he saw. Then again, he'd probably been here a number of times, and goblins were unlikely to be a surprise to him."Calla and Harry Potter wish to access their vault," Hagrid said proudly, beaming at the dark haired twins.The goblin regarded them carefully, squinting with cold eyes. "And do Calla and Harry Potter have their key?""Oh," Hagrid said, stuffing hands into his pockets. "I'm sure I've got it around here somewhere - aha!"Producing a wrought iron key, Hagrid set it down on the table with a grin. "Very well," the goblin said in a snarl. "Right this way, please."Needless to say, the cart ride to the vault did not do wonders for Calla's stomach. By the time it came to a stop, she was ready to throw up, and almost fainted on the spot when she entered the vault. As Hagrid explained magical money to Harry, she scooped the golden coins, which would likely be the most valuable, into a little velvet pouch and eyed some of the jewellery which lay on the shelves around the room. There gleamed any number of rubies and sapphires and emerald and even diamonds, set into silver chains and ring bands, and Calla's eyes widened."Hagrid?" she called. "Is all this jewellery ours, too?""Everythin' in 'ere belongs to you two," Hagrid said with a nod. "Though I'm not so sure that aunt and uncle of yours would let ye keep any of it if you brought jewellery home."She supposed Hagrid was right, and with a sigh Calla dragged her gaze away from the jewellery, instead scooping up a few of the silver and bronze coins before she decided her money pouch was well full enough."Now," Hagrid was saying to the goblin, "I've got a letter here from Albus Dumbledore. About the You-Know-What in Vault Number 713."The goblin nodded, taking the letter and scanning it. "Of course."Calla was expecting something similar to their vault, full of glistening gold and silver and bronze and rubies, so it was with a vague sense of disappointment that she peered inside Vault 713 And saw nothing but a grubby old package wrapped in brown paper. Hagrid scooped it up instantly, and it's size was nothing in comparison to Hagrid's wide palms."Right now," Hagrid muttered as they broke back out into the sunlight. "I think I'll go to the Leaky Cauldron for a little pick me up. Don't like those Gringotts cars..."He showed them the way to Madam Malkins where they could get their robes and proceeded to the Leaky Cauldron for a 'pick me up'."Hogwarts, dears?" asked the witch in the shop. "I've got another young boy being fitted through here, come along."Passing through the shop, Calla caught sight of herself in a mirror. She hadn't brushed her hair since yesterday, and scowled at her messy curls. Still, at least they covered the scar at the side of her forehead. It was an S shape, like her brother's except curved, and Calla thought in some ways it was even worse than Harry's scar. At least he didn't feel pain every time he touched his scars."Cal!" Harry called, and Calla dragged herself out of her thoughts to follow him and the witch to where a pale, blond haired boy sat on a stool."Hogwarts?" the blond drawled, nose turned upwards slightly, as though there was something rotten underneath it."Yes," Harry said, and Calla nodded in agreement as a young witch started pinning robes around her, the long sleeves leaving an air around her wrists. Robes seemed rather ... unique, to say the least, but they were still far better than Aunt Petunia's handmedowns."Me too," the blond drawled. "My mother and father are next door looking at books, but I'm going to drag them off to look at brooms in Quality Quidditch Supplies later. I think it's ridiculous that first years aren't allowed their own brooms, don't you? I think I'll bully father into buying one for me anyway." Calla narrowed her eyes. The boy spoke a little like Dudley did, and she felt her lip curl in distaste. "Have you two got your own brooms?"They both shook their heads, Calla staring at the boy. "Play any Quidditch?" he asked, and Calla had to admit she had no idea what he was on about, making a mental note to find out what Quidditch was by the time they got to Hogwarts. "I think I'll try out for the house team. Father says it'll be a crime if I'm not picked." He paused for a moment, as though waiting for them to say something, before he asked, "Know what houses you'll be in yet?"Again, they shook their head. "No," Harry said, at the same time Calla asked, "What houses are there?"The blond boy frowned. "What do you mean what houses are there?" he asked, looking down his nose at her. "You're not a mudblood, are you, girl?"Calla recoiled at his tone, frowning, and Harry immediately snapped back at the boy. "Don't talk to her like that," he said. "She just asked a question. And what's a mudblood anyway?"The blond sneered, and Calla grew to like him even less with every passing second, a feat only the Dursleys had achieved before. "I assume neither of you are of Wizarding blood, then?"Before Calla could stop him from putting his foot in it - couldn't he think not to provoke this boy - Harry said, "We are actually, for your information."The blond laughed. "Oh, really? Prove it - what family are you from? I'm a Malfoy - you don't get much purer blood than that."At this, Calla had to hold back her own snarl. Purer blood? She hadn't expected wizards to be quite so rude as this boy appeared. "Potter," Harry said, glaring at Malfoy, whose eyes widened in sock, then realisation, then the horrified look of someone who'd just realisednhed made a terrible misjudgement. "I'm Harry, and this is my twin sister Calla, and no, we will not shake your hand."Calla snorted at the astonished look on Malfoy's face as the witch told them they could go now and they paid quickly, hurrying out before Malfoy could think of a comeback to that. The second they exited the store, they smacked into Hagrid, who looked like he was about to say something before he realised who it was. "Harry, Calla. You're out quick!"They simply nodded, and Hagrid took them to get some ice cream, seeming to notice their mildly distressed looks. As Harry and Calla bit into their ice creams, Harry asked, "What's Quidditch?""Blimey!" Hagrid cried, attracting a few stares. "I forgot how much you two don't know. Imagine not knowing about Quidditch." The twins exchanged a confused glance - Hagrid wasn't really helping.As Harry went on to explain what had happened in the robes shop with the Malfoy boy, with casual interjections from Calla, Calla watched the shoppers passing by outside the window of the ice cream parlour. She spotted the Malfoy boy hurrying past with two people who she was sure must have been his parents, as well as a whole horde of red haired boys and two witches who looked like their mother and sister, as well as a short girl with bushy hair carrying a stack of books, followed by two rather confused looking adults. There was also a blonde girl who skipped along with a younger looking girl in front of their parents, wearing a slightly wilting pointy hat, and a round faced boy clutching a toad, accompanied by a stern-looking, elderly witch."So, what are the Hogwarts houses then?" Harry asked finally, and Calla gave Hagrid her attention."Well, let's see, there's Gryffindor for a starters," Hagrid said, puffing out his chest. "That's the house yer parents were in. Brave and noble, Gryffindors, that's my house too." The way he spoke, it was like Gryffindor was the only way to go, and Calla admitted she'd like to be in the same house her parents had once been in. "Then there's Hufflepuff. Ever'one says Hufflepuff are a bunch of duffers, but they're good students. Trustworthy, nice. And Ravenclaw, that's where all the smart ones go, they value intelligence, individuality. And then, Slytherin. That's where that Malfoy boy'll end up, no doubt. There ain't a wizard or witch who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin."In that case, Calla thought, the Malfoy boy was sure to be a Slytherin. Then again, he'd seemed half decent until he started talking.After they were done with their ice creams, they set off exploring again. While Harry searched for their schoolbooks, Calla set off in search of a fiction section, hoping to find something like the Enid Blyton books she'd borrowed from the school library one day when her teacher let her go at lunchtime. It took half an hour before she gave up and resigned herself to finding out about the more exciting aspects of magic. She picked up books on Magizoology, Potions, Divination, and Ancient Runes, before also settling on a textbook about the First Wizarding War and You-Know-Who, figuring it might help her to better understand what she was.They also stopped for a short while in the apothecary and a few other shops, before finally going to get their wands. Calla didn't honestly think the wand shop was all that impressive. On the outside in shabby, peeling letters, read 'Ollivander Makers Of Fine Wands', and the interior didn't exactly compensate for its lack lustre appearance.Shelves were stacked high with slim, rather dusty boxes, each labelled with words Calla couldn't quite make out, even with her glasses. "Hello?" Harry said, his voice wavering. The twins jumped back in surprise when a rather eccentric old man appeared, smiling at them."Good afternoon," the man said, and Calla shivered. "Calla and Harry Potter. Yes, yes I wondered when I would be seeing you two. Both with Lily's eyes - why, it seemed like only yesterday she was here buying her first wand. Ah yes..." he trailed off, and Calla felt unnerved, instinctively pulling her hair farther over her scarred forehead. "And those would be the scars there, Harry, Calla. I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it."Calla's breath caught in her throat. To think that Voldemort, the man who'd murdered her parents and tried to do the same to her and her brother, had been here, perhaps stood in this very spot... She turned away from Ollivander's gaze, and clutched Harry's arm."Yes," Ollivander said brightly, seeming to have cleared his thoughts. He looked away from Hagrid - had they been speaking? Calla had no idea - and instead focused on Harry and Calla. "Now, as for your wands..."Half an hour and twenty seven wands later, Harry had finally found the wand which had apparently chosen him. "Holly and phoenix feather," Ollivander said, with a troubled gaze. "Curious."Calla blinked, exchanging confused looks with Harry, a practice that seemed to be becoming a trend. "What's curious, sir?" Calla asked, frowning.But Ollivander wasn't looking at Calla. "It's curious," he said, tilting his head, "that this wand should choose you, when it's brother was the one which gave you that scar." He pointed somewhat rudely at Harry's forehead and he gulped, Calla shifting in front of him."What do you mean?" she asked, glaring at Ollivander. "And it's rude to point."Ignoring her latter comment, Ollivander whispered, "The Phoenix that gave the feather in your wand gave another feather, just one other." He didn't say anything more, but Calla knew what he meant, and she felt Harry stiffen behind her."Okay," she said, frowning. "So? That doesn't mean anything, not really. What about my wand?"It Ollivander found this rude, he didn't show it, simply flouncing over to find another box from his shelves. "Give it a wave," he said simply, and Calla took the wand, moving to stand beside Harry once more.She was much easier to find a wand for, as it was on her fourth go that she found a wand with elder and unicorn hair. Ollivander looked troubled at this, but held his tongue, probably concerned about how to go about delivering whatever awful melancholy news he had to offer Calla."This wand," he said slowly, gesturing to the white stock of elder held in Calla's hand, "is powerful, young Miss Potter. I wonder if it is safe in the hands of one so tied to the Dark Lord...""It's perfectly safe with her," Harry said, glaring at Ollivander in much the same way as Calla had earlier. "She's a good person.""No, no, I don't doubt that," Ollivander said hastily. "But still, I wonder... There is a mark... Yes, I do wonder..."Calla decided to leave it at that, and the twins promptly offered to pay, before leaving the store, standing outside crossly with Hagrid. Twirling her wand in her hands, Calla stroked the top of it, the curving spiral of the handle that fit perfectly in her palm. But Ollivander's echoing words still chilled her, and she grasped her brother's hand tight.

September 1st 1991The drive to London had been awkward to say the least. Uncle Moony had joined them for the journey, eager to see Calla and Harry off to Hogwarts, perhaps less eager to see Dudley getting his pig's tail removed. He'd shown up at Privet Drive the day after Harry and Calla had gone to Diagon Alley, and though the Dursleys were originally disgusted by Uncle Moony being not only a wizard, but a werewolf too, their fear of him eventually won out and they let him inside to see the Potters.After he'd regaled Harry and Calla with several of his own Hogwarts stories, he'd decided to take them with him to King's Cross on September 1st, and the Dursleys were too afraid of him to disagree. He'd explained to them the Hogwarts houses, and informed Calla of all the rules of Quidditch, and both twins ended up firmly deciding that they wanted to be Gryffindors, definitely.And so, at a quarter past ten on September 1st, Remus Lupin stepped out of the Dursleys' well polished car with Harry and Calla on either side of him. "I'm sorry I could never have looked after you both when you were younger," he said, crouching so he was at their height. "I wasn't allowed to have custody of either of you because of my condition, but never doubt that I care for you both, and I have waited for this moment ever since you two were born. Your mother and father and I," he paused, as though thinking over his words. "Your mother and father and I, we always said we'd all see you two off together. I'm sorry they cannot be here today, but know that if they could see you now they would be so, so proud."Calla felt tears blossoming in her eyes and moved with Harry to hug Uncle Moony, but the moment was lost when Uncle Vernon coughed loudly, beady eyes glaring at the Potters and Uncle Moony."Yes, yes, this is all very sentimental," he huffed. "But we've got to get Dudley to his appointment, and we don't want to be waiting around on you three again."Uncle Moony smirked. "Ah, no problem, you Dursleys go on ahead. I'll just fly home."Aunt Petunia spluttered and Dudley's eyes widened in terror, hands going instinctively to fearfully clutch his bottom. Calla and Harry both held back laughs, as Uncle Vernon slammed the car door. "Get in, Petunia, Dudley. We can leave these ones to find their own way."With a final sneer, the Dursleys disappeared into the car and revved up, almost knocking Calla and Harry over as they pulled out of a parking space, zooming away from view."Now," Uncle Moony said, smiling. "What do you say we go and find Platform Nine and Three Quarters?""Yeah!" Calla and Harry said in unison, beaming as they hauled their cages containing their owls, Uncle Moony handling their trunks. After much deliberation in Diagon Alley, Calla had decided to get herself a tawny owl instead of a black cat, and she'd named it Moony after her uncle, a fact which brought tears to his eyes when she told him. As for Harry, he'd chosen a snowy white owl that he'd named Hedwig after reading a history book, the only textbook he'd bothered to pick up. Calla had tried for the last month to try and get him to read one of their textbooks - 'we want to at least know what we're getting ourselves into' - but Harry had only skimmed 'Hogwarts: A History' and 'The Standard Book Of Spells: Volume I' before giving up and taking out one of Calla's Enid Blytons.As they darted through the station, Calla passed the same red headed family she'd spotted in Diagon Alley when they went there with Hagrid, and offered a wave to the smallest boy, who looked faintly ill as his family bustled along. "Now," Uncle Moony said, standing between Platforms Nine and Ten, "getting onto the platform is simple. All you have to do is run at that wall between the platforms."They both stared at him. Had Calla's godfather finally gone bonkers? "Are you sure about that, Uncle Moony?" Calla asked slowly, frowning."Of course I am," Uncle Moony chuckled. "Go on, you can do it together, and I'll see you on the other side okay."He gave them both quick hugs and the twins exchanged nervous glances before resolving to take it at a run. Pushing their trolleys, and earning hoots of malcontentment from both their owls, they rushed towards the barrier and felt themselves enveloped in darkness for a moment, before they emerged onto a bustling train statuait platform. The train blew steam from its top and whistled loudly as the twins checked the time on the clock. It was quarter to eleven now, and they both wanted to make sure they could get a compartment on the train, so once Uncle Moony game through he helped them with their trunks onto the train and smiled, telling them to come see him for a proper goodbye once they'd found a compartment."This one looks empty?" Calla said, peeking into a compartment. "Come on, Harry, don't take all day.""Alright, Calla, alright," Harry laughed, as they stowed their trunks away and went to the open window, peering out across the platform."Uncle Moony!" Harry shouted, and Calla's godfather turned to them with a smile, waving as he came closer."I see you've found a compartment, then," he chuckled, looking up at them."Yeah," Calla said, giggling. "Uncle Moony, what do you think we should do if that blond boy from Diagon Alley comes in?""I said we should curse him," Harry said, smirking with a hint of malice."But I said I could just take his eye out with one of my colouring pencils."Uncle Moony snorted with laughter, before composing himself and smiling in affection. "If he's a prat, I'd do both," he said. "But try not to get detention on your first day, alright?""We'll do our best, Uncle Moony!" Calla giggled, giving a mock salute. The clock was ticking further now, and it was five to eleven.Uncle Moony must have noticed this, for his expression softened. "Now, before the train pulls away, do you remember what I told you two?""Be nice to your teachers," Calla said."Make sure you do your homework properly.""Work hard.""Don't get too many detentions.""Don't get into trouble.""And have fun!" they chorused together, earning a chuckle from Uncle Moony."Spot on, you two," he laughed. It was one minute to eleven, and the train's engines began to rumble slowly as Harry and Calla's eyes widened in delight."Don't miss us too badly!" Calla called, laughing."We promise to write every day!""And to be top of our classes!""We love you, Uncle Moony!" they shouted, as the clock struck eleven and the platform slowly, slowly, slipped out of view.The Potter twins reclined in the compartment for a short while, Calla doodling in the nearly full sketchbook Uncle Moony got her for last Christmas, Harry reading one of the Famous Five books he'd gotten Calla to temporarily part with. "What do you think Hogwarts will be like, Harry?" Calla asked, breaking the soft silence between them. "Do you think everyone will like us?""I dunno," Harry replied, putting his book down. "I hope so, except from that Malfoy boy. I didn't like him that much.""He looked like a narcissistic ferret on steroids," Calla said bluntly, and Harry choked with laughter."Well, you're not wrong," Harry laughed, propping his feet up beside his sister.Just then, there was a knock at the door, and a lanky, freckled, red haired boy poked his head around, frowning. "Do you mind if I sit with you two?"Calla glanced at Harry nervously, unsure about this boy, but Harry nodded with a grin. "Course you can.""Neat," the boy said, plopping himself down on the seat."Is this one of the boys that you saw in Diagon Alley, Cal?" Harry asked, regarding the ginger boy curiously. The tops of the boy's ears went red and his eyes widened as Calla nodded, but Harry hastily covered it up, sensing that he didn't want to talk about it. "So, are your family all wizards then?""Yeah," ginger said cagily. "Why, are you some sort of pure bloods?""Purebloods?" Harry asked, bewildered. "No. We, er... we were raised by muggles, if that's what you mean.""Oh," the boy said. "I'm Ron, by the way, Ron Weasley.""Harry Potter," Harry said, not noticing how Ron's eyes widened. "And this is my sister, Calla.""Are you really?" Ron asked, breathlessly. "Have you got the - the scars?"Personally, Calla didn't want to show her scar to this boy - they'd barely known each other five minutes, honestly - but Harry pushed his fringe back to reveal his lightning and Calla supposed she ought to do the same, shifting her hair to reveal the serpent like S by her hairline."Whoa," Ron said, and Calla supposed he must be seriously lacking in the sensitivity department as he proceeded to ask, "Do you remember what happened when, you know... he came by?"Harry seemed lost for a moment, and so Calla dove in. "No. And no offence to you, but even if he did, it's not the kind of thing we like to share, if you know what I mean." While this wasn't a total lie - both of them had had dreams of green light and high cackling voices - Calla meant what she said. This Ron boy seemed alright, but if he wanted to push into her and her brother's privacy, Calla was going to have issues."Oh." Ron looked down abashedly. "Sorry, I didn't mean to be rude.""It's okay," Harry said, neither twin knowing quite what to say. "So, how many brothers do you have?"Ron groaned. "Five, and a little sister. Bill's the oldest, he's a curse breaker for Gringotts - he was head boy, too - then there's Charlie, who was Quidditch Captain and now he works with dragons in Romania. They've both left Hogwarts now, but Percy's in fifth year, and he's a bit of a prat sometimes, especially now he's a prefect. Then Fred and George - they're twins like you two, except identical - and they're annoying most of the time. They play loads of pranks, but they're a laugh too. Then there's Ginny, my little sister. She's going to Hogwarts next year, but she still complains all the time about not getting to go. She's annoying, too.""What house were they all in?" Harry asked, and Calla rolled her eyes. One was a curse breaker and one worked with dragons, but sure Harry, go and ask about their houses."Gryffindor," Ron said with a touch of glowing pink pride. "That's where they all say I'll be, but I bet I wind up in Hufflepuff anyway," he added with a touch of gloom."I bet you won't be," Harry told Ron kindly. "Right, Calla?""Sure. You probably know lots of magic already, but anyway it's better Hufflepuff than Slytherin, right?""Suppose you're right," Ron said with a shrug.They passed a while in amicable conversation before Calla got bored of doodling and rare interjection into the boys' conversation, choosing to go explore the train instead. The corridor was fairly boring actually, and Calla was about to return to Harry and Ron when she saw a short bushy haired girl walking along, head buried in a book. As though sensing Calla's presence, the girl looked up in mild surprise."Hello!" the girl said, startling Calla. Her book hung from one hand by her side, and Calla caught the name of Roald Dahl."Hello," Calla said back timidly, green eyes wide with curiosity at the girl."I'm Hermione Granger," she introduced herself as, sticking out a hand. "And you are?""Calla Potter," Calla replied nervously, offering a shy smile as Hermione's jaw dropped."Are you really?" she asked breathlessly. "I've read about you, and your brother of course. Is he on the train too?""Um, yes?" Calla replied, shrinking in on herself a little."You both are in so many books. Is it true you were raised by muggles?" Calla nodded. "I was too, I'm a muggleborn, when we got the letter it was ever such a surprise, but my parents are very proud of me of course, it's all very exciting."Hermione kept talking and they ended up strolling together down the corridor, quiet conversation turning into a surprisingly loud discussion about 'Matilda'. "D'you want to sit with me and my brother?" Calla asked, surprising herself. "There's another boy there called Ron, too, he's from a wizard family and he knows loads about Hogwarts.""I'd love to!" Hermione said, a grin lighting up her face, and something told Calla she hadn't had anyone else to sit with.But when they reached the compartment, Calla was greeted by an unpleasant head of blond hair, and from the stuck up words and nasal voice, she knew precisely who it belonged to."Sod off, Malfoy," she heard Ron say, and she and Hermione gave each other joint looks of concern."What are you gonna do, blood traitor?" Malfoy hissed, As Hermione came up behind him, hands on hips."I hope you aren't fighting," she said bossily, and Calla saw Malfoy round on her with a snarl."Who are you?" he snarled."Hermione Granger," Hermione replied, tilting her chin up. "You?"The boy didn't reply to her question, simply sneering at her. "Granger. I don't know that name - mudblood, are you?""You take that back!" Ron said, leaping to his feet and pointing his wand at a quivering Malfoy's throat."And what are you going to do about it, Weasel?" He cast a glance over the boys, then at Calla and Hermione, sneering. "Come on, Crabbe, Goyle. Let's leave these three with the mudblood."With that, he swept away, two brutes following after him. "It's almost time to get ready," Hermione said. "Calla, we should probably get changed - you boys should, too."Hermione began walking away, as Harry and Ron stared at Calla blankly. "Who was that?" Harry asked, curiously."Hermione Granger," Calla replied with a smile. "She likes Roald Dahl."

September 1stWhen the train finally pulled into the station, the compartment was filled by Calla, Harry, Ron, Hermione, a round faced boy called Neville who had lost a toad, and was rather concerned about it, and a blonde haired girl called Daphne who Calla and Hermione had seen coming back from getting changed, and who after a short conversation, had joined them for the remainder of the journey.Stepping off of the train, Harry clutched Calla's hand tightly and squeezed it, grinning. "Are you nervous?" she whispered, green eyes wide."A little," Harry whispered back. "Actually, a lot.""So am I," Calla replied. "We'll be fine though, won't we?" After a moment's hesitation, she asked the question that had been bothering her for a while now, "What if we're in different houses?""So?" Harry shrugged. "Even if we don't have any classes, we're still twins, and we're still always going to be friends, right?"Calla nodded, and she found herself smiling. "Right. Come on, or we'll lose the others."Hastening down a path, they heard Hagrid shouting for the first years, and bounded up to him. "Hi, Hagrid!" Harry said cheerfully."Harry!" Hagrid cried. "And Calla! Ye two excited for your first day at Hogwarts?""Yeah!" Calla giggled, though nerves swam in the pits of her stomach. "Are you taking us there?"Hagrid nodded, smiling, before standing up straight. "Alrigh', we got everyone? Good. Let's get goin' then."The first years and Hagrid made their way down the hill to a lake, made dark by the night sky. Boats sat by the edges, and the students made their ways towards them. "Four to a boat," Hagrid instructed, just as the sox from the carriage made to enter one together.Harry and Calla exchanged glances of uncertainty. "We'll find another boat," Harry said. "If you four want to go together."Daphne and Hermione's eyes both widened. "I'm not going with toad boy," Daphne hissed, loud enough for Neville to hear. "But my friends have all gotten in boats already.""How about four go in one boat, two in another?" Hermione suggested, and she and Daphne both moved immediately closer to the twins, much to Ron's chagrin and Neville's confusion. Calla wanted to invite him to join them, but that could mean she'd have to be separated from Harry, and there was no way that was happening."I guess it's us four then," Harry said weakly, clearly just as uncomfortable as Calla felt. "Is that alright with you two?""Sure," Ron said, though he was still frowning. "We'll see you when we get there, anyway, won't we?"As Ron and Neville headed off, the remaining four clambered into a boat, sitting down comfortably. "I've read all about this in Hogwarts: A History," Hermione was saying. "Supposedly there's a giant squid underneath the lake, though we might not see it.""It's true," Daphne said casually. "My parents were both in Slytherin, and the dorm was below the lake, so they saw it now and then. They said it was nothing special, though."The three regarded her curiously. "Do you think you'll be in Slytherin, too, then?" Hermione asked. "Only I read that a lot of the time, families end up in the same houses.""I don't know," Daphne shrugged. "Probably. I think my parents would like it if I was in Slytherin, but they would be alright with Ravenclaw, too, I suppose. I can't imagine if I ended up in Hufflepuff or Gryffindor, they'd hate that.""But what house do you want to be in?" Harry asked, looking confused."I don't know," Daphne repeated. "Whatever my parents would be fine with. It'd be good if we were all in the same house though, wouldn't it, though you're Potters, so you probably won't be Slytherins, and Hermione's a muggleborn so I doubt she will be either. No offence.""None taken," Hermione muttered."What do you guys think you'll be in?" Daphne asked, clearly uncomfortable with all the attention on her."I'd like to be a Gryffindor," Hermione said. "But everyone says I'm smart, so I suppose I wouldn't mind Ravenclaw, either.""I don't mind, honestly," Calla said. "I'd like to be with Harry, though. Ravenclaw sounds good, but our parents were in Gryffindor, and so was Uncle Moony, so that'd be cool.""I'll probably end up in Hufflepuff," Harry said gloomily. "I'm not brave or smart or any of that.""You are so smart," Calla scoffed. "All the teachers said so. And you can become brave, too." Daphne and Hermione both nodded their agreement."I guess we'll just have to wait and see," Harry said, though he still had a rather dejected tone.The conversation silenced for a while before there were audible gasps and everyone looked up as Hogwarts finally came in to view."It's beautiful!" Calla cried. "Look, Harry!""There are seven stories in Hogwarts," Hermione told them, reciting as though she'd read it straight from a textbook. "And a dungeon, and there are one hundred and forty two staircases that connect them all. They move, too, apparently.""Whoa," they all breathed, eyes still wide at the sight before them.But they had barely any time to take in the Castle, as soon they were off the boats and being led up a staircase by Hagrid. Hagrid rapped twice on the door just as Ron and Neville crept back over to their friends.The door swung open to reveal an elderly looking with, with a stern gaze and a pointed hat. "Thank you, Hagrid," she said in a Scots accent. "I'll take them from here."She beckoned them in, and the new first years took their first steps into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Calla was taking in the view of mahogany wood panels, and the high rising ceiling, just barely aware of the professor, who'd introduced herself as McGonagall, talking about the Hogwarts houses.Calla was taken from her thoughts when McGonagall swept from the room and people started fidgeting, Neville fixing his cloak, which was currently fastened underneath his ear. "Do you know how we get sorted?" Harry was asking Ron, who shook his head."Fred - that's one of my brothers - was going on about how we had to wrestle a troll or something painful like that."Calla and Daphne both shuddered, while Hermione started listing all the spells she could think of to fight trolls. "I'm sure it's nothing so bad," Calla said, assuring a rather pale looking Daphne."Yeah, I-""Greengrass!" a voice shouted, and the girls turned around to see Malfoy with his two brutes, as well as two girls. "Aren't you going to join us?""I, et...""You're not spending time with that mudblood there, are you?" one of the girls cackled, and Calla saw Daphne and Hermione both shrink back on themselves. "Goodness, look at her hair.""And is that Calla Potter?" the other girl sneered. "You'd think she'd look a little more presentable than that.""Hey," Harry said, turning around. "Don't talk about my sister like that.""Or what, Potter?" Malfoy taunted, stepping closer to Harry.Great, Calla thought. They weren't even sorted yet and already they'd made enemies, and by the looks of it, Harry was about to get into a fight. "Leave it," Calla murmured. "Uncle Moony specifically told us not to get any detention on our first day."Honestly, Harry looked like he might have completely disregarded Calla's words had it not been for Professor McGonagall opening the door, and beckoning the first years inside. "We are ready to receive you now," she said, a steely glint in her eyes.Making their way down the aisle between tables, Calla and Harry clutched each other tightly, looking around uneasily. There were a few faces that Calla vaguely recognised from passing on the platform and the train, but apart from that she and her brother were both quite lost in the sea of people, and used one another as their anchors.Hermione was talking about the enchanted ceiling to Daphne, who still looked torn between them and Malfoy's troop, while Ron and Neville shared their anxieties over what they'd actually have to do.Just as Calla felt she might faint from nerves, a hat was placed on a stool in front of them, and everyone watched in amazement as it opened its brim and began to sing."Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,"But don't judge on what you see,"I'll eat myself if you can find"A smarter hat than me."You can keep your bowlers black,"Your top hats sleek and tall,"For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat"And I can cap them all."There's nothing hidden in your head"The Sorting Hat can't see,"So try me on and I will tell you"Where you ought to be."You might belong in Gryffindor,"Where dwell the brave at heart,"Their daring, nerve, and chivalry"Set Gryffindors apart;"You might belong in Hufflepuff,"Where they are just and loyal,"Those patient Hufflepuffis are true"And unafraid of toil;"Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,"If you've a ready mind,"Where those of wit and learning,"Will always find their kind;"Or perhaps in Slytherin"You'll make your real friends,"Those cunning folk use any means"To achieve their ends."So put me on! Don't be afraid!"And don't get in a flap!"You're in safe hands (though I have none)"For I'm a Thinking Cap!"As the song ended, the Great Hall burst into applause and Calla and Harry glanced at each other in a mix of amusement and confusion."I'll kill Fred," Ron was growling. "He said we'd have to wrestle a troll. But we just have to try on some old hat!"Personally, Calla thought this was a bit more than just 'some old hat', given that it had just sang a rather clever song for them all, but gave Ronald the benefit of the doubt.Professor McGonagall stepped up the the stool, and conjured a piece of parchment out of thin air, beginning to read off names."Abbott, Hannah," she called, and a short, ginger haired girl stepped up to try on the hat, which soon declared her as a Hufflepuff.Calla and Harry both watched on with amusement as the sorting progressed. Hermione was sorted, apparently to Harry's surprise, into Gryffindor, just a minute before Daphne made it into Ravenclaw, receiving boos from Malfoy. Harry stepped on his foot and he yelped, glaring at the Potters, but Calla simply cheered for her friend, despite how nervous she seemed. Not long after, Neville was made a Gryffindor, to everyone's shock, and the hat barely touched Malfoy's head before he was announced as a Slytherin.No surprise there, Calla thought to herself, then scolded herself. If Daphne's parents were in Slytherin, and Daphne was nice, then surely her parents couldn't be bad. Then again, the Dursleys were awful, but Calla liked to think she and Harry were at least half decent people.She was pulled out of musings by Harry, who nudged her. The entire hall was staring at her expectantly, and it was with flaming cheeks that she realised her name had already been called. "Sorry," she murmured, green eyes wide as she hurried to the stool.Harry flashed her a thumbs up just a second before she jammed the hat over her head."Ah," the hat said, startling Calla. "What have we here - a Potter! Yes, yes, I remember your parents, two fine, fine Gryffindors. But what about you?"Calla kept silent, quite frankly terrified of speaking."Hmm, there's a lot of loyalty here. You would defend your brother no matter what, though there are few you would really trust. And there's a resourcefulness, and ambition about you. You could be great in Slytherin, you know. Powerful." For a moment, Calla imagines going back to Privet Drive and telling the Dursleys that she and Harry were ultra powerful and could turn them all into slugs. She giggled at the whimsy of the thought, and the hat chuckled. "No, perhaps not Hufflepuff, then. And you lack the cunning of a Slytherin."Harry wouldn't want to be in Slytherin, Calla thought to herself, and the hat seemed to hear her."Not Slytherin, then? Well, moving on. I see bravery here, you would do anything for your brother, and there's a need for justice within you, that won't be easily satiated. Hmmm... and Ravenclaw? Yes, yes, ticking all those boxes, too. Creative mind, you like to draw, don't you, and write, too? You certainly have the mind of a Ravenclaw, and there's a uniqueness about your thoughts that would be well placed in Ravenclaw. But still..."The hat sat quiet for many seconds, and a sense of dread crept up within Calla. What if this was the hat telling her that this was all a mistake, that she should get the Hogwarts Express right back to Privet Drive without her brother. Just as she felt she was about to throw up, probably on McGonagall's shoes knowing her luck, the hat spoke."Well?" It demanded. "What will it be: Gryffindor or Ravenclaw?"It's giving me a choice? Calla thought, surprised. On the one hand, Neville and Hermione were both in Gryffindor, as had been her parents and Uncle Moony, and Harry was likely to be Sorted there, too. But then she thought of Daphne, being booed as she went to Ravenclaw all alone, and felt a twinge of sympathy. She'd always have Harry, but Daphne didn't seem to have any Ravenclaw friends. She could always make some, though, and Calla so wanted to be with Harry... But he could make the choice, couldn't he? If he was given the choice between Gryffindor and Ravenclaw, he could choose to be with her in Ravenclaw.But what if he didn't? What if Calla was left all on her own with only Daphne, who might not even like her?"Hurry up, Potter!" a faraway voice shouted, and she breathed in sharply.There were so many what ifs, so many questions. This was not what Calla had been expecting - she was beginning to think that wrestling a troll would have been simpler."I don't know," she whispered."You don't know?" the hat cried, cackling. "This isn't the first time, believe me."As thoughts and questions swam in her head, Calla blurted out, "Ravenclaw!" and the hat repeated it, just before being snatched off of her head for Harry to have.She sprinted down the stairs, flashed Harry a quick, nervous smile, and flitted to the Ravenclaw table where Daphne had a seat empty. "You took a while," Daphne observed, and Calla nodded, attention fixed on Harry."I know."Her brother seemed to be having just as hard a time as her with the hat, and it was several minutes before the hat shouted, "Gryffindor!"Something in Calla's stomach sank as her brother went to join Hermione and Neville, though not without smiling and mouthing to her, 'Meet me after'She nodded, as Harry slipped into a seat and vanished from view, though people were still chanting and cheering for him.Calla didn't pay much attention to the rest of the Sorting, cheering half heartedly when Ron was put in Gryffindor. She and Daphne made idle chatter for a while before they were introduced to the other Ravenclaw first year girls, Padma Patil and Lisa Turpin. Padma's twin, Parvati, had been sorted into Gryffindor much like Harry had, and Lisa had grown up in the Muggle world, which Daphne found fascinating.Just as dessert was finishing up, someone tapped on Calla's shoulder and she turned around, frowning. "Harry!" she cried, turning a few heads. "Are you okay, everyone at the Gryffindor table's alright?""Everyone's great, Cal," Harry laughed, hugging his sister. "Percy - Ron's brother - says we have to go straight to the dorms after dinner, but I wanted to make sure you're okay." He glanced at the table. "Hi, Daphne.""Hey, Harry," she said quietly, not quite able to meet his gaze."I'm fine, Harry," Calla said, even though she wished she could be with her brother, at least Daphne had a friend. "This is Padma and Lisa, by the way, Padma's sister's in Gryffindor too."Harry greeted them with a short smile. "Are you going to write Uncle Moony tonight or tomorrow? Only Ron says it can take a while for post to get delivered at night.""I'll write him tomorrow, then," Calla decided. "I'm quite tired now anyway, but he'll want to know what houses we're in.""Sure thing," Harry said, grinning. "I think I have to go now, but I'll see you in the morning, hopefully we'll have some classes together. Love you!" he finished, hugging Calla once more."Love you, too, Harry," she said with a smile. "Now go, I don't want you getting lost."

September 2nd"Wake up, Calla!" a voice called. For a moment, Calla frowned in confusion as to where she was, but then it all clicked as she took in the blue and bronze decor."It's Hogwarts," she whispered, green eyes widening. "Daphne, it's Hogwarts.""I know, right!" the blonde girl squealed, spinning around on the tips of her toes. "We've got our first classes today, too, I hope we have Charms - my mum says that was her favourite subject at school, even though my dad liked Ancient Runes best - or Potions, it sounds really interesting.""I'm just excited to do Herbology," Padma said. "That was my parents' favourite subject."As the other girls continued discussing their parents' stories of Hogwarts, Calla turned away with a tight knot in her stomach, pulling out her robes and walking through to the bathroom. She'd always had her godfather to tell her and Harry stories, of course, and they knew exactly when Lily and James had first met, and when they had first become friends, and when they'd first kissed, and when they'd gotten married, and all their favourite subjects and people, but it was different from actually hearing it from them. It wasn't something she generally missed. She'd always had Harry, and Uncle Moony, and that was a good enough family for her, even if she still had to put up with the Dursleys, and even if Uncle Moony didn't see them all that often; but she still felt something missing as she listened to the hum of her dormmates talking about their parents.Remembering her pledge to write Uncle Moony in the morning, Calla quickly got washed and changed, letting Daphne into the bathroom before she walked over to her owl, Moony. Pulling out a piece of parchment and a quill, she began to compose a letter.Dear Uncle Moony, she wrote.I'm writing this to you from my house dormitory - Ravenclaw! I know it isn't Gryffindor, but all my dormmates are really nice, and hopefully Harry and I will still get to share a lot of classes. He's in Gryffindor, if he hasn't written you already - I'm going to remind him at breakfast, just in case.The train ride was fun, we met lots of new people. There's Ron Weasley, Neville Longbottom, and Hermione Granger, who are all in Gryffindor with Harry, and a nice girl called Daphne Greengrass who's in Ravenclaw like me. And Hermione likes Roald Dahl, too! I think we're all going to be very good friends.I have to go to breakfast now, and then I'll have classes, but I'll write you this evening too if you'd like to tell you how things are going.Lots of love,CallaRolling up the parchment and tying it to Moony's foot, Calla sent her owl away and turned back to her dormmates, who were now all fully clothed."Should we go down now?" Padma asked, and Calla nodded, following the other girls down to the Great Hall. Personally, she had no idea how they'd managed to remember the route, but she was very thankful for it.Finding four seats at the Ravenclaw table, the Padma, Lisa, and Daphne slipped into an easy sort of chatter while Calla thrummed her fingers anxiously on the table, watching the doors for Harry's entrance. She didn't have to wait long, thankfully, as not long after Hermione had come in waving to Calla and Daphne, Harry and Ron walked in, too. Both boys waved and grinned at Calla, Ron mouthing something that she couldn't quite make out."Your timetable, Miss Potter," Professor Flitwick said cheerily. Calla had found out last night that he was Ravenclaw's head of house and taught Charms, and was apparently very nice."Thank you, Professor," she said timidly, smiling shyly."And might I say," he added quietly, smiling at her. "I'm sure you'll be just as great a wizard as your parents were."He chirped back along the table to hand out timetables, and Calla smiled, nerves dissipating slightly at Flitwick's helpful words."Ugh," Daphne huffed. "We've got Double Potions with Hufflepuff first thing.""Is that bad?" Calla asked innocently, and Lisa's eyes widened."So you do speak!" she snorted, mousy brown hair falling over her shoulder. "We thought you'd gone mute on us or something."Not quite knowin what to say to that, Calla nodded shyly and turned back to Daphne. "Is Potions bad?""Well," Daphne said, thinking. "It's not that it's a bad subject so much as that the teacher isn't very nice. Professor Snape, he's head of Slytherin, and he's nice to them, but I doubt he'll like us very much. Still, at least we're not Gryffindors, right? He hates them.""Oh," was all Calla could think to say to that. She scanned her timetables, pleased to find that she shared Charms, Transfiguration, and History of Magic with Gryffindor, as well as Herbology with the Slytherins and Dfense Against the Dark Arts and Potions with Hufflepuff. Even if it wasn't all her classes, at least she had half of them with Harry.Finishing off a slice of toast, Calla stood up. "I'm going to see my brother," she whispered to Daphne. "D'you wanna come with me?""Sure," Daphne said, joining Calla. "But we should probably make it quick - I don't think Professor Snape would like it if we were late.""Harry!" Calla called, making her way over to her slightly startled looking brother. "Morning.""Hey, Cal," he replied, grinning. "How are you? Did you get an alright night of sleep?""Yeah," she replied, hesitating for a moment before slipping into the space between her brother and Ron. "The Ravenclaw dorms are so nice, and there's bookshelves all over the common rooms, I hope there's some kind of Wizarding fiction, though I don't know if they really have that. And the whole thing's decorated blue, and the beds are so much comfier than back at Privet Drive! How's Gryffindor?"She'd probably never said that much in one go in front of anyone but Harry before, and Calla bit her lip nervously as her gaze landed on the others. "Gryffindor's pretty much the same, except for colours. And I don't think we have as many bookshelves.""We do, actually," Hermione put in from further down the table. "It's just that most people don't-""Anyway," Ron said, groaning at Hermione. "What have you guys got first?""Double Potions," Daphne groaned. "Also, do you mind moving over a little? It's really awkward just standing here.""Oh," Ron said, blinking in surprise. "Sure, I guess."He shifted slightly closer to Calla so there was room for Daphne between him and another Gryffindor boy - Dean, Calla thought his name was. "What's wrong with Potions?" Harry inquired innocently."Apparently the Professor isn't very nice," Calla told him with a shrug. "I think it sounds interesting, though: a bit like cooking or chemistry.""Huh," Harry said. "We've got Herbology, then Transfiguration. You guys are in that class too, aren't you?"Calla nodded. "Have you met McGonagall yet? She's the teacher for that class.""She's Head Of Gryffindor," Ron said, and Calla was mildly disgusted to see that he had a full slice of toast in his mouth as he spoke. "Fred and George say she's nice, but pretty strict, so you don't want to get on her bad side.""Hopefully she'll like us, then. I've met Flitwick too, and he seems sweet.""Calla," Daphne said loudly. "We've gotta go, otherwise we'll be late for Potions.""Oh, right," Calla said sheepishly. "I'll see you two in Transfiguration, then. Enjoy Herbology."With a quick hug to Harry and a smile at Ron, Calla left the Great Hall with Daphne, heading to the dungeons for Potions.Outside the classroom stood a few Hufflepuff boys who looked over, caught sight of Calla, blew their eyes wide, and turned back to one another, whispering. She withered under their scrutinising gazes, wishing that Harry was here to distract her. As it happened, Daphne didn't seem to know how to react, hopping nervously from one foot to the other."Daphne!" a girl called, wearing a Hufflepuff tie, and both girls turned around."Susan!" Daphne called back. "How are you?""Lovely, thanks," Susan said. "Have you met Hannah? She's in Hufflepuff, like me.""Nice to meet you, Hannah," Daphne giggled."Hi," the other girl, Hannah, said. "And who are you?"Calla turned towards them nervously, very aware of the fact that she hadn't properly fixed her fringe today and the edge of her scar was likely still visible. "I'm Calla," she said shyly. "Nice to meet you?"Hannah stared, but Susan elbowed her in the side and smiled. "Nice to meet you, too, Calla? Are you two excited for Potions?""Ugh, no," Daphne groaned. "I bet Snape'll be a nightmare. I can't wait for Transfiguration, though. Did you know McGonagall's an animagus?"The Hufflepuffs both gasped, while Calla frowned, not knowing what an animagus was but still being too shy to ask.Their conversation went on like that for a few minutes before a hook nosed, greasy haired professor swept past them, opening the door. "Enter," he said with a sneering tone, and they went into the classroom, Calla making sure to stick close to Daphne.They took seats together, and Calla stared up at the Professor nervously, not knowing what to expect from his lesson yet. "There will be no foolish wand waving in this class," he sneered, and there was a rustle as students put away their wands. "I don't expect many of you to appreciate the fine art of potion making, but nevertheless..." His gaze lingered on every student for a moment, and Daphne tensed next to Calla. "I suppose for the select few, we had best get on with this lesson."He went through the class register, stopping when he got to Calla's name. "Calla Potter," he growled slowly, meeting her eyes. "It appears we have a celebrity in our midst, class." Instinctively, Calla reached out to grab Daphne's hand, wishing it was Harry. Perhaps Snape had been expecting a reaction, but no one so much as tittered. "Tell me, Potter, have you bothered to do any reading before coming here today, or will your very presence be enough to earn you Os in every class?""S-Sorry?" she asked, feeling a tad nauseous."Potter, tell me, where might I find a bezoar?"Combing through her memories of reading up over the holidays, Calla whispered, "A goat's stomach, sir?""Speak up, girl, for goodness' sake!" Snape snapped, and she jumped."A-a goat's stomach?" Calla repeated, feeling guilty for almost breaking Daphne's fingers off with her tense grip. "Sir.""I suppose you're not as dunderheaded as expected," Snape sneered. "Still, you could try to speak up once in a while? Or are you so arrogant that you expect everyone to take time working out what you're trying to say?"Calla didn't know quite what to say to that, and instead sank into her seat, wishing more than anything that the ground would just swallow her up right then and there. Hey, it was a magic school, wasn't it? It could happen."Potter, speak up this time: what would I get if I added infusion of wormwood to a powdered root of asphodel?"A potion, Calla wanted to spit out, but she held her tongue. "I don't know, sir," she said meekly. "I think it's some kind of poison.""Some kind of poison," Snape scoffed. "Clearly, some obnoxious scar doesn't make up for a lack of intelligence. Detention, Potter, for your inability to study before starting school."Now, Calla didn't exactly think this was fair, but she wasn't about to protest and land herself in even more trouble. Thankfully, one of the Hufflepuff boys protested for her."That's not fair!" he said in a pompous voice. "I couldn't think of an answer to either of those questions, at least she managed to remember one and a half!"Snape sneered - was he really wasting time on this instead of the actual lesson? "Name, boy?" he sneered."Zacharias Smith," the boy replied."Well, Mr Smith," Snape sneered. "You can join Miss Potter in detention tonight at seven o'clock. Don't be late. Now, if you would all be so polite as to stop wasting my time?"No one spoke, and he took this as a cue to continue the register before putting up a recipe on the board and instructing them to brew it.Calla scooted closer to Daphne so they could get to brewing, and she counted out the necessary ingredients. Personally, she thought that cutting the beets was far from the best way to get the juice out of them, but just as she was about to point this out to Daphne, she caught Professor Snape's eye and her resolve withered."Not awful," Snape commented as he strode past Padma and Lisa's cauldron. He came to a stop next to Calla and Daphne, and sneered down his horribly crooked nose. "Could you really do nothing to make this even slightly resemble the end result?" he asked, and some stupid part of Calla's mind decided to be 'brave'."I thought about crushing the beets first," she said, instantly regretting speaking as Snape fixed her with a cold glare. "To - to get more juice out.""Were you questioning the instruction?" Snape asked in a breathlessly cold voice."I-I'm sorry, sir. It was just a thought, I didn't do it because I - I didn't want anything to go wrong.""I see." With a wave of his wand, Snape cleared up the potion in Calla and Daphne's potion. "That's the end of the lesson. Miss Potter, detention tomorrow night and five points from Ravenclaw for questioning authority."Calla's mouth opened in protest, but it was fruitless to protest. Instead, with hot tears burning at her eyes, she picked up her bag and swept from the room, heading towards Transfiguration with Daphne.Tears were already beginning to spill down her cheeks when she crashed into someone coming the opposite direction, and almost cursed before she saw who it was. "Harry!" she said, breathing a sigh of relief."Call, are you alright?" her brother asked, green eyes wide with concern. "Why are you crying?" She noticed Ron eying Daphne suspiciously, but ignored it in favour of complaining to Harry."It's Snape. He's a total jerk, he gave me two detentions and took five points from Ravenclaw."Ron's mouth fell open in equal parts awe and astonishment. "What did you do?" he asked breathlessly."Nothing!" she protested. "He asked me about bezoars and asphodel, and then when I only knew where to find a bezoar he gave me a detention for not studying enough. And then, when he said our potion was bad, I said I'd thought about crushing the beets first to get out the juice better and he gave me another dention and took off points for 'questioning authority'."Harry's face filled with indignant rage, while Ron's eyes gained sympathy. "It's alright," Ron assured her. "Fred and George lost loads of points from Snape.""They probably deserved it, though," Daphne huffed, earning herself a glare from Ron. "What? Even I know about the Weasley twins' pranks. And you weren't there: Calla was the only person Snape asked anything, he really did single her out.""Write to Uncle Moony," Harry told her scowling. "He'll want to know.""I don't want to bother him!""He'll still want to know."True as that may have been, Calla still huffed. It probabaly was too trivial a schoolgirl matter to concern her godfather with, but she knew that if she didn't say anything, that Harry would write to Uncle Moony anyway."In you go, class," Professor McGonagall instructed. "You may choose your own seats."Calla hurried in and sat next to Harry, leaving Ron and Daphne to squabble behind them. "I guess Ron doesn't like Daphne much?" Calla asked quietly, making Harry laugh."He has a thing about 'purebloods', apparently. He'll come around though; she seems really nice.""She is," Calla replied, about to continue before Professor McGonagall cleared her throat.Calla had expected their teacher to speak to them, not to turn into a cat. She supposed that was probabaly what being an animagus meant, and Calla had to say, she was impressed. However, McGonagall then went on to say that what she'd just shown them was very complex magic and that they'd just be starting off by turning matchsticks into needles. Calla didn't think that was nearly as exciting as turning into a cat, but overall the lesson was still far, far better than Potions with Snape.The rest of the day passed in a blur of magic and joking, with casual interjections of Harry and Ron laughing over Quirrel's turban, which smelt of so much garlic they might as well have been swimming in the stuff.Half past six came around and Calla left the Ravenclaw common room to go to the dungeons, careful not to be late. Making her way downstairs, she bumped into two red haired boys, who she remembered to be the Weasley twins, carrying an old piece of parchment."Shit," the one with a slightly higher pitched voice said. "Didn't see you there. Calla, right?""Fred!" the other one - George - hissed. "Don't swear in front of the ickle firsty.""I've heard worse," Calla muttered."So, where are you off to, Potter?" George asked, smiling as he not so slyly hid the parchment behind his back."Detention," she huffed, folding her arms crossly. "With Snape."The twins let out low whistles. "Geez, what'd you do?" Fred asked."Set fire to a cauldron?""Give him shampoo?""Tell him he was a right greasy git?"Calla shook her head. "He asked me what I'd get if I added wormwood and asphodel together, and I said poison. Then I said I thought that crushing beets might release more juice than just cutting them, but he didn't like that so I've got detention tomorrow night, too.""Even for Snape, that's harsh," Fred said, frowning. "Want us to prank him for you? Ron and your brother were moaning about it all through dinner.""Thanks, but I'm okay," Calla said, not wanting to get into any further trouble. Uncle Moony had specifically said no detentions, too. "I have to get to detention now anyway.""We'll walk you," George offered. "Can't let a little firstie get lost in the dungeons now, can we?""Thanks," Calla said softly, the twins following her closely down to Snape's classroom."Have fun with the greaseball," Fred said with a wink, before he and George turned back down the corridor.Calla knocked timidly on the classroom door, and Smape drawled, "Enter," from within. Zacharias was already standing sullenly beside a cauldron, and Calla made a beeline towards him before Snape cut her off. "You two will be workin on different sides of the classroom, cleaning out cauldrons. There will be no talking and no magic involved. And Miss Potter?""Yes, sir?""Another five points off for being late to detention."Oh, she was so going to write Uncle Moony about this. Part of her hoped that he'd be able to slap Professor Snape right in his stupid hooked nose.Professor Snape glared as though he knew exactly what she'd been thinking, and Calla quickly looked away, turning her focus to her cauldrons. It was long work, and dreadfully dull, and so by the time that Snape dismisses them she was ready to collapse right then and there. Instead, she caught up with Zacharias outside, falling into step beside him."I - I didn't get to thank you," she said nervously. "For sticking up for me.""Oh." Zacharias blinked once. "It's no problem. He was being completely unfair to you, and nothing I said to him wasn't true - I doubt anyone else in our class had any idea about those questions.""Still," she said, "you didn't have to. It was decent of you.""Anytime," Zacharias grinned. "Hufflepuff Common room's this way." He jerked his head in the opposite direction to Ravenclaw Tower.""I'm the other way," Calla told him. "I'll see you tomorrow, then?""Have a nice night," Zacharias said, before giving her a mock salute and turning down the left hand corridor.It took Calla a little while to actually find her way to the Ravenclaw Tower, given the inconvenience that moving staircases caused. Whichever Hogwarts headmaster had thought of that would get a right kicking from her."Evening, Calla," Daphne greeted her as the green eyed girl collapsed onto her bed. "How was Snape?""He was Snape," Calla said, muffled into her pillow. There was a letter lying on her bedside table, and Moony stood proudly on the windowsill. "Did you bring this?" she asked the owl, who hooted. "Good girl." Handing Moony an owl treat, she opened the letter. Predictably, it was from her godfather.Dearest Calla, it read.I do hope that you're enjoying your classes, and that the girls in your dormitory are nice. I hope you don't feel too down about not being in Gryffindor. Your mother was very nearly sorted into Ravenclaw; I'm sure she and your father would both be very proud of you. I doubt the Dursleys will have bothered to write you, but apparently Dudley's surgery went perfectly and he is now tail free. Also, tell that brother of yours to tie letters properly to his owl - it was nearly falling off when Hedwig got to my house. Write me back soon about how your classes are going, and if you need anything, please let me know.Love,Uncle MoonyAfter a short time of consideration, Calla decided what to write back to Uncle Moony. It was late at night, but Moony seemed up to a long flight.To Uncle Moony, she wrote, dipping her quill in the ink pot.I'm enjoying most of my classes. We had Professor McGonagall for Transfiguration, and Harry and I share that class, as well as Defense Against the Dark Arts and Charms. I've got Herbology with Slytherin house tomorrow, and then Potions and History Of Magic with Hufflepuff.You might have noticed I said I'm enjoying 'most' of my classes. I like Transfiguration and Defense a lot, and Professor McGonagall is nice as long as you don't get on her bad side, just as Daphne said. However, Potions isn't so great.It's not the subject that bothers me, because I was quite excited for it - you know I enjoy chemistry and science at Muggle School. But I don't think Professor Snape likes me very much. He gave me two detentions today alone, and I've already lost ten points for Ravenclaw, and it's only the first day of term! I know you'll probably be disappointed in me for getting detention, but in my defense I think it was very unfair.See, when Professor Snape got to my name in the register, he kept going on about me being a 'celebrity' and that making me arrogant, which is ridiculous because Harry and I didn't even know about who we were until a month ago! Then he asked me where to find a bezoar, which I answered correctly, but then he asked me what I'd get if I mixed an infusion of wormwood with powdered root of asphodel, and I said poison, and then he gave me detention for not studying even though I did! And he told me to be louder, and I'm trying, but I barely even know these people and you know I don't like talking in front of people I don't know.Snape also gave detention to this Hufflepuff boy Zacharias Smith for sticking up for me, which was even more unfair! I have another detention tomorrow night too for 'questioning authority' because I thought that crushing beets to let out more juice in the potion might be a good idea, even though I didn't do it because I didn't want it to go wrong! Overall I'm quite annoyed, so I don't like Potions and neither does Harry, even though he doesn't have it until later on this week. Sorry for the rant, but I'm just back from a two hour detention with Snape and in a slight bad mood. Everything else about Hogwarts is wonderful, though, even if Professor Quirrel's turban does smell a bit garlicky. I'm sure Harry will also moan about Snape, possibly making the accusation that he's a secret vampire - though technically Ron Weasley thought of that first - but he'll be overdramatic, so I want you to know what actually happened.Also, Professor McGonagall is an animagus and she can turn into a cat - did you know that? I think it's really cool.Lots of love,Calla Potter"Can you take this to Uncle Moony for me?" she asked her owl, who hooted once as if to say, "Of course."Calla ties the letter securely to Moony's leg before the owl swooped away into the darkening sky."Don't know about you," Daphne said, sitting down on her bed. "But I really am exhausted. Night, all.""Night, Daphne," the girls chorused, sinking into their beds and dreams.Author's Note: Hi! Just want to first of thank everyone who's reading this, it means a lot that people are reading my work. Second of all, I want to say that as it is NaNoWriMo this month, I'm working on an original fiction project, and as such might not have very much time for this. Therefore, there might only be one update next month, but I will try to get something of this written for you guys. Thanks again, everyone! :)

September 5thOn Friday morning, an owl swooped down into Calla's soup and she shrieked before untying the letter that was around its leg.To Calla, it said.Was wondering if you and Harry would like to come to my hut for tea this afternoon after classes. Feel free to bring a friend with you.HagridCalla grinned and scrawled out a quick reply, smiling at the owl before sending it back on its way towards Hagrid."Daphne?" she asked, turning to her light haired friend, who was halfway through a bowl of cereal."Hm?" Daphne asked, eyes glued to the newspaper before her."You know Hagrid, the groundskeeper? He's invited Harry and me for tea this afternoon after class, and he says we can bring a friend with us if we want.""Doesn't he live in that hut by the edge of the forest?" Daphne asked, wrinkling her nose."Yeah," Calla said, frowning. "He's really nice."Daphne huffed. "Fine, then, if you like him. Might as well ask Granger too, you know she helped me out in Charms the other day and I don't think she has any friends yet.""Sure," Calla said. "We can ask her in Charms, then.""Have you seen this?" Padma asked Calla over the table. "You're in the Prophet.""The what?" Calla asked, glancing at Padma in confusion."Newspaper," Lisa said. "There's a whole bloody article about you and your brother. Apparently you two coming here is the best thing since the end of the war."Not wanting to dwell for too long on the spite in Lisa's voice, Calla leaned over to make out the upside down headline: 'The Potters Return to the Wizarding World'. "Gotta give them points for originality," Daphne said with a snort."What does it say?" Calla asked eagerly. While she'd initially not spoken much to the Ravenclaws in her year outside of Daphne, she was warming up to Padma after a week, even if Lisa was a bit of a pain."Just the usual," Padma said. "A bit about your defeat of You-Know-Who, a bit about how you grew up with muggles - I still don't believe that, it's the stupidest thing I've ever heard - and talking about yours and Harry's sortings.""Oh," Calla said, slightly disappointed. The Wizarding World really couldnt think of anything more interesting to say about them. "That's cool, I guess."After breakfast, the Ravenclaw students headed to the greenhouses for their Herbology class with Slytherin. It was the only class they shared with the snake house, but it didn't make it any less enjoyable for Calla."Right this way, right this way," Professor Sprout ordered, showing them inside. "Now, we're going to be potting some Bouncing Bulbs today. I've put you into groups of four." Professor Sprout read off groups from a list, and Calla and Daphne both groaned when they were told they were put with Draco Malfoy and Parkinson."Potter," Malfoy sneered, and Calla smiled weakly."Good morning," she whispered from behind black hair. Daphne had taught her a hair straightening charm from her mother the other day, and Calla had to admit she didn't mind it too much, though her curls were far shorter and she liked them better."Let's get going then, shall we?" Daphne said, but Parkinson clearly wasn't letting her get away with that."We're not working with you," she cackled. "Slytherin deserter."Daphne shrank back, as Calla stepped forward. "Don't be so rude to her, Parkinson," she said, and Parkinson snorted with derisive laughter."What are you gonna do, Potter?" she laughed. "I didn't even know you could speak. You know you have to speak to perform spells, right?"Calla's eyes widened and she felt bile rise in her throat. "Shut up," she whispered, hiding behind her hair."I hear you've already lost loads of points for your house, Potter," Malfoy said, sneering. "And I thought you and your brother were supposed to be good at magic."Calla didn't really know what to say to that, and instead turned her attention to her plantpot. "See, I told you, Draco," Parkinson laughed. "She's a total freak."All of a sudden the room began to grow rather hot, and Calla fussed with her collar. She was vaguely aware of Malfoy and Parkinson continuing to taunt her and Daphne feebly defending her as she leaned over her pot, clutching the table with grating nails. "Oi, Potter," Malfoy said. "You alright?"The sounds of laughter and chatter began to grow louder and mix together further, and Calla felt her pulse begin to quicken slightly. "No," she whispered, before turning around and promptly throwing up on Malfoy's shoes.Malfoy and Parkinson shrieked while Professor Sprout came over to see what all the fuss was about, moving quickly to make sure Calla was alright. "It's okay, dear," she said in a soothing voice. "I'll get you to Madam Pomfrey."Professor Sprout led Calla from the room and quickly found a Gryffindor prefect to take Calla up to the hospital wing while she attended to her class. Calla was only dimly aware of ginger hair - god, was that another one of Ron's brothers? - before she reached a bed in the hospital wing, lying down with a still racing pulse.In the end, she missed both Charms and History of Magic - Madam Pomfrey had ordered her to stay in the hospital wing until some colour came back to her cheeks - but was able to go with Daphne and Hermione down to Hagrid's hut, where she was told Harry and Ron would meet them.Apparently, Harry had wanted to come and see Calla immediately after Charms when he'd heard the news, but Madam Pomfrey had forbidden him from coming in until she thought Calla was ready, and he ended up ten minutes late to Snape's lesson, which the Potions Master hadn't taken kindly to at all, and he'd ended up taking a total of forty points from Harry and held him back at the end of the lesson.The three girls trooped down to Hagrid's hut, Calla still feeling a bit shaky after Herbology. She made a mental note to at least try and apologise to Malfoy for spewing on his shoes.Calla knocked on the door and stepped back. "Back, Fang, back!" Hagrid ordered from within, before opening the door to greet them. "Calla!" he greeted, enveloping the short girl in a hug. "And who's this you've brought with ye?""This is Daphne Greengrass and Hermione Granger," Calla said shyly, gesturing to her friends in turn. On the way down, Daphne had whispered to Calla that she thought Hermione had been delighted by the offer of hanging out with them, and neither girl had the heart to admit even to theirselves that they'd only really invited her because they thought she didn't have any other friends, which wasn't strictly speaking untrue. "Daphne's in Ravenclaw like me, and Hermione's a Gryffindor.""Nice to meet you, Mr Hagrid," Hermione said with a grin, sticking out her hand for Hagrid to shake."Just Hagrid, please," Hagrid chuckled, taking Hermione's small hand in one of his giant ones. "Come in, come in. I've got some rock cakes for you all. Is Harry gonna be down soon?""Professor Snape held him back after Potions because he came in late," Hermione told Hagrid matter-of-factly. "He wanted to visit Calla in the Hospital Wing, but Madam Pomfrey wouldn't let him.""Hospital Wing?" Hagrid asked, looking alarmed. "Gulpin' gargoyles, Calla, what've you been getting up to?""She threw up on Draco Malfoy's shoes," Daphne told him with relish. "It would been wonderful were we all not so worried about her."Hagrid seemed to be hiding a smile. "Well, I just hope you're feeling better now, Calla.""I am, thanks," she said, just as there was a knock at the door and Hagrid went to let in Harry and Ron."Calla!" Harry cried, rushing over to his sister. "Are you feeling better? What happened?""I heard you spewed all over Malfoy's shoes!" Ron added, earning himself a glare from pretty much every student in the room."Ronald, that's hardly the most important thing about this," Hermione said, and Ron groaned."What's she here for?" he moaned, slumping into a chair."I invited her," Calla told Ron pointedly. "She's my friend, and Daphne's. And to answer your questions, Harry, I'm feeling fine now, I just had a bit of a ... I don't know, I just felt off. Much better now, though, so you don't have to worry."Ron still didn't look too pleased with Hermione's presence, but he didn't mention it again as the conversation turned to their first week at Hogwarts, and a lot of complaining about Snape."Did I show you the letter Uncle Moony sent back?" Calla asked Harry, frowning as she fished around in her pockets. "He said something about Snape.""That's Professor Snape," Hagrid mumbled without much heart, probably still affronted about his treatment of the Potters."Ah, there it is," Calla said, pulling out the letter and holding it so everyone could read.Dear Calla,I'm glad you're enjoying most of your classes. McGonagall was my Transfiguration teacher, too, and believe me we were all just as in awe when she turned into a cat for our class. As for Professor Snape, I believe I may know why he doesn't particularly like you.You see, Snape was in the same year as us at Hogwarts. He was good friends with your mother before he, well, he went down a darker path. Because of this, he and your father never really got on and though it's all done and in the past now, I wouldn't put it past old Snivellus to hold a grudge like that against you and your brother. Try not to let it bother you, dear, but know that if he tries that again I will be having words with him and Dumbledore myself. Tell Harry that if he has any trouble with Snape, to let me know immediately. Love,Uncle MoonyPS: Does your friend Hermione Granger happen to have parents in the dental profession? Only I could have sworn I saw a dentist's with the name Granger on it the other day.Snivellus," Ron repeated in awe. "That's brilliant.""My parents are dentists!" Hermione cried, clapping her hands together in delight. "Can you tell him that in your next letter?"Both Ron and Daphne stared at Hermione. "What's a dentist again?" they asked, and Hermione's jaw dropped in disgust."What do you mean, what's a dentist?""Never mind that," Harry said. "What do you think he meant by Snape going down a darker path?""Dunno," Ron said with a shrug. "He's a Slytherin, so he was probably one of You-Know-Who's Death Eaters. All of them were.""Excuse me," Daphne sniffed, "but all of my family were in Slytherin, and not one of them was a Death Eater. We Greengrasses are more tolerant than them, and we certainly were not practitioners of dark magic."Ron looked down sheepishly, ruffling his ginger hair. "Sorry," he muttered. "But he probably was a Death Eater.""Now," Hagrid said, as though just remembering he could speak. "See here. Snape's no Death Eater, I don't want you five getting ideas about this.""But, Hagrid, what if""No," Hagrid said firmly. "You ought to be getting back up to the castle now anyway, off with you. And take some rock cakes, too."Calla hid a grimace as she took two rock cakes, thanked Hagrid for tea, and followed her brother and friends outside. Just before she left, she gave Hagrid a quick hug and skipped away, catching up with Harry.September 6thThe Ravenclaws had flying lessons with Hufflepuff on Saturday, and Calla was equal parts nervous and excited. On one hand, she couldn't wait to get on a broomstick like a 'traditional' witch from the movies and Halloween, but on the other hand she was almost certain she'd fall off and make an absolute fool of herself. Daphne had no such concerns, it seemed, having ridden on brooms multiple times in her life back home. The very idea of someone riding a broomstick would have probably made Aunt Petunia faint of shock.She and Daphne sat together on the lawn, waiting for the flying instructor to come outside. Daphne was braiding her hair - 'to keep it out my face when it's windy' - and offered to do Calla's, too, but she declined. So far she'd done an alright job of covering up that awful scar on her forehead, unlike Harry, and she was not about to reveal it now."Potter!" called Zacharias Smith from across the lawn, walking towards her and Daphne with his two friends in tow. "How are you? I heard you puked on Malfoy's shoes!""Does everybody know about that?" she groaned, burying her head in her hands."Pretty much, yeah," Zacharias chuckled. "I thought it was pretty wicked.""Well, clearly she doesn't want to talk about it, Smith," Daphne huffed, and Calla shot her a grateful smile. "Look anyways, there's Madam Hooch."According to Daphne's parents and Uncle Moony, Madam Hooch had been teaching for a number of years, and though she could be strict, like McGonagall, her main priority was the safety of the students she taught. She had short, spiky grey hair and a kind face, and Calla decided she liked her instantly, even if she wasn't sold on the safeness of flying.Madam Hooch laid down about twenty broomsticks and told everyone to get beside one. Daphne and Calla joined the scramble, finding brooms that weren't quite as dogeared as the rest."Now," Madam Hooch was saying. "Put your hand over your broom and shout 'Up!'!"As the word up chorused around the courtyard, Calla whispered it. The broom wriggled around on the grass, but didn't lift off the ground. "Up," she repeated more forcefully. Zacharias and Lisa had both managed to get their brooms in their hands already, and an ounce of frustration grew in Calla's chest. The broom was still on the ground, moving even less than it was earlier. She stomped her foot on the ground, as Daphne snickered."Calm down, Calla," her fair haired friend laughed. "See, just relax, and believe that the broom will come to you."Doing as Daphne said, Calla rolled her shoulders back and cleared her mind of her worries over the broom and safety hazards. "Up," she commanded once again, and was delighted when finally, the broom flew up into her hand. "Yes!" she whispered, grinning, as Daphne cheered quietly.The rest of the lesson passed in a fairly boring manner, and at the end Calla traipsed back into the Ravenclaw common room with the rest of her year mates. While she'd gotten to know Daphne, Padma, and Lisa fairly well, she hadn't spoken much to the Ravenclaw boys in first year, or the other three girls in her dormitory, and resolved to talk to them at some point soon. She was almost a week into the year, after all.The majority of students had gone to the library, so Ravenclaw Tower was empty but for the First Years and two prefects playing chess in a corner. "Oh, don't let's start that Charms essay," one fair haired boy - Calla thought it may have been Terry Boot - huffed, falling into a chair. "Come on, I've barely gotten to know any of you. Sit down."Calla and Daphne exchanged mildly bewildered looks, but shrugged and sat down in a circle with the others. "What's the point in this, Terry?" Sue Li huffed, tossing silky black hair over her shoulder."I want to get to know everyone," Terry replied with a shrug. "Seeing as we'll be seeing each other every day for seven years. Plus, we can get to know each other's strengths and weaknesses in school and work together so Ravenclaw gets more house points and better grades.""Actually," Mandy said, "it's more like five and a half years once we account for holidays.""Five and a half years, then," Terry sighed. "If you want to be pedantic about it. Look, I've got this book." He produced from his bag a rather beaten copy of 'The Hobbit'. He must have been muggleborn, then, Calla thought. Like Hermione was, like she was raised. "Whoever holds this book has to say their name, their favourite subject, the subject they find the most difficult, and three facts about them."Great, Calla thought. Having the attention focused on her was inevitable given the circumstances, but it was far from her heart's desire."I'll go first," Terry said, clutching his book tight. "My name's Terry Boot, my favourite subject is Charms, and my worst is definitely History of Magic." Everyone chuckled at that - Binns was far from the most enigmatic Hogwarts professor. "My favourite food is pizza, I have three younger sisters, and a goldfish named Henry. You go next."He shoved 'The Hobbit' in the face of a tanned boy with dark hair, who looked faintly bewildered. "Er, I'm Anthony Goldstein," he said in a quiet voice. "My favourite subject is Herbology, but I'm not very good at Defense Against the Dark Arts. My favourite colour is green, my mother is a botanist, and I have an older sister in Gryffindor." Looking how Calla felt - like he really did not want everyone's eyes focused on him - Anthony passed 'The Hobbit' to Mandy with a shy smile."I'm Mandy Brocklehurst," Mandy said, watery blue eyes glinting as she smiled. "My favourite subject is Potions, even though I hate Snape, I find it quite interesting. My worst subject is definitely Transfiguration, but I'm sure there will be a lot of oppurtunity to improve over the year and I'll be in the top of our class in no time." Calla saw Daphne quirk up an amused eyebrow at this, but didn't comment. "I'm very good at singing, I adore Gilderoy Lockhart's books, and my whole family have been in Ravenclaw for generations." Mandy held onto the book for a little while longer, before she handed it over to an amused looking Sue."Hi," she said, narrow brown eyes glimmering with excitement. "I'm Sue Li. I enjoy every subject, even though History of Magic is a bit dull sometimes. My worst subject is Potions, but it's still fun to try things out as long as Snape doesn't get too cross. My older cousin Angela is also in Ravenclaw, my favourite colour is blue, which is actually quite fitting for this house, and I want to be on the Quidditch Team next year."From a couple people away from Sue, a sandy haired boy giggled and both Sue and Mandy turned to glare at him, shutting him up."I'm Isobel McDougal," Isobel said, takin the book from Sue. "But you guys can call me Izzy. My favourite subject is either Transfiguration or Herbology, and my worst subject is Defense Against the Dark Arts. My parents are both accountants in the Muggle world, I have a brother who wants to be an accountant, too, and my owl is called Bellona after a Roman goddess of war."The book was then passed to the sandy haired boy who'd laughed at Sue's Quidditch aspirations. "My name's Michael Corner," he told them. "My favourite subject is Charms, but I'm good at all of them. My dad is an Auror, and my mum plays for the Holyhead Harpies. I'm also very good at Quidditch, and want to be a Chaser, like my mum."Now it was Sue's turn to giggle, out of part spite and part amusement at Michael's arrogance. Daphne outright said to Calla that she thought Michael was a prat, and Calla would have laughed if she hadn't been too caught up in the way everyone who'd already spoken was now looking at her.The book was passed to Lisa, who said her favourite subject was Charms and that her worst was Potions, and then told them that she wanted to be a Magizoologist, that her favourite animal was a unicorn, and she had two older brothers, one in Hufflepuff and one in Gryffindor. Then Padma told them that she liked Herbology and was bad at Charms, as well as that her twin sister was in Gryffindor, her parents were from India, and that she enjoyed dancing.The book got passed into Daphne's hands, and the blonde girl shook her hair out. "I'm Daphne Greengrass," she told them. "History of Magic is my favourite subject, my worst subject is Charms. I have a younger sister called Astoria, most of my family have been in Slytherin, and my favourite sweet is Chocolate Frogs."Then it was Calla's turn. Quite frankly, she wished the ground would swallow her up right then and there. "I-I'm Calla Potter," she said nervously."Yeah," snorted Michael Corner. "We know.""R-right," Calla said. "Well, um, I like Potions but not Snape, so I suppose Charms is my favourite subject. I'm not very good at flying, or at Defense Against the Dark Arts, and I'm not the best at Herbology either. Really, Charms is about the only subject I am good at." She laughed weakly, but she was the only one. Everyone else simply looked at her expectantly. "Right um, three facts about me." Why was it that every interesting thing about her suddenly left her mind? The only interesting thing about her was that she and her brother had sort of defeated Voldemort when they were babies, but everybody knew that anyway. "Um, I like drawing," she said nervously. "And my godfather was a wizard, too, he was in Gryffindor. And I have a twin brother called Harry, who's also a Gryffindor.""Gee, you have a brother called Harry who's in Gryffindor?" Michael asked sarcastically. "I never would have guessed it."Lisa and Isobel both cracked grins at that, and Calla looked down with flaming red cheeks. "Yeah," she mumbled, fiddling with the hem of her skirt."Do you remember what You-Know-Who looked like?" Michael blurted out, and Calla flinched slightly in surprise."Um, no," she mumbled, hunching her shoulders."Is it true you've got that S-shaped scar on your forehead?" Michael asked then, seemingly fascinated by the subject."Yeah," Calla muttered, instinctively drawing hair further over it."Can we see it?" Isobel asked, eyes lighting up in fascination."Umm..." Calla shifted uncomfortably on the floor, fiddling nervously with her clothes. "I don't really like to""Is it true you spewed on Malfoy's shoes in Herbology?" Sue asked, and Calla sighed in relief that the subject had been changed. She nodded, and everybody grinned. "Wicked!""Not really," she murmured. "It was a bit gross, and I didn't even get to see the look on Malfoy's face.""It was priceless," Daphne said, giggling. "I wish I could have had one of those cameras to show you a picture of it.""That reminds me," Calla said. "I still have to go an apologise to him about it.""Why?" Terry laughed. "He's an arse anyway.""She still puked up on his shoes though," Padma pointed out. "I know if someone was sick on my shoes, I'd be a bit annoyed about it. If you want, I'll go with you to apologise to him.""Me too," Daphne said. "It's almost time for dinner anyway, we should probably get freshened up and then head off, what do you all say?"There were nods of confirmation as the students dispersed to the two different dorms, the girls to the left and the boys to the right."I still don't think you need to apologise to that twat," Izzy was saying to Calla, giggling. "But if it helps you to sleep at night, so be it."The conversation turned to Quirrel's turban as the girls went down to the Great Hall, before Padma, Daphne, and Calla broke off and veered towards the Slytherin table where Draco Malfoy's blonde head sat."Er, Malfoy?" Calla asked timidly. Pansy Parkinson sneered at her from across the table, and Blaise Zabini watched on with faint amusement. Malfoy ignored her, so she tapped on his shoulder and he turned around, glaring."What do you want, Potter?" he asked with a sneer."I, er, I wanted to apologise... for being sick on your shoes yesterday. Believe me, it wasn't my intention.""You ruined his best shoes," Parkinson said pointedly, and Padma huffed."I-I know, and I'm sorry, Malfoy. I didn't even mean to be sick anywhere near you, or anyone for that matter." She tried for a weak smile, and it looked like Malfoy may have been about to reciprocate before Parkinson opened her big gob."What are you doing here, Greengrass?" the brunette sneered, and Daphne rolled her eyes."I'm supporting my friend," she replied, hands on hips."Are Mummy and Daddy still upset that you're not in Slytherin. From what I've heard, you've let down the Greengrass name."This was news to Calla, but Daphne's face went red and she clenched her fists. "Shut up, Parkinson," she growled. "You don't know anything about my family.""Don't I? We did grow up together, after all."Were it not for the simply thunderous expression on Daphne's face, Calla would have stepped in to defend her. As it were, Padma took them both by the arm and led them back to the Ravenclaw table. "Don't go getting into fights, Daphne," she hissed. "It's what Parkinson wants.""I suppose you're right," Daphne sighed, though her face was still red and her eyes watery with unused tears. "I just... I have to go get a book from the library. I'll see you two later, okay?"Before they had a chance to go after her, Daphne was gone, and Harry arrived with Ron and the Weasley twins in tow."How did your flying lesson go, Cal?" he asked as he noticed her."It was okay," she shrugged. "Took me a few tries before the broom responded to me, but it was fun once everything worked. Do you know when yours is yet?""Next Friday," Ron supplied, frowning. "With Slytherin.""Yikes," Padma laughed. "They're a nasty bunch, aren't they?""You're telling me," Ron laughed."We've got to go to the Gryffindor table now," Harry said. "But I want to hear everything about flying after dinner, okay?""You're on," Calla laughed, parting ways with her brother as she headed towards the Ravenclaw table, still debating trying to find Daphne.

October 31stCalla had tried to apologise to Malfoy, she really had. But no matter how many times she tried to speak to him and get forgiveness, she was either interrupted by a squealing Parkinson or a scowling Crabbe and Goyle, which was maddening by this point. As for Daphne, it seemed she really had gone to get a book from the library, as she never brought up the incident with Slytherins again.By the one it reached Halloween, Calla had managed to become friends with all the Ravenclaws in her year, even if she didn't open up much to them, and even if Michael Corner still annoyed her and Daphne to no end. Harry had managed to get himself into trouble numerous times, though thankfully Calla had managed to stop him from going to a nighttime duel that was a trap by Malfoy. She'd given up on apologising to the blond boy after that particular incident, and her and Daphne's near run in with a three headed dog caused by Parkinson and Malfoy pushing them onto a staircase which led to the third floor.Even though Professor Snape hadn't seemed to like her at first, he'd gradually began to accept and even respect her Potions skills, and as such she hadn't had quite as many unfair detentions or poor deductions. Unfortunately, Harry had taken even more of the burden into himself, and Calla had written numerous times to Uncle Moony complaining about it, though her godfather's social standing as a werewolf meant there was very little he could do about it.By the time Calla awoke on Halloween 1991, the teachers who had known her parents were already concerning themselves with her and Harry's welfare."Surely we ought to make sure they are okay," Professor McGonagall pointed out in a Heads meeting. "It is, after all, ten years to the day, and now that they know the true nature of their parents' deaths...""I must say, I think Miss Potter is likely to be even more upset if we thrust attention onto her on such a day," Professor Flitwick said. He'd been paying particular attention to his student, and during the run up to October 31st he hadn't noticed any major changes in her behaviour, besides from her and her friends' growing excitement about performing their first practical charm work. "Mr Potter, however, I do not know so well.""Is it possible," Snape drawled, as all eyes swivelled towards him, "that the Potters do not know the significance of this date? After all, they haven't shown any signs of being particularly upset recently, and I have seen no changes in Miss Potter's standard of Potions work.""Surely they must know," Professor Sprout said, furrowing her brow. "And even if they don't, better they hear from a teacher than some silly fourth year who thinks it's a good idea to ask about it.""I still stand that we should at least be a bit more sympathetic towards them today," McGonagall said, looking in particular at Severus. While she knew he had never gotten along with James Potter at school, he had not seemed to have gotten over their schoolboy rivalry when it came to the Potter boy's children. "If they feel upset, they should know that we are here for them to confide in, particularly Filius and I, as their heads of house.""I quite agree," Pomona said with an affirmative nod. "Filius?""If you think so," he said slowly in his high pitched voice. "However, I'd advise against drawing any unnecessary attention to Miss Potter, I doubt that would help matters.""That's that, then," Minerva said, smiling. "Now, go on, we've all got classes to prepare for.""It's Halloween!" Isobel squealed, leaping out of bed. "Guys, guys, wake up! It's bloody Halloween!""It might be Halloween," Padma groaned, "but it's also seven in the morning, and I'm too tired to be dealing with you."Isobel rolled her eyes. "Shut up, Patil," she scowled. "Come on, the quicker we get to class, the quicker we get to the Halloween feast!"This certainly woke Calla up. Uncle Moony had always said that Halloween feasts at school were amazing, and she couldn't wait to experience one of her own with Harry. "Can't you tell your owl to come through the Great Hall?" Lisa whined, gesturing to Moony, who was perched above her bed. "It's abnormal."Personally, Calla thought her owl was one of the least abnormal things about Hogwarts, but she just held back a sigh and took Moony on her arm, receiving the letter. It was from her godfather, as expected.Dear Calla,I hope this letter finds you well. As you know, that time is coming up soon, so I may not be able to contact you for a few days. Please don't be disheartened by any lack of communication.I'm glad to hear that you're making friends - Hermione and Daphne both sound lovely, and I'm sure you'll be able to become friends with the other Ravenclaws, even if some of them have been irritating so far. Believe me, I know the feeling: your father and a couple of our other friends irritated me beyond belief the first few months at Hogwarts, but eventually we became as close as brothers.As you know, it's Halloween. Because I know what McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout are like, they will more than likely be especially nice to you today. It's awful to have to tell you this via letter, and I'm kicking myself for not telling you and Harry face to face about it earlier, but today... Well, there's no easy way to say this, but Halloween ten years ago was the day that your parents died. Calla felt a lump rising in her throat, but continued reading with a bitten lip.I'm sure this has come as a bit of a shock, and I in no way would blame you if you're upset. I haven't been able to write to Harry yet, and he has kept up nowhere near as constant a correspondence as you have - you couldn't ask him about that, could you, I want to make sure he's okay myself - but when you see him could you talk this over with here? It would probably benefit you both.I'm glad you're enjoying flying eventually, and I will try to come to the Gryffindor versus Slytherin match next month seeing as Harry is the Seeker, but if I can't make it ensure that you cheer twice as loud in my name.Love,Uncle MoonyBlinking back tears, Calla put the letter aside. The other girls on the dorm eyed her nervously, as if anticipating a reaction, and Calla realised with a start that they all knew. Those of them who had grown up in the Wizarding World - which was all except Sue and Lisa - already knew the date her parents died. Heck, they probably knew more about that night than she or Harry could even remember.Feeling tears begin to spill over her cheeks, Calla snatched up her robes and hunched over her shoulders, shuffling her way into the bathroom and locking the door behind her. She leant against the wall for a moment, before collecting herself and pulling on her robes. Tears still spilled on her cheeks and she wiped them away, noticing a slight red puffiness. Thankfully, she'd put all of her books in her bag the night before and so she simply grabbed the bag and Uncle Moony's letter before leaving the dorm on her own and making her way to the Great Hall.On her way down she ran into Harry and Ron, who were being followed by Hermione, talking very loudly about their Charms work. "Cal!" Harry called, grinning. "Happy Halloween!" So, he clearly didn't know about the significance of today yet."Yeah," Calla mumbled, and Harry frowned. He gestured for Ron to go on, and after a moment of hesitation he did. Hermione threw Calla a concerned look, but she waved her off and with a masterfully stern 'we'll talk about this later' look, the frizzy haired Gryffindor went on her way."What's wrong, Cal?" he asked, the two of them in a small alcove. "Has something happened?""Oh, Harry," she said softly, leaning her head on her brother's shoulder. They hadn't been alone and close like this in a while - there was always either Ron or Daphne or Hermione with them - and Calla found for a moment that she did miss it. "No one's told you, have they?""Told me what?" Harry asked, perplexed."I - I got a letter from Uncle Moony. Basically... the night our parents died... it was Halloween.""Oh." Harry's concerned face fell into his own expression of sadness, and he looked down at his shoes. "I didn't... I didn't know...""I just found out this morning," Calla said, as Harry wrapped a comforting arm around her. "Everyone else knew. All the girls in my dorm, Padma and Daphne and Isobel and Mandy... I could tell, they were watching me, waiting for me to say something, waiting for me to react..."Harry didn't say anything, but his green eyes were wide with sorrow. "Oh, Calla," he whispered, and they wrapped arms around one another in a tight embrace. "Do you... do you ever wonder what they would have been like? If they hadn't, you know...""They would have been amazing," Calla sobbed. "That's what Uncle Moony always says. The best parents in the world. Dad would be so proud of you, youngest Quidditch player in a century. And Uncle Moony says that Mum's best subject was Potions, too, and that we've both got her exact eyes." She swallowed down a lump in her throat."They'd love you," Harry whispered. "You're one of the smartest in our year, and you're an amazing artist and Potion maker.""They'd love is both," Calla said affirmatively, drying her eyes. "And they'd be amazing parents. Wonderful.""They would have taken us to Diagon Alley and Dad would have taken us to the Quidditch shop and spent ages there!""And Mum would have taken forever looking over the potions and ingredients in the Apothecary, and choosing books out for us in Flourish and Blotts.""And ice cream!" Harry cracked a smile. "I think Dad would have liked chocolate chip ice cream.""Nuh uh," Calla said, giggling despite her tears. "He would see sense, strawberry's always the way to go."The pair suddenly laughed, and Harry held his sister close. "We'll be alright, won't we?" he asked, and Calla thought she heard an ounce of fear in his voice. "We're always going to be this close, right?""Of course we are, Harry," Calla laughed, ruffling his hair. "Come on, we've got Charms first and Daphne and I want to get the levitation charm before anyone else."Arms around one another's shoulders, the twins made their way into the Great Hall."What took you so long, Potter?" Lisa asked from across the Ravenclaw table, and Calla his her face, praying that she could conceal her anger at the girl. Why she sought to provoke Calla so was beyond her, but she still did it, and none of the others usually tried to stop it, apart from maybe Daphne."Was with my brother," Calla mumbled, hiding a glare in the Daily Prophet. Daphne had managed to convince her to subscribe last month, and she had to say, some of it was vaguely interesting. For instance, some band called the Weird Sisters had just released a new album, and it had been rated as eight broomsticks out of seven by the Prophet's music editor. Calla didn't know what was odder: the band's name, the fact that the Wizarding World rated music out of seven broomsticks, or that an eight broomstick rating was in a serious newspaper."Oh, of course," Lisa said, faking sympathy. "I heard all about today from Padma. It must truly be awful for you two."Not wanting to give Lisa the satisfaction of seeing her red-rimmed eyes, Calla buried her head further in the newspaper's pages."You okay?" Daphne whispered, laying a cool hand on Calla's wrist."I - I think so," Calla said, lip wobbling slightly. "I will be.""Good," Daphne said, smiling faintly. "Because I seriously need my Charms buddy for today."Calla giggled at that, and by the time she arrived at the Charms class with Daphne, she was in a much better mood that she had been before."Morning!" Hermione greeted them both cheerfully, though even she was eying Calla warily, as though she were a ticking time bomb about to explode. As if she would have the guts to stand up and say what she thought of something in front of everyone."Morning, Hermione," Calla said with a smile, and Daphne nodded at the girl. Despite Daphne's family's less extreme pure blood views from the rest of their society, there was still a clear divide between her and Hermione. One which, no matter how much Hermione helped Daphne in Charms, still extended to classwork. The two slightly unconventional Ravenclaws were as of yet, still Hermione's only real friends at Hogwarts, but the three of them were, for the most part, content with that."Are you excited for practical work?" Daphne asked, eyes glinting. She knew that would send Hermione off on an amusing ramble about the proper wand techniques she'd looked up, which would unknowingly give Daphne and Calla an advantage without having to do extra reading."Of course, I don't expect to be able to get it right the first time," Hermione was saying, "but I'm sure we'll all manage it eventually, even if it does take a bit of work first. My parents always said practice makes perfect: do they have that saying in the Wizarding World, too?"Daphne shrugged. "Kind of. It's more of a 'you will practice until you are perfect or Merlin save me!' but it means the same thing."Hermione frowned for a moment, before she caught sight of something. "Oh, Neville!" she called, waving to the round faced Gryffindor. "I've still got that Herbology book that you left in the common room last night! You know, you're lucky I found it, some people may have just taken it without a word.""Oh," Neville mumbled, taking the book shyly from Hermione's hands. "Thanks, Hermione.""My pleasure," she beamed. "Are you excited for today?"And she was off again: Halloween and Charms and magic, magic, magic! Honestly, Calla was just as excited as Hermione was, but she and Daphne just privately grinned at their friend."Hey, Cal," Harry said, and Calla startled for a moment. "Feeling better?"Calla nodded, smiling at her brother and Ron. "You?""Yeah," Harry replied, while Ron whispered something indecipherable to Daphne, which she appeared to find amusing. "Do you mind if we partner up today? Only I'll end up with Seamus otherwise, and he has a tendency to set things on fire.""Sorry, Harry," Calla laughed. "I've already made a pact with Daphne. But I promise, if Seamus sets you on fire, I'll do my best to put it out.""That's not even funny," Harry told her, though the corners of his mouth twitched up anyway."Good morning, class!" Professor Flitwick chirped, gesturing for them to enter the classroom and take their seats.After a quick introduction, they got to work levitating feathers. Much to her chagrin, Calla couldn't get it to move until at least five tries, but the floating feather was still the first in the class, and Flitwick beamed at her with delight."And look at that!" he exclaimed. "Miss Potter's dme it, absolutely splendid. Just shows that patience and perseverance can help to develop skill in just a short space of time! Ten points to Ravenclaw for your great effort and skill, Miss Potter!"Calla thought he was being a tad generous with his compliments, but either way she smiled softly at the praise, and Daphne grinned at her. The Greengrass girl had taken a break from her own feather to watch Calla's efforts, but now her attention had been diverted to Seamus who, as predicted, had set his feather on fire. Harry turned to glare at Calla, mouthing the words, "You'd have been a much better partner." She grinned back, sticking out her tongue."Stop, stop, stop!" Hermione shrieked at Ron, putting a hand out in front of his pale freckled face. "You're going to take someone's eye out, Ronald! And besides, you're saying it wrong! It's wingardium levi-oh-sa, not wingardium levio-sar!""You do it, then," Ron grumbled. "If you're so bloody clever.""Fine," Hermione said primly, before smiling and levitating her feather with ease."And Miss Granger's done it, too! Five points to Gryffindor for you, Miss Granger!"Hermione beamed and Calla shot her a thumbs up, while Ron slumped over his Charms textbook, sulking.Once the lesson was over, Calla and Hermione were the only ones who'd managed to levitate their feathers, though Calla assures Daphne and Harry that she'd seen both their feathers twitch."I swear," Ron said, stomping up to the trio. "That girl does my head in." He put on a quite simply awful imitation of Hermione's voice. "'It's wingardium levi-oh-sa, not wingardium levio-sar!' She's a nightmare, honestly! It's a wonder she's got any friends!""Ron!" Calla huffed indignantly, but the damage was done. Hermione had clearly heard, and she scurried out of the classroom, disappearing from view. "Look what you've done!""It's true," Ron muttered, crossing his arms. "Besides, it's alright for you, miss ten-points-to-Ravenclaw. How'd you do that anyway?"Calla shrugged. "Just kept trying, I suppose."Ron sighed, but before he could say anything, Professor Flitwick spoke. "Mr and Miss Potter?" he asked. "Could I have a quick word?""You two go on," Harry said to Ron and Daphne. "We'll catch you up in Transfiguration."The twins headed towards Flitwick's desk, and Calla felt a twist of nerves in her stomach. From the concern in his eyes and the sympathetic smile, it was clear he was going to inquire about their welfare given the situation."What is it you wanted to talk to us about, sir?" Harry asked, feigning curiosity, though Calla knew he already had a faint idea."I was, er, just wanting to make sure that you two were alright today," Flitwick squeaked. "I hope you don't mind, but I like to keep an eye on my students.""Er, thanks, Professor?" Harry said, biting back a giggle."And, Miss Potter," Flitwick added, turning away form Harry with a slightly pink face. "Congratulations on your work today. You're quite an exemplary Charms student, much like your mother."Something leapt in Calla's chest. Her mother was good at Charms, too? "Thanks, Professor," she said, beaming.There was a moment of awkward silence before Flitwick dismisses them. "Just tell Professor McGonagall you were with me, I'm sure she'll be fine about it, go on."Walking towards Transfiguration, Calla thought to bring up Hermione. "Do you think Ron really meant what he said earlier?" she asked, biting her lip."Probabaly," Harry said. Calla fixed him with a glare and he sighed. "I like her, Calla, I do, I'm not saying I don't. But Ron does find her a nightmare, and you have to admit, she can be a slight bit overbearing.""She's just excitable," Calla argued. "Besides, Ron really upset her. I'm going to try and find her after class. I don't want her to think I don't care.""I'll come with you, if you'd like," Harry offered, and Calla knew that was his form of apology."Thanks," Calla said. "How are you doing with your levitation, anyway? I really only saw Seamus' calamity. If you'd like, we could work on it together? It's quite fun, and I think with a bit of practice you could control how it moves, and that would be really cool! I meant to ask Hermione about that, actually - you know she's read about every book available on magic!""I'm not even surprised," Harry laughed. "And, sure. I didn't exactly do brilliant, so if you want to work on it-""Yes!" Calla cheered, grinning. "We'll start tomorrow!"Entering the Transfiguration, Calla and Harry excused themselves and took seats, vanquishing their thoughts of Hermione's plight."Come on, Potter!" Lisa called across the classroom, smirking. Once again, Quirrell was an absolute failure of a teacher, and neither the Slytherins nor Ravenclaws were learning anything in class. "You're good at this whole defense stuff, why don't you show off for us?"Calla looked away, cheeks flaming. Quirrell was stuttering, trying to regain some fragment of order over his class, but between Lisa's taunts and Parkinson's jeers, there wasn't much he could do. Anthony Goldstein and Padma were sending paper aeroplanes flying towards one another, under a mockery of the levitation charm. Daphne scowled at Lisa, and whispered, "Don't listen to her. She's not the best Charms student in our year.""Neither am I," Calla whispered back, cheeks pink. "It was only one spell, and it was Hermione's first try that she got it on anyway.""You still got it first, though," Daphne pointed out. "With patience and perseverance.""Oi, Calla?" Padma said, leaning over the back of her chair. "You couldn't help me out with that charm, could you? I'm rubbish at it.""Of course," Calla said, smiling. "What bit are you struggling with?"While they worked through the motions and incantations of the Levitation Charm, Calla could block out the rest of the classroom and focus on her thrown together attempt at teaching, which was still better than what Guirrell was doing. Her 'students' now included Daphne, Padma, Terry, and Anthony, and with the exception of Terry, they were all managing to get their feathers to levitate.As it was a double, it began to drag on a bit and once they'd all managed to levitate their feathers they turned to other conversations. When it finally turned to the subject of the Halloween feast, and Terry and Anthony started discussing trick or treating and dress up in the Muggle world, Calla tunes out. The Dursleys had never allowed her and Harry to go trick or treating or dressing up, and Uncle Moony never seemed available on Halloween night. They'd never understood why, but now Calla supposed it made a bit of sense."Potter!" snapped a voice, which broke Calla out of her thoughts. Pansy Parkinson stood above her, sneering. "Is it true you were the first to levitate your feather in Charms?"Confused, Calla nodded slowly. "Yeah.""That's really cool." Her voice was far from sincere, and Calla wrapped her arms tighter around herself. "Do you think your parents would have been proud?" And there it was; Parkinson's natural charm. "Oh, that's right, you don't know them.""Leave it, Parkinson," Padma hissed, glaring at the black haired girl. "Go back to your snake friends.""Oh, I don't think I will," Parkinson laughed. "I'm just having a nice chat with my friend Calla, here. Isn't that right, Calla?"Calla slipped lower into her chair, gripping her wand tightly. "Leave me alone," she said, trying to sound brave though it came out as more of a whimper."What's that, Potter? You know, I can't imagine how it must feel to know that you'll never get to meet your parents. It must be awful, isn't it?"Calla felt her head pound, and bile rose in her throat. The classroom had gone quiet and everyone was looking at her, even Quirrell. For a sharp moment, the scar on her forehead burned and she inhaled sharply, slapping a hand to it. Trying to calm her breathing, Calla closed her eyes, leaning back."What's wrong, Potter?" Parkinson asked, sounding genuinely curious. "Is your scar hurting?""Shut up," Calla muttered, standing up and grabbing her bag. Everyone was staring now, and her vision swam with tears of anger and grief. "Shut up!"With an uncoiling of anger in her chest, Calla swept from the room and slammed the door behind her. For a brief moment she wondered if she'd shocked Quirrel so much that he'd faint or something like that, before carrying down the corridor towards the bathrooms, hurling herself into a stall with a sob."Hello?" a voice called, and she jumped."H-Hermione?" she asked incredulously, tears staining her cheeks and matteing her currently straightened hair. "What are you doing here?""Calla!" Hermione's voice sounded faintly shocked. "Was that you who just slammed that door?""Yeah," Calla admitted, looking down with a sheepish face. "I had a bit of an encounter with Parkinson in Defense.""Do you - do you want to talk about it?""Not really. Do you want to talk about Ron?""Not really." There was a moment's silence, and then: "Actually, yes, I do." A stall door swung open and Calla saw Hermione's shoes underneath it. Taking this as a cue to come out, Calla took a deep breath and opened the door, green eyes meeting Hermione's."Hermione?""I just... I thought he was nice. He was my friend - you're all my friends, you know? I liked Ron, and Harry, and you, and Daphne, and I was proud that I did well because everyone says muggleborn aren't good but I managed to do it, and so did you, didnt we? And then Ronald" she hiccoughed, wiping her eyes. "He just goes and ruins everything!""Boys are like that sometimes," Calla said. "And girls, to be fair. Maybe it's just human nature or something rubbish like that.""Yeah." Hermione looked down, lost in thought. "What did Parkinson say to you to make you upset, Calla?""Oh." Calla's face went beet red, and she looked down. She'd been a bit more forceful than intended, but she couldn't help it - this anger at Parkinson had just exploded within her and she couldn't stop herself. "I probabaly overrreacted. She said something about my parents, and I got upset, because, well, you probabaly know already...""Yeah," Hermione said, reaching out a hand to Calla. "I read it in a book.""I figured," Calla replied hollowly. "Well, I just got really angry at Parkinson and I grabbed my bag and stormed out and slammed a door. It was probably stupid, and I should probably go and apologise to Professor Quirrel, I might""You can't right now!" Hermione said. "It's jut, well, it's the Halloween feast, isn't it, and well..."She didn't elaborate, but Calla supposed it had something to do with Hermione not wanting to face anyone right now. She couldn't blame her - were it not for her guilt and the fact that Hermione was already there, she wouldn't have wanted to speak to anyone either right now."I'll find him tomorrow, then," Calla decided. "Hopefully I don't get into trouble.""If anything, Parkinson should be the one getting into trouble," Hermione said. "You had a perfectly normal reaction, I think.""Yeah." Calla noticed with a faint smile that neither of them was crying anymore. "Do you want to just sit here a little while longer?""Yeah," Hermione said. "I don't really want to face everyone at the feast. Especially not Ron, or Harry." She winced. "Sorry, I know he's your brother, but I don't know if he agrees with Ron.""He doesn't," Calla assured her quickly. "I made sure he didn't."Hermione grinned. "Thanks, Calla.""Harry Potter!" Daphne shouted, whirling into the Great Hall. A few heads turned to her before looking away at the sight of her steely glare, as she made her way towards the Gryffindor table."This can't be good," Ron said nervously."Daphne!" Harry greeted. "How are you?" He frowned. "Where's Calla?""Good bloody question!" Daphne exclaimed, throwing her hands up in the air. "I thought she'd have come to find you!""Come to find me?" Harry asked. "How come?""Parkinson," said another voice, and it wa shuts them that Harry noticed Padma Patil was with Daphne. "She was going on about your parents, and Calla stormed out upset. We figured you'd know where she was."Harry blinked once in confusion, then turned his glare to the Slytherin table where Pansy Parkinson sat, looking altogether far too pleased with herself. "No, I don't," he said. "But if Parkinson says one single word to my sister, I'll"Sadly, they never got to find out what Harry would do if Parkinson insulted Calla, as Professor Quirrel chose that exact moment to burst into the Great Hall. "Troll!" he shrieked, arms flailing in the air. "Troll, in the dungeon! Thought you ought to know."He promptly fainted, and the hall burst into chaos. "Order!" Dumbledore bellowed. Everyone turned to stare at him, but the four students linked hands, already knowin where they were to go. "Prefects will lead your house to their common rooms. Teachers, with me, to the dungeons.""Follow me, follow me!" Percy Weasley called, and Ron made to follow him before Harry and Daphne tugged him back."Calla and Hermione don't know about the troll," Harry hissed. "And I need to make sure my sister's okay.""I'm not doing anything for Hermione Granger," Ron grumbled, before Daphne glared."You owe it to her after what you said earlier," she snapped. "Even if you have to wrestle the bloody troll yourself."Ron parked at the thought, but nevertheless followed Padma, Daphne, and Harry out the hall."Parvati said that Hermione had been in the toilets all day, crying," Padma informed them helpfully. "With any luck, she and Calla will both be there still."The foursome made their way through the corridors, slinking away from Percy and towards the second floor bathrooms where Hermione was said to be.Calla smelled the troll before she saw it. A pungent odour wafted up her nostrils and both she and Hermione gagged on it. "What is that?" Hermione hissed, wrinkling her nose. "Has the sewage pipe broken or something?""Smells like a troll to me," Calla said. "Knowing this school, it probably is a troll."Hermione's face went white, and both girls grabbed their wands tight. "Should we hide?" Hermione whispered, and Calla nodded."In a cubicle, make sure your feet aren't poking out."They jostled each other slightly and balanced on a closed toilet seat, holding their bags and remaining very, very still. For a moment, thumping footsteps receded and they breath in relief, but the next thing they knew the troll was standing in the bathroom.Hermione gasped and the troll whirled around. Calla clutched her friend's arm, terror gripping her heart like a metal vice. This was just typical of her day, wasn't it?Finding out exactly when her parents died, her friend upset by her other friend, Parkinson and Lisa being overall annoyances, and to top it all off, a ten foot mountain troll less than five yards away from her and quite possibly going to kill her and Hermione.Both girls held their breath, hoping and praying to a god they didn't believe in that the troll would go away. It didn't.The troll seemed to catch sight of Calla and Hermione and raised its club to swing, before four other figures burst into the bathroom. "Calla!" Harry shouted, and Calla could have cried of relief.The troll swung around to face Harry and Calla shrieked, lunging forward to hit the troll's calf with her bag.About a million things happened at once.Hermione had tried to grab the troll by the ankle with Calla, but they'd both ended up flung under the sinks with Harry. Padma and Daphne, bless their souls, were shouting insults at the troll which Calla could barely even understand, while Ron tried levitating he club into the air. Calla grabbed Harry's hand and emerged from under the sink, prodding the troll in the foot and making it wince briefly with pain. "I'll get it!" Harry said, a second before the troll grabbed him by the waist and picked him up in one hand, Calla in the other.Down below, Daphne was helping Hermione stand up, while Padma and Ron tried to do some form of magic that Calla couldn't make out. The troll squeezed her tighter and she screamed, almost blacking out in fear. Harry was battling valiantly, but she wanted nothing more than to run away at that precise moment. He probably would have, were it not for the fact that she was still suspended in mid air. "Let us go!" Harry shouted, and Calla spied the club lying on the floor."Padma!" she shouted. "Club!"She seemed to get the message. Slowly, while Calla kept shrieking and feeling sick, and Harry attempted to negotiate with a troll for whatever mad, mad reason, the club rose in the air. Just as the troll noticed that his club was no longer at his feet - trolls were famously slow to catch on, after all - he was hit over the head with it and crumpled to the ground, taking Harry and Calla with him."Ugh," Harry groaned, having landed on his side. "That hurt.""Just a bit," Calla agreed, huffing onto her feet. "Trolls are gross.""Can we agree," Daphne said in a wobbly voice, "to never do that again? Ever?""I think that can be arranged," Padma said faintly."What on earth is going on here?" exclaimed a stern voice, and they all hurled around nervously. Professor McGonagall had just arrived at the scene, followed by Flitwick, Quirrel, and Snape, who was limping curiously."Ah," Harry said, smiling awkwardly. "You see""It was my fault," Hermione said, at the same time Calla said, "I'm sorry."Professor Snape quirked an eyebrow."You see, I - I'd read about trolls in books. I thought I could handle it, so I came here.""That's where she found me," Calla put in faintly, knowing that Quirrel would find a weak link in the story if she didn't. "I - I was upset in Defense Against the Dark Arts - Sorry about that, by the way, Professor, I really don't know what happened - and came here on my own.""Yeah," Hermione said. "I said I could take it on myself if Calla left, but I was wrong. If she hadn't helped, and the others hadn't arrived, well..." She shifted uncomfortably. "I'd probably be dead."McGonagall looked sternly at Hermione, over the rim of her wire framed glasses. "Be that as it may, Miss Granger, thinking you could take on a full grown mountain troll was sheer idiocy. As for Miss Potter," Calla kneaded her fingers together, "Running out of a class is still against the rules. Five points from each of you. And as for the rest of you... I doubt many first years could have taken on a fully grown mountain troll. Five points will be awarded to each of your houses."Despite her own punishment, which Calla considered was probably deserved, Calla couldn't stop herself from breaking into a grin. "Now," Flitwick squeaked, stepping out from behind McGonagall and Snape. "If Miss Potter, Patil, anf Greengrass would come with me back to Ravenclaw Tower?"The three girls nodded, trooping back towards their dorm with damp robes. Still, from that day forward, it seemed there was some newly formed bond with the six students in the bathroom. And as of Halloween night, they were friends.

November 16thThe morning of the Gryffindor versus Slytherin Quidditch March dawned bright and early. Despite the sunlight, there was still a November chill in the air, and out the window of her dorm Calla could see golden and copper leaves cascading down from the trees. "Morning," Daphne yawned, tossing off her duvet. Calla was already dressed, despite the other girls all being asleep. She was waiting for Uncle Moony's letter to come back confirming whether or not he'd be at the Quidditch match, and had ended up waking up early in her excitement for Harry's first Quidditch match."You're not waiting for your owl again, are you?" Daphne asked, giggling lightly. "Honestly, who are you even writing to?"Calla rolled her eyes. "My godfather," she replied, opening the window to peer out. Still no sign of Moony. She slumped backwards, crossing her arms in irritation."You've got a godfather?" Daphne asked, and Calla could hear the frown in her voice. "That's not in any of the books.""So?" Calla asked. "My favourite colour's purple, and Harry's is green, but that's not in any of the books either."Daphne considered this for a moment. "Your brother's favourite colour is green?""Yup." Calla peered out the window. "The irony isn't lost on either of us, believe me."They stood in silence for a few seconds, before Daphne declared that she was going to get changed and left Calla alone. "Hurry up, Moony," she whispered impatiently, tapping her foot on the floor. She wanted to get down to the Great Hall early, after all, because she didn't know how early Harry had to be at the Quidditch Pitch for, and she needed to wish him luck."You're up early, Potter," said Isobel's voice. "Is your brother excited for Quidditch?""He can't wait," Calla told her. "I just hope he doesn't end up getting himself injured or anything.""I'm sure he'll be fine," Izzy laughed. "Say, you don't fancy trying out for the Ravenclaw team next year? It might run in your family."Calla snorted. Isobel and the others knew perfectly well her feelings about flying - she didn't mind it if it was necessary, but she'd much rather keep two feet firmly on the ground. "I think I'll pass," she chuckled, as Daphne left the bathroom."Wait on me, you two," Isobel said. "Sue, Lisa, and Mandy said they'll go to the library today while it's quiet, and have a lie-in, so I'll go down to the Great Hall with you two and Padma.""Cool," Daphne said nonchalantly, sitting down on her bed and tying the laces on her shoes. Calla still wasn't sure she'd get used to Daphne's regular clothing look. Today, for example, she was wearing a short black dress with a chiffon skirt and black tights, with a scarlet robe thrown over the top. There were gold ribbons holding her plaited hair in place, and she had numerous scarlet and gold bangles decorating her arms, which made an oddly satisfying chinking sound together every time she moved. And then, he shoes. Daphne owned more shoes than Calla had ever seen. Today she had on little golden ankle boots with a slight heel and red embroidery, something Calla would have never have managed to pull off. She supposed it must be a result of her friend's pure blood upbringing, but she knew how to dress well in any circumstance, even for a wizard. And wizards weren't usually very good with fashion, at least not in Calla's eyes.By the time Uncle Moony's letter had arrived, both Daphne and Isobel were ready, and Padma was in the bathroom.To Calla, read Uncle Moony's hasty scrawl.Unfortunately, I can't attend Harry's Quidditch match today. My condition has posed some issues this month and as such I've been rather ill, too ill to present myself in public at your school. I'm incredibly sorry, as I would have loved to see you both in person, but hopefully I'll be able to make it to Gryffindor's next match. Tell Harry good luck for me, and I'm sure he'll perform spectacularly.Love,Uncle MoonyIt was a rather short letter, and Calla would have been lying if she said she wasn't a tad disappointed, though she knew she couldn't blame her godfather for something so completely outwith his control. She wrote a hasty reply and sent it off with Moony, who gave on indignant hoot before flying out the window."Godfather?" Daphne guessed.Calla nodded. "He was going to come to the match, but he can't. He, er, isn't feeling well.""That sucks," Isobel observed. "Still, at least Harry'll have you.""Suppose so," Calla shrugged, as Padma left the bathroom."Shall we go down, then?" Daphne asked, and the girls followed her downstairs."Morning, guys!" Anthony Goldstein shouted, as the Ravenclaw boy's left their dormitory. "Are you all going to watch the match?""We are," Daphne replied. "Sue, Lisa, and Mandy are studying all day."Terry pulled a face. "I can't be bothered studying. What's the point in going over things we already know, when there's so much more we could be actually learning?"Padma shrugged, leaving the dorm. "To make sure it sticks in our heads, I suppose. Still a bit annoying, though. Lisa's doing my head in by the way, don't know if you've noticed?"While the others nodded, Calla stayed silent, following Daphne. "She's been a tight twit as of late," Michael Corner said, as if he wasn't the hypocrite to end all hypocrites with that statement. "I think it's to do with the fact that she's bottom of all the Ravenclaws in every subject apart from Herbology." They turned to stare at him, confused. "What? I was curious, so I looked in Flitwick's desk when he was speaking to Seamus Finnigan about why he should stop setting everything on fire. You're top of Charms, by the way, Calla," he added, and Calla felt a slight heat rush to her cheeks. She'd half expected Hermione to be top. "Mind you, Granger's top of mostly everything else, and Malfoy's best at Potions."That made a bit more sense to Calla."D'you reckon they have, like, rankings of whose most likely to set the school on fire?" Anthony asked. "Because I think Seamus would do quite well in that respect."Daphne snorted, and everyone turned to stare at her. "Well it's true!" she giggled, leaning over to give Anthony a high-five. "And Anthony?""Yeah?""You're officially my favourite Ravenclaw guy. Sorry, Boot, Corner.""I'm very disappointed," Terry deadpanned, as Michael rolled his eyes. "Really, I'm about to burst into tears.""Shut up, Terry," Padma laughed, shoving her friend playfully into a wall. Calla couldn't help but wince; even though she knew Padma and Terry never meant any harm by their actions towards each other, sometimes it was all too reminiscent of her childhood with Dudley, and she always took a minute to snap out of her thoughts."There's Harry over there," Daphne said, pointing to the Gryffindor table where Calla's brother sat, surrounded by Hermione and Ron. "D'you want to go over?""I'll get some toast first," Calla said, following the others to the Ravenclaw table. "I'm starving.""Okay," Padma said. "But I'd be quick - apparently the Quidditch players have to go down quite early."Once Calla had had a slice of toast, she made her way to the Gryffindor table, flanked by Daphne and Padma, dropping into a seat beside Harry. "You nervous?" she whispered, and Harry nodded."Don't tell anyone," he hissed, "but there's a good chance I'm going to be sick on the Quidditch pitch."Calla smiled at him softly. "I don't blame you, Harry," she laughed. "But no matter your nerves, I'm sure you'll do great, okay? I'll be right in the stands cheering for you the whole way through, promise."Harry cracked a smile, turning his emerald eyes on his sister. "Thanks, Cal," he murmured, eneveloping her in a quick hug. "Do you know if Uncle Moony's managaing to make it.""He's too ill," Calla said, looking down. "He says he'll try and make it to your next match, though.""Oh." Harry prodded At bacon with his fork but didn't eat anything. "Okay.""You know he'll still be rooting for you," Calla assured him. "And he said to me to tell you he's sure you'll be spectacular.""He did?""Of course he did, you silly!" Calla giggled. "Now, have you actually eaten anything yet, because that plate looks fairly untouched.""I've been telling him that all morning!" Hermione butted in. "He needs his energy to make sure he can be at his best on the pitch!""Give it a rest, Hermione," Harry huffed, and Calla prodded him sharply in the shoulder."She's right, Harry," Calla told him. "Come on, just a bit of toast or something. I don't want you fainting on the pitch just because you didn't eat anything for breakfast.""Fine, fine." Harry conceded, holding up his hands in a gesture of peace. Calla handed him a bit of toast and he picked at it. Well, Calla thought, at least he ate it.Harry had to leave soon after, and Calla gave him a quick hug and peck on the cheek before he left, still a bundle of nerves. "He's terrified," she observed, returning to the Ravenclaw table with Daphne and Padma."Like you wouldn't be?" Daphne giggled, linking arms with her friends. "I just want to see the look on Terrence Higgs' face when Harry gets the snitch from right under his nose!"They all laughed then, robes whirling as they sat down at the table, waiting for the moment when they could go down to the Quidditch Pitch.By the time they found Ron, Hermione, and Neville in the Quidditch stands, Calla's hands were about frozen off and she was really wishing she'd brought gloves with her. Still, the Gryffindor scarf she'd sneaked from Harry was warm and she held her hands in it, tying to warm them up."You guys took your time," Ron said, and Calla stuck out her tongue. It was refreshing, she thought, to have this wide group of friends around her and have the freedom to act like herself, like she always acted with Harry before this Summer."We prefer not to get unnecessarily freezing," Daphne sniffed, and Ron rolled his eyes. He still didn't like Daphne, for whatever strange wizard reason. "Unlike Gryffindors.""And what's that supposed to mean?" Ron asked petulantly, as Hermione laid a hand on his arm."Relax, Ron," she sighed. "We saved seats for you guys." She frowned, noticing for the first time the three Ravenclaw boys and Isobel behind Padma, Daphne, and Calla. "I'm sure we can all squeeze in."Calla roared with appreciation as, shortly after they sat down, Harry came out with the Gryffindor team. "Go Harry!" she shouted, clapping. Her brother turned to her, and though she could tell he was nervous, he still managed to grin in Calla's direction.A couple of Slytherins glared at her, and she resisted for a moment the urge to cower away form them. No, she thought. Why should they dictate how she supported her own twin brother?Before Calla knew it, the Quidditch players were rising up in the air and Harry was higher than all of them, scouring the pitch for any sign, any little glimmer of gold. She just hoped he didn't get himself hurt. It had been her primary concern when he told her about being put on the team - that and his stupidity in going after Malfoy outside, though she supposed she might very well have done the same in the circumstances.About thirty minutes into the game, Calla was growing bored. Harry had barely moved, and she was struggling to follow all the other players. She recognised the Weasley twins as beaters, and the team captain and keeper, Oliver Wood, but she couldn't keep track of the three Chaser girls, who kept weaving and diving in the air."What's up with Harry's broom?" Padma asked, and Calla turned her attention sharply to her brother.To her horror, the broom was bucking up and down with Harry on it, and he seemed to be clinging to it with all his strength. "Harry!" she screeched. "What's happening?"Harry either couldn't hear her or couldn't reply. The broom jerked away and Harry very nearly went crashing to the ground, holding onto the broom with just his hands. "Hermione, are you doing?" she asked as her friend grabbed her hand."Snape's jinxing the broom," Hermione told her, fire in her warm brown eyes. "I know a jinx when I see one, now come on, we have to do something!"Letting herself be dragged to the teachers' box, Calla frowned. While she didn't doubt that Snape didn't like Harry, it didn't make any sense for him to do this, especially not since he was liable to be caught; even a first year could work it out, though granted Hermione was more intelligent than most first years. "Wait, Hermione," Calla hissed. "Think about this. Why would Snape do this?""He hates Harry," Hermione said plainly. "And hes clearly casting some kind of jinx.""Are you sure it isn't a counter jinx?" Calla asked. "It might not be him - or there could be something wrong with the broom itself and he's trying to fix it?""Why would Snape help Harry, though?" Hermione asked, frowning. "He hates him.""I'm just saying," Calla sighed. "We should at least analyse the situation before we go in hot headed and do something that's probably against the rules anyhow.""We don't have time!" Hermione hissed back. "What if Harry falls off?"Calla had to admit: that was definitely not something she wanted to see. If only Uncle Moony were here - he'd know what to do.And he'd want her to have all the facts. And not get into trouble."Okay," Calla said. "To maintain a jinx or counter jinx you have to be able to see the victim, right?""Correct," Hermione agreed."So we cause a distraction, make sure no one is still looking at Harry. We'll work out if it really is Snape later."Though Hermione still seemed certain that Snape was to blame, she nodded reluctantly. "Your brother, your decision," she said. "What are we going to do?""You've read all the books, haven't you?" Calla asked, and Hermione nodded, eyes lighting up. "Then it's up to you."Calla hadn't exactly expected Hermione to set Snape's bloody robes on fire, but it got the job done. Every teacher's gaze was broken away from the match and by the time they returned to their friends, Harry was back on his broom safely, and was diving towards the snitch."What were you two up to?" Ron asked."Saving Harry's life," Hermione told him."The usual."There was great roar and Calla looked away from Ron to see Harry on the pitch, looking like he was about to throw up. "Harry?" she shouted, and he turned to stare at her, before opening his mouth like he was about to spew. "Oh no," she groaned, but all that came out was a tiny speck of gold."Harry Potter has caught the golden snitch!" the commentator, a Gryffindor called Lee something, shouted. "Gryffindor wins!"The stands erupted into chaotic excitement, roaring and shouting and slapping each other on the back. "He did it!" Calla cheered, hugging Daphne and Hermione. "He did it!"As Harry held the snitch up in his hand, the Gryfindors gave lions roars of appreciation, and Calla and her friends rushed down to the pitch to greet Harry as he left. "That was amazing, Harry!" Ron roared, thumping Harry on the back, and his green eyes went wide."Uh, thanks," Harry said, albeit slightly nervously."What happened to your broom, though, Harry?" Calla fretted, hugging him. "Are you okay? I was so worried you were going to get hurt!""So was I!" Harry said, looking down sheepishly. "But it turned out okay in the end - I just don't know what happened.""It was Snape!" Hermione blurted, and Calla groaned. She really wasn't letting up with this. "He was jinxing your broom.""We don't actually have any evidence," Calla put in."But I'm certain it was him. He has a motive, and I know what a jinx looks like; it was definitely Snape!"Harry and the others looked between them confusedly. "What?" Harry asked, confused. "You think - you think Snape was jinxing my broom?""Hermione does," Calla clarifies. "I think he could very well have been doing a counter jinx or trying to help you in another way. Snape's a prat, and, no offense, it's fairly clear he doesn't like you, but I don't think he'd go so far as to actually put you in danger like that." She shrugged. "Hermione set his robes on fire anyway." She was still bloody annoyed about that - Snape could have been hurt, and if it had gone wrong it could have spread all over the wooden stands - but Hermione had been pretty adamant in her justification of her actions."My family knows Snape," Daphne said. "I don't like him, but I agree with Calla. He wouldn't actually try to get you, Harry."Calla gave her an appreciative smile, before turning back to a rather annoyed looking Hermione. "I still think we should be wary of him," Hermione said, shaking her hair out. "Now, Harry, you should go and get a shower after that match or something, and Calla didn't you say we would see Hagrid later?""Yup, I told him we'd be down shortly after the game." She gave her brother a critical look over. "And I agree with Hermione, Harry - you should definitely get washed up. You stink.""Gee, what a loving sister I have," Harry laughed, and Calla shook her head, pushing him in the direction of the changing rooms lightly."See you in a minute!"Once Harry had left the changing rooms, the group of six trooped down to Hagrid's hut, smiling as they walked into the welcoming heat. "Afternoon, Hagrid!" Hermione greeted, smiling and waving at the jolly half-giant."Ah, afternoon, you lot," he beamed, turning around with a platter of what looked like his infamous rock cakes. Calla hid her wince, recalling exactly what put the 'rock' in 'rock cake'. "Hear' you was quite brilliant at the Quidditch, 'Arry,"Harry blushed, and Calla grinned at him. "He would have been better if Snape hadn't bloody jinxed his broom," Ron muttered, and Hagrid frowned."What do you mean, Snape jinxed his broom?" Hagrid demanded, bushy eyebrows furrowing in confusion. "Snape wouldn' jinx Harry's broom.""Hagrid, all the evidence points to him," Padma said softly, large eyes almost patronising him. "We're sure of it.""I'm not sure of it," Calla spoke up, and the others swivelled to her. She shrugged. "We don't have any solid proof, and he might have been saying a countercurse or something to help Harry, I don't know. Besides, he's a teacher.""Exactly!" Hagrid cries. "What reason would Snape have to jinx Harry's broom?" For some reason, he didn't quite meet their eyes, and Calla frowned. Clearly, he was hiding something, but she didn't want to press - that would just make the others more certain of Snape's guiltiness."He was trying to get past that three headed dog on Halloween," Harry said, and Calla groaned."Not this again," Daphne huffed. "He was limping - maybe he sprained his ankle running up the stairs to save everybody's arse."Hagrid's eyes glinted like he thought he should correct Daphne on his language, but he seemed to decide against. "Who told you about Fluffy, anyway?" Hagrid asked, and everybody swivelled to stare at him.Calla's mind went into overdrive. When she'd told Harry about the incident with that dog, he'd said that he was probably there for a reason, and Padma had observed that it appeared to be standin on some kind of trapdoor. She'd brushed it off - it was a magic school, a three headed dog wasn't as exciting as it might have been - but if Hagrid knew about it, if he'd called it Fluffy..."You called that thing Fluffy?" Ron was asking. He sounded incredulous, and Calla wasn't altogether surprised. Of course Hagrid would call it Fluffy - it was the most ironic name possible for a three headed dog that looked like it belonged in the Underworld of Greek mythology."It was guarding something, and Snape must want to get past it," Padma said, and Calla and Daphne both sighed. "Maybe it's dangerous! You know, Parvati says that Lavender told her that Snape used to be in the Dark Arts - Hagrid, what's in there?"Hagrid, who'd been quiet for a while, now spoke up in indignance. "Don't go meddling, you lot!" he cried, wagging his finger in the air. "What's down there's between Dumbledore and Nicholas Flamel?""Who?" Hermione asked, frowning. Calla could see the gears turning in her head, and she admitted she recognised the name, too."Shouldn't have said that," Hagrid was muttering. "I should not have said that.""Hagrid?""Out of here, the lot of you," Hagrid said sharply. "Go on, and don't ask anymore questions!""But Hagrid, what about Nicholas Flamel?" Daphne asked, suddenly interested - maybe she just wanted to find things out quicker than Hermione did to satisfy her own petty competitive streak."Out!" Hagrid demanded, ushering them outside. "And don't get involved!"The door closed in their faces and they all blinked in surprise. "Well done, you lot," Calla muttered. "Now Hagrid's upset with us.""I'm going to go and speak to Parvati," Padma said decisively, as she turned on her heel and made her way up to the castle."I should, er, write my parents," Hermione said awkwardly, and Daphne nodded. "You too, Ronald.""What?" Ron asked, quite lost as Hermione and Daphne both began to drag him away up the path to the castle."You really don't think it was Snape?" Harry asked after a moment of tension."I have no idea who it was, Harry," Calla sighed honestly, linking her arm through his. "But I don't think it was Snape for sure, because there's not enough evidence. It could just as easily have been one of the other professors, or some Slytherin upper year, or maybe the broom had a default or something.""It's a great broom," Harry said. "Ron told me so - that's not the issue."She could come back to Harry's over dependence on Ronald for his wizarding knowledge another time. "Okay, so maybe not that, then," Calla huffed, as they began walking up to School. "But we can't immediately decide it's Snape now, not until we've got all the right evidence. And keep an eye out, Harry. Just in case."

December 19thThe Hogwarts Castle had slowly slipped into the cold darkness typical of the Scottish Highlands, grey clouds overhead swirling with unfallen snow. Flitwick had come around the Ravenclaw Common Room earlier with a sign up sheet for students staying at Hogwarts over Christmas, and after a quick conversation with Harry they'd decided that, while the castle looked lovely covered in snow and Christmas decorations, that they should go to Uncle Moony's for Christmas as he'd invited them. As such, Calla was already deciding what she needed to pack for the couple of weeks away from Hogwarts, and what was safe to leave behind in her dormitory.After a particularly exciting Potions lesson where they'd managed to successfully brew an Antidote to Most Common Potions, and Calla had for the first time secured five points for Ravenclaw from Snape, she decided to sort through all her belongings, some of which were scattered across the dormitory, to make packing easier when the time came.She trooped through the tower and entered her dormitory, set on collecting stuff to her trunk before she noticed Daphne curled on the bed, sobbing gently. "Daphne?" she asked cautiously, moving towards the girl. "Daphne, what's wrong?"Daphne turned to her, wiping her eyes. "It's - it's nothing," she said firmly, though her eyes watered and tears threatens to spill over dangerously. "I was just getting my Charms textbook to study.""You were crying," Calla said, sitting down beside her fair haired friend. "Daphne, you know you can trust me, right?""I don't want to talk to you just now," Daphne spat, standing up abruptly, and Calla leapt away, eyes widening in confusion. Daphne seemed angry at her, though she couldn't work out why."What's wrong?" Calla asked again, frowning with an uneasy feeling in her stomach. "Come on, Daph, talk to me.""Just leave me alone, Potter," Daphne snarled, and the vindictiveness of her voice made Calla startle. She caught the icy anger that flashed in Daphne's pale blue eyes and recoiled sharply. When Calla didn't move, Daphne stood up abruptly and whirled last, knocking Calla onto the bed as she passed and slammed the door behind her.Calla's heart pounded. She didn't understand why Daphne was all of a sudden so inclined to hate her, or why her voice had been so cold, as if she'd never even liked Calla. She was still on the bed, sitting frozen and staring at the door. Years of living with the Dursleys had, of course, made her used to violence and anger, but that was from her relatives, who had never once acted like her friend. Daphne was different, and Calla didn't understand what was going on.With a sigh, Calla made a start on packing the rest of her things, waiting until Daphne had calmed down before she spoke to her best friend again. Daphne had said that she would be going home for holidays, but maybe her plans had changed. If that was the case, Calla was sure she still had time to ask Uncle Moony if Daphne could stay with them, if she wanted to. She'd have to ask her later.Once Calla had finished packing her trunk, she headed to the library. Harry was waiting for her outside of the Ravenclaw common room, as they'd wanted to check out some books before leaving for the Christmas holidays. Hermione had been insistent on this topic ever since Hagrid let it slip about Nicholas Flamel, although personally Calla was getting bored of it, and she knew the rest of their friends were as well.Unlike the rest of them, Ron was going to be staying at Hogwarts for Christmas with his brothers, as their parents and sister were visiting one of his other brothers, Charlie, in Romania. Apparently Charlie studied dragons, a subject Calla was still fascinated by. Harry had offered to ask Uncle Moony if Ron could stay with them, but Ron declined it, saying that he always spent Christmas with his family, and Hogwarts was supposed to be nice at the holidays anyway. Calla thought he might have still been a bit envious over it, but didn't press the matter. Ron was, for want of a better word, rather tetchy around the subject of his family.Entering the library, the twins found Padma, Hermione, and Ron already huddled around a table, alongside Padma's sister Parvati, who looked even more bored than Ron was. "Glad you two could make it," Hermione greeted cheerily, not even looking up from the large, dusty tone in front of her. "Are you all packed for the holidays?""Almost," Harry said, and Calla threw him a glare. He said that he'd be finished packing already. "What?""Boys," Calla huffed, taking a seat between Padma and Hermione. "They never do listen.""Look," Hermione said, and they all turned to her. "I know everyone except Ron's going home for Christmas, but could we at least try and find out some stuff while we're away. My parents won't be much help - they're dentists - but you all are staying with wizards, right?"She looked around for affirmation, and in doing so seemed to notice Daphne's absence. "Where's Daphne?" Hermione asked, frowning. "She said she'd be here. Is she still packing, Calla?""I don't know," Calla shrugged. "She was... upset, when I went in the dorms, then she left. I don't know where she is now.""Oh," Hermione said. She frowned for a moment, as if contemplating this matter, before squaring her shoulders. "Well, I'm sure she'll be fine soon, if we don't see her then we can go and find her. But the point is here, we need to find out all that we can about Nicholas Flamel. Right?"They all nodded in agreement.December 23rdA few days later, the Hogwarts Express pulled into King's Cross Station and Harry and Calla leapt to their feet. They'd managed to find a compartment to fit them with Hermione, Padma, Parvati, and Lavender Brown. Daphne hadn't spoken to Calla since their 'argument', and though she was somewhat concerned over this, she chose not to let it ruin her Christmas. It was the first year they'd spent Christmas just with Uncle Moony, as he'd invited them to his house, since the Dursleys were not fans of having the Potters for any longer than was necessary. Personally, Calla couldn't care less. She'd much rather stay with Uncle Moony during the Summer holidays, too, but apparently that wasn't allowed."Have a nice holiday!" Padma and Parvati called over their shoulders, leaving to join their parents. Though they had celebrated Diwali in early November with their parents after getting permission from Dumbledore, they were still visiting their family for New Year's celebrations, and were pretty excited for it.Lavender was attempting to keep up chatter with Harry and Hermione about their Potions homework, but she wasn't getting anywhere, and looked almost relieved when she joined her family."Whereabouts do you think Uncle Moony will be, Harry?" Calla asked, peering around for his familiar sandy hair and warm eyes. "He said he'd be here already.""Maybe he's just got caught up in the crowd," Harry reasoned. "We'll find him in a minute. 'Mione, have you spotted your mum and dad?""Not yet," Hermione replied, craning her neck. "Oh, wait - they're just over there. Come on, you can wait with us until Calla's godfather arrives."Hermione lead them over to a black couple with kind faces, who welcomed their daughter with a warm hug. "These must be the twins Hermione told us about!" Mrs Granger exclaimed, smiling at them both. "You do look so alike.""Is your godfather here, yet?" Hermione's father asked excitedly. "I really would love to meet him - he's a wizard, too, isn't he?""Er, yes," Harry said. He, like Calla, clearly thought that it would be against their best interests to inform the Granger's of Uncle Moony being a werewolf. "He'll be here in a minute."A few minutes passed and the platform began to slowly empty, as a figure sprinted through the barrier. "Calla!" Uncle Moony shouted. "Harry! I'm so sorry I'm running late!"He bounded over to them both, picking both twins up into bear hugs. "Merry Christmas!"Putting the twins down, he looked up pleasantly at the Granger family. "You must be Calla's godfather, then," Mrs Granger said, smiling at him and not seeming to give a joy about his slightly dishevelled appearance. "It's lovely to meet you. I'm Jean Granger, and this is my husband, Robert.""Remus Lupin," Uncle Moony said, shaking both Grangers' hands. "And I suppose this is Hermione? Calla and Harry have said a lot about you.""Oh, it's lovely to know Hermione's made friends," Jean Granger said with a warm smile. "Now, I hear you are a wizard, too - tell me about this castle they've been living in, I hope they have preparations for flu season."The parents began to strike up amicable chatter as all six of them bustled back towards the barrier, slinking back into the Muggle world. Uncle Moony was getting on like a house on fire with Hermione's parents, and as they parted ways they decided that they simply must meet up at some point during the holidays, much to the children's delight.This was going to be the best Christmas ever, Calla decided, standing outside in the crisp London sunlight, moments before Uncle Moony apparated them away.The twins had very rarely visited Uncle Mooney's house previously, only when Mrs Figg across the road was unavailable for babysitting duty and the Dursleys didn't want the twins inside the house alone. They'd had to go there on Dudley's most recent birthday, when he had gotten to go to the zoo, but honestly neither twin had minded much. It had been only a week or so before the first Hogwarts letters had arrived, and Calla realised this with a jolt. Had it really been so long ago? Almost half the school year was over already, but it had felt like no time at all.Uncle Mooney's house had barely changed since June. The walls in the living room were still painted in a warm maroon colour, just a tad darker than the scarlet of Harry's Gryffindor tie, and the bedroom that Harry and Calla were to be sharing over the holidays smelled distinctly of new paint. Calla noticed with an ounce of satisfaction that it was her favourite colour, blue, rather than Harry's favourite green. Then again, in true Gryffindor style, Uncle Moony probably hadn't been inclined to paint anything in his house green.Once the twins had unpacked their trunks in their room, opening the windows to get the smell of paint out, they rushed down the stairs and into the living room, where Uncle Moony was reading over a book. "You two unpacked, then?" Uncle Moony asked with a small smile. They nodded, and he shut his book. "Good. Now, which would you two rather do: go to the park, or visit Diagon Alley? I'm sure you both have presents still to get for your friends, and I've got a few things to pick up, too."The twins exchanged excited glances. "Definitely Diagon Alley," Calla said, grinning with bright eyes. "Hermione mentioned something about needing new ink for her quill, and I'm sure there's lots of books that she'd like from Flourish and Blotts.""That's it settled, then," Uncle Moony said, getting up with a sigh. "Come on, if you get your jackets and shoes on quickly then we'll Floo there for tea."It took a short while for Uncle Moony to explain how Floo powder was used before they all successfully arrived in the Leaky Cauldron, slightly sooty but not altogether any worse for wear. "Where to first, then?" Uncle Moony asked."Dinner," Harry said instantly, and Calla giggled as his stomach rumbled and his cheeks went pink. "If - if that's alright?"Uncle Moony snorted with barely concealed laughter. "Of course, Harry. Matter of fact, I was getting hungry myself."They managed to find space in a little booth for the three of them to sit, looking at menus. Harry's eyes were still wide after the excitement of the Floo powder, as he peered down at the menu."Can I take your orders, please?" asked a waitress, who smiled at them like she'd rather be anywhere else."Cal?" Harry asked, prompting her to speak."Er, I'll just have the Shepherd' Pie, please," she said in a quiet voice, as the waitress frowned."Can you repeat that, love?" she asked, and Calla gritted her teeth."She said Shepherd's Pie," Harry supplied, and the waitress's eyes opened in wonder when she looked at him."Are you-" she seemed to choke for a moment. "Are you Harry Potter?"Harry stared at her. "Yeah."The waitress's mouth fell open, and she whirled around to stare at Calla. "And so you must be Calla, right?" Calla nodded timidly. "Blimey. D'you mind, my mum'd love to know I've met you two, could you sign this?"She thrust a scrap piece of parchment under Harry's nose, and both twins stared at it like it was a time bomb, just waiting for the right moment to go off. "Uh, I don't-""They're eleven," Uncle Moony said, frowning at the waitress. "We'd appreciate if you didn't bother for an autograph."The waitress nodded sharply, snatching back the piece of parchment. "I'm sorry," she mumbled. "Wasn't thinking. Of course. Shepherd's Pie: who else?""I'll have the same," Harry said, and Uncle Moony nodded affirmatively."Three shepherd's pies then," he said, handing the waitress their menus."Of course, sir. Any drinks I could get you - butter beer, perhaps?"Calla and Harry both perked up at that. Butter beer? They hadn't heard of that before, but it definitely sounded interesting. "Three butterbeers, and a jug of gillywater, then," Uncle Moony said, still maintaining a placid smile. "Thank you."As the waitress left and brought them their drinks, the conversation turned towards Hogwarts. "So, then Ron said that he'd be my second," Harry was saying, as Calla rolled her eyes. It was the truly wonderful story of how Harry had almost gotten himself into yet another detention by starting a bloody midnight duel with Draco Malfoy. Thankfully, Daphne wasn't stupid and had cottoned on to exactly what Malfoy's plan was, stopping Harry and Ron from being absolute idiots and getting caught out of bed at night. "So it turned out alright in the end," Harry finished. "Thanks to Calla and Daphne, that is.""Mostly Daphne, to be honest," Calla said, and she supposed there must have been an edge to her voice as both Harry and Uncle Moony frowned at her. "What?""No, it's just..." Harry paused. "I was wondering where Daphne got to on the Express. I haven't actually seen her much the last few days."Calla shrugged. She'd been trying not to think about Daphne, but it had proven difficult recently and she had to admit, she was worried about it. "She and I had a - a bit of an argument at the end of term," she admitted, and both her brother and her godfather frowned as though they disapproved deeply of her. "I don't know what happened - she had a letter and looked upset, but when I tried to reach out to her she just snapped." She looked down, feeling tears prick at her eyes though she pushed them away. "We havent spoken since.""Do you know what the letter was about?" Uncle Moony asked, in a kind voice that didn't seem to match his frowning eyes."No," Calla scoffed. "She wouldn't tell me. I just know that clearly, it upset her, but she doesn't want to talk about it. She's avoiding me too - I only see her in the dorms at night.""Do you think you could try and talk to her after you've gone back, once she's had a bit of reflection on whatever the issue was? Or you could send a letter, you both still have your owls with you."Calla shook her head. "She's the one who doesn't want to talk to me. When she's ready, I think she'll come and find me, or Hermione, or Padma. Or Harry," she added as an afterthought, which made her brother laugh."She still doesn't much like Ron, does she?" Harry asked, chuckling."It's not that," Calla huffed. "She just has a sort of expectation of him that is hard to get over - you know his family are known as blood traitors. The Greengrasses aren't as extreme as others, but Ron and Hermione are still ... different to her. She likes Hermione because Hermione isn't as much of a prat all the time.""Ron's not a prat!" Harry insisted."He is sometimes," Calla replied, smirking. "Don't get me wrong, I love him too, but he's still a prat."Just then, the waitress set down their meals and left them to it, though Calla noticed she still kept a watch on them with curious eyes.Once they'd had their food, the trio went out into the Main Street. It was becoming dark now, but the magical lights that hung overhead like constellations illuminated the whole scene, and it might as well have been noon. "Five o'clock," Uncle Moony said, checking his watch. "What do you two say we meet back at the Leaky Cauldron for half past six? I trust that you two can look after yourselves for a bit while I run a couple of errands.""Of course," Harry said, a little too enthusiastic for Calla's tastes as he looked over at Quality Quidditch Supplies. There was no way in hell he was going to get her on a broom, or drag her around the shop for an hour and a half."Thank you, Uncle Moony," Calla said politely, hugging her godfather tightly for a few seconds. "Come on, Harry, you've got the money. We're going to Flourish and Blott's first, then Scrivener's Quills.""What about Quality Quidditch Supplies?" Harry asked petulantly, earning a chuckle from Uncle Moony."If we go in there, you'll never leave," Calla reasoned. "Only if we have time.""I'll leave you two to it," Uncle Moony decided with a smirk, heading in the direction of the Apothecary."Come on, Harry," Calla sighed, grabbing her still complaining brother's hand. "Let's look at some books for Hermione!"He groaned, but went on willingly.Though the bookshop was almost deserted, there was still a warm comfort that surrounded it as Calla and Harry delved inside. "Right," Calla said. "Hermione enjoys History of Magic, so we could get her a book to do with that, though she's always saying that she wants to do better in Potions since Malfoy's always beating her out for top spot and Snape hates all you Gryffindors, so maybe a couple of books on each? And then, of course, the ink.""Wait, is this from both of us?" Harry asked, sounding surprised, and Calla stared at her."What, have you managed to find your own gifts for everyone?" Harry looked down sheepishly. "Thought not. Now, moving on to Padma. She said that she wants to do better in Herbology, so I could get her a book about that, but then her favourite subject is Charms, and Uncle Moony told me about a very handy study guide for that in a letter..." She trailed off, musing as she browsed the shelves. "Then again, would it be proper to get Padma something? She celebrates Diwali, but that was is November this year and I'm not sure if it's customary to exchange gifts for that or not."She looked to Harry for an answer, but he was still staring at her. "In what world are books a good present for everyone? I'd much rather sweets or some Quidditch stuff.""When all your friends are interested in them," Calla replied, biting that extra hint of information for later. "Besides, I'll get them other things besides books to go in with it, and I'm not getting a book for Ron, because I know he won't appreciate it like Hermione, Padma, and Daphne will. Which reminds me - did you see any jewellery shops around here? Only I think Daphne would appreciate earrings or something.""We're still getting her a present?" Harry asked, confused."Obviously," Calla said, rolling her eyes. "She's still our friend. Now, we still haven't decided about Padma.""I'm sure I overheard Parvati talking to Lavender about a gift she got for Diwali once," Harry said, concentrating. "So, yes. Even though it's a bit late, I think she'll appreciate the gesture.""Good," Calla said. It felt strangely good to be doing this; shopping for Christmas and Diwali gifts for all of her friends. She and Harry had barely had money to spend on themselves before, other than the odd fifty pence for Christmas or a birthday, and now that they'd discovered their fortunes in Gringotts, Calla was determined to spend her money well. And, in the mind of an eleven year old girl, this meant spending as much as she wanted on her friends. "So, that's settled. The History and Potions books for Hermione, and the Charms book for Padma, then?" Harry nodded. "Great. The Charms one was called A Witch's Guide to Proficiency in Charms, see if you can find it anywhere."It didn't take long for them to find all the books they needed in Flourish and Blotts, and Calla noticed with a smirk that Harry had stayed behind to 'tie his shoelace' and left with a slightly lighter money bag and a book shaped item stowed under his cloak."Scrivener's next," Calla declared, setting off towards the stationery shop. "I saw this nice colour changing ink, I think Hermione would like that, in addition to a practical ink. Also, see if there's any pretty quills in there - remember, her favourite colour is orange.""Orange," Harry wrinkled his nose. "How'd you know that?""I asked," Calla said simply, and he looked vaguely confused by this declaration. "Oh, come on, Harry. Don't you want to know who we're spending all our time with. I've got a whole notebook of everyone's likes and dislikes in my trunk, and what subjects thy like and what they struggle with for future reference.""Why?" Harry asked, and she shrugged."It could come in handy." Okay, she wa seeing honest here. "And I've been curious." She pushed open the door to the rather run down little store. "Now: orange quills. Got it?""Got it," Harry replied, grinning.Once they'd finished all of their shopping - the books, a quill and three pots of ink for Hermione, Padma's charm book and a pretty red scarf, a set of amethyst earrings for Daphne, and a whole basket of sweets for Ron. Calla had also picked up a few pretty quills for Izzy, Sue, and Mandy, not bothering herself about Lisa, as well as some chocolates for Terry, Anthony, and Zacharias Smith. Both twins still needed to get presents for each other and Uncle Moony, so split up at six o'clock, promising to meet a few minutes before half past.The second Harry disappeared, Calla ducked into Quality Quidditch Supplies. The shop was filled to the brim with broomsticks, quaffles, bludgers, rpit kits, gloves, and a million other things Calla couldn't begin to think about using."Alright there?" a young man asked from behind the counter. "Anything you're looking for in particular?""I'm just looking, thanks," Calla said sweetly. "Do you have anything specific to Seekers? That's my brother's position.""Of course, Miss," the young man said. "We've got 'Quidditch Through the Ages: Seeker's Edition' which has a lot about snitches and the evolution of the Seeker position, as well as some practice snitches that don't have the flesh memories installed. Or there's the broomstick repair kit, and we've got some scarves used specially for Quidditch that won't fly off in the wind, but still keep you warm. Say, what Hogwarts house is your brother in? Assuming he's at Hogwarts, still.""He's in Gryffindor," Calla said casually, before realising exactly what that meant to the man before her. Really, people had to stop doing the whole gaping goldfish thing."Hes - he's the Gryffindor Seeker? The current one?""He's Harry Potter, yes," Calla sighed. She didn't like how the man was looking at her now - judging rather than kindly, like he was sizing her up and trying to work out exactly who and what she was. "I'm Calla, it's nice to meet you.""A - and you, Miss Potter," the man said, blinking slowly to recover from his momentary shock. "Er, So, back to Quidditch. Gryffindor, yes? Yes, of course, sorry. What would you like?"She debated inwardly for a moment. "I think the Broomstick Repair Kit." Knowing Harry, he'd need it at some point. "And the scarf could be useful, too, a Gryffindor one.""Of course, Miss," the man said, thankfully over his initial shock. "I'll fetch those for you and get you at the till, Okay? If there's anything else you need, just shout.""Thanks," Calla smiled, though she didn't want to spend much more time in the Quidditch shop with all those bloody brooms. Even if Harry insisted it was 'the best sport ever invented!' she hated the feeling of being so far off the ground that any wrong move would send her hurtling downwards to her death. Not thanks, she thought. She preferred not to die for a bit of sport.Once the cashier had rang up the Repair Kit And scarf, her total came to Twenty one galleons, leaving her with about thirty for Uncle Moony's present, and not long to find it.She rushed around the street before she found Harry, grabbing his arm sharply. "Oi," she whispered, startling him. "Have you gotten Uncle Moony's present yet?""No," he shook his head. "Have you?""Not yet," Calla said. "Weve only got about fifteen minutes, should we go together to get something?""Probably," Harry shrugged. "I've got twenty five galleons and ten sickles left, what about you?""Thirty galleons Exactly," Calla said. "Now, any ideas for what to get him?"Harry shrugged. "Not anything to do with the full moon," he said, and Calla smacked him on the arm."Keep your voice down," she hissed. "And that wasn't even a funny joke, so be serious.""Sorry," he smirked. "He likes books like you do, right? And didn't he say he liked Defense Against the Dark Arts and Care Of Magical Creatures best when he was at school?""Think so," Calla said. "How about that, then? Something to do with Defense - you find that, I'm rubbish in that subject anyway - and something to do with Magical Creatures. What about dragons - those seem cool?""We could get him a dragon," Harry said breathlessly, as though a great idea had just come to him, and Calla snorted with laughter."That's illegal, Harry, but good try," she giggled, as his face fell. "Come on, back to the books."In the end, they were only just on time to meet Uncle Moony, having bought him a book about dark creatures, a limited edition copy of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and some dragon hide gloves that were really Harry's idea rather than Calla's. She had to admit: it was a very good idea for a gift, and she had been a slight bit too caught up in books to consider another gift for her godfather."Got everything you needed?" Uncle Moony asked, and hey both nodded enthusiastically. "Good. Up to apparating back?"Calla tried not to wrinkle her nose - it was still preferable to Flooing in that confined fireplace, but side along apparition was far from her favourite mode of transport by this point. Still, it was Christmas.December 25thChristmas Day dawned and Calla rose with the sun, unable to contain her exictement at the prospect of a Dursley-free Christmas. "Wake up, Harry!" she cried, startling her brother out of bed. He leapt up, eyes wide before his brain clicked and he realised what day it was, and his green eyes widened even further."It's Christmas!" he declared, stating the obvious as Calla chuckled."D'you think Uncle Moony'll be up yet?" Calla asked brightly, leaping out of her own bed. "I can't wait to show him what we got for him - I hope he likes it!""Lets go see!" Harry said, tugging Calla out the door and knocking on Uncle Moony's bedroom door. "Uncle Moony, are you up?"After a moment of silence: "Well, I am now.""Come on, we want you to open the present from us!" Calla chirped, grinning to herself. She hoped that Hermione had received the present from her and Harry alright, since her parents didn't exactly understand the whole owl thing."Alright, alright," Uncle Moony said. "I'll be out in a minute, you two can go on downstairs - but don't open anything yet, Alright?"The twins hurried downstairs, Harry jumping two at a time and almost dragging a reluctant Calla down with him. They'd helped Uncle Moony to set up the tree a few days ago, and it was looking pretty spectacular, especially with the three stacks of presents underneath the tree. Usually the only presents Harry and Calla ever got were from Uncle Moony, and the occasional coin or box of tissues from the Dursleys, but there was far more waiting for them this year. "Woah," Harry said, eyes gleaming wide in anticipation. "That's a lot of presents.""We're practically Dudley," Calla whispered, jaw dropping open.Uncle Moony passed down the stairs a few moments later, and came to kneel beside them in front of the tree. "Right," he said. "Who's up first?""Open what we got you!" Calla pleaded, bouncing up and down enthusiastically. Uncle Moony chuckled and reached for the rather expertly wrapped present, if the twins did say so themselves.He smiled when he unwrapped the two books, saying that he'd been wanting that specific edition of Fantastic Beasts for ages, and he was sure that the book on dark creatures would be really interesting. To Calla's mild irritation, his favourite gift seemed to be the dragon hide gloves that Harry had picked out, and he thanked them both with warm embraces, before picking out the gifts at the top of the twins' piles."Here," he said, handing one each to Harry and Calla. "I hope you both like them."With exchanged excited glances, Calla and Harry opened their packages, Calla grinning when she saw what Uncle Moony had bought for her. A full set of coloured inks, watercolours, and acrylics that claimed to 'move with your brush' lay before her, complete with brushes and quills. "Uncle Moony, this is amazing!" she cried, setting it aside carefully and engulfing her godfather in a massive hug. "You shouldn't have!""Oh, it's no problem, Calla," he said softly, returning the hug with a grin. "I thought you'd like it.""I love it!" Calla cried. "Thank you!"She pulled away from her godfather and turned to Harry, who was staring transfixed at his gift. "What'd you get, Harry?" Calla asked, peering over his shoulder."It's Quidditch Through the Ages!" Harry exclaimed, though it looked like a lot more than just a book to Calla. "With a full behind the scenes of the Quidditch World Cups the 20th Century, and interviews with all of the teams, and look - Gwenog Jones from the Holyhead Harpies did a commentary on it! Ah, and a full set of practice snitches: Oh, Calla, you have to try this out with me later!"She stared at him. "That's great," Calla said weakly, for it did sound like the perfect gift for Harry. "But there's no way I'm getting up on a broom with you."Harry huffed, while Uncle Moony stifled his own chuckle, eyes bright. "I'm glad you both like your presents," he chuckled. "Now, you seem to both be rather popular with your classmates, so why don't you open the rest of your presents?"By the end of it, Calla was more than shocked by the extent of her haul. Harry had gotten her, as predicted, a book, which was about Charms and how it linked to other areas of Magic, and she tried to not consider the dig at her less than stellar magical abilities. He'd also gotten her a sketchbook with a picture of many moving people waving paintbrushes and brandishing pencils like swords, smiling at her through the page. From Hermione, Calla had received a book about Famous Potions Masters, which she set aside for reading later. Ron had sent a package full of sweets, including Calla's favourite chocolate frogs, to the twins to share, and Padma had given them each an assortment of interesting books. There wasn't anything from Daphne, and Calla found herself disheartened for a moment about the lack of gifts from her friend."Nothing from Daphne," Harry commented, and Calla glared at him."No, there isn't," she said shortly, crossing her arms. Under the tree, something caught her eye. "Hang on, there's still something under there."For a fleeting moment, Calla found herself hoping it was from Daphne, but from a glance at the name tag, it clearly wasn't. "Your father left this in my posssssion before he died," Harry read, and Calla heard Uncle Moony inhale sharply. "I thought you two ought to have it back. Use it well." He frowned."Use it Well?" Calla echoes, confused. She turned to Uncle Moony, whi gestured for them to proceed in unwrapping it.Carefully, Harry opened the present, revealing a silky fabric that was almost invisible as it floated over him. "What the-""An invisibility cloak," Uncle Moony said breathlessly. "That's - that was your father's invisibility cloak." Calla could have sworn she saw a wistful smile tugging on his lips. "We had a lot of memories with that thing. I suppose it's only right that it is passed on to you two." He grinned. "Go on, then. Try it on."With thrilled glances at one another, the twins pulled the cloak snugly around the both of them, finding that it was just large enough. "We're invisible!" Harry cried, and Calla stared at him."That's why it's called an invisibility cloak, dummy," Calla huffed, but she was smiling as she spoke. She decided then, that this had to be the greatest Christmas ever; her and Harry and Uncle Moony, a proper little family. And when Harry dragged her outside with Uncle Moony's old Cleansweep, she didn't even protest at flying around with him a few feet off the ground, and for a moment could forget her fears.

January 10thBy the time that Harry and Calla returned to Hogwarts, they had stuffed themselves full of sweets, turkey, and ice cream. Calla almost didn't want to go back to school - but that was more to do with having to face Daphne Greengrass than anything. She'd be lying if she said she wasn't marginally disappointed by the lack of presents from Daphne, or by the lack of thanks from her that was just customary in these circumstances.The first time that Calla got to see Daphne after the holidays was at dinner after they all got back, after she and Padma had split from the Gryffindors. "Evening, Daphne," Padma chirped, though Calla noticed the wary look in her eyes as the Greengrass girl turned her haughty gaze towards them. Calla had been expecting her to perhaps play nice, to apologise or explain herself or something - at least make herself look apologetic. But all she did was glare. The two girls exchanged glances at their pale friend. "Have a nice holiday?"Daphne sniffed at her, sneering before she turned away towards Lisa Turpin, and began talking about the Charms homework they'd been given over the holidays.Calla pouted in frustration. "I don't think she wants to talk to us," Calla huffed, crossing her arms and laying her head down on the table. "I should have known.""Maybe you should try privately?" Padma suggested. "She might not want to talk about it in front of everyone, if there's something bothering her.""You know, I don't appreciate when people talk about me behind my back," Daphne sneered at them, eyes cold. "It's rude.""Daphne, we were just worried about you," Padma said quietly, Brown eyes wide."I'm sure you were," Daphne huffed, looking down her nose at Padma. "But I'm afraid I don't like it when half bloods consort with me."Padma's face contorted with anger and she stood up abruptly - indeed, Calla felt that familiar spark of anger too. "What did you just say?" she hissed, face stonier than Calla had ever seen. "You know, we thought you were our friend, Greengrass. I suppose we were wrong."With that, Padma stormed out, drawing the attention of almost everyone in the Great Hall. Eyes wide, Calla looked at Daphne and could have sworn that there was a flicker of remorse within them. Some part of her wanted to reach out to Daphne and make sure that she was okay - there had to be something wrong for her to act like that - but she pushed it away. Daphne had just insulted Padma, and hurt her quite badly. Friends didn't do that to each other.Calla looked up to look at Dumbledore, who was eyeing her carefully, as though debating what to do next. "You know what, Daphne?" she hissed. "If something's wrong, you could tell us. But don't insult Padma like that."Mustering the worst - albeit rather feeble - glare she could, Calla turned around and followed Padma out of the Great Hall, rushing to comfort her friend.She found Padma sitting by the edge of the Entrance Hall, sobbing quietly. "Padma?" she asked in a soft voice, taking a step closer. "Look, don't listen to Daphne, she's just being mean.""It's not that," Padma sobbed. "It's just... I thought I'd found friends here. When Parvati and I were sorted into different houses, I thought my world was about to end. Then I made friends with you guys and it was all okay, but then Daphne doesn't seem to like us anymore and let's be honest, I don't talk to Hermione or the boys as much as I talk to you two, do I? And I - I don't want to lose you.""You're not going to lose me," Calla said firmly. "I know how you feel, Padma. Harry and I only ever had each other, and now we're separated, I have to admit it is hard. But it's okay, because I've got you and I've still got him, and Hermione and Ron, and we all like you. I'm sure Parvati misses you, too. You just need to reach out to her.""I know," Padma said, sniffing as she dried her tears with the sleeve of her robes. "It's just hard. I'm scared... I'm scared that if I do reach out to her, that she might not want me to.""She will," Calla said. "Trust me, Padma. And if she doesn't, I'll set Hermione on her."Padma snorted. "Yes, I'm sure Hermione'll set her right, won't she?""See?" Calla said, grinning. "You're smiling again already.""Suppose I am," Padma giggled. "D'you reckon we could go back inside now?""If you want to," Calla said, offering out her hand and hauling Padma up to her feet. "Don't worry: it'll all work out in the end."xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxFebruary 10thWith the beginning of February came the Gryffindor v Hufflepuff match, more anticipated throughout the school than Calla had imagined it to be. Since Hufflepuff's team was, to put it plainly, quite awful, and Harry was one of the best Seekers Gryffindor has ever had, they were almost a shoe in for the Quidditch Cup. If they beat Hufflepuff - which they would - they'd only have to go through Ravenclaw, and much as Calla hated to admit it, that was almost definite.On the Saturday morning when the Quidditch match dawned, Daphne still hadn't spoken properly to either Calla or Padma, or indeed any of their small friend group. Instead she'd been consorting more with her pureblood peers in Slytherin, and while Calla didn't particularly dislike any of them except Parkinson and Malfoy, she missed her friend who got excited over Potions and wore eccentric clothes perfectly. Even in the dormitory at night, she never so much as looked at Calla or Padma, and the former found herself wondering what on earth she'd done wrong."Morning," she greeted Harry glumly, plopping into a seat beside him at the Gryffindor table."What's up with you?" Ron asked, wrinkling his nose in confusion."Padma's off studying with Izzy and Sue," Calla huffed. "Daphne's still not talking to me, and everyone else is sleeping. Quite frankly, you're my last resort.""Gee, thanks, Cal," Harry laughed, and elbowed her softly in the ribs."Have you heard, Calla?" Ron asked in an unnecessary conspiratal tone. "Snape's the referee.""I know," Calla shrugged, analysing their reactions. Of course, they all looked rather surprised. "You don't still think he's trying to do Harry in, so you?""I think it's entirely possible," Hermione said, glaring at Calla. "What other reason could he have for refereeing?""Maybe Madame Hooch is ill and he wants to do his bit for the school?" Calla suggested. She was really getting tired of her Gryffindor friends jumping to conclusions without any real substantial evidence. She knew their hearts were in the right place, but their heads certainly weren't. "We don't have any evidence that he'll actually hurt Harry.""Even if he doesn't," Ron said, "he's still going to be biased towards Slytherin, he won't let Gryffindor get away with anything!""If Gryffindor keeps to the rules, that shouldn't be a problem," Calla replied coolly. She saw Zacharias Smith come in with Hannah Abbott and Susan Bones, both looking nervous after Hufflepuff's narrow defeat to Ravenclaw in December. "Good luck if I don't see you beforehand, Harry."She stood up and moved along, greeting the three newly arrived Hufflepuffs. "Hi, Calla," Zacharias said, smiling at her. "Ready to see your brother humiliated by the Hufflepuff Seeker?""Sure, let's go with that," Calla laughed. "Are you excited for the game?"Zach made a face. "Would be better if Snape wasn't refereeing. He'll ruin the whole game with his bloody anti-Gryffindor... silliness.""You do realise he'll probably let Hufflepuff win, right?" Calla asked, confused by Zach's reasoning."Yeah, but it won't be fair," Hannah Abbot said, rolling her eyes. "So there wouldn't be much point.""Not that we'll even need Snape's prejudice," Susan said, grinning. "We could even take Ravenclaw on by now.""I'm sure you could, Susan," Calla giggled. "Look, Anthony and Terry have just sat down, I'm going to go see them. Have fun at the match!"Calla skipped back to her own table, sitting down between Anthony and a second year girl, helping herself to toast. "Are you two going to watch the match?" she asked, biting into a sliced of heavily buttered toast.Anthony nodded, mouth full. "Snape's refereeing," Terry said. "Should be fun to watch. Personally, I'm rooting for Hufflepuff, it'll give us a leg up in the Quidditch Cup this year.""True," Calla admitted. "But I still have to root for Harry, I suppose.""So we can see," Anthony said, nodding at her scarlet headband and Gryffindor scarf."I'm being supportive," Calla I formed him. "But when they go up against us, I'll be entirely blue from head to toe, guaranteed.""Glad to hear it," Terry laughed.When they finally finished eating and traipsed down to the stands, Ron and Hermione were waiting already, alongside Neville Longbottom. "Still think Snape's on an anti-Gryffindor campaign with this?" Calla asked as cheerily as if she was asking their opinion on the weather."He's probably going to sabotage the entire match," Ron said, sounding very doom and gloom."He looks like he'd rather have wrestled that troll than be on that broom," Terry observed, and Calla nodded."Exactly. Do you think he's going to try and murder my brother?""If he wants to get sent to Azkaban, then sure," Anthony shrugged, smirking. Calla had learnt a bit about the Wizarding prison, Azkaban, from Padma and Isobel, and from what she'd heard it was one of the worst places in the world. Though Snape was far from her favourite teacher, she shuddered to think of anyone in that place, full of darkness and depression and dementors as Isobel had called them."Well, it's the only explanation for what happened," Hermione told him shortly, and the boys looked at Calla expectantly."She set Snape's robes on fire," Calla said, and they both gaped."You're mental," Terry informed Hermione in a matter of fact way. "Are all Gryffindors like you?""Would that necessarily be a bad thing?" Ron asked, scowling."No," Terry said. "I mean, I'm sure some could do with being a bit smarter than they already are, but you're all a bit headstrong aren't you? I wouldn't risk getting in trouble for setting a teacher's robes on fire that's for sure, unless it was a literal matter of life and death.""It very well could have been," Hermione told him. "He was jinxing Harry's broom.""We don't know that for sure," Calla protested, but Hermione and Ron both glared at her and she gave in. There was no use trying to reason with them right now, especially when they were so tense about the match.Five minutes in, the Gryffindors didn't seem to understand the reason why Snape was refereeing and the best way to stop him from taking points from them: sticking to the rules. Out of pure irritation, the Weasley twins had sent more than two bludgers at Snape, and Hufflepuff had been awarded multiple penalties for their mistakes. Calla was really hoping that Harry caught the Snitch soon, before the Gryffindor team could be punished any further. "This is awful," Ron groaned, staring the obvious."Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time?" came Draco Malfoy's drawling voice, and all seven of them groaned. Calla twisted in her seat to see the blond haired arse, accompanied not only by Crabbe and Goyle, but also Daphne and Pansy Parkinson.Daphne shot Calla an almost apologetic look that was soon covered up with a sneer, and Calla frowned. None of this made any sense. "What about you, Potter Two? I reckon your brother might break his neck this time.""Shut up, Malfoy," Ron hissed, as Calla shrank back and glared at the blond."I wonder how they do get people on the Gryffindor Quidditch Team. I reckon they do it out of pity. First there's Potter who's got no parents-" Calla gritted her teeth, resisting the unexpected urge to smack Malfoy across the head. "Then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money." Ron growled at Malfoy, about to lunge. "Hey, maybe they should put Longbottom on the team - he's got no brains."To Calla's horror and surprise, both Ron and Neville lunged for Malfoy, tackling him to the ground. "Ron!" Calla cried, trying to drag the ginger boy off of Malfoy. "Neville! Oh, come on! Get off of him!"Truthfully, she would have loved to take out a nice bit anger on Malfoy herself, but there was a time and a place, and now was not either of those. Of course, Malfoy didn't help matters by fighting back, getting Crabbe and Goyle involved too."What, Potter?" Parkinson sneered. "Just going to stand by? I always thought you were a wimp. Too bad your parents weren't around to teach you any better.""Leave Calla out of this, Parkinson," Hermione said, leaping to Calla's defense. "She's not a wimp, and at least she's a nice person, unlike you."Parkinson might have retorted were it not for Malfoy reaching out and grabbing her by the hem of her robes and she went toppling to the ground seconds before Terry swung at her. "Terry!" Hermione cried, clearly still greatly offended by the violence that surrounded her. "Look, all of you, just stop it! What if something happens to Harry and we don't see it?"That tore Calla's attention away from the fight and towards her brother, just in time for her to see him diving through the air. She couldn't quite see, but she was almost certain he had spotte the Snitch.Sure enough, only a few moments later, Lee Jordan announced his capture, and Gryffindor's subsequent win, and the stands were in uproar. By this time, the boys and Parkinson had ceased their fighting due to intervention that came mostly from Anthony, though he later swore that Daphne had helped. The Slytherins and Greengrass had cleared off while the Gryffindors and Ravenclaws rushed to congratulate Harry on his win, Calla trying to forget the look on Daphne's face when Parkinson had insulted her.xxxxFebruary 28thCalla had yet another detention with Snape. Though he was coming around to her finally, she'd accidentally spilled a tub of bezoars on the floor, which in Snape's mind clearly warranted three hours of scrubbing cauldrons.She sighed deeply when her trek to the dungeons ended, and she knocked on Snape's door. "Professor?" she called out, curious when there was no reply. "Professor Snape? It's Calla Potter. I believe I have a detention?"Chancing her luck, Calla edged the door open just in time to see a swirl of black robes. "Don't come in," Professor Snape hissed, face pale and drained of colour. "Your detention is cancelled."Before Calla could respond to that, the door was slammed shut in her face and she heard the clicking of a lock. Looked like she'd just trekked all the way down there for nothing, then. Groaning, Calla began her ascent back up to Ravenclaw Tower, legs still sore from her journey down.After a few minutes of tedious journeying, Calla was still in a bad mood, and almost cursed at the Weasley twins when they crashed into her."Ah!" cried Fred. "Calla Potter, just the girl we were looking for!""You were?" she asked, frowning. Ron was Harry's best friend, but she'd barely spoken to the twins."Of course! Come, walk with us.""Ravenclaw Tower's the opposite direction, so I really-""Nonsense," George said. "Ravenclaw Tower's any direction if you try hard enough. Walk."She did as she was told, mildly frustrated with the twins, and confused as to why they were talking to her. "Why do you want to talk to me?" she huffed, glancing at her fingernails. They were dirty from Potions - she had to clean them once she got back. Though at this rate, that would be about a week away."Well, you see," Fred began."We overheard Ickle Ronniekins talking to your brother and Granger,""About some Invisibility Cloak that he got for Christmas,""Said it used to be your dad's,""But that wasn't the important part,""Oh no, the most important part was the mention of your 'Uncle Moony',""Who's your godfather, right?""Anyways, it got us thinking,""Because we have this map,""Ad there's four names on it,""And one of them was Moony,""And well, we're not as stupid as we look, so we put two and together,""So here."Fred thrust a blank piece of parchment under Calla's nose, and she frowned at it. Was this some kind of lame prank, because it didn't make much sense at all. "Right," Calla said slowly. "I appreciate the offer, you two, but I don't really get it.""So your godfather isn't referred to as Moony?" George asked, confused."No, he is," Calla said. "I just don't see what a blank piece of parchment has to do with anything.""Say something to it," Fred said, grinning. "And Tao it with your wand."She tried the only thing she could think of, tapping the parchment with her wand. "Alohamora?"Ink spread across the paper. "Property of Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs." She gasped, not quite expecting that to happen. "Mr Wormtail would like to ask who is trying to open this? Mr Moony would like to ask why one is trying to open this, and if it's Filch to buffer off." Calla snorted. This was far from being like her godfather, but then again... "Mr Padfoot would like to enquiry as to why anyone would think this map could be opened by Alohamora. Mr Prongs would like to add that if it is Filch reading this, he shares Mr Moony's sentiments, and would like to know when Mrs Norris is doing the rounds tonight.""This is Calla Potter," Calla said, after a confused glance at the twins. To her surprise, the ink didn't write immediately. Instead, it was left blank until only one comment appeared. "Mr Prongs would like to invite Calla Potter to swear, as solemnly as possible, that she is up to no good.""Say it," Fred Weasley hissed, grinning like a maniac. Clearly, this was all very exciting for him. "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good."She looked back at the parchment in confusion. "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good."The previous ink disappeared, to be replaced with swirling maroon shapes and diagrams and names which moved about on the parchment. "The Marauder's Map," George said with a proud smirk. "Discovered it about a year and a half ago. Figure it could be of use to you.@"Me?" Calla asked. "Why?""Family heirloom, perhaps?" Fred suggested. "Consider it a late Christmas present from us. We'd love if you used it for a nice prank on some Slytherins - preferably Malfoy - but it's up to you. Just let this Moony fellow know that he's an absolute legend, and all those others need to meet up with us, Alright?""Un..." Calla began, still confused. There were names shifting about on the map, but she only paid attention to Harry, who she found in the Gryffindor common room with Hermione and Ron. "Thanks?""Any time," Fred said with a wink. "And remember, once you're done, tap it once and say 'Mischief Managed'. Got it?""Got it," Calla said, still uncertain as the Weasley boys disappeared round a corner. Great, she thought. Now she had to find her way back to the tower herself. Still, at least she had a weird map to help her, right?

March 20thIt had taken Calla some time, but she was finally working out how to use the map. She'd written to Uncle Moony the night that the twins had given it to her, and his response had been elated, telling her how they did it and their favourite passages to use, and how Prongs was (as Calla had suspected) James Potter himself. She hadn't shared the map with Harry yet, some selfish part of her wanting to keep it to herself, the one true connection she had to their dad outside of her godfather.On a crisp Saturday morning, Calla lay across her bed in the Ravenclaw dormitory alone, pouring over the map. Padma had gone with Isobel and Sue to work out exactly where the Giant Squid in the Black Lake lived, while Lisa and Mandy were studying with the boys, and Daphne was, from the looks of the map, in the library with Malfoy and Parkinson. She'd had been invited to join Padma investigating the squid, but had decided against it - large bodies of water were far from her favourite thing in the world. She remembered one time when she and Harry were younger, the Dursleys had been forced to take them out on a picnic to the park, and Dudley had pushed her in the lake. Calla had never been taught how to swim, and had flailed around for ages while Harry shrieked, until the Dursleys had to rescue her for fear of being judged for the neglect and abuse which they had continued for the last ten years. She'd never told anybody about this of course, other than Uncle Moony, but she'd had to decline Padma's invitation.Besides, Harry, Hermione, and Ron were in the library right now, and she was considering going to join them when there was a sharp tap at her window. Moony had arrived, with another letter from Calla's godfather clasped in her beak."Hello, girl," she cooed, letting the owl inside. "Have you got something for me?" Moony gave a hoot of pride as Calla took the letter, trading it for a handful of owl treats.Dear Calla, it readI suppose I should say I hope you're not using the map for any mischief, but quite frankly, that was its purpose all along. As you should know, you only have around ten weeks until your end of her exams begin. While I'm sure I don't have to remind you to study for these, it certainly wouldn't hurt to tell that brother of yours, and get your friend Hermione to remind him, too: she sounds sensible.Harry wrote me recently, asking about a Mr Nicholas Flamel. I have to say, I don't know why you both are interested in alchemy all of a sudden, but if you can't find it in any books then I suppose I ought to tell you myself. Nicholas Flamel was a renowned alchemist, both in our world and the Muggle world, though of course muggles do not know the full extent of his power. He is the sole creator of the Philosopher's Stone, which you may recognise from some old fairytales and folklore; indeed, his work and the work of other alchemists is viewed as being the foundation of modern day Chemistry. The Philosopher's Stone, in short, can not only create gold (which is what most Muggle alchemists sought to achieve) but may also produce the Elixir of Life, granting immortality to the drinker for as long as they continue to take the potion.I have written all of this to Harry, too, but I think you ought to have the information too, just in case. I know what Harry's like, he may forget some of his facts. If you want to learn more, I'm sure Madam Pince will have plenty books to recommend to you, and I hope whatever project this contributes to goes well. Keep revising!All my love,Uncle MoonyCalla smiled to herself. Elixir of Life? Gold? If this Philosopher's Stone really was what Uncle Moony said it was, it could be extremely powerful... and extremely dangerous. Clearly, someone was after it, and for good reason too, if it was so powerful. And Dumbledore must suspect it, otherwise he wouldn't have gone to so much effort to keep it safe. After all, hadn't Hagrid said that Hogwarts was one of the safest places in the world?Dumbledore obviously suspected someone, but he didn't suspect Snape. If he had, then why would he have it somewhere that Snape, or any teacher really, could access? Calla was confused. She had to tell her brother about this recent revelation, and glanced at the map, seeing that he was now outside, looking like he was on his way to Hagrid's hut with Ron and Hermione."Mischief Managed," Calla whispered, stuffing the map into her bag alongside her letter and bounding out of the dormitory, rushing along the corridors and out the door.She leapt over rocks and slippery patches of moss, rushing to stop at Hagrid's hut. She knocked on the door three times, and stood back, biting her lip. No sooner had Hagrid opened the door than she'd flung herself inside. "I know about the Philosopher's Stone!" she said cheerfully, and the three Gryffindors stared at her. "And I know that there's no way Snape's trying to steal it!""What?" Ron asked, confused. "Harry, I thought you hadn't gotten a letter back yet?""Nope, but I did," Calla said cheerfully. "I know what it is, and Harry will get a letter soon enough too, but the point is, I know it's safe.""See?" Hagrid said. "I told yeh so. Snape was never trying to steal the stone.""But Calla, how can you know that?" Hermione asked. "All the evidence points to Snape.""There is no evidence!" Calla cried. "First of all, we have no proof that Snape was actually jinxing Harry's broom. Yes, Snape was limping on Halloween - did it occur to you that maybe the troll had seen him at some point, or maybe they'd been running to find it and he'd gotten hurt? Even if he was with Fluffy, maybe he was protecting it, too, just in case something did happen. And Dumbledore trusts Snape, and I trust Dumbledore's judgment. He wouldn't have moved the stone here if there was someone in the castle trying to steal it, would he?""Maybe he doesn't know?" Ron suggested."Dumbledore knows everything that happens in this castle," Calla said, sitting down between Harry and Hermione. "Case closed."The Gryffindors all stared at her for a moment before Harry spoke up. "Well, I trust Calla's brain. If you don't think Snape's trying to steal it, neither do I.""Thank you, Harry," Calla said, grinning. "Of course, there is the chance someone else is trying to find it, but I still think that's highly unlikely. We should stay out of it."Reluctantly, Harry nodded, and Ron and Hermione exchanged meaningful glances. "But, Calla, I still think we should be on alert to try and stop anything happening to it.""Why should we?" Calla argued, quite frankly bored of Hermione's perplexing sense of duty. "We're eleven, it isn't our job to protect the stone. I'm sure whatever measures Dumbledore's put in place will be sufficient.""Exactly," Hagrid said in a gruff voice. "Now, are you all going to listen to Calla and forget about this nonsense?""Fine," Ron huffed, though his disgruntled expression told Calla that he definitely didn't see this as 'fine', but rather a submission to whatever mysterious evil plot Snape had concocted."Could we open a window in here, Hagrid?" Calla asked, shrugging off her jacket. "I'm boiling.""Fraid not, Calla," Hagrid said, and she noticed the nervous way in which he looked over at the fireplace."Hagrid, is that a dragon egg?" Ron asked, eyes blown wide in excitement."Ah, well-" Hagrid scratched his beard nervously."How did you get it? It must have cost a bloody fortune!""Won it," Hagrid said proudly. "Off an Irish fella down the pub.""But what are you going to do with it?" Harry asked, staring at him. "Are you even allowed a dragon.""Ah well," Hagrid looked down. "I'll care for it. Been doing some reading, you see."Clearly, Hermione and Calla had been thinking along the same lines. "Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," Hermione said, sounding as though she thought it was obvious. Which, to be fair, it was."Dragons breathe fire," Calla added, but Hagrid didn't seem to care, humming merrily as he stoked the fire.xxxxxxxxOn the trek up to the castle, Harry finally deigned to tell Calla what she thought was a rather important piece of information. Apparently he and Ron had been near the staff room when they'd heard voices and hidden. Calla really did hate it, but the 'evidence' they gave did suggest at first that Snape was involved with the stone.According to Harry, he'd been threatening Quirrel, asking about how long Quirrel would keep the stone protected and how Snape was going to make him give in eventually, which quite frankly terrified Calla."If Quirrel's guarding if, the stone will be gone by next week," Ron had said, and Calla had glared at him. Something about it all simply wasn't adding up, but Ron and Hermione at least were still adamant about Snape's part, and Harry may be swayed, even if Calla hated the prospect.Yet something nagged at the back of her mind, not quite resurfacing, but near enough to it that Calla was maddened, trying to figure it out.xxxxxxxxMarch 31stThe quartet had visited Hagrid numerous times in the following days, often accompanied by Padma, trying to talk him out of the dragon hatching, but to no avail. He was adamant on raising this dragon - a Norwegian Ridgeback, he'd told Calla it was called - even though it was a clear health and safety violation, and he could get in masses of trouble not only from Dumbledore, but the Ministry of Magic itself.On a Thursday evening, while sitting in the Great Hall, a small owl dove down in front of Calla. She quickly untied the piece of parchment hanging from its leg. "It's hatching," was all it said. Calla showed it to Padma and they made hasty excuses, rushing down towards Hagrid's hut, Harry, Ron and Hermione following closely behind.Hagrid ushered them all inside hurriedly, casting a furtive glance outside to make sure they hadn't been followed before he slammed the door closed. "Quickly now," he said. "It's ready to come out."The six of them huddled around the fire, Calla closest to the egg and stroking it gently. A little crack spread along it and she gasped. "Come on now," she cooed. "Just a little bit more and you'll be ready to join the world.""Careful, Cal," Harry said. "If it comes out I don't want it to bite you.""You won't bite me, will you?" Calla cooed to the egg, just as a round head popped out. Wide yellow eyes stared at her and she gasped in excitement. "Oh, it's beautiful. Hagrid, come see!"The others moved out the way to let Hagrid stroke the little dragon's head. "Aw, it's lovely," he sobbed, as the dragon came out in its full form, bounding over to him. "Aw bless him, he knows his mummy."The dragon snorted and left out an adorable little puff of smoke, as Calla cooed at it in excitement. Hermione, on the other hand, yelped with fright."Hagrid, that thing could set your house on fire," Padma said, but neither Hagrid or Calla particularly cared. The dragon was dangerous yes, but right now it was adorable, and clearly Hagrid agreed."There's no point," Hermione said briskly. "Clearly, they're both too far gone."Just then, Calla looked up, in time to see a pale face looking through the curtains. "Oi!" Ron shouted, clearly seeing him too. "Was that-""Malfoy," Harry agreed grimly, and Hagrid's face paled."Lucius Malfoy's son?" he asked worriedly. "Do you think he saw anything?"Padma nodded. "I think he saw everything."xxxApril 7th"We have to do something about it," Ron said as they traipsed back up to the castle after yet another visit to the dragon, whom Hagrid had recently christened Norbert. "Hagrid can't keep him.""Someone will find out eventually," Hermione agreed, and Padma nodded."But Hagrid will be worried about little Norbert," Calla protested. "He can't just be left to fend for himself - he might get hurt.""Cal, I appreciate that you think Norbert's cute, but he's dangerous, and Hagrid could get in serious trouble for having him if anybody else finds out. And Malfoy already does.""To hell with Malfoy," Ron muttered. "Look, my brother Charlie works with dragons. He could be sent there.""But that's in Romania!" Calla said. "That's too far away.""Would you rather Hagrid lost his job and got his house blown to pieces?" Ron shouted, and Padma hissed at him to keep his voice down."No!" Calla argued hotly. "But there have to be closer options!""Well, there aren't," Ron said. "I'll write to Charlie."Calla scowled, scuffing her shoes off of the mossy ground. "Fine."xxxApril 10thIt had, inevitably, gone wrong. Ron had allowed himself to be bitten by Norbert, and while Madam Pomfrey had thankfully not questioned his injury, Draco Malfoy had come into the hospital wing and borrowed one of Ron's books. Coincidentally, it was the book in which Ron had stuffed the letter from his brother, detailing exactly when and how Norbert was to be collected.They'd decided that there wasn't time to go write back to Charlie Weasley to tell him not to come, and at a quarter to midnight, Calla and Padma woke one another up, getting ready to go out."I told Harry we'd meet him and Hermione outside the common room," Calla whispered. "They'll be here any second now.""Okay," Padma replied groggily, yawning as Calla stuffed the Marauder's Map in her pocket, just in case she needed it."You two aren't really going out, are you?"Calla almost jumped out of her skin at the sound of Daphne's voice. "Daphne?" Padma hissed. "What the hell are you doing up?""Stopping you two from making a mistake," she said crossly. "Look, I know what Malfoy's up to, hes going to try and get you into trouble. Please, I don't want you two getting into trouble. Don't go, please.""Why do you care?" Padma asked, glaring at Daphne. "You're not our friend anymore."For a second, hurt flickered across Daphne's delicate features, before her stony expression returned. "Fine, then," she huffed. "Get in trouble, see if I care."With a glance of confirmation, the two Ravenclaw girls left the dormitory, peering out into the corridor outside the common room. "Cal," came Harry's voice in whisper. "Quickly."The two bustled over to him, and after they had managed to pry Norbert away from Hagrid, rushed up to the astronomy tower for midnight. While Padma, Hermione and Harry said their farewells to the little dragon, Calla but back her own tears and kissed Norbert softly on the forehead, before turning away into seclusion so she could check her map. Most people were in their dorms, however her eyes soon fell on Professor Quirrel's name around the third floor corridor. She frowned, curiosity making her wonder what on Earth he was doing there, and placing some doubts in her mind about his intentions, before she noticed another three names.Draco Malfoy, Neville Longbottom, and Minerva McGonagall were all clustered in a corridor, and moving towards the Astronomy Tower. Calla held back a curse."We've got to move quickly," she told the others. "Come on, Harry, Hermione, Padma."Charlie's friends waved them off with a smile and took Norbert away, as the four students hurried back down the stairs, Calla holding onto the map for dear life. It was only when they reached the bottom of the stairs that fear sunk in. "Harry," she hissed. "The cloak."In all the hurry, they'd forgotten it at the top of the tower, but footsteps were fast approaching. "Mischief Managed," Calla hissed weakly, stuffing the map in her pocket."I told you, Mr Malfoy, if you are making this up!" came Professor McGonagall's voice, just as she rounded the corner and stared at them.Calla knew they weren't getting out of this one, and of course Harry had left the cloak behind. Of course he'd been careless and gotten them all into trouble.xxxxx"I wonder," Professor McGonagall said sternly, tapping her foot on the ground. She was angrier than Calla had ever seen her, and the undiluted fury on her face made Calla almost sob. Unless she could think fast, they were going to be in a boatload of trouble. The problem was, she had no idea how much Malfoy had told McGonagall. "I wonder how any student would think themselves so above the rules as to sneak out of bed after hours - and at midnight, no less! Pray tell, why exactly were your intentions."Just then, Professor Flitwick entered the room, casting a brief smile at McGonagall before looking at his students, seeming more disappointed than angry."Well, Miss Potter?" McGonagall asked, raising an eyebrow."You see, Professor," Calla said, and it didn't take much effort to put on a sad face. "Harry and I, well, we were rather stressed, What with exams and everything that has been going on. This whole world is rather new to us, you see, and it's all just a bit overwhelming, especially when we found out the truth of what happened to our parents, and I suppose I was just feeling very over-emotional tonight. Padma and Hermione came with us, they didn't want us wandering about on my own and figured that in the - quite embarrassingly - emotional state I was in, I might not be able to answer the riddle to get back into the common room, and Hermione was just looking out for Harry." She looked down, cheeks flaming. It wasn't quite a lie, of course. More than once, she had been for a walk with Harry under the Invisibikity Cloak, but this time someone had found her. "I know it was probably silly of me, and I'm sorry. But really, don't blame Harry or Padma or Hermione, or Neville, I'm sure he was only looking out for Harry when he left. It's all my fault, really.""That's such a lie," Malfoy spat. "You were smuggling a dragon!"Clearly catching onto Calla's plan, Harry faked a laugh. "Don't you know Calla's scared of dragons?" he asked. "Honestly, Malfoy, at least check your facts.""That's enough," Professor McGonagall said quietly. "Miss Potter, I entirely understand your feeling, but even so, sneaking out of your dorms at night is against the rules.""I know, Professor," Calla said abashedly. "I'm sorry, it was silly of me, and I wasn't thinking. I should never have snuck out, and I'm so sorry that I dragged poor Neville into this, that was never meant to happen." That was all true. It was, in hindsight, not a great idea to sneak out - or to have left the Invisibility Cloak - and she did feel awful that Neville had gotten dragged into this mess."Be That as it may, you understand you must all be punished?" Professor McGonagall asked, peering over her glasses. "For my students and Mr Malfoy, I believe fifty points and a detention should suffice.""What?" Harry asked, scandalised."Each," McGonagall said, glaring at him. "Filius?""Well," Professor Flitwick squeaked. "I think there are certain circumstances we ought to take into consideration. Yes, yes." He stared at Padma and Calla for a moment in contemplation. "Yes, I think twenty points from Ravenclaw and a detention each. Because of the circumstances, of course, it is unfair to punish Miss Potter for her emotions, especially after what she's been through, and Miss Patil was clearly being a supportive friends, something we can all admire.""Thank you, Professor," Calla mumbled, while Harry stared at her slack jawed."You are all dismissed," McGonagall said, looking sternly at Flitwick. "See that you are not caught gain.""How did you get away with that?" Harry huffed once they were out of earshot of the teachers. "You got off Scot-free just about! It's so unfair!""You got off Scot-free for flying," Calla pointed out. Actually, worse than Scot-free: he'd been rewarded, and quite frankly he hadn't deserved it. He hadn't deserved for her to just cover for him - she had a feeling his punishment would have been far worse if she hadn't made up that story. But did she get a thank you? No. "And it's different anyway. You get away with things because you're lucky and you're the boy-who-lived. I get away with things because I'm smart."And with that, she turned away towards Ravenclaw Tower with Padma.Sorry if this chapter kind of dragged on a bit. I don't really want to essentially repeat the plot of the books, because I feel that wouldn't be very entertaining, and as such I am trying to divert from the actual events where possible, while also not going into minute details that everyone already knows. We're readily coming to the end of the Philosopher's Stone, and hopefully we'll get to Chamber of Secrets about the end of January. Updates will be less frequent for the next month or so, as I have my mock exams in the new year and I will be focusing most of my energies on revising for those. I'm also not sure if I'll be able to update next Sunday due to it being Christmastime, but I will try.If I don't update before, have a very merry Christmas to anyone who celebrates it, a Happy Hanukkah to anyone who celebrates that, and Happy Holidays to everybody else! :)

April 19thBy morning, the news of the missing house points had spread throughout the school, with various accounts rushing about. One that made Calla laugh particularly was that she and her brother had been off fighting Death Eaters on the backs of dragons, dragging Neville, Padma, Hermione and Malfoy along for the ride. To her relief, most of the Ravenclaws hadn't taken it to badly, with only twenty points lost for their house, and those who were irritated by it seemed to lighten up after hearing Calla's sob story.Some part of her had expected her house - said to be the most rule abiding - to be incredibly annoyed with her and Padma's flouting of the rule, before she realised what she and quite frankly most people had forgotten: keeping to the rules wasn't actually one of Ravenclaw's traits. Intelligent? Sure. Creative? Check. Unique? Of course. But goody two shoes? Not really.As a matter of fact, it seemed to be the Gryffindors who were most annoyed by the loss of points. The combined one hundred and fifty points loss had meant that Gryffindor were now bottom of the running for the house cup, and Harry, Hermione and Neville were effectively exiled, only Ron speaking to any of them. Malfoy, on the other hand, was having a jolly time of it, telling all the frustrated Slytherins about how it was all Harry's fault, and earning back all his house points form Snape in Potions. Typical, Calla thought. None of them would have been in this predicament if he hadn't opened his fat mouth.To Calla's surprise, Daphne sat beside her at dinner, smiling as though nothing had happened. "Morning, Potter, Patil," she chirped. "I see you didn't listen to me?" She grabbed an apple before continuing. "Still, word has it Calla wormed her way out of the mess alright. Nice one:""Thanks," Calla said faintly, staring at her."Any time. Heard your brother's been excommunicated by Gryffindor house - reckon you should talk to him. From what I've heard, he could use some sisterly support right now.""We wouldn't have been in any mess if he hadn't stupidly left the invisibikity cloak behind," Calla muttered, just loud enough for Daphne to hear."What Invisibility Cloak?" she asked, eyes bright and excited."Harry's Invisibikity Cloak, Obviously," Padma said, rolling her eyes. "And why are you talking to us anyway, Greengrass? Thought you'd broken all ties at Christmas."Daphne looked down bashfullu. "Yeah, well... It's a bit complicated.""You suddenly turned on us with absolutely no reason," Padma said angrily. "If it's complicated, you could have said at the time, rather than acting all weird when it suits you to.""Look," Daphne said, biting her lip. "I didn't want to upset either of ou, but-""Forget It," Padma said. "Calla, how about we go to the library to study for Charms?""Sure," Calla said, trying to work out the swirl of emotions in Daphne's eyes. She looked genuinely concerned, but then again maybe that was an act. Truth was, Calla wanted to give Daphne the benefit of the doubt - she was the whole reason she'd wanted to be in Ravenclaw, after all - but she didn't know if she could or not. "See you later, Greengrass."March 13thA few weeks later, Calla, Harry, Padma, Malfoy, Hermione, and Neville were all escorted down to their detention at eleven o'clock, each just as miserably as each other, though Malfoy complained the most."Pity they let the old punishments die out," Filch said bitterly. "Hang you by the ankles, that'd do you all some good, oh yes... if I had my way."Calla sincerely hoped that Filch would never get his way. When they finally came to a stop, it was outside Hagrid's hut, and Calla breathed a sigh of relief when Filch told them that they would be serving detention with their giant friend."Come on," Hagrid said. "Yeh'll be serving your detention in the forest with me.""B-but students aren't allowed in the forest!" Malfoy protested, lip quivering. "My father won't be happy!""Yer father'll tell you that's how things are done at Hogwarts, Malfoy," Hagrid said firmly. "You did summat wrong, so yeh'll be punished for it, just like anybody else. Now, come on.""But there are werewolves!" Malfoy said, and Calla rolled her eyes. It wasn't even a full moon, and werewolves had control of themselves most of the time. Even if Malfoy's claims were true - which they probably weren't - he was stupid to be honestly scared of the werewolves."Don't be silly," Hagrid said gruffly. "And nothin'll hurt you so long as I'm with yeh, alright?"Thy all nodded, even a reluctant Malfoy, and Hagrid smiled. "Righ'. We'll be splitting into groups - Harry, Calla, Padma, yeh'll be with me. Malfoy, Longbottom, Hermione, you'll be together, too. Summat's been attacking the unicorns, we want to find out what.""I want Fang," Malfoy said sharply."Alright," Hagrid said. "But I warn yeh, he's a right coward." As if to prove Hagrid's point, Fang whimpered, and Calla but back a smile as she stroked his head. "If any of yeh gets into danger, send red sparks up with yer wand, alright?"They all nodded and separated. Whatever was hurting the unicorns, it must be evil, Calla thought. Unicorns were the purest magical creatures - to slay One was to give up one's own innocence. Drinking its blood would keep a wizard alive even if they were inches from death, but it would curse their soul, their life. All of a sudden, Calla was hit was a curious thought.She had shot down all of her friends' opinions about someone stealing the stone, but she had to admit that this did raise some doubts with her own mind. Both the stone and unicorn's blood had healing properties, and could make one effectively immortal. What if they were linked? What if whoever was attacking the unicorns was really after the stone? She wished she'd brought the map down with her to see if anyone was lurking in the forest, but she hadn't been thinking, and it was hidden inside her pillowcase in the Ravenclaw dormitory. Damn it."Look," Harry said to Calla, breaking the somewhat awkward silence that had settled between them. "I'm sorry for being annoyed at your twenty points, but I just didn't think it was fair, and honestly, you keep icing me out and I don't think it's fair.""I think it's perfectly fair," Calla replied, though her heart wasn't huge in the argument, mind preoccupied with other things. "Besides, your punishment could have been way worse if I hadn't stepped in, but you didn't so much as thank me.""Alright," Harry said in exasperation. "Thank you." Calla smiled. "I still don't think it's fair, though."Her face fell, and frustration grew within her. "Why? Why is it so unfair?""Because you manipulated McGonagall and Flitwick into letting you off, spun them that sob story to get them on your side, and you got off because people pity you!""Exactly," Calla hissed. "You get off from things because you're the boy who lived, because you're famous and people look up to you and you're said to be powerful, and you know what, that's good for you! You can use that, and you do, without even realising it! But people don't look up to me: they pity me. So I use that, because I might as well, right?""You used them!" Harry said, narrowing his eyes. "It's a rather Slytherin trait actually.""And that's bad? The Sorting Hat considered me for Slytherin, you know." There was actually a semblance of surprise on Harry's face. "But that doesn't mean I'm evil, does it? You know, asides from Parkinson and Malfoy, how many Slytherins have actually been mean to us? Resourcefulness, cunning, ambition, power... those things don't make someone evil. Just like everyone says Ravenclaws are all boring nerds. We're not. We value intelligence, and creativity, and uniqueness, individuality. By very definition, we aren't all the same boring people. I'm a very different person than Lisa Turpin, right? And Zacharias Smith is very different from Hannah Abbott, and Ron and Hermione are about as different as can be!" She took a deep breath: they were getting off track. "My point is, just because I used that pity to get out of worse punishment doesn't mean I'm a bad person, it just means I know how to get out of things and use people's opinions of me to my advantage. Got it?"Harry, to his merit, looked somewhat humbled by Calla's rant. "I guess," he said. "You know, I was considered for Slytherin, too."Calla wasn't altogether surprised - he had proved resourceful and ambitious before, even if he lacked the cunning nature. "And there you have it. Come on, we've almost lost Hagrid and Padma."Just as they hurried to catch up, they heard a Neville-like shriek from further in the forest and red sparks flying up in the air. They exchanged horrified glances as Hagrid and Padma came rushing towards them, before sprinting to where Neville was sitting with Hermione, cowering away from Malfoy. Calla knew instantly what had happened - Malfoy had been a prat, as per usual."Right," Hagrid said annoyed, after hearing the story of how Malfoy had snuck up on Neville as a joke, and how Neville had panicked. "Change of plans. Neville, Padma, Hermione, you three are with me. Harry and Calla, go with Malfoy. He'll have a tougher time scaring you two."Personally, Calla wasn't sure if he was correct in that assumption, but from the look on Neville's ashen face, she didn't want to argue with Hagrid.The trio set off on a disgruntled path through the forest, until Calla caught a glimpse of bright white through the trees and almost shrieked, not noticing how Malfoy scampered off in terror.A unicorn lay slain on its side, silver blood trickling down from its neck in a grotesque way. And over the slain creature was a hooded figure in a cloak. Calla gasped and the figure turned its head, and everything suddenly went into slow motion.She saw Harry clasp a hand to his forehead, and her own head was bursting with pain. Her vision swam and her legs turned to jelly as the world around her changed suddenly like a film set.She was standing in a Chamber, a mirror before her with the words 'Erised straerhr ouytu becaf ruoyton wohsi' inscribed on the frame. She stared at it, coming closer, and froze.It wasn't just her in the frame. She looked behind her, but there was no one else in the room, yet when she looked back in the mirror... Harry was there. Harry, without a scar, standing next to her, also without a scar. And behind them was a man who looked like an older version of Harry and could only be their father, alongside a woman with their eyes who had to be their mother. And then there was Uncle Moony, grinning at them and ruffling Harry's hair, grinning.Just as she reached out to them, to hold her mother's hand, the scene disappeared and was replaced by the present day once more, Harry standing over her with a crowd of their friends and Malfoy."What happened?" she asked, sitting up. They were no longer in the forest, but outside Hagrid's hut, all quite pale and shaken, even Malfoy."You fainted, Cal," Harry said, green eyes wide and brimming with tears. "When we saw that figure.""Oh." That figure had shaken her, had hurt her head and Harry's scar, she could tell. She knew it meant something, but right now she was altogether too frazzled to put it all together. "Right.""Cal, what happened? Did you -" Harry dropped his voice to a whisper. "Did your scar hurt?"She nodded. "Whole forehead. Bursting with pain."He looked behind him at the forest, scared. "Me too."And it's officially 2018!! Apologies for the delays in updating, the holiday season is a bit wild for me, but I hope you've all had a good one for those who have been celebrating! I hope everyone's had a good 2017, and wishing you all the best in 2018!!

June 24thExams had come to a relieving end, and Calla was glad to be well shot of them. With the exception of Charms and Potions, her practical work had been abysmal, and she only hoped that her constant theory revision had been sufficient in making up the grades. She'd managed to make her pineapple dance across Flitwick's desk just fine in Charms, and it had even curtsied at the end, which made him coo and clap his hands together in delight, and her Forgetfulness Potion hadn't had a single negative comment from Snape, which was high praise for Calla.Everything else had been awful.She'd had three attempts at repotting her Babbling Bulbs in Herbology, and thankfully Professor Sprout had been perfectly nice about it all when she split a pot of compost over the floor. McGonagall had been quite evidently unimpressed by her feeble attempt at turning a mouse into a snuffbox, though Calla thought the pretty designs on it may have made up for the fact that it still had whiskers and squeaked every now and then.But the exams were all over now, and her main concern was not schoolwork, but the Philosopher's Stone. Doubt had been niggling at the back of her mind, and try as she might to preserve her pride, it bothered her. Someone had tried to steal the stone from Gringotts, after all, hadn't they? And maybe on Halloween the troll had been let in to try and get to the Stone, although what Snape's motivations had been -She sat up with a jolt. "No," Calla muttered, digging around for her map. "No, no, no."Oh, how had she been so stupid? She quickly muttered, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good," and watched tensely as the map opened up. "Oh, for goodness' sake, get on with it!" she hissed, and apparently the map had heard her, for the ink moved faster, filling the parchment.She found what she wanted to. Quirrel was still in his office, though there was another name there - Tom Riddle. She had no idea who that was, but it didn't matter. He was still there, for now.She quickly snatched up another piece of parchment and a quill, scratching out over her bedside table.Evidence Pointing to Snape- He was trying to get past Fluffy (possibly)- He doesn't like Harry- Possibly involved in the Dark Arts- Threatening QuirrelIt wasn't exactly powerful stuff, but that was the exact evidence that they had: weak.Quickly, she dipped her quill back into the ink.Evidence Pointing to Quirrel- Was in Diagon Alley the day of the break in- Was the first to notice the troll in the dungeon- The troll wasn't in the dungeon??- Was in Albania for a while- Albania has connections to Voldemort- Was in the stands for Harry's Quidditch game- Was in the third floor corridor that night- Has a weird smell (not really evidence, but true)- Was arguing with Snape- Apparently underwent a drastic personality change after being in AlbaniaShe gasped. How had she never seen it before? How had none of them ever seen it before?She had to find her friends. Now.Stuffing the parchment in her pocket and whispering a quiet "Thank you," to the map, Calla grabbed her bag and wand, racing to the Common Room. Harry, Ron and Hermione were with Hagrid, while Padma appeared to be in the library with Parvati and Lavender Brown.She'd go to Padma first - then they'd go find the others together.Calla didn't think she'd ever run so fast as she did going to the library, grabbing Padma by the wrist frantically and tugging her along with her, going too fast to notice the bewildered glances and Daphne Greengrass following hastily after them, scared."Harry!" Calla shouted, seeing him and their friends rushing up from Hagrid's hut. "Harry, Ron, Hermione, I've worked it out!""Calla, Padma!" Harry panted. "Thank goodness you're here, we were just going to find you. Snape knows how to get past Fluffy, he's going after the stone tonight, while Dumbledore's gone.""Dumbledore's gone?" Padma asked, eyes wide in terror. "We're done for!""It's not Snape," Calla said, panting."Calla, I know you don't want to believe-"Hermione started, but Calla cut her off."No, it's not Snape," she said, as firmly as she could. "It's Quirrel. I've worked it out, you see. We need to guard the corridor, and stop him from going there. There's a passage that leads to near the door where Fluffy's kept, we can stay there and keep an eye on things.""We'll be caught," Ron said. "We have to go and get the stone before Snape does.""It's Quirrel!" Calla repeated. "And Besides, we won't." Truth be told, she was rather enjoying this feeling of importance. "See, I have this map, it shows where everyone is. I have to keep an eye on Quirrel, then when he gets there we can, I don't know, intercept him. Harry, Hermione, you two are best at defence, you'll know what to do! But you have to trust me, okay?""Calla, I don't-""Trust me," she ordered, a steely sort of anger rising within her, and a grin appearing when they fell silent at her words. "Just trust me. This is - this is one of the few things I can do, is work things out. Please, trust me, I have all the evidence, and it's real evidence."She had Harry and Padma on her side, she knew that. Calla turned to Ron and Hermione, both of whom were looking at her skeptically. "Do you two believe me?" she asked, vulnerability in her tone. If they didn't, who knew what would happen?"Yes," Hermione said, staring at her. "Yes, we do." The pair grasped hands, grinning. "What do you want us to do?""Just follow me," Calla said. "It'll get dark soon, everyone will be in their beds. That's when he'll strike, I'm sure of it. Harry, if you can, get one of our owls, tell Uncle Moony what's going on.""Got it," he said. "Ron, Hermione, tell Calla and Padma what we found out from Hagrid, I'll be right back."Calla was only half listening to Ron and Hermione's explanation about how Fluffy could be subdued by music, and how almost every teacher was helping to guard the stone, including Snape and Quirrel. She was still focused on Quirrel's name, waiting for the moment when he would leave his office and head for the third floor corridor, praying that they could intercept him, stop him. Maybe Dumbledore would come back, maybe one of the other teachers would come along."Let's go," Harry said, appearing beside her. She'd been so focused on Quirrel that she hadn't noticed Harry's name drawing closer to her, and she nodded. They could go to the dungeons, take a right just before the Potions classroom, and then climb up the stairs to the third floor corridor.Calla took her brother's hand and the group of friends made a human chain, rushing down to the dungeons and slipping into the passage, closing it behind them.The passage was dimly lit by torches on the walls, illuminating the five friends in a ghostly light. All of them were too focused on the task at hand to hear the extra set of footsteps behind them, and Calla was too focused on Quirrel's name to notice Daphne's with them."He's moving," she whispered, heart thumping. This was it, she could feel it. They'd either fail, or they'd win, and Calla had no truthful idea how to do the latter. "Quicker."They hastened their pace, coming to the end of the passage and leaning against the passage. Only then did Calla notice the extra in their numbers."Daphne?" she choked, drawing everyone's attention to the little blonde Ravenclaw. Padma and Ron both drew their wands, and Daphne gulped."You're going to fight him, aren't you? You - all this nonsense about Nicholas Flamel, this is what it comes to? You're going to try and fight a grown teacher, a Death Eater, yourselves? Do any of you have any concept of self-preservation?""This is about more than just us," Ron said angrily. "If you can't accept that then why don't you keep your snooty pureblood nose out of our business and shove off to chat with Malfoy and Parkinson like Mummy and Daddy would like."Calla watched as Daphne clearly withheld a snarl. "I understand why you don't like me, Weasley. But please trust me, I'm sill your friend and I want to make sure pure all okay. You don't have to do this - we're twelve, for goodness' sake! Tell a teacher!""They don't listen," Ron shouted. "And you're not our friend, you abandoned us!""That's a lot more complicated than you think, Ronald!" Daphne shouted back. "I get it, but I am your friend, and I'm keeping you lot safe!""Guys!" Calla shouted, and they fell silent. Quirrel had disappeared from the corridor, and indeed from the map. With a sickening feeling, Calla knew what had happened. "He's gone. We've wasted all this time arguing and now he's gone.""Bloody hell," Ron hissed, glaring at Daphne. "This is all your fault, you know.""Hardly!" Daphne laughed, but Padma shushed them."Listen to Calla, guys," she said. "Quirrel's gone and he's going to get the stone if we don't stop him, so quit your bickering and let's go!"They all exchanged a glance, everybody knowing that she was right. "I'll come," Daphne said, sighing. "If only to stop you all from getting yourselves killed."Grasping hands, the six of them left the passage, sneaking the few metres towards the disused classroom where Fluffy was kept. The lock was already open and they slipped inside. A harp was propped up against the wall, playing melodically. "That's that sorted," Harry whispered. "Hes sleeping. Look, if we can just get through the door.""You mean we have to jump down?" Padma asked, eyes wide. "No way. That's mad!""We have to," Ron said, though even he looked rather concerned. "Quirrel did it.""Come on, Padma," Calla said, nervously. "The sooner we get it over with, the better."Sterling thenselves, all six students crowded around the trapdoor, peering down. "Right," Harry said weakly. "Who's first?""I'll go," Daphne said, putting on a brave face. "If I, like, die or something, I'll shout. Got it?"Without waiting for an answer, she hopped down. "Don't look at me," Calla said, putting her hands up. "I don't know what's going on with her either.""I'm okay!" Daphne shouted from down below. "You can all jump down now!"One by one they went, Hermione, then Ron, then Padma, then it was only Harry and Calla standing there. "Together?" Harry asked, eyes round with something reminiscent of fear."Together," Calla replied, and they plunged into the darkness.Call had been expecting a harder landing, but instead found herself wrapped in tendrils. Miraculously, she hadn't dropped her map, but that didn't help much when she was being strangled by what felt like a plant."What is it?" Padma shrieked, flailing her arms about. "Some kind of plant?""Devil's Snare!" Hermione called, confirming Calla's suspicions. "But how do we get rid of it!""Fire!" Daphne shouted. "Remember, Professor Sprout said.""Of course," Hermione muttered. "But there's no wood!""You're a witch!" shriekd three different, but equally exasperated voices."Use your bloody wand," Ron hissed, and Hermione yelped."Of course! Incendio!"Flames lit up the chamber and the Devil's Snare shrivelled up, all six of them falling through it and into the ground, panting. "That was the Herbology round, then," Padma panted. "What next?""Hopefully something less deadly," Calla whispered, clutching onto the map. She opened it up and peered inside. There was no one coming across the corridor, and Dumbledore still wasn't in the building. Great.They opened the creaky door, leading into a Chamber where there was a broomstick leant against the wall and another door at the end. What looked like birds floated around the air, but upon further inspection Calla realised they were keys. "You have to catch them," Padma said, looking horrified. She reached up a hand and the keys all recoiled, flitting about. "You have to use the broom." She moved to stare at Harry. "I'm not doing it.""I think we're all agreed that Harry's the best suited for this job," Calla said, and her friends all nodded."Okay," Harry said nervously, taking up the broom. "I'll do it."It didn't take long for him to grab the key, thrusting it into the lock. Calla reckoned she could have tried a Summoning Charm - it was higher level, but she'd read it and hopefully it would have - but it wasn't needed, and they all rushed into the next room.It was set up like a giant chessboard, and Calla gulped. Wizard's Chess was, to put it plainly, barbaric. If they had to play... well, Calla didn't want to think of the outcome."We have to play our way across the board," Ron said. "I think - I think we have to become the pieces."Sure enough, when they stepped up to the pieces Ron told them to, the ones that were there shifted out of the way. Calla took up the position of Queen, with Ron as a Knight, Hermione a Rook, Harry a Bishop, Daphne another Rook, and Padma as the King, which she seemed disproportionately offended by.As Ron commanded them and the other pieces around the board, Calla felt nausea grow in her stomach. This was taking too long. Quirrel might have the stone by now, it could all be over, it could all be over.And, worst of all, Voldemort could come back.They were almost winning the game, Calla noticed, glancing up from her map. Dumbledore still wasn't there, and there was no help coming. Couldn't they just catch a break? But her stomach plummeted when she realised what Ron was doing. He was about to sacrifice himself, and Calla felt bile rise in her throat. She couldn't let him get hurt: he was her friend."No, Ron!" she shouted. "If you move that way, you'll get hurt!""And we'll win!" He shouted back. "See?""But you can't! There's another way, if I move this way then-""That'd take too long!" Ron shouted. "Trust me, Calla. I - I know what I'm doing."His face suggested that he really did not know what he was doing, but Calla fell back. She couldn't argue with him, it would waste time... but she didn't want her friend to get hurt, either.Before Calla knew it, Ron had been unceremoniously knocked from his steed and Hermione had lurched forward, only to be held back by Padma. "We're still playing, remember?" she said, and Hermione nodded. "Come on."Harry moved into position and yelled "Checkmate!" The king on the other side fell on his sword, and the chess pieces parted to allow the others to move through."Someone should stay with Ron," Daphne pointed out, and Hermione nodded."I'll do it. You guys don't need me.""Yes we do, Hermione," Harry protested, but Calla shook her head. Truthfully, with all their combined skills they could cover all bases, if not as quickly as Hermione could."You don't. You'll be fine, just... just go." To Calla's dismay, Hermione's eyes were filling up with tears. "Don't get hurt.""Thank you, Hermione," Calla whispered, rushing forward to hug her bushy haired friend. "You know," she whispered, "you're secretly my favourite:"Hermione giggled. "I know, Calla. Look after them, will you?""You know I will," Calla said back, pulling away. "Look after Ron.""Come on," Harry said, beckoning Calla through a door and shutting Hermione and Ron on the other side.They passed through a horrific smelling room, where an unconscious troll lay. It looked like the same on that had attacked them on Halloween, only confirming Calla's suspicions about Quirrel.The next room they came to was mostly empty, apart from a load of Potions lined up and a piece of parchment next to them on the table. The second that the foursome crossed the threshold, Black Fire leapt up behind them. Clearly, they weren't going to be going back any time soon."Look!" Daphne said, rushing to the piece of parchment. They all peered over her shoulder, trying to make out the words."Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind," Calla read."Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,"One among us seven will let you move ahead,"Another will transport the drinker back instead,"Two among our number hold only nettle wine,"Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line."Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,"To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:"First, however slyly the poison tries to hide"You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;"Second, different are those who stand at either end,"But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;"Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,"Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;"Fourth, the second left and the second on the right"Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.""It's a puzzle!" Harry cried, turning to Calla. "You're good with puzzles!""I'm really not-""You figured out who was really behind this, didn't you?" Harry asked, staring at her pointedly. "You can work it out, Calla. It's what you do - you work at things until you have them figured out."She took a deep breath. "Okay," Calla whispered. "I really hope I can get this right."She reread the poem a few times to sort the information. This had to be Snape's challenge, of course: logic was one of the basic principles of Potions, and perhaps why so many wizards struggled with it. There was very little logic about magic, at least on the surface.Two would be helpful, and those were what thy were looking for. One to move forward, one to move back.There were two bottles containing wine, while there were three with poison. That made seven in total - of course there was seven.The nettle wine would always have a poison on its left, ruling out the furthest right bottle.If the bottles on either end of different, but neither would help, that meant the one furthest left had to be poison. The largest and smallest - the fourth and sixth - weren't poison, meaning that they were either nettle wine, or potions to move.From the last clue, Calla concluded that the second and sixth bottles were both nettle wine, meaning the fifth and first had to be poison, which checked out as three poisons. If the fourth (the smallest) wasn't poison or nettle wine, it was a potion to move them, and since it was the smallest and therefore would only let one person probably move forward, she was willing to bet that it would move them on. That meant that if the seventh wasn't poison, it must move them backwards, so the fifth was definitely poison."Got it!" Calla cheered, and her friends all worked up, grinning. "The one furthest right will send us back, the one in the middle - the smallest - will take us forward." Her face fell. "But there's only enough for one.""Harry should go," Padma said, glancing apologetically at Calla. "He's better at Defense, no offence.""I agree," Daphne said. "Sorry. But I just have a feeling...""Okay," Calla said. Secretly, she was glad that she didn't have to face Quirrel herself, but something nagged at her. "Harry, before you go, I - I think there might be a mirror there." It was a long shot, and she'd been halfway to hysterics when she'd had that vision or whatever it was, but it was a shot nonetheless. "It won't show you, but it'll show what you want, what you really want. It showed me us with our parents and Uncle Moony." He opened his mouth to speak, but Calla shut him off. "I can't explain right now. Just... what is your heart's desire? What do you want more than anything?""Right now? To get the stone, to save it!""You can't say that," Calla said. "Don't say what you really see if it has anything to do with the stone, Okay? Make something up, just... I don't know, I might just be blabbering no sense, but please. Be careful.""I'm always careful," Harry joked."No, you're not," Calla laughed, though nerves sill swam in her stomach. "Be safe, okay?""Let's go," Daphne said, glancing worriedly at the fire. Without a word, she drank the potion, passing it to Padma who took a sip, and left the last tiny morsel for Calla. She drank the final drop, and sighed."I love you, Harry," Calla said over her shoulder. "Look after yourself."The trio walked forwards the fire, and Calla winced as it washed over her. Daphne and Padma disappeared, and then... she was still there, but burning. She yelled, feeling the red hot pain shoot up her arm, paralysing her."Cal!" Harry shouted, noticing that she didn't move. A sick feeling churned her stomach. She'd barely had a drop of that potion, it was really meant for no more than two. If Daphne hadn't come along... she couldn't blame her for this pain. It wasn't important, Harry need to get the stone and stop Quirrel, because if Voldemort came back then Harry would be his first target."Go!" She shouted, trying to forget the agony on her skin, burning into her mind. "Go, Harry, I'll be alright!""You're burning, Cal!" he protested with a sob. "There has to be something to help you in here.""There's poison and wine," Calla chuckled. "If someone couldn't get through, do you honestly think Smape would take precautions? Just go." She reached for her map. It was closed, but she didn't need any other names right now. "I'll be alright, Harry.""Calla, you're in pain!""I'm fine," she lied, gritting her teeth against the searing pain. It was getting worse and worse, but she couldn't succumb... she had to make sure Harry went through. "I've got Uncle Moony, and Dad.""What?" Harry asked. "How do you-""I'll explain later," she said, and he seemed to take this as reassurance that she'd be okay. "Please, just go. I promise, I'll be alright. If I'm not, feel free to murder me.""Calla, you know that's not funny!" Harry said, and she gave a weak chuckle."I know. Go, please."With a final scared glance at his sister, Harry took a swig of the potion and walked through the flames.As Calla lay there, voice waning and mind darkening, she croaked at the map. "Alright there, Dad?" she asked, watching as letters appeared on the page. "Uncle Moony?""Mr Moony says get yourself out of there, for goodness' sake!" she read, and giggled deliriously."Mr Prongs says he's proud as all hell, but if Calla Potter doesn't get to safety soon she's going to die and please, he doesn't want that."Calla laughed, not quite knowing what she was doing as she stumbled towards the table with the Potions in a vain hope that the bottles may refill sometime soon. Just as she reached for the table, her mind went blank, and the last thing she remembered was the revolting, riotous pain.xxxxxxxxxxxHarry stepped through the flames, but his mind wasn't on Voldemort or Quirrel or Snape. Instead, all he could think of was his sister, lying there in pain. He should have stayed behind, he thought. He should have saved her, stayed with her to keep her safe. He didn't care about Voldemort - none of it would matter if Calla died.But he raised his head and met the eyes of Professor Quirinus Quirrel.Some part of him hadn't quite believed that Calla was right; he'd wanted to badly to be correct, for Snape to be the guilty party. But it wasn't. It was quivering, stuttering Professor Quirrel, and in a way that made it almost worse."You," Harry snarled. "You're behind this!""Of course," Quirrel said, and his voice was not stutter as normal, but high and cold. "What, suspect Snape?" He quirked an eyebrow. "Yes, Severus does seem the type, doesn't he? And next to him, who on earth would suspect poor, stuttering little Professor Quirrel?"Harry's face contorted in rage. If Quirrel hadn't tried to get to the stone, they wouldn't have had to be doing this, Calla wouldn't be burning up in the adjacent room."Use the boy," hissed a voice, and Harry realised with a jolt that this may be Lord Voldemort. It didn't unnerve him as much as it maybe should have - perhaps because he was too preoccupied worrying about his sister, perhaps because he had never been afraid of the name as most people were."Potter!" Quirrel said sharply, pushing Harry in front of a mirror. "Tell me, what do you see?"He glanced in the mirror. He and Calla were standing side by side, and he had his hands in his pocket. He was shuffling about in it and pulled, to his shock, a small, gleaming red stone. A wide grin spread over Harry's face, and his mind slipped to Calla in the next room. If the Elixir of Life could heal someone, grant them immortality, it could save his sister."Tell me, Boy!" Quirrel shouted. "What do you see?"Calla had told him to lie. "I - I see me and Calla. With - with our parents. We're all smiling, and I - I'm Quidditch Captain.""He lies," the voice hissed. "The boy lies. Give him to me, Quirrel. Give him to me!""A - as you wish, my Lord," Quirrel said, gasping. Harry drew in a sharp breath as Quirrel unwrapped his turban, revealing a face popping out the other side with a pale face and great, red eyes."Voldemort," Harry snarled, pushing away his fears about him and his sister."Tell me what you see, Potter," Voldemort's face hissed on the back of Quirrel's head - still a rather odd image."Never!" Harry shouted. "You killed my parents - my sister is in danger because of you!""Ah, Potter," Voldemort hissed, coming closer to him and Harry gulped. Try as he might to be brave, this was the man who killed his parents. And staring into his red eyes, Harry felt the worst pangs of fear. "You see, we could be so powerful, you and I." His eyes lingered on Harry's scar, and for the first time, he wanted to hide it and all that it stood for. "If you give me that stone, I could bring back your parents. Your sister is dying in the next room, Potter. We could save her with that Elixir, if you only give it to me."The funny thing was, Harry knew Voldemort wasn't lying. He could save Calla, he could, and he knew where the stone was. Without even thinking, Harry stuck his hand in his pocket, and found... that the stone wasn't there. "Give it to me, Potter," Voldemort hissed."I - I don't have it," Harry said, hopelessness sinking in. "I don't know where it is! I thought-""You want to fool me, boy!" Voldemort yelled, and Harry leapt back. "I am Lord Voldemort!""It's not there," Harry said, emptiness filling his heart. He couldn't help Calla if he didn't have it... she could die. He couldn't let her die!"Do not lie to me!" Voldemort yelled, grabbing Harry's face. He yelled, but not as much as Voldemort did, recoiling as though Harry had burned him.His mind went quickly. Maybe he could only get the Stone when Voldemort wasn't around? That would make sense after all... If Harry's touch had burned Voldemort, then could he do it again?Barely stopping to consider anything else, Harry lunges forwards and grabbed Voldemort's head. The dark wizard fought back, but he began to burn under Harry's touch, shrieking as he crumbled and crumbled into a pile of ashes on the floor. Harry stepped back in shock, face paling as he took in the scene before him. Voldemort was a pile of crumbs on the floor, he was alone, and Calla was still in the next room.He felt faint, sickened at what he'd just done, what he'd just been tempted to do, to hand Voldemort his life back... Harry stumbled, gripping his wand tightly, and fell, crashing into the stone floor, blacking out.xxxxx

June 29thCalla awoke in the Hospital Wing a few days later, and the first sight she saw was her brother lying in the bed adjacent to hers, with Uncle Moony leaning over him. "Harry?" she croaked, head pounding. Almost instantly, her godfather whipped around, rushing towards her and kneeling beside the bed."Calla!" he cried, throwing his arms around her and she moved stiffly to reciprocate. After a moment where Calla saw him wipe at his eyes, his gaze turned stern. "Calla Lily Potter," Uncle Moony said, gaze stony. "What on Earth were you thinking?"She bit her lip. This would be a tricky one to explain. Of course, at first she had tried to avoid getting involved, but when thing had led to another and she'd gotten caught up in her sheer excitement at workin it out... "I'm sorry," she said. "I guess I got caught up in the excitement of everything and I got carried away. But no one was listening to us, Professor McGonagall wouldn't do anything about it and Dumbledore was away and it would have been too late otherwise so we had to do something!" At least her voice was coming back a bit she thought, coughing a little as she finished. "Is Harry alright?" Calla asked eagerly, looking over at her brother. "Was he hurt?""What happened?" Calla asked, eyes wide. Last she remembered was pain, and ink appearing on the map, reminding her to look after herself, to be safe. "All I remember was the map, and my arm...""You walked headfirst into magical fire, Calla," Uncle Moony said, though there was a glimmer in his eye. "Can't say I'm not proud of your bravery, but it was a silly thing to do.""I thought it'd work," Calla said, frowning. "I thought the potion would let me go through, but it didn't, I don't think I'd taken enough. It hurt." She held back a sob, not wanting Uncle Moony to see her cry when she shifted her arm under the bedsheets. "It was like agony, and Harry wanted to stay but I told him he couldn't, he had to go on, he had to stop Quirrel!"And that was the most important thing, wasn't it? Because if Voldemort came back, he'd kill Harry and Uncle Moony too, probably, and Calla couldn't let that happen to either of them. "I understand your reasoning, Calla," Uncle Moony sighed with a soft smile. "But you have to understand... I was worried. I'd hate for anything bad to happen to either of you, and you got hurt very badly. I've been worried for days, and so has Harry!""I'm sorry, Uncle Moony," Calla said sheepishly. "I didn't want to worry you, I never even considered that I'd get hurt, in all honesty.""I know, dear." Uncle Moony stroked her hair in a distinctly father-like way. "The important thing is that you're alright.""And I am!" Calla insisted, wincing as she moved her arm. "See?""I admire your bravery, Calla," her godfather chuckled. "Now, I see your admirers have left you an abundance of sweets. What do you say to some chocolate frogs, eh?"They spent the next short while in perfect harmony, laughing over chocolate frogs and Bertie Bott's Beans, before Harry woke up and gave a cry of excitement, spotting Calla. "Cal!" he shouted, swinging himself out of bed."Sit down, Harry," Uncle Moony chuckled. "Madam Pomfrey'll have my head."Clearly, Harry didn't care, for he rushed towards his sister, hugging her tighter than he ever had before. It would have been suffocating had Calla not needed exactly that in this moment. "I thought you were going to die," Harry mumbled, and Calla felt his hot tears on her hair."Don't be silly," she giggled, though the thought had occurred to her during the time down there. "I was never going to die! I just... had a momentary lapse in consciousness.""You scared me," Harry admitted, eyes round and forlorn. "I was worried, Calla. I should never have allowed you to come, to get hurt like that!""As if I would have let you stop me. Besides," she admitted softly, "neither of us were quite thinking straight, were we?""Suppose not," Harry admitted. His gaze drifted to her bedside table. "You've got a present from Zacharias Smith?" He asked, wrinkling his nose. "How come?""Because I make friends with people, Harry," Calla laughed, surprising herself. Truth be told, she wasn't sure how she'd come about to have more friends than Harry did, since that was never really her intention, but she did, and right now she valued that more than a lot of things. "See, I've got one from all the Ravenclaws in my year, even Lisa, and most of the Hufflepuff girls. Ooh, Justin's sent me a book, you know he loves Narnia, right?"Harry stared at her before he started to laugh, joy spreading across his features. "I'm glad you're okay," he said softly. "Really.""Me too, Harry," Calla smiled, clutching her brother's hand tighter than was strictly necessary. "Me too.""Ah, Miss Potter," Madam Pomfrey said, bustling over with a warm smile. "You're awake. Now I trust you haven't been keeping her awake, Remus?" she asked sternly, and Uncle Moony shook his head."Wouldn't dream of it, Poppy.""That's still Madam Pomfrey to you," she said, chuckling. "Now, Mr Potter, I thought I told you not to get out of bed. You're still recovering!""Sorry, Miss," Harry said sheepishly, slinking back to his bed."Now, dear, I just have to change your bandages. I'm afraid you gave us all quite a fright when you turned up lient hat - your arm took the worst of it." She drew the curtains around Calla's bed, and Calla could vaguely hear Harry's protestations. "Remus, are you sure you'd like to remain here? The injuries are not particularly nice on the eye.""I'm sure," Uncle Moony said, giving Calla a reassuring smile. "I'm staying right here with my goddaughter, as long as she wants me.""Thanks," Calla said, as Madam Pomfrey lifted her arm from under the sheets. Even thought the bandages, Calla could see the wounds on her skin, and she shuddered."I'm sorry if this stings a little," Madam Pomfrey said soothingly, as she unwrapped the bandages. Calla watched as the nurse soaked fresh bandages in cool water; anything to distract from the mess on her arm. "I've mixed these with some Burning Bitterroot Balm to ease your pain, and if you hold still I'll put on some Burn Healing Paste."Calla looked away from the burden on her arm as Madam Pomfrey applied the gloopy paste. Even just the fleeting glance she'd given the arm was enough to make her recoil. The flesh was blackened like tar, and she knew that even if Madam Pomfrey succeeded in healing her, the scars would remain for years to come.She didn't look back until the bandages were back on, concealing her arm. "I'm still not sure why your arm had most of the burn," Madam Pomfrey said, furrowing her brow. "But count yourself extremely lucky it wasn't more severe. You've been very brave, you know. Greater wizards have fainted at the sight of burns like these."Indeed, Calla did feel rather queasy, but she decided to hold back on sharing this information. "Thank you, Madam Pomfrey," she said quietly."Of course, my dear," the nurse said kindly. "Now, I believe the headmaster is here to see you and your brother. I said strictly no visitors outside of family, but well, here we are!" She didn't seem particularly annoyed by Dumbledore's request, merely amused, and Calla decided she rather like the kind eyes nurse. "Now, Remus, if you'd be so kind as to leave the children with the headmaster?""Of course," Uncle Moony said. He kissed Calla once on the forehead and ruffled Harry's hair, before bidding them a farewell and opening the door for the headmaster to enter."Good evening, Potters," he said in a dreamy voice, blue eyes twinkling like stars. "I trust you have been kept up to date on the goings on of the school?""Not really," Harry shrugged. "Madam Pomfrey won't let me leave my bed, and Calla's only just woke up.""I see," Dumebldroe said, eyes twinkling. "Well, I must inform you that what happened between Harry and Professor Quirrel is a strict secret... so, naturally, the entire school knows about it." Harry chuckled lightly, but Calla wasn't particularly amused. Did everybody know what had happened to her arm?"Sir, what happened to the stone?" Harry asked, eyes wide. "I'd seen it in the mirror and I was going to take it out, but when I tried it wasn't there."For a brief moment, Dumbledore looked troubled by this proclamation. "The mirror is an incredibly tricky thing, Harry," he said at last. "No doubt you were distracted when you looked into it. You see, the Mirror of Erised shows nothing more or less than the deepest desire of our hearts. Now, tell me, at that moment was the Philosopher's Stone your main priority?"Harry shook his head no. "I was worried about Calla," he said, and to Calla it sounded like he was trying to apologise for something. "I thought she was dying, I wanted to save her, that was all!""I see, Harry," Dumbledore said, but his eyes were twinkling no longer. "And I understand your predicament. But, you see, that is the beauty of the mirror. Only one who wants the stone - wants to have it, but not use it - could retrieve it. And in that moment, you wanted to use it didn't you?""I - I wouldn't have hurt anyone!" Harry protested, and Calla narrowed her eyes. What was he on about? "I swear, I wouldn't have really done it, I wasn't thinking, he tempted me and I needed to save Calla!"A sick feeling turned Calla's stomach. Who exactly was this 'he'? "Harry, what happened?" she demanded, eyes stony.He turned to her, frightened more than Calla had ever seen him. "Voldemort said if I gave him the stone, he could save you, that you'd be alright. I thought you were dying, I had to do something, so I - I tried to.""You tried to give it to him," Calla said, lost.He'd really been about to give the world's darkest wizard the key to immortality just to save her life? She knew the sentiment didn't say much about her selfpreservation, but she wasn't really worth that, was she? "He would have killed you instead," she told Harry. "You and everyone else I care about. I don't matter enough for you to do that.""You matter to me," Harry said plainly. "You're my twin sister, and it was my fault you were in danger in the first place.""Let us not dwell on fault or blame," Dumbledore said, lightly changing the mood. "I believe you two have an end of term feast to attend, don't you?"While Calla was excited, Harry groaned. "That's right," he said. "I missed the Quidditch match. We lost really badly." He glanced at Calla. "Ravenclaw won the Quidditch Cup.""Yes!" Calla cheered, before wincing. "I mean, sorry, Harry. That's really tragic."He chuckled. "Yeah, well, there's always next year, right?""Yeah," Calla laughed. "And we've still got one last feast to attend."xxxxBy the time Harry and Calla had managed to get changed for the feast and traipse down to the Great Hall, they were very nearly late, and had to make all too hasty goodbyes at the entrance doors."Calla!" Padma cried when she saw her, leaping up to hug her still bandaged up friend. "You're out! Are you okay, what happened? Everyone's been talking about it, you didn't come through the fire with us!"She said this all faster than Calla thought humanly possible, and she realised with a bare hint of surprise that Padma was concerned for her. Actually, truly concerned. With the exception of Harry and Uncle Moony, she'd never seen that expression on someone's face and directed at her, and it was almost a shock. But when she turned around, she saw that almost all of her Ravenclaw classmates were looking at her with the same concern, even Lisa and Michael."I - it's a long story," Calla said timidly, sitting down and hiding between Padma and Daphne. "I guess I just mustn't have had enough of the potion, it wouldn't let me through, and it was fire, so..." She let out a sob, cursing herself. "It burned me." There were gasps all around her."It burned you?" asked a second year girl, eyes wide. "Are you alright? How bad was it?""Madam Pomfrey's helped me," Calla said nervously, biting her lip. Her arm still hurt, but she didn't want to let on about that, didn't want everyone to pity her more than they already did. "It's all bandaged up so no one can see it, but ... I'm doing better." She nodded, more to convince herself than anybody else at the table."That's awful," Padma said, aghast. "Daphne and I were so terrified when you didn't come through with us, weren't we, Daphne?"Calla found herself somewhat surprised to see the Greengrass girl smiling at her, traces of concern shimmering in her eyes. "I - I thought you were dead," Daphne whispered. "I felt awful, you know. If I hadn't tagged along then there would have been enough for you to get through. And I suppose, if I hadn't been such a bitch the past few months, I could have helped you all plan a bit better."Calla stared at her, hoping to find an apology in Daphne's words. "My parents weren't happy that I'd been sorted out with Slytherin, you see," Daphne said, eyes downcast. "I thought they would be okay, but they clearly weren't. They said they didn't want me associating with you because you were frowned upon by loads of their acquaintances, and they still care about keeping up appearances and maybe it was dumb of me, but I didn't want to let them down."Calla's heart lurched at Daphne's story, everything suddenly slotting into place: the flickers of concern, the trying to stop them from getting into trouble. She'd cared, she just hadn't been allowed to show it."It's okay," Calla said, smiling gently. "I - I forgive you."The two grinned at each other, first friends, best friends, and embraced on another tightly, smiling.Their conversation was cut short, however, by Dumbledore clinking his spoon on a goblet, snatching the attention of all in the Hall."Attention!" Dumbledore said, eyes twinkling. "It is now time to announce the House Cup!" Calla withheld a groan. The recent dragon fiasco had put Gryffindor at the bottom of the table and it had stayed there. Harry would be complaining all summer long about the awful defeat."The points stand as thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor with three hundred and twelve points." There was a mild smattering of applause for the house, and both Harry and Ron were seen dejectedly glaring at their plates. "In third place, Hufflepuff with three hundred and fifty two points. In second place, Ravenclaw with four hundred and twenty." Thankfully, Calla and Padma's loss hadn't affected Ravenclaw too drastically, especially after they'd both worked to regain points, and the house was still clinging onto second place. There was a raucous apolause for Ravenclaw, but it didn't compensate for Calla's dejection at being only second place. "And finally, in first place, Slytherin, with four hundred and seventy two points!"The Slytherin table exploded into cheers, some of the older students setting off green and silver sparks of excitement from their wands. Calla clapped along politely, even if she was miffed about her house being in second."Yes, yes," Dumbledore said. "Well doen Slytherin, Well done Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account."A hush descended over the hall. Calla's mind started whirring at a hundred miles an hour. Recent events probably meant the incident with Fluffy, but there was no real reason for Dumbledore to bring that up right now. He'd had days to award points: why now? And why in front of everyone."I believe some last minute points are to be awarded." Calla watched as the faces of every Slytherin fell into confused dismay. "First, to Mr Ronald Weasley, for the best game of chess Hogwarts has ever seen, I award Gryffindor house fifty points." Calla clapped for Ron - that extra fifty points had let them overtake Hufflepuff. Looking around, Calla could tell that Zach and his housemates were not particularly pleased about this turn of events: it just proved the theory that Hufflepuffs were 'a load of duffers'."Secondly, to Miss Padma Patil, for dedication and unwavering loyalty, I grant Ravenclaw twenty points." Personally, Calla thought that 'dedication and unwavering loyalty' was worth more than twenty points if Ron got fifty for playing chess, but she wasn't in any position to debate. Ravenclaw was catching up to Slytherin fast, with four hundred and forty points: thirty two less than Slytherin. "Thirdly, to Miss Daphne Greengrass for redemption and a powerful demonstration of true friendship, I grant Ravenclaw house thirty points.""Dumbledore's rigging the House Cup!" Calla heard Pansy Parkinson hiss, glaring at Daphne's back. "That's so unfair!""Just watch!" Lily Moon sulked. "We'll end up losing to the bloody Potters.""Fourthly, to Miss Hermione Granger, for outstanding bravery and quick thinking, I award a further fifty points to Gryffindor House."If Calla's maths was correct, that meant Gryffindor had four hundred and twelve points, while Ravenclaw had four hundred and seventy, two away from a tie with Slytherin."Fifth, to Miss Calla Potter," Dumbledore was saying, and she looked up. Whatever reason would he cook up for her? Getting herself into unnecessary danger and almost dying? "For the use of cool logic in the face of adversaries, and bravery when faced with danger, I award Ravenclaw house fifty points."The place was in urproar. Slytherins screeched In protestation at having their title snatched so cruelly form them, and Calla almost choked on her water. She'd just brought the Ravenclaw total up to five hundred and twenty points. There was no doubt about it; unless Harry won well over a hundred points, Ravenclaw would win."And finally," Dumbledore said. "To Mr Harry Potter." The hall fell silent at his name. "For familial loyalty, I grant Gryffindor house twenty points."Over at the Gryffindor table, Calla was Harry look down somewhat dejectedly, while the Ravenclaws high fived Calla. She caught her brother's eye and grinned at him, which he reciprocated weakly."That's so not fair," said Draco Malfoy obstinately, his voice loud enough that Calla could very well have heard it if she'd bothered to listen to him. "We won in the first place! He changed it now just to embarrass us, didn't he?""Nice one, Potter!" cheered one of the prefects, and Calla grinned, though a glimmer of thought appeared in her mind. Why hadn't Harry gotten more points? He had fought off Voldemort himself, after all.She caught her brother's eye and he looked away sharply, turning to Ron and Hermione.June 30th"Got everything?" Daphne asked, looking over Calla and her trunks.They'd checked and double checked for everything that they had brought with them, making sure no one had misplaced jewellery or books. Socks were strewn across the boys' dormitory when Calla and Padma went to return Anthony's Charms book to him, and they left giggling, refusing to help sort through Terry's massive pile of textbooks even when he begged and offered to do their Potions essays for them for the rest of year.When finally the seven girls traipsed down to the common room with their trunks, they were greeted by Flitwick handing out slips telling students that they weren't allowed to use magic outside of school."Doesn't really matter much," Daphne whispered to Calla. "They can only trace the location, not the caster. If you want to visit me during the holidays, we can easily practice.""Thanks," Calla whispered back, though she doubted that her aunt and uncle would let her visit wizards. Much to her annoyance, she and her brother hadn't been allowed to stay with Uncle Moony for the entire duration of the holidays, as their aunt and uncle still had legal guardianship. Personally, Calla thought the Dursleys would love nothing more than for the Potter twins to bigger off to Uncle Mooney's for the Summer, but as Dumbledore had it, they could no.Uncle Moony had promised to write to them once he was able after the full moon, to come and collect them for the rest of the holidays at his house, but Calla still didn't want to be at Privet Drive for any longer than strictly necessary. Many of her friends had promised to write and send her birthday cards, and it was a surprisingly welcome feeling. Calla doubted she had ever been more popular among her older housemates, as even in the initial shock at her and Harry's arrival they'd all been more preoccupied with the boy who lived than his overshadowed sister.It was as they all left for the Hogwarts Express, looking out towards the Summer ahead, that Calla realised with a start what she had even missing for the last twenty four hours: she hadn't seen her map since the potions room. Her pulse quickened and her eyes blew wide when she snatched Harry's hand frantically.It was her one true tie to her father, to his voice. And she had no idea where it was.

July 31stCalla lay on the grass outside Number 4 Privet Drive, watching as her brother ranted about the Dursleys. "I bet everyone at Hogwarts would love this," he spat in a bitter tongue, rolling his emerald eyes. "The boy who lived stuck cleaning up the garden." He flung his hands up in the air, collapsing onto the grass with a colossal and quite unnecessary huff. "It's so not fair.""We'll be back at Hogwarts soon," Calla assured him, though truthfully there was more than just a seed of doubt in her mind. They hadn't received a single letter from any of their school friends - not Ron, not Hermione, not Padma or Daphne. Even Uncle Moony hadn't written to them yet, though he'd promised he definitely would once he could have them stay with him. So far, it wasn't seeming to be a likely prospect. "I'm sure we won't have to clean the gardens there.""We will if Snape has anything to do with it," Harry muttered darkly, and Calla rolled her eyes. Even though she had proven him wrong about Snape last year, Harry still held on to his hatred of the Potions Master. She supposed that he was somewhat entitled; Snape was, for want of a better word, an arse to Harry, though to be fair he wasn't usually much nicer to Calla."Let's not give him reason to punish us, then," Calla said decisively, holding out her pinkie finger to Harry. "Pinkie promise, right?"Harry grinned. "Pinkie promise."Just then, a shadow loomed over them and the Potter twins looked up lazily to see Dudley's taunting face looking down on them. "What's up, Dudley?" Calla asked, feigning politeness. If she'd thought the Dursleys would be intimidated into treating them better this Summer, then she had been sorely mistaken. The only thing keeping the Dursleys from locking the twins back in the cupboard under the stairs was Dudley's increasingly dwindling fear of growing another pig's tail, and the fact that that was where their school supplies were kept, and there was no way the Potter twins were getting anywhere near magic over this Summer."I know what day it is," Dudley taunted, grinning maliciously."Well done," Harry drawled. "You finally learnt the days of the week."Dudley sneered at them, and Calla withheld a giggle. "It's your birthday," he continued, ignoring the jibe. "You haven't got any presents though. Not even from Calla's godfather."Calla gritted her teeth. It was true. Granted, it had recently been the full moon and that couldn't have been easy for Uncle Moony, but she still felt some bitterness at her and her brother seeming to have been forgotten about. "Shut up, Dudley," Calla hissed, glaring at the pig faced bastard she called a cousin. "Just leave us alone.""You haven't even got any letters from that school you go to either," Dudley laughed, but his face fell and whitened further when he saw Harry picking up a stick."Hocus pocus!" Harry shouted, and while Calla knew that wasn't a real spell - nor was the stick a real wand - Dudley whimpered, clutching his buttocks comically."M-mum!" he screamed. "He's doing it! He's doing magic!"Dudley scampered inside, and Harry tossed the stick away, smirking as he went to sit beside Calla."I think you frightened him," Calla observed, barest hint of a smile on her lips."He deserved it," Harry muttered, eyes dark. "He was being an arse.""Language," Calla scolded lightly, smacking Harry on the arm. Personally, she blamed Ronald Weasley for Harry's bad mouth: yet another of their so-called friends they hadn't heard word from. All their friends had promised to write to them over the Summer, and while Calla hadn't been sure if Daphne would be able to communicate her without her parents knowing, or whether Hermione would have the opportunity since neither could send her their phone number to call, and she didn't have an owl, she'd at least expected Ron and Padma to write them. Instead, they'd been seemingly abandoned by the Wizarding World. Were it not for the reminder that her books were in the cupboard under the stairs, and the owls in her and Harry's room, Calla would have thought that it had all been a dream, or a sick joke."Potters!" Aunt Petunia screeched from inside the house, no doubt having just heard of the 'magic' Harry had used on Dudley. "Get in here!"And of course, she'd believe perfect little Dudley over them."Time for more chores?" Calla asked, trying to keep her voice light."How wonderful," Harry muttered, as Calla hauled him to his feet."Your godfather is here to see you," Aunt Petunia snapped when Calla walked in, gesturing to the living room. "Don't keep him long."Something told Calla that the sooner they could get onto chores, the better for Aunt Petunia. Calla nodded and dragged Harry through to the living room, where her godfather sat nonchalantly reading the newspaper, while Dudley sat on the opposite armchair looking scared for his life. "Uncle Moony?" Calla asked from the doorway, and he stood up with delighted eyes, folding his paper away."Ah!" he cried, rushing to hug them. "Calla, Harry! Happy birthday!""Th-thanks, Uncle Moony," Harry said, eyes wide. Neither of them had actually been expecting for Uncle Moony to turn up, though they were both excited that he was."We didn't think you were coming," Calla whispered as they pulled apart. "You never wrote to us."Uncle Moony frowned, cocking his head to the side. "You haven't been receiving the letters at all, then?" he asked in confusion. "Arthur Weasley wrote me, said that you hadn't replied to Ron and the twins - I thought maybe you just hadn't been allowed to let your owls out by those sorry two." Dudley whimpered from the armchair. "Sorry, Dudley, didn't mean to offend." Uncle Moony turned back to the twins, still looking concerned. "So you haven't received any of my letters?""We haven't gotten letters from anyone," Harry said, crossing his arms. "Not even you. Calla was getting quite upset about it, actually.""Was not," Calla mumbled, shifting from side to side. Why did Harry have to pick a fight over it? Uncle Moony was here now: that was good enough for her."Well, the full moon's gone now," Uncle Moony told them, smiling through the scars that raked over his face. This was the last straw for Dudley, who bolted from the room, and Calla noticed Uncle Moony's face fall at the reaction. "I can take you both to stay with me now, if you'd like. I'm sorry I couldn't do this sooner, but Dumbledore has his orders, and I didn't want to risk putting you two in danger.""Wait," Harry began, "Dumbledore stopped you from coming to see us?""Why?" Calla asked petulantly. There didn't seem to be any reason why Uncle Moony couldn't see them during the Summer, so long as it wasn't the full moon."He has his reasons," Uncle Moony said, and Calla noticed Harry grit his teeth. Neither of them particularly liked being left out of the loop, really, though Harry was a lot more explicit about his anger surrounding the topic. "The point is, I've gotten permission to take you two to my house for the rest of the holidays. And I'm sure Petunia and Vernon won't have an issue with that."Aunt Petunia sniffed from behind them and Calla turned, frowning. "Remus, here is the key for the cupboard. I'm sure you three can manage all of your... supplies.""Of course, Petunia," Uncle Moony said, taking the key from her. "Right, you two, pack everything else you need and bring your owls down, I'll get your School things out for you, Okay?"The twins nodded and bounded up the stairs. "Wonder why Dumbledore wanted us here for so long," Harry said, and Calla shrugged."I wonder a lot of things about him," Calla told Harry. "I'm more concerned about our letters, to be honest. I told you that we weren't forgotten.""Yeah," Harry said, as he picked up Hedwig's cage. She squawked in excitement, ruffling her feathers like she was ready to just take flight and get out of the messy room. Calla fully blamed Harry for the state their bedroom was in, of course. "You'll get out soon, girl," he said to Hedwig, soothing her."Uncle Mooney's come for us," Calla told her owl, and realised how potentially confusing the choice of name could be. "I'll let you out as soon as I can."Moony nodded as though she understood, and Calla dropped the last of her owl treats into the cage, where Moony quickly gobbled them all up. "Have you got your case and everything packed?" she asked Harry, who was scrambling about trying to collect things."Almost," he said, crawling under the bed to receive four rolled up pairs of socks. Calla grimaced at the sorry state they were in."Well, I'm bringing my things down now," Calla said, grabbing the suitcase she'd barely bothered to properly unpack. "I'll take Hedwig with me: she looks like she wants out of this room as soon as she can.""Yeah, sure," Harry said, taking his scarlet and gold Gryffindor decorations down from the wall. Calla hadn't bothered putting up anything for Ravenclaw, mostly because it would clash terribly with Harry's colour scheme, and also because she had no desire to have her reminders of school torn down by angry Dursleys one day.Calla huffed as she lugged everything down the stairs, Moony squawking loudly when she caught sight of Dudley. He gasped, and reached out for a moment as if to pet the owl before she snapped her beak at him and he recoiled. Stifling a laugh, Calla set the two owl cages down."Harry's just putting everything together," she said to Uncle Moony. "There's loads of Gryffindor posters up on the walls, and he's taking forever to get them off without tearing anything.""I assume you haven't put up anything for your own house pride, then?" Uncle Moony asked, smile flickering."I don't really fancy living in a room with such an awfully mismatched colour scheme, no," Calla told him, grinning. "Plus, I'm plenty proud of my house as it is, given we won the House Cup last year instead of Gryffindor."Uncle Moony snorted."You have school houses, too?" Dudley asked abruptly, before clamping his hand over his mouth like he'd said something wrong."Yes, Dudders," Calla said, quirking up an amused eyebrow and sharing a grin with her godfather. "Four of them. There's the boring ones, the annoying ones, the dumb ones - that's Harry's house - and the cool ones. That's me. I'm cool.""I'll ignore the fact that you just insulted me, too," Uncle Moony said lowly, eyes glimmering."Okay, the dumb ones except from Uncle Moony, who should have been in the cool one. Ravenclaw."Dudley was still staring at the two of them, and he cocked his head to the side. Just as he opened his mouth, Harry clattered down the stairs with his case, pyjamas poking out from where the zip should have been. Clearly, he'd been struggling, and Calla stifled a laugh."Are we ready to go?" Harry asked eagerly, barely looking at Dudley. "And can I put my Gryffindor posters up when we get to yours?""Yes, I think so," Uncle Moony said. "If Calla agrees.""Well, I have plenty of house pride leftover from winning the cup, so sure thing, Harry." Calla winked at him, and he glared at her."Just because Ravenclaws revise all the time," Harry muttered, and Calla smacked him lightly on the head."There's only about three of us who actually care about revising all the time anyway," Calla said. "And Hermione revises ten times more than the whole of Ravenclaw house put together.""Are you a - a Ravenclaw, then?" Dudley asked Calla, looking perplexed. "Do you... revise?""I try," Calla said. "When the dumb house isn't dragging me into their shenanigans.""We're not dumb!" Harry protested, and Calla giggled."No, you're not, you're very... noble."Uncle Moony laughed again, and Dudley was confused once more. "So... what are the houses?""Well, there's Ravenclaw, which is my house," Calla told him, a bit confused as to why he was so suddenly interested in the goings on of the Wizarding World. Maybe he was bored with being a nuisance all the time. "We value creativity, intelligence, and individuality. And we're the best house.""Are not," Harry mumbled. "Gryffindor is. Aren't we, Uncle Moony?"Calla's godfather held his hands up. "I'm staying out of this," he said, but neither twin failed to notice the wink he sent in Harry's direction ."Anyway, Gryffindors are brave, and noble, and courageous," Harry said proudly."And reckless.""Brave," Harry reiterated. "Then there's Slytherin. We don't like Slytherins, they're mean and cruel and they're all bastards.""Ambition, cunning, resourcefulness," Calla told Dudley, rolling her eyes. "But most of them are bastards too, sometimes.""Is that all of them?" Dudley asked. "Gryff - Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, And Slytherin.""No," Calla told him. "There's Hufflepuff, too, and they're-""Don't be telling my son about all your lot," Aunt Letunia shrieked, coming into the hallway. "Dudley, were they threatening you again?""He asked us!" Harry said, before Calla prodded him sharply in the side."You can go now," Aunt Petunia sniffed, looking down her nose at the twins and Uncle Moony. "We've got the Masons coming over later anyway; we don't want you two hanging around ruining Vernon's business deals. You'd completely ruin his Japanese golfer joke.""Thank you, Petunia," Uncle Moony said, eyes cold when he looked at the Dursley woman. "Nice to see you both again. It has been so long."Before Aunt Petunia could retort with anything, Uncle Moony had picked up most of the twins' things, and each took their owls, racing to leave the house and giggling as Harry slammed the door in Aunt Petunia's house. "Are we really spending the rest of the holidays at your house, Uncle Moony?" Harry asked excitedly, bounding along on the road."Of course you are," he said with a warm smile. "Now, are you two okay with apparition again?" he asked, once they were a safe distance away from the nosy neighbours of Privet Drive.Both twins groaned. "Sure," Harry said. "Even thought it's really gross.""You get used to it," Uncle Moony chuckled, and they held onto an arm each. He drew his wand, smiled, and they disappeared into the air.

July 31st, 1992Harry and Calla were helping to wash up after dinner when they heard Uncle Mooney's shout from upstairs. "You alright, Uncle Moony?" Harry shouted, frowning at Calla, who shrugged. He'd probably bumped his shoulder off of a cabinet or stubbed his toe, but from the shouting that persisted, she concluded that may not have been the case."Bloody - house elf!" Uncle Moony shouted, and the twins' eyes gleamed."House elf?" Harry asked in a whisper."Sounds magical," Calla hissed back, and both nodded in agreement, ditching the dishes in favour of something far more interesting.They crept up the stairs together, hands on their wands. Though Uncle Moony hadn't allowed them to use their wands without supervision - and Harry was yet to realise that they could use them while in another wizard's home - both had them on them at all times, just for comfort. Following the source of noise, Calla and Harry pushed open the door to their own bedroom, to see a small, wrinkled creature with batlike ears wailing on Harry's bed."What's that?" Harry asked, eyes round in curiosity. Calla stared at the creature, trying to work out if it was ugly or cute. It was a tough line to ponder, and Uncle Moony looked at them in mild surprise."D-D-Dobby the House Elf," the creature said, and Calla frowned. Okay. She could deal with house elves. He was a bit different from Legolas, though."Right," Harry said. "Er, what's - what's happening here?""Dobby," Uncle Moony said through gritted teeth, "was just about to give me your letters from your friends. Weren't you, Dobby?""No!" the house elf protested, and Calla saw Harry's eyes glint dangerously when he shot her an angry glance. So it was Dobby's fault they hadn't gotten any letters over the Summer? "Harry Potter must not return to Hogwarts this year! Great dangers await him!""Like what?" Harry shot back, and Calla set a hand on his arm. He wasn't going to get anywhere by shouting at the elf."Dobby mustn't say!" Dobby cried. "Dobby shouldn't even be here, if Dobby's masters found out-" The house elf let out a great cry and lunged towards the wardrobe, hitting his head off of it repeatedly as Calla shrieked in horror."Please don't hurt yourself!" she cried, trying to drag Dobby away from the wardrobe. "Please, sit down, we'll hear you out." She glanced at her godfather and brother, quite afraid for the little house elf so hellbent on self destruction. "Won't we?"Dobby was beginning to sob again, and Uncle Moony grimaced. "Of course," he said. "Now, Dobby, please, don't harm yourself. Tell Harry and Calla what you have done.""D-Dobby never meant to upset Mr Potter," Dobby said, and Calla withheld a scowl at the way he didn't even notice her. "Dobby thought that if he didn't receive letters, if he thought his friends had abandoned him, then Harry Potter might not want to return to school. Dobby was only trying to protect Harry Potter, see.""So you stole all my letters?" Harry asked incredulously. "And Calla's, too?"The house elf cast great watery eyes on Calla, and she stared back at him, pursing her lips in confusion. "Dobby did not mean for Miss Potter to be affected," Dobby said in earnest. "Dobby only meant to protect Harry Potter."And that was so much better, wasn't it?"What are you trying to protect Harry from, Dobby?" Calla asked softly, trying to hide her irritation."Dobby mustn't say!" Dobby cried, and Calla held him back from flinging himself into another wardrobe. "Dobby has sworn not to say!""Dobby, please tell me!" Harry said, eyes wide and frantic. "If you tell me, then I know what to look out for!""Shan't! Can't!" Dobby shouted, and Uncle Moony grew even more exasperated with every syllable the little creature uttered. "Harry Potter mustn't return to Hogwarts! Terrible things are to happen!""Like what?" Harry cried, clearly angry. This was not getting anywhere, Calla thought with a groan. "Tell me, Dobby! We have to go back to Hogwarts!""Dobby cannot say, Mister Potter!" Dobby cried. Calla thought they'd already established that, but apparently not. "But Harry Potter must not return to Hogwarts!"And just like that, the house elf disappeared in a puff of smoke, and the twins' letters floated to the ground like yellowed butterflies. Didn't look like this would be an easy year, either, Calla thought with a grumble.xxxxxxxAugust 5th, 1992"Our Hogwarts letters are here!" Harry shouted, waking Calla up abruptly. She groaned and slapped a hand over her eyes to shield from the early morning sun."I'm tired, Harry!" she screamed back at him. "Go to sleep!""We've got loads from some Lockhart guy! Have you heard of him, Uncle Moony?"There was scrambling from the next room, moments before Uncle Moony appeared in the doorway, yawning. "Unfortunately, yes. That for Defense Against the Dark Arts?""Yep," Harry said. "Here's yours, Cal.""Thanks," she huffed, catching the letter he threw her way. It was heavier than it had been last year, though perhaps that was because of the extensive Gilderoy Lockhart book list that Harry was complaining about. Opening it up, Calla took out the equipment letter first. All the usual things, and Lockhart books. She frowned. There was an awful lot, and from what Padma had told her, his books were incredibly expensive. That wouldn't be a problem for her and Harry, she knew, but even if he'd never admitted to her, Ron's family was far from wealthy, and they had five children to buy for this year.Finding an extra piece of paper in the back of envelope, Calla frowned and opened it up.To her horror, it was a letter from McGonagall. Harry and her had been in the hospital wing when exam results had come out, and as such neither of them had found out what their grades were. Harry hadn't gotten a letter - probably because he was actually good at magic.Calla's letter told a different story.Dear Miss Potter, it read in McGonagall's blackest ink.I am writing this on behalf of Hogwarts, to inform you that while you have been accepted into the second year of education, your overall end of year results have been less than satisfactory. Your results are as follows:Calla didn't even know if she wanted to know, but she forced herself to read on.Astronomy: AcceptableCharms: OutstandingDefense Against the Dark Arts: PoorHerbology: AcceptableHistory of Magic: AcceptablePotions: Exceeds ExpectationsTransfiguration: PoorCalla groaned. She'd be willing to bet it was Charms that had saved her from expulsion - Defense had been atrocious, though Quirrel's teaching probably hadn't helped much. She thought Professor Sprout was being generous with her in Herbology, and it was only with Hermione's notes that she'd managed to even do any of the practical transfiguration.She was fairly certain it was only theory that kept her in school, and that wouldn't do her much use when it came to the more practical work this year."What's that you've got there, Calla?" Uncle Moony asked, frowning over at her letter. Calla pursed her lips: God, he'd be so disappointed in her. And she was supposed to be a Ravenclaw, too, wasn't she? She didn't feel particularly intelligent right then."J-just my exam results," Calla said. "They're all good, it's just because I didn't see them at the end of last year.""They never sent me my exam results," Harry said in confusion before Calla could warn him to keep his mouth shut.Uncle Moony looked at Calla critically and she faltered, words tunbling or. "I may or may or not have gotten a Poor in Defense. And Transfiguration. But I passed everything else!""Two classes?" Uncle Moony asked, and Calla winced at the shock on his face. Clearly he hadn't been expecting her to come out with that. "Defense i can understand - you had a simply dreadful teacher - but Transfiguration?" His eyes softened. "What happened?""I don't know," Calla mumbled, hiding her face when she felt tears stinging at her eyes. This was embarrassing enough without her turning into a blubbering mess. "I'm just not very good at the practical stuff. I get Charms because I understand the theory, but with the others I just don't get it, and I got an Outstanding in Charms and an Exceeds Expectations in Potions, but everything else was Acceptable or Poor, and I'm not usually bad at school and I did really well in muggle school and I don't get this and magic's just nonsense and I don't get it and-"She took a deep breath, trying to compose herself. "Yeah.""I can write to McGonagall and ask her to help you with Transfiguration if-""Oh, no," Calla said. "That's so embarrassing, she probably doesn't even like me since I'm so awful at her subject-""Now, Calla," Uncle Moony said sternly. "Professor McGonagall is perfectly fair, and I'm sure she'd be more than happy to help you. She wouldn't have let you continue if she didn't think you were capable of improving. She taught me you know.""Yeah," Calla sulked, "but you can actually do magic.""You can do magic, Calla," Uncle Moony assures her. "You've proved that in Charms. Don't put yourself down so much.""Yeah," Harry said, trying to reassure her but doing a terrible job so far. "You were really good when we were trying to find the stone last year.""That wasn't actually magic, though," Calla said gloomily. "Just working out riddles.""Well, I thought it was pretty cool," Harry said, slinging an arm around Calla's shoulders. "Look, Ron wrote to me too, and there's letters from Daphne and Padma from you. They'll be much more interesting than Exam results, won't they?""Sure," Calla grumbled, unable to alleviate herself of the irritation she felt. It was fine for Harry: he wasn't the one who was rubbish at magic, was he?She opened the letters from her friends, far from excited about it. They were both much the same: hoped she was having a good holiday, wishing her a belated birthday seeing as she hadn't properly received their gifts the day of, and planning to meet up to go shopping in Diagon Alley. Honestly, Calla hadn't been expecting Daphne to write her at all, but she'd pulled through, even sending some Honeydukes chocolates as a birthday present for her and Harry, which Calla was dying to delve into."What days does Ron say he can meet up, Harry?" Calla asked, peering over his shoulder."Any," Harry told her. "He's trying to arrange with Hermione's parents, too, so we can all go together. What about Daphne and Padma?""Daphne's going to France on the tenth," Calla said, "and Padma's visiting her aunt and uncle in India between the fifteenth and the thirtieth, so preferably in the next few days.""I'll write to Molly to help arrange things," Uncle Moony offered kindly. "And you two can do some homework."He didn't say her specifically, but Calla was certain that had been aimed at her.xxxxxxxAugust 9th, 1992Diagon Alley was just as amazing as Calla remembered, and she felt a familiar thrill settle into her chest. The brightly painted buildings beamed out over the shining cobbles, and Gringotts at the end of the lane appeared to have gotten even grander than the last time Calla had seen it. Giddy with excitement, Calla turned to her brother and grinned. "I'll race you to Gringotts?" she asked, and Harry smirked."You're so going to lose," he said, as Calla shook her head. "Wanna race, Uncle Moony?"Calla's godfather chuckled, shaking his head. "I think I'll just meet you two there," he laughed."Three, two, one," Calla said, and the two shot off through Diagon Alley.Robes swished around Calla, here and those of passers by, in all colours of the rainbow and of all different patterns. She could almost feel the magic that buzzed around her, and was spurred on towards the bank, grinning at the feeling of being back in the magical world properly."Made it!" she shouted, reaching the exterior wall of the bank. She looked around, spying Harry rushing up to her barely a second later, panting."Since when did you run so fast?" he asked, huffing."Since you did all of your exercise on a broomstick," Calla retorted, grinning when her brother stuck his tongue out at her. "Look," she said, pointing down the alley. "Even Uncle Moony's catching up to you."Her godfather was, in fact, quite far down the alley, but it was still fun to prod fun at her brother. When Uncle Moony caught up to them, the three went inside Gringotts, and Calla was just as entranced as she had been the first time they were there.The goblins lining bank desks were just as strangely scary, and they were just as intimidating, but something about the magic in the air made Calla grin as Uncle Moony met with a goblin to take them to their vault.Uncle Moony shifted uncomfortably in the doorway as the twins scooped up their money into pouches, and Calla smiled at the sapphire bracelet she saw sitting on a high shelf. She couldn't even reach it - and she'd have no use for jewellery right now anyway - but it was really pretty when it caught the light.Once they'd left Gringotts, they set off for Flourish and Blotts, where they were due to meet their friends. The Weasleys and Grangers were more than happy to meet up, though Padma was having to spend most of her time with Parvati and their parents. Daphne had said she'd convince her parents to let her hang out with them for a while, but they still weren't fans of her friendship choices. Calla was yet to truly realise why it mattered who Daphne was friends with, but she supposed it wasn't really her business. Daphne would tell them if she wanted to, or if she felt she had to."Harry!" a voice shouted as they neared Flourish and Blotts and the trio wheeled around to see a whole group of redheads coming towards them. "Calla!"The sight of almost all the Weasley family was slightly intimidating, Calla had to admit. "Ron!" Harry shouted, and was gone in a flash to hug his friend, grinning from ear to ear. "How have you been!""Hello, Mrs Weasley," Calla said timidly when the rest of the Weasleys met with them, giving the older woman a soft smile."Just call me Molly, dear," she said kindly. "You must be Calla? Ron's told us all about you.""Mum," Ron whined, the tops of his ears turning red as Fred and George stifled laughs."Ickle Ronnykins is all embarrassed," George taunted, and the little girl behind them grinned."Are you Ginny?" Calla asked, seeing her for the first time properly.Ginny, who looked somewhat surprised to be addressed, blinked before answering. "Yes," she said, smiling. "That's me.""Ginny's starting at Hogwarts this year," Molly told them, beaming at her youngest child. From what Ron had said, Ginny was the only girl in the Weasley family, and Calla felt a bit of sympathy for her, seeing all her brothers go off to Hogwarts and leave her behind."Yeah?" Calla asked, as they began walking, Uncle Moony chatting pleasantly to Mr and Mrs Weasley. "Are you nervous?""I guess," Ginny shrugged. "I'm just excited to be with my brothers again. I missed Ron loads when he left last year, and Fred and George didn't even get to send me a toilet seat." Calla didn't question that last part: frankly, she wouldn't have put it past the twins to actually do that. "I hope I'll be in Gryffindor like them.""I'm sure you will, if you want to," Calla told her. "The hat gave me a choice.""Did it really?" Ginny asked, curious. "Wait, there's a hat?""Yeah," Calla laughed. "Don't believe what your brothers say, you just try it on and it sorts you into your house. It said I could be in Gryffindor or Ravenclaw, so I chose Ravenclaw.""Why?" Ginny asked, wrinkling her nose. "I'd much rather be Gryffindor."Calla shrugged, trying not to take it as an insult. "My friend Daphne had already been sorted into Ravenclaw, and I didn't want her to be alone. Plus, I didn't plan on doing reckless Gryffindor things for seven years."With a laugh, Ginny pushed open the door to Flourish and Blotts, letting them all inside the quaint bookstore. It was just as nice as Calla remembered, with brightly coloured spines covering the floor to wall shelves. The only difference was a golden haired man at the front of the store, who appeared to have taken all the female attention."Calla!" Hermione's voice whispered, as she popped into view next to Ginny, dragging Padma and Parvati behind her. "It's Gilderoy Lockhart!"Oh. Calla looked at him critically. So this was the guy who'd written all of their schoolbooks? He looked more like a doomed hippie than a serious author or dark arts fighter. "He doesn't look like much," Calla said, and Hermione's mouth dropped open."I think he looks wonderful," Padma said breathlessly, and Calla snorted. Alright, he was decent looking, but he still didn't strike her as able to battle a banshee. Looks could be deceiving as her godfather always said, but Calla wasn't so sure."To each their own," Parvati said, and she and Calla high-fives over their friends' heads.Lockhart was saying something about his autobiography, which apparently depicted his entire career and the most glamourous and gruesome parts of it all. His words slowly trailed off as he caught sight of Harry, eyes bulging."Can it be?" he said, still staring at Harry, who looked quite uncomfortable. "Harry Potter."Before Calla knew it, her brother was being dragged up to the front of the store for a most uncomfortable photograph with Lockhart, who looked overjoyed at meeting the boy who lived, yet continuing to mention his own accomplishments, as if they measured up to Harry's at all. Calla decided then that she definitely didn't like that man.And then came the icing on the cake: "Young Harry and his friends here-" he gestured to the Weasleys and Calla's friends, completely disregarding her presence "had no idea that, when they stepped foot in Flourish and Blotts today for a copy of my autobiography, Magical Me, that they would actually be taught by me for this year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry."Calla tried not to groan. First Quirrelmort, now this buffoon? God, Harry would be a better Defense Agsinst the Dark Arts teacher.A whisper of "Bloody Astoria," told Calla that Daphne had arrived, and was hovering behind her shoulder.With a grin, Calla diverted her attention from Harry and hugged her friend, who held her close. "How was Summer with the pure bloods?" she asked, and Daphne chuckled."About as good as it could be. Managed not to hex the muggles yet?""Only just," Calla giggled, releasing Daphne. She looked tired, and still had the remnants of a scowl on her face, but seemed happier than she had been at Hogwarts during the last few months. "Gilderoy Lockhart's our new Defense teacher, apparently.""Oh, Merlin," Daphne huffed. "Astoria adores him - it's weird, honestly. Like, sure he's attractive and he's done some cool things, but it's just... weird.""Don't you think he's great?" Hermione asked, and Daphne snorted."No," she laughed. "Vote? Is Lockhart obsession legitimate or just plain weird? All those in favour of weird?"Calla, Daphne, Parvati, and a hesitant Ginny all raised their hands. "Point proven," Parvati said, and Padma shushed her."I want to hear what he has to say.""What, like it's interesting?""Hes done some fascinating things, Parvati.""Whatever," Parvati laughed. "Lavender and Fay said they'd meet me here about now, so I'm going to go find them." With a quick smile at the remaining girls, Parvati disappeared into the crowds of Flourish and Blotts, and Harry was finally rid of Gilderoy Lockhart."He seemed like an idiot," Ron chuckled, and Calla grinned at the offense on Hermione's face. "Alright, Harry?""Here," Harry said to Ginny, tipping the books he'd been gifted by Lockhart into a surprised Ginny's cauldron. "I don't need them."Ginny squeaked in response, and Daphne snorted with laughter. "What?" Harry asked, frowning at her."Nothing," the girls all chorused, giving a red eared Ginny a knowing look. Starstruck. It was quite cute, actually.Just then, a nasal voice came from above them and Calla groaned. "Bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter?" Draco Malfoy spat, and Calla rolled her eyes. How long would it be before Harry or Ron started a fight with him? "Getting your face all over the papers." He turned to Calla, and her stomach lurched. "Notice you didn't get invited."Calla snorted. "I don't care." It was halfway true, after all."Don't you?" Malfoy asked, arching an eyebrow. "If I was the sister of the boy who lives, I'm sure I wouldn't like to be forgotten all the time, too.""Sod off, Malfoy," Ron huffed before Calla could come up with a response. "Leave Calla alone."Seemingly unable to think of another taunt for Calla, Malfoy turned his attention to Ron. "Nice seeing you in a shop, Weasley," he sneered, and Calla noticed how Harry balled his hands into fists. "Can your parents even afford to buy anything in this place?""Malfoy!" Ron barked, and lunged towards him, only held back by Hermione and Daphne, who were both also glaring at the platinum blond bastard."Leave it," Daphne said coolly. "He isn't worth your time."Malfoy's eyes lit up. "Ah, Greengrass. See you're still hanging out with mudbloods and blood traitors. How do mum and dad think of them?"A flicker of hurt came over Daphne's face, before she composed herself. "I don't need to talk to you," she replied, glaring down her nose in a way that only Daphne could. "Come on, let's go."She grabbed Calla, Hermione, and Padma by the wrists and pulled them out of the shop, trying to regain her composure. "Malfoy's an arsehole," Padma growled, looking darkly over her shoulder. "We'll go back in for our things once he's gone."They nodded, leaning against the wall of the apothecary. "I hope Harry and Ron don't go picking a fight with him," Hermione fretted, looking over her shoulder every few seconds."They'll be fine," Padma said, waving a dismissive hand. "Come on, I want ice cream."xxxxx"Strawberry, raspberry ripple, eggnog, and..." What had Daphne asked for again? "Pumpkin strudel?"Mr Fortescue smiled as he conjured up their ice creams. "Are you all set for Hogwarts, then, Miss?" he asked."Just about," Calla said shyly. "My friends and I just need to get our books and things.""I see," Me Fortescue chuckled. "Fan of that Gilderoy Lockhart?"Calla grimaced. "Not really no."Grinning, Mr Fortescue held out the ice creams to Calla. "One galleon and two sickles, please.""Thank you," Calla said, handing over the money and taking their ice creams. "It was nice to meet you, Mr Fortescue!"xxxxMeanwhile, Ron had not taken Malfoy's comments sitting down. "You should learn to shut your mouth, Malfoy," he spat."Or what, Weasley?""Ron, relax," Harry said, biting his lip. Calla had disappeared with the other girls, and he was beginning to wish he'd gone with them. He had no desire to get into a fight with Malfoy."What, Potter?" Malfoy sneered. "I thought you loved having everyone's eyes on you.""Leave him alone," Ginny warned, and Malfoy laughed before Harry could give her a thankful smile."Look, Potter!" he mocked. "You've got yourself a girlfriend!""Shut up, Malfoy!" Ron shouted, and before Harry knew what was happening he had lunged towards the blond boy, who actually looked rather scared for once."Ron!" Mr Weasley's voice bellowed, just as Uncle Moony shouted: "Harry!"Harry knew they were in trouble when both men came over looking equally frustrated. "Don't go picking fights," Uncle Moony reminded Harry, who was quite put out. He hadn't even started it, and it was Ron who had tried to jump Malfoy anyway."Come on," Mr Weasley said, taking Ron and Ginny by the arms. "Enough of this, let's go outside.""Well, well, Well," drawled a voice and Harry turned around to see a man who could only be Malfoy's father. "Arthur Weasley. Remus Lupin." He gave curt nods to each. "What a pleasant surprise."He was clearly respected, as people moved out of the way they saw him, though Harry didn't really see how someone like him could be so respected. He made his way over to their group and stood with his hand of Draco's shoulder, both sneering in the same precise manner."Lucius," Mr Weasley said in a cold voice."Busy time at the Ministry, I hear. All those raids. I hope they're paying you overtime?" Malfoy Senior asked.Uninvited, he reached into little Ginny's cauldron and rifled in it before takin out, rather than the glossy new Lockhart books, a battered second-hand copy of 'The Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration'. He laughed softly. "Obviously not, by the looks of this. Tell me, Arthur, what is the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if you don't even get paid well for it?"Harry's hands bunched into fists, as did Ron's. Now Harry knew where Malfoy got his cruelty from, though it was rather a shame he'd had to grow up with a father like that. Still, he'd grown up with the Dursleys, and he knew he was nothing like Malfoy. Mr. Weasley flushed a deep shade of beetroot. "It seems we both have very different views on what disgraces the name of a wizard, Malfoy," he said, and Uncle Moony nodded"Clearly," Lucius said, his abnormal eyes drifting to where Hermione's parents stood with Mrs Weasley, fretfully, and to dishevelled Uncle Moony. "The company you keep, Weasley. And I thought your family could sink no lower -"He didn't even get to finish his sentence. Metal clunked as Ginny's cauldron went flying, and Uncle Mooney's eyes widened in shock. Mr. Weasley had thrown himself at Malfoy, knocking him backward into a bookshelf. Dozens of books clattered off their shelves and onto their heads, the kids being shielded by Uncle Moony while Fred and George cheered for their father. Mrs. Weasley shrieked At Mr Weasley from across the shop to stop the fight, and the crowd stampeded backward, knocking more shelves over while the frantic shop assistant was desperately trying to break everyone up."Alright!" Uncle Moony shouted, grabbing Mr Weasleys arm and pulling him off of Malfoy. "That's enough, settle down. We've had quite enough drama for one day.Mr Malfoy glared at him, looking down his snooty, too pale nose. He was still holding Ginny's old Transfiguration book and thrust it at her, silver eyes full of malice."Here, girl - take your book. It's the best your father can give you."Turning away from Mr Weasley, he beckoned for Malfoy to follow him out of the shop, casting a final dark look over his shoulder."Right," Uncle Moony said to the still rather shocked shoppers. "I suppose that's quite enough for one day. What do you say we get our things and go find the girls, alright?"Harry nodded, slightly disheartened. He would have loved to see Malfoy and his father taken down a peg - or two, or three, or seven hundred. But, like most things, that would just have to wait.

September 1stThe big day arrived suddenly, time changing from August to September in no time at all. Calla was more than ready to return to Hogwarts, missing her friends. She'd seen Daphne, Parvati, Hermione and the Weasleys Of course, but she'd only exchanged a few letters with Zacharias and the other Ravenclaws in her year. Her letters from Ginny were the most frequent, as the girl seemed to be bursting with questions about Hogwarts that she didn't trust her brothers to answer honestly, and Calla couldn't wait to see her getting sorted, as the anticipation for it made up most of her letters.Calla grinned to herself as she read the latest one, about how she couldn't wait to get into Gryffindor and become friends with the other girls, and about how Fred and George had taken the family's car out for a flight a few days ago and very nearly gotten caught by their mum as she watched from her window. It seemed she would be just as vibrant and prone to pranking as her brothers. Calla couldn't say that was a bad thing."Come on, Calla!" Harry shouted, and she stuffed her letters into her trunk. "We'll be late!"She chuckled and stroked Moony's feathers, earning a hoot from the owl. Locking the cage door, she took the owl in one hand and her trunk in the other, ignoring the end of a Ravenclaw scarf that hung out the edge."Got everything?" Uncle Moony asked as they stood by the door, bouncing in anticipation."Checked and double checked," Harry assured him with a grin. "Can we go now?""Of course," Uncle Moony said, eyes glimmering with mirth. "Ready for some side-along apparition?"Both twins held back groans as their stomachs twisted and they were swept away, landing in King's Cross not a moment later. "That was horrible," Harry said, grimacing."It's better than the last time, at least," Calla said, though she agreed it was a pretty disgusting feeling.She glanced up at the station clock, seeing that it was twenty to eleven already. "We should try and get good seats on the train," Calla told her brother, making her way towards the barrier between platforms nine and ten."Come on!" she called over her shoulder to Harry, who was far behind her and Uncle Moony."I want to wait on the Weasleys!" Harry shouted back at her, and she rolled her eyes."And what if they're already on the platform?" she questioned. "Come on, Harry, I want to get a good compartment for us.""I'm waiting," Harry said, sulking, and Calla exchanged an exasperated glance with Uncle Moony, who just chuckled."Suit yourself," she told him, turning back towards the barrier. "I'm going."Grinning, Calla rushed through the barrier with her trunk and cage in hand. It felt different than the last time, like she was stuck in jelly as she tried to pass through the brick wall, but she came out the other end fine, albeit a little dazed. Uncle Moony appeared a moment later, sighing. "Harry assures me that he can wait on his own for the Weasleys," he said, and Calla rolled her eyes. Her brother was too stubborn for his own good sometimes, she thought. "I'll help you onto the train with your things, alright?""Thank you, Uncle Moony," Calla said with a smile, heaving her trunk up the steps onto the Hogwarts Express. It was just as gorgeous as she remembered, mahogany panels along by the windows, frosted glass that changed and made different shapes every time she looked."Have fun, Calla," Uncle Moony said, and Calla checked her watch anxiously. It was five to eleven now, and she couldn't see Harry or any of the red headed Weasleys. "I'm sure they'll be through in a moment.""Yeah," Calla said, and gave Uncle Moony a quick hug. "I'm going to find the other girls, I'll send you a letter once I get to my dormitory, okay?""Enjoy the train ride," Uncle Moony grinned, and she left to find her friends, wherever they were.After looking in what seemed like every compartment on the train, Calla spotted Daphne, Padma, and Hermione sitting in a large compartment, with Parvati,Lavender Brown, and Daphne's little sister Astoria, laughing about something."Hey, guys," Calla greeted, lifting her trunk up onto the rack and setting Moony down. It was two minutes to eleven. "Can you see Harry or Ron out there? He was waiting on the Weasleys.""No gingers out there," Lavender said, wrinkling her nose. "Oh, wait! I can see the twins!"Calla peered our the window, seeing six Weasleys rushing towards the train, laden with school trunks which they heaved up onto the train together, Molly Weasley fussing over a reluctant Ginny. But where were Harry and Ron?It seemed Ginny leapt onto the train just in time, as Calla felt the train jolt and she fell backwards, almost squashing Hermione. "Those idiots," she muttered. "They've missed the train.""You're kidding!" Parvati laughed, finding the situation far funnier than Calla was."Starting the year off in style?" Daphne asked. "Maybe they've found their own way to get there."Calla groaned, pressing her face into her palms. "The flying car." She looked up and leapt out into the hallway. "Fred and George Weasley!" The twins both turned around with Ginny, looking startled. "Come over here now!"xxxx"We can't have missed the train!" Harry cried, as the clock chimed eleven. He banged on the barrier, but it was completely blocked over. "Why couldn't we get through?""Well, I don't know," Ron said, frustrated. "It's completely sealed." A fearful look overcame his face. "What if mum and dad can't get out?""They can apparente at least," Harry said, thinking of Uncle Moony. "How are we meant to get to Hogwarts?"Ron groaned, leaning against the barrier. "What if we've been kicked out?" he asked nervously. "I don't think Dumbledore likes us as much after what happened with Quirrel.""If anyone got kicked out, it was Calla," Harry said in bitterness, then immediately regretted his words when Ron looked at him in confusion."What do you mean?" he asked. "He gave her, what, fifty points last year? You only got twenty.""She failed two of her exams," Harry explained with a sigh as Ron's eyes widened. "But you can't tell anyone, and don't let her know that I told you or she'll have my head.""I won't, I swear," Ron said quickly. "Which subjects was it?""Ron!" Harry hissed, and he looked down sheepishly."Sorry." There was a moment of awkward silence between them before Ron gasped and looked up. "I've got it!" he cried, eyes gleaming"Got what?""We have a flying car!" Ron shouted, grabbing Harry's wrist. "Come on, it's just outside."A flying car? It was perfect, Harry thought. He rushed outside with Ron, who dragged him over to an old Ford Anglia, grinning in elation."This is great!" Harry announced, putting his trunk in the backseat and clambering into the front with Ron. He let Hedwig out of her cage and she hooted. "Stay close, girl," he told her, as Ron revved up the motor."Let's go!" he cried, and the car began to slowly levitate, then faster and faster and higher and higher until they were soaring over London and King's Cross was a speck below them.Calla didn't know what she was missing out on, Harry thought as he leaned back against the passenger seat. They'd go down in history for this spectacular entrance.xxxxThe Weasleys found the situation a lot more hilarious than Calla did. "That's brilliant!" Fred cried, wiping tears of laughter from his eyes. "Mum's going to go mental!""If she sends him a howler I think I'll cry of happiness!" George declared, face scrunched up in laughter."What if they get hurt?" Calla protested. "Then you'll get in trouble for not trying to help!"That did seem to dampen the twins' spirits, and Ginny's face fell entirely. "What can we do them?" she asked."I'm sending a letter to Harry, hopefully Moony can track him and get him to be sensible. You're going to get Percy's owl and send a letter to your parents being the responsible brothers that you are."Fred wrinkled his nose. "That doesn't really sound like us.""Yeah, no offense, Calla, but we have a reputation to uphold.""Fine," She said. "I'll let Percy know you were willing to let Ron and Harry get hurt for your reputation. He won't shut up about it for months, I'm sure.""Alright!" George cried. "We'll do it, okay? You... go and do whatever you want to do. Here." He shoved Ginny towards Calla, and she glared at him. "She needs to make friends."The youngest Weasley stuck out her tongue at her brothers who walked away, and then turned to Calla. "Brothers are stupid," she said matter-of-fact ly, walking down the way Calla had come. "But you already knew that.""I sure do."Calla scrawled out a hasty letter to Harry before feeding Moony an owl treat and sending her away, hoping that she would find Harry. Owls had a certain talent for directions, and they wouldn't be far from the train by now anyway, would they? Parvati and Lavender had vacated the compartment in search of the other Gryffindor boys, no doubt to tell them about Harry and Ron's escapades, but Astoria Greengrass seemed reluctant to leave her sister's side. Calla thought it was sweet, but Daphne kept sending her glared every time she got involved in their conversation.Eventually Astoria got bored of trying to talk to her sister and their friends, instead just talking to Ginny. Much to Calla's surprise, they got on like a house on fire, chatting away about how annoying their families were, and what classes they were most looking forward to at Hogwarts, and Astoria got Ginny to shriek with laughter when she told a joke about her Uncle Hector and his affinity for badly transfiguring his face to look like a cat's.It wasn't until the trolley witch had already come back that Fred and George popped in to say that they'd gotten a reply from their mother, furious with Ron as expected, saying that she'd informed Professor McGonagall and that she and her husband were on their way up to the school the second they sent the letter. The twins couldn't wait to see Ron's face when their plan failed spectacularly, of course, and Calla just laughed while Hermione sighed about their stupidity. They'd get what they were due.xxxx"Is that Moony?" Harry wondered aloud, turning to look out the window. He and Ron had been driving for hours now, and their arrival was looking less and less exciting. They'd probably be exhausted by the time they arrived."Calla's owl?" Ron asked, peering over him. "You're right.""She's going to kill me, isn't she?" Harry asked, putting his head in his hands. Flying the car had seemed like a good idea at the time, but he knew that Calla would never have agreed to fly with them if she'd been blocked from going through."Might as well find out now," Ron said grimly, turning the car slightly so that it met Moony, who squawked rudely in Harry's face, no doubt echoing Calla's sentiments.He took the letter form the glaring bird, and opened it shakily. "At least it's not a Howler," Ron said, as he began to read.To Harry James Potter, it read. Clearly she was in a bad mood with him.I'm not entirely sure why you thought it would be a good idea to miss the train, but you did. I'm assuming that you took the Weasleys' flying car that Ginny told me about, in which case I really hope one of you knows how to drive that thing or you might as well turn it off and dive towards a river anyway. (Please don't actually do that, annoyed as I am I don't want you to get stuck in a river in the borders.) I've gotten the twins to write to Mrs Weasley - Ron groaned at that - and she's written to Hogwarts so that they'll be waiting for you and won't be too worried about where the heck you disappeared off to.Anyway. We're all very annoyed with you on the train - by which I mean me, Ginny, Daphne, Hermione, Padma, and Daphne's little sister Astoria - so please don't go flying a car to school again, if you are in the car, because it's stupid. And dangerous, and you're probably going to get Gryffindor into minus house points by the time you get there. I'll see you at Hogwarts, if you don't get yourselves expelled.From your incredibly annoyed sister,Calla Potter"She's annoyed," Harry sighed, scrunching the letter up, ignoring Moony's indignant squawk. "I'm not writing back to her, we'll see her once we get to school anyway.""Mhmm." Ron's stomach grumbled. "I just want to get to the feast already. I'm starving, and this invisibility booster's doing my head in."Harry couldn't be bothered dignifying that with a response.xxxx"Come on, Calla, I want to get a decent carriage!" Daphne insisted, pulling her away from the compartment's open window."Harry hasn't sent me a reply yet," Calla fretted, and Daphne rolled her eyes."You'll see him soon enough," Hermione assured her, though she looked worried too. "Let's just get going, right?""Bye, Guys!" Ginny and Astoria called over their shoulders, rushing down to see Hagrid.Both girls had quietened down as they'd approached the station, no doubt nervous about their sortings. Daphne said she was almost certain Tori would be in Slytherin, but Calla thought Ginny was a sure Gryffindor, which would definitely cause some complications for them.The girls leapt into an empty carriage just ahead of some older Hufflepuffs, who grumbled and walked away. Calla tugged down her left sleeve, hiding the blackened skin from her time in the potions room, hoping nobody had spotted it. She still needed to find her map, she realised with a start. Maybe Dumbledore had picked it up?"Those two had better be arriving soon," Padma said, anxiously looking at the darkening sky. "Or they won't be able to find their way.""Oh, don't say that, Padma," Calla sighed. Annoyed as she was with her brother and Ron, she didn't want to see either of them hurt."Let's not worry, alright?" Daphne said, sighing. "I just want my dinner."But as they traipsed into the Great Hall, weary from travelling all day, Calla could have sworn she saw a blue car crash into a tree. "For god's sake."

September 1stThe first thing Calla noticed when she entered the Great Hall was that it was far emptier than it had been when she walked in last year. Of course, the first years hadn't been Sorted yet, so their absence was all too obvious, but there was something else that nagged at the back of her head. She noticed it after a few moments, when her gaze drifted up to the staff table: Snape wasn't there.She didn't need Daphne's helpful, "They're really in for it now," to deduce why Snape wasn't there. Obviously, he'd decided that he wanted to meet Harry and Ron when they got out of that god forsaken flying car, and Calla tried not to groan at the realisation.Yes, she thought. They really were in for it now.Calla could hardly concentrate on the sorting, only clapping when the hat called "Ravenclaw!" every so often, and when she saw Ginny's familiar flaming hair rush over to the Gryffindor table. She hadn't taken much note of the new Ravenclaws, but for a dreamy looking blonde girl, and a sour faced boy with dark hair, who looked as though he would rather be anywhere but Ravenclaw at that moment in time. Of course, Calla would much rather know what the heck was happening to her brother than be sat in the Great Hall with Lisa Turpin continuously glaring at her for reasons she couldn't be bothered trying to work out right now, so she couldn't blame him.The feast passed in a blur of mundane conversation, chatter about the holidays and new Quidditch brooms, chatter Calla really didn't care that much about. She only answered when a question was posed to her, and even then Lisa kept telling her to speak up, but she couldn't help if she was preoccupied with concern over her brother. What if he got expelled? What if he'd been hurt? What if, what if, what if?"Miss Potter," a voice squeaked from behind her and Calla jumped, turning around to see Professor Flitwick staring up at her. She swallowed her chicken and smiled at him."Hello, Professor Flitwick," she said pleasantly. "Did you enjoy your holidays?""Yes, I did," he beamed. "Very much so. I have something for you, entrusted to me by Professor Dumbledore. There's some rather tricky charmwork on it, if my deductions are correct, but I couldn't figure out what to say to open it." He winked at her and produced the Marauder's Map, making Calla's chest flood with relief. "I commend you.""Thank you, Professor," Calla said, taking the map. "But I'm afraid it wasn't my charms work that did it. It's a - an old family heirloom.""I see," Flitwick said, raising his eyebrows. "In that case, let us hope that you will continue your family's excellent charms work, yes?""Absolutely, Professor," Calla grinned, as he smiled at her before returning to the staff table."Come on, Calla," Padma said, elbowing her sharply in the side. She realised with a jolt that the feast was almost over, and everyone was getting up to go to their dormitories. Glancing over to the Gryffindor table, she noticed that Hermione was sitting with Neville, and there was no Harry or Ron in sight. Brilliant, she thought, standing up and linking arms with Parma and Daphne. The year couldn't have gotten off to a better start, could it?September 2ndCalla had slept only fitfully, dreams slipping every so often into nightmares. Harry, mangled in the wreckage of the flying car. Her, crawling in flames along the floor of the potions room last year. Harry, with a broken arm and sobbing after a Quidditch accident. Ron, screaming in pain stuck in a smoking car.She shuddered awake, lurching upwards in the darkness. The sun had barely risen, and she shivered as she placed her bare feet down on the freezing cold floor. There was no point in trying to get back to sleep now, she decided, and took out her map.Getting it back was perhaps the only truly decent thing that had happened since she'd left for the Hogwarts Express, but she realised with a start that now she could know for definite if Harry was okay.Sure enough, when she got the map open her eyes were drawn to Harry and Ron's names, showing them sound asleep in their dorm in Gryffindor Tower. She smiled to herself, pushing up to her feet. The library had been one of her favourite places to visit last year, even if most of her visits revolved around foiling plots to restore dark wizards to their former reign of terror, but more than that, it was the best place to begin her year. She'd vowed that she would be a better student this year, and she fully intended to keep that vow.There was no one out of their towers at this time, only Filch on the seventh floor and Professor Sprout pottering about in the greenhouses. Smiling to herself, Calla took a few moments to get herself washed and ready for the day before she left, making her way out of Ravenclaw Tower. A prefect with glasses sat dozing in one of the armchairs, and Calla tiptoed past her, just in case she awoke.The halls were deserted, and indeed only Madam Pince occupied the library when Calla entered. She raised her eyebrows but said nothing - technically, it was no longer night, so she wasn't breaking any of the school rules.Her two Poor grades had been in Defense Against the Dark Arts and Transfiguration, so Calla decided those were the subjects she would begin improving on. "Could you possibly direct me towards the Transfiguration section, please, Miss?" Calla asked Madam Pince, whose eyes narrowed behindbher glasses."Of course," she said slowly, leading Calla over to the far right of the library. "Second year material is this shelf here.""Thank you," Calla said, smiling.While she had all of her usual textbooks, there were still ones that went into more detail on how to cast spells, and how to propel more power into her casting. Calla remembered that, last year, Zach had told her a witch named Dervina Twicks was good at explaining precisely how to gather the energies required for casting spells, and she was pleased to find she had tomes on both Transfiguration and Defense Against the Dark Arts.After roughly half an hour of reading, however, Calla found she was taking in very little about how spells actually worked. Whether it was the early morning or the fact that the writing was so small the words kept jumping around the page, Calla didn't know, but she eventually came to the conclusion that she'd be better off just returning to her dorm and getting ready for breakfast."Morning," Daphne called when Calla walked in, books tucked under her arm. "Don't tell me you've been in the library?""I have," Calla laughed, setting the books on her bed."So much for reversing house stereotypes," Padma said with a giggle, as Lisa hunted frantically in her bag for something."You alright, Lisa?" Calla asked, and she looked up with a pout."No," she snapped, hands on her hips. "I can't find my hairbrush.""You can borrow mine," Padma offered, but Lisa shook her head."I don't like borrowing other people's things," she said with a sniff. "It's unhygienic."Padma shrugged, and she exchanged a pitying look with Calla. "Suit yourself. Come on, Calla, Daphne. I don't know about either of you, but I'm starving.""I've got to go find that brother of mine, too," Calla added, hand moving to the Maruader's Map tucked away in her brown satchel. "And tell him what an idiot everyone thinks he is after the stunt he pulled yesterday."Across the dorm, Lisa chuckled. "I, personally, thought it was brilliant.""Well, I think he's lucky not to have been expelled," Calla grumbled. Heavens knew, if it had been almost any other second year, they would have been on trial for what they did - not that she in any way wanted that fate for her brother. "Or broken his neck.""You don't have to be so uptight about it," Lisa laughed, and Calla narrowed her eyes. "Lighten up, Potter.""Let's go," Padma said, with a wary glance at Daphne, who was currently glaring at Lisa as though she would take great pleasure in slapping her until she couldn't feel the muscles in her face."She's a cow," Daphne said the second they closed the dorm door, beginning their descent into the common room."She's not all bad," Calla reasoned, though she too was unable to keep her dislike for the girl out of her voice. "She's just annoying sometimes. I don't think she ever means to be mean or rude - it kind of just slips out.""She's still a cow.""Stop talking about cows and start talking about lions," Padma said, with a nod in the direction of her sister and Lavender Brown, who were coming down the stairs towards them. "They'll know what's up with Harry and Ron, as much as Hermione does."The trio rushed to the two girls, who were giggling as they greeted them. "Have you seen Harry and Ron?" Calla asked, and Lavender shook her head with a giggle."No, but Hermione says she's going to kill them for being such idiots."Calla couldn't quite contest that sentiment. "Fair enough. Are they in the tower?""Seamus said they're all going down together," Parvati informed Calla with a smile, and placed her hand on her shoulder. "Don't worry about it, Calla. As far as any of us know, they're fine and none of them are getting expelled. Hermione says that she doubts McGonagall will give them too bad of a punishment, even though they can't exactly give a great explanation.""He had better give me a brilliant explanation," Calla grumbled, to the chuckles of her friends. She looked up at the portrait of the Fat Lady as it swung open, revealing five Gryffindor boys and a loudly complaining Hermione. Her eyes fastened into firm steel. "Harry James Potter!" she shrieked up the stairs, and he jumped noticeably, staring at her."Hi, Cal!" he called cheerfully, only further boiling Calla's blood. "How are you?""I'm absolutely furious!" she shouted back at him. Much to Daphne's delight, she began her ascent storming up the stairs to the group of six, where both Harry and Ron looked completely bewildered by her anger. "You stole a car!""We couldn't get through to the platform," Harry whined, as Calla withdrew her hand and pressed it to his chest. She couldn't exactly do much with it, but his eyes still widened at the action."And clearly you also couldn't muster up any common sense to wait for Uncle Moony and the Weasleys to go back through and find you!""We panicked!""There's a difference between panicking and being an idiot," Calla snapped. Ron lay a hand on her arm and she shrugged him off. "What?""Cool it, Calla," he told her, smile softer than she would have liked."No," she said. "And this is your fault too, Ronald Weasley, so don't think you're getting off scot-free either. Now, which one suggested taking the car?" Ron looked sheepishly at the floor and Harry's eyes flickered towards him momentarily. "Exactly. You both could have gotten yourselves killed, and quite frankly it would have been nowhere near worth it just to what? Make an entrance? Have a laugh? Didn't you even think of the consequences?""Not really, no," Harry admitted. "We just... thought it was the easiest option." He winced, laying a hand on her shoulder and pushing her wand down to her side. "I didn't mean to upset you, Cal."She exhaled. "I know that," Calla huffed, wrapping her arms around Harry. "But you bloody terrified me, no one knew where you were. What if you'd gotten hurt, Harry?""I'm sorry," he whispered, hugging her back. "But we are both fine. We've only got a couple detentions for it, so it's not like anything bad's happening to us because of it."Quite frankly, Calla could have figured that out for herself, but she didn't see the sense in pointing that fact out. "I know," she told him, stepping away and giving Ron a half smile. "Come on, let's get to breakfast. You've probably heard everything else I want to say from Hermione by now, anyway.""That is probably true," Hermione added, grinning as the group started down the stairs to the Great Hall. "I, for one, am still furious.""Rightly so."Chatter rose around them the second Calla entered the Great Hall, grinning at the atmosphere. Hardly anyone stared at them now the way they did when they first arrived last year, except for a handful of excited first years. "I'll see you in class," Calla told Harry, giving him a quick hug before going on her way with Padma and Daphne."I think you scared the pants off of Ron, by the way," Padma told Calla, giggling."Padma, I am probably the least intimidating person in this entire school.""Not when you're scolding someone like you're their mother," Daphne snorted. "Speaking of which." She pointed to the Gryffindor table, and it took Calla a moment to realise that there was an owl headed straight for Ron, clutching a red envelope in its clutches."Ron's got a Howler," Padma gasped, clutching Calla's arm."And That is?""You'll see," Daphne assured her, gleefully. "Oi, Weasley!" she shouted over the din, as Ron began to turn pink. "See you've got a Howler!""Shut up, Greengrass!" Ron called back, though he was now going quite white. He whispered something to Harry, who immediately leaned away and gave Calla a rather scared glance.Smoke was beginning to rise from the envelope, as the students watched with bated breath to see what happened. Ron watched on in horror as the Howler finally exploded, and Molly Weasley's voice rang out."Ronald Bilius Weasley!" she shrieked, and the entire Gryffindor table cringed. "How dare you steal that car? I am absolutely disgusted! Your father is facing an enquiry at work, and it is entirely your fault!" Calla shot Ron a sympathetic glance across the hall, one which he did not seem to recognise, ear tips reddening. "If you put another toe out of line, we'll bring you straight back home!" Ron groaned and lay his head down on the table. "And Ginny, dear," the Howler continued, turning on the youngest Weasley, just as embarrassed as Ron, "congratulations on making Gryffindor. Your father and I are so proud."With that, the envelope blew a raspberry at Ron and exploded into red confetti, raining over the disgruntled Weasley. Daphne snorted from beside Calla, reaching for a slice of toast and eying Ron with a teasing smirk. "He's so never going to live that down," she declared, as Padma giggled alongside her. Calla fixed her eyes on Harry, who was doing an awful job at trying to comfort Ron."We should see if he's alright," Calla said, more to Padma than Daphne. The latter still appeared to be in stitches over Ron's humiliation. "Hermione looks like she agrees with the Howler, and my brother's rubbish at comforting people.""He'll be fine," Daphne insisted, waving a hand in the air. "Besides, Flitwick looks like he's making a beeline for us."Indeed he was, Calla noticed, looking up. The short wizard was skipping in joy along the aisle in the Great Hall, clutching rolls of parchment that could be nothing other than their timetables for the year ahead. The thought perked Calla up with almost immediate effect, thoughts of the walk down to Potions to see Hufflepuff, and of the long evening treks to the Astronomy Tower.She just hoped her second year at Hogwarts wouldn't be as dramatic as the first.

September 2ndIt had taken Calla all of five minutes during Lockhart's first lesson to deduce that he was the worst Ravenclaw ever to Ravenclaw. And considering that Lacey Fairbairn in fourth year had somehow managed to answer a riddle so badly the common room had constructed its own sentient barrier to keep her out until Flitwick charmed it to stop being annoying, that was saying something.Despite not liking him at first, Calla at least wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt. After all, Hermione seemed to think he was quite wonderful, and even if her judgement could be flawed, Calla figured she ought to attempt to understand her friend's point of view. It was a struggle."I think today we'll start the lesson off with a pop quiz," Lockhart announced, and Calla groaned. It was better than having to do any practical work, yes, but considering her dismal marks last year, a pop quiz was not going to be fun.Wow, she realised, looking at Lisa and Padma's excited exchanges to Terry. Maybe she was also set on track to be the worst Ravenclaw ever to Ravenclaw. "On me," Lockhart finished, and Calla's head snapped up. She'd read all his textbooks, and could honestly say there was more about him than there was any banshee, werewolf, or vampire. "Now, it's just a short quiz..."Calla zones out as the parchment was handed to everyone, a seemingly endless list of questions before her. Their subject matter ranged from Lockart's favourite colour to his greatest achievements, and it made her a little nauseous. She was sure Harry wouldn't be able to restrain himself from laughing when he took this class."Professor," Lisa called to Lockhart before he quiz started. He turned around, seeming confused as to who the professor was before he realised it was him. "You haven't registered us."Calla was torn between dreading the inevitable 'Miss Potter, it's an honour' and not being able to contain her excitement at the concept of Lockhart realising he'd missed her in Diagonal Alley.Lockhart blanched, and then put on an entirely fake looking smile. "Of course! Just testing you! Now..." he fumbled about in his desk, before withdrawing a scroll of parchment. "This is your register! Right, second year Slytherin and second year Ravenclaw, altogether, how wonderful."He started off down the list, before his eyes bulged right after Padma. Here it was. "Calla Potter?" he choked out, and she meekly put her hand up."Present, sir," she said, making her eyes as wide as possible. "Might I say it was great to see you in Diagon Alley when you were with my brother."Daphne snorted with laughter, and Calla could have sworn she saw Pansy Parkinson smirk as Lockhart tried to cover up his blunder with a smile and a toss of too gold hair. "Yes, yes," he said, grinning. "Quite."He was a mess for the rest of the register, and though Calla felt sort of bad for him - it was his first day - she couldn't help but find it amusing. Why shouldn't she manipulate everyone forgetting about her existence into something comedic?Lockhart waved hand to commence the quiz, which Calla decided she had better try to do well on. It was probably the only test she'd really do well in in Defense Against the Dark Arts all year.She knew Lovkhart's favourite colour was lilac, and that his greatest achievement was winning Witch Weekly's Best Smile Award, and seeing as most of the questions were in the same vein of vanity, it was a breeze. Lockhart was rather predictable.When Lockhart finished grading the papers, Calla wasn't much surprised that she got a mention. "And the delightful Calla Potter," he begin, with more grandeur than would ever be necessary, "has managed to do exceptionally well, knowing that I do utterly adore the colour lilac." Malfoy whistled and Calla stuck out her tongue at him. "I think we could all be taking a leaf out of Miss Potter's book. I see a certain Draco Malfoy has been grievously mistaken in believing my greatest achievement is being your teacher, and there are some answers from this batch I really don't think should be said out loud."Calla reckoned most of the answers shouldn't be said out loud. Lockhart didn't do much for the last few minutes of the lesson, saying something about how their next one would be after Harry's class, and they'd be studying Cornish Pixies, which Anthony laughed at. In fact, he looked rather out of his comfort zone, not used to not being adored by everyone, Calla supposed.It occurred to her, then, as everyone else began to pack up their bags, that she needed a better mark in Defense this year than last, and Lockhart was a rubbish teacher, but also very easily swayed by praise. She grinned to herself when the class was dismissed, waving Padma and Daphne on as she went up to greet Lockhart."Hello, Professor," she said in the most innocent tone she could manage. She curled a bit of her hair and positively skipped on the spot, widening her eyes. The picture of cuteness. "I'd just like to say thank you immensely for that lesson, I think it was really nice that you wanted to introduce yourself to the class properly, a lot of teachers don't do that. I think your books are marvellous, too.""Really?" Lockhart asked, looking a bit bewildered before he drew himself up, beaming. "Well, of course. I'm not on Flourish and Blotts' Bestseller List for nothing am I?"Calla giggled, shaking her head. "I suppose not." She shrugged, with a light smile. "Anyway, I ought to get going to my next class, but I just wanted to let you know I really enjoyed the lesson, and I can't wait for the next one!"She decided that was enough of sucking up to Lockhart she could manage that day, and with an exchange of smiles, she turned and skipped out of the door, bag bouncing on her shoulder. "What was that about?" Daphne asked as she left, the three girls falling into step together."Just wanted to let our dear Defense teacher know he much I utterly adore his textbooks and his lessons," Calla shrugged. "It's only nice."Padma gasped. "Calla!" she scolded. "We all know what you think of him, you've made it very clear on the train! It's not good to act like that.""He needed a confidence boost though, didn't he?" Daphne pointed out, echoing Calla's unsaid words. "Calla's pretty much a saint, isn't she? Saint Potter.""I'm fairly certain that's Malfoy's name for Harry," Calla giggled."He means it sarcastically.""And you don't?" Calla snorted.Daphne conceded that, smirking. "You're Just sucking up for house points, aren't you?""And good grades," Calla added, mocking offends. "And a clear conscience. What do you take me for, Daphne?""A saint," Padma quipped, causing the girls to all burst into laughter again as they skipped through the corridors, towards Transfiguration class."Morning," Calla chirped, sliding into a seat beside Harry, which everyone had had the good sense to leave empty for her. She was glad: she wanted to talk to Harry. "You okay?""No," Harry muttered. "I ended up late to Herbology because Lockhart kept trying to talk to me, and he's a pompous git."Calla snorted. "That explains why he was late for our class then.""You had him as teacher?" Harry asked, eyes wide. "Tell me, is he as awful as we thought he'd be?""Worse," Calla told him, groaning and cringing as she recounted the events."Do you think he thinks you were being serious?" Harry asked in response to her telling him about her after class conversation."Probably," Calla laughed. "I mean, I guess I feel a bit bad because no one was exactly nice to him, but he's annoying.""Fair enough." Harry shrugged and was about to add something before McGonagall clapped her hands, to start the lesson.Calla stilled herself, knowing she had to focus in this class perhaps more than any other if she was to improve on last year's results. And with that, she blocked out the rest of the world, and paid Professor McGonagall her rapt attention.xxxxThey never did get to deal with Cornish Pixies. Apparently there had been an incident with Harry's class, and thus no one had done any practical work with Lockhart, simply reading from his textbooks and commenting on anything from his 'luscious golden locks' to his 'dazzling, award winning smile'.It was a trying time.xxxxSeptember 10thZacharias Smith, bless his soul, was a natural at Transfiguration, and had offered Calla his services in exchange for Harry's Guinevere chocolate frog card. She was still working on that one, but Calla was certain she'd be able to convince her brother to her cause any day now.The library was quiet while she and Zach studied, ahead of the upcoming Transfiguration test Calla had asked Professor McGonagall to let her sit, to see how far she'd come and what she needed to improve on. Although she was still behind in Defense, the fact that Lockhart was an awful teacher meant everyone was behind in that subject, and so for the meantime, Calla wasn't bothered how she performed in that class."Calla?" Zach's voice interrupted her reading about turning mice into pincushions, and she glanced up, lips forming a slight smile."Yeah," she replied, eyes drifting along the bookshelves. "What's up?"He frowned, biting his lip. He was nervous about something, if Calla knew anything about body language, but as to what it was, she had no true idea. "Professor Snape likes you, right?"She snorted. "He doesn't blatantly despise me, if that's what you mean.""Right." Zach squeezes his eyes shut, as though cringing away from a thought. "You're really good at Potions aren't you?""I'm not really good at any thing magic-" Calla began, but he cut her off."But you are at Potions and Charms." She shrugged. It was kind of difficult to argue against, really. "Snape hates me. I don't know why, but he does, and I guess I'm not very good at Potions anyway.""Harry's the same.""I know," Zach agreed, and Calla arches an eyebrow. "Okay, hes your brother and I'm probably not allowed to speak about him the same way you speak about him, but Snape does seem to hate him. And he's rubbish at Potions. I blame Weasley.""Ron," Calla corrected. Her brow dressed as she stood up straighter, slamming her textbook shut. Madam Prince glared And shushed her, and Calla tried not to wither. It was a book, for goodness' sake. "And What are you getting at anyway?""I want to know your secret," Zacharias said. "How you got Snape to, you know, not hate you.""Oh." Calla laughed. Truth be told, she wasn't sure how she'd managed it. He might still hate her, but just was better at covering it up than he used to be. "I'm nice to him, I guess. Everyone else hates him, which probably doesn't help with the whole him hating every student who isn't Draco Malfoy situation. I'm a suck up, basically." After a few conversations with Daphne, Padma, and Hermione, she'd decided to embrace it. "If I'm nice to him, he doesn't have as much of an excuse to be a horrible person to me. I think being decent at Potions might factor, but I can help you with that if you want.""Really?" Zacharias looked surprised, but Calla wasn't sure why."Of course," she chuckled. "You're my friend, and besides, you're helping me with Transfiguration. I might as well try to repay you, right?""I guess." Zach looked up at Calla and smiled broadly, eyes sparkling with excitement. "Thanks, Calla." He smirked. "I am still getting Harry's Guinevere card though, right?""Any day now," Calla assured him with a laugh. "If you can explain to me how to get rid of the whiskers.""My pleasure." They grinned at one another, laughing, and a warmth settled over Hogwarts.

September 13thCalla was not a morning person. She was especially not a morning person on weekends. She was especially, especially not a morning person when she was awoken at five in the morning by Hedwig pecking at her window with a note from Harry saying she was supposed to go and watch the Gryffindor Quidditch Team practice."Thanks, girl," she groaned at Hedwig, pressing an owl treat into her mouth and setting Harry's note down. "Say hello to the other owls for me."Hedwig gave a hoot and dove away out the window,Leaving Calla yawning by her bed. She got washed and dressed only half awake, and brushed her teeth, reckoning she had at least three hours until breakfast even started. Brilliant.She turned to glance at Daphne and Padma, both of whom were still snoring quite contentedly, and felt a twinge of jealousy. She loved her brother, she did, but she also loved her bed. She scribbled a quick note to them to explain why she was up at such an ungodly hour of the day.Stifling another yawn, Calla shouldered her bag and a sketchbook, heading out to the Quidditch Pitch. As expected, no one else was out in the corridors at this time. Even Mrs Norris was nowhere to be seen, probably curled up happy in a catbed, cuddling into the warmth Calla already missed."You better practice brilliantly," Calla told Harry when she found him, bleary eyed. "I need my sleep, Harry.""So do I," Harry agreed, gesturing to the Gryffindor Captain. "Wood, however, thinks this is an acceptable time to get up. Which it isn't.""Yay for Wood.""Is that sarcasm I detect?" Fred asked, leaning down to ruffle Calla's hair. She gave him an unamused glare, not in the mood for her hair to be tampered with at this time in the morning. "You got up on the wrong side of the bed?""I didn't intend to get up on any side of the bed at this time in the morning."George snorted with laughter. "My sentiments exactly.""Does Wood not want you guys awake to play Quiddith or something?" Calla asked, confused as to why in the world anyone would think it a good idea to get seven sleep deprived kids on brooms fifty feet in the freezing cold air when the sun was only just starting to rise. Seriously, it was a recipe for disaster. "Or is his master Quidditch plan just for everyone to fall to their deaths and you can't lose the cup to Ravenclaw?""Of!" Wood called, just noticing her. "You're not from Gryffindor!"Okay, that clearly wasn't something he was happy about. "No," Calla told him. "Harry invited me.""Potter!" Wood shouted, making both twins flinch. "You can't have our enemies sitting in on our practices! This could compromise our techniques, Ravenclaw will know what to expect from us and we'll have to totally revamp our plans for this year!""It's okay," Harry told Wood. "Calla doesn't know anything about Quidditch plays anyway."Calla glared at Harry, but to be fair, he wasn't wrong. "I do," piped up a voice beside her, and Calla turned startled to see Faphne grinning, next to Padma. "But don't worry about it, I'll probably fall asleep in the next ten minutes anyway.""You two were asleep," Calla hissed. "Savour that."Padma shrugged. "Daphne wanted to come watch, and we were woken up when you left anyway. Lisa was furious, but I think she fell back asleep in about ten seconds anyway, so I wouldn't worry about that.""Oh." Calla giggled. "Well, I guess it's nice of you to come. Harry has five people for moral support now."She gestured to where Ron and Hermione say in the stands, both of them waving to their friends. There was also another Gryffindor in the stands. He looked like he was a first year, and judging by what Harry had told Calla about an over enthusiastic muggleborn with a camera, he was probably Colin Creevey. Harry found him infuriating, considering how he seemed to follow him everywhere, but honestly Calla thought it rather adorable."Right," Wood huffed. "Well, I'll permit the Gryffindor to stay, and Harry's sister, but you two have to go, I'm sorry. I can't have our plays leaked to the other houses."Daphne rolled here eyes. "Really, Wood, I think you'd better be more concerned with them than us."Wood frowned, just as Calla saw the haze of emerald Quidditch robes cross the pitch towards their cluster. Brilliant, she thought. The Slytherins just had to show up right now, didn't they?He turned and let out a loud groan, immediately going to shout at the Slytherin team, in true Gryffindor fashion. The rest of his team followed him in a rush, Calla getting swept up between Harry and Fred."Who's your new Seeker?" Wood asked just as Calla came within earshot, wishing she'd just stayed in bed. She didn't need any more snake-lion drama in her life than she already had.At some point, Hermione and Ron had run down to join them, and from the red tinge of Ron's ears, he was just as furious as his brothers at the revelation that Draco Malfoy was the new Slytherin Seeker. "Aren't you Lucius Malfoy's son?" Fred sneered, disgust clear on his face. None of the Weasleys were inclined to forget the Flourish and Blotts incident."You know," Flint drawled, "it's funny you should mention Draco's father. It's thanks to him we have these, after all." Calla's attention was drawn to the matching black brooms the Slytherin team all bore, each of them smirking. So they had matching brooms, big deal, she thought.Though, from the outraged gasp that came from Harry, it was clear they weren't just any brooms. "Those are Nimbus Two Thousand And One's!" he declared indignantly, and Calla nodded as if she understood the significance of his words."They sure are," Flint leered. "State of the art racing brooms. Better than the Two Thousands, and as for Cleansweeps," he shot Fred and George a looknof disdain, "sweep the floor with them. With these, we can't lose.""Yeah?" Hermione challenged, surpsin Calla. She usually didn't care about Quidditch all that much. "At least no one on the Gryffindor Team had to buy their way in!"There were laughs from the reds, but this only seemed to aggravate the Slytherins. "No one asked for you're opinion," Draco hissed at Hermione, "filthy little mudblood.""Draco!" Daphne hissed, eyes crackling in fury. If Calla didn't know better, she would have thought Malfoy was a tad intimidated by her outburst. "Apologise to Hermione!""No," he said flatly.Calla noticed Ron lunge forward and grabbed him before he could do anything stupid, like trying to attack Malfoy. "Don't," she whispered. "He's not worth it."She had only a vague idea of what the word mudblood actually meant, but from what she did know, it was clear it was a slur, one of the worst anyone could say against a muggleborn such as Hermione. Dumbledore would handle it much better than Ron could, and it was obvious he wouldn't be doing anything of us with his still broken wand.Maybe she should have kept a better eye on the twins. Two spells roared at the Slytherins, knocking five of them flat onto the ground, brooms flying in the air in all directions. "Teach you to talk like that," George growled, holding his wand tight in his hand. "Now, clear off."To Calla's surprise, some of the Slytherins did, after picking up their brooms. Only Flint, Malfoy, and one other boy remained, glaring indignantly at Gryffindor. "There's not much point in you practicing with only three members," Angelina pointed out, smirking. "Sorry. Maybe next time."Flint looked like he dearly wanted to hit her, but thought better of it, grabbing his broom and leading the other two boys inside. The doors slammed shut behind them and the Gryffindor cheered.Calla exchanged weary glances with Daphne and Padma, though her blood still boiled over Malfoy's comment. The incident seemed to only further fuel Wood's anger over the Ravenclaws sitting in on practice, and so the trio had to return to the castle, Daphne complaining loudly about Malfoy for everyone to hear.xxxxThe next month or so passed, for the most part, without incident. Calla managed to get an A on her Transfiguration test, which she'd shown to Harry the first chance she got, on a bit of a high from the improvements she'd made. She'd told Uncle Moony all about it in her letters to him, too, of course, and felt a strange sort of relief when he told her he was proud of her for it. While maybe she'd never be a Transfiguration prodigy, at least she was doing better, she told herself. Plus, her average grade for school was now getting closer and closer to an E after her good marks in a History of Magic essay. Every day, her mood improved.Of course, as the year drew in, the upcoming Slytherin v Gryffindor Quidditch Match grew ever closer. Harry seemed to be in a state of perpetual exhaustion, along with everyone else on the Gryffindor team - barring Oliver Wood, of course - and Ron and Hermione had long since given up on waking at dawn to watch them practice.All Harry seemed to be doing recently was Quidditch practice, really. While Calla didn't fault him for it, it still made things awkward, and she hadn't held a proper conversation with him outside of class in God knew how long.Instead, most of her time was taken up by the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs in her year, all of them equally fed up by the constant talk about Gryffindor and Slytherin.Calla, Daphne, Padma, and Anthony lounged back against a tree by the black lake, textbooks forgotten by their side as they watched the impromptu game of 'ground Quidditch' unfold before their eyes.On one team, Lisa, Mandy, Terry, Michael, and Sue played, passing a makeshift quaffle between their hands. Michael was running about rather comically in the three goal hoops, as the other time, comprised of Zacharias, Hannah, Susan, Ernie, and Izzy, struggled to tackle the quaffle from the others' grips.Daphne positively screeched with laughter when Zach dove towards Terry, grabbing the quaffle from his hands, whirled around to shoot it through a hoop, and promptly tripped over, dropping it on his foot. Of course, Sue took this opportunity with a grin, jumping forward to grab the quaffle and launch it towards Mandy's waiting, open arms.In fascination, Calla watched as Mandy grabbed the ball and ran headlong at the middle hoop where Ernie stood, before twisting ever so slightly and tossing it into the one on the far right. "Yes, Mandy!" Padma cheered, standing up to applaud. "Ten points!"Zach grumbled something about it being unfair, and that he should have at least gotten some points for his tremendous tackle, while Calla giggled. "Don't laugh at me," he pouted, though there was a hit. Of a laugh on his face, too. "My foot is in pain.""You should see Madam Pomfrey about that," Daphne said matter of factly, giving Zach a mocking stare. In return, he stuck his tongue out at her and huffed, plopping down onto the grassy lawn."Game's over," he declared. "You've got, like, fifty points over us, and I'm tired.""Sucks to be you, then," Lisa said, though she too came to sit with them, crowding by the tree. "I would hate to be on the losing team.""You only won on luck," Justin grumbled, though he was smiling. "Not skill.""Tell that to your Quidditch Team," Daphne snarked back. "As I recall, Ravenclaw beat their arses last season."That shut Justin up, as he flopped down to face up at the sky, eyes closed. "Wake me if the squid comes out the lake," he murmured, and within seconds appeared to be asleep.Calla giggled, looking down at her sketchbook. She'd been focused on drawing Padma while they watched the match, capturing her concentrated expression and furrowed brow. It was far from perfect, but the proportions of her face were better and more realistic, and she'd gotten some decent shading done, so that was counted as a small triumph for the day."I think I'm going to the same way as Justin," Hannah decided, lying down on her back. "I'm tired. Zach, you couldn't run to the kitchens and ask some house elves for butter beer, could you?""Get Ernie to do it," Zach whined, slinging an arm over Calla's shoulder. She looked up at him, eyebrows raised. "I'm busy entertaining our guests from Ravenclaw, aren't I?"Ernie scowled. "Get them to go with you then.""I couldn't possible-"Calla huffed, standing up and grabbing Zach by the wrist. "Come on. I haven't been to the Hogwarts kitchens before, it'll be a nice little adventure."With a grin, Zach leapt to his feet and bowed mockingly. "As you wish, Miss Potter."Giggling, Calla took her sketchbook in hand, falling into step beside Zach on the path up to school."The kitchens are just about right next to the Hufflepuff dormitories," Zach explained as they trudged up the hill. "You can find them pretty easy from the Potions classroom too, so long as you know where to look."Once inside, the hallways were darker than the bright sunlight from outside, and Calla blinked as she tried to adjust to the sudden change in lighting. Traipsing inside, Calla caught sight of Nearly Headless Nick floating about looking rather mournful, with the Fat Friar trying to comfort him. She caught only the words 'headless hunt' and 'bunch of elitists' as they passed, Zach giving the Friar a polite incline of the head. Calla hastened to do the same, all but tripping over herself to do so. Zach shot her an amused look, and she stuck out her tongue in retaliation."Joseph's been talking to Nick quite a lot lately," Zach commented airily to Calla once they were out of earshot. It took a second or so for Calla to click that he meant the Fat Friar, and she was rather surprised at herself for not thinking of if he had a real name. "He's upset because he's been rejected by the Headless Hunt again. You have to be headless to join you see."Calla has thought that rather obvious. "And he's not quite there yet, is he?""Tragically, no." Zach wrinkled his nose as they descended into the dungeons. "He's been invited to Nick's Deathday Party though, and he's tried to convince most of Hufflepuff to join him, but so far no one's really been that responsive.""I wonder why," Calla said drily. She wasn't sure exactly what a Deathday Party could entail, but it didn't sound like much fun at any rate, at least not by her definition of the word."Here," Zach said, stopping her at a portrait of a fruit bowl. He reached out and stroked - no, tickled - the pear and a door swung open. Calla pokes her head in with a frown, taken aback by the expansive room before her, filled by what must have been a hundred house elves at least, all busy at work. The smell of baking bread filled the air, but everywhere Calla turned there was something new: strawberries, cream, pumpkin juice, chicken."Woah," she whispered. In truth, she'd never thought much about the Hogwarts' kitchen staff, just assumed the food they had appeared of it's own accord, or that their beds made themselves by magic. A young looking house elf came running up to them, and Calla was struck by the resemblance to Dobby. It made her frown. He hadn't seemed very happy with his work, and she wondered if the Hogwarts elves were the same, though she wasn't sure if it was prudent to ask. From what little Daphne had told her about house elves, most of them enjoyed working for their masters, even if the concept didn't sit quite well with Calla. She didn't want to upset anyone, at any rate, and tuned into Zach's conversation instead."Hey," he greeted the house elf, who looked up with great, bulging blue eyes. "Any chance we could get two jugs of cool lemonade?""Of course, sir!" The house elf chirped. "Dippy will get cool lemonade for sir and madam!"He disappeared into thin air with a snap of his fingers, then resurfaced in a moment or so with another elf, clutching the jugs of lemonade. "Good day, sir and madam!" Dippy chirped, as Calla and Zach both took the jugs of lemonade, welcoming the coolness of it against their skin."Thank you, Dippy," Calla said with a shy smile and awkward half-curtsy, stumbling out the door just to see the tail end of Dippy's grin.The door swung shut and they continued onwards. Calla frowned down at the floor, as the stones beneath her started to twist and mangle themselves, pulling in different directions. "Zach," she said, voice hollow to her own ears. "What's up with the floor?""What do you mean?" he asked, chuckling. "There's nothing up with the floor.""No," she argued. "There's..." She didn't get to finish her sentence, as the floor disappeared and she reeled back, staring into a black hole. Her heart picked up, as an image began to swirl in the darkness.It was a Quidditch game. Red and green clashed in the sky, Gryffindor and Slytherin battling on in front of the school. Cheers rose around the stadium, but Calla felt a strange sense of nausea, as the image before her homes in on Harry, face paled and slick with sweat. She frowned, and would have shouted out to him, but her voice didn't seem able to work. In shock, she reached for her throat, eyes still transfixed on the image.A black blur rose behind Harry and she shrieked as it came closer, faster than the speed of light. A bludger. Harry's eyes widened in terror and he rolled to the side to escape the bludger, veering off course. The vision smudged and Calla thought the world was about to return to normal when she was jerked back to the darkness, where she saw Harry's arm, utterly limp and flopping about like a fish. Bile rose in her throat as she forced herself to look away, and return to jarring reality.She was still where she had been just before, though Zach clutched her arm. "Calla?" he asked, brow etched with concern. "Are you okay? Merlin, you look pale. Should I get Madam Pomfrey?""No," she said hastily, pressing her free hand to her head. It wasn't sore or anything, she just felt, strange. She couldn't shake the image of Harry's arm, limp and floppy like that. "I think I'm okay. Might just need some air, come on, let's get this outside to the others."She gently slipped away from Zach, careful to keep an eye on where she was headed for fear she might trip or stumble or faint, and then Zach would surely be too concerned not to take her to the hospital wing. But a sliver of fear tugged in her gut. It was like last year, her vision of the mirror, when she'd fallen in the forest.She frowned as they left the dungeons, lost in thought. She'd have to write Uncle Moony, she decided. Sooner rather than later. He must know what to do, mustn't he?She wasn't sure, but she could hope.

October 19thDear Calla,I'm afraid I don't have very many answers for you. Your dizzy and faint spells may be because of any number of medical issues, to which I would urge you to definitely speak to Madam Pomfrey sooner rather than later, or I shall take it upon myself to do so. It could be linked to your magic, though. I've heard many stories of students who struggle at practical schoolwork also having issues with blood and iron levels, as iron is largely what powers out magic.However, as far as your visions go, I think you may have the makings of a Seer. The blacking out is an issue that definitely has to be addressed either way, but if the visions you have do indeed come to fruition, then I think it is highly likely you've been given the gift of Sight. You won't have the option to study Divination until third year, when you choose elective subjects, but if this persists I will write to Dumbledore and Flitwick myself asking if you can have lessons with Professor Trelawney to understand this better, if that is what you want.In other news, I have been speaking to your aunt and uncle recently. They've agreed that in this Summer, you and Harry can come straight home with me and not have to bother with Privet Drive. Of course, if you want to visit them you are more than welcome to, though somehow I do doubt that. I'm coming to see Harry's first Quidditch match this year, so do tell him to stick in at training, and I shall see you then.Love as always,Uncle MoonyCalla grinned as she folded the letter away, slipping it under her textbook. Even if it hadn't been particularly helpful, she felt some reassurance in the fact that Uncle Moony at least knew what was going on, and that for the most part he seemed to understand her issue.She smiled and made a mental note to speak to Madam Pomfrey right after breakfast. Originally, she'd been meaning to go and visit Hagrid with Padma, Daphne, and Hermione, but a storm was gathering outside her window, and she wasn't sure she wanted to face it. Harry's Quidditch practice, of course, would never be called off for something as trivial as a thunderstorm weather."You're up early, Calla," Mandy commented, coming in from the common room. She always got up at the crack of dawn to go down to the library, saying it was quieter then, though Calla had never been in the library when it wasn't silent. "Did you not sleep well?"She shook her head, gesturing to the piece of parchment beside her. "Got a letter from my godfather. Moony wouldn't stop pecking at the window until I got up."Mandy chuckled, sitting down on the edge of her bed and setting about combing her hair. "You're welcome to use the bathroom, by the way," she added. "I'm already dressed.""Yeah." Calla blinked and got her day robes from her case. Though last year she'd been confined to usual wizarding wear, over the summer, Uncle Moony had helped her and Harry transform their robes into something resembling fashion, and so now she wore a bright red denim jean dress, a white t-shirt, and a lightweight, pale grey day robe over the top.When she left the bathroom, Daphne and Lisa were both up, bickering while Padma and Mandy looked on with exasperated expressions. "What's up?" Calla asked Padma, settling down next to her and watching the unfolding argument."Lisa thinks Daphne's moved her hairbrush. Daphne said she'd never touch anything that had been dragged through Lisa's hair, and that her own hairbrush was worth ten of Lisa's." She bit her lip, and Calla winced. She'd gone a bit far, then. "Lisa, obviously, wasn't happy with this.""You're so annoying!" Daphne shouted at Lisa, flinging a silver comb at her, which Lisa narrowly dodged. "Can't you just leave us alone?""All I did was ask if you had my hairbrush!" Lisa screeched back. "You just got offended, because you're not used to people challenging you, like a little princess!""Do you really want to go there?" Daphne scoffed. "Merlin, you're insufferable.""And you're a cow," Lisa retorted, snatching Daphne's comb off the floor. "And I'll be having this until my brush is returned to me, safely. Sound fair?""No!" Daphne shouted back at her, face growing redder with every second that passed. "That's my comb! Put it down!""If you give me my hairbrush!""I don't have your stupid hairbrush! Give me back my comb, you idiot!""Daphne!" Padma shouted, cutting between the pair of them. "Knock it off." She turned to Lisa, hands shaking a little, as Calla's did when she was trying to calm her nerves. "Lisa, I really don't think Daphne took your brush. We can do a check of the dorm, it's probably just fallen under something. Alright?"Both girls glared but obliged, and Lisa dropped Daphne's comb. The blonde snatched it right back up, cradling it to her chest as the silver caught the light and gleamed.In the end, the hairbrush was under Lisa's robes, and it took all of two minutes to find it. After that, Daphne was in a foul mood all day and decided to stomp off to see her sister after lunch. Padma accompanied Calla to the Hospital Wing to ask Madam Pomfrey about her faint spells. She'd been given a Pepperup Potion and a Wide-Eye Potion, as well as been told to come back if it wasn't improving by the start of November.Later on, as the storm refused to relent, Padma and Calla visited the library to do their essays for History Of Magic."Here, Calla." Padma tossed a book to her, and she caught it with a grunt. "Modern Magical History. Pretty sure you're in that one, actually."Calla wrinkled her nose, flicking through the pages. She'd read the other two books she and her brother supposedly featured in, but this one was always being checked out of the Hogwarts library, and she'd never gotten the chance to buy it in Flourish and Blotts. In the other two books she'd read, there had only been short mentions of what happened, and speculations on how ranging from her being You-Know-Who reincarnated, to Harry being blessed by Merlin's ghost.Sure enough, there was a chapter entitled in the contents page: The Fall of The Dark Lord - Harry and Calla Potter. She flicked ahead to see what the historian had to say about her and her brother, raising her eyebrows at some of the suggestions as to how they survived.Some say, the passage read, that the Potter twins survived by being bearers of dark magic themselves. Calla snorted. Because one year old babies were known for being talented with the Dark Arts. Others suggest that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named simply failed and met his fate. Others say that Lily and James Potter, known Order of the Phoenix members, fought He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named themselves, defeating him before their own deaths and leaving their children orphaned.However, sources close to the Potters say that the Potters were fighters till the very end, and skilled in their work. It is only due to the betrayal of James Potter's own friend, Sirius Black, that they were ever found in the first place, a sign of their magical abilities to conceal their whereabouts and protect their family. The rest of the passage went on to basically reiterate what Calla had already heard from people who knew her parents, and what she'd read in other books. Yet something about the passage bothered her. She was sure she'd never heard the name Sirius Black before, but it still rung a bell, and she didn't know why. Harry might, she decided, and set the book down on the desk. Padma glanced up, and frowned at the expression on Calla's face. "I'm assuming you weren't looking at the Rise of Gellert Grindelwald, then?"Calla shook her head, looking outside at the still pelting rain. "Gryffindor Quidditch practice ought to be finished by now. I'm off to speak to Harry."She rolled up her half finished essay and stuffed it in her satchel. "See you at dinner, yeah?"Padma hummed in response, as Calla made her exit.She found him trailing mud around the corridors, soaked through from the rain on his way up to Gryffindor Tower. "Harry!" she called after him as he was about to turn a corner. He ignored her and she shouted again. "Harry!"This time he turned around sullenly, and then brightened when he saw her. "Calla!" he cheered, halting until she caught up to him. "Hey! What are you doing around here, I thought you'd be studying with Padma.""We were-" she shrugged- "but I read something about our parents and what happened to us, and I wanted to find you so we could talk about it."Harry's eyes lit up. "What did you find out?""It was in 'Modern Magical History'. It mentioned someone called Sirius Black, I was wondering if you'd ever heard anything about him."He shook his head, brow urrowing. "Not that I can think of. What did it say about him?""That it's due to him that You-Know-Who found out where our parents were that night." She let the implications of that sink in with Harry, biting her lip. "I thought... Well, I don't know what I thought, really. I just wanted to know if you knew anything about him.""No, I haven't-"He cut himself off and Calla followed his gaze, eyes falling upon Nearly Headless Nick, the ghost of Gryffindor Tower. She hadn't spoken to him many times, but knew the Grey Lady of Ravenclaw didn't like him much; then again, she didn't like any of the other ghosts much."Hey, Nick," Harry said quietly. The ghost startled, turning around with a morose expression."Hello, hello." His voice was flat, dejected. "Young students... you look troubled.""So do you," Harry replied. "What's wrong, Nick?""The matter is of little importance." He sighed. "But you'd think, wouldn't you, being hit over forty times in the neck with a blunt axe... ought to qualify one for the Headless Hunt... but no. Just... not quite good enough, is it?"Ah, so that was what Zach had been talking about. It seemed Nick had been rejected... again. Realising that Harry didn't know what to say, Calla spoke up, "I think that ought to be more than good enough," she said indignantly. "You're more than qualified, Sir, I'm sure everyone in Hogwarts would agree.""Not in the eyes of the Headless Hunt," Nick grumbled. He pulled a letter from his pocket, thrusting it before Calla and Harry's eyes.We can only accept huntsmen whose heads have parted company with their bodies. You appreciate that it would otherwise be impossible for members to participate in hunt activities such as Horseback Head-Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the greatest regret, therefore, that we must inform you that you do not fulfill our requirements. With best wishes, Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore.Calla thought that was actually rather polite as far as declining people from joining Headless hunts could go, but Nick was still fuming. "Half an inch!" he shouted. "Half an inch of sinew keeping my head attached to my neck, and that's all! That'd be good and beheaded for most people, but no! Not for Sir Properly-Headless Podmore!" He took in a deep sigh, as Calla bit back a laugh at the nickname. Nick probably wouldn't appreciate her laughter at such a critical moment. "But regardless, what is troubling you two this day?"Just as Calla was debating whether or not to mention Sirius Black, Harry seized the opportunity. "What do you know about hearing voices?"Okay, Calla hadn't expected that to come from Harry. She gave him a funny look. "What do you mean hearing voices?""Explain later." She huffed, rolling her eyes. Sure, Harry. Explain later, after already asking a ghost about hearing voices. Logic!"My boy, I hear all sorts of voices," Nick said. "Comes with being a ghost, you see."That made sense. More sense than Harry apparently 'hearing voices'. "I see."Before any of them could continue, Calla heard a faint meowing sound and turned around, to see Mrs Norris' beady yellow eyes trailing over the mud Harry had trekked into the corridor. She withheld a groan, but Nick picked up on the cat's presence, too. "Potters, you two had best go before Mr Filch sees the two of you and the mud you've trailed in here."Calla wasn't sure if it was polite to point out that Harry had been the one who'd trailed the mud in there, not her. Either way, her brother took off running and she followed, not willing to chance it.He stopped abruptly at the end of the corridor and Calla groaned as she stumbled backwards, caught off guard by his sudden halt. Over her brother's shoulder, Calla could see Mr Filch sneering down at them, looking none too pleased with them."You've been smearing mud all over these corridors," he muttered, voice bitter. "Just cleaned these floors, too. 'Pose you think it's all a bit of fun.""We're very sorry, sir," Calla said, biting her lip. "We didn't mean to get mud in here or to ruin your hard work, really."He didn't seem to care. "Both of you, my office, now. Oh, I'd like to get you hanging from the ceiling."Harry gulped as they followed Mr Filch. Mrs Norris crept along beside them, sharp yellow eyes glaring at Calla any time she looked down. "He's not actually allowed to hang us from the ceiling, is he?" Calla was sure the answer ought to be no, but then again Hogwarts' system of punishment had never held much logic or concern for health and safety standards, had it? Actually, Calla wondered if the wizarding world at large had any rules for health and safety standards? If that bloody tree in the grounds was anything to go by, then no, it did not.As the twins trudged behind Mr Filch, Calla crossed her arms, sending Harry a frustrated glance. He didn't look particularly guilty of anything, just a bit moody, and she tried to put down her irritation at the laxness in his stature. Other students in the halls looked upon them with pity, which did not discourage Calla from feeling sorry for herself as she followed her brother and Mr Filch in a huff.They came to his office and were shown inside with a mean glare from Mr Filch, baring his teeth like a wild animal. Calla shuddered, taking a seat next to Harry. Her shoulders were hunched as she looked up at Mr Filch, fearing what sort of punishment he would think of for them. She, unlike Harry, did not get into trouble often, but Mr Filch's crude face reminded her so much of Uncle Vernon's that she couldn't help but feel the hot sting of tears behind her eyes, both of anger and fear. Harry, of course, barely looked like he cared, though she knew hat didn't necessarily mean that he didn't."Right," he hissed, pulling out parchment from his drawers as Calla looked around, trying to distract herself. "Let's see. Names, Harry Potter, Calla Potter. Crime-""It was just a little mud," Harry muttered, and Calla kicked him roughly in the shins.Filch's gaze snapped up, beady eyes furious. "A little mud for you is an hours worth of scrubbing for me," he snarled, one of the veins in his forehead turning an off sort of purple colour."We are sorry, sir," Calla tried again, but it seemed her usual tactic of making teachers sympathise with her would not work on Filch. A drip of something Calla didn't particularly want to consider hung off the edge of his nose, and she tried to stop her nose from wrinkling in disgust."Crime," he repeated, a harsh, cruel edge to his tone, "befouling the castle. Suggested sentence..."He dabbed at his nose, squinting as he considered the twins' sentence. Calla watched with bated breath as he pressed the nib of his quill to the parchment, only to be disrupted by a loud 'bang!'.Immediately, Filch was on his feet, face turning purple. "Peeves!" he bellowed, voice booming. "I'll get you for this!" He raised his fist as though to pummel Peeves, wherever he was, dropping his quill without grace onto the desk.He sprinted from the room after that, Mrs Norris quick to follow. The door slammed shut behind him and Harry slumped back in his chair, as did Calla. "Thank God for that," he said, sighing. "Thought he was going to hang us by the feet."Calla gave him a withering glare. "You're not funny, Harry."He just shrugged, grinning. "Gotta thank Peeves for his timing, I guess," Harry said, hands thrumming against the edge of the desk. "He's annoying, but at least he can be useful.""Yeah." Calla looked pointedly at Harry, whose fingers were beating an awkward rhythm against the wooden desk. There was hardly anything on it, just the form and a silver and purple envelope. Sensing Calla's irritation, Harry took his hands away from the edge of the desk, but in the next moment looked over his shoulder and took the envelope from the desk.Calla slapped it from his hands and it fell to the floor. "Are you out of your mind?" she hissed. "Don't read his letters.""Why?" He bent down, picking the envelope back up. "We're already in trouble.""Yeah," she muttered, "you don't have to make it bloody worse, Harry.""Look at this," was all Harry said, pouting to the envelope. Calla looked pointedly away. "Kwikspell," he read aloud, clearly unable to resist the desire to involve her in a crime. "A correspondence course in beginner's magic. Huh. Wonder what he needs that for?""Why don't you ask him?" Calla huffed in response, folding her arms across her chest."Says here its an all-new, fail-safe, quick results course. Teaches you about holding a wand and everything. Hundreds of witches and wizards have benefitted form the Kwikspell method." He paused for a moment as Calla bristled. "Dunno why Filch wants it. Do you think it means he's not a proper wizard or something? Or he just struggles with magic or something, like-""How am I supposed to know?" Calla snapped, turning to face him with a glare. "You shouldn't be reading it anyway." Of course, he still did. Bloody reckless Gryffindor. She couldn't say she wasn't a tiny bit intrigued, but she still had the common sense to know that reading Filch's private letters was not a way to get in his good graces.As the sound of footsteps fell outside, Harry hastily stuffed the letter in the envelope and tossed it across the desk, though slyness had never been his strong point. It was very, very obvious that he'd read it, and Filch's face blanched in the middle of declaring how valuable a vanishing cabinet was.His face went bright red, and Mrs Norris hissed. Calla looked up with wide, innocent eyes, while Harry wore guilt all over his face. Mr Filch hobbled over to his desk, stuffing the envelope in a drawer, face her brightening."Have you-" he began to splutter- "did you - read-""No," Harry lied, and Calla nodded in agreement.Filch twisted his hands together, mouth set in a nervous line. "If I thought that you'd... That you'd read my private... Not that it was for me of course... For a friend... But even so..."Calla was doing her best no to stare at Filch right now. His face put him in danger of being a mascot for Gryffindor, it was that red, and his eyes bulged from their sockets, purple-blue veins ready to pop."Can we go now, sir?" she asked timidly."Very well... You may go... Don't say a word now... Don't... Of course if you haven't read... Anyway I must write up Peeves' report now..."The twins took that as their cue to back out of the office, slowly, closing the door with a faint click behind them. "That was lucky," Harry said with a low whistle."Yeah," Calla muttered in agreement, and took him by the wrist. "Come on, let's go before he changes his mind and strings us up from a tree or something."They didn't get far before Calla heard Sir Nicholas' cry of, "Potters! Calla, Harry!" They turned, smiling as Nicholas glided out from a classroom, the remains of a black and gold cabinet behind him. "Did it work?" he asked, eyes bright - or as bright as they could get for a ghost.Calla grinned, realising what he'd done to get them out of it with Filch. Sir Nicholas was more of a badass than she'd given him credit for."I persuaded Peeves to drop it for me," he told them eagerly. "Thought it might distract Filch.""It worked brilliantly, Sir Nicholas," Calla told him, beaming. "Thank you!""Yeah," Harry added, "we didn't even get detention, it was great! Thanks, Nick."The trio set up off the corridor together, Calla giddy with relief now, and with a great deal of gratitude and respect for Gryffindor's house ghost. She noticed Sir Nick was still holding his rejection letter, but wasn't sure whether it was polite to mention until Harry spoke up."I do still wish there was some way I could help with the Headless Hunt business," Harry told Sir Nicholas.He stopped in his tracks, leading Harry to walk through him and pale in fright."But there is!" Sir Nicholas said, excitedly. "Well, it would be asking a lot I suppose, and, no, I doubt you'd want to-""What is it, Sir Nicholas?" Calla asked, only too eager to repay him for helping them out."Well, this Halloween is my five hundredth Deathday Party, you see," he told them twitchily.Of course, Calla thought. The Grey Lady had had a Deathday Party last year, but from what she'd heard only Moaning Myrtle, the Bloody Baron, and a sixth year Prefect had been invited to it, with only Myrtle and the Baron actually showing up. Most ghosts, for whatever reason, seemed to take great pride in their Deathdays, and indeed, Sir Nicholas drew himself up in a proud manner, smiling."Congratulations," Calla told him with a smile, nudging Harry so he would offer his congratulations too. He looked confused, and she couldn't really blame him much for that."I'm holding it in one of the bigger dungeons," Sir Nicholas said. "I have friends coming from all across the country, and it would be such an honour if the pair of you would come. Mr Weasley and Miss Granger are more than welcome too of course, and young Miss Potter's friends too, of course." His shoulders slumped. "But I suppose you'd rather go to the school feast, wouldn't you?""Of course not," Harry assured him quickly, "we'd love to come, Nick!""Wonderful!" he cried. "Harry and Calla Potter at my Deathday Party! And-" he paused, possibly for dramatic effect, "do you think you could mentioned to Sir Patrick how impressive and terrifying you think I am?""Of course!" Calla told him, smiling. "We'd be only too happy, wouldn't we, Harry!"Sir Nicholas beamed.That was how, on Halloween Night, Calla ended up in the dungeons with Harry, Ron, Hermione, Padma, and a very disgruntled Daphne. Her blonde friend sniffed as they entered the party, wrinkling her nose and almost gagging on the smell of rotten fish. Calla tried to hide her disgust, and thought she was at least doing a slightly better job than Daphne."We should go and say hello to Sir Nicholas," Calla suggested with uncertainty, looking to Harry. "It's only polite.""Yes," he said, swallowing. "I think I can see him over there, by that..." He squinted, and Calla did too."Yeah, I don't think I want to know what that is," she said, taking her brother's hand to lead the way. "Let's go."She was quite sure their friends were following as she and Harry crossed the room towards Sir Nicholas, who was in conversation with a rather plump ghost who smiled when she saw them. "I recognise you," she said, to Calla rather than Harry, which surprised her. "You're a Ravenclaw girl, yes?" She nodded. "I was a Ravenclaw in my time, you know. Friend of her daughter's, actually, before all that nasty business." Calla had learnt it was best not to ask about 'nasty business' when ghosts brought the subject up."How did you enjoy Hogwarts in your time?" Calla asked, watching as Sir Nicholas and Harry greeted one another, their other friends looking distinctly uncomfortable. At least Ron and Padma were able to look like they weren't going to be sick. "Were there as many students as there are now?""Not quite, no," the ghost laughed. "Couldn't have been many more than a dozen people in my year, everyone knew one another in those days. And you had to get along, really, none of this divided houses nonsense. I distinctly remember Tutor Hufflepuff as being against it, though Gryffindor and Slytherin were always squabbling." She shrugged. "We weren't supposed to involve ourselves with our teachers' lives, of course, but in a school as small as ours, it was inevitable." The ghost paused, frowning. "Sorry, I've just realised I didn't introduce myself, did I? Awfully rude of me.""It's okay," Calla smiled. "I haven't either - Calla Potter."The ghost looked surprised, but it was gone after a split second as she smiled. "Marion MacNairn. It is a pleasure to speak with you, Miss Potter. I often find that, while our house is right to study, we have a tendency to forgo conversation, especially with the ghosts." At that, she cast her eyes downwards, looking almost forlorn. Calla made to reach out and pat her arm for comfort, but it went straight through her. Still, Marion smiled. "Tell me, dear, what year are you in? First, second?""Second," Calla replied. "Did you have all scene tears when you studied here?"Marion nodded. "It is the most powerful magic number, after all. Our tutors said that studying for seven years would be far more beneficial than eight, or three. We didn't have these examinations as you do though, the Cats and the Fruits.""Do you mean OWLs and NEWTs?" Calla asked in confusion.Marion beamed. "That's the one! No, no, we only had a few subjects back in those days. Charms, Herbology, Alchemy - suppose they roll that in with their Potions nowadays though - Transfiguration, Runes, and Arithmancy." She wrinkled her silvery nose. "They call them ancient runes nowaday, I think that's rather a bit of cheek."Calla snorted. "I suppose so. I was considering studying that next year when we choose more subjects, but I'm not sure. What did you think of that and Arithmancy?""Well, Arithmancy was rather dull," Marion said honestly, making Calla laugh. "Very little practical work, but I suppose that's what some people are better at isn't it, so it may benefit some more than others. Runes was much the same, though you might study from a different perspective. A lot of translation, but both tie into your practical work a lot, they can make it stronger."Calla frowned. She could definitely do with strengthening her practical work, though she was sure she had to take Divination. "I can see the point of that," she told Marion. "I'm not that good practically, myself," she added, not really knowing why. Her friends and Harry had all disappeared now, she realised, but she didn't mind awfully, Even it did leave her feeling odd. "But I know I definitely want to take Divination.""Oh, yes? I know a few past generations of Ravenclaw who studied that, they introduced it long after my time, of course. It is of course vital to the pursuit of knowledge, but I know many found it challenging if one doesn't have a natural talent." She arched an eyebrow. "Or do you have a natural talent? Don't worry, I know some may dismiss it, but I know myself some of those who have possessed the sight. I won't pass judgment."Calla felt herself light up at that. Not just the validation - for she was rather concerned what Harry and her friends would think of her visions - but the fact that Marion knew others like her. That maybe, she could find a way to speak with them, to understand and make sense of what was happening to her. "I do," she admitted then, biting her lip only a little bit from nerves. "Well, I have visions sometimes, and they usually come true.""I know another ghost like that," Marion told her, voice hushed. "If you like, I could introduce-"She didn't get to finish. At that moment, there was a loud wail and Moaning Myrtle flew over the tops of partygoers, dissolving into tears and disappearing to beside Marion. "That awful Peeves," she hiccoughdd, in between sobs. "Horrible Peeves.""Don't listen to him," she said quietly, vaguely aware of a lot of kerfuffle behind her, and Nick's voice with Harry's."Says no one likes me," Myrtle sobbed, as Marion tried in vain to comfort her. "Called me ugly, like everyone else! Ugly, miserable, moody, Moaning Myrtle!""I like you, Myrtle," Calla said with a shrug. It wasn't a straight lie. In truth, she didn't know Myrtle nearly well enough to have an opinion on her, and it was much easier to like people than dislike them anyway. "Your glasses are cool too, they're sort of similar to mine. Peeves is just mean to everyone."Myrtle was quit for a second before wailing again. "You're a liar!" she wailed, and Calla jumped back in fright. "No one likes Moaning Myrtle!"And with that, she let out a final wail and left the dungeon. Calla watched her go in confusion, eyes wandering to where a group of ghosts were playing what seemed like polo with their heads. Probably the Headless Hunt then."Do you think someone ought to see if she's okay?" Calla asked Marion, who shook her head."Won't do much good, Potter. Hard to shake Myrtle from a mood when she's in one, just have to be comforting while she's there and not bother her when she's not.""Oh." Calla frowned, unsure whether to say anything more before Harry tapped her on the shoulder. "Hi, Harry," she said, turning around. "Um, Marion," she said, shifting awkwardly. "This is my brother, Harry.""Nice to meet you," Harry said, politely as he could. "I actually came to tell Calla we're just about to leave, but if you want to stay and chat-"But Marion was already floating away to another group of ghosts, so Calla just shrugged and turned around to follow Harry over to where the rest of their group was. "You seemed to be having a pretty good conversation until Myrtle appeared there," Harry said, and Calla shrugged.Honestly, it had been surprisingly easy to speak to the ghost. Easier than it was speaking with a lot of living people, anyway. "She's interesting," was all she said, not sure if she wanted to mention the part about visions to her brother just yet. "Been alive almost a millennia, I think. Well," she corrected herself, "not alive. But you know, around."Harry chuckled. "Yeah, I get it." They were by the fringes if the party now, where the others stood awkwardly saying goodbye to Sir Nicholas. Calla felt a sudden pang of guilt, having barely spoken to him all night or chatted him up to the Headless Hunt. Still, she trusted Harry would have, and now she had some other source to use for information about her visions. That was something, wasn't it?"You lot don't look like you had fun," Calla said, once they were out of Sir Nicholas's earshot, making their way upstairs."We didn't," Ron muttered."It was disgusting," Daphne said, holding her nose aloof as though there were a bad smell under it. "Those ghosts were walking through the food to taste it and they still couldn't, don't know why they could just leave it unrotted. Stank, too, and I'm cold.""It wasn't that bad," Padma reasoned uncertainly. Daphne glared at her. "Okay, it wasn't great, but it could have been worse.""Yeah," Daphne scoffed. "Sure. At least Calla had fun, right?"Surprised, she held her hands up in peace. "I never forced you to come. I was just having a nice conversation with one of the old Ravenclaws, Marion. She's very nice.""Good for you, then," Ron huffed, as ascended the corridor. "I hated it. Bloody Myrtle annoyed me, too.""Can you hear that?" Harry interrupted abruptly, just as Calla was about to reply to Ron.She turned to stare at him, not having here anything. "Hear what?""You can't her it?" He looked around, green eyes widening in alarm. His eyes focused on Calla, who shook her head slowly, in a mix between bewilderment and terror. "None of you can?""Sorry, mate," Ron said, shrugging and looking nervously at Hermione."Is it still that hissing sound?" Hermione asked, and Calla looked at Daphne and Padma in confusion. Neither of them had any idea what the three Gryffindors were on about, which was an odd relief, as Ron and Hermione crowded around her brother in hushed tones.Just as Calla was about to ask what exactly was happening, Harry sprang up. "It's going to kill someone," he said sharply, having gone quite white."Harry, what do you-""Come on!" he shouted at them, tearing off along the corridor towards the staircase which would lead to the first floor. Ron and Hermione followed hot on his heels, Calla close behind refusing to be out of this loop. She could hear Padma and Daphne bickering from behind her, but their footsteps at her back were a comfort as the group of six sprinted up the stairs.They were some ways nearer to Myrtle's bathroom when they stopped dead in their tracks, Ron and Hermione barrelling into Harry. Calla had to go around them to spot the sight before her. On the wall opposite the bathroom door, in what looked like blood, were the words, "The chamber of secrets has been opened. Enemies of the heir beware."Silence fell among their group, Calla numb from the ghastly sight. It couldn't really be Blood she told herself, then almost gagged at the sight below the blood. Mrs Norris lay there, frozen in place and unmoving. "Merlin," Daphne whispered. "Do you - do you know what this means?"They didn't, but no one spoke, only stared. Harry moved towards Mrs Norris, Maybe to touch her, see if she was alive or not, but Calla and Daphne yanked him back, just as the thundering of footsteps came up the stairs. Brilliant, Calla thought, as students began to flood into the corridor, and shrieks rang out. Her hands were still shaking, she realised, and she laced them together to rest, biting her lip.She took a step back to the relative safety of her friends, pulling Harry with her and doing her best to blend in with everybody else as Mr Filch hobbled along the corridor. For a moment, his face was thundery at the idea of so many students in one place, but his face fell into terror and anguish as he recognised Mrs Norris' form frozen on the floor."That's... that's my cat." He looked up, eyes wild and furious. "Someone's... One of you... Someone's killed my cat." The students fell silent. "I'll kill them!" he shouted, waving a fist as a few younger years leapt away, flinching. Calla did, too. "I'll find them, and I'll kill them!""Argus," Professor Dumbledore's voice sounded, calm and collected even when Calla was certain no one could be near to calm or collected. "What has happened?""They killed my cat!" Filch hollered, spit flying from his mouth in his fury. "One of these students - your students - they've killed my cat!""Ah." Dumbledore laid a hand on Filch's arm, whispering hushed words that Calla didn't dare to listen in on.Instead, she found herself unable to take her gaze away from the words on the wall, the fringes of her vision hazy. No, she told herself, not now. But of course, the vision took her anyway.It wasn't much. A head of some sort of man, and spiders scuttling along the ground. Then she was jerked back to reality by the voice of Draco Malfoy ringing out across the corridor."Enemies of the heir, beware?" he read in a cold, sneering voice. Harry turned to him, moving forward, but Calla held him back with a furtive glance. Not the time. Malfoy gestured to Mrs Norris, in Filch's arms, with a crude sneer. "You'll be next, mudbloods."

After the incident with Mrs Norris, the students were sent back to their respective dormitories in a rush, Professor Flitwick anxiously shepherding the Ravenclaws along the corridor. Calla gave Harry a firm look as they parted ways, desperate to ask him more about the voices he'd supposedly been hearing. It seemed Ron and Hermione already knew, of course, but surely he ought to have let her know, too?She sighed, back in Ravenclaw Tower, which was still abuzz with activity and students talking about this 'chamber of secrets'. Calla sat in the second year boys' dorm, huddled on Terry bed between him and Padma, the trio wrapped in an assortment of blankets. Daphne had gone straight to bed, declaring that she had a headache from all the talking and the smell from the Deathday Party, but the vast majority of students remained either downstairs in the common room, or in dormitories, discussing events."It must be something to do with Slytherin," Lisa said, sitting on Michael's bed with her knees tucked under her on Mandy's lap. "You lot all heard what Malfoy said, about..." She trailed off, pursing her lips. "About some people."Though she didn't like to think of any of her fellow students murdering a cat, Calla admitted Malfoy's words had rattled her. He seemed to know what he was talking about, if his cocky sneer was anything to go by. "I think so, too," she said in a small voice, looking up at Lisa."The writing mentioned an heir, right?" Lisa said, frowning, seeming to be thinking along the same lines as Calla. "Do you think it's Slytherin's heir or something?"Calla shrugged. "Might be.""Of course," Mandy added, piping up from beside Lisa, "it could be heir of any of those noble houses. Loads of the Slytherins are from nobility, Malfoy, too." She shook her head with a frown, and made to speak, but no sound came out. She swallowed and bit her lip, looking down at the ground."You think Malfoy did it?" Michael asked, in a far too casual voice."Might have," Mandy told him, shrugging. "No way to know for certain.""I don't think he did," Padma out in. "He's only twelve, no twelve year old would kill a cat.""It is Mrs Norris though," Lisa pointed out, not very helpfully. Padma glared at her, as did Terry. "Oh, come on, you lot can't claim to like the cat? Everyone hates her, and Filch.""Not enough to kill her, surely," Terry said, though it sounded more like a question.He had gone rather pale, and his light brow furrowed. His eyes lifted to meet Calla's, and a guilty weight settled in her chest when she realised she hadn't even stopped to ask after him, or Isobel. The both of them would likely be shaken from what Malfoy had said, more so than any non-muggleborn, and she edged the tiniest bit closer to him, giving what she hoped was a comforting little bump to the shoulder. He shifted slightly, and gave a weak smile."I don't think Malfoy would have done it," Michael said, shaking his head. "I mean, he's an arsehole, don't get me wrong, but he looked shocked too when we first saw it, and he was at the feast all night, so he couldn't have done it. Unless any of you saw him leave?"He looked around, but no one had. That stirred up a slight feeling of nerves in Calla's stomach, as she glanced at Padma. She bit her lip, but they dropped one another's gazes, hoping no one had noticed their nervous exchange. Lisa caught Calla's eye and she fought a flush, looking away and to Sue, who was speaking."I'll bet it was one of the Slytherins, though," she muttered. "From the way they've been bangin on about blood purity all the time.""Why'd they go after Mrs Norris though?" was what Calla asked, still in vague bewilderment over it all. It didn't quite make sense to her, blood purity or the whole death of the cat. "She's a cat.""Yeah," Michael said slowly, "but she's Filch's cat, ain't she?"The others simply looked at him in confusion, waiting for an explanation. "And?" Lisa prompted after what felt like an eternity of silence. "We've already said this, Corner, keep up.""Come on, have you ever seen Filch use magic?" Michael scoffed, rolling his eyes, and something clicked into Calla's head.Kwikspell. Maybe he struggled with some practical magic, like she did, or maybe, he just couldn't use it."You think he's a squib?" Lisa asked, voice shrill. "Really, Corner?"Michael shrugged. "It's possible. Come on, he's always complaining about mopping floors up for hours. Wouldn't be half as long if he used magic. That is, if he can use it."A squib. The word rang a bell in Calla's mind, though she didn't know where she could know it from."And is that-" Isobel began, sounding uncertain as eyes swivelled to her. "What does that mean, exactly?""Gosh, I forget you're muggleborn sometimes, Izzy," Mandy said, shifting away from Lisa to meet Isobel's eyes. "Well, I suppose it's the inverse of a muggleborn, actually. Someone born to a wizarding family, but who doesn't have any wizarding powers themselves. I hear they're often very lonely, not fitting in to our world but not known to the muggle world." She shuddered. "I'd hate it."Almost, as her perception of the wizarding world shifted again, Calla could begin to understand Filch's plight. To be born to wizards, to spend so long waiting to be like them, then finding out you weren't a wizard at all, you couldn't do magic, you couldn't go to Hogwarts. She'd only been in the wizarding world for a year, but she knew she'd never want to leave it. Imagine growing up like this, and being forced out, or worse, forced to watch everyone else around you enjoy it when you couldn't.She loved magic, but it had never come as naturally to her as it did to Harry or her other friends. That felt bad enough, falling behind and having less power than them. She didn't want to imagine not having any power at all."That sounds awful for Filch," she found herself saying, voice somewhat hollow. "No wonder he hates us.""You think?" Padma asked, wrinkling her nose a little."Imagine if you had to watch everyone around you live the life you've always wanted, and that you thought you had, but never could. That'd be enough to make anyone bitter, don't you think?"The others nodded. "And now he doesn't even have his cat," Anthony said quietly. "He always had Mrs Norris, even if we all hated them both, he probably adores that cat."A short, remorseful silence fell. "Merlin," Michael said abruptly, standing up and near knocking Mandy and Lisa off his bed. "This took a depressing turn. Right, you girls, you should get off to bed, I'm tired.""We're not," Mandy retorted, shoving him with a glare. "Go kip in the common room or something, Corner.""I am a bit tired too," Sue Li admitted shyly, and Mandy rolled her eyes."Fine then," she huffed, sliding off of Michael's bed and dragging Lisa behind her with a thud. "Come on you lot, let's go continue this in our dorm." She paused, pursing her lips. "Don't wake Greengrass, though. She's still annoyed with me for keeping her up with my snoring last night."And with that, the girls followed her to their dorm, waving goodbye to the drowsy boys.Despite plans to continue the conversation, it soon dropped off, descending into a discussion about the upcoming Quidditch match, lulling Calla into a sleep.In her dreams, there was a cat chasing after a horde of chittering spiders, overlooked by a pair of bright, large, unblinking yellow eyes. She couldn't recall the details, only the cat, the spider, and the eyes, the chase repeating itself over and over until the cat came to a stop of boredom and the spiders scuttled away. Yet still remained the yellow eyes, decaying slowly to the colour of parchment as the morning rain washed away her dreams.The first thing Calla did the next morning was write a letter to send out to Uncle Moony about the situation at Hogwarts. Though she didn't know exactly what he could do about it, she thought he ought to know what was going on.When she sent Moony off with the letter, she turned around and tested against the windowsill, back to the sunlight. It was early morning yet, and even Mandy wasn't up yet, each girl sound asleep as if the events of the night before had never even happened in the first place.It was peculiar, she thought, how in sleep, everyone looked so peaceful. Then she realised she was being far too deep for ten past six in the morning on a Sunday, and yawned, shattering her personal moment. Next step on the agenda was to speak to Harry about his voices, and her visions too. There was every chance that they were connected, and Calla admitted that some part of her hoped that they were. Not least because it meant she wasn't alone, but because it meant one more thing tied her to her brother, and maybe this was something he could confide in Calla about over Ron and Hermione.She wasn't sure she liked the jealousy she felt when she thought of how Harry told them everything, or at least more than he told Calla. They clearly knew about his voices, but she hadn't the faintest idea about them until last night.The thought made her bitter so she shoved it down, biting hard on her lip as she went to get ready.When she crept out the bathroom a quarter of an hour later, the girls were all still sleeping, so she brushed her hair as quietly as she could, grabbed her bag and a copy of 'Pride and Prejudice' - borrowed from Hermione - tucked her wand into her boot and set off down the stairs into the Ravenclaw common room.To her surprise, some of the older years had already woken up, and many were studying, others talking to younger students who were pale faced, looking nervous. Probably after last night, Calla realised with a twisting gut, as she settled into a blue and brown patchwork armchair, looking up at the swirl of stars painted on the Ravenclaw ceiling.The common room, even after all this time, never failed to amaze her in its beauty. She was certain no other house's common room could be nearly as gorgeous, or full of wonders and secrets to discover, in the bookshelves and the tapestries.Opening the book, Calla was careful not to break the spine - Hermione was particular about caring for books - and began to read, investing herself as far as she could in Elizabeth Bennett's life, while keeping an eye on the brass clock in the corner of the room.When it reached five minutes to seven, she stood up, tucking 'Pride and Prejudice' away in her book bag and doing a final check for her copy of 'Hogwarts: A History' before she left the common room, giving a jaunty wave to Anthony as she watched him trudge down the bottom steps.Despite the early hours of the morning, the Great Hall's tables were laden with breakfast foods and Calla tucked in, devouring her bacon and scrambled eggs with fervour. A couple of upper years were already seated, and she recognised Penelope Clearwater from Percy Weasley's year sitting alone. She caught her eye and waved, to which Penelope smiled and moved closer to Calla, sitting next to her."Hey," she greeted with a smile. "You're Calla Potter, right?"For some reason, she hadn't expected to be addressed, and felt a strange sort of tug in her stomach, not quite nerves. "Uh, yeah," she mumbled, stumbling over her words. "That's me." She looked timidly up at Penelope, whose flaxen hair shone in the early morning sun. "You're Penelope Clearwater, aren't you?""Yeah." Penelope smiled, and pointed to the copy of 'Pride and Prejudice', which lay beside Calla on the table. "Jane Austen, huh? I heard you grew up with muggles, like me. Is this your first time reading?"Calla nodded, words getting stuck. "Hermione," she said quickly, to which Penelope frowned. Oh, God, What was she doing now? "I mean, my friend Hermione, she lent my her copy. To read." She lifted up the book, almost dropping it in her haste, and felt a prickling heat rise to her cheeks. "This is it."Penelope looked like she was trying not to laugh. "So it is your first time reading, then?"She nodded with vigour. Maybe too much vigour, as she all but hit her face off her shoulder. "Yeah. Yeah, it is. It's good though. Did you like it?""Loved it," Penelope smiled, "but I won't spoil what happens for ou."She glanced up, and waved to some Hufflepuff girl Calla didn't recognise. "I've got to go now, Potter, but let me know when you finish it. You'll love it, I'm sure." She gave a conspiratorial wink. "There aren't enough people read muggle books in this castle. Glad to know you appreciate them, too."In a whirlwind of smiles and sunshine, Penelope left, meeting her Hufflepuff friend at the doors, leaving Calla staring in her wake. God, she'd thought she'd been getting better at talking to people this year. She supposed not then, with a dejected slump.Her mood was only improved upon half an hour later, when Harry entered the Great Hall, flanked by a tired looking Hermione and an annoyed looking Ron. She waved to them and Harry grinned, exchanging quick words with the Gryffindors before making his way over to Calla alone."Hi, Calla," he said, hopping from foot to foot. She turned to look up at him, eyebrows raised, and gestures to the empty space beside her. He sat down and ran a hand through his hair, causing Calla to frown. He was nervous."You okay, Harry?" she asked, curious. There was one thing he would likely be nervous about, and that was the discussion over his voices."Yeah," he said quickly. "Look, I think we need to talk. After last night, I guess I was shocked, and it made me realise I should have spoken to you about this earlier." He swallowed, tapping his hands on the table and then folding them in his lap. "I've been hearing voices. Voices no one else can hear.""We can't talk about this here," Calla said, aware of The quickly filling up table, and Lisa and Mandy entering the hall. "Grab some toast or something and we'll find somewhere private to discuss it." She pressed her hand to the top of her bag, feeling around for the Marauder's Map. "Come on, I'll find somewhere."It took all of about two minutes for Harry to wolf down a couple slices of toast, before the twins left the hall, Calla producing the map from her bag. "If we take this left," she murmured, up on the second floor, "there ought to be a secret little alcove here. I've only been once, but it's soundproof - tested it with one of those screaming books in the library that Pince is trying to get rid of.""Why did you need to know if it was soundproof?" Harry asked, frowning over the rim of his glasses.Calla shrugged, not able to come up with a proper answer. "I was curious. Most tapestries have a draught behind them, and you can hear them if you listen close, but I couldn't hear this. Wanted to know if the castle was just loud, or if it was magic.""Oh."Harry didn't press her any further, as her eyes latched onto the tapestry and she dragged him behind it to the 'alcove'. In truth, it was quite a large alcove, and Calla was sure it shouldn't exist by the laws of physics, but it did. That sentence, she realised, applied to a great number of things in the Wizarding World.Gravity, for example, was hit over the head and knocked out by a broomstick.She rested herself on a ledge on the right wall, crossing her ankles and patting the space beside her. With a nervous grin, Harry hopped up beside her, crossing his right foot over his other leg."So," Calla began for him, "voices?""Yeah." He tilted his head back, looking at the ceiling. "Voices." Harry sighed. "It started when I had my detention with Lockhart after the flying car incident."Calla winced at the memory of that. "Yes.""It was... weird. It wasn't a notmal voice, it was a sort of echo almost. It said-" he broke off, wincing -"it said it wanted to kill someone, same as I heard tonight. Rip, tear, kill." He shuddered, face pale and green eyes wide. Despite being a Gryffindor, he still looked terrified of what he'd heard. "It was horrible, Calla. It just sounded so... so cold. It was out for blood, and now it's got it."She took in a shuddering, shaky breath, nodding. She reached out a hand to Harry, and he took it with a grateful, small smile. "Was the voice familiar?" she asked, quietly. "Did you recognise it from somewhere? And I still can't work out why no one else heard it.""I... I don't know, Calla," Harry sighed. "It was sort of familiar, but in a weird way. Like, I didn't actually recognise it, but it still felt familiar." He scoffed, shaking his head and pummelling his heel into the hard stone wall. "I know it doesn't make a whole lot of sense, I'm sorry.""It's okay," Calla told him, resting her head on his shoulder. She felt his smile as he leaned towards her, side of his head resting on her. "I assume Ron and Hermione already knew?"He sighed. "You're annoyed at me, aren't you?"How awfully perceptive of him. "I'm not that annoyed," Calla tried, "but I do wish you'd told me before last night." And before you told Ron and Hermione, she wanted to add, but didn't."I didn't know how you'd take it," he said, voice solemn. "I mean, I couldn't keep it from Ron, and then he thought Hermione would have the best idea how to deal with it, but all we really managed to come up with was that hearing voices isn't good, even in the wizarding world." He shrugged, slightly jostling Calla's head. She narrowed her eyes, turning a little so he would feel her glare and he rolled her eyes, with a short chuckle. "Honestly, I didn't think you'd get it, and I didn't want you to... I didn't want you to judge me."She almost laughed. "Judge you?" she asked, raisin her eyebrows. "Seriously, Harry?" She shifted away from her brother, turning so they could look one another in the eye. "Harry, really, you don't have to worry about that. First of all, we're wizards, judgement about abilities kind of went out the window last year. Second, I'm your sister, I'm not going to suddenly turn on you or judge you or anything just because you can hear weird voices. Third," she paused, not sure if she could go ahead with it, but supposed she had to, "I'm in no place to judge you for weird abilities right now."Now, Harry frowned deeply, green eyes crackling with confusion and curiosity. "What do you mean? Don't tell me you can, like, see things no one else can."Calla tried not to laugh. "You're kind of close there." His eyes bulged."What? You're seeing things?""Well," she considered, "I don't know if I'd say I'm seeing them so much as dreaming them.""Dreaming them?" His mouth hung agape."Yeah." She shook her head, feeling a light draught come from the corridor as someone breezed past their tapestry. "It's like, I'm getting these visions, is what I'm calling them anyway. Sometimes I black out from them, like that time in the forest last year. Or sometimes it's just for a couple seconds and I'm just a bit out of it before the normal world comes back. It's weird. Happened last night, actually.""But last year," Harry began, realisation dawning on him, "you told me to look out for a mirror. When we went to get the stone."She nodded. "I saw it in my vision in the forest. It was totally a gamble to figure out if it would be real, but it was. Uncle Moony thinks I might be a Seer, he says I should talk to Professor Trelawney.""You told Uncle Moony?" This time, Harry looked mildly offended, and a little taken aback.Calla winced. She'd vowed to speak to Harry about the whole vision thing a long time ago, and really, she knew they ought to have had this conversation already. Rather than this situation occurring, in which Harry was confused and looking a bit offended - despite having kept his voices from Calla, too. It all could have been avoided."I had to," Calla told him, as softly as she could. "It was giving me headaches, I was blacking out, I had to talk to some adult and he was the first I thought of. I still don't understand how it works, and it's kind of hard to talk to you, because I want you to know everything, but I barely know anything right now."There was a pause, before Harry spoke. "Right."Both twins looked at each other in an awkward, confused silence for a moment, neither knowing quite what to say or quite how to say it. Then, Harry's lips quirked up at the edges and Calla found a smile spreading over her own face as they both let out snorts of laughter. "We're a mess, aren't we?" Calla chuckled, grinning."A bit, yeah." Harry grinned at her, holding out his hand to her. "But that's okay." He bit his lip. "So what have you been seeing lately? I mean, if you're okay to tell me, that is."Calla smiled, a fond sense of relieved affection settling in her chest. "Well, last night it was really weird, and I don't know what to take from it. There were these spiders being chased by a cat, and there these yellow circles, I think they were eyes. And then the cat stopped and the spiders went away, which is a lot harder to figure out than most things." She pursed her lips, and Harry looked at her expectantly. "I also saw a bluffer break your arm."His face fell. "What?""Yeah, it didn't look fun. Your arm was all floppy and stuff, so it was a pretty bad break.""Floppy?" Harry looked faintly green now, and Calla felt a pang of guilt."I mean, it might not happen," she assured him hurriedly, though Harry didn't appear convinced. "Or I might have looked at it wrong, I don't know!""Do you know when it was?" Harry asked nervously. "Cause then I might be able to, I don't know, avoid the bludger or something, to make sure I don't get hit.""Gryffindor versus Slytherin, I think," she supplied. "I mean, it was green and red, anyway, so I used those Ravenclaw powers of deduction." She smirked, and Harry laughed."Alright, Sherlock."A surprised thrill went through Calla. "You read them!" she cried. She'd been trying to get her brother to read the Sherlock stories she'd loaned him for ages. "About time, too! What did you think?"And like that, the conversation switched. Their previous fears and uncertainties were pushed behind them as they delved into discussion about Sherlock and Watson, Harry uncertain quite where he stood on Sherlock's character. Though Calla liked him, Harry thought he was a bit of an arse at times, which to be fair, Calla couldn't quite disagree with, though she had to point out that most everyone was a bit of an arse.It felt good, to just talk simply with her brother, and she would have stayed there as long as she could had it not been for the mortifying growl of her stomach. She scowled, glancing at her watch. Harry peered over her shoulder, as the hour hand ticked past the one o'clock."We should probably get lunch," he pointed out, stating the obvious."Yeah," Calla chuckled, jumping down from the ledge and bringing Harry with her. She paused, loitering by the tapestry. "Could we keep all this between us? For now, anyway." Her cheeks flushed with heat, and she looked down at her feet. "I'm not sure I want anyone else to know yet. Don't know how to explain it.""Of course," Harry replied, slinging a comforting arm around her shoulder. "I think I might tell Daphne and Padma about the voices, there's not way they didn't catch that last night." He chuckled, but without a whole lot of humour. "But other than that, yeah. Just the two of us."Calla quirked up an eyebrow, holding out her little finger. "Pinkie promise?"Harry chuckled, but agreed, hooking his finger with hers. "Pinkie promise."

November 1stDear Uncle Moony,Something terrible has happened at Hogwarts. We don't know if you know of the caretaker Argus Filch, and his cat, but, well, Mrs Norris has been petrified. We all thought she was dead, but Professor Dumbledore told us all she's still alive, just petrified, and no one knows quite what to do. There was a message left on the wall where it happened, and it was written in blood. I (Harry) thought it must have been Mrs Norris' blood, but she wasn't actually bleeding, and Calla thinks it might have been the blood of whoever wrote it, but that doesn't make sense either, because I couldn't see anyone else who was bleeding, plus you'd think they'd have a way to trace the petrifier if that was the case.We've also been having issues outside of that. I've been hearing voices, and heard it just before the petrification. It was talking about killing, tearing someone apart, and it was really, really horrible. Calla's been having visions too - she says she told you about them already, though - and one of them showed a cat and spiders, and these two big eyes, she says they were yellow. It doesn't make a whole lot of sense, why this is happening or anything, but we're trying to figure it out.Oh, Calla's just reminded me I never told you what the writing said. It said that the chamber of secrets had been opened, whatever that is, and that the enemies of the heir were to beware. Apparently this has happened before - I don't suppose you heard anything like this during your time at Hogwarts, or came across a chamber of secrets. We can't see it on the map, but if we've missed it, or you just couldn't plot us, we really want to know.According to Ron, his brother Bill's mentioned something about a secret chamber at Hogwarts, so he's going to try and find out more from him, and work out whatever we can from teachers and stuff. Any advice?All our love, Harry and Calla PotterPS from Calla: How are things with the moon? We don't want to add to your pressure, so please don't feel obligated to reply straight away if you can't, we'll see you at the Quidditch match anyway. Love you!It seemed the attack of Mrs Norris was all anyone could talk about for the next few days. Filch was near constantly pacing the floor on the first floor, where she'd been attacked, as if hoping that by wearing out the floorboards he could bring her back to him, or that the attacker would return and he could avenge his cat. Calla tried to avoid the corridor as much as she could, for every time she saw the message she felt a horrible cold feeling in the pit of her stomach, but the topic of the attack was unavoidable and really, she wanted to know the truth, needed to know it. Draco Malfoy's words kept repeating in her brain, hammering against her skull. You''ll be next, mudbloods.Terry and Isobel were rarely seen alone without a Ravenclaw escort, usually either Lisa, Michael, or Mandy. They always shivered when they saw the message on the wall, and Isobel always walked faster when she went past it. Despite Mr Filch's attempts to scrub the message away, it still gleamed as ghastly as ever on the stone wall, and though Calla, Padma and Anthony had tried to vanish the words, nothing would get rid of them.Calla tried to avoid him as much as she could, too. He skulked the halls with red eyes, snapping and lunging at any student who dared to so much as breathe in his presence, handing out detentions left right and centre.Ron, upon discussion with Padma, Hermione, Calla, and Harry, had shared what he knew or could deduce about the attack. "I reckon Filch is a squib," he told the four of them as they sat by the edge of the lake, watching out for the giant squid. "What else would he need Kwikspell for? And anyone who doesn't like muggleborns is bound not to like squibs either, I think. They could have gone for Mrs Norris to get at Filch.""But why, though?" was what Padma wanted to know. "What could anyone seek to get from attacking Mrs Norris, other than wanting to not get caught by her."Calla didn't quite understand it either, though Ron seemed to think it obvious. "Some who obviously hates squibs and muggleborns. We all heard what Malfoy said, didn't we? Whoever's behind the attack has it out for them. Explains a lot about Filch though, nasty git.""Ron!" Padma scolded sharply. "His cat just got petrified."Ron rolled his eyes. "Still a git. Anyway, shouldn't laugh at squibs I know, even if it is Filch, that's what dad would say." he shrugged. "I've asked Bill what he knows about the chamber of secrets, by the way, but he's in Egypt right now. Could ask Charlie, I guess, but he's in Romania, and I'm sure it was Bill who told me about those secret chambers when we were younger.""Either way," Hermione said, tossing out her hair. "I'd like to know what's going on."Indeed, she had a book in front of her, this one about the hidden secrets of the wizarding world. She wasn't making much progress so far, but it was only a day after the attack. It made sense, of course, that she was concerned. She was always reading, but now more than ever, and among them, she was the most likely to be threatened by this 'heir'. The thought of Hermione meeting a similar fate to Mrs Norris honestly sickened Calla to the very bottom of her stomach.Hermione wasn't the only one affected by the chamber of secrets business. Ginny Weasley was particularly disturbed, as according to Ron, she was a great lover of cats. No matter how many times Ron or Harry tried to assure her that Mrs Norris was horrible anyway, and that she didn't need to feel bad, she still cried, and her face was almost perpetually pale, lips trembling at every mention of the attack."They'll be expelled in no time once they catch them," Ron told Ginny one day, trying to calm her down. "You'll see. This stuff doesn't happen often at Hogwarts, it'll be alright."Calla didn't want to remind either of them of the fact that a teacher had You-Know-Who growing out of his head all last year.Daphne, too, had been quiet ever since the attack on Mrs Norris. More than quiet, really. It was like she shut down completely in the wake of the disaster, refusing to speak with her friends or join them when they worked on their essays for History of Magic. For the first few days, they all did their hardest to include her, to coax her out of the stifling silence, but she did nothing but sit there, sullen, reading or writing without a spoken word in between. A couple of times, Calla saw her walking and talking to her sister in the halls, or in the library bent over some parchment, but all her attempts at conversation sputtered out with a glare from Astoria.Even though Calla didn't know what quite what either Daphne or Hermione were doing, she was soon to find out about the personal project that the latter had taken up.She met Padma and Ron in the library to do their History of Magic, waiting impatiently for Harry to finish lunch. He'd managed to get himself into a detention with Snape, scraping tubeworms off of the desk. Lounging back on a chair with Padma, she caught sight of a group of Hufflepuffs - Zach, Justin, and Hannah - across the room. She grinned at Zach, giving a jaunty wave and sitting up straighter. She almost went to talk to them, quite bored of their unproductive study session, but stopped when she caught the pale, fear stricken eyes of Justin Finch-Fletchley. She frowned at Zach, tilting her head to the side, but he shook his head, turning his head back to his work."Do you know what's up with them?" she asked Padma, gesturing to the Hufflepuffs, who refused to look back at her.Padma shook her head. "No idea." She looked across the room, narrowing her eyes. "Rude, though.""Yeah."At that moment, Justin stood up, making to leave the library and disappearing behind the shelves. A mere moment later, Harry came in, looking quite bemused as his eyes searched for them. When he finally arrived, he slumped down in his chair, frowning."What's up with you?" Padma asked, frowning."Medieval Assembly of European Wizards," Ron spoke out loud with a groan, answering for him. "I'm still eight inches short, can you believe it? Hermione's handwriting's tiny, but she's got four feet seven inches already, it's ridiculous.""Where is Hermione?" Harry asked, ignoring Padma;s question. Calla felt her friend bristle next to her."Somewhere over there, I think," Calla said. "She's looking for a book.""Trying to read the whole bloody library before Christmas, I reckon," Ron muttered."Right." Harry paused. "Saw Justin Finch-Fletchley on my way up here, but the way. About sprinted away the second he saw me.""You're getting it, too?" Calla asked in surprise. "Thought it was just me they had a problem with.""Dunno why either of you care," Ron told them, scribbling an extra few lines on his parchment, as large as he could manage. "I always thought Finch-Fletchley was a bit of an idiot, spouting all his rubbish about how Lockhart was so great-"He was cut off as Hermione appeared from behind a bookshelf, lips pursed. At least, though, she seemed ready to talk to them. "All the copies of Hogwarts: A History, have been taken out," she told them, huffing as she sat down between Harry and Calla. There's a two week waiting list to check it out. I meant to make room for it in my trunk, I really should have, but what with all of those Lockhart books it just wouldn't fit.""What do you want with it?" Harry asked, screwing his face up."Same as everyone else." She bit her lip. "I want to read up on the legend of the chamber of secrets.""What's that?"Padma scoffed at Ron, who glared back at her."That's just it," Hermione replied, ignoring their silent fight. "I can't quite remember it. And I can't find the story anywhere else.""Well, why didn't you just say so?" Padma huffed, standing up abruptly. "I've got my copy sitting back in the Ravenclaw dorm, could have loaned it to you ages ago if you wanted a read.""Hermione," Ron cut in, checking his watch, "let me read your composition.""No," Hermione said sharply, "you've had ten days, that's quite enough time." Ron groaned. "Anyway, Padma," she continued, brightening, "could I get it from you after History of Magic?"Padma shook her head, wincing. "Loaned it to Luna Lovegood in the year below us. Sorry."Hermione groaned, though Ron took his moment to try again. "I only need another two inches, Mione, come on..."The bell rang and they stood up sharply, Ron and Hermione bickering all the way out the door as Harry, Calla and Padma hung back. "You don't think you could get your book back off that Lovegood girl, could you?" Harry asked Padma, voice desperate. "Hermione's about to go spare.""Ron's not helping," Calla pointed out, gesturing to the two arguing Gryffindors.Harry nodded sadly. "You try staying in the same tower with them. Torture, I tell you."The International Warlock Convention of 1289 was not Calla's favourite area of history. She sat back in her chair next to Harry, doodling absentmindedly on a piece of parchment, ink spilling over and soaking into the paper. Harry leaned his head on her shoulder, half asleep in the middle of Binns' lecture, even duller than usual. She would have continued to read along with his lecture, but she'd already read the chapter they were on, and had very little intentions of going over it.Despite her feelings about 1289, Calla tried to at least seem like she was paying attention. It was rare for anyone to care about Binn's lectures, considering the most exciting thing to ever happen in his class was his entering through the blackboard. Calla wondered if Binns had even noticed he was dead, or if he had and simply didn't care. Really, you had to admire his dedication, if nothing else.She looked down at her parchment, and scribbled under a drawing of a lily the name Arcturus Bundy, who apparently attended the convention, and promptly went back to drawing. Then, as she focused on the leaves and the shading of the stem, something happened which she was sure had never occurred before in Binn's class.A hand went up in the air.She turned in confusion, to see Hermione waving about, trying to get their teacher's attention. her jaw dropped, and she prodded Harry sharply in the side to wake him up, gesturing to Hermione. Binns faltered in the middle of his lecture, catching sight of his student. His eyes widened in amazement."Er, yes, Miss-""Granger, sir," Hermione said, straightening in her seat.Behind her, Calla could hear Padma quietly whisper, "What?""Professor, I was wondering if you could tell us anything about the Chamber of Secrets." Hermione continued, voice clear and sharp. Calla heard a grumble behind her from Ron as he came to, woken by Hermione's voice.Around them, students shifted, breaking out of their stupor. Michael Corner's eyes widened as he lifted his head from the desk; Daphne jerked herself away from the window she was staring out of, and Parvati fumbled to wake up Lavender beside her.Professor Binns merely blinked. When he spoke, it was in a dry, wheezy voice. "My subject," he began in a slow drone, "is History of Magic. Miss Granger, I deal with facts, not myths or legends." He cleared his throat, shaking his head and making to return to his lecture. "As I was saying, in September of that year-"He was cut off abruptly, by Hermione waving her hand in the air again."Grant?""Granger, sir," Hermione corrected. "But don't all legends usually have a basis in facts?""Well," Professor Binns said slowly, frowning in amazement, "I suppose one could argue as such. However, the legend you speak of is such a ridiculous, nay, ludicrous tale..."The whole class was now staring at binns with rapt attention, the likes of which Calla was sure he had never been paid before in either life or death."Oh," he said, thrown by such interest directed towards him, "very well, then, I suppose. Let's see, the Chamber of Secrets."As I am sure you all know, Hogwarts was founded over a thousand years ago, though the precise date is not certain, by the four greatest witches and wizards of the age. Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin, after whom the four school houses are named. They built this castle together, kept away from the eyes of muggles, who might fear magic in such an age, and who may have sought to persecute witches and wizards."He paused for a moment, gazing around the room. "For some years, the four worked together in harmony, and sought out marvellous youngsters who showed signs of magic, bringing them to the castle to be educated. But it was not to last. Disagreements sprung up between them, and a rift grew between Slytherin and the others. He wanted to be more selective about who the four admitted to Hogwarts, believing that the learning of magic should be strictly kept only to all-magical families. He didn't want to take in students of muggle parentage, believing them untrustworthy - dangerous, even. After time, there came a serious argument over the subject between Slytherin and Gryffindor, resulting in Slytherin leaving the school."He paused again, pursing his lips in deliberation. "We are told this much from reliable sources," he said, "but most of the honest facts have been obscured by the legend of the Chamber of Secrets. As the story goes, Slytherin had built a hidden chamber in the castle, without telling the other founders."According to the legend, Slytherin sealed the Chamber of Secrets so that no one would be able to open it until one of his own had arrived at the school. The heir alone would be able to unseal the Chamber of Secrets, unleash the horror within, and use it to purge the school of all those whom he deemed unworthy to study magic."Silence fell as he finished his story. Unlike the usual, drowsy feeling the usually smothered the classroom, thr air was filled with unease as the students continued to watch him anxiously, hoping for more of the story.Looking faintly annoyed, Binns continued. "The whole thing is nonsense, obviously," he said. "Naturally, the school has been searched for evidence of the chamber many times, but it does not exist. It is nothing more or less than a tale told to frighten those who would be so gullible as to believe it.!Hermione's hand shot back into the air, as did Daphne's. The latter looked around and flushed, lowering her hand as Hermione spoke up. "Sir, what exactly do you mean by the horror within the chamber?""It is belived to be a sort of monster, which the heir of Slytherin alone may control," the professor replied in a reedy voice. "I tell you," he continued, seeing the class' nervous glances at one another, "the thing does not exist. There is no chamber, and there is certainly no monster.""But, sir," Seamus Finnigan piped up, "if the chamber can only be opened by Slytherin's true heir, no one else would be able to find it, would they?""Nonsense, O'Flaherty," Binns said, grinding out the words. "If a long succession of Hogwarts teachers haven't been able to find the thin-""But, Professor," Parvati said, "you'd probably have to use Dark Magic to open it-""Miss Pennyfeather, just because a wizard doesn't use Dark Magic, doesn't mean he can't," Binns snapped. "I repeat, if the likes of Dumbledore-""But what if you've got to be related to Slytherin?" Calla asked, question pressing."Yeah," Dean Thomas added, "then Dumbledore wouldn't be able to-""That will do," Professor Binns snapped, sharply. "It is a myth! It does not exist! There is not a single shred of evidence that even so much as a secret broom cupboard was built by Slytherin! I regret telling you this fool's tale! Now, if you please, return to history, to solid, believable, verifiable fact!"Five minutes later, the class had returned to its stupor and Calla doodled more flowers on her parchment, thinking on Binns' words. At least she knew they had something right from what they'd guessed: the heir was Slytherin's, and he was out to get muggleborns. She snuck an uneasy glance at Hermione, who was pale faced and leaning sullenly back in her chair, hardly paying any attention. She looked down at her parchment and started doodling again."Knew old Slytherin was a loony," Ron said as the group of five, barring Daphne, made their way to the intersection between Ravenclaw and Gryffindor Towers to drop off their bags. "Didn't know he started all of this pureblood stuff though.""Don't see why you could be surprised," Padma muttered, rolling her eyes. "They're all in on that nonsense, aren't they?""You couldn't put me in that house if you paid me," Ron said with great conviction, and Calla shot Harry a nervous glance. "I think if the hat had even tried to put me there, I would've just gotten the train straight back home."Hermione and Padma gave fervent nods, but Harry paled a little, looking with wide eyes at Calla. She gave him a weak, hopefully reassuring half-smile, one which he perhaps tried to reciprocate, but failed anyway.Calla knew Harry was yet to tell anyone but her that the Sorting Hat had seriously considered putting him in Slytherin, not even Uncle Moony. But he'd known of the house's reputation for turning out dark wizards, and despite being told that, yes, it could make him great, he had refused, asking to be placed in Gryffindor instead. She liked to avoid the fact that he'd been given a choice and still chosen a different house to her, and that she could have been in Gryffindor so easily, but wasn't.As they were pushed along in the throng of students, Calla spotted a tiny Gryffindor first year clutching a camera, who turned to Harry."Hiya, Harry!" the boy chirped."Hello, Colin," Harry said in a dull voice, and Calla frowned at him."Listen, Harry - Harry a boy in my year has been telling people that you and your sister are - that you're-"But little Colin was too little, it seemed, and got stuck in the tidal wave of students, swept along so all they could hear was his squeaked goodbye before he vanished from view. Calla frowned at her brother. "What was that about?" she asked.Harry shrugged. "What d'you mean?""You sounded rude," she said shortly, mildly irritated at his confusion."Did I?" he asked with a frown. "I didn't realise."She rolled her eyes. Of course not."What's a boy in his year saying about you two?" Hermione asked, before Calla could berate her brother further."That we're Slytherins heirs or something, I expect," Harry said gloomily, as Calla's stomach sank. It twisted in knots, as she recalled how Justin had avoided her gaze, how he'd ran away from Harry."People here will believe anything," Ron said in disgust, and Padma nodded."They just want someone to blame," Padma said with a scoff.They started clambering up the next staircase, nearing the junction between the two towers."Do you think there really could be a chamber of secrets?" calla wondered aloud, not sure if she should believe it herself."I think it's entirely possible," Hermione said, tossing her hair. "After all, how many secret passages are on that map of Calla's? And Dumbledore couldn't cure Mrs Norris, so I think, well, it's possible that whatever attacked her might not be..."She trailed off, and Padma finished for her. "Might not be quite human?"Hermione nodded. "Yeah."The group turned a corner, bringing them to the very corridor where the attack had taken place. The blood still stained the wall, ugly and jarring against the grey stone. The scene had barely changed since that fateful night, except Mrs Norris' limp body had disappeared, and there was a chair set up against the wall where the writing was."Filch has been keeping watch there," Ron said."Don't know where he is now," Padma added, looking around with a frown."Can't hurt to have a look around," Harry supposed, shrugging. He rolled up his sleeves and dropped his bag, getting down to his hands and knees, presumably to look for clues. Calla stared at him, before setting off on foot to look at the wall, examining and pressing the stones to see if any of them might give way."Scorch marks!" Harry cried, startling Calla and Padma beside her. "Look, here and here!""Come and look at this," said Hermione, beckoning the others over. "This is weird..."Calla and Padma crossed the corridor to beside her, at the window next to the writing on the wall. She pointed at the window pane at the top. At least a dozen spiders scuttled along it, looking as though they could be fighting to slip through a jarring crack in the glass. A silver thread dangled through it - perhaps part of a web - and dangled, like they'd all scaled it in their haste to get outside."I've never seen spiders act like that before," Padma said with a sudder."Me neither," Harry said, as Hermione shook her head."It's weird." She frowned. "Have you, Ron?" There was no reply. "Ron?"Calla turned at the same time as Harry, to see Ron standing a few feet away, pale faced and wide eyed, shuddering like he was fighting not to run. "What's up?" Harry asked, voice worried."I-" Ron stuttered out, "I - don't like - spiders," he said tensely, hands shaking a little."I didn't know that," Hermione said, looking at him in surprise. "You've used them for Potions and things, haven't you?""Yeah, when they're dead," he said, avoiding the window. "They move weird."Hermione giggled, and Padma shot her a look. "It's not funny," Ron said fiercely. "It's not my fault, when I was little Fred turned my teddy bear into a massive spider, because I broke his toy broom. You wouldn't like them either if it had been you holding your bear when it suddenly had six too many legs and..."He broke off with a shudder, while Hermione attempted not to laugh. Calla and Harry caught each other's eyes, suspecting it would be a good idea to move away from the subject. She herself felt rather uncomfortable, stomach twisting and nausea rising within her throat when she looked at the spiders.There was no cat, as there had been in her vision, but there were spiders, and that unsettled her. Given that they were in almost the exact place where Mrs Norris had been attacked, she felt sure it was connected and, she realised, that cat could very well be Mrs Norris, or representative of her at least. Was that possible? Most of her visions had been literal before, but could they be symbolic too, was that even a possibility? Questions swirled in her head, but she was jerked from her thoughts by Harry, who tugged her over to where the others stood by the entrance to the girl's toilet with the 'Out of Order' sign.She frowned as they went inside. It had to be Moaning Myrtle's toilet, didn't it?Paying no heed to the out of order sign, Hermione pushed open the door, revealing perhaps the gloomiest place Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry had to offer. It beat out even the dungeons, and Snape's classroom. That was saying something.The sinks were chipped, the mirrors cracked, and cobwebs hung from each corner. Water rushed in the pipes, plumbing rumbling along. And behind it, fitting in to the eerie background noise, was the quiet, muffled sound of Myrtle sobbing.Calla exchanged a glance with Harry, who nodded. She stepped forward nervously, feet too loud on the floor. "Who's there?" asked a thick, sharp voice. "Someone come to laugh at me?""It's just me, Myrtle," Calla said, in the kindest voice she could manage. Myrtle had always preferred Ravenclaw girls to any other house, even if she couldn't really be said to like anyone in particular. "Calla Potter. I'm here with my friends, we'd like to talk to you."There was a pause, a moment of silence, before a silvery wisp came from within a cubicle and Myrtle floated out, eyes round and watery. "Hello," she said, eyes narrowing and words biting out in spite. She focused in on Ron and Harry and sneered. "This is the girl's bathroom. You don't look much like girls to me.""We've come to speak to you," Harry told her cheerfully. "A cat was petrified just outside your door on Halloween, we wanted to know if you'd seen anything suspicious.""I didn't see anything," Myrtle said in a nasal, high voice. "I was in here all night after horrible Peeves was horrible to me." Her lip wobbled and Calla made to try and comfort her, but she let out a wail of anguish and swooped away, sobbing."But surely you must have seen something!" Ron cried out, making to go after her.Padma held him back. "Don't," she said. "You'll upset her."But it was too late for that, Myrtle had vanished out of sight and was sobbing, grossly, wetly, and loudly in a nearby stall. "Come on," Padma sighed, as they stood listening to her sobs. "We're not getting anything more out of her, not today."They sighed, but couldn't disagree. Calla linked her arm with Harry's as they turned around, making their way out the bathroom. "That was gloomy," Harry said to her, in a quiet voice."That was Myrtle."He let out a low chuckle as they opened the door, stepping out into a corridor, but a loud, boom in voice made all five of them jump. "Ron!"They startled, turning around to see Percy Weasley striding down the corridor, frowning deeply at them. "What are you doing here?"He fumbled, tips of his ears turning red. "Going to Gryffindor Tower?"Percy stopped a few feet away, glaring at him. "That was the girls' bathroom."His cheeks flushed. "Was it?""Yes." Percy narrowed his eyes. "What were you doing in there, Ron?""I, er got lost.""Is that so?" He glared. "Get away from here, Ron. Do you have any idea what this looks like, the lot of you coming back here while everyone else is at diner?" He turned on Harry and Calla, fuming. "Do you know what people are saying about you? Everyone's thoroughly excited about all of this chamber of secrets business, especially the first years, poor Ginny's worried sick!""Don't pretend you care about me and Ginny," Ron hissed back, furious. Calla stared at him, not knowing quite what to think. She'd never seen Ron quite so angry, especially not at one of his own family. "You just care about how this looks for you, if it's going to stop you from becoming Head Boy!"Percy went bright red and began flapping his hands like a great bird, attempting to herd them all back down the corridor - never mind that they still had to get to their respective towers. "Five points from Gryffindor, Ronald!" he was shouting, furious. "For your insolence."Ron turned around, spitting fire. "You're taking points from me now! I'm your brother, we're in the same house, are you mad?""Go, now!" Percy shouted. "And don't let me see the five of you up here again, or I'll tell Professor McGonagall myself!"After that, they stayed away from the corridor outside Myrtle's bathroom. Calla was glad of it, really, seeing as she didn't have to see the bone chilling writing anymore, but it still haunted her, and the spiders still crowded her mind.For a while, Hermione went quiet again, reading up on anything and everything she could. Daphne, of course, was silent, though now at least she would give Calla the occasional wave as they passed one another in the corridors. She almost always had some Slytherin with her, usually either Astoria, Draco Malfoy, or Pansy Parkinson.Calla would smile back, pretending like it didn't hurt and twist her stomach to realise that she was losing Daphne again. She was perhaps her first real, true friend outside of Harry, and it hurt to know that she wasn't as important to Daphne as Daphne was to her. And despite the tension between them, and between the rest of their little group, Calla couldn't bring herself to dislike Daphne for it, something which infuriated her. She didn't even know why, she just couldn't do it. All she was capable of feeling, it seemed, was an unquestionable feeling of loss, which ate her up inside every day and every night when she looked over at Daphne's bed and found it empty yet again.

It was only a few days later, of course, that the group of five decided to jump back into their investigation. Calla had met an exhausted Harry fresh from his Quidditch practice and walked him up to the library to work on their essay for Transfiguration, which Calla was not looking forward to. Of course, it wasn't the essay that bothered her, but the fact that they would soon have to put the spell into practice, and turn a porcupine into a pin cushion.So, when she slumped into a chair in the library next to her brother, she was willing to do pretty much anything but her homework. Ron gripped his wand with white knuckles, and looked over at Calla, sighing. He slammed his textbook shut, making her jump, as Padma raised her eyebrows."What's up with you?" she asked, frowning."Wand's busted," he muttered.Hermione shook her head, closing her copy of the Standard Book Of Spells in a much more elegant manner than Ron had. "Doesn't matter, anyway," she said, surprising them all. "We've got more important things to worry about than homework."Calla almost choked. "Hermione Granger, says there are more important things to worry about than homework?"Hermione glared at her. "You're very funny, Calla. And yes, actually, I do." She leaned closer to them, in a conspiratorial manner. "The chamber of secrets."There were murmurs of agreement, and Calla found she had to agree too. The whole school had been on edge recently because of it, and she herself was beginning to grow nervous with all the odd glances thrown her direction."We need to know who the heir is," Ron said, quite confidently. "Whoever they are, they've got to be stopped.""But who can it be?" Hermione whispered, glancing around nervously. "Who on earth would want all the muggleborns out of Hogwarts?""Let's see," Ron said, voice heated. "Who do we know who thinks all muggleborns are scum?"Hermione paled. "If you're talking about Malfoy-""Oh, come on, Hermione," Harry sighed, and Calla gave him a sharp look. "You heard what he said, and how he's spoken to people in the past.""He's horrible," Padma said, "you can't defend him.""The Malfoys have been in Slytherin house for generations," Ron told them. "They're proud of it.""But, really?" Hermione looked at them disapprovingly. "Malfoy, as the heir of Slytherin?" She shook her head. "No, I don't believe it.""You should," Padma told her. "His father's definitely evil enough, just look at him. He hates muggleborns, and he hates anyone who isn't his idea of how a proper wizard should be." She wrinkled her nose in disgust. "My parents have heard enough of his opinions in the past to know exactly what he's capable.""Yeah, but how could Malfoy do it?" calla wanted to know. Heads swivelled to her and she flushed. "Well, he's the same age as us, isn't he? Petrification must be really complex magic, especially if Dumbledore can't even reverse it. How could he manage it?""Maybe he didn't need to do anything except open it!" Ron suggested, with great and possibly uneccessary excitement. "If there's a monster inside, maybe he just needed to let inside. They could have a key to the chamber, passed it down for generations, father to son.""Well," Hermione said, considering the idea. "I suppose it could be possible."Calla groaned. There was no way she could believe that a twelve year old was capable of petrifying, and really, it didn't make much sense that Malfoy had done it and nobody knew about it. He boasted about everything: it was his way of living."We'd need to prove it," Calla told them, before anyone could get deeper into accusations. "I won't believe he's done it unless we have evidence, evidence which I don't think really exists.""There might be a way," Hermione said lowly. "It would be difficult, though, and very, very dangerous. I expect we would be breaking at least fifty school rules.""Do you mind actually explaining?" Ron asked irritably.Hermione bristled and looked at Ron coldly. "Alright, then. We'd need to get into the Slytherin common room and ask Malfoy ourselves, but without him realising that it's us.""With all due respect, Hermione," Padma began, "that's impossible. malfoy'd never tell us anything, would he?""But he wouldn't be telling us," Hermione said, eyes lit up with excited fire. "All we'd need is Polyjuice Potion.""Sorry, what potion?""Polyjuice Potion." Hermione grinned. "Remember, Snape mentioned it in class a few weeks ago. It transforms you into someone else. All we'd need to do is transform into some of the Slytherins, and ask Malfoy, he'd spill everything. I think we should definitely go for Crabbe and Goyle, he tells them about everything. I reckon he's boasting all about it in the common room right now, if only we could hear him.""I'm not sure that's a good idea, Hermione," Padma said, looking troubled."Yeah, I think it sounds a bit dodgy," Ron put in. "Imagine if we stayed like the Slytherins forever." He gave an exaggerated shudder, making Padma, calla, and Harry laugh while Hermione glared at them, rolling her eyes."It wears off after a bit," she said, "but getting hold of the recipe might be a tad tricky. Snape said it was in Moste Potente Potions, but it's all the way in the Restricted Section."All five of them glanced over to the darkest section of the library, sealed with a lock and metal portcullis. "Don't all look now," Hermione hissed."We'd need a sign note from a teacher though, remember?" Calla pointed out. "Snape wouldn't let us, neither would anyone I don't think. What teacher would let a group of twelve year olds check out a book like that?"Harry grinned as he turned to her, and she felt unease settle in her gut. "You could convince someone," he told her with pleading eyes. "All the teachers love you."She rolled her eyes. "They feel sorry for me. There's a difference, Harry.""Well," Hermione interjected, "a teacher needn't know why we need the book, not necessarily. We could just say that we're interested in the theory - or rather, that you're interested in the theory, Calla." She rolled her eyes, as did Ron."Come on," he huffed. "No teacher'll fall for that, even if it is Calla who does the asking. They'd have to be really, really thick."Gilderoy Lockhart was, in Ron's words, really, really thick.Ever since the notorious Cornish pixies incident in Harry's class, Lockhart hadn't brought any creatures to class, and resorted to merely reading stories from his own books. It might have been interesting, were it not for the fact that Calla thought he was probably lying or exaggerating about most of it, and that she seriously despised how he portrayed the werewolves in Wanderings with Werewolves. According to Harry, he'd been forced to take part in re-enacting some scenes, as Calla had too. Between the two of them, they'd portrayed a yeti with a head cold, a babbling Transylvanian villager, a ghoul with dragon pox, a one eyed troll, and a vampire who could eat only lettuce.It was the day after they'd decided to start brewing Polyjuice Potion that he called Calla up to play a hungry, wicked werewolf."Miss Potter?" he repeated, when she refused to answer him, and merely glared. "Can you come up here, please?"She hadn't bothered to open her book to read along with this class. In her browsing, she'd already read enough about how werewolves were inherently vile, mentally disturbed creatures. Gilderoy Lockhart believed that werewolves, all werewolves, ought to be rounded up and taken to Azkaban, for fear of what they might do. "No," she said. She knew she had to get into Lockhart's good graces, and Padma by her side prodded her to just get on with it - she'd done everything else - but she couldn't quell the anger inside of her. There was no way she was going to give credibility to Lockhart's claims and ideas of what werewolves were like, not when he probably had never even met one. Either way, he'd certainly never met her godfather."Miss Potter, I am asking you as your teacher, to help me entertain the class.""Entertain?" she asked, astounded. "You're a teacher, not a performer. I won't do it."His face was slowly turning purple, but she refused to budge. Everyone in the class was staring at her now, as she realised it was possibly the most some of them had ever heard her speak before. "Miss Potter, the portrayal of my takedown of the werewolf is vital to the education of your fellow students, and to yourself.""Sorry," she replied with a scowl. "But I don't think you know how to educate anybody, Professor.""Calla, just do it," Padma hissed from beside her, clutching her arm. Calla shook her off, perhaps a bit more violent than was necessary. "You're supposed to get in his good graces."She ignored her friend. "Professor, tell me, have you ever actually met a werewolf, or do you just like to play into the false, scaremongering stereotypes around them?""Miss Potter, what exactly are you implying?" Lockhart's eyes were dangerously angry now. "I tell you, my adventures in Wanderings with a Werewolf are quite true, despite how terrifying I know these creatures must seem. Now, if you please, get up here and assist me.""No."He faltered, and Calla heard Daphne suck in a breath. "Miss Potter, I am your teacher, now get up here.""No," she said, getting to her feet. "You are a liar, and a bigot, spreading tall tales about werewolves. I've read what you have to say about them and, quite frankly, it is sickening, it's vile, and it's gross!""How dare you speak to me in this way?" Lockhart asked, voice dangerously low. "You are a child, I am the esteemed author of some of the most popular novels on fighting dark creatures. I have written Wanderings with Werewolves, Break with a Banshee, and Holidays with Hags, to name but a few!""I don't care," she replied, voice venomous. "I'm not going to pretend to believe what you think about werewolves, and I'm not going to pretend to believe that you are a credible source of any information."his face turned purple as he drew himself up to full height. "Get out of my classroom, miss Potter," he said, voice scarily even. "Go to your head of house, and don't come back until you have some rational thought in your head.""Fine," she muttered. "If believing your every stupid word is your idea of rational thought, then I suppose I won't bother returning."And with that, she scooped all of her supplies into her bag, slung it onto her shoulder and stalked out of the classroom, without looking back.Now, this did present a problem, considering that there was now an even slimmer chance of them getting their hands of Moste Potente Potions, but at that moment, Calla couldn't care less. She made her way towards Professor Flitwick's office, face heated and burning in anger, hands clenched into tight fists which swung at her sides. Her shoes thumped on the ground as she rushed through the halls, ignoring the stares of the few students who were on free periods, and cane to a stop outside Professor Flitwick's office.She knocked twice and stood back, crossing her arms tightly over her chest. The door swung open and she looked down to see Professor Flitwick staring up at her, looking rather bemused."Miss Potter," He squeaked, "oughtn't you to be in Professor Lockhart's class right now?""I, er..." She fidgeted with her satchel, hopping from foot to foot. "I sort of got sent out." Professor Flitwick raised his eyebrows in disbelief. "I have a good reason, though, Professor!"He sighed. "Very well, Miss Potter. Come in and sit down. I suppose we ought to have a chat about this."She went into the office, anger melting away and giving way to nerves as she sat down opposite Flitwick. He mounted himself upon the stack of books on his chair, so they were eye to eye, and gave her a look that fell somewhere between disapproval and concern."What happened, Miss Potter?" he asked, not unkindly."Lockhart - Sorry, Professor Lockhart - keeps wanting me to help him re enact scenes from his books, seeing as he doesn't like to actually teach us anything in his class." The words were bitter, but she didn't care, and Professor Flitwick did nothing to correct her tone. "Usually, I just get on with it, even if he is annoying, but today he wanted me to act like a werewolf." She looked to Flitwick, trying to gauge his reaction, and he nodded in understanding."Your godfather is Remus Lupin, correct?" he asked, and she nodded, sighing a little in relief. Flitwick, clearly, knew the situation, and she couldn't have been more relieved. Had it been Snape as her head of house, she was sure this conversation would be very different."I know Lockhart's views on werewolves, and I think them repulsive," she bit out. "I wasn't going to assist his so-called teaching and make it look like I was backing him up. Professor Flitwick, I'm sorry, but I couldn't just do that. I told him no, but he insisted." She gritted her teeth in fury at the memory. "So I called him a liar.""A liar?" Professor Flitwick repeated, looking like he was suppressing a giggle. "Professor Lockhart?""I don't believe he really did what he claims to," she said. "Not after how incompetent he was with the pixies in Harry's class. He's arrogant too, and he annoys everyone, sir, do you know how many times he's made my brother late for class because he wants to educate him on how to be a celebrity? Harry doesn't even want fame, but Lockhart seems to want any bit of it he can get." Frustration welled up in her chest again, and she gripped her satchel tighter. "He says I'm to go back when I'm feeling like being rational.""I see." Professor Flitwick gave her a knowing look. "Miss Potter, I do not like to compare you to your parents, for I know you are a different person to them." She tensed. "But I knew your mother well, and I believe she would have acted in much the same way as you did in this situation, as would many. I will not punish you for standing up for your beliefs, however I do ask that if there is a next time, you try not to call Lockhart our on his lying."Her eyebrows shit up, and surprise went through her. "You think he's lying, too?""Miss Potter, I know he is lying." Her eyes bulged, and she wasn't sure she heard him quite right. "But you didn't hear that from me.""Of course not, Professor." She shook her head."Then we understand one another. You may return to class if you wish, but as it is the end of the day, I will allow you to return to Ravenclaw Tower or the Library to study for another subject.""Sir," she asked, before she could stop, "Do I have to keep going to Defense?" She knew it might have sounded whiny, and she knew she needed to get her grades up, but it wasn't like Lockhart was going to help her with that anyway. "We don't even learn anything, really, and I won't pretend to agree with Lockhart for so many hours when I could be working on a subject that isn't a total farce."She knew she was perhaps getting a bit too casual in her opinion, but frankly, she didn't care. Calla wasn't sure what had just come over her, but it was definitely angry, and it was definitely bold, and it didn't want to lie down."I ask that you go to your next lesson of Defense Against the Dark Arts," Flitwick said slowly. "But, if you truly feel it is a waste of your time after that, and feel your time would be put to better use in other studies, then I will see what I can do." His eyes twinkled. "Now, you have half an hour before lessons end. I suggest you take time to cool down a little, and see if there is anything you can practice with this time." Professor Flitwick smiled at her, and Calla nodded back."Thank you, Professor," she said gratefully, standing up. "Have a nice day.""You got kicked out of class?" Harry, Ron and Hermione cried in unison as they met her and Padma on their way to dinner. Hermione looked at her disapprovingly, while Ron grinned and Harry looked torn between the two."Yeah," she said meekly, not quite ashamed of it yet."I've never seen a teacher so angry," Padma said with a touch of glee, having gotten over her infatuation lately, "not even Snape that time Mandy's potion covered him in gold glitter. It was sort of brilliant.""Thanks," Calla said with a short, awkward chuckle."I really don't think you should have argued with Lockhart, Calla," Hermione told her in a disapproving tone. "He's really a very interesting person, we could learn a lot from him."Harry turned to stare at her, incredulously. "Hermione, he's useless. All he does is tell stories.""Well, I happen to think they're good stories," she said primly, cheeks flushing pink. "And anyway, we needed him on our side to get the book, remember? He'll never give it to you now, not until you apologise.""I'm not going to apologise, Hermione," Calla said irritably. "He doesn't deserve it, and I don't care. We can find some other way to prove if Malfoy's guilty or not."Hermione looked at her slack jawed. "What do you mean you're not going to apologise?" she hissed. "From what I heard, you were very rude to him.""Yeah, well, he's annoying," Calla said, brushing it off. "And Flitwick says he's a liar, too, so there, we're not the only ones.""I don't quite think it's fair to-""Leave it, 'Mione," Harry interjected tiredly, putting an arm around Calla's shoulders. "Personally, I think it's brilliant, and we'll find another way to get it out of Malfoy. Right?""Seconded," Ron agreed, grinning. "Besides, one of us can still ask him, can't we? Just don't mention Calla, he might get a bit heated."They laughed, apart from Hermione, and the matter was dissolved as they ventured down to the Great Hall for breakfast.xxxxxThe morning of the Gryffindor and Slytherin match dawned bright, crisp, and early, sun streaming through the curtains to wake up the groggy Ravenclaw girl's dorm. Calla groaned as she rolled over, shielding her eyes from the harsh light. She was tired this morning, having had to stay up later than she liked last night to work on the Polyjuice Potion with her friends. According to Harry, Lockhart had barely looked at the name of the book he'd asked to take out of the library, and it was all too easy for them to get their hands on the copy of Moste Potente Potions.It was to take around a month for the potion to brew, a fact which Ron had protested most furiously, but there was nothing that could be done to speed up the process unless they wanted it to go horribly wrong."Come on, Potter," Lisa chirped, more cheerful than she had any right to be at this hour. "Quidditch today, can't you wait to see Malfoy knocked off his arse by your brother?" Now, that was something Calla couldn't say she didn't want to see.She rolled over and out of her bed, standing up straight. At least she'd get to see Uncle Moony today, even if she was exhausted, and the thought perked her up considerably. She got ready as quick as she could, as both she and Padma donned their honourary Gryffindor scarves for the occasion and set off down to the Great Hall, where Harry picked at his breakfast. Rolling her eyes with a huff, Calla made to join him at the Gryffindor table, wrapping a comforting arm around his shoulders."I take it you're nervous?" she asked him, taking a slice of toast.Harry nodded, face a pale green shade. "Their brooms are so fast, Calla," he said, a little numbly. "Like, really fast.""They're racing brooms," Padma said, with an air of superiority. The group turned to her, Calla and Ron both sighing. Really, that was not the best thing to say. She stared, as though there was something she had to say that was obvious, and shook her head. "They're not designed for Quidditch and sharp corners. You don't have to be faster, just better." When no one said anything, she sighed. "Really, you couldn't do more research about the broom?""I..." Harry fumbled over his words, so Ron spoke for him."We didn't really think it was necessary."Padma sighed. "Of course you didn't." She gave an over-dramatic huff and flopped down onto Calla's shoulder. "Gryffindors, eh? Can't take the logical approach to anything, can they?""I would have," Hermione piped up in her defence. "But brooms aren't all that exciting."Calla pointed at her with her bit of toast. "Agreed.""Oi, Harry," called Fred Weasley from the other side of the table, standing up in full Quidditch gear. "It's time to go."Harry paled, and turned to Calla, looking like he might be sick. She gave him a smile that she hoped looked more confident than she felt. "Good luck," she said, wrapping him in a quick hug. "You'll do brilliant, I'm sure of it."Calla's assurances appeared to ease him, and she wondered if he thought she knew how the match would turn out. Well, technically she did, but it wasn't 'brilliant'. "Thanks, Cal," he said, releasing her. "I'll see you later, yeah?"It was around a quarter of an hour later when the four of them - Ron, Calla, Hermione and Padma - set off down to the Quidditch Pitch, searching for the best seats. By that time, clouds had appeared, and it was startling to drizzle on rain, not a good omen if you asked Calla.Ron shrugged. "I don't know, I think he must be, but he set off early before we all woke up. The Slytherins have got the fastest brooms gold can buy, and from the sounds of it all our team are worried we'll be outflown." He took a bite of his toast, chewing it off. "He'll be alright, though, he always is. Youngest seeker in a century, and miles better than Malfoy'll ever be.""Yes, Ron," Hermione said irritably from his other side, "we know."There came a great, sudden roar of noise from around the stand and calla peered over the edge to see the two teams arriving onto the pitch, red and green both clutching their brooms tightly in their fists. Madam Hooch blew her whistle as Wood and Flint shook hands and the players rose up in the air, the crowd cheering and egging them on with much eagerness, desperate for the excitement of it all, clinging to it in fact. Calla smiled and watched the match play out, though she was unable to avoid the hint of unease that scrambled her stomach. She'd seen an accident, had seen Harry getting hurt, and it hit her like a brick wall, the terror and realisation that somehow, she had forgotten.But she couldn't do much other than keep a keen eye on Harry, not without knowing what was actually going to happen. She squinted, trying to make out distinct shapes and faces between the blurs of colours sweeping across the sky. Harry had been right when he told her his worries about Slytherin. Their brooms were fast, faster than Harry's and easily outpacing the Weasley twins' Cleansweeps.Calla squinted at the pitch, trying to make out any golden glint that could be the Snitch, though there was nothing she could see. Once, she thought she saw something strange near the edge of the pitch, but by the time she focused on it, it was gone, and certainly not the snitch. Besides, now she had something else to worry about, as a coal coloured ball came barrelling through the clouds and straight towards her brother."Harry!" she shrieked, heart dropping to the pit of her stomach.His head turned towards her, just a little, as he dove out of the way. The bludger grazed the top of his hair, and he swooped towards the ground. Calla breathed a sigh of relief, but it was short-lived as Padma elbowed her in the side."That bludger came out of nowhere," she said, frowning. "It was heading right for Oliver before it switched directions."Calla nodded, not sure why it was important. "That's what they do, right? I thought the bludgers' purpose was to take out players.""Not specific ones, though," Padma told her. "Look, there it goes again, right for Harry."Calla frowned as she looked up in the direction where Padma was pointing. Indeed, the bludger was headed back to Harry, despite being far closer in proximity to Marcus Flint. At that moment, the heavens opened, rain lashing onto Calla's cheeks as she squinted, trying to make out Harry's form.George Weasley swooped onto the scene, batting the bludger away with what must have been all the force he could muster, but after a bare few seconds it came whirring back. Calla thought she saw one of the chaser girls yell something to Harry, as he floated in the air opposite Malfoy, having done a nifty barrel roll.He nodded and shot off, Malfoy on his tail. The bludger followed. "What's he doing?" Calla muttered, staring."Bludger might hit Malfoy," Ron suggested, from beside her."Or it could hit him," Padma hissed back. "We have to do something!""We can't," Hermione said, cutting him off with a sharp look. "Any spell we try could end up hitting Harry instead, and no, Ronald, you are not getting to use that wand anywhere near me."The tips of Ron's ears went red as he stowed his wand away. Calla's eyes returned to the pitch, where both the bludger and Malfoy were whirring after Harry, unrelenting. "The bludger's rigged," she decided, narrowing her eyes in disgust. "Someone's jinxed it to follow Harry, i'm sure.""Bet it was Malfoy," Ron muttered, but Calla was already on her way downstairs, legs moving almost of their own accord.There was only one way to get rid of the rogue bludger, and that was to call off the match to have it destroyed. Maybe Harry wouldn't want to stop, but there was no way she was going to let him get seriously injured all for the sake of a few house points. "Where are you going?" Hermione shouted after her, but she ignored her, losing sight of Harry as she raced down the twisting, rickety wooden stairwell.She came out at the bottom, hearing a roar from the crowd and paused for only one second before continuing on, trying to recall where the opening to the pitch was. Gripping her wand, she raced forward, only to leap out the way as something golden flashed before her, quickly followed by Malfoy and then Harry, hardly a foot behind him. And then, of course, came the bludger. Her eyes widened as terror slammed into her, and she froze, running through spells in her head, though no ideas came to her. The bludger was an inch away from her face when she finally dove out of the way, crashing into the wooden walls of the stadium.She sprinted in the direction they'd came, over the floor until she saw the glimmer of light ahead. She moved towards it, eyes scanning for Madam Hooch, just in time for her to see the bludger hit the end of Harry's broom. He toppled forwards, hands outstretched, and landing hard on his right arm. She could almost hear the ghastly crunch, and cringed as he made impact.Then, of course, came the magic words. "Harry Potter has caught the Snitch!" rang around the stadium, as students cheered.Calla sprinted forwards, out onto the pitch as a groggy Harry stirred on the grass. "Harry!" she shouted on instinct, fear gripping her at the paleness of his face. Oh no, oh no, oh no. What if he was hurt? Ugh. She should have acted ages ago, should have made sure he was okay, what if he'd broken a bone, what if he was concussed or about to be unconscious, he certainly looked pale enough.She propelled herself forward to kneel by his side, panting furiously. "Oh my God, are you alright, what happened, did it hit you?"He smiled dopily and uncurled his fist, to show the gleaming golden ball. "I caught the snitch, Calla."She huffed. "That's not what I asked, Harry."She didn't get a proper answer from him, as her brother chose that precise moment to faint. So that was brilliant.Footsteps thundered behind him, people rushing down to see if Harry was okay. Hermione led the charge, Ron and Padma sprinting behind her as Uncle Moony came from the other direction, Professor Lockhart running with him, lavender robes swirling."What happened?" Hermione cried, stumbling to kneel beside Calla. "Has he fainted?""I - I think so," she said, as Uncle Moony came to her side."That bludger's been tampered with," he told her, brow furrowed. There was a firm, furious set to his jaw. "Calla, you must tell me, is there anyone you think would have reason to target Harry?""Only every Slytherin in the castle," Ron said, having arrived at their side. "Bet it was Malfoy."Uncle Moony gave him a calculating, stern look. "I'm not sure we've truly made one another's acquaintances yet. I assume you're Ron?""Weasley, sir.""I imagined so. Now, we can't know for definite, but I'll bring this to McGonagall's notice. If it was Malfoy, she'll want to know. As for Harry himself, we ought to get him to Madam Pomfrey.""No need!" Lockhart declared in a pompous voice, as Calla hid a grimace. For a blissful moment, she'd forgotten about his presence. "It appears the boy has been placed in a coma, due to shock, however-"At that moment, Harry stirred, bleary eyed and stared at Lockhart. His face fell into disgust. "Not you again," he groaned."Harry!" Calla cried, lunging to wrap him in a hug. "Are you okay?""Yeah, I just..." He groaned. "My arm feels like it's on fire."Calla immediately moved away, feared to put more pressure on it which could hurt him, and Lockhart took that opportunity to strike. "As I was saying," he began, "the boy clearly has a broken bone." calla rolled her eyes. "But never fear, Harry, for will fix your arm.""No!" Harry and Calla shouted at the same time."I'd rather keep it like this, thanks," Harry muttered. "Why can't I just go to the Hospital Wing?""He really should be seen to by Madam Pomfrey," Uncle Moony agreed, glaring at Lockhart."Stand back," Lockhart said, ushering everyone else away and ignoring their protests. He rolled up his sleeves as Calla found herself shoved to one side quite ungracefully, where she glared from a distance, wishing dearly that she was close enough to hit him. Before any rational person could stop him, he had directed his wand at Harry's arm and whispered an incantation.Calla gasped as she saw what happened, the forearm slowly beginning to go limp and flop about from the elbow joint. His wrist, when he moved, flopped over and bent back on itself, making a sickening sound as the back of the hand hit the empty skin of his arm. She wasn't sure how she managed not to throw up, but she certainly gagged, the sight quite disgusting to behold."You idiot," Uncle Moony was hissing at Lockhart. "I said he ought to see Madam Pomfrey to get his bones fixed.""Well, the bones aren't broken anymore," Lockhart offered weakly, and Calla turned back just in time to see Uncle Moony, normally so level headed, begin to turn a rather furious shade of red."There aren't any bones left!" he cried, clenching his fists. "Now, you will stay away from Harry, and from Calla, and you will not attempt to 'mend' their bones again, until you learn how to use that wand at least like a semi-decent wizard and not a complete imbecile. Am I making myself clear?"Calla and Harry exchanged astonished glances at Uncle Moony's outburst, as he stood still glaring at Lockhart, who moved meekly to the side. "Come on now, Harry," Uncle Moony said, ignoring the stares he was getting. "Let's take you up to a professional."xxxxCalla and Uncle Moony glared at Dumbledore and Lockhart, faces matching in fury. "How on earth could you let this fool in to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts?" Uncle Moony hissed, gaze focused on his old headmaster, who looked quite unamused. "Clearly, he isn't even capable of mending a broken bone, instead vanishing it completely! It's ridiculous, Dumbledore.""Mr Lupin," Professor Dumbledore said, voice gentle. "Might you sit down for a moment?""No," Uncle Moony said shortly, folding his arms. "See, Dumbledore, this man has proved quite ineffectual at either defending or teaching his students, and now Harry Potter is in the Hospital Wing with half his bones missing.""He really is a rubbish teacher, sir," Calla agreed quietly. Dumbledore looked at her in faint amusement."Professor Flitwick has informed me of your feelings towards Professor Lockhart, Miss Potter," he said placidly. "But I'm afraid it is not his teaching methods which are under scrutiny right now.""No," Uncle Moony agreed, "it is the fact that he vanished a boy's bones and doesn't appear to be seeing any consequences for it.""If I may," Lockhart interrupted in his usual pompous voice. "It is not my fault that the boy's bones are gone. I performed the spell perfectly, it must have been interference from elsewhere. High spirits at a Quidditch match, you see, students' magic can go awry without them even realising it."It sounded like bull to Calla, but she wasn't sure she could phrase her opinion quite like that in front of Dumbledore. Uncle Moony made a sound of disgust as he glared at both professors. "With respect, the spell itself wasn't the correct incantation to mend bones, Lockhart. I would think that, after all your experiences saving towns from monsters, you would know how to mend broken bones.""Of course I do," Lockhart assured him. "I said so in Year with the Yeti, didn't I?""Mr Lupin," Dumbledore spoke before either Calla or her godfather could argue with him. "I'm afraid that there is little I can do. No permanent damage has occurred, and mr Potter is well on his way to recovery in the Hospital Wing. We are all guilty of making mistakes, and I am sure Professor Lockhart will learn from his." He waved his hand. "You are dismissed."Uncle Moony's face reddened. "That isn't quite good enough, Dumbledore," he protested, but Dumbledore stood, eyes stern and without their usual twinkle."It is all I can do or say, Mr Lupin. I suggest you go and visit Mr Potter before you make your way home."Uncle Moony's shoulders slumped in defeat, though he sent a scathing look in Lockhart's direction. He turned away and Calla made to follow him out, but Dumbledore stopped her."Miss Potter, may I speak with you in private?" Dumbledore asked, and Calla's jaws tightened. She looked to her godfather, who reluctantly nodded and gave her a quick hug."I'll write you tonight, Calla," he told her quietly. "And I'll see you again at Christmas, okay?"She nodded, and smiled as Lockhart left. "Get home safe," she said. "And thank you for coming."She squeezed him tightly once again before letting go, as he made his way out the office. It was only her and Dumbledore now, and she looked around the office awkwardly, avoiding his gaze. The office was actually rather interesting, full of curious objects. Rings of gold twisted and span around one another on a pedestal, making tinkling sounds as they shifted, and a chess set sat perched on a windowsill, changing colour every second and seeming to play itself. But most curious of all, in Calla's opinion, was the great, red and gold coloured bird which sat in a gilded cage, tail feathers spread out majestically behind him.Dumbledore caught her looking and smiled. "That's Fawkes," he told her. "My pet phoenix.""He's gorgeous," Calla said, smiling warmly. She made a step forward and stopped herself, looking to Dumbledore. "Can I stroke him?"Dumbledore smiled serenely. "Go ahead."Smiling, she moved towards the phoenix, reaching a couple of fingers inside the bars of the cage. Fawkes tilted his head toward her with an odd, happy rumble, moving into her touch. She grinned, and gently stroked his feathers down. They were softer than she'd imagined they would be, more like finely woven silk than a bird's feathers.She turned to Dumbledore, grinning. "How did you get him? I thought phoenixes were supposed to be really rare.""An old friend gave him to me," was all he said. "Now, Miss Potter, I believe we have an important matter to discuss."Her throat tightened and her stomach twisted, but she nodded gently. "What's that, sir?""I've heard you have been having what you call visions, is that correct?"Oh. She nodded. "Yes, Professor."Dumbledore frowned. "Take a seat, Miss Potter."She did, folding her hands in her lap nervously. She knew at least she wasn't in trouble for her visions - at least, she sincerely hoped not - but there was something about the critical, assessing look in Dumbledore's eyes that made her nervous. "I don't know how it happened, Professor," she began quietly, not daring to meet his eyes. "It was last year that was the first time, when we were in detention in the forest.""Was there anything that might have triggered this to happen?" Dumbledore asked curiously. "Anything you can think of, Miss Potter."She thought back, and shuddered at the memory. "There was this figure in the woods, leaning over a unicorn. It hurt Harry's forehead, he said, and it hurt mine, and I blacked out. I don't think he had anything like what I experienced, though."Dumbledore nodded, and steepled his fingers together. "I see." For a long moment, silence stretched between them, as Calla refused to meet Dumbledore's gaze. "Miss Potter, do you have any idea who this figure may have been?"She had an idea, yes, but she didn't dare to say it out loud. "No, Professor."He looked at her, twinkle gone from his eye. "This condition of yours is very rare, Miss Potter," Dumbledore told her at long last. "It seems you may have a gift for telling the future." She wasn't sure if that was necessarily good or bad. As if sensing that she didn't want to speak, Dumbledore continued on. "It is beyond me to help you, I'm afraid, but I can ease the more negative effects. I understand that you often black out when you have these visions, and have little control over them?"She nodded. "I don't know how to stop them.""I think I know how I might help. To control your visions, you must first control your mind. I don't expect you to be able to do it straight away. Indeed, what I ask of you is highly complex magic which most grown witches and wizards are unable to master." She withheld a groan. If Dumbledore really expected her to be able to master some complicated, rare bit of mind magic, then she was afraid he would be quickly proven wrong. "Tell me, have you heard of the art of Occlumency?""No, sir."He smiled. "I didn't expect so. It as, as I say, a complex piece of magic. Most don't even attempt it, but I believe even having a small understanding of the theory could help you in the long run. As such, I plan to take it upon myself to teach you, alongside Professor Snape."It had to be Snape, didn't it? "Has he agreed?" she asked, confused when he nodded. "Why?"Dumbledore chuckled. "I know this is not the ideal situation, and I know most students are not particularly fond of Professor Snape. But between us both, I believe we might be able to help you control your visions, even just a small bit."She wasn't sure she could argue with Dumbledore. Not because she wanted extra lessons - especially when she was falling behind in regular classes as it is - but because Dumbledore didn't strike her as the sort of person one would want to argue with. And, if anything could be done to give her more control then all the better for it."Okay," she said quietly. "I'll do it, then, if you think it'll help.""Wonderful," Dumbledore beamed. "Aside from this," he continued, "I'd like you to meet Professor Trelawney, the Divination Professor. She is a Seer herself, though she works more with prophecies than visions, but nonetheless I believe she could help you immensely."Uncle Moony had mentioned her in his letter, hadn't he? "Okay," she said, mind still reeling a little bit from the barrage of information that had been thrown at her. Today had been quite a day. "Er, thank you, Professor."He smiled and waved, dismissing her gently. "Of course, Miss Potter. Await my owl regarding your lessons, please."xxxxIn Calla's dreams, she saw the yellow eyes again, glinting in the darkness. Then, the flash of a camera, illuminating the wall as a shadow slinked away. Calla saw a portrait of the dirty mouthed knight that stood round the corner from the Hospital Wing, and felt a sickening lurch in her stomach as Colin Creevey's pale, terrified face came into view, a second before he toppled over backwards.She woke with a start, propelled into the pitch black of the Ravenclaw Common Room. Colin was about to be attacked, she could fell it, and she tugged the Marauders' Map out from the inside of her pillow case, opening it with haste. Her eyes scanned the page as she searched for the name Colin Creevey on the map, finding him edging closer and closer to the Hospital Wing where, she noticed, Harry was with the house elf they'd met in the Summer, Dobby."What's he doing there?" she muttered angrily, stepping out of bed. She slipped her feet into slippers and pulled a dark robe around her before grabbing the map and her wand and sprinting out of the dorm and common room, making a beeline for the Hospital Wing a few floors up.It seemed to take her longer than ever to reach the wing, despite her running, and she kept looking nervously at the map as Colin got closer to the wing. Strangely, there wasn't anyone else's name on the map, and though Calla looked, she couldn't see any passages outlined there. Did that mean the attacker really wasn't human? She dreaded to think what kind of monster could be attacking little Colin right now, and she quickened her pace, running headlong along the corridor and round the corner, just in time to see the flash of a camera, a disappearing shadow, and Colin falling to the floor."Colin!" she bellowed, breaking into a run and speeding to his side, kneeling. "Colin, Colin, wake up, please!" There was no reply. His eyes were glazed over, face stony. Tears stung at her eyes and her heart thumped erratically, he could be dead now, what if he was dead? She should have gotten there sooner, should have done something, fought the beast off, anything!"Okay," she whispered, shivering as tears froze her cheeks. "Okay, I... Dumbledore." Dumbledore would know what to do, wouldn't he? He always did."Dumbledore!" she shouted up the corridor, stumbling up and to her feet. Her head was dizzy, and fuzzy as she tried to fathom what was going on, tried to make sense of it. "Dumbledore!"As if by some miracle, he appeared around the corner at that very moment and Calla broke down into a sob, crumpling to the floor. Dumbledore raced along the corridor, violet robes whirling behind him. "Miss Potter," he said, clutching her shoulders. The usual twinkle in his eye was gone, and for some reason that was what made her stomach twist the most. "What has happened?""I - it's Colin, Professor," she said, stumbling over the words as a sob wrenched its way out of her chest. "Colin Creevey, he's been attacked, I didn't get here in time and - and I think he's dead, Professor, he's dead!"Professor Dumbledore brushed past her, going to Colin's side. He waved his wand and muttered words Calla couldn't make out, before turning to her with a hard set to his eyes. "He's alive," he told her, and relief flooded her, though brought with it a fresh set of tears. "Just petrified.""Like - like Mrs Norris was?" she asked, waiting for her suspicions to be confirmed. Colin had a camera - was he muggleborn?"Yes," Dumbledore said gravely. "Just like Mrs Norris was."Her lip trembled and she wrapped her arms around her chest, shivering. A sudden chill had descended over the corridor, as hs etared helplessly at professor Dumbledore. "Please, sir, is there anything you can do, can you make him okay? He's only a first year, sir, he really looks up to Harry and it's really cute, he was so excited about coming to Hogwarts, can't you-""Hush," Professor Dumbledore said, placing a hand on her shoulder. "I'll stay here with Colin, can you go and find Professor McGonagall for me? I suspect you have ways of finding people?"She nodded, still shaking and raced away, tearing the map from her pocket as soon as Dumbledore was out of sight. McGonagall, of course, was in her quarters next to Gryffindor Tower, quite soundly sleeping.Calla veered off suddenly into a passage, rushing down the staircase to the entrance to Gryffindor Tower and running past the Fat Lady, who glared at her. She thumped on the door as hard as she could, certain she would be waking up the entire castle, but she had to get McGonagall, had to get her help.When McGonagall opened the door, her face was clipped and stern, and she frowned down at Calla. "Miss Potter?" she asked, voice clipped. "What on earth are you doing?""Please, professor, it's Colin Creevey," she said, tripping over her words as her tongue tied itself in knots. "He - Dumbledore told me to come find you - Colin's been petrified!"xxxxNot much later, Harry awoke into the darkness and cried in pain at the sharp stinging pain that shot through his arm. Then, strangely, he felt someone sponging his head in the dark and shuddered, twisting away.As he did so, he caught the outline of the one who had woken him, with a short body and larg bat ears. "Dobby!"Dobby's eyes stared at him through the darkness, and Harry made out a tear running down his nose."Harry Potter came back to school," he said mournfully. "Dobby warned Harry Potter, why did Harry Potter not listen to Dobby? Why did you not return home with your sister when you missed the train?"He hauled himself upright on his pillows and glared at Dobby, pushing his sponge away."Why're you here, Dobby?" he asked. "And how'd you know I missed the train?"His lip trembled and it clicked into place. Of course. "You blocked the barrier!" he cried, waving a sharp, accusatory finger at Dobby. "You stopped me from getting through, didn't you?""Dobby only meant to stop Harry Potter from returning to Hogwarts, sir. Dobby never thought that Harry Potter would find another way of getting to school, Dobby didn't think Miss Potter would be able to go through the barrier."Harry frowned, confused. "Wait, you tried to stop Calla too?"Dobby nodded, batty ears flopping as he did so. "Miss Potter was protected from Dobby's magic, sir, by her Moony.""Uncle Moony?" Harry asked, taken aback. He hadn't imagined that Calla would have been a target on that day, after all, she'd gotten through with apparent ease. But then again, he hadn't quite been thinking with his head that day anyway. "How?"Dobby shook his head. "Dobby does not know exactly, sir. Calla Potter is protected by her Moony.""Right." Harry paused, trying to take in what he'd just been told. "You do realise you could have gotten me and Ron expelled though, right? And my sister was furious with me.""Better expelled than at Hogwarts, sir," Dobby told him, eyes wide."You'd better leave before I get my bones back, Dobby," Harry hissed fiercely. "Or I might strangle you myself."Dobby gave a disconcerting smile. "Dobby is used to death threats, sir. Dobby gets them five times a day at home."He bundled the pillowcase he wore in his hand tightly, looking so pathetic and dejected that Harry began to feel his anger slowly edge away, despite what Dobby has done. "Why do you wear that thing, Dobby?" he asked in a soft voice."It's a mark of the house elf's eslavement, Sir," Dobby said, tugging at the pillowcase. "Dobby can only be freed if his master presents him with clothes, sir. The family will not even give Dobby a sock, sir, because then he would be free to leave. How Dobby would love to leave, sir!"He blew his nose on the end of his pillowcase, wiped his teary, bulging eyes and said suddenly, "Harry Potter must go home! Dobby thought his bludger would be enough-""Wait, Your bludger?" Harry cried, anger rising furiously again. "You mean you tried to kill me!""No, no, sir!" Dobby cried in shock. "Not kill, sir, Dobby would never mean to kill you! Dobby wants to save Harry Potter! Better to be sent home injured with his sister, than to remain in Hogwarts, sir! Dobby only wanted Harry Potter to go home!""Oh, that's it then, is it?" Harry asked angrily. "I don't supposed I'm allowed to know why you wanted me sent home in pieces?"Dobby let out another wretched sob. "If only Harry Potter knew!" he cried. "If only Harry Potter knew what his name means for us lowly house elves, treated like dirt before the great fall of You-Know-Who! Of course," he said, wiping the tear that hung off his pointed nose, "Dobby is still treated like dirt, sir. But now, Harry Potter, terrible things are happening at Hogwarts. Dobby cannot allow Harry Potter to remain here when history is about to repeat itself, when the Chamber of Secrets is once again opened-"Dobby froze in horror at what he'd just let slip. In a sudden movement, he lunged for Harry's water jug and cracked it over his head. He toppled out of sight and a second later crawled back onto the bed, drenched and shivering. "Bad Dobby," he muttered to himself, "very bad Dobby.""So the Chamber of Secrets is real?" Dobby's hand inched towards the water jug again and Harry seized him by the wrist to stop him. "But, Dobby, I'm not a muggleborn, why would I be in danger from the chamber of secrets?""Sir, ask no more, sir, no more," Dobby pleaded with wide eyes. "Dark deeds are planned for Hogwarts, but Harry and Calla Potter must not be here when they happen. No, Harry Potter must go home and be safe. Go home, Harry Potter. You must not meddle in these things, they are too dangerous, sir, far too dangerous...""Dobby, who's behind the attacks?" Harry hissed, tightening his grip on Dobby. Now he was mentioning Calla's name, and Harry could not shake the nausea from his stomach. Was she in danger too, now? "Dobby, tell me, please, now. Who's opened it, who opened it the last time?""Dobby can't say sir, Dobby mustn't!" the house elf cried. "Go home, Harry Potter, go home with your sister!""But I can't go!" Harry cried. "One of my best friends is muggleborn, she'll be in danger too and I can't just leave her!""Harry Potter risks his own life for his friends!" Dobby moaned, eyes welling with tears. "He is so noble, so valiant! But Harry Potter must not stay when he is in danger, he must save himself!"Dobby froze then, bat ears pricking up as Harry heard footsteps coming down the corridor. "Dobby must go," he whispered in terror, and clicked his fingers. With a crack, he disappeared. Harry lunged forward to catch him, but held only air, and slumped down dejectedly.The footsteps drew nearer and he slumped down, eyes fixated on the door. He squinted in the dark as the door creaked open, and three figures stepped inside, another floating like a statue behind.His heart froze as he made out Dumbledore, McGonagall, and then Calla, pale faced and visibly crying as Colin Creevey's lifeless body was levitated behind them.xxxxxThe hospital wing was cold. She could hear Harry breathing somewhere - he was its only current inhabitant - but couldn't see him, just the curtains which surrounded him. "Get Madam Pomfrey," she heard Dumbledore whisper to McGonagall who scurried off and returned a few moments later, with the nurse in tow.She frowned at Calla, whose eyes widened with fresh tears, and then her gaze flicked to Colin Creevey and her face turned at least five shades paler. She gasped. "Albus, what's happened?" she asked, horrorstruck."Another attack," Dumbledore said gravely, waving a hand at Calla, who shivered. "Miss Potter here found him on the stairs.""There was a bunch of grapes next to him, weren't there, Miss Potter?"Calla startled at being addressed and then nodded pathetically. "Yes, Professor.""We believe he was on his way up to see Mr Potter," Dumbledore told Madam Pomfrey, and Calla's stomach gave an ugly lurch. She hoped to god Harry hadn't overheard that."Petrified?" Madam Pomfrey asked, and Dumbledore nodded."Yes," McGonagall said, and shuddered. "But I dread to think, what might have happened had Miss Potter not been there - for whatever reason she may have had - and that Albus had not been on his way downstairs for hot chocolate. Why, anything could have..." She trailed off, and Calla was almost surprised to see the faint glimmer of tears in the professor's eyes.The three adults stared down at Colin and Calla stepped back a little, not wanting to get any closer to the tragic, lifeless body on the hospital bed. As she did so, she stumbled a little, bashing into the curtains around Harry's bed. She heard a faint, muffled yelp from inside, and stared. Brilliant, she'd just woken him up. Slowly, hoping that no ne would notice, she opened the curtains, and looked at her brother, who stared back at her.He mouthed the words, "What's happening?" and she bit her lip, trying to figure out how to say it."Colin," she mouthed, miming the click of a camera, "petrified. I," she pointed to herself, "found him." She jabbed her thumb over her shoulder towards Colin.Harry's eyes widened. "How?"She mimed opening a folded bit of paper, and mouthed, "Map." Then, she tapped her head. "Vision."Harry opened his mouth again, but Calla was snapped away by the sound of Professor McGonagall's voice from Colin's bedside. "Do you think he got a picture of his attacker?" she asked, as Calla pressed a finger to her lips and softly closed the curtains.Dumbledore fumbled about, before lifting up a camera. Calla moved forward, curiously waiting to see if Colin had gotten a shot, only to see a cloud of steam and smoke rise from the camera, and smell the acrid smell of burning plastic."Melted," Madam Pomfrey whispered, "all melted.""But Albus, what does this mean?" McGonagall pressed urgently."It means," Dumbledore said in a grave voice, "that the chamber of secrets is indeed open again.""What?" Calla whispered, the words like ice in her chest. She'd been hoping and hoping that maybe it was all a hoax, a means to scare people, but no. No, this was real, and even Dumbledore believed it."But, Albus," McGonagall began, "who?""The question, Minerva, is not a matter of who, but a matter of how." He clapped his hands together bracingly. "Now, could someone please fetch a blanket and a hot drink for Miss Potter? She is quite shivery there, and no doubt has had quite a shock tonight."Madam Pomfrey nodded, and gave Calla a short smile, leading her away to her office. Instead of being the usual whitewashed clinical nurse's office, hers was filled with different medicines in brightly coloured bottles, folded blankets of red and blue and yellow and green, and a cup of hot chocolate which was already steaming and stirring itself. "You can come in," Madam Pomfrey told Calla kindly, as she was still hovering nervously in the doorway. "You've had quite a shock.""I thought he was dead," Calla whispered numbly, feet moving of their own accord to bring her to sit down. "I thought... When I saw him, he looked like he was dead." She let out a sob and Madam Pomfrey hurried over with a blue blanket, wrapping it around her shoulder and bringing Calla into a gentle hug."It's alright, Miss Potter," she said kindly. "Mr Creevey isn't dead, only petrified. I can fix that in time; he will be okay, I promise you that.""I know," she sobbed, "but he still - he looked... And it was horrible, Madam Pomfrey, I didn't know what to do, if Dumbledore hadn't appeared.""But he did," Madam Pomfrey reminded her. "And everything is alright now, see? We'll get Mr Creevey back on his feet."She nodded, shivering. "Could I have some of that hot chocolate now?"Madam Pomfrey smiled. "Of course, Miss Potter."

When Calla awoke on the Sunday morning, it was in the Ravenclaw dormitory, to see the sun slanting in through her curtains and the four other girls looking over her, even Daphne."Morning," Padma said with a gentle smile, kneeling down beside her bed. She reached out a gentle hand to hold Calla's, squeezing it tightly. "How are you feeling?"She winced. "Tired.""We heard McGonagall telling Flitwick that you found that Gryffindor kid, Colin Creevey petrified last night," said Lisa Turpin, looking concerned. "What happened?"Her words got stuck in her throat as she tried to figure out what she could say, if anyone would believe the truth, or if they would condemn her for it. "I wanted to go and visit my brother," she told them eventually, looking down at her lap. It wasn't strictly a lie - she had wanted to see Harry - but that wasn't what had caused her to find Colin. "And I think he had the same idea, but he... he got attacked." A sob wrenched its way from her lips and Padma shifted to rub her back comfortingly. "I thought he was dead. He - he looked dead.""That's horrible," said Mandy with a shudder. "And poor little Colin, he was only a first year, wasn't he?"Calla nodded numbly. "Wasn't even twelve yet. He followed Harry about all the time too, he adored him." She felt tears prick her eyes and wiped them away furiously with the sleeve of her nightgown. "Madam Pomfrey said they can cure him, but I think it's going to take a while.""The effects can be reversed with mandrake leaves," Daphne told the group, startling Calla. She turned to stare at her."How do you know?"She shrugged and tossed her hair behind her shoulder. "I've been doing my research on it. It was only a matter of time before there was another attack, and well, now we know for certain that the chamber of secrets is open again."Lisa Turpin's face turned pale. "It's all true, then," she whispered, more scared than Calla had ever seen her. "We have to let Isobel and Terry know, they're in even more danger now. We shouldn't let them go places alone, they could be vulnerable."Calla and Padma nodded their agreement. "Let all the Ravenclaws know," Padma suggested. "Terry and Isobel aren't the only muggleborns in our house, after all.""That isn't all," Calla added, getting their attention back on them. She swallowed nervously. "Dumbledore knows who it is.""What?" Mandy hissed. "Will they be expelled?""I assume they'll be taken to Azkaban," Lisa told them, and Calla tried to recall what that meant. It was the wizarding prison, she remembered, guarded by something, though she wasn't sure what. Padma had said loads of old Death Eaters were kept there."Well, then we're safe, aren't we? Dumbledore will see to it that they're brought to justice.""I don't know," Daphne said, quietly. "I - I know who opened the chamber last time, I've been asking around recently. I thought it could be one of the Flints, but it isn't. Last time, it was Hagrid."Calla's stomach plummeted as she stared at Daphne. "Excuse me?""It can't have been Hagrid," Padma argued, scoffing. "Have you even met him? He's the nicest person ever, and he adores Hermione, and she's a muggleborn.""And he told me and Harry he was a Gryffindor, not a Slytherin," Calla protested, though a seed of doubt remained. She tried to push it away, but it still terrified her. Had she been wrong about Hagrid all this time? But it didn't make sense, her instincts screamed at her. Why would Hagrid want to get rid of muggleborns. "It can't be Hagrid.""Well, it was last time," Daphne said with a shrug. "Believe me or don't believe me, it's your choice, but Dumbledore will know. I hate to admit it, but Hagrid's already been found guilty once, and he doesn't have any children, so it has to be him who's opened the chamber. I'm telling you now, by the end of the week, he'll be in Azkaban." She shuddered. "I just wish it weren't true.""Well, it's not," Padma argued fiercely, surprising Calla as she glared at Daphne. "And why should we listen to you anyway, you've been avoiding us for weeks, ever since the first attack." She narrowed her eyes. "I think you're hiding something, Greengrass." She spat her name out with such disgust that Calla nearly recoiled from her, and exchanged a confused glance with Mandy, who looked like she would rather be anywhere but the Ravenclaw dorm right now, in the middle of this battle."Are you trying to accuse me of something, Patil?" Daphne asked, voice dangerously low and bordering on furious. Her glare was fierce and her blue eyes crackled with a warning to back down.Padma did not back down, instead stood up, staring Daphne in the eyes. "I think it's rather suspicious that the day after Mrs Norris was attacked, you immediately stopped talking to us. You're from an old pureblood family, aren't you? One of the oldest, in fact.""That doesn't mean anything," said Daphne in a tight voice. "I haven't done anything, you idiot, I've been trying to get information out of the Slytherins. That's how I found out that Hagrid is behind it."Padma scoffed. "Yeah, right. Since when has Hagrid ever tried to hurt someone?""You tell me, he's the one with the weird fascination for evil creatures. Or did you forget about the three headed dog?""Fluffy wasn't hurting anyone!" Padma cried. "He was protecting the stone! Hagrid wouldn't hurt anybody, I know he wouldn't! And besides, how do we know you're not just using this as a coverup?""Because I'm not!" Daphne shouted back. "Ask Dumbledore if you don't believe me, Patil. Like it or not, I'm telling the truth.""Get out," Padma muttered, glaring at Daphne."Padma-" Calla began, sensing the tension that would only grow from here. "Maybe we should listen.""No," she said fiercely. "She's a liar, and she's hurt us before. I won't have her wrongly accuse Hagrid.""Fine," Daphne said, voice cold and unfeeling. "If that's what you think of me, then maybe I'm better off with the Slytherins anyway."With that, she turned on her heel and stalked out of the dormitory, slamming the door behind her.There was a long, heavy silence before anyone spoke. "Well," Lisa began, voice shaky. "That was fun, wasn't it?"Calla's head was still spinning from Daphne's reveal. She didn't believe that Hagrid was the heir of Slytherin, or that he would have anything against muggleborns. And even if he wasn't a fan of Filch - no one was, not really - he was a great lover of animals, cats included. He wouldn't have hurt Mrs Norris, it wasn't like him. But then again, he was expelled from Hogwarts when he was younger. Was it possible it was for opening the chamber of secrets?"I'm going to get ready for breakfast," she said quietly. "What time is it?""Half past eleven," Padma supplied, eyeing her nervously. "We'll wait and go down with you, won't we?"She gave Lisa a pointed look, and she nodded. "Yeah, of course."xxxxWhen Calla left the Ravenclaw Common Room, with the girls plus Anthony in tow, she nearly tripped over her own feet as she bumped right into her brother's back. "Harry?" she blurted out, surprised. "You're okay!"He turned to her and grinned, waving his arm about for her to see. "Madam Pomfrey got me all fixed up.""Oh, thank goodness." She smield, letting out a relieved sigh. "We're just going to breakfast, can you come?""Actually," Harry said, smile faltering. "I've just been with Ron and Hermione. There are some things we need to talk to you and Padma about. And you need to go and speak to Dumbledore, apparently, I think it's about last night."Her blood ran cold. "They don't think I did it, do they?" she asked, voice shaking. Oh, she really hadn't thought it through, what if they thought it was suspicious that she was there, what if they thought that she was the attacker? But then she reminded herself, grasping at the straws of rationality, that Dumbledore knew who it was, and knew the chamber had been opened before. He knew it wasn't her, didn't he? Merlin, she hoped so."No, no," Harry assured her hastily. "I think he just wants to talk to you. He'll probably give you house points or something.""Oh." Her stomach twisted. House points, for seeing an eleven year petrified and thinking he was dead? Somehow, she liked to think there were better things she could be recognised for. "Okay.""Hey," Padma said gently, putting an arm on her shoulder. "Let's get breakfast first, yeah? Then we can talk."Calla smiled at her appreciatively. "Thank you."xxxxIn the time that Calla went do, had, and returned from breakfast, no fewer than six conversations had ended when she walked past, and no fewer than ten muggleborns had scurried out of her way in the corridor. Each time, it made her feel more and more sick, and more and more eager to figure out who had really opened the chamber. She hated the idea that anyone would suspect her, the idea that anyone would think her hateful enough to be capable of hurting an eleven year old boy.Padma and Harry both accompanied her to Dumbledore's office, as she paced nervously in front of the gargoyle statue. "Do either of you two know how to get in?" she asked them, pursing her lips. They shook their heads, and Harry shrugged. "Brilliant."Calla turned to the gargoyle which overlooked the hallway, and swallowed nervously. "Um, hello?" she asked, shifting from foot to foot. "I, er, I've been asked to meet Professor Dumbledore." She glanced back at Harry, who gave her an encouraging thumbs up. "Could you let me in please?" The gargoyle statue did not respond. "I'm Calla Potter, by the way, if that helps." It did not.She turned and looked nervously at her brother, but all he did was shrug. She couldn't actually remember how Uncle Moony has gotten to the office yesterday, she'd been more preoccupied with worrying over her brother. Maybe there was a password? She glanced at the gargoyle, who stared back unblinkingly."Uh... Hogwarts?" Nothing happened. "Phoenix?" Again, nothing. "Fawkes? Gryffindor? Teaching? Wizard? Dumbledore?""Ah, Miss Potter," his voice came pleasantly from around the corner as he appeared, smiling. "Do forgive me for making you wait." He nodded politely to Padma and Harry. "Might we proceed to my office? I have only a few questions for you about last night."Calla looked back at her brother and friend. "Go," Harry assured her. "We'll be in the library."She smiled. "Thanks."The two waved and disappeared round the corner, leaving just her and Dumbledore again. This was becoming a rather common occurrence, actually. "Sherbet lemon," he said, as the gargoyle began to grind against the stone and turn, revealing a winding stone staircase."Woah." She didn't remember this happening yesterday, which was actually rather concerning. Whoops.She followed Dumbledore up the steps, as the gargoyle guarded entrance closed behind them. The staircase seemed to him on forever, stretching upwards before her until at long last, they came to stop and Dumbledore led her into his office.This time, she didn't look around, instead taking a seat as instructed by Dumbledore. "Miss Potter," he began, sitting down. "Can you tell me what led to you finding Colin Creevey near the hospital wing last night?"Well, there was no use lying to Dumbledore was there? He knew about her visions anyway, even if he didn't know about the Marauder's Map. "I had a dream," she told him. "It was one of my visions actually, I think - it felt different than a normal dream. And when I woke up, I - I could tell it was going to happen soon, I could feel it." She looked down, cheeks aflame. "I know that probably sounds weird.""Not at all, Miss Potter," Dumbledore assured her. "Do continue.""Well, I knew Colin was near the Hospital Wing, I recognised the corridor. So I ran out, I wanted to get there as soon as I could, but-" she stopped herself, choking on her words. "I was too late."He looked at her, sizing her up. "And is that all you saw, Miss Potter?"She debated for a moment, before deciding to but the bullet and shake her head. "No, Professor. I also... In the vision I saw a pair of yellow eyes. It matched with one I'd had earlier, when Mrs Norris was attacked. There was a pair of yellow eyes, and the cat was chasing spiders, but then the cat stopped and the spiders kept going." She shrugged. "That one still doesn't totally make sense, but my visions can be different sometimes. I saw Harry with the bludger too, and I tried to stop that but I couldn't. I don't know if it's possible to change my visions."Dumbledore smiled with the familiar twinkle in his eyes. "Well, we can always try." He paused, and Calla looked up. "If that's all you have to tell me, then you're free to go."She bit her lip. It wasn't her business to say, but it seemed her visions were linked to the Chamber of Secrets more and more, and it could be important to note Harry's voices. But it was his secret to share, not hers. "Thank you, Professor," she said, standing up. "Um, I'll see you for my Occlumency lessons?"He smiled as she left.xxxxIt was a week later, when two exciting things happened.For one, the Gryffindors finally deigned to properly involve Calla and Padma in the making of their Polyjuice Potion, which they planned to use to get information out of Draco Malfoy. Though Calla still wasn't quite convinced of his guilt, she couldn't argue that they needed to know, and any information they could get would be useful. The process of brewing the potion was rather therapeutic, she found, as she helped stir and stir, sitting cross legged on the floor of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. They had about another three weeks to brew, and then the potion would, with any luck, be ready for consumption without killing anyone. Hopefully.The other was an announcement made on the notice board in the Entrance Hall. Calla and Padma had been heading to dinner after their Herbology class when they saw the close knot of people clustered around the notice board, chattering excitedly."Wonder what that's all about?" Padma wondered, wandering over with Calla in tow. Ron, Hermione, and Harry were already there, as was Daphne Greengrass and a gaggle of Slytherins."Duelling club?" Calla said, reading the notice aloud. "Since when did Hogwarts have a duelling club?""Since now!" cried Daphne excitedly, turning to them. "The first meeting's tonight!"Calla and Padma exchanged awkward glances, before staring at Daphne. "Okay."Daphne's face fell and she glared, tossing her hair. "All I did was answer a question," she said, in an irritated voice as she turned away to the group of Slytherins, who giggled at something she said."Who's teaching it?" Calla asked her brother, who moved to stand next to her.He wrinkled his nose in distaste. "Doesn't say. Flitwick, maybe, I've heard he's a pro.""Reckon Slytherin's monster can duel?" Ron asked, though he still looked rather interested at the board. "Suppose it could be useful though. Do you think we ought to go?""I don't see why not," Padma said, nodding in agreement.Calla and Harry exchanged excited glances. "We should do it," Harry said. "Mione?""Sure," she said, smiling, though there was still something uneasy about it, as the group moved off and headed to dinner.They returned to the Great Hall later that night, at eight o'clock. It seemed a good proportion of the student body had turned out. Almost all of Gryffindor and Ravenclaw, with most of the Slytherins and Hufflepuffs joining too. Calla even noted the Weasley twins, laughing about something with their friend Lee the Quidditch commentator. The long dining tables that were usually seen in the Great Hall had vanished, and on the side of the wall where Slytherin usually sat, a golden stage had appeared, illuminated by floating candles overhead."D'you reckon Flitwick's teaching?" Michael Corner asked Calla, as the Ravenclaws stood in a huddle by the doors. "He's a duelling champion apparently.""Dunno," Calla said, shrugging. "I hope so.""I've heard it's Snape," Lisa told the group, craning her neck to try and catch sight of the sour-faced potions master. "He's been into the dark arts for years, you know, I wouldn't be surprised if he knew more dark curses than about anyone else outside of Azkaban."Behind Calla, Daphne Greengrass shuddered. "Don't say that," she said, voice more gentle than it had been recently."Go hang with the snakes, Greengrass," Mandy hissed from beside Calla, who exchanged nervous glances with Padma."Maybe I will," she muttered, though she made no effort to move.Instead, Calla and Padma caught sight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione entering the Great Hall and moved to join them, Padma lightly grumbling about Daphne's general presence. "Evening," Ron greeted them with a grin. "We're not late, are we?"Calla shook her head. "Haven't started yet.""Good," Hermione said, grinning. She moved forward, leading them further into the crowd of people. "I wonder who'll be teaching us?""Lisa says she's heard it's Snape," Calla told the group. "Michael says Flitwick."Harry looked at her quizzically. "Lisa who?""Lisa Turpin," she said, staring at him. She was almost certain the name had come up in conversation before. And anyway, how would Harry not recognise the name? It wasn't like there were many people in their year, after all. "She's in my dorm.""Oh." He shrugged. "Well, in any case, I don't care who it is, even if it is Snape. Just as long as it isn't-"Hermione gasped. "Lockhart!"The others all groaned, and Hermione looked rather affronted. "Guys, he is our Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor.""Doesn't mean we have to like him," Calla muttered darkly, turning to see Lockhart stride down what appeared to be a catwalk in the middle of the Great Hall. A few students cheered and whistled, and he beamed, clearly soaking up the attention. Calla scowled. This was bound to be a disaster, she just knew it.

As Calla had so well anticipated, Duelling Club was a disaster of truly epic proportions. First, Snape and Lockhart had 'duelled' which ended in Snap's inevitable victory and Lockhart looking like even more of an absolute plumhead than he already did. Then, they'd all been split up to duel. In part, Calla was glad she didn't have to duel Harry after being his first choice - he would have gone easy because she wasn't good with combat magic, but it would have been embarrassing if he hadn't and she'd lost in the way she imagined - but having to duel Justin Finch-Fletchley wasn't ideal either. He was a bit of a prick, and wouldn't shut up about how we was meant to go to Eton, but it seemed neither of them were particularly great at duelling. At least she hadn't lost spectacularly.But Harry, on the other hand, had been made to pair up with Draco Malfoy for his duel. Malfoy, ever the fair competitor, summoned a snake to attack Harry. For a second Calla had been terrified as it approached her brother, until he started hissing. She couldn't make out what he was trying to say, even though he told her later that he was speaking to it, but the snake turned, going after Justin. He'd screamed, and backed away from Calla, staring at her like she had anything to do with her brother's apparent snake whispering abilities.Needless to say, it had kicked off, and now Calla stood with Padma, Ron, Hermione and Daphne (for whatever reason, they couldn't be bothered telling her to leave), staring at Harry. "Look, I don't know what happened," he insisted. "I wasn't trying to do anything, or hurt anyone.""It looked like you were," Padma said in a small voice. Calla states at her and she shrugged apologetically. "It did. I know you weren't but you can't blame anyone for being scared, especially poor Justin.""I've done it before," Harry mumbled, and Calla nodded, a memory coming back to her."He's right," she said. "We were at the zoo - I remember because I thought you were faking trying to talk to the snake - and then it came out the enclosure and started..." She trailer off, not sure if she should tell them exactly what had happened. Outright saying he'd set a snake on their cousin might not do much to quell people's fears. "Well, it started trying to escape.""It was a boa constrictor," Harry explained meekly. "It wanted to go back home to Brazil."Daphne scoffed. "Okay, well, regardless, you need to know what this means. You're a Parseltongue.""A What?""Parseltongue," Ron said. "You can talk to snakes.""I've been doing my research," Daphne explained. "I figured the Slytherin would know more than anyone about the Chamber of Secrets, and could confirm what I know." She narrowed her eyes and cold washed over Calla. "The Heir is Slytherin's heir. He was a Parseltongue, and, well, it isn't exactly a common ability. It's passed down. Harry, you're the heir of Slytherin."The others all paled at that, and Calla scrunched Up her nose in confusion. What Daphne said make sense but there was no way Harry was the heir of Slytherin. "I can't speak Parseltongue," she said quietly. Harry looked at her nervously. "Well, I can't. Like I said I thought you were kidding on at talking to that boa constrictor at the zoo, and I had no clue what was going on tonight. This is some weird, flukey, thing, not a hereditary ability." She glared at Daphne. "And there's no way Harry hurt Mrs Filch because as we all know, he was with us in the dungeons on Halloween.""I didn't say he did it," Daphne countered. "I just said he must be the heir. Maybe the gene didn't pass on the same to you Calla.""Well, all our family's been in Gryffindor.""You're not.""I'm also not in Slytherin."Daphne pursed her lips. "Well, the heir isn't anybody in Slytherin. I've spoken to every one of my connections and Astoria's spoken to hers, and nobody is claiming it, and no one has a clue who it is.""It's Malfoy," Ron said adamantly. "We just need to prove it.""You're not going to be able to prove it," Daphne said, rolling her eyes. "It isn't him. He hasn't told Pansy and he hasn't told me, and he hasn't told anybody else. We all know that if he was the Heir, everyone in Slytherin would know about it.""Except you aren't in Slytherin, are you?" Hermione asked. "They might not trust you.""Please." Daphne gave a haughty flip of her hair. "Hermione, I've known Draco since we were babies, and Pansy just as long. He trusts me.""I still think it could be him," Harry admitted."Harry!" Calla protested. She'd told him before she didn't think it was Draco, and even if he had pulled that stunt with the snake he hadn't had the control over it a Parseltongue or Heir of Slytherin would. "You don't really believe that?""Calla, It is a possibility.""Oh Merlin," she groaned. "I know you guys think it and I know we're trying to get proof, but I still don't believe-""What proof?" Daphne asked. "I've already told you it's not Draco." She narrowed her eyes. "What are you up to?""None of your business," Padma said sharply. "Why would we believe what you say anyway, you tried to make out like Hagrid was the one opening the hammer, now you move onto Harry and Calla, but you still don't think it's Draco?""Wait hold on a minute." Hermione whirled on Daphne. "Hagrid?""He opened it last time." Everyone's jaws dropped. "Well, he did. That's why he got expelled.""Hagrid." Ron's voice was soft, but Calla recognised that fear. "No way.""He did tell me he got expelled." Harry shook his head. "But come on, its Hagrid we're talking about. He wouldn't hurt anybody. Would he?""He does have a rather concerning obsession with dangerous magical creatures," Hermione mused, pursing her lips. "But he's never been hateful to any muggleborn and he's never been prejudiced." She shook out her hair and stared Daphne down. "It can't be him. Can it?"Daphne scoffed. "It was. If you don't want to believe me, fine, but I'd think you'd listen to your friend, considering I've been trying to find out everything I can to prove it wasn't either Calla or Harry like everyone else seems to think." She turned and gave Calla one last look over her shoulder before marching out."What is her problem?" Padma asked.Calla's stomach turned. Daphne, for all her faults, had been her friend. Last year she'd been scared of her parents' retaliation and this year it seemed her heart was in the right place - she just couldn't do as she wanted in the right way. She still didn't know what to say to her, though."Let's just go," she said, gesturing to Harry. "We need to figure this Parseltongue stuff out, and why I don't have it." She frowned, a sudden thought coming to her. "I know Mum was a muggleborn, but Dad was from an old pureblood family; a Gryffindor one. If any of them had a tie to Slytherin, it was hidden, but there's one person we know who'd know if Parseltongue runs in the family."It dawned on Harry suddenly and his mouth dropped. "Oh. Uncle Moony."Dear Uncle Moony,So we had Duelling Club tonight, for the first time. It was a bit dramatic, but I (Calla) almost won my duel which was quite good. Snape and Lockhart were teaching it together (it was both hilarious because they were so unevenly matched and terrifying because pretty much anything could have happened). But there was an incident with Harry and Draco's duel.This was where Harry took over, takin the quill from Calla. "Rude," she muttered, and he poked out his tongue.It wasn't actually my fault, by the way (this is Harry). Malfoy summoned a snake and it was trying to attack Justin, who had been duelling Calla and was right next to her. So obviously I (Harry) tried to get it to go away but the snake seemed to listen to me. Apparently I was speaking Parseltongue, which I didn't know, but it made sense. You remember when we went to the zoo with the Dursley's for Dudley's birthday because Mrs Figg couldn't take us and you were working? Do you also remember that I got in trouble for making the snake attack Dudley?At this point, Calla interjected with a, "Of course he remembers, Harry, it's not something that's easy to forget."Ron and Daphne were telling us about Parselmouths and their relation to Slytherin, and how they're heridatry. But Calla can't speak it, so we were wondering if our dad spoke it at all or if there was any connection to Slytherin? We're just curious.Hope you're well and write back soon.Love you.Calla and HarryThey sealed the envelope and handed it to Hedwig, who ruffled her feathers and took off out the window. Calla leaned back against the wall of the owlery. "You're worried, aren't you?""What? That was might actually have some relation to Slytherin?" Harry bit his lip and nodded. "It is weird. I don't want to be related to him - he's Slytherin, he's the worst of the lot! But I don't want it to be Hagrid either.""It's not," Calla said. "It can't be; I don't believe it.""You don't believe Daphne?"She shrugged. Her feelings about Daphne, at the moment, were rather... Confusing. Padma was furious with her, and she hadn't exactly tried to make any amends for suddenly ignoring them, just covering it up with 'research'. "I think she believe it," Calla said slowly, careful with her words. "But that doesn't mean she's completely right." She pursed her lips. "There's a lot to find out, and we don't have any evidence either way." She looked at Harry's mouth, about to open. "And no, Malfoy summoning a snake does not count as evidence."Harry shut his mouth abruptly. He sighed. "Fine," was his muttered reply. "But he's still suspect.""Everyone's a suspect right now, Harry," Calla told her brother with a shudder. "Even us, to everyone else at least.""Me more than you I think," Harry said gloomily. "Neville won't hardly look at me.""Neville will come 'round," Calla promised. "And I'll speak to Justin." Harry frowned at her. "I'm good friends with Zach and Hannah, and all the Hufflepuff like me. They don't know you as well, but they'll trust that it's not your if I tell them.""I find that hard to believe.""I'll find a way," Calla said, then grabbed his wrist as the clock chimed six o'clock. "Come on, I want dinner."

Uncle Moony replied the next day, his handwriting sharp and somewhat jagged.Dear Calla and Harry,It sounds like you both had quite the time at the Dueling Club - tell me, how much did Snape hate having to duel that oaf Lockhart? I hope they both got a helping of humiliation. As for your questions about Slytherin, your father and his parents never mentioned any family ties to the founder. Some in their time did theorise that the Potter family bore a relation to Gryffindor, actually, but no one has found any concrete evidence of that. You were both born in Godric's Hollow, after all, the place Gryffindor and even Dumbledore grew up. Any relation to Slytherin is slim, though I am confused by Harry's Parseltongue. James certainly never spoke it, nor did either Euphemia or Fleamont, your grandparents. Further back than that I don't know for certain but it was certainly never mentioned.Now, I don't know why you two are suddenly asking questions about Slytherin and your relation but from what I've heard recently, it would not be a good idea to get too involved. I have been informed of the recent petrifications and though I have no idea who is behind them, it is best for both of you to stay out of it, even if that may not seem the best option to you right now. Keep your heads down this year and work hard at your exams, please. Calla, I've spoken to Dumbledore about you not wanting to go to Defense Against the Dark Arts anymore and I understand and admire your reasoning but it is best that you maintain your education and this won't help, even if your teacher hasn't the faintest idea what he's doing. Again, keep your head down and try to salvage what you can from his lectures, but don't feel pressured to do something you feel uncomfortable with.Calla groaned, resting her head on Harry's shoulder. He laughed, earning a sharp look from Madam Pince. "You should have known he wouldn't let you skive lessons," Harry said, earning himself an acidic glare. It only made him grin."I don't care what he says, I'm not going back. Lockhart's an idiot."A passing Slytherin girl glared, then caught their eyes and scurried onwards. Calla huffed. Even the Slytherins themselves were being wary of them now, which was a cause for concern. If Slytherins thought they might be the ones behind the attack, it meant that even they had no idea who really was.Everyone had been keeping their distance lately. Ernie and Justin wouldn't talk to Calla at all, despite her efforts, though Zach and Hannah still did, and Susan was too polite to avoid conversation. The Ravenclaws in their year were okay mostly, except for Lisa, but Calla put that down to her general dislike.Fred and George had been great though. They insisted on walking both Harry and Calla everywhere - though mostly Harry - and declaring loudly that everyone made way for the Heirs of Slytherin. It had turned it into a joke for themselves, and somehow made it a bit of a joke for other people who realised, with the one braincell Hogwarts seemed to possess, that maybe the two twelve-year olds weren't the ones trying to kill people.Harry continued on reading the letter, breaking Calla from her thoughts. "I hope you benefit from your lessons with Dumbledore, Snape and Trelawney." He looked at her. "I didn't know you were getting extra lessons."Her cheeks flamed. "It's for my visions," she mumbled. "Trelawney's the Divination teacher so she'll help me figure out what they mean and to control them and how I can use it... Dumbledore and Snape are teaching me occlumency." She wrinkled her nose. The lessons were due to start next week and she had to admit she was far from looking forward to them. Snape didn't seem to openly dislike her in Potions, probably because she was half-decent at it and kept her head down as Moony asked, but she knew that anything involving actual spellwork would be a disaster once both Dumbledore and Snape realised how truly terrible she was at magic."That's good though, isn't it?" Harry asked. "Well, apart from Snape being involved, but it could help a lot.""Yeah," she muttered. "It's just..." Calla struggles with the words, not sure how much she could force herself to say to her brother. She didn't like to think about her magic in comparison to Harry's. It didn't bother her that he was the more famous one of them and the Boy-Who-Lived, but the fact that she had failed so much last year and had never managed to live up to their parents or their legacy or what anybody expected of her. "I don't want them to know how bad I am.""What do you mean?" Harry stared at her. "Your visions?""My magic," she said slowly. "I- Well, I'm not very good am I?""You're not bad," Harry said, drawing out the last word. She gave him a dry look. "Well, you're not Crabbe and Goyle.""Might as well be," Calla muttered. "They're probably better than me anyway.""Don't say that," Harry said. "You're fine, Cal.""I'm not.""Well, then, you will be."She sighed, laying her head down on the desk. "Thanks," she mumbled, though the words weren't settling in. In honesty, she wasn't sure if she really wanted them to. "Look," she said, as a group of yellow and black cloaks caught her eye. "The Hufflepuff are all over there. You said you're worried about everyone thinking this was you, right?""Are you trying to change the subject?""I'm trying to help you," Calla told him. "You obviously freaked Justin out, and me, and most people. But I think if you explained to Justin then it might help things a little, and smooth them over.""You think?" he whispered in response, eyes wide."It can't hurt at least." Calla smiled. "I'll come with you, if you want me to."With a nod, Harry smiled and stood up. Calla followed behind him, over to the table where the Hufflepuff sat, but before they could tell if Justin was among them Harry stopped and tugged her behind a shelf. She stared at him, but his cheeks flared red as he gestured to the group. "Listen," he mouthed.Calla rolled her eyes but leaned forward, trying to hear. Maybe it would be easier to simply engage in conversation but Harry was a Gryffindor, and apparently that now meant that he simply enjoyed making his life difficult.It was Ernie who was speaking. "... I told Justin to hide up in the dormitory for a while. I mean, if Potter has marked him out as his next victim after all of that, I suppose it would be best if he kept his head down and a low profile for a while. Of course," he went on as Calla gave Harry a nervous look, "Justin has been waiting for something of this sort to happen, after he let slip to Potter One that he was a muggleborn." Potter One? Calla rolled her eyes. "He told them that his name was down for Eton, that's hardly something you spread around when there are killer Slytherin Heirs running around the school, is it?""You really think it is the Potters, then, Ernie?" Hannah Abbott asked, voice low and anxious."Well," Ernie said, "maybe not Potter Two." Oh great, Calla thought. She was runner up in the murder Olympics. "She wasn't the one speaking Parseltongue, after all, and seemed just as shocked as anyone when her brother started hissing.""It might be an act," another girl put in with a shudder - Calla didn't know her well but was fairly certain her name was Michelle."Either way," Ernie said, "everyone knows that being a Parselmouth is the mark of a dark wizard. Have you ever heard of a hero who could talk to snakes?" Calla rolled her eyes. Like that proved anything. Still, her stomach rolled uncomfortably cold. "They say," Ernie went on, dropping his voice mysteriously, "that Slytherin himself was known as Serpent-Tongue. And if this heir is the Heir of Slytherin Well, maybe it runs in the family. You say what the writing said, too: enemies of the heir beware. Potter One-" there it was again "-had some run in with Filch, got given a detention, and the next thing you know Filch's Cat turns up petrified. That little Gryffindor, Colin Creevey, was annoying him all term, taking pictures of him, next thing you know, he's hit too. And," he said, drawing the others in closer, "according to Zach, it was the sister who found Colin that night." He raised his eye brows. "Sounds suspicious to me."Calla's blood went cold. When it was all laid out like that, she could see why Ernie and the others were suspicious, but it unsettled her somewhat that Zach had told people she'd been the one to find Colin."But Calla's lovely though," Hannah said uncertainly. "And her brother always seemed so nice. He is the one who made-" her voice dropped "-You-Know-Who disappear, after all. He can't be all bad, can he?""That means he's powerful, though, doesn't it? Maybe You-Know-Who just didn't want him in the way, competing with another Dark Wizard. I want to know what other powers they're hiding. I know Calla can't do much magic but maybe-"Before Calla could talk him out of his stupidity, Harry had leaped out from behind the shelf. "Hello," he said brightly, as the Hufflepuffs' faces turned to ash, "I'm looking for Justin Finch-Fletchley. Anybody seen him?"Though her blood was cold from what Ernie had said, Calla scrambled to her feet too, poking out to stand beside her brother. "Hi," She squeaked our, cringing. Ernie paled further and Hannah snuck him a furtive glance. "Sorry, um, sorry to startle you. Harry wanted to apologise for spooking Justin last night." She looked at her brother. "Don't you, Harry?""Um, yes," Harry said. "I, er-""He didn't really realise what he was doing," Calla said, voice shaking. "No one told us about Parseltongue and, well, I don't really know how it works-""I thought everyone could do it," Harry said. His cheeks went pink. "I didn't realise that no-one knew what I was saying, not even Calla, so um I'm sorry?""He's sorry," Calla said. She put on a bright smile. "So, Yeah.""We all know what happened," Ernie said, rather boldly for someone greyer than a ghost."Then you'd know that I told the snake to leave Justin alone, not to attack anybody.""All any of us saw," Ernie said, "was you talking to the snake and egging it on to try and hurt our friend.""He wasn't hurting anyone," Calla said quietly. Hannah frowned in her direction and she umbled over her words. "Harry was just trying to help and he's said sorry, so Now you know."She made to walk away but Harry clearly wasn't done. "I wasn't egging it on!" he shouted, voice shaking from anger. "I was trying to get the snake away from Justin! It didn't even touch him!""It was close enough," Ernie said. "It was at a fatal spot to bite him. And in case either of you are getting ideas," he added hastily, "my family can actually be traced back through generations of wizard blood, pure as anybody else's, so-""Let's go, Harry," Calla huffed, tugging him away. "They're not worth it if they're not going to listen."Harry tried to shout back over his shoulder but Calla dragged him back out the library. Her own heart was pounding as her blood boiling, but she couldn't stand there and watch Harry make things even worse and fight with Ernie. "You should have let me argue.""And convince them that they're your next targets? No, thank you." She dropped Harry's arm. "I can't believe Zach told them I was there! I specifically told him not to!""I didn't know you told Zach.""I was shaken up," Calla mumbled, chest heavy. "He asked if I was okay so I told him what I'd seen, but clearly he still-" She scowled, trying to force the words out from her body. "He still thinks I might somehow be an - an accomplice, or something.""They're all talking nonsense," Harry told her scowling. He paused for a moment, like words were stuck on his tongue.Calla looked at him. "What are you thinking?""I just You don't think we could have?"Calla wasn't sure she'd actually heard that question come out of her brother's mouth. "Are you out of your mind?""Well, possession and things It might happen.""Trust me, it didn't," she said with a scowl. But still, her stomach twisted. After all, her visions had been tied to the attacks recently. "I think."Harry held her gaze, but she could see the nerves in his face. "You've seen them, haven't you? In your" He lowered his voice to a whisper. "Visions.""I have." She looked down. "I don't know, maybe it's linked.""It won't be. Besides you don't speak Parseltongue, so it isn't either of us, right? We're not the Heirs.""There's only ever one heir, technically," Calla said pursing her lips. "The eldest son."Harry's face fell. "Oh.""But it's not you," she said desperately. Why had she even said that? "It can't be and we know that.""Yeah." He swallowed. "I suppose so."After a moment, the two of them trod on, making their way along the corridor, but it was hardly a moment before Harry, lost in his thoughts, almost collided with Hagrid, coming down the other way."Sorry," he mumbled."Hello, Hagrid," Calla said, as brightly as she could given the conversation she'd just had. "How are you?"His face was hidden mostly, and a dead rooster hung from a gloved hands, but Calla knew it was him. After all, he was by far the largest person in Hogwarts. She backed away slightly, keeping her eyes away from the rooster.He pushed up the balaclava so he could speak. "I'm alright, Harry, Calla, now that ye ask. What are you two doing out of class, eh?""Cancelled because of the weather," Harry said. Thankfully he didn't add that Calla was still not returning to Defense."What are you doing in here, Hagrid?" Calla asked, so he didn't realise that she and Harry didn't share Herbology.To Calla's disgust, Hagrid held up the rooster. "This is the second one been killed this term," he said solemnly. "Might be foxes, I think, but I need the Headmaster's permission to Charm the coop to keep it out." Hagrid narrowed his eyes. "You two alright? Ye look a bit flustered.""We're fine," Harry said quickly, with a sharp glance at Calla. Her chest pressed in tightly."We ought to get going, Hagrid," she said, trying to ignore the uncomfortable feeling in her gut. "Transfiguration's next and we have to go and get our books now so we're not late for Professor McGonagall."Just then, as she made her way past Hagrid, Calla's head began raining. She squeezed her eyes shut and clutched the cold stone walls. Not now, she thought, but as usual, her mind didn't listen."Cal?" Harry said quietly, with a hand on her shoulder. "Are you-"A pair of great yellow eyes. Nearly Headless Nick, eyes blown wide in shock, and-"Justin," she whispered, roaring back to the world. "Oh, this is the worst timing." She whipped around to look at her brother. "It's going after Justin and Nick. Oh, why?" She stomped her foot. "We have to stop it.""You can do that?""If we're fast enough," Calla said, though she didn't believe it. There was a good chance that even if they tried they'd be too late, or they'd be hurt too. But she couldn't let someone else get hurt because of this. "Come on."She grabbed her brother's wrist and dragged him down the corridor, around a corner where he air seemed darker and colder than usual. Glass was shattered on the floor, from a broken windowpane, and-They were too late. The tightness in her chest exploded and she sank back, the air sucked out from her in a single breath. "We have to help," Harry said, already moving. Calla hung back, rooted to the floor, her legs refusing to work for her. "They're hurt."Her eyes latched onto Nick, no longer translucent and grey but black and smoking. "But he's a ghost," she said. Harry stared back. "How How can you kill a ghost?""Petrified," Harry said in response. "I - I think we should find someone, Dumbledore or McGonagall?" It was too late. Calla could hear footsteps coming along the corridor but still she was stuck to the floor in fear, with no idea what to do. She should help, she knew, she needed to do more, do something, do anything.There was a strange scuttling sound from the floor which Calla chose to focus on, trying to stop the tornado-like sounds of her mind, screaming and howling at her to run or help and stop this even though she didn't know how. Spiders were scurrying along the ground, fleeing from the bodies. She frowned, and was about to speak when someone else did it for her."Ooh, potty wee Potters!" cackled Peeves the Poltergeist. He bounced past Harry, dancing around Calla. "What're the Potters doing lurking-"He stopped in the middle of a cartwheel, eyes falling on Justin and Nick. A ball of dread dropped into the very pit of Calla's stomach. "Peeves, don't-""Attack! There's been another attack! Run, run for your lives! Attaaaack!"His voice rang throughout the castle and soon enough, students began flooding out of classrooms and into the corridor. Calla and Harry both wound up shoved against the walls as people began to surround the bodies, clamouring for a look at them.It was McGonagall who stopped the stampede, setting off a loud bang with her wand. "Back to your classes!" she ordered. There was grumbling as students slinked back, but just as Calla and Harry tried to make an inconspicuous exit, Ernie MacMillan came thundering along the corridor and stopped before them, pointing a shaking white finger. With far more melodrama than Calla thought necessary, he declared them, "Caught in the act!""That will be enough, Mr MacMillan," McGonagall said crisply.What few students still lingered were sent scurrying by her sharp looks, but it was Peeves who kept up the absurd drama of the moment. "Potters you rotters, oh what have you done? You're killing off students, such good fun!""Peeves!" McGonagall barked and he stuck his tongue out, backflipping down the corridor and disappearing through a wall.Someone came to take Justin and Nick away, but Calla barely registered it, that dread in her stomach crawling up. It was less the fear that she'd somehow done this than that she'd caused it; or rather, that her visions had.Every one of the petrifications had happened only after she'd seen it happen. What if She shook her head, but the idea stayed and she felt sick to her stomach. They'd all come true, every vision. What if she was unknowingly condemning the victims to their fates by seeing what would happen? Once it was known, it couldn't be unknown."I think I'm going to be sick," she whispered, and Harry darted over, holding her back. Tears fell from her eyes and the back of her throat burned, head fuzzy. She squeezed her eyes shut, cheeks blazing. "Sorry," she said once the nausea had passed, and forced herself to stand upright. Her legs trembled."Potter," McGonagall said crisply, gesturing to both of them. "With me.""Professor, we didn't do-""This is out of my hands I'm afraid, Potter." McGonagall's cloak swept on the floor behind her as she led them down the corridor, through Hogwarts and Calla realised with a sinking feeling that she was bringing them to Dumbledore. Dumbledore who knew about her visions and that she was absolutely meant to have been in Defense."Lemon drop," McGonagall said curtly. The gargoyle at the door leapt aside and the stone stairway appeared, swivelling around to greet them. McGonagall stepped on and Calla followed, Harry behind her.This was going to be a nightmare to explain.McGonagall left them to wait on the Headmaster, declaring that she had to return to her class but that he would be with them soon enough. Calla didn't think they would get away with trying to leave. Instead, she sat on her hands on one of the seats before his desk, trying to think of a better reason why she wasn't in Defense other than "I think Lockhart's an idiot". Maybe Dumbledore would give her points for honesty, even if she was definitely in trouble."I didn't know Dumbledore had a pet bird," Harry said, drawing her attentions. Calla stared at the cage Fawkes was held in and frowned, only now realising how withered the bird looked. His feathers were faded and drooping, falling off. He looked like he might drop dead at any moment."He's a Phoenix," she said quietly, before returning her gaze to the desk.She could tell Dumbledore she'd been let out of class but she doubted he'd believe that. Frankly, anyway she tried to spin it would make her even more suspicious. Maybe he would be right to be suspicious, after all, if her visions theory was correct.It was all such a mess. Calla laid her head down on the desk, chest aching and trying not to burst into tears. If she had caused this... She didn't know how she could forgive herself. She didn't know how anyone could."Calla," Harry said, in a small voice. "Cal?"She ignored him, trying to focus her thoughts. You are not a killer, she reminded herself. There's no way you did this and there's no way that Harry-"Calla, I think I killed the bird."She snapped her head up, fear striking her heart. "Harry, you have got to be kidding me."He shook his head, face pale, and gestures to Fawkes, who now appeared to be a pile of ash in the bottom of his cage. Dumbstruck, all Calla could do was stare, as Dumbledore swept into the room."Mr and Miss Potter," he greeted. "I hear you have had some form of an incident today?""It wasn't us," Harry blurted our hastily. "But um, you - I don't know what happened to your bird, either, it just... This just happened."Calla winced, but Dumbledore appeared to have a twinkle in his eye. "So you've met Fawkes, then, Harry. I believe Calla is already acquainted.""Yes," she mumbled."Then you'll remember, Miss Potter, that Fawkes is a phoenix." Both of them looked at Dumbledore blankly, not sure on the significance of the species. "Every so often, a phoenix, will wither and die, burst into flames and turn to Ash." That was delightful, Calla thought sarcastically. "But they always rise again, newborn. It is the life cycle, that they are destined always to be reborn, over and over. One of many properties of the phoenix. They carry great loads, and their tears can heal.""Their feathers are used in wands, aren't they?" Calla asked, with a frown. "Harry has one in his.""Indeed." Dumbledore regarded Harry coolly, and Calla shifted away nervously. "Their feathers are highly prized in the wandmaking business.""Right," Harry said."It's a shame you had to see him on Burning Day," Dumbledore said, wistfully. "He is really quite beautiful, wonderful red and gold plumage."Then, it went silent, and Calla shifted uncertainly in her seat with a twisting stomach. Harry too, took a seat next to her, shooting her a nervous, shaky smile. Dumbledore sat on the other side of the desk, fingertips steepled together as he watched them with that icy blue stare of his. Beside her, Calla could feel Harry shudder."Professor," she began nervously, sensing that her brother wasn't about to start speaking, "we really-"The door to the office burst open and they both reeled around, staring as Hagrid burst through the door with wild eyes, black balaclava perched on his head and that horrid dead rooster still swinging from his hand. Calla stared. "It was'n them Professor, it was'n Harry 'n Calla! I was with them just 'fore it happened, it could'n have bin them, they'd nev'r had the time, sir! It can't have bin them, sir, why, Id swear it in front o' the Ministry itself if I had ter!""Hagrid, I-""Ye've got the wrong ones, Professor, they-""Hagrid!" Dumbledore shouted, holding his hand up for silence. "I do not believe that either Harry or Calla did this."By her side, Harry let out a heavy breath."Alright then " Hagrid said awkwardly. "Well, erm, I'll be off then." He fumbled his way back out of the office, and clicked the door closed behind him."You really don't think it was us, Professor?" Harry asked, hopefully."No." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled slightly. "I do not, Harry. However, I do still wish to speak with you both. I must ask you both... Is there anything you wish to tell me?" His eyes searched their faces. "Anything at all?"They were quiet for a moment, not giving anything away. It was Harry who spoke. "No, Professor."Dumbledore's eyes flicked to Calla. She bit her lip nervously, heart thundering. "Nothing, Professor.""Then you may go, Harry. Miss Potter, am I correct in thinking you were meant to be in your Defense Against the Dark Arts class at the time of the incident?"Her blood felt like it had frozen over and Harry gave her a sympathetic look as he left. "You are, Professor," she said in a small voice. Her stomach curled in on itself and she looked down. "I'm sorry. I know I should have been there.""Miss Potter, you know your marks at the end of last year were far below our standards. You made a promise that you would improve this year, but you cannot do that if you continue to make a habit of missing classes.""I know, Professor." She couldn't force herself to speak much more. Her hands shook a little, fingers going so numb they were almost cold. "I'm sorry. But Lockhart...""Professor Lockhart.""He doesn't teach much. Or well. I wanted to work on Transfiguration, because that's a class that I think I can improve on.""And you don't think you can improve in your Defense classes?"She swallowed the lump in her throat. "No, Professor. Not with Lockhart teaching. I've already spoken to Professor Flitwick about this.""Miss Potter, I must ask that you try. Perhaps Professor Lockhart is not the best teacher for your learning style, but that doesn't not mean that attending class isn't beneficial to your learning or to your overall welfare, as one of my students.""All he does is talk about himself," Calla said at last, sullenly. "He makes Harry and me demonstrate all the great things he says that he's done, but it makes us both uncomfortable and I don't agree with what he says about werewolves." She glanced up, trying to meet Dimbledore's eyes while not bursting into tears. "I'll do extra work for other classes but I really don't want to go.""I'm afraid I cannot make exceptions for you, Miss Potter.""But Dumbledore-""Calla," he said. She bit her tongue and glanced back down with a slight scowl. "I understand your reasoning and I understand your frustration. But you must also understand I cannot be seen making an exception for one student or else I am sure I would have a tide of students asking to miss History of Magic because they believe it boring, or Potions because they find it too difficult." He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose just underneath his half-moon spectacles. "You have your first lesson with Professor Trelawney tomorrow night. If it goes well, perhaps we can see about you taking extra Divination and tutoring during some of your scheduled classes with Professor Lockhart."A small dork of hope flared up in her chest. "You think? Would that... Would that be okay?""We will see how your learning progresses," Dumbledore said. "It is only a possibility for now.""Thank you, Professor!" Calla said, relieved. "And I'll work really really hard with Professor Trelawney, I promise, I'll be the best student Seer in Hogwarts!"To her relief, Dumbledore let out a small laugh. "You may go, Miss Potter. And feel free to tell your brother everything we've discussed, no doubt he overheard it all anyway behind my door."Calla bit her lip to stifle a laugh, and stood up, making her way to the door. She paused a little, considering whether she should mention that she'd seen a vision of Justin, but decided against it. She'd have a handle on it, and didn't want to ruin what she managed to arrange already. "Thank you, Professor," she said finally, before turning and leaving.

The Divination classroom was at the very top of the North Tower, a part of the castle that Calla had never explored before. She got lost three times on the way there, even with the aid of the Marauder's Map. By the time she finally reached the top of the narrow staircase, she was out of breath, and painted as she stared upwards at the ceiling, and the trapdoor that was fixed there, locked. She swallowed nervously, not entirely certain what to do. "Um, hello?" she called into the silence, feeling quite silly. "It's Calla Potter, I - I'm to see Professor Trelawney?"The trapdoor swung open and a silver ladder dropped down, narrowly avoiding hitting Harry's forehead as she darted out of the way. A small woman peered out, looking rather like an insect - a beetle, perhaps, if the gauzy green shawl was to add anything to the effect - with round eyes like a mouse, and a shock of red curls that spilled from her pale face, tied back by a green and purple headband. Calla swallowed nervously. "Um, hello?" she said. "I'm Calla?""Ah yes, my dear," Trelawney - well, at least Calla hoped it was Trelawney - said in an airy voice, blinking her great wide eyes. "Come, my dear child, join me."Unsure, Calla clambered up the ladder, poking her head into Trelawney's classroom. It was different, to say the very least, from any of the other Hogwarts classrooms. The most accurate comparison Calla could think of was that it was the absolute opposite of Snape's. She wondered if he'd ever studied Divination in this room, and smothered a laugh.Scarves of various colours - red, blue, gold, green - were draped across and over the top of the windows, and incense burned on various tables, making the room glow strangely with a red light through the smoke. Rather than the usual wooden desks and chairs were round tables with armchairs, a bit like on might find in a tea room, or at Mrs Figg's house. The room was circular, and the shelves were crammed full of tea cups, pots, crystal balls, feathers, candles, stacks of cards and a few scattered, cracked leather books."Make yourself comfortable, dear," Trelawney said, her silks trailing after her as she half-walked, half-danced across the room. "Sit, sit." Trelawney herself took a seat in a winged armchair next to the rounded table in front of the fireplace, and gestures to the one across from her. Tentatively, Calla crosses the room and sat down. "My name is Professor Trelawney, to assuage any doubt." Calla nodded politely, not quite sure what she thought of the woman yet. "You may not have seen me around the school often, for I find being amongst the hustle and bustle has a tendency to cloud my inner eye somewhat. I don't suspect you have a similar ailment, from what Dumbledore has told me of you?"Calla blinked, and then shook her head quickly. "No, Professor Trelawney."She let out a small huff, then picked up a rather dusty looking teapot from the floor. "Tea?" she asked and Calla nodded. She didn't like tea much, but thought it might be impolite to refuse someone's tea on the first meeting. Besides, Professor Trelawney was one professor she absolutely had to make a good impression upon. As far as she knew, she was the only other person in Hogwarts with what Dumbledore had called the Sight.Trelawney poured out a rather lukewarm cup and Calla sipped it, watching the Professor over the rim of the fine china. "Thank you, Professor," she said quietly, setting her cup down."Normally upon my taking in a new class of students I would warn them of the struggles they will have with Divination. It is the most difficult of all the magical arts, and is not something that may be learned from textbooks. For those who do not have the Sight, it is near impossible. But you do have the Sight, my dear, and from what I hear it is strong within you.""Yes, Professor," Calla said, with a nervous smile. Her sight was too strong, she thought, but wasn't sure if she ought to tell Professor Trelawney that or not."Do you know of the thirteen instrumental arts of Divination?" Trelawney asked suddenly, eyes seeming to get even larger behind her circular glasses."No, Professor," Calla told her uncertainly. Should she? No one had mentioned them to her before. "I only really have my visions, I don't... I don't do much else."Trelawney's gaze landed with scrutiny upon her."I see," she mused. "Tea leaves are often the first thing, followed by Palmistry. There are eleven more Divining Arts, each of them complex and mysterious in their own ways. There is astrology, the study of the stars; cartomancy, which involves Divining from cards; crystal-gazing; dream interpretation; heptomology, which is the study of the number seven and has its roots in Arithmancy, though I would not recommend its study. Professor Vector is rather dull company." Calla bit down a laugh. "Pyromancy is Divining from flames and fire omens; Ichthyomancy involves the use of fish-" Calla tried to hide her distaste at that possibility "-yes, it is not my favoured method, I find it to be rather brutalist, though for some its practice can be the key to unclouding the inner eye." Calla nodded again. "Ornithomancy is far more tasteful, using the birds instead of fish, scrying sees across the distances in space rather than time. I believe it may be similar to what you experience, though most scrying is aided by mirrors."Calla frowned. "That's only twelve though isn't it?""I said eleven, dear."At that, Calla stared, but Trelawney seemed unconcerned. "You said two and then that there were eleven others."At first, Trelawney frowned, looking like she was trying to think backwards. Calla wondered if she was so used to seeing the future that she thought in reverse now and could not remember the past. That was a strange thought, but it didn't sound like it was an impossibility. "There is amniomancy," Trelawney said slowly. "The most untameable of all the Divining arts, the use of prophecy." The word chilled Calla."Is that like what I use?""I do not know yet, my child," Trelawney said sweetly, then gestured to the teacup. "Drink up."She did as she was told, taking a slurp. It wasn't bad tea necessarily, but Calla did have to wonder how long it had been in the classroom for. Did tea get better with age, like wine, or did it mush?"So," she said slowly, her words awkward. "Um, I should probably warn you I'm not very good at magic, Professor.""You have the Sight," Trelawney said simply. "That is what truly matters in this classroom, my child. Tell me what happens."Calla wasn't quite certain of herself, but she told Trelawney anyway, everything that she had seen and when and how and where. She wasn't entirely sure Trelawney took it all in - at one point she took back the teacup and set about tidying her shelves. When Calla was done, she nodded, humming, and put an empty teacup in front of her, with only soggy tea leaves in the bottom. Then, she pulled out a book - 'The Dream Oracle' - and laid that next to Calla's teacup."You'll enjoy this book," she said. "Though my child I must advise caution this year - be careful with corners.""Corners." Calla stared. It didn't quite make sense, but she supposed her visions didn't either. "Is that how you divine, Professor? Like, premonitions?""My dear, I divine by all methods," Trelawney told her. "But, Yes, I do have a certain affinity for speaking the future before I even know it myself. In time it may be a skill you develop again, an extra form of intuition and instinct.""Like a sixth sense? That's not quite what I have.""I began with speaking prophecies. I was not sure what to do and so I suppressed the ability instead of learning to control it." Trelawney glanced at Calla and she shuddered, partly at the thought and partly because it felt like it fit the general vibe. "Now I use a variety of methods. Reading and studying tea leaves - tessamancy - is one of them." She nudged the teacup. "Tell me what you see, child."She was rather uncertain - shouldn't they be focusing on how to stop her from blacking out every time she had a vision and not being able to control it? - but nodded swiftly, glancing in the cup. For a moment it looked just like some tea leaves in a cup, and Calla felt a bit foolish. But it was like a fog clearing in her mind's eye.The tea leaves separated against the background of the cup, creating an image. She frowned. It looked like a rectangle, if she was being honest but... "A book?" She looked at Trelawney. "What does that mean?""The tea leaves often hold various meanings," Trelawney mused. "A closed book means searching for wisdom or skills you have not yet attained, or that you are shrouded in Secrets." She looked at Calla in concern. "Is there anything you're hiding from someone, dear, anything you're too scared to tell."She swallowed deeply. If she thought about it- but no. She wouldn't go there, there was nothing she was really hiding. "Not in particular," she sad breezily.Trelawney have her a scrutinising look. "It will get better," she said breezily. Calla stared, again. It felt like she was staring a lot."What will?""Your magic. But you must work at it, and you must be eager to learn.""Of course," she said quickly, though she could feel her cheeks burning. How had Trelawney known what she was thinking? Was that a form of Divination, too, that she could learn? "Professor, how does this relate to my visions, though? I need to be able to control them."She smiled a half-smile, like a crescent moon or a Cheshire Cat. "First you must learn what control is, and second what it is you truly need to control.""It's my visions," Calla said, confused. "I have to stop having them at random times when it's important, and to see stuff I need to see. Not just... Silly things. Like books or - or keys. I saw keys once and that was it how am I supposed to know what that means? Am I unlocking a door, is someone else, it doesn't help anything!"Trelawney sighed. "I worried the same things. For now it does not matter. You must first understand your inner eye and it's functionings in order to be able to use it to its full potential. Not many are blessed with the Sight but you, child, must make the most of your abilities.""But how-""Sh." Trelawney pointed to the teacup. "The leaves. Do you still see a book?""Yes," Calla said quietly."Read through this." From under the chair, Trelawney pulled a copy of 'Unfogging the Future'. "It will give you guidance, as will the other."The trapdoor swung open and Calla startled. "I shall see you again soon, Calla. Perhaps sooner than expected."A bit shaken, Calla nodded hastily, grabbed the two books and scampered down the ladder. She leaned against the stone wall, trying to stop the roar of her mind. That wasn't what she'd anticipated but... Well, it was better than nothing. And at least she wasn't the only psychic weirdo in Hogwarts.xxxxAs it happened, Trelawney appeared in Calla's Transfiguration classroom only two days after their lesson together. Everyone turned as she waltzed into the room, and Calla could see the look of confusion on Harry's face as he - and the rest of the class - tried fruitlessly to piece together who she was."Professor," McGonagall said in her crisp voice. "What pleasure do I owe, Sybil?""I have had A premonition, Professor."Trelawney's voice seemed to take on a more dramatic quality than Calla recalled from their lesson. "A premonition," McGonagall said flatly. "I see.""Who is that?" Ron hissed. Hermione shrugged, frowning, and for once Calla felt a slight smugness at knowing something neither she nor Ron did."Professor Trelawney," she said with a smile. Harry nodded in newly dawned recognition. "Divination."Hermione wrinkled her nose, watching as she spoke to McGonagall, hand actions wide and wild. "She seems a bit odd," she observed and Calla looked at her."She's nice," she said, more defensively than she'd intended. She craned her neck to get a look over Harry's shoulder at the conversation swiftly unfolding at the desk.Eventually, McGonagall sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. "Miss Potter," she called out and Calla sat up straighter, something akin to nerves glaring in her chest."Yes, Professor McGonagall?""You are to go to Professor Trelawney's classroom at the end of the day." She gave Trelawney a sharp look when she opened her mouth to protest. "No earlier."Calla nodded nervously."How do you know who the Divination Professor is?" Hermione asked as they left the classroom later on, making their way along the corridor to their next class."I didn't even know her," Ron said.She floundered for what to say for a moment. Seeing her discomfort, Harry said quickly, "She um, met us last year when we were getting our things for Hogwarts in Diagon Alley, right?" He glanced at Calla in thet way that told her to just go along with what he was saying and she nodded eagerly."Apparently she'd seen us coming.""I didn't recognise her at first," Harry was continuing. "But Calla's always had a better memory than me."Hermione and Ron seemed to accept that answer, nodding. Padma have Calla a questioning look but before she could ask any further, a weight dropped into place at Calla's other side, falling into step with them. "What's all this about a Divination Professor wanting to see you, Cal?""Inore her," Padma murmured, hastening her step."What?" Daphne called, racing to catch up. "Come on, Pads, all I'm doing is asking.""Yeah, and we're not talking to you, so." Padma grabbed Calla's arm and they veered off to the left. Calla looked back at Daphne with wide eyes as they descended down a dark corridor, turning a corner, not sure if she should apologise or argue or try to talk some sense and diffuse whatever situation was building."You're holding my arm really tight," she said in a quiet voice, and Padma let go, sucking in a breath."Sorry," she said quietly. "I just She makes me so angry!" To prove her point, Padma kicked at a stone wall, only to hide and grab her toe. "That was stupid. Sorry. She just She needs to sort out her priorities. She can't just stop talking to us, hang with the Slytherins, give no explanation, start accusing first Hagrid and then you and Harry of all people!" She groaned in frustrated, leaning her head against the stones. Calla smiled softly, standing beside her."It doesn't bother me," Calla told her. Padma gave her a sharp look. "That she accused me. I know I didn't do anything, and if I'm honest I think she knows too." She shrugged. "I've no idea what's going on with her recently. I guess she has her reasons, but-""But they're stupid reasons? And she doesn't really have much justification at all for the fact that she just ditched us with absolutely no care.""I was going to say that she struggles to explain herself." She reaches out to squeeze her friend's hand, hoping it was some comfort. Padma was more upset than she was, it was clear. "But I agree. And I get why you're upset.""Thanks." Padma swallowed, leaning her head on Calla's shoulder. "I You know I don't like talking about stuff like Emotional stuff." Calla nodded, not sure what might follow. "But lately, I don't know, I guess I've just felt a little out of it. Parvati hangs out with Lavender more than with me and I get it, they're best friends but-""You're her twin?" Calla supposed she could sympathise a little; it had felt weird at first when they came to Hogwarts and suddenly Harry had other friends who weren't her. "I get it. You know she still loves you, but""It's hard to talk like we used to," Padma said. "And, I don't know. You and Harry talk most, and Ron and Hermione argue with each other even more and I'm just caught in the middle, and I know none of you mean it but without Daphne it just feels even worse-"Calla cut her off, pulling Padma into a hug. Her heart ached realising that she hadn't really thought about how her other friends felt with all of the Chamber of Secrets stuff going on, especially Padma. "I'm sorry," she said, and felt Padma shake her head."It's hardly your fault Daphne's being a bitch.""No," Calla agreed slowly. "But I should have realised how unhappy you were."For a moment neither of them spoke, before Padma drew away, smiling shakily. She wiped at her glistening eyes. "Okay," she said, taking a deep breath. "I'm okay now.""You're sure?" Calla asked. Padma gave a brisk nod."Yeah. I will be.""We can stay here another minute if you want. Binns won't notice if we're late to History."xxxx"Professor Trelawney?"Calla had just gotten out of History of Magic, and had gone straight to Trelawney's classroom. Harry and the others had gone off to check on the Polyjuice Potion, which, according to Hermione, was near to being ready in time for Christmas. Neither Calla nor Harry were particularly happy about potentially having to miss out on Christmas Dinner with Uncle Moony, but Hermione said that apparently 'needs must'."A moment, dear," Trelawney called in her strange voice, gritty against the heavy. Calla shuffled into the classroom awkwardly, not certain of where to stand. "Ah, you arrived just as the sun begins its slow descent into the dark."Calla glanced out the window, noted that the sun was setting in far more simple terms than Trelawney had deemed necessary, and looked back as the Divination Professor hurried into the room. "Take a seat, take a seat, make yourself at home."Gingerly, Calla slipped into a seat. "Now," Trelawney said, sitting opposite her. "My dear, I have foretold great troubles for you in this year, which I felt I must inform you of at once."Calla's heart plunged. "Yes?" She had to push the words out. "What - what have you seen, Professor?""Sybil," she said absently, shuffling cards on the desk and levitating them into a box."What?""That is my name, dear. Feel free to use it." Before Calla could reply, Trelawney - Sybil - had reached across the desk to clasp her hands and she jumped a little in surprise. Her hands were unusually cold. "You are in grave danger," Trelawney told her, breath rattling. Calla felt her face drain of warmth. "Both you - you and your brother. If you are to remain at Hogwarts, great and terrible things will unfold. It is not safe for you, my child.""Is it about the chamber of secrets?"She realised instantly she shouldn't have asked. Trelawney snatched her hands away and let out a moan, pressing the back of her hand to her forehead. "You know my child, already, you know! I fear it may be too late to save you!""Save me?" Calla did not like where this conversation was going. "From what? Is the heir after me?" A bought struck her, piercing and cold. "Is - is the heir someone I know?""We must not speak of this.""But you brought it up-""My child, a great evil is at work in this castle and beneath it. I fear you are ill-prepared for what is to come.""Do you know what's to come?" Calla leaned forward. "Prof- Sybil?" Trelawney's eyes lurched up. "Please tell me what's happening. I can try and stop it and so can my brother.""My dear, you must not interfere!" Trelawney said, hand trembling. "You are in grave danger.""You've already said that, but what-""The heir," Trelawney said, voice low. "You must protect yourself at all costs, Calla, for you are in danger like you have never dreamed, and -" She broke off for a moment, and curled in on herself like she was trying to use her shawl as a shell and retreat into it. "My child, the path of your fate is a winding one, with many forks. I cannot see where it goes for certain, but you must be careful, proceed with caution." Trelawney clasped Calla's hands again and her blood went cold. "Your path may soon be a dead end."

Needless to say, Trelawney's words hung over Calla's head for the next few days, as she grew continuously restless. It was only a few days before the Christmas holidays when she had her first tutoring with Dumbledore, but she didn't particularly want to attend.She'd had to do mid-year tests for all of her subjects, to ensure that she was on the right path to passing her exams at the end of the year. Charms, History of Magic, and Astronomy had all gone well, and she thought she might maybe end up with two Es out of those three, especially considering Charms was the only one with an actual, magical practical portion. As for Potions, Transfiguration and Herbology, passing would be a blessing, after her potion had been merely grey sludge, and she'd taken seven tries for her spell to have any effect in Transifguration. Defense Against the Dark Arts was, well, best not spoken about. At Dumbledore's request, she'd returned to those lessons, but they were entirely pointless and she refused to acknowledge Lockhart, which she could tell infuriated him, but she found herself not caring. She should care, she knew that, but she couldn't bring herself to do so. The test he'd given her was ridiculous anyway, mostly about the names of people he'd saved, his favourite books, and what colours best brought out his eyes.Hopefully Dumbledore wouldn't mind awfully if she got a T in that class (which Ron had helpfully informed her was the worst mark she could possibly get).She was still nervous. He was teaching her Occlumency, yes, but her test results would also be in his possession now and she didn't honestly want to disappoint him. More than that, she knew Uncle Moony would be told, and he'd always put faith and pride in her. She didn't want to let him down most of all."Miss Potter," Dumbledore greeted her when she finally got up the courage to enter his office. "How pleasant to see you. I hope you have had a good day?"She nodded. "Yes. And you, Professor?""Ah, well, I have had a day," he said, with a twinkle in his eyes. "The clouds, however, have rather dulled my mood. Hopefully we might get a sprinkling of snow, though.""Yeah." Calla's eyes flicked to the seat in front of Dumbledore's desk and back to him."Take a seat, take a seat," he said warmly, as she did so. "Now, I know you're here for Occlumency, but I thought it would be useful to inform you of your results from your subject tests. Professor Flitwick sent them to me a half hour ago, and I do want to say that I found myself rather pleased." A small weight was lifted from Calla's shoulders. "Professor Binns gave you an O in History of Magic.""No way!" Calla caught herself. "I mean, that's... Good, Professor. Thank you."Dumbledore smiled. "As for Charms and Astronomy, you received Es in each, and two A grades in Transfiguration and Herbology." He paused, and Calla swallowed. Here it was. "Your Potions theory test, Professor Snape informed me, was deserving of a high E. However, with your practical grade added in, you were one mark off of achieving an A."She wasn't particularly surprised, considering she was always better at theory and the practical had been completely abysmal. But she still couldn't stop herself from feeling downhearted about it, like she'd failed all the people who'd believed she could do better this year. And she was so close to passing, too. "And Defense?""A D." For dreadful, Calla thought."Well," she said, feigning cheer. "At least it's not a T for Troll.""Indeed." Dumbledore steepled his fingers together. "However, Miss Potter, it is still not an A."Maybe if Hogwarts ever got a competent DADA teacher, Calla thought to herself bitterly. To Dumbledore, she said, "I'm working on it.""I see." He stood. "In that case, we will begin to go over the basics of Occlumency. You will not be learning the full strength magic that most would use to guard against external mental attacks, such as from Legilimency, but rather a form intended to guard against your own mind. We will focus on learning to separate thoughts from feelings, from clearing your mind and pushing out thoughts that are unwanted.""Okay," Calla said, biting her lip. She felt a little queasy, but it would be wholly embarrassing to tell Dumbledore that. "How am I meant to do that?"Dumbledore smiled. "In time. First, I'd like you to think on anything that may be worrying you, to focus on your negative thoughts and cast them away. They may be interfering with your usual thought process and manifesting that negativity in the form of your visions. If you can control your thought process and emotions, you may then be able to control your magic better."Calla thought it should be fairly obvious to Dumbledore what was worrying her, as it was worrying the whole of the rest of Hogwarts, too. The Heir of Slytherin hadn't been found, and Justin and Nick's attack had only made things worse. "Well, Miss Potter?"She blinked. "Oh, you - you want me to... Tell you?""If you want to. It may help.""Well, um." She bit her lip. "There's obviously the issue of the Heir of Slytherin. Anyone I know could be targeted, and so I guess that's kind of weighing on me, but it's not like... That's not a me thing, that's something that's happening, so I don't really know how to stop worrying about that. And, well, I guess exams and stuff, too." She frowned. "I don't really know, Professor.""Ah," Dumbledore said with a mystical smile, "to have a mind so young. Think on it, Miss Potter, but enjoy your Christmas holidays. Though I believe your name is on the list of students staying here at Hogwarts?""That's correct, Professor.""Then I may be seeing you around the castle. Rest your mind, and put away your worries. We will continue this in January."She stared, frowning. "Wait, that's it?""You may go, Miss Potter."After another moment, Calla stood up, not entirely certain what had been achieved by her coming to see Dumbledore in the first place. Still, she smiled and said a mumbled, "Goodbye, thank you, Professor Dumbledore."xxxxThe Christmas holidays were more than welcome when they arrived, at last. Though most of the castle had left, due in no small part to the recent attacks, it seemed that the only people left in the castle were Calla, Padma, Hermione, the Weasleys, Daphne and Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle. They hadn't asked Daphne to join them or hinted that they would be staying to her, but she'd decided to stay anyway, for reasons Calla couldn't discern. She kept out of their way, though, to Padma's relief. The two of them had spent an awful lot of time with Harry, Hermione and the Weasleys in Gryffindor Tower, playing at Exploding Snap and watching the twins' antics.Calla hadn't experienced a Hogwarts Christmas before, though according to Ron the year before had been spectacular. She couldn't help but notice, however, that Ginny Weasley didn't appear to be enjoying herself much."Come on," she'd said to her one day, as she Padma and Hermione bundled up. "Come have a snowball fight with us. We need someone to even out the teams.""I'm fine," Ginny had replied quietly. When asked, all she'd said was wrong was that she missed her friends, though Hermione had whispered once to Calla that she didn't think Ginny had many friends in Gryffindor at all.Harry, of course, was oblivious to all of this.It didn't put a damper on Christmas Day itself, however. Though Padma didn't personally celebrate it, she'd been excited for the feast that was to unfold - desserts were said to be even better on Christmas than they were usually, and considering Hogwarts' usual standard of cakes... Calla's stomach was growling just to think of it.She didn't open her presents until she and Harry were together, sitting at the middle table in the Great Hall, that usually belonged to Ravenclaw House. Daphne sat down the other end, watching them curiously, but when Malfoy called her over she went running and Calla didn't catch her eye again."Hermione says it's ready for tonight," Harry whispered to Calla as he exchanged his present. She didn't have to ask to know he meant the Polyjuice Potion. "You've kept the hair?"A few days before the end of term, Padma had taken the hairs of Pansy Parkinson and Tracey Davis, two other Slytherin first year girls in Herbology when they'd had to team up to pot mandrakes. "Padma's got it under control.""Good." Harry stepped away. "Uh, I hope you like the present. I didn't really know what to get you, so I figured if nothing else it would keep you warm."With a smile, Calla took off the wrapping paper and burst into a laugh. "A Gryffindor scarf?""There's matching gloves, too," Ron added, coming to Calla's side. "I told him to get them.""You have excellent taste," Calla told Ron, who went a bit pink."Yeah, well, I figured it'd be... Nice."Calla bit back a laugh as Harry opened the present she'd gotten him, a box of Honeydukes chocolate Uncle Moony had recommended and a copy of 'Potions for Dummies'. He'd protested at that, but still grinning, and said she'd have to wear his present to the next Quidditch game - which was Gryffindor versus Ravenclaw - as payback.As Calla learnt throughout the day, a Hogwarts Christmas was a Christmas like no other. Apart from the absolute beauty that was the desserts, every course was delicious. In between food, they pulled crackers, though these weren't any crackers - when they were pulled apart they went off with great bangs, bursting with pink or purple sparks, and instead of hats, jokes, and little tricks, Calla's prizes included white chocolate mice which ran laps around the table before she caught them, and a set of red and white tongs that snapped at Ron's nose until he tore them away and sent a very pathetic set of sparks at them, which caused the once proud tongs to collapse onto the tabletop and lie motionless."You've ruined my cracker prize," Calla was still grumbling as the five of them - her, Ron, Harry, Hermione and Padma - made their early exit from the Great Hall."They were about to pull my nose off, Calla!" Ron protested. "I had to do something!""Yeah, cause your nose is so important, right," Padma said, rolling her eyes.When they were sure that no one was watching them, they veered off and made their way to the First Floor Bathroom, where Moaning Myrtle greeted them with a wail. "Merry Christmas to me!" she cried, before promptly bursting into tears and diving into a toilet with a splash.Calla wrinkled her nose. It didn't feel like a particularly good omen."You three," Hermione glanced at Harry, Padma and Ron, "know what you're going to do, yes?"Ron nodded. "Got the cupcakes right here.""And Calla, you have your hair from Pansy Parkinson?"She held up her vial. "I'm prepared," she said, with a smug look to Harry and Ron. "Well, Hermione, are we ready?"Hermione nodded, leading them to a cubicle at the far end of the bathroom. The five of them crowded in, though Ron still sort of lingered in the doorway, half of him in the open bathroom, since it was a bit of a squeeze. Calla looked down at the bubbling, sludge-brown potion and grimaced. It didn't look nearly as appetising as the feast they'd just had, that was for certain."You three go and deal with Crabbe, Goyle and Tracey Davis," Hermione instructed to Harry, Ron and Padma, who made their way quickly out to the Great Hall. "Calla, can you stand guard outside the door and make sure no one comes in.""Why me?" Calla grumbled, not really fancying standing against a wall in an empty corridor on her own."Because people believe you about things," Hermione said. "If anyone asks, just say that Myrtle's upset, I'm trying to calm her down, and she doesn't want anyone else to go in."Rolling her eyes, Calla slid past Hermione and made her way out of the bathroom into the corridor. It was cold, and she tried not to let her eyes fixate on the stains of blood that were still present on the wall opposite. Hopefully the other three would be back soon, without any hitches in the plan, and they could get this over with.Waiting, Calla's eyes fell on a group of spiders by the wall, scuttling along the floor. Stifling a shriek, she stepped away, backing to the other side of the corridor. She didn't hate spiders, not in the same way that Ron did, but the way they moved was definitely creepy. She'd never seen so many in one place, moving in sync, like they were running away from something.She shuddered to think what they might be running away from."What are you up to?" Calla whirled around at the sound of Daphne's voice, stomach plummeting.The blonde girl stalked over to her, flipping her hair. "I know you're up to something." She wrinkled her nose. "And What are you doing here, of all places?""Myrtle's upset," she said as confidently as she could. "Hermione's in there with her now, trying to calm her down, but she doesn't want anyone else to see her just now."Daphne looked disbelieving. "You think you can find the Heir of Slytherin, don't you?""Maybe we can," Calla said nervously. "You don't know who it is, do you?""I know it isn't Draco, if that's what you're trying to prove. He would have told me already. That's all I've been trying to find out, from the Slytherin, but none of them have any more clue than the rest of us. Apart from it was Hagrid who was expelled for it last time." She shrugged. "I know you all don't believe that, though.""Because it isn't him," Calla insisted, temper flaring up. Maybe she should find a way to prove it, but she just knew that it couldn't be Hagrid. Hagrid was wonderful and kind and he thought Hermione was brilliant and had just as much contempt for Slytherin and prejudice as the rest of them."I didn't say it was." Daphne shrugged. "Look, I don't want to fight with you guys. You're my friends, especially you Calla. You were the first friend I chose for myself, without my parents steering me towards purebloods. I just wanted to find out who it was, and clearly you don't approve of m my methods." She narrowed her eyes. "But whatever it is you're up to, I doubt it will work out like you want it to.""And are you going to try anything to stop us?" Calla asked, eyebrows raised."No point," Daphne said airily. Then, her face fell. "Just... remember that I am your friend. I'm sorry for upsetting you - and I don't believe that Harry or you are the heirs.""Thanks," Calla said drily, though her stomach twisted uncomfortably. At the sound of footsteps coming down the hall, she looked at Daphne and gave her a grin smile. "They probably won't take kindly to you being out here with me."Daphne shrugged. "Figures." Then she smiled awkwardly. "Just don't get yourselves in trouble, yeah?"She went off back the way she came, leaving Calla to stare at her retreating back and wonder what the Hell she was meant to do after that.Harry, Ron and Padma came down the corridor a moment later, and again the piled into the tiny cubicle.With a few flourishes of her wand, Hermione finished off the potion and started ladling it out into five separate mugs. Padma dropped a Pansy hair into one mug, and a Tracey hair into the other. Calla has the honour of drinking Pansy's potion, which had turned a sort of brownish pink shade. The Tracey potion, on the other hand, was much prettier, a sort of silvery colour."Lucky," Calla muttered, and Padma smirked.Harry and Ron put their own hairs in their mugs, as did Hermione, all of which did look even less appetising than Calla's did, at least. "We'd better separate," Hermione said. "Crabbe and Goyle are much bigger and there's no way we'll all fit. Plus, we need to change too."She tossed extra large Slytherin robes to Harry and Ron, and passed a change of clothes each to Calla and Padma. They cleared out, Calla in the cubicle between Harry and Padma. She glared down at her mug, trying to work up the appetite to drink it. "Down it in one," she muttered to herself. "It'll be over soon enough."Closing her eyes and trying not to breathe too deeply, she raised the mug to her lips and drank it all in one go. It burned at the back of her throat and she coughed, slamming the mug down on the top of the toilet lid. Harry seemed to have had a similar reaction from the way he was coughing."That's disgusting," he said through the cubicle, and Calla gave a grunt of agreement.Then, there was a very strange sensation that overcame her. Like every part of her was moving, her cheeks and skin bubbling and sliding around, like pieces of a puzzle re-arranging herself. Her hair brushed over her shoulders as it shortened, coming to just above the tops of her shoulder, and all of a sudden her vision went blurry. She squeezed her eyes shut, and took off her glasses. When she opened them, the world was in full clarity and she couldn't stop herself from staring. "Woah," she said quietly."Quickly," Padma said, unlocking her own door. "We've only got an hour, remember?"Hastily, Calla tore off her own robes and pulled on the Slytherin ones. They fit surprisingly well, and after fastening them she stepped out the cubicle, rushing over to the mirror where Padma already stood.It was the strangest thing. Her skin had gone pale and smooth, eyes a dark brown instead of bright green, and her hair was short and pin-straight. Her lips were fuller and her nose smaller, and she herself was taller, which felt very odd indeed. Her balance felt all off, and she stepped tentatively nearer to Padma, who was gazing at her own pasty-faced, mousy-haired reflection."This is weird," Padma said, just as Ron and Harry stepped out."Yeah," Calla agreed. Even her teeth felt weird - and her voice was higher than normal, too. Turning around to Harry, she asked, "Where's Hermione?"There was a sort of sniffing sound from the farthest stall. "I'm not coming," Hermione said in a shrill voice. "Go without me."Calla frowned. "Hermione, What-""Just go! Like Padma said, you only have an hour, you need all the time you can get.""Come on, Hermione, we know Bulstrode's ugly," Ron said, "no one's going to know it's you.""And you can't look any worse than Harry," Padma put in, making him scowl."Just go!" Hermione called.They all glanced at each other. "If you're sure...""I am, just go on!" Hermione insisted. "Remember, one hour!"All slightly bewildered, they slowly made their ways out of the bathroom, but Calla had rather a sinking feeling in her gut. Whatever was wrong with Hermione didn't really feel like it boded well for their mission as a whole. "Right," Padma said, glancing around. "First things first, where actually is the Slytherin Common Room?"They all looked at each other the same, realising that none of them had thought to figure out where the Slytherin Common Room actually was. With a sigh, Calla pulled the Marauder's Map from the pocket of her Slytherin robes. It was a good thing she always took it with her. "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good," she said, tapping the parchment. Maroon ink bloomed across it, creating the map she knew so well. From where they were, the Slytherin Common Room wasn't too far: down a corridor, three right turns, and straight down to the dungeons, then along past the Potions corridor to the very outskirts of Hogwarts Castle, by the lake."Come on," Harry said, peering at the map and holding its edge. "Let's get going. Calla, you have to stand up straighter, and look haughtier like Parkinson does.""Try and act like there's a bad smell under your nose," Padma suggested. "Pansy always looks like she's vaguely disgusted by something."Bearing that in mind, Calla rolled her shoulders back and held herself taller, taking care to look down her wrinkled nose.They didn't get far until they passed Penelope Clearwater, the Ravenclaw Prefect. Ron looked like he was about to say something - possibly ask for directions - but Padma nudged him in the side to stop him and Ron went toppling over, clutching onto Harry's arm. Penelope gave them scathing looks, but continued on her way."Keep your head down," Padma hissed. "And act stupider. If that's possible.""Shove off," Ron muttered.Rounding a corner, they faltered. "That's one of them now," Padma said, but when they crept closer, Calla realised they were wrong. It was Percy, hair a little ruffled, bounding up from the dungeons."What are you doing here?" Ron blurted out, without thinking.Percy's sharp eyes caught on what he thought was Goyle. "Excuse me?" he asked, looking strongly offended. "I happen to be a School Prefect. You, however..." He wrinkled his nose, no doubt taking in the Slytherin badges on their uniforms. "Have no such authority on which to question me. It's Crabbe, isn't it?"Ron blinked stupidly. "Oh, Yeah.""Well, then get back to your common room. It isn't safe to wander about the school in times such as these.""You are," Ron pointed out, earning a sharp elbow to the ribs from Padma."As I said, I'm a School Prefect." Percy drew himself up proudly, making his badge catch the light. "Nothing's goin to attack me. Now, be on your way."Calla, not wanting to risk getting caught out, hurried onwards, Harry, Ron and Padma following quickly behind.She stared down at the map, keeping an eye on the way they were going. If they turned down that way- her eyes caught on a name coming towards them and she hissed a quick, "Mischief Managed," before stuffing the map hastily back into her pocket."Cal, what-"Draco Malfoy rounded the corner, immediately finding them. Calla tried to put on one of Pansy's smiles, simpering and sickly sweet. "Draco," she called. "We were just looking for you." He stared. "Aren't you glad to see me back? I decided I simply couldn't miss the feast this year, especially since you all were staying behind."On her right, Harry gave a frantic nod. "I thought you were in France for the holidays?""Oh," Calla said with a small, tinkling laugh, "France gets boring after a while, if I'm honest. I'd much rather be here, with you."Malfoy looked pale and confused, and honestly Calla wasn't that surprised. She probably should have looked more closely into what Pansy Parkinson would be doing, and why she'd have reason to come back to Hogwarts for the holidays, but she hadn't. Now she just had to hope that she could pull it off, and that Malfoy somehow wouldn't ask Pansy more about it when she did return."I might go back at some point, though," she said airily, taking Malfoy's arm. "I don't know, Mumsy of course said that I was welcome to stay with them over New Year's if I wished.""Right," Malfoy said, brow knitted together in confusion. "That's... Good for you, Pansy.""What do you say we go on, then?" said Padma as Tracey, eyes darting nervously between Malfoy and Calla. "I'm dying for a seat, these two are doing our heads in, aren't they, Pansy? Can't get an intelligent word out of them."Harry looked offended; Ron at least just looked confused, which was fitting for Crabbe. But Malfoy looked confused too. "Since when do you two hang around anyway?" Malfoy whispered to Calla as they set off down a corridor. "You said Davies might as well be half bred with a pig."A sliver of ice plunged into Calla's stomach. They'd already messed up. "Well," she said, trying not to dwell too much on the exact implications of Pansy's comment, "I saw Crabbe and Goyle with her - no idea why they'd want to be with her, but as you say, it's not like they have much brains. Clearly she's just a hanger on right now, without anyone else, but it's amusing to see her flail and try keeping up with us."Malfoy seemed to take this as an acceptable answer. He sniffed as he led them down another corridor, and then a set of stairs to the dungeons. He breezed past the cold, dark stone wall until he came to a bare stretch and paused."What's the new password again?" he asked Calla, who floundered for a moment. "Oh, Yeah," he said, barely noticing, "pureblood."Calla held back a glare. Of course the password had to be pureblood. She glanced back at Padma-Tracy, who looked incredibly out of place. When Malfoy entered, followed by Harry and Ron, she hung back a little to whisper to her friend. "Is everything alright?""Yeah," Padma said quickly blinking. "It's just... I'm just thinking is all."Feeling Malfoy's eyes on her, Calla put on a sneer and swept away to the grand, green velvet sofa where she sat by Malfoy's side. Padma looked uncertain as she took a seat opposite, by Ron, stiff as a board. Malfoy, of course, had no such worries. He lounged back in his seat with all the elegance expected of a spoilt git who had been treated like a prince all of his life."Well?" he asked in a haughty tone, clearly expecting something of them all. "What's Davis still doing here?"Padma flinched. Ron and Harry were no help, simply staring, and Calla floundered again. "Come on, Draco," she simpered. "It's Christmas, at least let her pretend this one might."He frowned, and for a second looked like he might press her further on the matter. But then he just shrugged. "If you say so."Calla breathed a small sigh of relief."I've got something to show you all," Malfoy drawled, getting up. "My father sent it to me, it'll give you a laugh, I'll go and get it."He disappeared off and Harry, Ron, Padma and Calla exchanges nervous glances, all wondering what on Earth Malfoy might find funny to show to them. He returned a moment later, holding what Calla thought looked like a newspaper cutting, perhaps from the Daily Prophet.Malfoy tossed it under a surprised Ron's nose. His eyes widened in shock, as did Harry's when it was passed to him. Calla read over his shoulder, stomach turning.It was indeed from the Daily Prophet, and the headline read: 'ENQUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC'.Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, was today fined fifty galleons for bewitching a Muggle car. Mr Lucius Malfoy, a governor of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where the enchanted car crashed earlier this year, called today for Mr Weasley's resignation.Calla's stomach twisted horribly.'Weasley has brought the Ministry into disrepute,' Mr Malfoy told our reporter. 'He is clearly unfit to draw up our laws and his ridiculous Muggle Protection Act should be scrapped immediately.'Mr Weasley was unavailable for comment, although his wife told reporters to clear off or she'd set the family ghoul on them.Calla couldn't even quite bring herself to smile at the image of Mrs Weasley dressing down the Daily Prophet reporters who came nosing about. She gave a weak, half-hearted chuckle. Ron sat in a stunned, furious sort of silence."Well?" Malfoy said in an impatient tone, staring at Harry. "Don't you think it's funny, Goyle?"Harry gave a bleak, unconvincing chuckle."Arthur Weasley does love his muggles, doesn't he?" Malfoy drawled. "I reckon if he loves them so much, he ought to snap his wand in half and go join them. From the way those Weasleys behave, you'd never know they were pure-bloods." Malfoy paused and Calla followed his eyes to Ron, whose Crabbe face was contorted by barely concealed fury. She tried to send him a look to tell him to calm down, but Ron didn't seem to notice him. "What's wrong with you?" Malfoy asked him, looking down his nose."Stomach ache," Ron said with a groan."Get yourself to the Hospital Wing the," Malfoy snapped. "And give those Mudbloods a kick for me on the way past." Fury flared in Calla's chest at his words. She caught Padma's eye and knew that she was thinking the same. But Malfoy continued on. "I'm surprised the Daily Prophet hasn't reported on the attacks yet. Dumbledore must be trying to hush it all up, but I bet he'll be sacked if it doesn't all stop soon. Father always says that Dumbledore's the worst thing ever to happen to Hogwarts. He loves Muggle-borne, can't think why; a decent Headmaster would never let slime like that little Creevey boy in."Calla tightened her hands into fists as Malfoy began a very poor and cruel imitation of Colin. An image of him lying on the floor that night flashed into her head and she shuddered at the memory, nausea creeping into her throat. "Potter, can I have your autograph, Potter? Oh, Potter, can I have your picture? Oh, please, Potter, please, can I lick your shoes, Potter?"It was all Calla could do not to lash out and hit him for that. He stopped abruptly and stared around. "What's the matter with all of you? Don't tell me Greengrass is still getting to you, Pansy."Calla startled at his words and stared at Malfoy. "What?"He rolled his eyes. "Merlin, you really are distracted by something." His gaze softened. "Look," he said in a quieter voice, "I know the two of you used to be close, but she's proved she's not one of us anymore and it's clear she doesn't want to be, either. Besides," he said, "we're too good for people like her who won't even stick by pure blood. I just feel sorry for the little sister." He shook his head. "She's been digging about for information, Daphne not Astoria. Suppose she's working with Potter - Saint Potter, the mudbloods' friend!" He let out a laugh that sounded more like a cackle. "Imagine, people think he's Slytherin's heir!"Calla sat up straight and exchanged a subtly excited glance with Padma. This was what they had come here for."I wish I knew who it is," Malfoy went on in a whine, "then I might be able to help them."He didn't notice Ron's mouth dropping open in surprise. Calla gave Harry a look to say she'd suspected as much. "You must have some idea who's behind it, though," Harry said quickly."How many times, Goyle? You know I haven't a clue. Father won't tell me anything about the last time it was opened either. Of course, it was before his time, but he still knows all about it. Apparently it was all kept quiet and it'll look suspicious, you know, if I happen to know too much about it all. But I do know one thing. The last time that the Chamber was opened, a Mudblood died. It's only a matter of time before hat happens again." A disgusting smile spread over his face. "As for me? I hope it's Granger."Furious, Calla shot to her feet, not totally certain what she was about to do. Malfoy stared up at her and she shuddered. "What's wrong with you?""Just - Granger," she said weakly. "You know she hangs about with Greengrass and everybody too." Malfoy still stared perplexed. "Sorry, Draco. You know, this is all just getting to me." She put on her best clamour for sympathy and sat down slowly.A bit tremulously, Harry asked, "Do you know what happened to whoever opened it last time?""Oh, yeah," Malfoy said, though Calla could feel him still staring at her. "Whoever it was was expelled. I suspect they'll still be in Azkaban.""Azkaban?" Harry asked, frowning."The wizard prison," Malfoy said, looking at him with an expression of disbelief. "Honestly, Goyle, any slower and you'd be going backwards." He shifted before he said, "Father says I ought to keep my head down and let the Heir get on with the job. The school needs ridding of Mudbloods, after all." He sniffed haughtily. "Of course, you know father has a lot on his plate at the moment. The Ministry of Magic raised the manor last week," he said to Calla, who blinked once before schooling her face into an expression of worry."They didn't find anything, did they?" she asked in as Pansy-like a voice as she could."Not much, luckily. Father has some very valuable Dark Arts stuff, as you know, Pansy, but luckily we've got that secret chamber, you know, under the drawing room floor."Ron let out a yell of what might have been triumph, before doubling over and trying to pass it off as pain. He flushed, but as he did, the tips of his ears turned red, too, as did his hair. His nose lengthened too, and Padma's hair was turning from brown to black. Calla had no doubt she and Harry were changing back to.They jumped up to their feet. "Need some medicine," Ron grunted. "For my stomach.""I'd better make sure they find the Hospital Wing," Calla said quickly. "Oafs could get lost in two steps." Malfoy wrinkled his nose but didn't say anything as they quickly exited the room, Padma following closely behind. They dashed the whole way back to Myrtle's bathroom, collapsing inside the door and tripping over their robes."At least that wasn't a complete risk of time," Ron said, as Padma shut the bathroom door. "We don't know who's behind the attacks, but I'm going to write Dad first thing tomorrow and tell him to check under the floor in the Malfoy's drawing room." He grinned triumphantly."And it looks like the Slytherin ranks aren't as tight as we might think," Padma added darkly. "You saw they don't care much for Tracey. She's a halfblood and I'd be willing to bet they don't treat Lily Moon much better - they're the two thatare always hanging around together, aren't they?"Calla nodded, but she had something else on her mind. What Malfoy has said about Daphne, how she was clearly with them, and that she was lookin for information out of them. If the Slytherins could see it, she thought perhaps she should have seen it too. But she didn't voice that opinion, as just as that moment Ron started hammering on Hermione's cubicle door."Hermione, we've got loads to tell you!" he was shouting.Her voice squeaked back, "Go away!"The four looked at each other, perplexed. "What's wrong?" Padma asked. "You ought to be back to normal by now, right? It's been an hour..."Moaning Myrtle glided through the door of the cubicle with a gleeful expression and a sharp, excited look in her eye. She looked like she actually knew it was Christmas, face lit up in mirth. "Just wait till you see," she said, swooping to Calla's side. "Oh, it's just awful!"The lock slid back and out came a sobbing Hermione, with her robes pulled up over her head."What's up?" Ron asked in a wary, almost uncertain sort of voice. "You've not still got Bulstrode's nose, have you?"Her robes fell away and Calla tried not to gasp. Ron, on the other hand had no such subtlety and merely stared, backing harshly into the sink. Hermione's face was not that of Millicent Bulstrode's, Not was it her own, but instead was covered in black fur, with yellow eyes and long, pointed ears that poked out through her hair."It was c-c-Cat hair!" Hermione howled. "She must have a Cat, and - and-""The Potion isn't meant to be used for animal transformation." Calla pulled a face of sympathy."Oh no," Ron said."You'll be teased something dreadful!" Myrtle cackled, swooping around."It's okay," Harry said quickly. "We can take you to the Hospital wing, Madam Pomfrey doesn't ask a whole lot of questions...""Yeah!" Padma agreed. "She'll fix you up as soon as she and no one will ever have to know!"Still it took a long time to convince Hermione to go out of the bathroom and begin making her way to the Hospital Wing with them.Myrtle followed them along, still cackling and jeering. "Wait till everyone finds out you've got a tail!"

It was several weeks before Hermione was allowed out of the Hospital Wing, a time during which a handful of exciting things happened. There were, of course, many rumours about why she'd been taken to the Hospital Wing in the first place, the most popular of which the belief that she had been the Heir of Slytherin's latest victim. In the first few days back after the holidays, so many people went past trying to sneak a glance at her that Madam Pomfrey eventually brought out her curtains and placed them around Hermione's bed like a sort of shield, to stop anyone being nosy and getting a look at her furry face.Calla, Harry, Ron and Padma went to visit her every chance they got, and she insisted that they bring her homework so that she didn't fall behind. Calla and Ron agreed that she was mental, and if they had ended up half-cat then they would absolutely take the opportunity to get out of doing work for school. Hermione had also received a get-well note from Professor Lockhart, which Padma had found vaguely exciting, Calla had thought hilarious, and which Harry and Ron were both rather disgusted by.Calla's special lessons continued as normal. She'd met with Dumbledore once and barely done anything except practice clearing her mind. Whether this was the normal way to go when doing a form of Occlumency, or whether Dumbledore simply didn't think that she was up to anything more magically advanced, she didn't know, but she continued without much complaining. Snape had been mentioned as a potential tutor, and she didn't want to do anything that made Dumbledore actually enlist his help on the matter. Trelawney, she realised, was rather eccentric and liked to predict that she was in significant danger. She took her comments about her life's path being a 'dead end' a little less to heart after that realisation, but regardless she felt there had to be some truth and integrity to Trelawney's predictions, else Dumbledore would never have hired her, or suggested her to help Calla with her own Seeing. She was still on tea leaves, and struggled to find anything she could truly analyse - though Trelawney often saved her the trouble be saying she'd be involved in a terrible cave-in, or something similar - but in her mind it was at least still better than having so many unexpected visions, which had dwindled away slightly. She hadn't failed to notice, too, that there hadn't been any more attacks since the one on Justin and Nick.But perhaps the most exciting of the few exciting things, to Calla at least, was that Daphne was actually talking to Padma. Civilly. Without fighting.It had occurred the last day of the holidays, when Daphne had appeared in their dorm room and sat down on the edge of her bed, next to Calla's. There had been a short, awkward silence, before Daphne said, "I know you snuck into the Slytherin common room."Calla had stuttered over an explanation, but Padma didn't seem to care about that. "Yes, we did." She fixed Daphne with a cool gaze. "And what's it to you?"Daphne had shrugged. "I just want to know how you did it, is all. I know why, of course I do - tell me, did it occur to you that it wasn't the best idea to ask Draco as Crabbe, Goyle, Davis and Pansy of all people? She wasn't even there over the holidays, you had to know that would raise a few eyebrows. Draco's written her already wanting to know why she left so abruptly and she has no idea what's going on, I just heard from her." She sighed. "I get you don't like me. Can I just explain what's going on?"Maybe Padma would have said no, once upon a time, but although they hadn't spoken about it properly, Calla knew Padma had picked up on the same thing as she had. Malfoy thought it was clear Daphne had sided with them, that she was digging for information, and that Pansy was upset. That maybe Pansy even missed her friend. So Padma said, "Go for it."Taking a deep breath, Daphne began. "I know that maybe I went about things in the wrong way. I wanted to know who the Heir was. My parents told me what happened the last time and I... I didn't want that to happen again. So I asked around, spoke to the Slytherins, and I wanted to stay friends with you guys, but, I don't know... I couldn't. It was hard to juggle knowing you all would never get along, and soon enough you had all turned against me anyway. Pansy was my best friend for eleven years before I came to Hogwarts." Her breath shook a little. "She was like a sister to Astoria and me. It was really hard, finding my own place and my own friends, while remaining friends with her. You already know what went on last year - my parents were upset about me not being in Slytherin, about befriending the people I did. Pansy was, too. We both felt like we were slipping away from each other, and I don't know, I think we both said things we regretted. But I realised that, yeah, Pansy's been my best friend for years. But you two are my best friends now, as well. So... I guess what I'm saying is, can we put this behind us? I'm covering for you guys to Pansy. Draco's still furious with me for it all, honestly I don't care about him that much. But it's still kind of hard to push away my past, and honestly? I don't really want to push it all away. Pansy can be a bitch, yeah, but she's like family." She smiled weakly. "But you guys are my best friends, too."And all of a sudden, Padma had lunged forward and tackled Daphne in a hug that Calla didn't think any of them had been expecting. In an instant, Calla had joined in, too, and they were huddled together, laughing in a hug.It didn't fix everything, not entirely. It didn't stop the hard feelings of her accusations of Hagrid, or her suspicions of Calla, or how shed barely given them an explanation up until then, but it was a start. And everything needed to have a start somewhere.Calla, Padma and Daphne had been in the library with Terry and Sue, looking over their Herbology notes together on an afternoon when Ron and Harry had been to visit Hermione. That hadn't been a particularly exciting study session, but it was what happened when she, Padma and Daphne were on their way back downstairs that shook her.Harry was coming up the other way, not with Ron but rather on his own. "I thought I might find you near the library," he said, grinning. His smile faltered as he saw Daphne - the Gryffindors still hadn't quite made up with her, and she hadn't seen Hermione in the Hospital Wing at all - but soon returned. "Can I talk to you?"Padma and Daphne looked wary - they were still a bit on alert after the attacks - but Calla nodded them on and she and Harry turned around, heading into a deserted, dust-filled classroom."Look," he said, and drew out a small, black leather diary from his pocket. "It's a diary.""I can see that," Calla said, taking it from him quickly. She turned it over, and felt a very strange sensation indeed. The tips of her fingers tingled slightly, and a familiar feeling went though the scar on her forehead, just the same as it had that night in the forest when she had had the first of her visions. A pair of yellow eyes glowed in her mind's eye and she blinked it away, shaken. "Where did you even get this thing?" It didn't look exciting or magical enough to be from Diagon Alley or bought anywhere from the Wizarding World, and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had never given them money to get things of their own, and Uncle Moony no doubt knew that Harry had no idea how to use a diary, and would never organise even if his life depended on it.He gave her a quick rundown of events - they'd gone into Moaning Myrtle's bathroom because Filch had been yelling about a mess, the corridor outside was half-flooded, Myrtle had been wailing, someone had thrown a diary at her while she was thinking about death, and they'd found the diary. Ron had thought it was dangerous (Calla thought that was fairly rational) and told him a story about someone from Limerick. But the name on the diary was important: Ron said it belonged to the same Tom Riddle who's name he'd polished on a trophy and who had been awarded a medal for special services to the school fifty years ago.Calla's stomach twisted at that. Harry hadn't seemed to think anything in particular of that timing, but Calla did. "Fifty years ago, you said?"She flicked through the pages. They were blank, and though they were still wet, they remained as white as if they were brand new, not fifty years old and yellowed. Recognition seemed to dawn in Harry's face. "When the chamber was opened the first time around?"Calla nodded grimly. "Harry, I know it seems like an awful lot of coincidence, but you don't think... I don't know, they must be linked somehow? What if Riddle got the award for catching the Heir?"Harry frowned. "I dunno. It's possible, but it is a bit of a coincidence. I just don't get why someone would want t chuck it away."Calla shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine. Look, just hold off doing anything just now until Hermione's back on form. She'll have an idea, I'm sure.""Suppose you're right," Harry said. He leaned against a table. "So, you and Padma have made up with Daphne, I guess?"She nodded. "It's complicated, but we've sorted things. She's just not sure what she feels at the moment, and she's still friends with Pansy and her old family friends, you know, but she's friends with us too, and she knows she's gone about things in a weird way and it's hurt us. So we're trying to make things better." The next part she hesitated to say, but felt it had to be said. "She doesn't think Ron would want to be friends with her again."Harry blinked, and looked indignant, but fell back after a moment. "You might be right," he admitted. "But if you guys have made up with her, that's good enough with me, and Hermione will be fine I'm sure. It's just... Weird."Calla tilted her head. "How?" Her brother blinked confusedly. "How's it weird?" She narrowed her eyes, holding back a laugh. "Emotions?""No," Harry retorted. "It's just... Confusing. I don't get why it's been such an issue, if it's as simple as you say."Calla shook her head with a laugh. "Yeah, I know."Hermione had come to much the same conclusion as Calla did once they told her about the diary, as did Padma and Daphne. All of them thought it was best to leave the diary for the time being, until they knew what it did - or, perhaps more importantly, why someone had been so desperate to get rid of it.But they were distracted by the diary anyway, as on the 14th of February - Valentine's Day - Calla was greeted by a shrill cry from Lisa's bed, where she waved a pink, heart-shaped card around in the air. At first, she bolted upright, but when Lisa declared - "It's from Michael!" she merely sighed, flopped down on her bed and shut her eyes again. She didn't have to get up for ten more minutes yet, and she quite frankly refused to get up out of bed any earlier than was strictly necessary."Come on, Calla," Padma shook her awake a few minutes later. "We'd better get ready."With a scowl, Calla got up, getting dressed with the other girls while Lisa continued to fawn over the card from Michael. It was quite sweet, Calla supposed, but she was still tired.The day only got worse when Calla traipsed into the Great Hall, still half-asleep, to find it decked out in pink and red with ribbons and heart-shaped balloons, complete with pink flowers. She rubbed her eyes, wondering if this was a nightmare or a really, really terrible vision of the future."What," Daphne said, by her side, "is. This.""This is Hell," said Isobel McDougal, staring. "What the-""Oh, look!" Padma cried, distracting them momentarily. "Oh, look, Lockhart's decked out in pink, oh, I bet he's behind it!" She turned to the other girls, practically swooning. "It's so romantic!""Are you okay?" Isobel asked, looking deeply concerned for Padma's welfare.But Lisa, Mandy and Sue were all cooing too as they made their way over to the Ravenclaw table. Michael looked about as red as the decorations, though Anthony smiled and greeted them quite chipperly. Terry was more pre-occupied with his bacon, one the few luridly pink food items that was meant to at least be a bit pink."Isn't this wonderful?" Mandy sighed, sitting down opposite Terry. "They've done a brilliant job."Terry glanced up. "Yeah, bacon's fantastic today, good on the house elves."Isobel snorted with laughter, earning her a jab in the side from Lisa. "I loved my card Michael," Lisa said sweetly, curling a strand of hair around her finger. "It was so sweet."Michael went even redder. "Yeah," he said quietly. "Um, I'm glad you like it."He was prevented from any further comments about the card by none other than Lockhart himself, who had stepped up to the podium. "Greetings, students," he said, beaming. Calla glared. "What a fine Valentine's Day it is! I thought, with all this dreadful Dark business behind us-""Justin and that Gryffindor kid are still in the Hospital Wing-" Isobel hissed furiously."-We ought to have a bit fun to cheer us all up, eh? And what better day than today: Valentine's Day." Calla couldn't do much other than stare. "First of all, a lovely thank you to all of you who sent me wonderful Valentine's Day cards today they are all much appreciated." Calla felt a bit sick. She heard Isobel whisper to Mandy that if she'd sent a card to Lockhart, she'd never speak to her again. "Now, I've put together some special celebrations for you all!" She wondered how many of those celebrations involved his face. "Throughout the day, my delivery dwarves will be sending kiss-o-grams to your fellow students, so if you have a message to send to that special someone, take advantage of this opportunity and let the dwarves speak for you."Oh, well that's a brilliant idea," Daphne scoffed. "I can't think of anything more romantic than a dwarf."At that moment, Lockhart clapped his hands and the Great Hall doors opened. A whole horde of dumpy, grumpy-looking creatures stomped in, with little pairs of wings attached to their backs and wielding little gold cupid bows. Michael looked stunned and Calla couldn't blame him."And the fun doesn't stop there," Lockhart was continuing, much to Calla's annoyance. "I'm sure my colleagues will all be more than happy to join in the festivities. Why not ask Professor Flitwick to teach you an Entrancing Enchantment, or ask Professor Snape how to whip up the perfect Love Potion."Snape's face was set in stone fury and he looked as though the first person to ask him how to 'whip up the perfect love potion' would sooner have poison down their throat. "I kind of want to ask Snape," Daphne said hushedly, eyes glinting mischievously. "I want to know what he'd do."Calla and Padma both stared at her. "Don't," they said at the same time.For the entire rest of the day, dwarves were barging into classrooms to deliver Valentines. Michael was sent one that had him turned bright red, and he was clearly embarrassed. Lisa smiled the whole time, seeming very excited by the whole thing."If someone sends me one of those, I'll throttle them," Isobel said darkly.It was when they were making their way up to the Charms class they shared with Gryffindor, that a dwarf barged past Calla, running forward to where her brother was already moving with Ron and Hermione. Calla bit back a laugh, hurrying forward to get a look as the dwarf yelled out Harry's name.He tried escaping, but that was fruitless. The dwarf grabbed ahold of Harry's bag, yanking him back. Calla stared on in a strange mix of horror and amusement."Let me go!" Harry snarled.The bag split into, as all of his School things spilled out onto the floor, and his glass ink bottle smashed all over his books, parchment and quill.Harry scrambled around to Calla's amusement, trying to pick everything up as the dwarf clears dhis thought loudly.Draco Malfoy strolled past amusedly. "What's going on here?" he drawled, as Harry picked up the pace trying to pack away all of his things."What's this commotion all about?" asked a bemused Percy Weasley.Harry tried to bolt, but the drawn was faster ad grabbed Harry around the knees. He went crashing to the floor and Calla winced in horror as her brother was held down by the ankles."Right," the dwarf said grumpily. "Here is your singing Valentine."Calla tried not to laugh for her brother's sake."His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad,"His hair is as dark as a blackboard.I wish he was mine, he's really divine,The hero who conquered the Dark Lord."The crowd burst into laughter, and Calla had to bite her lip to hold back her own laugh. Harry's face was bright red as he got up, laughing feebly and very unconvincingly. Percy Weasley tried to hurry the crowd along, declaring that they were already late for class, and they all went off grumbling, shooed away.But Malfoy hadn't moved. He stooped down to snatch up something lying on the floor, and Calla peered over, making out Riddle's diary. Her insides froze; something told her that Malfoy really, really shouldn't be holding that."Give that back," said Harry in a low voice."I wonder what Potter'd been writing in this?" Malfoy laughed, clearly thinking it was Harry's. Ginny stared in horror between the diary and Harry, looking terrified."Hand it over, Malfoy," said Percy in a stern voice."I think I'll have a look at it first," Malfoy said, taunting Harry as he waved the diary about in the air, grinning smugly."As a School Prefect-" began Percy furiously, only to be cut off by Harry."Expelliarmus!" he shouted, and the diary shot from Malfoy's grip through the air. Both Ron and Calla moved to catch it, Ron grabbing ahold with a triumphant grin."No magic in the corridors!" Percy insisted. "This will have to be reported!"Harry clearly didn't care though, grinning at the furious expression on Malfoy's face. Calla grinned too, quite pleased to see her brother get one over on the Slytherin.But as Ginny Weasley passed Malfoy on the way into her classroom, he shouted nastily, "I don't think Potter much appreciated that little Valentine of yours!"Ginny flushed bright red and covered her face with her hands, running into her class. Calla felt a twinge of sympathy for the girl, and glared at Malfoy jut as Ron pulled out his wand, with a furious snarl. She and Harry pulled him away, with Daphne, Hermione and Padma trailing after them."Don't you think it's strange," Calla hissed when Flitwick was out of earshot in Charms, "that the diary isn't affected by your ink?"Harry was trying to salvage what he could of his books, but he turned to stare at her. "What do you mean?""The diary," she said plainly. "I thought it was weird at first anyway, since it's an old notebook, and well, the pages were as white as if they'd first been printed."Hermione stared over Calla's shoulder and gasped. "You know, she's right, Harry! The diary doesn't seem to have been affected at all!""And the pages are still smooth, too," Padma pointed out. "But it was soaking wet when you found it, wasn't it?"Harry stared, eyes wide, like he was just considering this for He first time. "Yeah..." he said slowly. "You're right.""There must be some sort of charm on it," Hermione said, eyes darting to Flitwick. "But what... There are loads of protective charms, but how can you protect paper from aging?""Let me see," Calla whispered, feeling the same strange tingling sensation she had the first time that she'd held the diary. She flipped through the pages again, but wasn't sure what she'd expected. There was no new writing, no messages. "Bit of a useless diary," she said, settling it down. She was trembling and didn't know why. Her grip tightened on her wand. "Set it aside, Harry, just... Try and salvage your Potions textbook. Merlin knows you need it."Harry looked offended, but Calla disregarded it as she slid the diary away, still feeling uneasy. Flitwick looked back their way and she tried to concentrate on making a teacup dance, but after five ineffective tries, two of which involved the teacup shattering and having to be put back together by Hermione, she was all too thankful for the bell ringing and letting them out of class."I want to look at this more," Harry said to Calla as they left, waving the diary about. She pushed his arm down."Don't wave it about like that," she scolded as they made their way to the Great Hall for dinner. "It could be dangerous.""It's just a diary," Harry said, but even then he didn't seem particularly convinced.She sighed. She did hate to be the voice of reason, but her brother so rarely stepped up. "It's pretty useless as far as diaries go," she said in a hushed voice a bit away from the others. "But that doesn't mean it's only use is a diary. What if it's... Dark. Just disguised as a diary?""I dunno," Harry said, frowning. "If it was dangerous, don't you think it would have, I dunno, sprouted devil horns or something by now.""Yes, because that would be sensible," Calla snapped. "All cursed objects must have devil horns." Her brother just stared at her, and she sighed. Maybe it was all nothing, but if she couldn't mention her scar to Harry, who could she mention it to? "It makes my scar hurt, Harry."At that, his eyes widened, and his face paled. "It what?""It makes it... Well, maybe hurt isn't totally the right word, but it is a bit painful, and it's an uncomfortable sort of tingle. A bit like pins and needles." She shrugged. "I don't know if it means anything.""It might," Harry said in a low voice. "You don't think it's connected to... Him.""I don't know. It's Tom Riddle's, he got an award for services to the school and I can't imagine him having any ties to You-Know-Who, can you? Dumbledore wouldn't allow it to happen." But then, Calla thought, he'd let this all happen.Harry was staring at the diary like he'd never seen it before. "In that case, we have to investigate it. If it does have a tie to Voldemort-" Calla shuddered "-then we have to know for sure." He pursed his lips. "And if your scar's hurting, we have to tell Uncle Moony.""Not just now," Calla said. "It's almost the moon.""Dumbledore, then," Harry countered. "He'll know what to do." Calla found she didn't quite believe that, but nodded anyway."It's only when I'm with the diary," she said. "I mean, it twinges occasionally, but it's not sore. I can barely feel it, it's just like a background pain, like when we were little." She shrugged. "It hurts less since we came here anyway, but I don't know if that's because it's manifesting itself in other ways. But the point is, we can't tell him about my scar without telling him about the diary."And she knew Harry didn't want to tell Dumbledore about the diary. Not until he'd figured it out for himself. Her brother shifted uncomfortably. "We'll write Uncle Moony later, then," he said. "But if you're with Dumbledore again and he asks anything about your scar, then I think you should tell him.""I will," Calla promised, but she wasn't honestly sure that she would.Her visions returned that night. It was strange - they usually came to her while she was conscious and made her black out, but this was while she was already dreaming.She dreamt that she was in a forest of some kind, with dense, dark trees. The moon was bright above her, but on the ground it had very little effect. There was a groaning by her, a roaring car engine, and the scuttling of tiny insect legs. Her stomach plummeted as she looked down, seeing hundreds of tiny spiders crawling up her leg, and looked up, screaming, just in time to see one giant one watching over them, cackling.The vision changed. There was a mirror smashed on a floor, and the sound of distant shrieking. She tried to move around a corner to see, but she couldn't, couldn't move her legs. A distinct hissing came from the wall beside her, and a word echoed in her mind."Kill."She bolted upright in her bed, shaking. Someone... Someone else had been killed. No. She shook her head, breath hitching. It didn't feel right, it didn't feel like the right one. This vision was of a more distant future, she could tell in a way that she didn't know how. It just didn't feel like it was happening especially soon.But any other attack would be too soon. The mirror confused her though. Smashed on the ground, destroyed by something. The monster? Why would the mirror be significant anyway?She rolled over in her bed, casting a weak, "Lumos," spell. It was even weaker than it usually would have been, but she put that down to still being half-asleep, exhausted, and nervous. From her drawer she withdrew a notebook she'd picked up in Diagon Alley, and flicked to a free page where she could jot down what she'd just seen.Spiders, crawling up her leg in a forest - the forbidden forest? She didn't know. It could have been. It felt like it made sense. And the great spider, massive, that stood over her - what could that be? She wasn't as knowledgeable about magical beasts as perhaps she should have been, especially considering the fact that a monster was roaming around Hogwarts; and it seemed, would be back soon to strike again.The second vision bothered her the most. Someone else was going to be attacked soon, but she had nothing to go off of other than that they'd be a muggleborn, probably, and likely had a mirror with them. She hadn't even recognised the corridor, to warn people away from it. But the hissing... It sounded like a snake. That would make sense with the voices Harry had heard, she realised, but what type of snake could Petrify people? There hadn't been any bites on Colin's body through which venom could have entered, and if someone was suffocated by the likes of a cobra, they would have noticed. And they wouldn't have been petrified.She slumped back into her pillow, closing the notebook and shoving it back in its drawer. Everyone else in the dorm was still snoring softly, but Calla wasn't sure she could trust herself with going back to sleep now, after what she'd just seen.Despite what they'd agreed, Harry had found himself reading the diary anyway, it seemed. He ran over to Calla in the Great Hall the moment she went to sit down at the Ravenclaw Table, dragging her outside to tell her. She'd just barely managed to grab herself a bit of toast to eat, and was still exhausted from the night before."Harry, please, I'm too tired," Calla grumbled as they came to a stop outside the Great Hall. "And do you have to drag me away from breakfast, you know you can just talk to me like a normal human being?"He rolled his eyes. "I couldn't tell you in front of everyone. I wrote in the diary."Calla's stomach plummeted. None of this was a good sign, and it simply spelled disaster to her. "You. Wrote in it.""Yeah." He shuffled uncomfortably under her gaze. "I know you didn't think it was a good idea, but... Well, it was like Tom Riddle was speaking to me, he was writing back." She couldn't bring herself to do anything except stare."And what did he say?""He showed me what happened," he said. "Riddle got the award for catching the Heir, and-" He lowered his voice. "Daphne was right. It is Hagrid.""Don't be ridiculous," Calla scoffed, still feeling uncomfortable. Yes, Hagrid did have a rather unhealthy obsession with dangerous creatures but he wouldn't do anything to hurt innocent people on purpose. "We've already put this theory down.""I think you should see for yourself." He tugged the diary from his bag. "See, Cal, I just aske dhim to show me and it sort of sucked me in and I saw what happened.""There is no way I'm letting that thing suck me in," Calla told him in disgust, taking a large bite of her toast. "Don't be ridiculous. I think my head would burst if I did."Harry sighed. "I kind of thought you might say that, to be honest. Hermione said you wouldn't want to if your scar was hurting just from touching it - she thinks it might be a Dark object, too."It took a moment for that to set in. "You told Hermione about my scar hurting." It wasn't a question, more a very harsh, very furious statement. Harry looked at her in surprise."What? You would have told her anyway, right?""No!" Calla said indignantly. "I didn't want to tell anyone except you, because you're the only person who gets it!" She hadn't realised it annoyed her as much as it did until she started to talk. "Hermione doesn't understand and I love her to bits, but she doesn't! And I'm very glad about that fact, because I wouldn't wish it on anyone but, seriously, Harry? It's my place to tell people, not yours!" She huffed. "I haven't even told Padma, or Daphne, though I suppose you'll have told Ron?" He nodded sheepishly, hand on the back of his head."Yeah, but-""But you shouldn't have! I didn't say you could and if I wanted them to know, I would have told them myself! I guess half of Hogwarts'll know by tomorrow!""They won't tell anyone," Harry assured her hastily."I didn't think you would either!" She glared and turned on her heel, eating her toast aggressively. She'd wanted to tell her brother about last night's visions but now she couldn't bring herself to do so, not with knowing he wouldn't keep it entirely to himself. And she was angry, too, and too petty to go back on that now.Instead she marched furiously back to the Ravenclaw table and sat down, still munching on her toast with more force than was needed. She was well aware of the curious glances she was getting, but she didn't care. Harry shuffled awkwardly into a space at the Gryffindor table between Hermione and Ron, who quickly started interrogating him."What's going on?" Padma asked her, and she shook her head, groaning."Don't ask," was her only reply, as she reached for the teapot.

Calla had been in a foul mood with him for the whole rest of the day. Harry has trudged through his classes, and she adamantly avoided his gaze during Charms, opting to swap places with Padma and sit by Daphne instead. He didn't want to tell her that it annoyed him, but it did, and what was worse he could see her point.Maybe he shouldn't have told Ron and Hermione himself, but he had honestly thought that she would tell them anyway, and that Padma would know, if not Daphne. Clearly though, he'd realised in Charms when he looked along at them, they were thick as thieves again.He'd mulled the events seen in the diary over for quite some time before taking it to Ron and Hermione. "So then Daphne was right?" Ron had asked, incredulous and looking like he'd rather eat a bogey bean than admit that."Of course not, Ron," Hermione had replied, shaking her head. "We've been over this, it's clear that Hagrid would never do anything to endanger a student." She frowned. "He definitely wouldn't do it on purpose!""Yeah, well, he does have a bit of a history of beinginf mad, hairy creatures into Hogwarts. Don't you remember Fluffy?" They all shuddered at the memory. "What do you reckon the monster was?""I don't know," Harry'd said honestly, wishing he could have had Calla there with them to give her theory and input, or even Padma or Daphne. The two of them had obviously sided with Calla in the matter, which he wasn't surprised at - he'd have hoped Ron and Hermione would support - but it bothered him all the same. He hadn't told Uncle Remus what had happened, even though Calla probably had. He didn't want a lecture. "Whatever it was," he'd continued, "it had loads of legs. Way too many legs."Harry was half beginning to wish he'd never opened the diary in the first place, or found it. While Calla wasn't really talking to him, he was constantly pestered by Ron and Hermione to recount all of the details of his venture into the diary, and was honestly beginning to get a bit sick of it all."We don't even know Riddle got the right person," Hermione had pointed out a few days after he'd entered the diary. "I mean, it could have been another monster.""How many monsters do you really think this place can hold, Hermione?" Ron had retaliated. Both had looked at him for input, but Harry wasn't much feeling like discussing it."Harry?" Hermione asked timidly. "You've been awfully quiet.""Just coming down with something," Harry said. Oliver Wood, who happened to be passing, stopped in his tracks."You can't be coming down with something, Potter," he said urgently. "We need you on fighting form for the match against Hufflepuff!" Never mind that the match was ages away yet, Wood ordered Harry straight to his bed to rest, though he couldn't get an awful lot of that. He laid up, restless, wondering what Calla might have said about the diary if he hadn't told Ron and Hermione about her scar.She was being silly about it, he'd tried to convince himself. He told Ron and Hermione everything. But she didn't, nagged a voice at the back of his head. He wished the voice would shut up, but voices in the back of the head so rarely listen to their owners, and this one didn't seem to even know that he'd spoken.He'd been laying there for a while before there came an insistent pecking at the window. Huffing, he sat up and crossed to the window, letting in a greying owl. In its claws was held an envelope in Uncle Remus' familiar handwriting and he groaned, just waiting for the written lecture that was sure to come.To Harry, it read.Your sister wrote me in quite a tizzy the other day. She says her scar's been hurting because of some diary you've picked up, and she's worried it's a Dark artefact and might be dangerous. I'd be lying if I didn't think that was a possibility. I know you may think you know what you're doing - your father and I were the same at your age - but please, please be careful and don't do anything rash like last year. I unfortunately can not make it to the Gryffindor-Hufflepuff Quidditch match but will write soon - and you ought to write to me too, don't think I haven't realised your letters are less frequent lately - and hopefully I can make it to the Ravenclaw match.All my love,RemusIt was better than Harry had expected, in honesty. At least he didn't have a lecture, and to his surprise it didn't even seem like Calla had told him about what Harry had let slip to Ron and Hermione. A little comforted by that, though he wasn't sure why, Harry smiled. Laying the letter on his bedside table, he got changed and ready for bed and lay down, slowly drifting off as the other boys trickled in to the dorm.XUncle Moony had written quite promptly back to Calla about her scar hurting, saying that he'd looked into a bit and thought that it definitely had a connection to Dark magic and that she should stay away from it as much as she could, and tell her brother to leave it alone too. He urged her to be careful, which was expected even if Calla knew she couldn't guarantee that she or Harry would be. Mostly Harry. She still wasn't talking to him, not until he apologised. Daphne had been quick to assure her that she was completely in the right about the situation but she wasn't certain. Maybe she shouldn't have blown up so quickly, but her brother had absolutely no right to tell Ron and Hermione about her scar hurting and she wanted him to apologise first, petty as it might have been. She reckoned she had a right to be petty.At breakfast the morning after she'd gotten her reply, Daphne was pouring over a book about how Dark magic could affect curse scars - how she got it, Calla didn't know, and she didn't ask either - and Padma was rereading Lockhart's 'Magical Me'. She was moping into her cereal, listening in vaguely to Isobel's argument with Terry over the correct uses of dragon blood.Calla didn't actually notice that Harry was trying to talk to her until Lisa hissed along the table, "Potter, your brother's here."She'd turned around abruptly, and once she got over her surprise she fixed him with her best glare. "Yes?"Daphne glanced up, and Calla noticed her small grin. Waiting to see what happened."Uh, I just wanted to say I'm sorry. For what I said to Ron and Hermione."Calla raised her eyebrows. "Really?" she asked coolly."I got a letter from Uncle Moony last night," he said in a lower voice."Me too."Harry looked at her in confusion. "I'm going to get rid of it," he said, voice lower still. "The diary, I mean. If it's really bothering you."Calla shrugged. "Okay." She was rather inclined to let him keep talking and trip over his own confusion. "Good. It's probably dangerous.""Yeah." Harry gave an awkward little shrug. "Look, it wasn't my place to tell Ron and Hermione, I get that. I thought you would have told them, but I get that it was your choice to make.""And?""And I'm sorry," Harry said, staring at her.Deciding to put him out of his misery - she was sure Daphne was laughing - she split into a grin. "Good," she said, reaching up to give her brother a short hug. "And make sure you do get rid of the diary, somewhere someone else can't get it. If it is dangerous, we don't want some first year or anyone else stumbling across it by accident.""Got it," Harry said, considerably brighter than he'd been when he'd shown up earlier. "I've got to get back to the table, I'm starving, but I'll see you in class."Calla nodded, sitting down as Harry walked away. Daphne was pouting. "I wish you'd had a proper fight," she said. Padma gave her a very unsubtle glare and Calla laughed a bit uneasily. "Well, it would've been fun. Broken up the monotony a bit.""Yes," Padma said flatly, watching as two fifth years started very loudly yelling about whether or not Chimaeras could make good and loyal pets if raised correctly. It didn't sound like an entirely hypothetical argument, either. "Because Hogwarts is so dull."XFour months had passed since the last attack and the tension that had plagued Hogwarts for so long was dwindling down to near nothing. Harry no longer got suspicious looks in the corridor, and Calla hadn't heard anyone else in Ravenclaw mumbling about how they still couldn't technically rule her out as a suspect.Calla was relaxing a bit about the whole thing, and since Harry had told her gotten rid of the diary and she hadn't seen it again, she'd been able to focus more and her practical magical work was all the better for it. She'd only had one vision recently, and it was a mundane one - Neville smashed a teacup in Trelawney's classroom, which she assumed meant he'd chosen to study Divination in Third Year.Choosing her elective subjects had proven itself as something to take her mind off of the chamber of secrets business. Divination was a given, of course, given she was basically already studying it anyway and would be an easy pass for her. Trelawney has declared that her talents didn't really lie with tea leaves and they'd taken to crystal gazing, which she was much better at in Trelawney's eyes - she'd seen seven different omens of death, which was really just thrilling. Other than the negativity, Calla did see a lot of interesting things, like the fact that she was struggling over decisions and at a crossroads, and that she would soon find a solution to a problem that had bothered her for a while. That that solution, or indeed the problem, was, she didn't know, but it was reassuring.But she still had four other subjects to choose from. Harry only wanted to take two subjects, and she'd persuaded him and their friends to take Divination so she'd have someone to talk to in the class. They were allowed up to three electives - though Hermione, it seemed, wanted to take all five on offer - and Calla didn't know whether to do Care of Magical Creatures, Ancient Runes, Arithmancy or Muggle Studies. Ron and Harry both said it made no sense for her to do Muggle Studies, given that she grew up with them, and she did agree a bit, so that had been crossed off the list.Arithmancy had a lot of ties to Divination, and wasn't very reliant on wandwork, which would suit her well, but she wasn't too keen on Maths. Care of Magical Creatures had no relation to Divination but sounded interesting, with little emphasis on magic spell work, and it was the same with Ancient Runes. She decided to take Care of Magical Creatures because all the others were, and flipped a coin to decide between Ancient Runes and Arithmancy. It didn't help, because she didn't want to take Ancient Runes over Arithmancy and also didn't want to take Arithmancy over Ancient Runes.She'd written to Uncle Moony, but hadn't heard back from him until two days before she was due to inform Professor Flitwick of her choice; he was getting rather agitated about how late she was leaving it."I say you should do Runes," Daphne had told her numerous times. "I don't want to be lonely.""You'll have Hermione," Calla pointed out and Daphne laughed."Yeah, much as I love her, she's not particularly fun as a study buddy. Please, Calla."Padma'd taken Divination, Care of Magical Creatures and Muggle Studies in the end, though she recommended Calla just not opt for either Arithmancy or Ancient Runes. When she'd broached the subject with Ron, he'd replied with, "What do you want to do those subjects for?" and Harry had said they both sounded a bit boring to him, so that had been of little help.In the end, Uncle Moony recommended that she do Ancient Runes, because it would give her mind a much-needed break from Seeing that Arithmancy wouldn't, and was generally viewed as a lot more interesting. Flitwick had squeaked with relief when she'd eventually handed in her marked slip with Ancient Runes elected, the morning it was due in.Her sessions with Trelawney continued in a similar manner as always. She managed to see the vague outline of what she thought might be a broom in the crystal ball, which Trelawney said she would soon be ready to spread her wings and embrace a newfound freedom. Calla thought it meant she'd watch the Gryffindor versus Hufflepuff Quidditch match with the rest of the school.As for the lessons with Dumbledore, she wasn't much further forward. She'd met with him only one a month, so perhaps that was to be expected, but she failed to create the barriers around her mind that Dumbledore insisted upon. After one session where she'd declared that she just couldn't do it and really needed to take a break, Dumbledore had let her go. But her scar was throbbing. She suspected that Dumbledore might know - it felt like he knew everything - but he didn't let on anyway.While she headed back to Ravenclaw Tower, around the corner from the library, she was hit with a sudden wave of pain through her scar which caused her to buckle over, leaning against the wall. A girl's voice - "Where is it?" ringing out. Papers and books strewn over the floor, frantic whispering and muttering, ruined red bedsheets.Her breath caught as she stumbled onwards, regaining her balance, though her mind was already reeling. Her walk turned into a sprint as she hurried onwards to her dormitory, frantically answering the riddle at the door - the novelty of it was really starting to wear off - before scrambling to the notebook by her bed and scribbling down what she'd seen.Someone would be looking for something: a girl.They were making a mess of a room, and it had a lot of beds in it, so likely a Hogwarts dormitory, though she couldn't think which.Paper was everywhere - maybe they were trying to find a letter.It would have been a mundane enough scene - Mandy was always losing things and tearing apart their dormitory to find them when they were right under her nose - but the franticness of the vision told her otherwise. Whatever this person was looking for, it was important.XxAuthor Note/Comment Replies:Hi guys! Just wanted to say thank you all for supporting this story. I've got a sudden burst of creativity that I don't know how long it might last for, but I'm currently working my way through and hopefully updates will remain frequent rather than sporadic as they have been over the past year!Thanks to everyone supporting Calla's story. This chapter is a bit shorter than usual and mostly fillery, transition stuff, but second year will be wrapping up soon, I've got a few chapters already written and two after that to still write before we start moving to third year, which is when things really start to pick up and change. I've got a lot of plot things to figure out before I get into writing that, though, but hopefully we should get to third year by the end of September. I am starting university soon for the first time and so this might affect things but right now my plan is to try and get an update up once a week and hopefully I'll be able to stick with that plan!To Lana: Thank you so much for your comment. Feedback is always super appreciated. Rest assured, Calla will have a lot of struggles before she really gets good at Occlumency, but Dumbledore's already concerned about her visions and her magic which is why he is showing interest now. Hope you enjoyed this update!

Now that most of the school didn't think she and her brother were aspiring murderers, Calla's social life had improved a great deal, though her spellwork less so. Harry has been doing better in class, owing to fact that he was no longer so worried about the Heir of Slytherin, but after a disastrous Potions lesson where her potion blew up in her face the moment she started stirring, splattering even the Hufflepuff Eloise Midgeon, who was two rows in front of her, she began to wonder if she had accidentally broken it like Ron had.She mentioned this to Dumbledore, who took a look at it and decided nothing seemed faulty - and he would know, he was learned in the ways of wandmaking and knew an awful lot about them, particularly elder as he mentioned. So Calla was left puzzled, frantically trying to get her magic to work like it did normally through the wand."Maybe you're just thinking too much," Padma suggested one night in the Common Room, while Calla and Daphne took turns tossing it between each other in the hopes it might trigger a surge of magical energy to right the wand. "If you keep worrying about if it'll work, you'll just get even more frustrated and it won't. You know a watched cauldron never boils.""A watched cauldron explodes in Calla's face," Daphne said, catching her wand deftly. "And that saying doesn't even work in this instance anyway." She twiddled the wand between her fingers, as Padma watched her somewhat warily. "You haven't been in a duel recently, have you, Calla?""Not since the Duelling Club," Calla said, frowning. Justin hadn't done anything to the wand, she knew that - he was too concerned with being supposedly attacked by Harry. "And Justin wasn't very effective at doing anything."Daphne made a "Hmph" sound. "Apparently sometimes if you defeat someone in battle you can take control of their wand. Some people say it's only if you kill them, though, and you don't exactly look dead to me.""Wands are fickle," Padma explained. "I'm not honestly sure either of those are true, but if Dumbledore says nothing's wrong he's probably right, Calla. I wouldn't worry too much, we all have blips.""I have to worry," Calla muttered. "If I fail again this year, I don't know if I'll even get to come back." She didn't say what else she thought - that she'd have been kicked out already if her surname wasn't Potter."Don't say that," Daphne said firmly, handing Calla her wand back. "You won't fail, and no one's going to kick you out just because your wand's being a little bitch." A Prefect glared at Daphne, but she didn't seem very fazed by it, only shook out her blonde hair and added with a smug look, "Not if I have anything to say about it.""Calla can do well on her own merits," Padma said shortly, eyes turned to a glare. "She doesn't need you to whine to Mummy."Daphne blanched for a moment, before recovering. She narrowed her eyes. "For your information, that's what's called a joke. And I don't whine."Padma said nothing, just pursed her lips and gave Calla a pointed look. Calla of course had no idea what it meant, and sunk lower in her chair. "I'm sure the wand's fine," she mumbled. "Maybe I jut have to try a bit harder... Second year is tricky... Yeah."She stood up abruptly, and made off to the library, suddenly feeling very frustrated indeed.XOne of her visions came to light fairly quickly. She only wished she could have warned her brother first. It turned out it was his dormitory that had been ransacked, though by who no one could work out. Calla mentioned it was a girl, but it wasn't like they were uncommon in Gryffindor Tower.Harry's concern, though, wasn't merely that someone had targeted his dormitory, but what they had taken. "The diary's gone," he'd said in a low, panicked voice to her the moment he could. She'd almost dropped her book bag."I thought you already got rid of it," she whispered. "Are you saying you still held onto it?""Well," Harry said sheepishly, "I thought it might still be useful.""Are you mad?" Calla asked, voice rising higher. "It's dangerous, Harry! You're better off without it, but who has it now?" His face fell."Yeah, I was worried a bit about that too."If it was dangerous as Calla thought, then for someone to have gone looking for it, and to have stolen it... Well, they probably weren't going to be using it to perform Cheering Charms. She said as much to her brother, who was just as worried. "If I knew all the trouble it'd cause, I'd never have picked it up," he said, somewhat bitterly."Oh please, Harry, since when did the prospect of trouble stop you from doing something?" He didn't have an answer for that. "Look, I know you don't believe it was Hagrid and I don't either. But I have a feeling we're going to have to find out who it is, and soon.""You haven't seen-""I don't know who's going to be attacked next," Calla said quietly. "But there is going to be another one, I'm almost sure of it now."And as she lay in bed that night, listening to Daphne and Isobel exchange hair care tips, a cold, terrifying thought struck her. She'd foreseen another attack, and someone ransacking what was clearly Harry's dormitory - looking for the diary. The two were clearly linked, and her mind only resolved to two thoughts: either the Heir was trying to stop Harry from finding out the truth, or they might be using the diary to attack the school.Neither option put her mind to any rest, and she struggled getting to sleep that night, still thinking and still wondering over far too many things.XHarry had been engrossed in Quidditch practice for ages, and despite his constant worrying, the morning of Gryffindor's match against Hufflepuff dawned crisp and bright. This gave Calla the perfect opportunity to don the hat, scarf and gloves her brother had given her for Christmas, though none of her fellow Ravenclaws looked particularly enthused by her outfit choices. Most of them, as Michael informed her, preferred to support Hufflepuff, considering both houses were mostly overlooked in Quidditch.Calla had just shrugged, and told Michael that the Ravenclaw team had better up their game then, before meandering down to the Great Hall with Daphne and Padma. There she greeted a rather nervous-looking Harry, and gave him a quick, "Good luck," before Oliver Wood, the Gryffindor Captain, ushered him from the room insisting that they had to prepare for the match. He looked queasy, and Calla didn't blame him after how the last match had ended."Who'd you think will win?" Daphne asked brightly, ignoring the fact that Padma was pointedly not talking to her. "My money's on Gryffindor, obviously.""You would say that," Padma muttered, but Daphne didn't appear to hear her."Yeah, Gryffindor'll probably win," Calla agreed, tucking into toast."You don't seem to have much faith in us," said Zach's voice from behind. She turned around grinning, seeing him with Susan and Hannah."Well, Gryffindor won last year against you, didn't they? And they have the same line-up.""It's statistics," Daphne said, giving Zach a broad smile. "I'll bet your for it. Two galleons says Gryffindor'll win.""You're on," said Zach with a mischievous grin. "Prepare to pay up, Greengrass."Padma huffed very loudly, and the three Hufflepuff moved on, no doubt trying to nab some good seats for the match. "What's up with you, Patil?" Lisa asked, smirking. "Not excited about the Quidditch?""None of your business, Turpin." Padma rolled her eyes and turned to Calla. "I'll save us some seats.""We might as well all head down," Calla said, getting up, but Daphne stayed out, lookin down. "You Alright?""Yeah," she said quickly. "I'll just finish off eating and meet the two of you down there. I have to speak to someone anyway."Assuming that 'someone' meant a Slytherin, likely Pansy, Calla smiled and went on with Padma, who grumbled at an unnecessary length about how Daphne wasn't joining them. "It's only saving seats," Calla said, quite confused. "She'll be down for the match itself, I'm sure."Padma huffed and that and strode on ahead, leaving Calla jogging to catch up. At least Harry said what he thought instead of huffing and groaning all the time, she thought. Even if he did annoy her a bit.They'd been waiting nervously in the stands with Ron for about ten minutes, freezing their fingers off and waiting for the match to begin, and neither Daphne or Hermione had shown up yet. "They're probably coming down together," Calla said casually, craning over the side of the stands to see if she could spot Harry coming out."'Mione said she was going to the library," Ron told them. "Rushed off, said she thought of something- oh, is that them coming out now?"But it was not. Professor McGonagall was moving across the Quidditch Pitch and disappeared swiftly, just as a message began to echo around the stands. "This match has been cancelled," said a voice which no one could source. "Please can all students return to the castle at once."There were grumbled all around, but a dead weight dropped into Calla's stomach. "It's happened again," Padma said, catching on quickly just as Calla had. "Come on."They joined the throng of people surging back downstairs, theories already flying about. Some Hufflepuff claimed that Katie Bell had been attacked, though Calla had seen her before leaving the Great Hall with the rest of the team. "We should find Harry," she said as they reached the ground, and it seemed Ron had the same idea: he was already tearing off to the team changing rooms. McGonagall was looking more disturbed than Calla had ever seen her, ushering a confused looking Harry out across the lawn."Yes, I suppose you all ought to come too," she said heavily, when their paths met. "This is something you all ought to know."Calla again felt a very worrying sensation in her scar. There had been another attack, there was no doubt in that. The Heir had struck again, and already she was worried it had something to do with the diary being taken back."What's going on?" she asked Harry, who paled even further and pressed his lips together nervously."I heard the voice again," he whispered, trying to keep his voice down so that McGonagall wouldn't hear. "It said it was going to attack. Hermione got an idea and rushed off and-"It was the final turn needed to make her stomach twist entirely. Calla quite thought she was going to be sick. "Hermione," she said quietly. "Oh, no, Hermione."Padma was looking around furtively, like she was lookin for someone, even as they entered the castle. But Calla couldn't think of very much else than her friend. She'd been attacked, she must have been, that was why McGonagall was taking them inside, why she was leading them towards the Hospital Wing.They all seemed to have cottoned on by the time they reached the infirmary. Even Ron's freckles seemed to have turned almost white. "This will come as a bit of a shock," Professor McGonagall said, in the kindest voice Calla had heard from her. "There has been another attack..." McGonagall paused. "Another double attack." She pushed open the doors, revealing a row of beds. In the nearest one lay Penelope Clearwater, a sixth year Ravenclaw Prefect. Padma gasped, but Calla was more preoccupied with the bed next to her."Hermione!" Ron shouted, voice urgent and clearly terrified. Calla was at a loss for words; it felt like all the air had been sucked from her lungs and every sound from her throat, and all she could do was stare, numbly, at her friend's body on the hospital bed, unmoving as stone."No," Padma whispered faintly. "Hermione."Calla didn't realise she was crying until she blinked and a hot tear fell from her eye, trickling down her cheek. "Is she-" she couldn't find the words for what she wanted to ask. She couldn't bring herself to say the word, but McGonagall seemed to understand."She is Petrified," Professor McGonagall said gently. "We can care for her." She looked at Hermione in clear distress.The four of them crossed over to stand around Hermione's bed. When Calla touched her hand to Hermione's arm, it was freezing cold and entirely unmoving, exactly like a stone statue. Her gut churned."The pair of them were found near to the library," said McGonagall in a somber voice. Calla turned as she held up a small, handheld mirror, smashed to pieces. Calla's breath caught in her throat. "I don't suppose either of you could explain this? It was on the floor just by them."Harry, Ron and Padma all shook their heads, still staring at Hermione. "Professor," Calla started off timidly. "I - I had a... Vision of the mirror, I think. I wasn't sure what it meant, or what would happen, but... I think that must be the mirror I saw." McGonagall stared at her, but was less surprised than Calla might have thought. She imagined Dumbledore would have informed her already. "I don't know why it was with them, though," Calla finished in a bit of a mumble."Alright, Potter," said McGonagall in a heavy sort of voice. "I'll escort the four of you back to your respective towers. I ought to address my students, and Flitwick will want you back."Aware of Ron and Padma's stared at her back, Calla made off back to Ravenclaw with McGonagall, Harry lingering by your side. "There was nothing you could have done," he said in a hushed voice.She said nothing, still half-numb from the shock.X"All students will be returning to their house commons by six o'clock every evening. No student is permitted to leave the dormitories after that time. You will be escorted to and from each lesson by a teacher. No student may use the bathroom unaccompanied. All further Quidditch training and matches will be postponed until further notice, and there will be no more evening activities."There was silence in the Ravenclaw common room as Flitwick spoke, his usually cheerful chirp dismayed and heavy. Penelope Clearwater was one of their own, after all, and a Ravenclaw Prefect, no less. Her loss came as a shock to everyone in their house. A half a dozen sixth year girls sat huddled in the corner of the room, blotchy-faced and crying - Penelope's friends.Flitwick rolled up his piece of parchment sombrely. "This recent attack in particular, I'm sure, has come as a great shock to all of us in Ravenclaw House. Miss Clearwater is a great friend to many of you, and a respected prefect and student, but rest assured Madam Pomfrey and Professor Sprout are doing all they can to help the victims of Petrification. However, unless whoever is behind these attack is shut, it is likely that Hogwarts may have to be closed." A sharp intake of breath. Calla and Padma shot each other nervous glances, and Isobel gasped against Mandy's side. "If any of you know anything that may help find out who is behind this, anything at all, please, please come forward."With that, Flitwick left them on a note of silence, shutting the door quietly behind him. The common room was near to silent, everyone still near stunned by the events of the day.Just as Calla was about to return to her dormitory with the other girls, someone spoke up loudly. It was one of the seventh year prefects, Elizabeth Morran. "We all know Penelope," she said clearly across the room. "Even those who dont know her particularly well know that she is kind, and good, and above all she is a Ravenclaw. She is one of us. Whoever did this," she said, "has acted not only against the principles of any decent witch or wizard, but has moved against the smartest house in this school. I know some of you might be scared, and I'm scared too. But we need to find out who did this and we need to stop them before anyone else is hurt!" Her voice had risen to a cry, and Calla was near awed by it, by the power she'd suddenly gripped over the room. Everyone was staring at her. "If anyone knows anything, like Flitwick said, come forward. But look into it, too. And all of you keep yourselves. I know we're to be escorted by teachers from now on, but frankly, I don't trust that that won't fall through in some occasions. We need to stick together - there is safety in numbers - and no one goes anywhere without at least two other people." She glanced down. "I hate to have to add this last part, but especially those of you who are muggleborn, watch your back, and watch your step. We don't leave each other alone, understand?"A chorus of murmuring around the common room decided that the Ravenclaw students did, indeed, understand. Slowly, they began to disperse back up the stairs, but Calla couldn't shake the image of Hermione out of her head, not even when Padma half-dragged her up the stairs.They were the first into their dormitory, and with a furtive glance around, Padma locked the door behind them and dropped her voice to a low whisper. "Calla, I know you might not want to hear it, but I think Daphne has something to do with this."It was like the bottom had fallen out of Calla's stomach. "Excuse me?"XHarry was still in shock, barely listening to the conversations of the other Gryffindors around him. He couldn't seem to get rid of the picture of Hermione in his head, lying on the hospital bed and looking for all the world like she had been carved from stone. And if the culprit wasn't caught soon, if the school really did have to close, he and Calla would have to return to live back with the Dursleys, with Uncle Remus as their only real tie back to the Wizarding World. He didn't like it, but he suddenly understood how Tom Riddle felt when he had turned Hagrid in rather than be faced with returning to his Muggle orphanage if Hogwarts had to close."What're we going to do?" Ron whispered in Harry's ear. "You don't reckon they suspect Hagrid, do you?""We have to go to talk to him," he said, wishing he could be with Calla - but there was no way he'd be able to get all the way to Ravenclaw Tower and snuggle him out right now. "I don't believe it's him this time, I can't and neither does Calla, but if he was the one who let the monster loose the last time then he'll know how to get into the Chamber, and that's a start at least.""But McGonagall said we've to stay in the tower unless we're in a class-""I think," Harry said, dropping his voice, "it's time I got my dad's old cloak out again."X"You can't be serious!" Calla hissed. "I know we've had our ups and downs this year, but she's not the heir of Slytherin!" She spluttered, "Daphne's not even in Slytherin!""Her family all are," said Padma darkly. "And she's from an old pureblood family. I don't want to believe she is either, but I thought of it the other day and, well, this could all be a rude."Calla stared. She couldn't believe it. "You're kidding. Right? It wouldn't be Daphne."But, then, she thought uncomfortably, why hadn't Daphne appeared at the match? She'd said she'd had something to do, but what, and why couldn't she tell them?""She stayed in the castle while the attack happened," Padma said, tapping her finger like she was ticking off a list. "She's been funny all year, and only made up with us after we realised it wasn't Malfoy. She tried to put the blame on Hagrid. And," she added with a triumphant sort of look in her eyes, "I think she's been tampering with your wand."That made Calla's brain effectively stop for a moment, until she came to and realised quite what Padma had said. "My wand?""When you two were flinging it between the two of you, I had a thought and I wasn't sure, but now, well, there's quite a lot of evidence pointing to her. Your wand has been going haywire since Christmas, mostly, hasn't it? Since we made up?"Calla momentarily forgot how to speak. She had to admit that Padma had a point but it didn't feel right. "Well, she was at the Deathday Party with us," she said confidently. "So she can't have done it then.""Maybe she didn't have to. Maybe she just opened the chamber beforehand and let the monster do its work. Maybe-"Someone hammered on the door. "Who's locked this?" came Isobel's voice. Calla and Padma exchanged nervous glances. This conversation clearly wasn't over. Padma reluctantly unlocked the door and Isobel came in with Mandy, Sue, Daphne and Lisa, all of them pale faced and wrought with nerves. Lisa regarded them suspiciously but didn't say anything. Even if anyone did still have a lingering belief she and Harry might have something to do with the attacks, anyone sensible would know that neither of them would ever attack Hermione.Calla went over to her bed, lying down and unfolding the Marauder's Map from her pocket. While the other girls spoke sombrely, she spoke as softly as she could and whispered, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good."The map bloomed into life and she quickly found Hermione's dot and name lying in the Hospital Wing - again, quite motionless. She sighed hopelessly, feeling a familiar sense of dread set in, the same kind as the year before when they'd known the Philosopher's Stone was going to be stolen, and she hadn't known anything to do about it. She wanted to tell Dumbledore and Flitwick what she'd seen, everything she'd seen, but she didn't know how it could help. Dumbledore likely knew everhing already.But then her gaze shifted momentarily and her eyes caught on two dots, moving, just outside of Gryffindor Tower. Harry and Ron. She narrowed her eyes and glanced around as though expecting them to burst out the wall. Surely they wouldn't be foolish enough to go out now?But of course, she realised, they'd have the cloak. She didn't know where they were going, but Filch was roaming the corridors and she didn't think it was a good idea at all for them to be out and about. They were headed away from the Hospital Wing at any rate, so they weren't going to see Hermione.She glanced to the door. Did she join them, warn them, or did she stay here in the relative safety of Ravenclaw Tower. Try to get some sleep and rest and think over everything she knew.Her brother could need her, she reasoned. But he had Ron, and with her magic and wand in the state they were in it wasn't like she'd be of any use to anyone, against anything.But he was her brother."I'm just going to get a book," she murmured to Padma, who was busy casting dark glared at Daphne over the top of her books, and barely noticed her darting out. So long as she kept an eye on the map, she reasoned, trying not to let anyone see that she was shaking worse than an adoloescent mandrake. When none of the few people in the ommon room were looking, and there was no one near on the map, she slipped out. The eagle door knocker eyed her suspiciously but said nothing. She hoped it wouldn't say anything to anyone else, either.No one was coming her way, but Harry and Ron kept moving down to the bottom floor so Calla hurried into an alcove, opening a passage with a couple taps of her wand and shutting it behind her. She hurried down the stairs, coming out at the entrance hall as waited until Harry and Ron's dots were just by her to hiss, "Harry!"She couldn't see her brother, but was confident he could see her as she stepped out with a tiny wave. "Where are you going?" she asked in a quiet voice.A hand reached out from under the cloak to drag her under. It was a close space, pressed between Harry and Ron, but they continued on to the oak front doors just as Calla realised they were going to see Hagrid. Of course. No doubt they wanted to interrogate him, listening to what Riddle and Daphne had been saying - though Calla didn't particularly want to think about Daphne, for worry of what she might find herself thinking.They didn't take the cloak off until they were right outside Hagrid's hut door. They knocked and it was flung open. Calla gave a little squeak of fright as Hagrid pointed a crossbow straight at them, then upon realising who they were, lowered it uneasily."Oh," Hagrid said gruffly. "What're the three of yeh doin' here?""Hagrid," Calla asked warily as they went inside, "what've you got a crossbow for?""Oh, nothin', nothin'," mumbled Hagrid. "I've bin expecting... well, now... Doesn't matter... I'll make yeh some tea... Yeah."It was clear Hagrid was flustered - he hardly seemed to know what he was doing as busied himself, knocking over various items in his kitchen and almost extinguishing his fire by spilling the contents of kettle on top of it, right before he smashed the teapot."Hagrid?" Harry asked, eyes nervous. "Are you Ok? Have you heard about Hermione?""Oh, I've heard alrigh'," Hagrid said, voice breaking slightly as he spoke.His eyes kept darting to the windows. Calla wondered briefly if she ought to ask him what he knew about monster spiders like the ones from her vision, if they might be involved somehow, but decided he was too flustered already. He poured out large mugs of boiling water with no teabags, and was just setting about plating up large slices of fruitcake when there was a loud knock at the door.Hagrid dropped the fruitcake, which made a rather unexpected thunk. Calla, Ron and Harry exchanged worried glances and threw the Invisibility Cloak over themselves, backing into a corner where they crouched, breathing stilled as best they could. Calla tried keeping quiet but she was sure her heart was hammering loud enough for them to hear all the way back at the castle.Hagrid glanced back to check that they were all hidden, before he grabbed his crossbow and the flung the door open again."Good evening, Hagrid."Dumbledore stood in the doorway to Hagrid's hut, looking more serious than Calla had ever seen him as he entered. He was followed, a second later, but another man whom Calla did not recognise.He was short and rather rotund, with grey hair and a worried, anxious expression. His clothes were odd, a mix of a pin-striped suit, a red tie, a long black cloak that brushed the floor and pointy purple boots, while under his arm he held a lime green bowler hat which, Calla thought, clashed terrible with the boots and indeed, all the rest of the outfit."That's my dad's boss!" Ron breathed. "Cornelius Fudge, he's-"Calla elbowed him in the side to make him stop talking. They could still be heard under the cloak.Hagrid was looking pale now, and clearly worried. This didn't look good for him. He dropped into a chair, looking stricken and nervous as he glanced between Dumbledore and Fudge."Bad business, Hagrid," said Fudge. "Very bad business; I had to come. Four attack on muggleborns, things are bad enough already. Ministry's got to act, you understand.""I never!" Hagrid insisted, looking to Dumbledore. "You know I never, Professor Dumbledore, sir-""I want it understood, Cornelius," said Dumbledore, raising a hand and frowning, "that Hagrid has my full trust and my confidence.""Look, Albus," said Fudge, looking very uncomfortable. Calla waited with bated breath to see what happened, terrified of what they'd do with Hagrid. "Hagrid's record stands against him, In afraid. The Ministry has to do something - the school governors have been in touch.""Yet again, Cornelius, I tell you that taking Hagrid away will not help in the slightest," said Dumbledore. His eyes, though blue, were full of a rare fire."I'm under a lot of pressure," Fudge said nervously, fiddling with the rim of his lime green bowler. "Got to be seen to be doing something. If it turns out Hagrid is innocent, he'll be back with no more said about it." Calla reckoned she'd have something to say about it, but she couldn't exactly speak now. "But I've got to take him, Dumbledore, got to, wouldn't be doin my duty otherwise, would I?""Take me?" Hagrid had started to tremble. "Take me where?""It'll only be a short stretch," Fudge said, clearly refusing to meet Hagrid's eyes. "It's not a punishment, Hagrid, merely a... Precaution. If someone else is caught, well, then you'll be let out with a full apology.""Not Azkaban?" Hagrid croaked, having gone paper still. Ron gasped beside Calla.But before Fudge could answer, there was another sharp knock on the door and Calla's stomach plunged. Dumbledore answered and Calla had to stop Harry from gasping as Lucius Malfoy strolled in, smiling coldly. He looked sickeningly satisfied. Over by Hagrid, Fang began to growl."Already here, Fudge, I see," he said in an approving tone that Calla immediately detested. "Good, good.""An' what're yeh doin' here?" said Hagrid, voice absolutely furious. "Get outta my house!"Lucius Malfoy looked around with an upturned nose and a sneer. "You call this a house?" Calla sparked with fury but had to hold her tongue. "I simply called at the school and was told that the Headmaster was down here."Calla dreaded to think what Lucius Malfoy might possibly want with Dumbledore, but she doubted it was anything good. What if he'd discovered what they'd down at Christmas? But he wouldn't bring it up, she didn't think. Malfoy junior certainly hadn't shown any signs of realising. Her mind flickered unwillingly to Daphne and she tried to focus. She couldn't worry about what Padma had said now, she had to focus on what was happening before her."And what did you want with me, Lucius?" Dumbledore asked, a fire still blazing fiercely in his eyes."Well, Dumbledore," said Malfoy, pulling a piece of parchment from his pocket. "This is a letter from the governors. Dreadful times, you see, we feel you have been... Inefficient." Harry fumed besides Calla. "This calls for your suspension." Ron's ears turned pink with rage. "You will find signatures from all twelve of the school governors. We feel you are rather losing your touch, Dumbledore. How many attacks has that been now - four? Five? At this rate, there will be no muggleborns left in Hogwarts, and we all know what a... Terrible loss, that would be."Fudge stepped back in apparent alarm. "Oh, now, see here, Lucius," he said quickly, wringing his hands with a nervous laugh, "Dumbledore suspended... no, no, why... that's the last thing we want right now...""The appointment and suspension of Headmasters is a matter under the control of the governors," Malfoy said smoothly. "And since Dumbledore has so far entirely failed to stop these attacks...""Well, Lucius, look here, if Dumbledore can't stop them-" Fudge said, face reddening and looking sweaty, "Well, I mean to say, who can stop it all?""That remains to be seen." Malfoy had an awful, nasty smile and Calla frowned at the look. "But as all twelve of us have voted.""An' how many outta that twelve did yeh threaten and blackmail in ter agreement, eh, Malfoy?" Hagrid roared, having leapt to his feet in indignation."Your temper might lead you into trouble one of these days, Hagrid," Mr Malfoy said nastily. "And I would advise you refrain from talking to the Azkaban guards like that. I don't suppose they'd like that at all.""Yeh can' take Dumbledore!" Hagrid protested, yelling even louder now. Fang cowered. "Take him away an' muggleborns won' stand a chance! There'll be killin's next!""Calm yourself, Hagrid," Dumbledore said sharply. "If the governors want my removal, Lucius," he continued, looking at Malfoy, "I will of course step aside.""But-" Fudge spluttered, eyes wide."No!" growled Hagrid.Calla almost wanted to speak her own protest, if it weren't for the fact that they had to stay hidden.Dumbledore, however, had his blue eyes still fixed on Lucius Malfoy. "However," he said, voice slow and clear, "You will find that I will only truly have left this school when none here are loyal to me. And that help," Calla could have sworn he looked right at them, even covered by the Cloak, "will always be given at Hogwarts, to those who ask for it.""Your sentiments are admirable," Malfoy said with a bow. "I'm sure we all shall miss your, er, individual way of running things at Hogwarts. We hope that your successor will manage to prevent any - ah - unfortunate... Killin's."With that, he strode to the door of the cabin and pushed it open, and bowed Dumbledore out of the cabin. Fudge fiddled nervously with his bowler hat, seeming to wait for Hagrid to go on ahead of him, but Hagrid remained, took a deep, considerate breath and said carefully, "If anyone wanted ter find out some stuff, all they'd have to do would be ter follow the spiders. That'd lead 'em right! That's all I'm saying."Calla barely heard or noticed him as he left wit Fudge, a sudden thought occurring to her. She was shocked she hadn't thought of it before. The spiders in her vision, that great, many-legged creature that Harry had seen Hagrid with in the diary. The door banged shut, shaking Calla from her thoughts. Ron yanked the Invisibility Cloak off - he was paler in the ill light."We're all in right trouble now," he said in a cracked, hoarse voice. "No Dumbledore. The school might as well close tonight. There'll be an attack a day with him gone.""The spiders," Calla said quietly, glancing at Harry and then Ron, and back again. "The spiders."XWhen she finally got herself back to the dormitory that night, it was empty, and so after stashing the Map safely in a drawer she headed up to the other side of the tower, where the boys' dormitory was. None of them should be out of bed at that time, but it didn't seem anyone in Ravenclaw Tower was able to sleep anyway. She slipped in through the open door, already hearing familiar voices.Everyone looked up at her as she entered, face blazing. "Where've you been?" Lisa asked, somewhat suspiciously."Visiting Hagrid," she said honestly in a quiet voice, sitting next to Padma on Anthony's bed. "Harry and Ron snuck out, too.""Why?" Michael asked, wrinkling his nose.She debated for a long moment on what she should say, or could say. Padma pressed her shoulder against hers comfortingly. "Dumbledore's been removed as Headmaster," she said finally, to gasps all around."What?" blurted Mandy, eyes wide in shock. "But they can't do that, Dumbledore's the - well, Dumbledore's Dumbledore, isn't he? He's about the only thing keeping the school together!""Will Hogwarts have to close?" asked Isobel, biting her lip worriedly. As a muggleborn she was already in a lot more danger than the rest of them, but if she had to leave Hogwarts, where would she go? Where, Calla thought with a jolt, would she and Harry go? Where would Hermione go, when she was unPetrified? Where would any of them go?A lifetime with the Dursleys sounded like the worst thing imaginable, especially now she knew of the magical world. Maybe she and Harry would get to move in with her godfather, but if they hadn't yet Calla worried it wouldn't be a possibility."I don't know," she said, upon realising everyone was looking at her. "They've taken Hagrid away, too.""Why?" Padma asked, furiously. "Hagrid hasn't done anything!""They think it's him," she said in a low voice, to murmurs of disagreement. "They've got no eveidence but Fudge doesn't care about that-""You've met Cornelius Fudge?" Daphne asked, whipping around from where she sat in the corner of the room. Calla was surprised she hadn't spoken already. "How've"Well," Calla said sheepishly, wondering how she'd get out of this one, "we didn't actually meet. We er, we were invisible. We weren't meant to be there obviously."Michael gave a huff. "They must be struggling to hush it all up now, then," he said. "It'll be out in the Daily Prophet soon enough, I expect. Personally I thought we'd see Dumbledore gone long before now; it was only a matter of time.""That's positive," muttered Isobel under her breath."So what are we going to do about it then?" said Lisa. Calla stared at her. "We can't do much, I know that, but surely we can do something. It's a completely illogical decision. Without Dumbledore, the school is exposed and the security is down."Hagrid's words echoed in Calla's head - "There'll be killin's next!""We can't reverse it," Terry said gloomily. "If Fudge has his mind made up its not like a bunch of second years are going to change it."Lisa let out a resurrected groan and flopped down onto Michael's bed. "Well, you all heard Elizabeth in the common room. We all stick together from now on, we don't let each other disappear and get lost - even you, Potter," she added to Calla. "It's the safest and smartest option. We don't go running off, and if we have any ridiculous, Gryffindor like inclinations to be reckless and run off to catch the killer, we do our research first. We let each other know what's going on, right?""Lisa's right," Daphne said from the corner,sounding very begrudging. Padma shot her a very obvious glare. "We'll go to breakfast as one. Stay together.""And how do we be certain the heir isn't one of our own?" Padma asked coolly, eyes fixed on Daphne."Common sense," snapped Daphne in return. "I know I've not been the nicest to you all but don't assume that means I'd do anything to hurt you, or muggleborns."The rest of the Ravenclaws seemed utterly bemused by this declaration, but Calla knew Padma must have let slip her suspicions at some point. "I know," she said quietly to her friend, who gave a grateful smile. Padma scowled. "And accusing each other isn't going to keep us safe. We need to be united, like Lisa's said."She hadn't expected to agree with Lisa on anything, but she supposed it was the right time for it, after all.

Summer might have been the prettiest season to some, but this year it felt entirely wrong. The Ravenclaw Common Room was more subdued than Calla had ever seen it, some of the upper years sitting in armchairs not even really studying, some barely doing anything at all. Even the warm sun didn't lift the cold spirits of everyone around Calla.Visitors had now been officially banned from the Hospital Wing, on account of Madam Pomfrey's belief that the attacker might come back and try to "finish them off". But they were escorted around with such tight control that it was impossible to even try and slip away unnoticed to visit her. This presented another complication for Calla: she needed to find those giant spiders, determined that they would have answers for her, or at least a small lead, but she couldn't get away from any of the teachers, and her classmates wouldn't let her out their sights either, as a result of their pact. She supposed it was sweet, but that didn't mean that she wouldn't rather disappear.Daphne had offered to cover her so she could sneak off one day after Defense, but Padma had given her such a warning look that she'd had to refuse her on grounds that Padma might be the one to finish both of them off.Now word was out that Dumbledore had gone, too, fear in the castle had spread so wide you could almost feel it, a cold sort of mist that hung over everybody's heads and around their throats. Laughs were few and far between, and everyone Calla passed look stressed and tense. Zach didn't speak much, and most of the houses, too, seemed to be keeping to themselves, feeling they couldn't trust anyone outside their own small circles. Even the Slytherins looked worried, and more than once Calla caught Tracey Davis talking to her friend Lily Moon alone at the other end of the table, away from everyone else in their year - away from the purebloods. With Dumbledore gone, her 'lessons' in Occlumency had been cancelled - not that they'd done much good in the first place - as had her lessons with Trelawney, who had apparently taken to hiding in her tower and refusing to leave until the monster was caught.She knew that Harry was still thinking about Dumbledore's words. The two of them hadn't seen each other as much, since such a tight grip was kept on the inhabitants of the school. They only really got to speak in fleeting moments in the Great Hall, between classes in corridors, or occasionally in Transfiguration if McGonagall's back was turned or her attentions elsewhere - which was far from often.Padma and Daphne were barely on speaking terms, though that was hardly surprising to Calla now. She just wished that Padma could move past her suspicions and Daphne past her pride and everything could be sorted and fine; but nothing was ever that simple. At least Daphne wasn't with the Slytherins so much anymore, which eased some suspicions from others in their year - mainly Mandy and Terry - but to Padma, this was apparently all a clever ruse designed to lead them off of her scent.The opportunity to 'follow the spiders' came at last on one of the summer's warmest days, when Calla was exhausted from wrestling between Daphne and Padma in Herbology - both of whom kept snidely arguing with one another - and listening to Draco Malfoy go on about how it was his father who had caused Dumbledore's release, how he'd been waiting for it for years now. Daphne said nothing, but both Calla and Padma were furious with Malfoy and his bragging, and by the time they stomped back to the castle were in foul moods.She'd let out a yell as someone grabbed her arm, only to realise that it was Harry dragging her into a quiet, shaded corner. Padma and Daphne were at her back. "What did you have to do that for?" she grumbled, shaking his hand off. "What's going on?""We're going tonight," Harry informed her quickly. "Me and Ron spotted all these spiders in the greenhouses, headed to the Forbidden Forest, so we're going to go out tonight. If you keep an eye on your map you can see when we're heading." He glanced uncertainly at Padma and Daphne. "Do you want to come with us?"She stared. Not really, a part of her said. No she did not want to follow spiders into the Forbidden Forest in the middle of the night, and she certainly did not think that Uncle Moony would approve of her doing so. But Harry had already decided what he was going to do."Of course I want to come," she said, laughing uncertainly. "Come and get me at Ravenclaw Tower, but stay outside under the cloak, the door-knocker's a nightmare to get past at times.""You can't," Daphne said to her quietly. "We're all sticking together, right, all the Ravenclaws. You can't just sneak out, Calla.""I'll go with you," Padma said defiantly, with a clear glare at Daphne. "Four people will be more than safe enough.""Five," Daphne said with a hard edge to her voice. Harry looked at Calla bemusedly. "I'm going too.""You can't go-""Why not?""Because - because you-""Because you think I'm up to something and can't use your brain enough to realise that actually, I'm trying to help you all?" Daphne said coolly.Padma's glare looked like it might sever Daphne's head from her shoulders. "Because I don't trust you," she said flatly. "There's no way I'm letting you go into the Forbidden Forest, where anything could happen, so that you can - can kill Calla or something.""You're crazy," Daphne decided, while Calla stared awkwardly between the two, no idea what to say. Whatever Padma thought of her, and whatever evidence did cast suspicion, Calla thought that the idea she might kill her was, well, a bit too far fetched.Harry looked like he wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible, and Calla didn't blame him. Leaving the other girls to it, the two of them shifted away, to the Great Hall for a very quick dinner. Padma and Daphne arrived at a quarter to six, both looking furious with each other, but Calla wasn't very inclined to sit with them. Instead she remained sandwiched between Harry and Ron, the latter of whom looked very queasy indeed at the idea of following spiders into the Forbidden Forest.The three girls stayed up late in the common room, Calla always with one eye on the map. Daphne was engrossed in a book about wand legends, and Padma absently made a couple of quills fly around the common room like a bird. Calla huddled in a squishy blue armchair, desperately trying to change a brown jewellery box to a blue colour. She thought maybe it had taken on a grey tinge about midnight, when she glanced over at her map and spotted Ron and Harry's dots coming down the corridor to the Ravenclaw Tower entrance."They're here," she said quietly to Daphne and Padma. In a corner, two fourth years were engrossed in a game of chess, but they were the only other people there and Calla didn't think they'd notice them creeping out. "Are you both sure-""We're sure," Daphne said with an air of finality. She scooped up their books, Calla's box and Padma's quills and hid them under a chair for when they came back. The three of them made their way across the room and, with a final nervous glance back at the couple playing chess, slipped out of the tower.Under the cloak, the five of them were definitely a tight fit, but they managed to manoeuvre themselves around the castle, avoiding teachers with the aid of Calla's map."Course," said Ron as they traipsed over he black grass outside the castle, "we might get there and there might be no spiders at all. I know they looked like they were going in that general direction of the forest, but-""Ron, we all know you're just scared of spiders," Daphne said shortly. "Get over it.""Don't tell him to-""Shut up, both of you," Harry hissed, as they came to the door of Hagrid's house. "We could do without your squabbling."Calla got a bit frustrated at him telling her friends to shut up, but he was right, to her further annoyance. Hagrid's hut looked sad and empty without its inhabitant, and its windows were blank. Fang, who Calla supposed must have been shut up without anyone to see since Hagrid was taken to Azkaban, jumped up and down as he spotted them, barking loudly. Padma shushed him with treacle tart as Harry took off the cloak and left it on Hagrid's table.They wouldn't need it in the dark of the Forest, after all."Come on, Fang," said Calla, petting the dog's back gently with a smile. "Let's go for a walk, eh?"Fang seemed happy as could be as he bounded out of the house, towards the forest. Daphne on the other hand, looked terrified as she crept closer and pressed against Calla's side. "You don't think this is a bit unsafe, do you?""A bit," Calla said nervously, watching Harry, who seemed to be entirely within his element. "But we'll be alright, I'm sure. It'll be fine." She didn't think her words really inspired confidence - even in herself.Harry lit the end of his wand with a quick, "Lumos!" so that they could only just see the path before them, and spot any signs of spiders."I'd light mine too," Ron muttered to Calla, as both Daphne and Padma illuminated patches of the path. "But I reckon it'd, you know, blow up or something like that."Calla laughed. "I think mine just wouldn't work at all.""There," Harry said, tapping Calla on the shoulder and pointing at the grass, where Daphne had stopped down. A couple of spiders were hurrying across the ground, out of their wandlight and into the shade that the trees provided."Okay," Ron said with a resigned sort of sigh. Daphne looked back at him with a smirk. "I'm ready. Let's go.""Try not to scream," Daphne said to Ron, as Padma gave her yet another glare.Fang scampered around them, between Harry who led the way and Ron and Calla, who lingered behind the other three nervously. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to have the two with the least reliable magic pulling up the rear, but Calla would rather they were at the back than at the front.Following the glow from the others' wands, they watched as the spiders scuttled away, deeper into the darkness of the forest. "I'm really not too keen on this," Ron whispered to Calla, just out of earshot of the rest."Me neither," she whispered back, glancing at her entirely ineffective wand. Were anything bad or dangerous to happen to them tonight, neither she nor Ron were equipped to deal with it, a prospect that worried her. She hastened her footsteps, sticking tight to the rest of the group so as not to get separated, and Ron cottoned on too, matching pace with Daphne and Padma. The two girls went on in a stony, tense silence that Calla could almost feel in the air.As they trudged deeper on into the forest, Calla kept an eye out for more spiders, or for anything that might pose a threat. The spider she'd seen had been massive, it wasn't likely to be able to sneak up on them unawares... She hoped.But the only spiders they followed were small, perfectly average looking things, spare for the way they all went on together, in straight lines. She'd never seen spiders move like that, all co-ordinated and organised. It reminded her of the fire drills they'd had in primary school, when all the students had to evacuate the building in two straight lines and go to their fire safety point. A thought occurred to her, then: could it be that the spiders were evacuating from whatever was in Hogwarts?She was about to voice this question, when the spiders leant off the beaten path, entering the deeper part of the forest, where the trees were thicker, darker, and denser than before. The darkest part of the forest; and doubtless the most dangerous, too. Calla wasn't sure her nerves were ready to find out exactly why the forest was forbidden to students.But she reminded herself that she had to have faith in Hagrid's instructions, and if he told them to follow the spiders then that was what they must do. All five of them paused, and Harry clearly debated the best course of action before Daphne spoke up. "We're going to lose them if we don't move quickly."Harry looked back at them, and Calla gave him a encouraging nod. He continued to plough on and the rest followed dutifully, as it occurred to her that somewhere along the way of the last two years, Harry had become something of a leader to them all, her included. But she didn't have time to dwell on that, and Ron's steady stream of anxious muttering kept her distracted from many complex thoughts.All of a sudden, Harry jumped back, crashing into Daphne who gave a startled shrieks and clutched Padma's arm, only to be shaken off a half second later. "What d'you reckon?" Harry asked, addressing the group. "Do we go on now?""As long as you don't crash into me," said Daphne darkly, though Harry pretended not to hear her."We've come this far," Ron said in a weak voice. "Might as well."And so they went on, following the bare shadows of the spiders as the darkness got longer and thicker, blotting out the stars. They had to watch their step, for tree roots twisted over the ground, difficult to see unless one strained their eyes to look out for them. The group stopped a couple of times, so that Harry, Daphne or Padma could keep their wands trained on the trail of spiders and make sure that they were following them in the right direction, not just wandering aimlessly. Though sometimes it did seem they were just wandering aimlessly.They grew quiet as they ventured on, all a bit scared to speak. Calla was sure they could all hear her heart hammering in the darkness that pressed around her. The faint shadows on the trees seemed to twist and contort, creating faces that leered and jeered at her, and her heart picked up, beating against the cage of her ribs. She was scared to speak but there was nothing that she wanted more than to run away and get out of there. It felt wrong and it felt dangerous, and nausea swept over her as she contemplated the fact that she didn't honestly know the way out.Then Fang gave a sharp bark and Padma rushed to shush him, as Calla's heart picked up again like a drum. "Can you hear that?" Daphne whispered, and they all strained their ears to listen."There's something moving over there," Harry said quietly. "Listen... It sounds big."The image of a great, hulking spider fell into Calla's mind and she tried to keep down her fear. Could giant spiders smell fear? She really hoped not; all of sudden all Calla really wanted was to go back to the safety and warmth of Ravenclaw Tower, curiosity be damned.But then she thought of Hermione, cold as stone, and Penelope and Justin and little Colin Creevey, and of Hagrid stuck in wizard prison for a crime Calla was sure he would never have committed, and she clutched her wand tighter so as to pretend it could do any use.She shivered, and Harry crept forward, as the sound of something roared through the forest. But it wasn't like an animal's roar, not a bear or lion, but almost like an engine. "What is it?" she whispered, unsure of what was to come. Harry shushed her."It'll hear you," he said, to which Ron let out a hysterical sort of laugh."It's already heard Fang!" he said, voice high with fear.They'd come to a stop, and Calla could hear Daphne and Padma's nervous breathing. "Are you sure we shouldn't go back?" Daphne whispered to her as quiet as Calla was sure it was possible for her to be."We've come this far," Padma snapped. Harry shushed her again. "And you wanted to come, didn't you?""What do you think it's doing?" Harry whispered softly to Calla, who shrugged nervously. She was all too aware of her shaking hands."Getting ready to attack us, probably," Ron said, in a quivering voice.Calla paled at that, feeling suddenly cold. Her last experience in the forest hadn't exactly been safe, and now they didn't have Hagrid to protect them, she felt all too exposed. "Maybe we should turn back," she suggested to Harry in a quiet voice."What?" He stared at her. "We can't go back now!""I'm with Calla," said Daphne, already beginning to back away. "The Ravenclaw common room's looking really nice right now.""You're the one who wanted to-"Padma was cut off by the roar of an engine revving up again. Bright lights blasted through the gaps in the trees and Ron whimpered, backing up onto Calla's feet, causing her to let out a pained yelp. Fang brushed against Calla's leg, yowling, but then Ron let out a cry and began to rush forwards in relief. "Harry!" he called back over his shoulder, as calla's brother surged forwards after him. "You lot, look, it's our car!""You what?"Hardly daring to believe it, Calla went forward after her brother. She could make out through the trees a rather beaten, muddy blue ford Anglia with one window smashed and the bonnet dented. She stared, first at the car then at Harry and Ron.The flying Ford Anglia had gone wild."Tell me that is not the thing you flew to school in," Daphne said with a certain air of disgust. "That thing looks wild.""It was better when we flew it," Ron muttered, casting Daphne a dark glare."Into a tree," Daphne muttered back. Padma rolled her eyes and looked at Calla as if to suggest she should do the same. Calla was caught between amusement and just wanting to get out of the forest. Something told her, whether a 'sixth sense' or just ordinary common sense, that the car was one of the tamer things they'd encounter while in the forest.Ron was moving towards the car, which slowly trundled its way over to him, bonnet bumping up and down like a moving mouth. "It's been in here this whole time!" he cried, beaming around at them in delight. "Look, I think it's gone wild! But it found us; clever car!" He grinned at Calla, who gave what she hoped looked like an excited smile. "And to think, we thought it was going to attack us! I wondered where it had gotten to.""I wouldn't get too close," Daphne said, looking down her nose at the car. "It's practically feral.""We've lost the trail," harry said, distractedy squinting around at the ground. "We'd better find-"Something bony and hairy wrapped around Calla's middle and she let out a shriek, dropping her wand onto the floor. Harry whipped around, eyes going wide. There was a loud clicking noise and he and Ron, who was by now white with terror, were lifted up and off the ground. The thing turned Calla around so she was upside down and even with the blood all rushing to her head, she realised with a wave of cold fear that it was the giant spider from her vision, come to find them. Its pincers clicked beneath her, as they waded further into the forest. Daphne was yelling herself hoarse, and Calla could just make out Padma swinging from a spider's great pincers, looking rather like she was about to be sick all over the forest floor. Calla tried to keep a look-out for her wand, which had slipped from her hand, but it was too dark and she couldn't see it. Even considering its recent failings, she felt empty without it, and altogether rather powerless.The sensation of being upside down was not a pleasant one, and the look of the muddied, dark ground swaying beneath her only made Calla more terrified, so she squeezed her eyes shut and hoped that it would be over soon.She didn't know how long it took until she went tumbling back to the ground, with only just enough time to snap her eyes open and place her hands onto the forest floor so that she could steady herself. She clambered unsteadily to her feet as her body righted itself, and had to hide a scream. Spiders were coming from all directions, through the trees and down a leaf-strewn slope into the clear little hollow in which they stood. Hanging between the group of trees at the bottom of the slope was a silvery web, lit by the starlight that came through the gap in the trees."Harry!" she whispered, rushing to her brother's side. Ron was by him, mouth stretched open like he was trying to scream and failing miserably. Daphne and Padma rushed up behind her, Padma shaking from terror."Spiders," she whispered. "Giant spiders. Fantastic."But it was then that Calla realised one of the spiders was saying something through the clicking of its pincers. "Aragog!" it called. "Aragog!"An even larger spider, which looked to be the size of an elephant, emerged from the shadows behind the web. Its black hairs were streaked with grey and age - Calla didn't realise spiders could visibly age, but this one gave the definite impression of being elderly - and its eyes were a milky blue, almost white. It was blind, she realised. "What is it?" the giant spider asked, with rapid clicking of its pincers."Men," said that same spider, in a throaty voice."Hagrid?" Aragog asked, clicking its pincers and turning its head around, as though to listen out for a giant heartbeat."Strangers," clicked another spider."Kill them." A jolt of terror went through Calla's chest. "I was sleeping.""Oh, brilliant," Daphne said faintly, backing away. "It's going to kill us.""We're friends of Hagrid!" Calla shouted desperately, hoping it would earn them a moment to run. "He sent us to you!"The spiders all around clicked their pincers, as if they were thinking together and as one. Aragog seemed to hesitate before saying, "Hagrid has never sent men into our hollow before.""But Hagrid's in trouble," said Harry, out of breath. "That's why we've come to see you.""In trouble?" Aragog clicked his pincers again, which sent another spear of fear into Calla. The sound was enough to shake her from the spine. "But then why has he sent you to me?"Harry faltered, looking to Calla nervously. She gave the most confident nod she could manage, which was not very confident at all. "They think, up at Hogwarts, that Hagrid's been setting a - a - well, I don't know what, a something, on the students in the school. He's been sent to Azkaban."There came another rapid, furious clicking sound that echoed all around the hollow like a very twisted, shaky applause. "But that was years ago," said Aragog, clicking sounding almost concerned now. "Years and years ago, I remember. Why has he been taken now? They have already made him leave the school that was why he was expelled, I should know, they thought that I was the monster that was killing all of those students. They believed Hagrid to have opened the chamber and set me free.""Didn't he?" Daphne asked. Padma glared at her in the dark,"And didn't you come from the chamber of secrets?" Harry asked."I?" Aragog clicked in anger, and Calla found herself stumbling backwards out of nerves. "I was not born in the castle! I came to Hagrid in the pocket of a traveller when I was nothing more than an egg, and he raised me. He was only a boy but he cared for me, looked after me, when I was hidden in a cupboard in the castle being fed off of the scraps he could get from the dinner table. He is my good friend, and he is a good man. He protected me all of these years and when I was blamed for the murder of a girl at the school, he continued to protect me and to defend me. I have lived here in the forest since then, and still Hagrid visits and protects me and cares for me. Hagrid even found me my wife, Mosag, and since then our family has grown and been well-nurtured in our land in the forest, as well you can see." Calla looked around at the circle of spiders that surrounded her and gulped down her terror."So you-" Harry began- "you never attacked anyone, then?""Never," Aragog croaked, sounding offended by the idea. "It would have been my instinct but out of respect for my friend I have never once attacked a human. The girl's body was discovered in a bathroom in the school-" Padma gasped- "and I never saw any of the castle except for the inside of the cupboard in which Hagrid raised me. My kind like the dark and the quiet, we do not seek out the crowded corridors like that of Hogwarts.""But then..." Harry continued on, even though Calla could tell that the spiders were growing restless, and Aragog growing frustrated. It was time to go. "Do you know what did kill that girl? Because whatever it is, it's back now and it's attacked more people-"He was cut off by the sound of moving legs and clicking pincers, the spiders growing more restless. "I can't be the only one who wants to get out of here," Daphne whispered under her breath.Calla wanted to agree, but couldn't bring herself to speak. "The thing that lives in the castle is an ancient creature," said Aragog, "one that we spiders fear above all others.""But what is it?" Harry asked urgently. The spider clicked rapidly and Calla could feel Daphne and Padma begin to back away."We do not speak of it!" snapped Aragog. "We do not even name it, I did not tell even Hagrid the name of that - that dreadful creature, no matter how many times he asked it of me.""Right," Harry said."Harry," Calla said as quietly as she could."We'll just get going then," said Harry, backing away with Calla and Ron, making to turn around."Go?" Aragog said slowly. "No, I think not... I do not prey on humans, at Hagrid's wishes. But I cannot deny my children their food when it so willingly wanders into their grasp. Goodbye, friends of Hagrid."Not willing to wait on Harry's negotiations or the crawling of spiders, Calla turned and ran as fast as she could, Daphne right behind her. She barely got a step before she crashed into a wall of spiders, than pressed in around her. She shrieked, clutching Daphne's arm and tried backing away, only to run right into her brother, who flailed about for his wand.Then there was a blare of light, and a blast like a car's horn, Calla froze and the spiders were thrown aside, crashing into the trees and into each other. The Weasley car thundered down the slope towards them at tremendous speed, flinging spiders out of the way, and Calla breathed an unexpected sigh of relief. Screeching to a halt before them, the car opened its doors. Calla didn't need to be asked to leap inside, still shaking. Daphne crashed in at her side, Padma close behind them while the boys spilled into the front seats, Ron looking terrified and white behind the wheel. Fang was thrown in the back with them, causing Daphne to shriek and shove him onto Padma, who shoved him back. He wound up in calla's arms, shaking and slobbering as the car reared into life and shot off."Wait!" Calla yelled. "I dropped my wand when they got us, we have to find it before we go!""Are you mental?" Ron yelled back, turning around with a horrified face. "I'm getting out of here as fast as I can!""Merlin's sake!" Daphne shouted as they crashed through the undergrowth. She leaned over Padma, who hissed and slinked back, and shoved open the car door, jumping out. The car slowed down somewhat and she ran alongside it."What are you doing?""Looking for your wand!" she yelled, cheeks flushed and for a moment Calla wondered if she was actually enjoying all of this chaos. "I'll grab it and jump back in!""Get in the car!" Padma shouted at her, looking out the back window in terror. "Daphne!""It's fine!" she yelled back, and after a minute where Calla had no idea what to say and everyone else seemed to have been rendered speechless by Daphne's impulsiveness, Daphne stooped down, grabbed something and promptly flung herself back into the car and on top of a disgruntled Padma's lap. The car sped up again as she crawled into the empty space between Padma and Calla in the back. Breathless, she held out the familiar wand to Calla, who stared at it in shock."You're out of your mind," she whispered hollowly, taking it with numb fingers. "Thank - thank you.""Anytime," Daphne said with a grin. She turned immediately to Padma, beaming like she expected praise, but all Padma did was stare.It didn't seem like long before the car took them to the very edge of the forest, where it spit them out onto the ground, turned around and chugged back in amongst the dense trees. Fang scurried off immediately, leaping from Calla's arms as slowly they regained themselves and stood up. Ron was still white-faced, sitting on the ground like he was unable to get up.When finally he regained the feeling in his limbs, he clambered slowly to his feet, swaying slightly. He was a bit green. Calla and the other girls stood with him while Harry went into Hagrid's hut to retrieve the cloak and let Fang back in. "I think I'm going to be sick," Ron said, and promptly did so, leaning over the pumpkin patch and clutching his stomach. Padma let out a gasp of disgust, Daphne glared at him, and Calla watched it all numbly."Follow the spiders," Ron muttered as Harry came back outside. "Of course it was follow the spiders. Why couldn't it have been follow the butterflies?""Because butterflies aren't as murderous," Daphne said, unnervingly cheerful. "And it's Hagrid.""Oh, shut up, Daphne!" Padma spat, rounding on the blonde girl. "Just shut up!""We're lucky to be alive," Ron was muttering to himself, leaning against Harry. "Oh, I'm going to kill Hagrid.""He probably didn't think the spiders would hurt his friends," Harry reasoned. He glanced at Calla and offered a sympathetic smile. "Are you alright? Your wand's still okay, isn't it, no one stood on it?"For what she thought might have been the first time, Calla looked at her wand, which didn't have so much as a scratch on it. She breathed a sigh of relief. "Yeah," she said quietly. "Yeah, it's... Fine, somehow.""Hagrid never thinks," Ron muttered, thumping his hand against the wall. "He loves all these dangerous monsters, says they won't hurt anyone and look where all of this has gotten him, eh? A cell in Azkaban, that's where!""Let's just go," Calla said, reading Ron's nerves and the tension between Daphne and Padma."Hold on," Harry said quietly, though he made off up the path with them. "We need to talk about this; why might not get a chance.""Well," Padma said as he threw the Invisibility Cloak over all of them. "Now we all know that it wasn't Hagrid who opened the Chamber of Secrets. He was innocent this whole time, just like I thought." Ron gave a derisive snort. "But this does beg the question of who opened it this time.""Why are you looking at me?" asked Daphne, staring. "I didn't do it!""We know-" Calla began, but was cut off."Well, you did seem quite determined to blame Hagrid, didn't you? And you couldn't wait to get away from the spiders.""Because they were going to kill us!" Daphne shrieked in indignance."And you've been messing with Calla's wand all year!""What?" asked Harry, mouth hanging open in shock. Calla reeled back in surprise; she didn't expect Padma to actually come out and accuse Daphne in front of everybody. "You've been tampering with Calla's wand?""I have not!" Daphne yelled, face flushed and tears glistening in her eyes. "And I've tried to explain but clearly you won't even trust me so I might as well go!"She tossed the cloak off and stomped off up to the castle. Calla took off after her as fast as she could, ignoring Harry and Ron's protestations. "Daphne!" she shouted, scrambling to get her map out so they wouldn't be caught. "Daphne, wait, you know I don't believe that!" But Daphne didn't seem to have noticed Calla, and she flung the doors to the entrance hall open. Calla yanked her back just as McGonagall and Flitwick were about to round the corner. She pulled her under the cloak with the others, holding her in place. They all at least had the sense not to speak, just shuffle back to the Ravenclaw Tower where the three girls could sneak inside. The moment they did, Padma rounded on Daphne furiously and said, "I don't care what your excuse is this time. You've betrayed us before and you have again and I don't trust that you won't do it a third time!""Padma, please-""I'm going to the dormitory." She grabbed ahold of Calla by the elbow. "Come on.""Daphne, I'm sorry-"But Padma dragged her away and Daphne turned her back as they slammed the dormitory door closed. Padma went straight to bed, shaking under the covers, but Calla stayed awake for a long time, waiting on Daphne returning. But she never did and Calla never managed to fall asleep.The sun was already coming up when she decided to get out of her bed and start drafting a letter to Uncle Moony. She didn't know if he'd be able to help with any of this at all, but she had to tell him to get out everything she worried over, and to pass the time until she could rouse the other girls in her dormitory.Dear Uncle Moony, she began, and then stopped as she realised she had no idea how to put everything into words without worrying him.Things are getting worse here, she wrote nervously, hand shaking and quill scratching unevenly at the page. Hermione's been Petrified, and a Ravenclaw prefect called Penelope. They've made Dumbledore leave and Hagrid's been taken to Azkaban because they think it's his fault but it's not and it's completely unfair and they have no proof but I'm sure that Lucius Malfoy's been interfering with things and that's why they've both had to go even though everybody knows Dumbledore is what keeps Hogwarts safe! People are saying that they might have to close Hogwarts, but they can't do that, right? We wouldn't the able to learn otherwise and the school hasn't been closed in almost a thousand years. I don't know where Harry and I would go. The Dursleys would gloat the whole time and I don't know if the Muggle education system would let us back in after two years of absence - how does that even work with the two systems, surely the Muggle authorities would have to make sure we went to a school they knew of? I suppose someone in the Ministry figures these things out.Anyway, Daphne and Padma are still arguing and they're doing my head in because Padma thinks Daphne's behind all of this even thought I'm sure that she's wrong because Daphne wouldn't do that. She thinks that Daphne's the reason my wand's been acting up recently, but I really don't think she is because it doesn't make any sense. I know she's been a not very great friend recently but she wouldn't damage my wand - she even saved it tonight when we got attacked by giant spiders (more on that later). She paused over her next words, uncertain if it was something she could even bring herself to put down in paper. She was scared to even think it.I don't think my wand's the problem. I think maybe I'm just not very good at magic and because it's been more and more difficult this year, and with everything going on, I'm struggling. I don't want to and I wish that I was better, like Harry is, because he's a great wizard and I still can barely turn a porcupine into a pin cushion. I can't even get it to stop running away from me. It might be silly and I don't like to bother you but I don't want to talk to Harry because he'll probably tell Ron and he doesn't really get it and I feel stupid talking about it and it feels a bit easier to write down for some reason even if it is really embarrassing. Anyway, I said I'd tell you about the giant spiders and don't worry because we're all fine, but we decided to follow the spiders so we could find out more about the chamber of secrets and we found out that it wasn't Hagrid at all. I thought that, but it's good to have it confirmed. Unfortunately we did then get attacked by giant spiders, but we all got out fine apart from Ron, who's a bit scared of spiders and threw up in Hagrid's pumpkin patch.Other than that we're all okay. I don't want you to worry about me because I think I'm okay, I just need to tell someone about things. Hope to hear from you soon, and Harry and I both love you very, very much!All my love,CallaShe folded the letter up and, right on cue, Moony came flying into the window. Calla let her in and she gave a loud hoot that startled both Lisa and Mandy out of their beds."That bloody owl of yours!" Lisa shouted, groaning as she flopped back down onto her mattress. "Can't you just go to the owlery?"Calla ignored her, stroking Moony's feathers as she tied the letter to her leg. "Take this to Uncle Moony," she said, and handed Moony a few owl treats which she gobbled down. She gave a very soft, affectionate sort of hoot, and then fluttered off out of the window. Calla watched her go nervously, tiredness finally setting in. From the clock beside Isobel's bed, it was half past five in the morning. She shut the window and fell back into bed, shutting her eyes and falling into an uneasy, short sleep.XxxxxLost: Thank you! I'm super excited to explore the relationship between Calla and Sirius and it's part of the reason I'm so psyched for writing third year because I can't wait to develop it and work out how it changes the dynamic of existing relationships and how their relationship works out!AStrangeHopefulDreamer: Daphne's storyline and character is one I'm really excited about exploring in this fic so I'm glad you're excited to! The deal with Calla's wand will also be explored, and it's something I'm really enjoying working out. Thanks to everyone who reviewed, favourited and followed, it means the absolute world to me to know what you all think of Calla and her story!! Much love! Xx

Daphne was already in the Great Hall when the Ravenclaws went down for breakfast, looking exhausted and puffy-eyed. Calla made to go sit by her, but Padma took a seat at the complete other end of the table and glared the entire length of it down to Daphne.On awkward footing and unsure of what to do, Calla turned around and made her way to the Gryffindor table where Harry and Ron already sat, heads bent in deep. Harry looked up when she arrived, and scooted away from Ron to make space for her. "All these times we were down in her bathroom and she was only three cubicles away," Ron moaned on Calla's other side, "and we could have asked her and now we can't."She frowned at him. "What?" She'd barely managed to think on last night, despite having so much time to do so."Moaning Myrtle," Harry supplied in a quiet voice. "Aragog said the girl who died was found in a bathroom, remember? Well, we thought it might be Myrtle.""Oh." She nodded absently, head a bit fuzzy from so little sleep. "Right. So you're going to try and talk to her then, I guess?"But Harry didn't reply. He was frowning at her in deep concern. "You look exhausted," he said. "Didn't you get to sleep last night?""For about an hour," she said, yawning. "I'm fine though.""An hour?" He took a plate from the middle of the table and began heaping it with food. The smell of bacon turned her stomach. "Calla, you must be exhausted!""I'm fine," she insisted, though she took the toast and banana that he offered. "Promise. I'll get an early tonight," she teased.He nodded grudgingly. "Just make sure you're sleeping better. We - well, we all need to be alert, don't we?"Blinking stupidly in her tiredness, it took Calla a moment to register what Harry was worried about. She gave him what she hoped was a reassuring smile and a one-armed hug. "I'm not going to get Petrified," she told him firmly. "I'm fine. And so are you, just - just be careful.""I always am," he said, and then she shoved his shoulder and he laughed and the mood lightened somewhat, somehow.Still, after breakfast Calla didn't have any classes with Harry until Transfiguration at the end of the day, and she spent most of that time worrying about the chamber of secrets. It definitely wasn't Hagrid, and she was sure it wasn't Daphne, but then who could it be? And more importantly, what was the creature in the chamber? If only she'd been able to get into the library and read up on beasts, but it was closed to students now and she didn't want to bother anyone for books in the common room, considering how worried everyone was about Penelope. Some part of her had thought, had hoped, that with all the Ravenclaws gathered together they might be able to figure out the monster, but so far it didn't seem anyone had. And that honestly was one of the things that worried Calla the most.Her Defense Against the Dark Arts class was a nonsense as usual, with Lockhart assuring them that the creature would be found soon enough, something absolutely no one believed. Herbology with Slytherin was also a disaster after she spilled soil all over Pansy Parkinson and broke Blaise Zabini's plantpot trying to clean up the mess with her wand. He'd eventually tidied for her, with a remark about getting her wand checked out that set her cheeks on fire.By the time she got to Transfiguration, running on an hour of sleep, Calla was close to bursting into tears at any moment. This was not helped at all by McGonagall's announcement that their exams would be held in a week's time."But you can't still do exams!" Seamus Finnigan insisted, quite offended by the idea. The Ravenclaws whispered amongst one another - Calla knew Lisa, Sue and Michael were the only ones to have done any substantial studying."Professor, hardly anyone's been able to study!""Be that as it may, the point of Hogwarts remaining open at this one is to continue your education - which includes, I'm afraid, end of year examinations."Calla buried her head in her arms. She hadn't studied at all, given everything, and her magic clearly wasn't working at all. She'd scraped passes in most classes mid-year; she doubted she'd pass anything except History of Magic at the rate she was going now. The rest of the class protested over and over to McGonagall, but there was no use in trying to get out of exams even if they all had good reason. Their own classmate had been petrified after all.She left the class in an even worse mood than she'd entered, with Padma and Harry either side of her complaining, and a very furious Ron on Harry's other side. "She can't make us do exams!" Ron insisted. "It's ridiculous, it's completely unfair!" He held up his busted wand, which was emitting a faint whistling sound. "Can you imagine me sitting exams with this thing?""She can and she will, Ron," Padma said tiredly. "I'd better get studying; there's Parvati." She slipped away and Daphne was quick to take her place."So," she said with a vey forced smile. "Figured out who the Heir of Slytherin is yet?""No," Harry said shortly, giving her a sharp look. Calla's stomach swam as it occurred to her he might have agreed with what Padma had shouted the night before. "It's not something to grin about."The smile fell from Daphne's face. "Right," she said. "Sorry. Calla, are you coming back to the common room? I guess I'll be needing your help on the goblin wars, that was the topic you took notes on?" Away back at the beginning of the year all the Ravenclaws had divided up note taking for History of Magic, so that they could discuss the topics better as a group and so those who didn't need to could sleep through class.In honesty, Calla has quite forgotten about the arrangement but she nodded anyway. "I'm sure I can find the notes somewhere. And just so you know," she said, dropping her voice, "I know you didn't do anything to my wand, and you didn't have anything to do with the chamber.""Thanks," Daphne said shortly, looking along the corridor wistfully. "I just wish Padma agreed with you."X"Alright everybody!" called a sixth year Ravenclaw boy in the common room after dinner. Heads turned in his directions, stolen away from studying. "So, exams are coming up, which I think we can all agree is completely unfair.""Hear, hear!""We have about a week to cram everything we've learned which for most of us isn't a lot. We've come to a decision that priority in studying should be given to fifth and seventh years, since they're sitting their O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s this year! Everybody else, we're going to pool all our knowledge and notes from years past to try and get people through their exams. The sixth years will lead most of this to take pressure off the fifth and seventh year students. First years, don't worry too much, your exams don't count for too much and most teachers except Snape will be lenient given the circumstances. We have seven days, So tomorrow night we'll be hosting sessions for Potions and Care of Magical Creatures, Tuesday we'll focus on Transfiguration and Muggle Studies, on Wednesday it'll be Charms and Divination, Thursday will be Herbology and Arithmancy, Friday will be Astronomy and Ancient Runes, Saturday is Defense and History, and Sunday will be a general night for any questions and last minute studying people need to do."He smiled unevenly. "Mark that in your timetables. Audrey-" he gestured to a brunette girl near him -"will be putting up a notice on the pin board for anyone who forgets or isn't sure. It's important that everyone gets sleep and eats properly too, so please look after yourselves, too, and stay alert." He bit his lip. "Exams are one thing, but your lives are far more important."With that, he stepped down. There was a smattering of applause from around the room, and Calla turned dejectedly back to the porcupine that Lisa and Mandy had smuggled into the common room to practice on. She waved her wand and uttered the incantation to turn it into a pin cushion but all it did was give a small jump, glare at her, and then run over to the other side of the table. She slumped forward in exasperation."I'm going to fail," she declared. Padma rubbed her shoulder sympathetically."On the bright side, you're definitely not going to be the only one."XDear Calla,I am so so sorry to hear about Hermione. What's happening at Hogwarts is terrible and I can't say I wouldn't rather you were both out of there and safe rather than in so much danger. If the school does have to close, I will do what I can to try and be able to look after you instead of the Dursleys. Dumbledore would never allow me to have custody and there were too many hoops they all tried to make me jump through, but you can't spend the rest of your lives completely removed from the magical world and anyone with any sense must be able to see that.Please, please don't do anything rash or reckless. I know last year you and Harry felt you had to save the stone, but this is not your fight. You are children, whether you like it or not, and your parents have their lives for you both to live; don't throw away their sacrifice. I understand why you want to help but it is not your job and it should not be put on two twelve year olds.Stay safe until you return from school. I don't care what you get in your exams, just so long as you come back to me safe. I said earlier this year that I might be able to keep you both with me for the Summer - I'm still working on it but hopefully you will be able to see me sometime around your birthday.Again, stay safe, and keep your brother safe, too. I will see you again as soon as I can.All my love,Uncle MoonyIt didn't say anything about her magic not working or offer a solution, but even just seeing his handwriting made Calla feel a bit better. She set the letter aside and drafted a reply.Dear Uncle Moony,I'm doing my best to stay safe. The teachers are keeping close eyes on all of us, but all anyone wants is for things to go back to normal. I'm trying to keep Harry out of trouble, but you know what he's like. I won't go looking for trouble, I promise. We'll stay safe and we always look after each other.I hope we're able to see you soon - I've missed you! I promise to stay safe, and I'm going to make sure Harry does too.Lots of love,Calla PotterXIt was three days before the exams were due to begin when McGonagall got up in the middle of breakfast to make another announcement to the school. The Great Hall went silent, everyone nervous and excited to hear what she had to say to them."I have good news," she said, and the Great Hall burst into a flurry of excitement."Dumbledore's coming back!" was the cry that came from several people across the Hall."You've caught the Heir of Slytherin!" squealed Sue, beaming."Quidditch matches are back on!" That last one came from Oliver Wood, the Gryffindor Captain.Calla sat up eagerly to see what McGonagall was about to tell them. "Professor Sprout has informed me," she said as the hubbub of the Hall began to calm down, "that the mandrakes are at last ready for cutting. Tonight we will be able to revive all of those who have been Petrified. I need hardly to remind you all that one of the victims, once revived, may be able to inform of us of who or what was behind these attacks. I hope that this dreadful year will finally come to an end, with us catching the culprit."The hall erupted into cheers from all sides, and some of the sixth year girls grabbed each other in relief at the knowledge Penelope would be returning to them soon. Calla cheered along with them, flooded with relief and joy that Hermione would be returning to them soon; and likely with the knowledge of who the Heir of Slytherin truly was, if she knew the girl at all."Thank goodness," said Daphne, beaming. "Hogwarts won't have to close at all then, and we'll have everyone back!""I suppose you're furious," Padma said icily.Daphne froze. "I've told you-""Stop," Calla whispered, exasperatedly. "Can't we just celebrate the fact that the Petrified students are going to be alright instead of fighting and accusing each other over and over again?"XCalla didn't get a chance to speak to Harry until their History of Magic class later that day. She'd been largely ignoring Daphne and Padma, who would only argue if they were made to be near each other, opting to stick by Isobel and Anthony during lessons.They made their way back up to the castle after Herbology, all of them wishing that they could stay in the warm sun for just a short while longer. When Professor Sprout ushered them into their class, Binns was already there, looking rather tired as he floated about the room. The Gryffindors came in a moment later, and Calla craned her neck to try and get Harry to join her at her desk, but he didn't come in with the rest. She froze, stomach plummeting."Lavender," she whispered, stretching across her desk. "Where are Harry and Ron?"Lavender's head snapped around, and her mouth fell open. "I - I don't know. They were with us when we left Defense Against the Dark Arts." Calla groaned into her arms. It was only a matter of time before Lockhart let someone slip away unnoticed, and lost sight of a student in his care. And it just had to be Harry, of course it did."I'm sure he'll be fine," Parvati said in what was probably meant to be a reassuring voice, but did very little to actually reassure Calla.She thrummed her fingers on the edge of the desk, remembering her promise to Uncle Moony. She'd stay safe - but she had to keep Harry safe too, and he'd gone wandering off and missed his class with the Heir of Slytherin still loose.She knew where he must have gone; to speak to Moaning Myrtle. She glanced to the classroom door, considering going after him but too scared to move from her seat. It was like she was glued there, stuck running over every terrible eventuality in her head.Professor Binns began his lecture, apparently oblivious to the fact that he was missing two students, and Calla heard her heartbeat picking up. There was a twinge in her forehead, then a blazing pain as the world flashed white and disappeared.She was standing in a dark chamber, with the walls covered in slime and mulch. There was a grand statue of a man's face, with what looked like a massive serpent coming out of his mouth. She shuddered, tearing her eyes away to see a tiny form huddled on the floor, pale and cold and red-haired.Her stomach plummeted. She tried moving towards the figure but was rooted to the spot. A cold hand laid itself on her arm and she froze, shuddering away, but the hand curled into ghostly, translucent smoke and disappeared. Water was splashed across the floor, with her own reflection staring up at her, and a hiss echoed around the chamber.She shuddered at the sound of slithering scales. It was a snake. A giant snake. Of course.Then the vision shuddered and turned around so fast Calla felt like she'd been shoved. She recognised the figure huddling on the ground, pale and shaking, with a nasty scar running down his forearm and bleeding. Harry.She lunged away, squeezing her eyes shut, and found herself back in History of Magic, leaning against the back of her chair and almost tipped over. Padma pulled her back upright, staring. "Are you alright?" she whispered.Calla was internally debating whether to tell Padma about what she'd seen, when a voice rang out around the classroom - Professor McGonagall's voice. "All students are to return to their house common rooms at once. All staff to report to the staff room. Immediately, please."Her blood went cold. There was only one reason why they'd be ordered to the common room in the middle of classes, and it was a possibility she'd never wanted to think of. Someone must have been attacked, and judging by their absence, she was terrified it was Harry or Ron, or both of them.Padma hoisted her out of her seat, staring around. "I'm sure it isn't him," she said quietly to Calla so no one else could hear. "He'll be okay, he always is."Not listening, Calla fumbled in her bag for the Marauder's Map and pulled it out. She quickly whispered the words to open it, and it revealed itself quickly, ink dancing across the parchment. Her eyes searched frantically for Harry's name, and every second that went by while she couldn't see it made her stomach turn in terror. Her brother couldn't have been hurt, could he? And the vision that she'd just had, a red headed figure on the floor, that couldn't be Ron. No, it had too long hair, it couldn't -"Ginny," she whispered, heart hammering."What?" Padma asked from her side, peering at the map.But her eyes had finally found Ron and Harry, hidden in a cupboard of some sorts in the staff room. The teachers were all already crowding in there, and she was only slightly relieved. That didn't mean they were safe, but at least there were staff on hand. Unless they'd been Petrified there.But that was ridiculous, wasn't it? They weren't muggleborns. But their mother was, Calla realised, and there were plenty of people who didn't like muggleborns who also supported You-Know-Who back in the day, she knew that. Terror ran through her again and she veered off to the left quicker than Padma could follow. There was a passage around a couple of corners and behind the portrait of Morgana, and she quickly said, "Lidium," like the figure on the map and it swung open. "Thank you," she said quietly, closing it behind her and sprinting down the spiral stairs.It had been blocked up behind the staff room, but she could still hear through the wall what they were saying."A student has been taken into the chamber," said McGonagall soberly."Who?" asked Professor Sprout's voice, sounding fearful.McGonagall hesitated before she spoke. "Ginny Weasley."It was like the bottom of her stomach had fallen out entirely. Calla thought she might be sick. So Ginny had been taken, and she was down there all on her own, cold and hurt and alone and probably terrified - if she was even still conscious."There is no doubt about it now," McGonagall continued. "The school will have to be closed. The Hogwarts Express will be here tomorrow morning to take all of the students home to their families."Calla kept a firm eye on the map, watching to make sure Harry and Ron didn't move. Then another dot burst into the side of the staff room, and she heard the distinct sound of a door banging open. She had hoped for a fleeting second it was Dumbledore back to save the day and the school, but a quick glance at the map told her it was Lockhart and her heart fell."Oh, so sorry," he said. "Must have dozed off. What have I missed?"She resisted the urge to let out a sob of pure frustration. "Just the man," came Snape's silky voice. "Just the very man. It seems that your time has come at last, Gilderoy."His time for what? Calla felt ill; surely they weren't considering sending Lockhart down to rescue Ginny? He'd get them both killed."H-has it indeed?" Lockhart asked, voice trembling."Why, yes," said Professor Sprout. "Weren't you telling me only yesterday that you knew where the chamber of secrets was and you only wished that you could've had a crack at the creature before they took Hagrid away.""Ah, well, you see-""Ah, come now, Gilderoy," Flitwick said, a hint of smugness in his voice. "Surely you're up to the job as you've been telling us?""Of course," Lockhart said, voice cracking nervously. Calla didn't blame him for being terrified, but he'd brought it upon himself with his bragging. All year he'd been saying that he could defeat the heir, and now his time came and he was barely capable of stringing a sentence together at the thought. He was, Calla realised with a start, a coward. "I'll, er, just get to my office to get ready. Preparations, you see, yes." There was the sound of someone fumbling, and the door opening and closing again."Well," said Professor McGonagall's voice. "That's gotten him out from under our feet alright."Calla sank down against the wall. She had to think. Ginny was down in the chamber but from her vision she didn't seem yet; nor did it seem like anyone else was going to save her anytime soon. She hadn't seen the girl much this year at all, come to think of it, and not nearly as much as she would have liked to. But she was Ron's sister, and she was her friend and she was only eleven. She must be so scared, she thought, and it was with that that she pulled a piece of parchment and a quill from her bag and set about writing very sloppily against the dusty stone floor.FACTSAttack number one outside Myrtle's bathroomAttack number two near the Hospital WingAttack number three in a corridor near the library Attack number four also near the libraryShe tried to think of what these places all had in common but other than the two near the library, she had no idea. With a frustrated sigh, she drew a line and started scribbling down again.Harry can hear the voice before attacksI can see attacks before they happenShe pursed her lips. Was there a connection there, to You-Know-Who, if both of them had some sort of forewarning? It wasn't a fat, but she scribbled it at the side of her parchment as a potential thought, though it chilled her to the bone. Could it be to do with him? Could he have sent one of his people to carry out this work for him at Hogwarts? But they'd only seen things directly tied to him before... Did that mean that he was here?She pushed that thought away, too terrified to think of it. She hadn't met him last time but she'd been close enough that it terrified her.Harry can talk to snakes and hear the voicePossibly it is a snake? - would make sense because Slytherin's symbol is a snakeBut how was it getting around? Everyone would notice a snake, and besides, the students had been Petrified not bitten. It was like they'd been turned to stone.Her heart caught in her chest. Of course!She scrambled for her knowledge of Greek myths, of Medusa and her sisters - what were they called? Gorgons. She wrote the word down in great big letters, hands shaking.Medusa didn't kill, but she turned her prey to stone. Perseus had survived her lair by using his shield as a mirror - maybe that was what Hermione was trying to do, she thought, with that mirror she'd held and that Calla had seen in her vision. How had it taken her so long to realise, to even sit down and try to think it through.But it still didn't explain how the gorgon got around - maybe the snakes were concealed under a hat, but that didn't allow for the power of its eyes. There was no one she could think of in Hogwarts who routinely wore sunglasses.She had to have a plan, she thought, but there was none. Harry and Ron had ran back to Gryffindor Tower according to the map, and Flitwick was already just around the corner from the Ravenclaw common room - there was no way she'd get back in time. She huddled in the dark passage, thinking. She'd told Uncle Moony she'd stay safe. This wasn't very safe.She had to get back to the Tower, somehow. People would worry. But Ginny was still alone and she didn't trust Lockhart to have any idea where she really was. Maybe if she found Harry, told him what she thought... But how could she get to Gryffindor Tower and get in? She didn't even know the password.She squeezed her eyes shut, pressing her forehead against the cold stones. She had to do something, she knew that, but she had to be sensible about it. She needed a plan - and she needed her brother, too.Then Calla remembered a revision method that Anthony had shared with her; he liked to make bullet points of information as well as bullet points for planning essays so that he had a general outline to go off of. She had no idea yet what that may be, but she was running out of ideas and if it worked, it could help to save her brother and Ginny.1. Stop Harry from going to the Chamber of Secrets.But he was already far away, and Gryffindor Tower had people all around it. Ron hadn't been in the vision, which was odd because Harry and Ron wouldn't go without each other. A horrible, sickly thought went through her. Had something happened to Ron in this version of the future?She scored out point number one. Harry wouldn't stay in Gryffindor Tower if he thought that someone was in danger, which meant that she had to get in and get Ginny out before her brother had a chance to put his own life in danger. Even if he did go down, if she was there then she knew what would happen and he'd have someone on hand to help him and to stop her vision from coming true. To stop him from dying down there as she was so sure would happen.1. Find out where the Chamber of Secrets is, and get inside.2. Find Ginny and get her out and safe.3. If possible, find the Heir of Slytherin and stop them.She wanted to know who the heir was of course she did, but Ginny and her brother's lives were far more important than that. She had to think short-term and the immediate future."Right," she whispered to herself. She still didn't know what to expect - but, she realised, she could try her utmost to find out. "I'm going to go to the Chamber of Secrets."If her visions were spawned by choices, then surely she would be able to see her choice's outcome, and where it took her? If she really, really tried. She squeezed her eyes shut, thinking of the chamber and her choice over and over in her head but there was nothing new, nothing to help her to actually get down there. Still, there was a very small tug behind her scar on her forehead, something trying to break through into her thoughts. She squeezed her eyes even harder shut, wishing that she could see something, anything, but there was still nothing. Every moment in that passage was a moment wasted.What was the point, she thought, of being able to see the future if she couldn't control what she saw? If she couldn't see what she wanted to - what she really, really needed to?With a groan, Calla crumpled up her parchment and stuffed it in her bag. There had to be something else, some way she could figure it out. But her head was completely blank as she sagged against the wall hopelessly, unable to think at all. And then a voice snuck into her head; a nasal, mocking voice of a long-dead teenage girl. "Can't you just work it out for yourself?"She leapt to her feet, almost hitting her head off the ceiling in the process. The bathroom! It was the site of the first attack, it was a likely point for the creature to spawn - and, if she looked at the map, she could see that the other three locations all got gradually further away. She examined the map, trying to figure out if it could give her any hints. What linked the locations to the bathroom, and how could the creature get from there to the other places without being spotted? If it'd been kept in the bathroom then how could they have possibly missed it all the times that they'd been there, brewing Polyjuice Potion? Unless it wasn't in the bathroom at all... But she had to trust that there was a lead in there somewhere.Wishing she'd been able to think of all of this beforehand, Calla examined her map and snuck off down the passage, taking the stairs until she came out near the dungeons. From there, she saw on the Map that Snape was coming along the corridor from the Slytherin common room to the Potions classroom. She kept her back to the wall, breathing as quietly as she could until she was sure that he was gone and not going to catch her, then snuck out from behind a tapestry and tiptoed upstairs. It surprised her that no one was thinking to guard the bathroom, especially since it was the scene of the first attack, but she was relieved by the corridor's emptiness all the same.Myrtle's bathroom was unnervingly silent when Calla slipped inside. Her stomach swam with nerves and she nervously called out, "Myrtle?"The ghost girl swooped out from her cubicle. "So you're back again, are you? What do you need this time?""Myrtle," Calla began cautiously. She didn't know how to broach the subject, or quite what the subject was. She should have done more and planned more and thought more, because now she just had no idea what to do. Were ghosts really sensitive about their deaths? Nearly Headless Nick had celebrated his, after all, but the Grey Lady never spoke of it. Then again, the Grey Lady rarely spoke at all."I was wondering," she said, sounding awkward even to her own ears and wishing someone else was here to figure out what to say. Harry, really. She needed Harry because he was much better at dealing with these things while she just put facts together. "You don't happen to know about any snakes down here? Or people with... Snakes for hair? Taking someone, a girl, somewhere?"Myrtle looked at her. "What are you talking about? I haven't seen anything about snakes, thank you very much. Maybe you should ask your brother - I heard he speaks to them!""And who told you that?" Calla asked, surprising herself."The girl did," Myrtle said, quite cheerfully. "The little Weasley girl. Well, I heard her talking about it, I don't know who to. She speaks to them too." Calla's blood ran cold. What. "I've heard her... Hissing." Myrtle's eyes were alive with malice. "In my day they would have called her a freak."Calla barely had the capacity to speak. If Ginny spoke Parseltongue... But that was ridiculous! She couldn't be the Heir of Slytherin, and Ron didn't speak Parseltongue and all the Weasleys had always been in Gryffindor, hadn't they? And someone would've noticed, wouldn't they? Ron or Percy or Fred or George or even Harry and Hermione. Someone should have noticed.But it would explain why she'd gone to the chamber. But why? Why would she take herself there? She felt sick at the possibilities. "Where - Where was she hissing, Myrtle?" Calla asked, trying to keep her voice as even as possible."Somewhere over there," Myrtle said, gesturing to the sinks. Of course, Calla thought. If someone could get under the sinks there must be a great gap, maybe near the lake, where the plumbing would be, giving free space for a great chamber."Right," Calla said, hurrying around. Her eyes caught on one sink where the taps had snakes engraved in them, and she knew that she'd found the right one. "Myrtle, what was she hissing?""Oh, I don't know," Myrtle said. "I don't speak to snakes.""Well, can you imitate what it sounded like then?""It was hissing." Myrtle made a sound like a paint can.Calla hopelessly replicated, but nothing happened. Frustrated, she resisted the urge to kick the sink into obedience - maybe if she opened up a massive hole in the ceramics there would be no need for a secret way down. "Can't you do any better?""It's not my fault I don't speak to snakes," Myrtle said pouting. "I thought you were nice, but I'm not going to help if you just snap at me.""I'm sorry, Myrtle," Calla said wearily. "But this is important, and people are in danger. I'm just... Worried."But Myrtle didn't say anything else. Instead she just crossed her arms, pouted, and flew back into a toilet with a tremendous splash. And that, Calla supposed, was the end of that.She turned back the sink with a sigh. There weren't many options now, and so she started to hiss and hiss and hiss, hoping something worked. It didn't."Oh come on," she muttered. There had to be some sort of spell to help with this, didn't there? She wracked her brain but nothing was coming to her. Gingerly, she pulled her wand out, tapping it against the sink. It didn't do anything; she wasn't surprised. Calla ran through every spell that she could but there was nothing to help her talk to snakes.And then she stopped. Of course. Nervously she raised her wand, pointing it at the sink. She didn't know quite if the spell would work - actually, she heavily doubted it, seeing as her magic routinely failed her these days - but she tried it anyway. "Serpensortia!" she said, and to her utmost surprise and shock, a real snake leapt from the tip of her wand. It curled around the edge of the sink and moved to stare at her with narrow yellow eyes. It hissed, but upon realising hat Calla would not hiss back, turned back to the taps and wrapped itself around them."Can you..." Calla began timidly, as the snake fixed its gaze on her "...tell it to open?"The snake didn't seem to know what she said, which wasn't surprising, but then Calla felt a strange jolt behind her naval, of something calling out to her magic. The snake moved upwards to look her in the eye and then hissed something unintelligible.And the sink began to move.XThe chamber was colder than she'd thought, and it was so dark that she could barely see in front of her. Calla shivered, wrapping her cloak tighter around her and wishing she had something warmer with her. But this wasn't the time for comfort.She got two steps before freezing, heart hammering. Why had she come down here? She had to save Ginny but how on earth was she meant to do that? Her wand didn't even work - her magic didn't work!But she had to keep going. Harry would have kept going. She wasn't her brother. She squeezed her eyes shut, trying to steel her nerves. Would he come and find her? She hoped that he might.Trying not to fall, Calla forced herself to keep moving. Be smart, she told herself, pulling out her compact mirror. She was really glad now that Daphne had leant it to her last week. She flipped it open, keeping her head down and hoping that she could avoid death by senses and instincts alone. It was a rubbish plan and not a very clever one, and she felt rather foolish now for thinking she could do this by herself. She didn't want Harry to be here and die, but she was scared that she might be the one to die instead if she wasn't careful.In an attempt at bravery, Calla shuffled forward, peering around a corner nervously. There was nothing but darkness and stone ahead. She crept further along, past a wall covered in slime and what might have been a form of seaweed, if they were close enough to a see. She supposed it came from the loch in the castle grounds, and by the looks of things they were right under it. She tried not to think about the giant squid bursting through the roof.Then she rounded a corner and fell entirely silent. There was little Ginny Weasley's body, curled up and shaking on the ground. She looked pale, even paler than usual lately, so that her freckles were almost unnoticeable. The breath left Calla and she stood, frozen. She'd gotten this far, now she had to get Ginny out and bring her back safe before Harry could get wind of things and come rushing in.Cautiously, she made her way around the edge of the giant chamber, keeping into the shadows. She could keep her eye on Ginny this way, and held her mirror out in front of her just in case. When she couldn't see any sign of a snake or of anybody else in the chamber, she gathered what little courage she had and pushed herself across the floor to Ginny, willing her feet to move even as her every rational instinct screamed at her to just run.She'd just clasped her hand around the top of Ginny's arm when a sharp pain shot through her head. She staggered back, giving a yell of fright. Her feet landed in the spilled water and she slipped, sprawling onto the cold, hard stone floor. Shock rattled through her bones as she tried to heave herself up.There was a figure coming through the chamber's shadows, pale and wraith-like, as though he were made of smoke. But as he got closer, the figure began to look more solid, and the pain going through Calla's skull intensified. "What do we have here?" the figure said. He bent down at Calla's side and she scrambled away. Her chest felt like it might burst from panic as she moved, struggling up to her feet."G-get away," she said meekly, wishing that she could sound just a little bit braver. Every part of her magic seemed to be pulling away from the figure, her muscles tightening from fear."Now, now," said the boy, lips curving into a dangerous smile. Every word he spoke made Calla feel more and more tired; she was weighed down by them. "Don't fret, you'll be alright. What's your name?"Calla got the distinct impression that she shouldn't trust this boy with anything, let alone her own name. But she was too terrified to say anything to him, and kept her lips pressed tight together, staring at the boy until he chuckled. "Alright, alright. How did you find us then?"Again, she kept quiet. She tightened her grip on her wand and tried looking the boy in the eye. He was handsome but his smile was twisted and it made Calla's stomach churn."You won't speak?" The boy still kept smiling. "I see, I see. You're scared."She wanted to deny it but it was true. And the fight was draining from her already. She went over her bullet points in her head.Get into the chamber. Find Ginny. Get Ginny out and safe. If possible, find out who's been behind the attacks.She had done the two now, and she was willing to bet that the strange boy had something to do with the attacks. Except she didn't recognise him, and his uniform wasn't the usual one; it looked older, outdated. There was the Slytherin crest on his robes though, close to confirming her theory.But that wasn't the priority, even if she so desperately wanted to know.She moved back to Ginny, ignoring the painful twinge in her forehead, and held her under the arms. She'd underestimated how heavy her little body could be, as she tried to drag her back. Briefly she considered doing a charm to alleviate some of the weight but there was no knowing if it would work at all or even if it might do her some damage.The boy only watched her in amusement. She didn't suppose it was worth it to ask him for help. Trying to drag Ginny off, Calla took in her surroundings, looking for anything she might be able to use to aid them. But there was only the boy's wand - she couldn't see where Ginny's was - and a small black book lying on the ground.The diary.Her stomach plummeted and she almost dropped Ginny in shock. "She won't wake," the boy said casually to her. "It'll do neither of you any good trying to take her away."She didn't want to believe him. Ginny still had a pulse, however faint. But she kept her eyes trained between him and the diary, a horrid cold feeling creeping its way up her arms. That diary had made her feel awful every time she'd seen it, and had accused Hagrid, and seeing it down here led her to only one conclusion, as horrible and terrifying as it was."You're Tom Riddle," she said, voice shaking.The boy's eyes widened in surprise for a second, then narrowed in suspicion. "And how do you know that?""So you are," she said, now feeling quite breathless and more than a little faint. She wanted to ask more questions but now, she had to remind herself, was really not the time for curiosity. She tugged Ginny backwards a bit, though her arms felt little lighter than lead. "Well, nice to meet you.""Oh, I don't think we're done yet," crooned Tom Riddle. Now his features seemed to be even further twisted, even more distorted and terrifying. She tightened her grip on Ginny and shuffled backwards as fast as she could. "Drop the girl."Calla was horrified to find that her body tried to obey. She clutched Ginny all the tighter, but it was a harder effort; her fingers were trying to uncurl on their own accord, to let go of Ginny and let her slip out of Calla's grasp. She wouldn't let them; she had to get Ginny to safety.Tom Riddle was regarding her curiously and Calla didn't like it one bit. "What's your name, girl?" She kept her mouth shut and he tried again, eyes focused intently on her. "What's your name?"Calla. The word struggled against the tip of her tongue but she kept it shut. Why should she have to tell him?"You know, most would have given into my charms by now." He smiled. "What makes you so special?"She tugged Ginny away but the girl was like lead in her arms. With a huff of strength, she panted, trying to keep herself standing even if she was standing on very shaky legs."Aren't you going to answer me?" Tom Riddle asked, voice sharper and demanding.Calla shook her head, trying again to pull Ginny away. But she could feel her own eyes closing, and she just felt so, so heavy, and so, so tired. Fighting to keep awake, she kept moving, as Tom Riddle edged further and further away from her. Still she'd only gotten a few paces away when there was a tremendous crash from behind her, the sound of a yell. The force of it knocked her and Ginny both over, sprawling on the ground. Tom Riddle was standing over her with a malicious, slippery smile."Go to sleep, little girl," he said quietly. "Or let my snake send you to sleep."XProfessor Flitwick hadn't noticed Calla's absence from the common room when he went in to address them all. Hogwarts would be, for the first time in a millennia, closing its doors and the students were going to be sent home. The announcement sent chills through the Ravenclaw Common Room. A girl had been taken into the chamber of secrets, a Gryffindor first year. Ginny Weasley was Daphne's first thought. She and Astoria had had a sort of friendship the beginning of the year that had dwindled away near the end of October as they went their inevitable separate ways in Gryffindor and Slytherin.But Daphne knew her sister would be terrified for her friend, just as she was terrified for Calla. At first when she slipped off she thought perhaps she'd gone to find Harry and would be back soon, both of them safe and sound. But when she didn't return, her nerves got worse and worse and in the nervous silence of the girls' dormitory, her thoughts fell to dark places.What if she'd gotten herself hurt? What if she'd been Petrified, or killed, or taken into the chamber right alongside Ginny? Had any of the teachers even noticed? If they had they would have come to find the girls in the dorm, she reasoned, to explain. But no one had come and now all the girls sat up, nervous and shaking, each afraid to say anything.Surprisingly, it was Isobel who spoke up first. "She'll have gone off with her brother somewhere," she said, pale faced. "They'll be trying to catch the Heir at the last minute, like they saved the stone at the last minute last year." It wasn't reassuring - Calla had almost died last year."You don't suppose we ought to go and try helping her?" asked Sue timidly."Are you out of your mind?" Lisa asked, staring at Sue. "And get ourselves killed, too? No, no, we can't go after her.""We can still help her," Padma said fiercely. "We have to be able to, there - there must be a way. I just can't believe she'd be so stupid!""No," Daphne said slowly. "She must have had a plan, or some idea of what she was facing. Last year she wanted to know everything she could, and to have a solid idea of who she was facing, didn't she? Calla wouldn't run off without a plan." She hoped she wouldn't anyway. "There has to be some way to get help, right?""Her godfather," Padma said suddenly. She looked at Daphne for the first time in weeks. "We can write to him, he'll need to know anyway, but maybe he can help!""But how?" Mandy asked impatiently. "We've got a bit of a short timescale here and I doubt any of our owls can fly that fast there and back to save her.""Besides," Sue put in dejectedly, "none of us can go to the Owlery.""Of course!" Isobel snapped her fingers, face lighting up. She realised exactly what Daphne did at the same moment. "Her owl never goes to the Owlery, does it, Lisa you're always complaining about it to Calla!" She dashed over to the window, looking quite wild, and thrust it open, making a very strange hooting sound that Daphne supposed was meant to be a bird call. But no owl came over the skyline. Isobel's face fell. She hooted again, but nothing."Oh, for goodness' sake," Lisa muttered. "The one time we actually want to see the stupid bloody bird and it-"Moony swept through the window and landed right beside Lisa on the bed, hooting loudly. She glared at it in what seemed a mix of horror and sheer shock. "And it's on my bed.""Right," Daphne said, rushing over to the owl. "Padma, pass me parchment and a quill and ink, we've got to be quick. Any ideas where the chamber might be?""Myrtle's bathroom," Padma said quickly. Daphne turned to stare at her, surprised. "I was going to say about it the other night, but..." She faltered. "I didn't have the time.""Right." Daphne averted her gaze, hoping Padma couldn't see the blaze of her cheeks. "Well in that case someone has to try and get down there.""Hang on," said Isobel, staring between them. "How come you two know so much?"Daphne knew they had to say something, even if it wasn't everything. They didn't have time for that. But they told the other girls the basics: that they'd been looking for the chamber and the heir, about Harry hearing voices, that Hagrid was expelled last time but it wasn't him, that spiders were scared of the creature, and that Padma believed the chamber to be in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Lisa had laughed at that, but sobered up with a sharp elbow to the side from Isobel."Someone has to go down there, then," said Isobel. "It should be you two." She nodded between Padma and Daphne. "You know the most. And someone ought to alert Flitwick or another teacher.""You and Terry need to stay here," Mandy told Isobel. "You're most at risk from the heir." Isobel didn't look happy about it, but she nodded."We'll keep the rest of the house informed," she said. "And try to figure out what could possibly be hiding below a..." Her eyes stared as realisation dawned on her face."What?" Daphne asked quickly, leaning forward."Bathroom." Her face had gone quite white. "Of course, the voices - Harry's a Parseltongue, isn't he? And the heir of Slytherin and the chamber's under the bathroom and the spiders-"She promptly flung herself at her own bed, scrambling around in her trunk while the other girls stared. "Someone get out any books we have about beasts - Scamander's books, or something about Greek myths, or snakes, quickly!"Daphne dove into her own trunk, searching for the book her mother had given her about rare snake breeds (part of her efforts to sway her back towards the Slytherins). She wrenched it open, flicking through so fast she thought that she might tear the pages, and her eyes landed on a page that made her heart stop."Basilisk," said Isobel hollowly. "It's a basilisk, Of course, a giant bloody snake, petrifies people by looking them in the eye, and the spiders are scared of it because they have to see it, they have almost three hundred and sixty degree vision." She looked up at Daphne. "Do you think Calla knows what she's doing?""I-" Daphne faltered. "I don't know. She has a mirror with her, I gave it to her last week and she forgot to give it back, if she knows it's a basilisk she'll use it to deflect its vision!""Right," said Isobel, as each girl hastily scrambled about for their own mirrors. "Here's what we're going to do. If it's under the bathroom it might be in the plumbing, it would be perfect for a snake to get around in. There aren't any other Parselmouths in the school except Harry are there, that we know of?" All the girls shook their heads - even Daphne couldn't name any.Except... "My mum said the Dark Lord was a Parselmouth."Five heads snapped around to stare at her. "What?" said Padma lowly. "Him?""Well yes. He was a Slytherin and he could speak it and...""Bloody hell," whispered Isobel. She was pale; Sue and Mandy had both started shaking. "You don't reckon it's him again, do you?""Okay, Izzy, you definitely have to stay inside. Keep everyone armed and away from the sinks and bathrooms, in the main room if you can. Padma and I-" Daphne snuck a nervous glance at the other girl -"will go and try finding Calla. I don't know how to open the chamber," she admitted, thinking she'd have to use Parseltongue, "But we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.""No way!" Lisa said. "You can't go to the entrance and just hang around not knowing how to get in, that's a sure way to be caught off-guard.""Do you have any better ideas?""I do, actually," Lisa said smugly, and raise dher wand. "Serpensortia!" Sue shrieked as a snake came fling out the tip of Lisa's wand, curling around in the middle of the seven beds. "He's not poisonous, don't worry. If you take him with ou he might be able to, I don't know, do some hissing and open the chamber for you.""There aren't any poisonous snakes," Mandy pointed out. "Only venomous one's.""Right, he's not venomous then," Lisa muttered. "Point is he won't hurt you."She nodded and gingerly, Daphne picked up the snake. It was surprisingly calm, and seemed content to wrap around her forearm. It didn't squeeze to tight, so Daphne hoped that meant it wasn't a constrictor or something that would crush her to death."We'll get Flitwick," Lisa said, gesturing to her and Mandy. "Sue and Izzy, you wake the boys and the rest of the house and stay inside, yeah? We'll be back as soon as we can. One of you get that letter sent off to Potter's godfather and let him know what's happened."The six girls nodded at each other. Daphne could see every one of them was just as terrified as she felt. "You know," she said, "this is terribly Gryffindor of us.""No," Lisa refuted, shaking out her hair with a pout. "Looking after one is looking after them all; saving Calla and stopping the Heir of Slytherin is a strategic, smart, and logical move to help everyone in the long run.""So you do care," Daphne said with a teasing grin, clapping her hands together. "And with those rousing words of inspiration, we should probably go save our dormmate. Smartly, of course."XNo one told Harry anything about his sister, but when he saw Daphne and Padma sneaking out of the Ravenclaw Tower on their own with two girls whose names he had failed to learn, he knew something was wrong."Ron," he hissed, gesturing to the cluster of four girls. Ron looked up, startled."Daphne and Padma," he said cheerfully. "They must- wait, where's Calla?"They looked at each other, terror gripping Harry. Had something happened? Were they coming to find him - were they trying to find her?He whipped the cloak off and the brown haired girl beside Daphne shrieked. Daphne clasped a hand over her mouth and made a violent shushing gesture. "Harry," she said. "You've heard?"The blood rushes from him. No, no, no. "Heard what?""Calla's come," Padma said, biting her lip. "She didn't come back to the Tower after History of Magic, she went to find you because you didn't show up and - and we thought she'd be with you, but she's not and-" She broke off with a choked, terrified sob. "We're going to find her and help you lot, Lisa and Mandy are getting Flitwick.""Hang on, but you're Ravenclaws," Ron said, frowning. "I thought you'd all be shut up, I dunno, trying to solve a riddle or something."The brunette looked at him in disgust. "Well, that clearly shows you were never destined for our house. We're smart enough to figure out where the creature is, what it is, and we have a plan of action to save our friend. What do you have?""Lisa," Padma hissed, stamping on the other girl's toes. "This isn't the time. You're using the cloak?" This she addressed to Harry, who nodded numbly. His sister was gone and no one knew where... He wasn't sure he wanted to even guess. "Come on, you can hide us too for a bit.""You won't all fit," Harry grumbled, but let the four girls in anyway. It was a tight squeeze, and their ankles were all visible, but it was better than nothing."Flitwick's office isn't far," said Daphne, guiding the boys downstairs. "Where were you meant to go, anyway?"They glanced at each other, then at the two girls they didn't know. The brunette rolled her eyes. "We're not going to tell tales on you, Potter.""Right." He blinked. "We were going to see Lockhart.""For help?" Daphne sounded incredulous. "Good luck.""We'd be helping him," Ron muttered, as they came to a stop outside Flitwick's office. The two Ravenclaws slipped out and the brunette whispered something to Padma, who nodded firmly. The remaining four swept themselves under the cloak and shuffled along through the corridors until they reached Lockhart's office and flung the door open.Harry's sister was in danger and there was no way he trusted Lockhart with saving her on his own.XThe chamber was silent when they went down with Lockhart. He'd hoped to at least hear his sister, to know she was there and still alive, but he didn't. There was no sign of her when he first arrived, and that turned his stomach with worry. The whole place was dark, and he couldn't see any sign of Calla anywhere, not even any footprints or tracks."We must be miles beneath the school," Daphne said with a trace of wonder in her voice. It echoed around the dark chamber. "I've never even thought of anything like this; all those times I've used Myrtle's bathroom. I wonder what else there is in the school that none of us have found yet."Harry didn't really want to take the time to consider Daphne's wonder at the chamber when his sister's life was at stake. "Come on," he said, leading the way forward. "Remember, any sign of movement, and close your eyes right away, yeah?" They'd be of no use to Calla and Ginny if they managed to get themselves petrified while they were down here.The tunnel was almost silent except for the sounds of their feet, moving softly on the stone floor. Then Harry heard it, a soft cry from somewhere deep within the chamber, and the gentle hush of a voice. His heart gave a small, nervous leap of hope and he rushed faster round a bend in the tunnel, only to come to a screeching halt with Ron behind him."There's something there," Ron said quietly, voice laced with fear.Indeed, there was a great, twisting shape along the side of the chamber, like a snake but not moving. Could it be Calla had managed to slay the basilisk all on her own, and already? But if so, then where was she? Harry lit the tip of his wand and heard a soft gasp from behind as the sale came into the light. It looked like a snake, certainly, with poisonous green skin... But there was nothing underneath it."It can't be dead, can it?" Padma asked, voice shaking a bit from nerves."No," Daphne said. She stepped out from behind the two boys and examined the snake shape. "Its shed its skin, that's all, see. The basilisk must still be alive somewhere down here."There was a small whimper and Harry turned around, somewhat surprised to see Gilderoy Lockhart there. "Heart of a lion, that one," said Ron. Lockhart's knees gave way and he fell to the floor in fear.""Oh, get up," Daphne muttered to him with her nose wrinkled in disgust. "Coward."But to their surprise, Lockhart did leap up to his feet, and Daphne gave a short, surprised gasp as they all stumbled back. Lockhart lunged for Ron, who let out a muffled yell and flailed backwards. Padma reared back as Daphne and Harry tried to pull Lockhart away, but he'd already succeeded in knocking Ron to the ground and was wielding his wand triumphantly in the air."Well, it looks like this is the end of the road, children!" Lockhart said, pointing the wand around at them. "I shall take a bit of the snake's skin back up to the school, tell them I was too late to save those two girls, the latter of whom I found only when I came down here, and that at the sight of their mangled bodies, the four of you all lost your minds. Your poor mother will be distraught at the news, but I will tell her how brave you have been, never fear."It was Daphne who lunged forward, but she didn't have time to stop Lockhart from yelling out, "Obliviate!"The wand exploded with the force of a small bomb. Daphne was thrown immediately backwards, crying out and landing atop a shrieking Padma. Harry sprinted as far away as he could with Ron, and the two girls following sloppily behind him as rocks began to rain down from the ceiling, blocking their path. He slipped out just in time, but Ron wasn't so lucky. He pulled back just at the right moment, as the rocks thudded into place and sealed them away."Ron!" Harry yelled through the rock. "Daphne, Padma! Are you okay?"There was a short terrifying moment before Ron called out, "We're here! Me and Padma are alright, but the git's knocked himself out and... Well, Daphne's a bit..."A feeble voice said through the rock, "I'm fine. My head's a bit... Not so good.""Are you going to be alright?"A pause and then, "Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Harry, you go on, we'll be okay if we're together. You have to find Calla.""And Ginny," Ron put in quickly. Harry could hear the panic and worry in their voices; he felt it too in his heart. "We can't get through, though, it'll take ages!""You'll have to go on yourself, Harry," Padma said in a worried tone. "I'm sorry but I don't know if we can shift it, especially with Daphne being hurt."Harry debated with himself for a moment. He didn't want to go on alone, but the longer he waited the longer Calla - and Ginny - were in danger from the basilisk. "You stay with Lockhart, make sure Daphne's alright. I'll - I'll go on. If I'm not back in an hour...""We'll come and get you," Padma assured him in an unexpectedly soothing voice. "The girls already wrote to Calla's godfather about what's happening, if it does go so wrong... It - it'll be okay. I'm sure. I promise you."It didn't fill him with much confidence, but it did help to imagine Uncle Moony there with him, telling him what to do. Go to your sister, he imagined him saying. Get her out of there, and Ginny too, and be careful. Be smart, Harry. Make your parents and I proud."Alright," he said, clutching his wand tightly. "I'll - I'll see you in a bit, then."He set off down through the dark to the chamber, desperate to get there yet terrified to know what he might find. Would he find his sister, dead or Petrified next to Ginny? Bleeding out from a basilisk wound? He tried those out those thoughts out of his head but it was impossible. The walk seemed to stretch on for miles and he was sure he was running by the time he rounded a bend and saw the chamber unfold before him.There was Ginny, lifeless on the ground. A figure he didn't recognise standing before a statue of a man who could only be Salazar Slytherin. And his sister, struggling on the ground, pale faced and terrified and looking like she was in pain, but - but she was alive.He closed his eyes in relief but the moment he opened them wished that he hadn't taken that split second. For now the other figure was standing behind Calla, looking furious, and her shoulders slumped towards the ground.

Harry took off running down the length of the slippery, black-stoned chamber, robes whirling behind him. "Calla!" he yelled out, stumbling to his sister's side. "Calla, are you-""Harry," she whispered, voice hoarse. "It's him. It's Tom-""The girl is damaged," said a voice Harry found familiar. He looked up and knew at once what Calla was trying to say. He was staring into the face of Tom Riddle, and it was not kind. It was blurred around the edges and not fully there, but it was certainly him. "She has been hurt.""Harry-" Calla croaked out, and then choked off, slumping onto the ground. Panic flooded Harry's chest and he grabbed her arm, trying to shake her awake."Calla!" he said shakily. "Calla, Calla wake up!""She won't wake," said Tom Riddle softly. "Neither of them will."Harry felt suddenly as though he might be ill. He grasped his sister's arm, trying to wrest her into replying but there was nothing he could do. She didn't wake. "What do you mean?" he asked frantically. "What do you mean she won't wake, she's not-" He broke off, heart clenching. No. No, she was his sister, she couldn't be..."She's alive," said Tom Riddle faintly. "But she is struggling."Harry stared at him. Struggling. Then he could still help her, could still get her out of here alive - and Ginny. "How can you be here?" he asked nervously at Riddle's shining form. He was at Hogwarts over fifty years ago yet looked barely older for it. How could he be here? "Are you a ghost?"Riddle shook his head. "No, not a ghost. A memory. Preserved in a diary for fifty years."Harry's eyes landed on the small, black book which he had picked up what felt like so, so long ago. The diary that had always affected Calla, had made her feel unwell and her head hurt. "Tom," he began uncertainly, stomach twisting. Did the diary - did Tom - have something to do with why Calla was down here, struggling and hurt. "Tom, you have to help me get them out. That's my sister," he said, pointing at Calla, and Tom Riddle looked at him in something unsettlingly akin to amusement. He grasped Calla's arms, trying to lift her. "We have to get them out of here, both of them, there's a Basilisk... I'm not sure where it is, but it could be along at any moment, we have to help them."But Tom did not move to help. Desperately, Harry tried to pull Calla up, hold her against him so that he could get away, but she was a lot heavier than he had thought she'd be. "Tom - Tom-" He moved to pick up his wand from the floor but it was gone, and there was no sign of Calla's wand either. "Have you seen-"He looked up to see Tom Riddle fiddling with Harry's wand between two fingers, with Calla's resting just inside the pocket of his robes. He was about to reach out and thank Tom, but something nervous settled in the pit of his stomach. Why was Calla's wand in his pocket? Slowly, he said, "Give me my wand, Tom." He didn't. "Tom - my wand... Look, listen, we have to get them out of here, we have to go! If the Basilisk-""It won't come until it's called," said Tom in an eerily calm voice.Harry thought his arms were about to give out from holding Calla so long, but he had to keep her in his arms. He couldn't let go because he had to get her away. "What do you mean?" Harry asked frantically. "And give me my wand, and Calla's, I might need mine!"But Riddle's smile only grew, and Harry felt Calla shudder in his arms. "You won't be needing it," Tom said assuredly.Harry stared. "What do you mean, I won't be needing it?"At that moment, Calla gave a great shudder and nearly fell out of his arms - Harry just barely caught her in time before she smacked onto the ground. "I have waited a long time for this, Harry Potter," Riddle said. "For the chance to speak to you. To see you.""Look," Harry said impatiently, trying to get ahold of Calla again. "I don't think you get it; we're in the Chamber of Secrets. We can talk later.""We can talk now," Riddle said, still smiling, as he dropped Harry's wand into his robes pocket beside Calla's.A sense of dread washed over Harry then. There was something very funny going on, and he knew that he had to get Calla out of here - and Ginny, he had to remind himself - as soon as he possibly could."How did this happen?" he asked slowly. "How did Calla and Ginny get like this?"XAll that Calla could feel was pain. It started in her forehead, behind her scar, but it snuck its way through her blood too, coursing all the way through her veins and throughout her body, like it was attempting to burn her from the inside out. When Riddle looked at her, the pain got stronger, and when her eyes fell on the diary again it felt like her body was trying to destroy itself.When she met the eyes of Tom Riddle, it was like every feeling in her body suddenly left her. And sudden weakness spilt over her, all of her strength falling away from her shoulders in waves. She tried to cast a spell, even if it was only expelliarmus, but nothing would come. Tom Riddle only smiled at her. She knew something was wrong, and that it was worse even than she'd thought before. He was forcing the strength out of her and perhaps he had been all year, because wasn't that what happened when she got near the diary? Pain and then weakness, and her magic slowly dwindling away. And her scar; the scar that she'd been given all those years ago when Lord Voldemort murdered her family, that had first hurt when she saw him in the forest trying to sustain himself, and that had given her her first vision. Visions like the ones she'd been having all year.She forced herself to meet his eyes, to struggle upright even as her own body tried to force her down. ""Why's Ginny like this?" she managed to ask. "Why - how did this happen? Why am I like this?"Tom Riddle looked confused for a moment, perhaps bewildered. "And what are you like?""Hurt and weak. I'm in pain, but you're not... You're not real." He blinked in surprise. "You're a bit like a ghost but not."He looked contemplative for a long moment, before finally, he spoke. "I am a memory," he told her. "Preserved in a diary for fifty years."Fifty years. Her head spun with questions, but there was the most monstrous of all: where was Voldemort fifty years ago? It was hard to reconcile this boy with the monster she always imagined in her nightmares, and maybe she was thinking too far-fetched, delirious from fear and pain, but could it be possible? "And - and what do you know... Of-" She broke off, the name like poison on her tongue. With a jolting shock, she realised that she simply couldn't speak it. Tom Riddle looked at her with a curious sort of amusement. "What happened to Ginny?" she asked instead, dreading the answer."That's a very good question," said Tom Riddle, looking down at her pale form. "Miss-" She shook her head. "Very well. It is rather a long story, I suppose, but what happened to little Ginny Weasley, is that she felt lonely and she spilled all of her secrets into a diary. My diary." It sent a chill through Calla. "Little Ginny's been writing in it for months now, spilling all her secrets. How she worried what her classmates would think of her, how she's teased by all her brothers, how she had to come to school with everything second hand, and how she didn't think the famous, good, great Harry Potter would ever like her." At the sound of her brother's name, Calla gave a noticeable shudder, drawing Riddle's keen eyes. "Does that name mean something to you?""That name means something to everyone," Calla said cautiously. "What does it mean to you?"He ignored her question. "It's very boring, you know, having to listen to all the troubles of an eleven year old girl. But I was patient with her. I wrote back, I was sympathetic to her, I was kind. She thought I understood her." He let out a high cold laugh that was too familiar to Calla. She tried to get to her feet, her desperation to escape the chamber suddenly renewed. "Though I do say so myself, I have always had a talent for charming the people that I need to charm. And so little Ginny spilled her soul to me, all her worries, all her dreams, and I grew stronger from that, feeding on her deepest fears and darkest secrets, and I became increasingly powerful. Soon I was powerful enough to start pouring a little bit of my soul back into Ginny, telling her just a few of my own secrets."His own secrets. "It was you, wasn't it?" she asked, mouth dry. "You told Harry it was Hagrid who opened the chamber of secrets all of those years ago but it was you all along, you - you lied! And the diary, you - it was you! That's why my scar, and you - you were a Slytherin, and Parseltongue - of course!" And she stared up at him then, horror crushing against her chest and she felt more terrified than she'd ever been. "You're him... You're Lord V-" She broke off. Harry would have said the name but she couldn't. Tom Riddle smiled coldly. "You're... You're Vol-Voldemort." She tried not to let out her own squeak of terror as she let the name fall from her tongue,Tom Riddle's eyes glinted cruelly. "Aren't you a smart one?" he asked with a mocking smile."And Ginny? You - you've been using her, haven't you? Someone would have noticed you wandering the castle, Dumbledore would have known, and you..." Her head hurt. "You weren't strong enough yet, were you, to do it on your own? You needed someone else to do it for you, to open the chamber!" But Ginny wouldn't have done it on her own, if she'd had a choice. "What did you do? Did you - I don't know, possess her?"Riddle gave her a curious look. "If that's what you wish to believe. I think possess is, perhaps, a rather cruel word." She thought that it was a rather cruel act, personally. "She didn't know what she was doing at first, of course. You should have seen her new diary entries, how worried she became, how scared of herself. She became too scared, eventually, and suspicious of her friendly diary. She tried to dispose of it, but then... Well, that's where Harry Potter came in. You sounded like you know him. Did he tell you what he saw?""Bits of it," Calla admitted."And why would he tell you? I can see you're not in his house..." His gaze roamed over her and eventually it fell upon her scar by her hairline, shaped like an S. "Or perhaps you're the little sister. Yes, Ginny told me about Calla Potter, too, the girl who was to Harry Potter what she wanted to be to Ron Weasley. She told me how brilliant they were, how Harry Potter and his sister survived the might of Lord Voldemort as children, and Harry Potter became the boy-who-lived and the first person to ever survive a Killing Curse. And she told me how they did it again last year, how Harry Potter faced off against Lord Voldemort once again and how his sister survived a fire designed to kill anyone who went through it unaided. Tell me, how did you do it?"His eyes roamed over her face hungrily and Calla found herself shuddering away from him. "I don't know," she said quietly, looking up at him. "And if I did I wouldn't tell you anyway.""No?""No." Calla glared at him with what courage she had. "I wouldn't.""Interesting. I did wonder, when you came down here... I could feel you, Calla Potter. I could feel your magic." She shuddered. "What was it, Calla Potter? A careful spell, a charm of protection, perhaps?" She stayed silent and unmoving, lips pressed tightly together. "Was it the same magic that protected you and your brother that night, protecting you yet again? And still, I wonder..."It was like a dead weight settled upon Calla's chest, pushing against her ribs. That familiar sensation of shivering quite unexpectedly, without intention to do so, and she could feel the ends of her fingers going cold. Tom Riddle wore a cruel, curious smirk. "Interesting..."The she heard a crash like the roof caving in far away, a cry that sounded terrifyingly like her brother, and she was pushed down back to the ground, her whole body going cold and shaking.Xx"So, I suppose," said Tom Riddle to a horrified, terrified Harry. "Ginny got like this because she invested too much of herself into a diary that spoke back, and your sister got like this because she invested too much of herself... Into you."Maybe he knew that those words in particular would be a blow to Harry. If Calla had come down here because of him, because she thought - or even saw - that he would come running down anyway to save Ginny, and if she died as she seemed to be doing, because of him, then he would never be able to forgive himself."So you're Voldemort," Harry said slowly, hardly believing it. Yet he could, somehow. Calla had seen it of course, she'd worked it out. And now she was dying because of it.Yes," Tom said with a cold smile. "It was a name that I was already using amongst some of my closest peers while I was at Hogwarts, though only to my most intimate of friends. I could hardly go on using the name of my muggle father, could I? I, in whose blood runs the green blood of the great Salazar Slytherin himself, through my mother's side? I keep the name of a foul muggle who abandoned me and my mother before I was even born, all because he discovered that my mother was a witch? No, Harry Potter, I would not. And so I fashioned myself a new name, a name that I knew would one day strike fear into the hearts of those weaker than me - those like your little sister - and that was fit for the greatest sorcerer in the world!"Perhaps if things were different he might have stalled for time against the Basilisk to form a plan, perhaps he would have argued when Tom Riddle proclaimed himself the greatest sorcerer in the world and perhaps he might have jumped immediately to defend Dumbledore. But all he could think of was is sister, shaking, cold and pale in his arms, who had been terrified the whole time she was down here and who was dying slowly. And he could barely find the words to speak. "She's not weak," he said at last, words laced with hatred. "Nor were our parents. And - and you're not the greatest sorcerer in the world. You're a leech."He grasped Calla upright and she turned in his arms. At those words, Riddle had seemed to take a blow and Calla shuddered, dropping to her knees as her eyes snapped open, looking haunted and terrified. "Harry," she whispered, pushing him back so that he stumbled. She got to her feet. "Run.""But you and Ginny-"Tom Riddle had lunged for Calla and she ducked out of the way just in time. "You! Run!""I'm not leaving-""Stop being an idiot and run, Harry!"Tom Riddle laughed. "Let us see what the might of Salazar Slytherin can do against the two Potter children, shall we?"To Harry's surprise, Riddle walked away, turning to the Great statue of Slytherin at the wall. Calla was running to Ginny, trying to drag her back. "Get her out," she panted."I can't," Harry said. "The - the passage is blocked up.""What do you mean it's-""I'll explain later," Harry said, just as Riddle began to speak.Speak to me Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts four.Calla was still trying to get Ginny out, but Harry was transfixed by the sight of Slytherin's giant stone mouth, moving. His mouth opened, growing wide and exposing a great, gaping black hole. "Cal," he said shakily, as his sister dropped Ginny. Something stirred from deep within the mouth of the statue, slithering out from inside out in a great green coil."Don't look," she told him, squeezing her own eyes shut. They both backed against the chamber wall, hearts shuddering.Harry could hear something hit the chamber's stone floor, huge. He could almost sense the great serpent unwinding itself from Salazar Slytherin's gaping mouth and dropping onto the ground, slithering across the stone. Then came Riddle's voice in a hiss, Kill them.He could hear the Basilisk slither towards him across the floor. He wanted to look but that would kill him. "To the left," Calla hissed to him, and yanked him to the side. Harry smothered his yelp, leaving his other arm free to feel his way around the chamber. But Calla seemed to know what she was doing, somehow, and he didn't so much as stumble even though he was sure they were going to fall."We have to blind it," Calla muttered to him in a low voice. "But I've no idea how." There was a moment's pause and then, "Stay here. Eyes shut."She dropped his hand and darted off somewhere. He cracked his eyes open the tiny bit to see Calla fumbling her way into the centre of the chamber, looking pale and terrified. "R-Riddle?"The figure of Riddle turned in surprise and the Basilisk faltered for a second. Calla's grin flickered triumphant then turned to an expression of terror. "Its - it's true what my brother said. You're not the greatest sorcerer in the world." Riddle's cold smile faltered. "You - you might want to be but you - you're not! Dumbledore is!""Dumbledore's been driven from this castle by the mere memory of me!" The Basilisk had stilled somehow, its master distracted."He's still ten times greater than you are!" yelled Calla. "And his memory is still with the school, far more than yours is!" She looked up around the chamber, as though looking for something, and Riddle seized that moment to regain control over the Basilisk. It moved and Harry squeezed his eyes shut just as music floated in through the chamber. He could hear Calla's feet rushing back to him across the water, and she grabbed his hand to pull him down just as something slammed into the wall behind them."Help," She panted, "will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it. Dumbledore said he was still here as long as we were loyal to him, didn't he, that's what he said when he had to leave, and I swear he looked at us - well, at you, I imagine he knew what you'd end up running off to do, and there!" He could tell she was grinning. "I don't know what he's doing, but-"They were cut off by a great squawk from not too far away. Harry's eyes snapped open just so that he could see the Basilisk, with its monstrous head swaying in the air between the snake-coiled pillars. Harry trembled and clasped Calla's hand, keepin her head down in case it turned, but then something caught his eye. A red and gold plumed bird, flappin in the air around the Basilisk's head. "Fawkes," he whispered. "Cal, Calla, he's sent us Fawkes!"XxRiddle was spitting in Parseltongue, words that Calla couldn't understand. She looked up at Harry quizzically, and the split second gave the Basilisk just enough advantage to snap its tail around. It caught her knees and she buckled, stumbling into Harry. "We have to kill it!" she shrieked at him."How do you kill a Basilisk?""I don't know!" Calla said, panting. "I thought it was a gorgon - oh!" She stared at him. "Pipes! Keep Fawkes distracting it - you stay here!"She darted off back the way that they'd came, to the wall that had been knocked against. There was a mound of broken stones, but in the distance a bit further she could see water hissing and spitting from a burst pipe. With a final, nervous look at her brother who was watching her in terror, she crawled into the gap between the wall and the pipe, dodging the spray of water as best she could. Drawing the Basilisk into the pipes would not be good for the rest of School, so she'd have to avoid that, but the pipes were metal. She just needed something to clean them, and some way to stop the entire plumbing system from crashing down on itself when she tore a plate of metal from the pipes.But something was crawling into the small tunnel just behind her. She whirled around to see Harry. "What are you doing?""Perseus killed Medusa with her own reflection, yeah. All the victims saw the Basilisk's reflection, but presumably it didn't see its own? Mrs Norris with the water, Justin with Nick, Hermione and Penelopewith the mirror, Colin and the camera! Well, if we can get something big enough to hide behind as a shield and if it's metal and shows the Basilisk's reflection then when it looks at it then it could end up reflecting the effect and killing it instead." She looked at him frantically. "Where's your wand?""R-Riddle has it.""Shit," she muttered, and winced at the horrified expression on her brother's face. "Okay." The Basilisk gave a horrifying screech from within the chamber and Harry ducked out."I'll get it!" He yelled, as Calla tried to think how best to go about this. It was a very fragile plan, she realised. There were a hundred ways for it to go wrong, and they probably would, in fairness.She peered at the hole from which the water was trickling, near the bottom of the pipe. Nervously, and hoping it wouldn't draw too much of the Basilisk's attention, she hit the top of the pipe. It sounded hollow, but if she rapped on the bottom it sounded very different. Perhaps the water was shallow? But still, how could she get the metal away?"Uh, Calla," Harry said, at her side again. "The Basilisk's been blinded."She let out a groan. Now what? If the Basilisk was blind then it couldn't hurt them, but it couldn't hurt itself, either. She'd have to think of another plan and quickly, because she could hear the Basilisk getting more and more frustrated and though she couldn't make out what he was saying, Tom Riddle was doing some very angry hissing further inside the chamber."Right," she said, turning to her brother. "We need something sharp - like a sword?"He shook his head. "All we have is Fawkes."She groaned, and Harry was about to duck out when she grabbed his arm. "Did you get your wand?" He shook his head."How am I meant to get my wand?""I don't know!" Calla squeezed her eyes shut. It was all going wrong, all so horribly, horribly wrong. She tried to clear her mind to invite a vision in but nothing was coming and no one was helping and Dumbledore hadn't sent a sword but only a phoenix and she was sure that it was only a matter of time before the chamber fell down around their heads."You - how did you even get down here?" she asked miserably. "This wasn't supposed to happen... I was meant to save Ginny before you had a chance to - to-"She broke off in terror and Harry reached out a nervous hand to pat her shoulder. "Daphne and Padma told us you hadn't come back after History of Magic while we were going to find Lockhart-""Who's we?" she asked abruptly, a seed of hope planted. He hadn't mentioned he'd had someone else with him - but of course Ron wouldn't let Harry go off on his own, and he'd want to save Ginny, too? But where was he and where was Lockhart?The Basilisk slammed into the wall again and Calla could hear footsteps. She gave a shudder. "Ron and me. He's down here but the - the chamber caved in on the rest of them and Daphne and Lockhart both got hurt!""Daphne's here?" Calla asked breathlessly. "Is Padma?"He nodded. "Yes, but I don't think they can get through!"But her mind was going quickly. They might not be able to get through, but their wands were considerably smaller than they were. That'd be something of a weapon, and Calla was sure there had to be a spell to use like a sword.Diffindo, she thought. They used it to slice ingredients sometimes in Potions and Herbology. Maybe..."I'm going to get their wands," she whispered to Harry. "Stay here.""You can't run out on your own," Harry said back sharply. "Calla, you'll get yourself killed!"She knew he was probably right. She didn't really want to think about that possibility, for fear that she'd end up backing out and scare herself into hiding instead of helping. "It's the only way I can think of," she said weakly.Harry looked like he was about to protest, but he was just as lost as she was. "I'll cover for you," he said."Harry, no, you'll-""Pretend you're running like you're scared," he said. "I'll keep Riddle distracted long enough for you to get back." He squeezed her hand. "I'll be fine."She couldn't believe his words but this wasn't the one to debate. The Basilisk seemed to have cottoned on to where they were and there was a crash as it smashed into the side of the chamber wall where their tiny passage was. "I'll be quick," she said and, trying to muster all her courage and look at the same time the most terrified she'd ever been, she ran from the passage with Harry on her heels and raced back along the length of the chamber.She could feel herself weakening the moment she was back within Riddle's line of sight but somehow it made her run faster and she whirled around the corner, to where rocks were shifting very slowly at an apparent cave in. There was a gap in the rockfall, through which she could see half of Ron's pale and freckled face. "Ron!" she called out, nearing the gap."Calla?" came Padma's incredulous voice. "You're okay!" There was a faint cheer from behind the rocks that sounded rather like Daphne. "Where's Harry?""And Ginny?" asked Ron hopefully."We've got her," Calla said as confidently as she could manage. "Look, there's the basilisk and it's controlled by Riddle - Tom Riddle. I don't have much time but he has our wands and we can't fight. Do you have yours with you? Or do you have something sharp?"Ron started off, "Mine-" but was interrupted by a shout from Harry in the chamber. It was a shout of pain and she recognised it, stomach plummeting. No, no, no. Had he been hurt, trying to cover for her?Two wands thrust themselves out of the gap in the rock. Calla blinked. There was Padma's, a smooth oak with a curved handle inlaid with little whirls, and Daphne's a light grey birch with flowers carved along the end of the handle and one large one right at the end. And then, a flurry of muttering, and Daphne's ornate gold handmirror was pushed through too. It was smashed into shards, and Calla was careful not to cut herself on the jagged silver edges. "Go quickly," Padma's voice told her. "Be careful!"Calla nodded, through she felt entirely ill. With a quick muttered, "Thanks," she took the two wands, and the mirror, turned and ran back up the length of the passage towards the chamber door. It was still ajar and she barrelled through in time to see her brother on the ground, clutching his arm, with Riddle leering over him. Her heart pounded. The basilisk's fangs. Of course. Fawkes was resting on Harry's shoulder, head bent low. The basilisk was curled around Riddle's legs, watching as the blood and strength drained from Harry. She had to do something, she thought, but she was terrified, and her legs shook so much she wasn't sure if she could even walk.Tentatively, and quietly, she crept her way towards Riddle, Harry and the basilisk. "You're dead, Harry Potter," said Tom Riddle. "Dead. Even Dumbledore's bird knows it. Look at him, he's crying." Calla's gut clenched as she tiptoed closer. "I'm going to stay here and watch you die, Harry Potter," Tom Riddle said. "Take your time - I'm certainly in no hurry. So ends the famous Harry Potter, forsaken by his friends and abandoned by his sister, defeated at last by the Dark Lord whom he so unwisely defied. You'll be back with your dear Mudblood mother soon..." Calla was a few paces away from the basilisk, trembling both from fear but now also from fury. "She bought you twelve years of borrowed time, but I'm afraid that time is now up. Lord Voldemort got you in the end, you see, as surely he must."Then Calla saw what she must do. Harry's eyes met hers for half a second and she grabbed ahold of the largest sharp shard of glass and, just as Riddle and the basilisk twisted, she drove the sharp point of the shard into the basilisk's neck.She hadn't expected it to work, but it seemed the basilisk's skin was vulnerable and soft, easy to stab through. It let out a low, choked hiss. Riddle lunged for her and she ducked out of the way, narrowly passing under the basilisk which was starting to spill with blood, deep red against the poisonous green. "You," Riddle snarled.She rolled under the basilisk and came to near Harry's side, glaring at Riddle. Adrenaline flooded her veins. "Me," she said defiantly, heart faint and fluttering."I'm surprised you had that in you," he said. "Miss Potter." The adrenaline died abruptly, replaced by cold and fear. "But it is of little consequence." A cold snarl crossed his features. "I can still kill you myself."He raised his wand and Calla gave a sharp cry, whirling out Daphne's wand and yelling the only spell she could think of: "Expelliarmus!"But nothing happened. Then there was a sharp, piercing scream as both heads whipped around to see Harry, sitting with the diary in his lap, stabbed through with the same fang that had been in his own arm. Ink spurted out of the diary, coating Harry's hands, and Riddle was writhing and screaming, body growing fainter as the spell finally burst from Calla, bright red, and then fizzled out into the nothing as Riddle's form evaporated. She stared at the spot where it had been, transfixed and half horrified. But warmth started to trickle back into her veins and eventually she got the strength to move, gaping at the wide, sizzling hole that the basilisk fang had burned through the diary. Ink dripped from it steadily, like blood.Harry was visibly shaking as he gathered himself to his feet, reaching out to Calla's hand. He gathered from the floor two wands, one of which she held out to Calla - her wand. "Thank you," she whispered, and then without warning, threw herself at her brother, sagging in relief. "I thought you were going to die," she gasped, holding him as tight as she could."So did I," he admitted. "But we're okay! We're both okay!"Fat tears were rolling down Calla's cheeks. "Yeah," she said shakily, though she wasn't entirely sure that she believed it. "We - we're okay."There a low moan from the end of the chamber, and Calla pulled away from her brother to see little Ginny, stirring on the floor. They both broke out into a run, rushing towards her side as she sat up. Her eyes trailed over the chamber, the dead and bleeding basilisk, Harry's bloodied robes, Calla's terrified face, and the diary that was still clutched in Harry's hand. She gasped, shuddering, and burst into tears."Harry," she wailed. "Oh, Harry - Harry, I tried to tell you at b-breakfast, but I was so - so scared, and P-Percy, I c-couldn't say it in front of Percy. It was me," she said, gasping, "but I - I didn't mean to, I swear. R-Riddle made me, he t-took me over - and - and how did you kill th-that thing? W-where's Riddle? The last thing I remember is him c-coming out of the diary-""it's alright," Calla said as gently as she could, sweeping Ginny's hair from her face. "He's gone now, see. We're all going to be alright.""Yeah, see?" Harry said, holding up the still-sizzling diary. "Riddle's finished, him and the basilisk! Come on, Ginny, let's get out of here."Calla and Harry helped her awkwardly to her feet, though she was still shaking heavily and very white. "I'm going to be expelled!" she wailed. "I've been looking forward to coming to Hogwarts ever since Bill came and now - now I'll have to leave! What about Mum and Dad, what'll they say?""It'll be alright," Calla said soothingly, wrapping an arm around Ginny's trembling shoulders.The way back out the chamber seemed to last forever between the three of them, shaking and leaning on each other. They passed through the open door and it shut behind them with a serpentine hiss. After a few minutes, heading up the dark passageway, Calla could hear the sound of slowly shifting rock."That's them," she said, in relief."Ron!" yelled Harry, hastening his steps. "Ron, we've got Ginny, she's alright!"There was strangled cheer from Ron as they rounded the corner and saw a greater gap in the wall, through which they could see Ron poking his head out."Ginny!" Ron cheered. He reached out a hand, as did Padma, to pull her through first. "You're alive! I don't believe it! What happened?"He tried to hug her but Ginny pulled back, sobbing, "But you're okay, Ginny!" said Ron, beaming. "It's over now - where'd you get the bird?"Fawkes had just swooped past Calla to follow Ginny through the gap in the rock. "He's Dumbledore's," Harry said. "Calla, you go through."She squeezed herself through the narrow gap, coming out the other side. Padma rushed towards her in a hug, followed by a rather shaky Daphne. "Are you okay?" she asked Daphne, who laughed weakly."I think I should be asking you. What happened, we were all so worried about you!""Where's Lockhart?" Harry asked abruptly, looking around.Padma pulled back with a look to Calla that said she would be telling them everything the moment she could."He's still back there," said Daphne grimly."He's in a bad way," Ron told them with a grin. "Come and see."Fawkes led them through, his gorgeous wings glowing red and golden to provide them some light. Calla stayed up the front with him, marvelling at the gorgeous shift of colours now that she had the time and the calm to really appreciate the phoenix. Lockhart sat at the mouth of the pipe Calla had come down, humming placidly to himself and smiling quite contentedly."His memory's gone," Ron explained. "The memory charm - he tried to obliviate the four of us - backfired and it hit him instead of us. He hasn't got a clue who he is, or where he is, or who we are. I told him to wait here, once we'd gotten Daphne to her feet.""I got hit by a bit of rock," Daphne explained, showing Calla her arm, which was already turning purple at the edges. "But I'm okay - unlike him.""Hello," Lockhart said placidly, looking around at them all. "Odd sort of place, this, isn't it? Do you live here?""No," Padma said crisply. She turned to Calla. "Any thoughts on how to get back up the pipe?"Calla shook her head, but Fawkes had already swooped past them, and was fluttering his golden tail feathers before Calla. "I think he wants you to grab on," Ron said. Calla's stomach flipped. Fly? She knew phoenixes were strong but she wasn't certain he could take all of them. And she really, really didn't want to fly."We've got to keep a hold of each other," Harry said, offering his hand to Calla, who took it nervously. "Ginny, grab Ron's hand. Ron grab Calla's other hand. Padma get a hold of Ginny, Daphne grab Padma's free hand and Professor Lockhart-""He means you," Ron said to a bemused Lockhart."Take a hold of Daphne's hand."They all linked up, Calla between Harry and Ron, and finally Harry took a hold of Fawkes' tail feathers. Before Calla could think to gather herself, they were shooting up through the pipe. She squeezed her eyes shut in terror, though it only made the swooping in her stomach feel worse. It felt like hours before they hit the floor of Myrtle's bathroom, and the sink sliding back into place behind them.Calla creaked her eyes open to see Myrtle goggling at them. "You're alive," she said blankly."You don't have to sound so disappointed," said Harry. He was wiping grime off of his glasses."Oh, well," Myrtle said airily, swooping closer, "I'd just been thinking. If you'd have died you would have been more than welcome to share my toilet.""That's disgusting," Daphne muttered as they left the bathroom, to Ron and Calla's rapt agreement."Harry!" Ron said. "I think Myrtle might be fond of you now. Looks like you've got competition, Ginny."But when Calla looked at Ginny she was not smiling, but crying. She tried to give her a comforting smile, but it didn't seem to work at all."Where now?" Ron asked, looking to Harry.But Harry just pointed to Fawkes, glowing golden and leading the way along the corridor. They followed quickly and moments later found themselves at the door to McGonagall's office, where Calla could already hear familiar voices. Harry glanced at her, and she gave him an encouraging nod. He knocked and pushed the office door open.

For a brief few moments, as the lot of them stood in the doorway, dripping mud and slime, there was silence. A cluster of adults stood around the desk: Mr and Mrs Weasley, Uncle Moony, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Dumbledore, who seemed to have returned just in time. Lisa and Mandy were there too, Calla was shocked to see, both of them huddled in the corner in their dressing gowns. Calla stared at them, wondering what would be said, until Mrs Weasley broke the silence with a shriek."Ginny!"She rushed forward to embrace Ginny, arms wrapping tightly around her. Uncle Moony rushes over a moment later, pulling Calla and Harry into a crushing hug. "I can't believe you did something like this again," he said in a thick voice. "I thought you were dead from the letter I got!""What letter?" Calla asked, just as he released them. She couldn't hear his answer, as Mrs Weasley pulled her and Harry into a hug too, along with Ron, Padma and Daphne. She wasn't sure how she managed it."You saved her!" she cried. "Oh, thank you, thank you! How did you do it?""I think we'd all like to know that," said McGonagall weakly as Mrs Weasley released them.Uncle Moony was hovering by Harry and Calla, looking nervous now but relieved to see they were alright. Calla tried to give him a reassuring smile. All the adults in the room looked at them expectantly, waiting for an answer, and it fell to Harry to place the Basilisk fang and the diary on McGonagall's desk, and start speaking.It took about half an hour while he stumbled over his words. How he'd heard the voice in the pipes on Halloween, the voice no one else could hear - not even Calla. How Calla had had visions of the attacks, and how they had all followed the trail of spiders to Aragog in the forest.Calla interjected nervously about how she'd thought it to be a gorgon, but that it was a Basilisk instead, which made a lot more sense. Then Harry continued on about how they'd figured out it was Myrtle who had been killed, and that it was her bathroom where the entrance to the chamber lay and that he'd spoken Parseltongue to get in.He'd looked to her expectantly then, and Calla floundered. "I had to conjure a snake," she admitted. "I saw Draco Malfoy use it at the Duelling Club, and I didn't know it would work, I didn't think it would at all, because my magic's been acting up recently and I... Well, it worked anyway. And it was weird, it was like because I really wanted the snake to open the chamber by hissing, I managed to make it open it for me." She was aware of Dumbledore's gaze on her, curious in a very unnerving sort of way.She explained how she had had her vision of Harry and needed to stop it, feeling increasingly under scrutiny. She'd been reckless, she knew. But she couldn't wait and just let it happen and see her brother bleed out.Harry explained what had happened when they got down there, about how it was Tom Riddle all along, and his memory. Calla told them how she'd rushed down, how she'd felt so weak when Riddle got stronger. She left out about Ginny and the diary deliberately, sure somehow that it was not her place to bring it up; she told them how she'd stabbed the Basilisk with a shard of Daphne's broken mirror and how Fawkes had blinded it.When they were finished their story, there was another thick, almost stifling silence around them. Uncle Moony squeezed her shoulder encouragingly.They hadn't mentioned the diary or Ginny at all, and Calla waited nervously for someone to ask. Ginny was still huddled between her mother and father, fat tears falling down her red cheeks. They wouldn't expel her, would they? But Riddle's diary didn't work anymore and they couldn't use it as evidence, to prove that he'd been making her do everything and that she didn't want to hurt anyone.But then Dumbledore spoke, smiling faintly. "What interests me the most," he said gently, "is how Lord Voldemort managed to enchant Ginny, when my sources tell me he is currently in hiding in the forests of Albania."Sources? Calla glanced at Harry, who seemed only relieved. What sources did Dumbledore have in Albania?"W-What's that?" asked Mr Weasley, his voice sounding stunned. "You Know Who? Enchant... Enchant Ginny? But Ginny's not... Ginny hasn't been... Has she?""It was the diary," Harry said quickly, and Calla nodded in rapid agreement. Her brother picked it up, to show it to Dumbledore. "Riddle wrote it when he was sixteen."Dumbledore took the diary from Harry and looked keenly down his long and crooked nose, at its burnt and soggy pages. Calla bit her lip nervously."Brilliant," he said softly. "Of course, he was probably one of the most brilliant students that Hogwarts has ever seen."The Weasleys were looking entirely bewildered, as was Uncle Moony. Lisa and Mandy both shivered in their corner of the office, and Calla felt her stomach twist tightly."Very few people know that Lord Voldemort was once called Tom Riddle," Dumbledore went on, sounding altogether far too calm to deliver that sort of information. "I taught him myself, fifty years ago, when he was at Hogwarts. He disappeared after leaving the school... travelled far and wide and sank so deeply into the Dark Arts, consorting with the very worst of our kind, underwent so many dangerous, magical transformations, that when he resurfaced as Lord Voldemort, he was barely recognisable.""What kind of magical transformations?" Calla found herself asking. All eyes in the room swivelled around to her, including Harry, who looked rather shocked that she'd spoken. "Sorry, Professor, it's just... When I was in the chamber, and - and when I was near the diary it... I think it might have interfered with my magic. I felt... Weak, and it's been haywire all year." She glanced at Padma and Daphne, who were looking as though were trying to put everything together and the puzzle pieces were tumbling down into place. "We thought it might be my wand but in the chamber, nothing I did would work and I could feel Riddle draining me. Do you think... Do you think it might have been one of those, I don't know, magical transformations, having an effect on me?"Dumbledore considered her for a long, long time. "It is impossible to know these things for certain," he said slowly. "Perhaps it did, though I cannot know how. The boy Tom Riddle kept many secrets, and Lord Voldemort kept many more.""But - but Ginny," Mrs Weasley was spluttering. Calla only looked at Dumbledore, somehow having even more questions. "How did Ginny - our Ginny! - what she got to do with - with him?""The d-diary!" Ginny sobbed, shoulders shaking. "I've b-been writing in it, and he's been -wwriting back all year!""Ginny!" exclaimed Mr Weasley, flabbergasted. "Haven't we taught you anything? What did I always tell you? Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain. Why didn't you show us the diary right away to me, or to your mother? A suspicious object like that, it was clearly full of dark magic!""I d-didn't know!" Ginny sobbed. "I found it inside one of the books Mum got me. I th-thought someone had just left it in there and forgotten about it.""Miss Weasley ought to go up to the Hospital Wing right away," Dumbledore interrupted, in a firm voice. "This has no doubt been a terrible ordeal for her. There will be no punishment." Calla breathed a sigh of relief. "Older and wiser wizards than she have been hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort." He stride over to the door and opened it. "Miss Turpin and Miss Brocklehurst, I think, also ought to return to their dormitories, as they seem rather cold."Lisa and Mandy hurried from the office with nervous glanced at Calla. No doubt everyone in Ravenclaw would know what had happened by the time she, Daphne and Padma returned."Bed rest," Dumbledore said, looking at Ginny. "And plenty of hot chocolate, a nice, large steaming mug of the stuff. I always find that cheers me up," he added, with his eyes twinkling down gently at her. "You will find that Madam Pomfrey is still awake. She's giving out mandrake juice - I dare say the Basilisk's victims will be waking up any moment now.""So Hermione's okay!" Ron said brightly, beaming."There has been no lasting harm done," Dumbledore told him.Mrs Weasley led Ginny out, and a still shaken Mr Weasley followed shortly behind."You know, Minerva," said Dumbledore thoughtfully to McGonagall, "I think all of this merits a good feast. Might I ask you to go and alert the kitchens?""Right," McGonagall said crisply. Uncle Moony still lingered at Calla and Harry's shoulders. "I'll leave you to deal with the students, shall I?""Certainly," said Dumbledore.She left, and the five of them looked uncertainly at Dumbledore. Calla glanced to her godfather, who gave her an assuring smile, though he looked worried too. Harry looked at Calla worriedly. They weren't about to get punished, were they? Calla shifted nervously."I seem to remember telling the two of you," Dumbledore said, looking at Harry and Ron, "that I would have to expel you if you broke any more school rules.""Now, Dumbledore-" Uncle Moony began, but was cut off."Which goes to show," Dumbledore said, with a twinkle in his eye, "that the best of us must sometimes eat our words."By her side, Harry sighed loudly in relief. "You will all receive special awards for services to the school and - let me see - Yes, I'd say two hundred house points apiece."Calla's jaw dropped open. That was six hundred points for Ravenclaw! No one could beat them now! Ron had gone a startling shade of fuschia, and Daphne's mouth was open in a wide 'O' of shock."But one of us is keeping mightily quiet about his part in this adventure, I see," Dumbledore said, eyes twinkling at Lockhart. "What say you, Gilderoy?"By Calla's side, Harry gave a started and turned around to look at Lockhart. But Uncle Moony interjected. "With respect, Dumbledore, it has been a long night. You've been told all you need to and the children are no doubt exhausted." He looked sternly at Calla and Harry, and though Calla had the decency to look sheepish, Harry was still grinning. "I think Calla, Harry, Ron, Padma and Daphne would all greatly appreciate a bit of sleep.""It's okay," Harry said. "I don't feel that tired, to be honest.""Yeah," Ron said. "Me neither."Calla sighed. Now Uncle Moony had mentioned it, she greatly wanted to just sink into her bed in Ravenclaw Tower and fall asleep. But Ron kept talking. "There was an accident down in the chamber," he explained. "Professor Lockhart tried to cast a Memory Charm and it backfired-""Am I a professor?" asked Lockhart, looking mildly surprised. Uncle Moony stared at him. "Goodness, I expect I was hopeless, wasn't I?""Dear me," Dumbledore said, shaking his head gently. "Impaled upon your own sword, then, Gilderoy?""Professor Dumbledore," Padma interjected in an urgent voice, "Daphne got hit by a bit of falling rock, when the wand backfired. She hurt her head, and her arm's all bruised."On cue, Daphne held out her arm, the dull purple and puce colour spreading over the white skin."I see. Miss Patil, Mr Weasley, would the two of you mind accompanying Professor Lockhart and Miss Greengrass up to the Hospital Wing as well, for me? I'd like to have a word with Harry and Calla here. Me Lupin-""I stay," said Uncle Moony firmly, and Dumbledore nodded with a smile."Of course."Lockhart ambled our, followed by Daphne who was leaning on Padma. Ron there a curious look over his shoulder as he left, closing the door behind him.Dumbledore crossed to one of the chairs by the fire, but Calla, Harry and Uncle Moony remained where they were."Please sit down," Dumbledore said, conjuring extra chairs for them. Calla cast a look at Uncle Moony before she did so."First of all," said Dumbledore, "I want to thank you both. You must have shown me some true loyalty down in the chamber; nothing except for that could have called Fawkes to you."He stroked the phoenix gently, and Calla smiled. Harry grinned awkwardly beside her."And so you met Tom Riddle," continued Dumbledore thoughtfully. He leaned forward curiously to look at the two of them. "I imagine he would have been most interested in the two of you.""Dumbledore, I don't believe this is the time-""Professor Dumbledore," Harry said quickly, before Uncle Moony could finish speaking. Calla shot him a glare. "Riddle... He said I'm like him. Strange likeness, he said." He turned. "It was while you were running back, to get the wands and the mirror, when the Basilisk...""Attacked you," Calla finished off.Dumbledore was regarding Harry curiously. The twinkle in his eye was gone, and that unnerved Calla somewhat. "Did he really say so? And what do you think, Harry?""I'm not!" Harry said sharply. Calla was taken aback, and stared at him. "I mean, I can't be, I'm in Gryffindor, I'm..." He trailed off nervously, something clearly pricking at his thoughts."The Sorting Hat said I'd have done well in Slytherin," he admitted in a very quiet voice. Uncle Moony raised his eyebrows. "Everyone thought I was Slytherin's Heir, for a while. Because I can speak Parseltongue.""You can speak Parseltongue, Harry," Dumbledore said calmly, "because Lord Voldemort - who is the last remaining defendant of Salazar Slytherin - can speak Parseltongue. Unless I'm much mistaken, the night that he gave you that scar, he transferred some of his powers to you. It was not something he intended to do, I am sure, but the fact remains...""Voldemort put a bit of him in me?" Harry asked, sounding horrified. Calla just stared. How was that possible? Had he put himself in Harry like he had in the diary, too, or was it different? Though surely the diary would have been intentional."It certainly seems so.""So then I should be in Slytherin!" Harry said, looking around desperately first to Calla and then to a surprised Uncle Moony, as if for confirmation. "The Sorting Hat saw Slytherin's power in me, and Voldemort's and it-""Put you in Gryffindor," Dumbledore said firmly. But there was an air of something about him, a hint of worry and swirling thought behind that familiar twinkle in his eye."Harry," Uncle Moony said, with a look to Dumbledore. "You might have some of Voldemort's power in you, you might even have some similarities to him; but that does not make you him. Whether Slytherin, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff, you are Harry Potter. Not Tom Riddle.""Well said, Remus," said Dumbledore quietly. "You do happen to have many abilities Salazar Slytherin prized in his students, as does your sister. Indeed, both of you possess some traits of Gryffindor, of Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff and yes, Slytherin. But it was your choices that defined your house, and it is your choices which define you still, far more than your abilities." Yet he remained looking troubled."But..." Harry faltered for a minute, and looked at Calla like he expected her to say something; but she had no idea what. "Last year, I - I made a choice, with the Philosopher's Stone."Dumbledore's eyes had lost their twinkle for a second. "And do you regret that choice?""I-" Harry faltered, and Calla looked at him. She knew exactly what he meant, and honestly she wasn't sure that she wanted to know what his answer was. "I don't know. I don't think I can, sit.""Yet that choice was not made of malice, or selfishness," Dumbledore told him. "But instead out of love, for your sister."Harry closed his mouth, but he and Dumbledore both still looked worried. Uncle Moony looked between them all nervously."Professor," Calla began quietly. "What about me?" He waited for her to elaborate. "How come the diary affected me like that? I never even wrote in it, or anything, but it still affected me and my magic."It was a long moment before Dumbledore spoke. "I cannot know for certain, Calla. Perhaps the night you got that scar, not from a curse set on you but on your brother... Perhaps you forged your own connection with Tom Riddle."She noted the distinction. "And you think that meant he was able to, I don't know, use my weakness to make himself stronger? Like a..." She didn't want to say parasite, but it sounded about right. Like a leech, maybe."Perhaps," said Dumbledore. He glanced at Uncle Moony and brightened. "Now, I believe what the two of you need is food and sleep. I suggest you go down to the feast - Remus, you may have a moment with them, if you wish - while I write to Azkaban. I believe we need our gamekeeper back. And, yet again," he added, "Hogwarts finds itself in need of a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher." A smile curved his lips. "I will put an advert in the Daily Prophet."Just as Calla got up, with Uncle Moony, to open the door, it burst open violently and she reared back.Lucius Malfoy stood there, fury written plain across his face. And cowering under his arm, heavily bandaged, with Dobby the House-Elf. It was clear Harry and Uncle Moony both recognised him too, for they sucked in sharp breaths."Good evening, Lucius," said Dumbledore pleasantly.Mr Malfoy swept into the room like he owned it, almost knocking Harry over. Dobby scurried inside after him, his tiny form crouching at the hem of Malfoy's cloak with a terrified look on his little face."So!" said Lucius Malfoy. Calla looked at Uncle Moony urgently; she didn't want to linger in a room with that man. But Dobby was crouching there, and she realised at once he must be the Malfoy house elf. He didn't have a choice."You've come back," Malfoy said with a sneer. "The governors suspended you, and yet still you saw fit to make a return to Hogwarts of your own accord.""Well, you see, Lucius," Dumbledore said with an all too serene smile. "The other eleven governors all contacted me today. It was something like being caught in a hailstorm of owls, to tell the truth." Calla's eyes snapped between Dumbledore and Malfoy to see the reaction. Suffice to say, Malfoy did not look to be taking this well. "They'd heard that Arthur Weasley's daughter had been killed and waited me back here at once. They seemed to think I was the best man for the job after all." Uncle Moony let out a small huff that was almost a laugh. "Very strange tales they told me, too. Several of them seemed to be under the impression, Lucius, that you had threatened their families with curses, if they didn't all agree to suspend me in the first place. "Mr Malfoy had gone pale white, but his eyes were still narrowed in fury. "So - have you stopped the attacks yet? Have you caught the culprit?""We have," Dumbledore said with a smile."Well?" asked Malfoy. "Who is it?""The same person as last time, Lucius," Dumbledore said. "This time, however, Lord Voldemort was able to carry out his plans through another, by the use of this diary." He held up Riddle's diary with the hole clean through it and was watching Malfoy closely.Calla glanced to Uncle Moony, who was fixatedly glaring at Malfoy, but then her eyes caught, like Harry's, on Dobby.He was acting very odd, though Calla supposed elves often acted odd. His eyes were fixed on Harry, put he kept pointing to the diary, then at Mr Malfoy, and slammed his fist into his forehead, knocking himself backwards."I see..." Mr Malfoy said to Dumbledore.Calla made to stop Dobby from hitting himself on the head, but Mr Malfoy's eyes caught on her and she froze."A clever plan," Dumbledore said calmly, drawing Mr Malfoy's attention back around to him. He still was staring him straight in the eye, like he was watching for something intently. "Because of the Potters here-" Mr Malfoy's gaze whipped around on Harry, this time "-and their friends had not stumbled across this diary, why, then Miss Ginny Weasley may have taken all of the blame. No one would ever have been able to prove that she hadn't acted of her own free will."Mr Malfoy was silent, and it was as though a mask had slipped over his features. Something clicked in Calla's mind. That day at Diagon Alley, he'd picked up Ginny's textbook... And had he slipped something else inside of it?"It was you," she said quietly. Uncle Moony looked at her curiously; Dumbledore was still speaking. "Mr Malfoy, you gave it to her."Everyone in the room stared at her, and she saw Harry's own thoughts click into place. "In - in Floursh and Blotts," she said nervously."You picked up Ginny's old Transfiguration textbook," Harry said, as it dawned on him. "And you must have slipped it inside!""Prove it," hissed Mr Malfoy through bared teeth.Calla coiled back."Oh, no one will be able to do that," Dumbledore said in a placid voice. "Not now that Riddle has vanished from the book. On the other hand, Lucius, I would advise you not to go about handing out any more of Lord Voldemort's old school things. If any more of them found their way into innocent hands, I think Arthur Weasley would see to it that they are traced back to you..."Lucius Malfoy had gone pale. He stood for a moment and it looked like he might go for his wand - Uncle Moony stepped subtly in front of Calla and Harry - but he turned around, instead, to Dobby."We're going, Dobby!"He wrenched the door open and strode out, his robe whipping about around him. As Dobby ran up to him, Malfoy kicked him through it and Calla winced, then felt anger through her. She looked to Uncle Moony. "Can we go now?" she asked quietly, and he nodded."Professor Dumbledore," Harry said quickly, as Calla's eyes cut to him. "Can I give that diary back to Mr Malfoy, please?"Calla stared at him in shock. What on Earth was he thinking? But Dumbledore said, "Of course, Harry. But do hurry: the feast, remember. And I am sure Remus would like to have a word with the two of you before you head down."Harry grabbed the diary and dashed out of the office before Cala could react. She turned to stare at Uncle Moony, who looked just as perplexed as she felt. Dumbledore had a light twinkle in his eye. "You might want to go with him," he said calmly to them both, and Uncle Moony led her out of the office.There was no Harry down the corridor, but he must have turned down towards the stairs. Uncle Moony looked at her sternly as the office door closed behind them. "I hope you know," he said, "that you are not to do something like this again.""But Harry-""I understand why you did it, Calla," Uncle Moony said quietly. "That doesn't change the fact that you may well have died down there, and your brother, too. After last year I thought you might have gained a bit more sense than to go dashing off into danger.""I had a plan," she mumbled. "And I'm fine!""You shouldn't have had to have a plan for this at all," he said. "You're twelve years old and you shouldn't have had any of this responsibility on you. It should never have fallen to you or Harry, or any student, to catch the heir or to save Ginny Weasley. When I got the letter from your dorm-mates... Calla, I thought you had been killed.""I'm sorry," Calla said, shame flooding her cheeks. "I tried to do the right thing, but-""I know," Uncle Moony said gently. "But Calla, your parents gave their lives to protect you and your brother. Rushing into danger, no matter how noble your intentions... It's a rather shoddy way to repay them."She hadn't even thought of that. "I'm sorry," she mumbled again. "I didn't want Harry to get hurt, and I thought - if I could get there first I could stop him from having to go down and I could help him if he did go down and I could save him, but... You're right," she admitted, feeling tears sting her eyes. "And I am sorry, because I didn't want to worry you."With a tender smile, Uncle Moony bent down and pulled her into a tight hug. "I know," he told her. "It's alright, and you're safe now. Now," he said, stepping back as Calla hastily dried her eyes, "we ought to find your brother."She nodded and they went along the corridor just in time to see Dobby and Harry talking - Dobby looking excited, Harry looking rather stunned and awkward, which was a common expression on him - and Dobby fling his arms around Harry. Uncle Moony have a surprised cough that may or may not have originated as a laugh."Harry Potter is far greater than Dobby ever knew!" Dobby cried, and Calla raised her eyebrows. "Farewell, Harry Potter!"Then there was a crack and Dobby disappeared and Calla, Uncle Moony, and Harry were all left staring at the spot where he'd vanished. Calla tore her gaze from the stone floor to her brother. "What happened?" she asked, stunned."I sort of... Freed him.""You freed Lucius Malfoy's house elf?" Uncle Moony asked, looking both confused and proud. He let out a small bark of a laugh. "Good on you, Harry."Harry went red. "Yeah, well, I couldn't just leave him with him, could I? He did try to save my life after all, even if he didn't do a very good job of it." Calla laughed. "Can we go to the feast now?"On the way down, Uncle Moony gave Harry the same talk he'd given Calla, and her brother was left feeling quite put out about it. He left them at the doors to the Great Hall, making his way into the grounds, and both Harry and Calla looked at each other."You okay?" she asked him quietly.After a moment's pause, he nodded. "Yeah. Are you?"She took a moment, then nodded as well. "Yeah."XxOf all the Hogwarts feast, this was by far Calla's favourite. Everyone was in their pajamas, and the celebrations lasted well into the morning when the sun was already rising in the enchanted ceiling.Hermione had rushed in beaming, shouting delightedly at Harry and Ron and enveloping then in hugs, then bounding right over to Calla, Padma and Daphne to do the same. The whole of the Ravenclaw table had cheered louder than Calla thought possible, as Penelope Clearwater rejoined them, already crushed between her beaming year-mates.She didn't know what the best part was: Padma and Daphne finally having made up, beaming the entire night, or when their combined six hundred points for Ravenclaw (six hundred points!) had secure dthem the House Cup again, with Gryffindor second just behind them in the running, or when Justin, Ernie, Susan, Zach and Hannah all appeared at the Ravenclaw table to wring Calla's hand and to offer hugs all around to celebrate, or when Hagrid came in at half past three and asked Calla delightedly what she thought of the acromantulas, or when Dumbledore announced that the end of year exams had been cancelled as a School treat and the whole of Ravenclaw house breathed a massive sigh of relief (though Lisa and Michael did complain their revision was for nothing, until a prefect pointed out that no knowledge was ever wasted and they cheered up, tucking into chocolate cake).Mostly everyone cheered when it was announced that Lockhart would not be returning to teach the next year since he needed to go away to get his memory back.It wasn't until they returned to Ravenclaw later on, at around seven o'clock, that Calla collapsed onto her bed. The girls fired questions off at her, which Daphne and Padma helped to answer, but she fell asleep soon, and allowed herself to relax.The rest of the summer term was befittingly sunny, as it blazed down on them. Life at Hogwarts went on as normal - or as normal as life in a magical school could be - though Defense Against the Dark Arts was cancelled. "It's not like we learned much in that class anyway," Isobel said.Owing to her part in stopping the heir, Calla was now more popular in Ravenclaw than she'd ever been, which was quite disconcerting. She, Padma and Daphne spent many of their days in the grounds, usually surrounded by the other second year Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs, and often by the lake playing ground Quidditch, which was rather starting to grow on Calla. To her great relief, her magic was slowly starting to improve in classes, and McGonagall congratulated her in Transfiguration, causing a good mood which carried her all the way through to their journey home on the Hogwarts Express.She spent the first half of the journey in a carriage with Daphne, Padma, and the other girls in their dormitory, listening to Mandy's story about her cousin who'd recently signed all of his body hair off with a rogue charm, leaving only half of his left eyebrow, and making the most of the time they had left to practice magic. Lisa, she learned, was especially good at making it snow for ten seconds at a time, waiting until it had melted and then causing it to snow again.When they were near Manchester, she, Daphne and Padma headed down the train to the compartment where Harry, Hermione and the Weasleys has set up camp, just in time for Daphne to nearly get hit in the head by one of Dr Filibuster's Fireworks. "Sorry, Greengrass," said Fred with a wicked grin. "Keep your hair on."They were almost at King's Cross when Harry sat up. "Ginny - what did you see Percy doing that he didn't want you to tell anyone?"Calla looked at her curiously. What had perfect prefect Percy been up to all year?"Oh, That," Ginny said, giggling. "Well, Percy's got himself a girlfriend."Fred dropped a stack of books on George's head. "What?""It's that Ravenclaw Prefect," Ginny said, with a nod to Calla. "Penelope Clearwater." Oh. Calla, Daphne and Padma all exchanged grins. "That's who he was writing to all summer. He's been meeting her all over the school, in secret. I walked in on them kissing in an empty classroom one day.""Romantic," Daphne muttered, and Padma grinned at her."He was so upset when she was - you know - attacked. You won't tease him, will you?" she added anxiously, and Calla knew at once that was all Fred and George would do all summer."Wouldn't dream of it," Fred said, looking like he'd never heard better news in all his life."Definitely not," said George, snickering.When the Hogwarts Express finally slowed to a stop, Harry pulled out his quill and a bit of parchment, and turned to Ron, Hermione, Padma and Daphne. "This is called a phone number," he said, scribbling the number down four times, before tearing his parchment into fours and handing it to each of them. "I told your dad how to use a telephone last summer, Ron, he'll know what to do. Uh, Padma-""My aunt married a muggle," she supplied with a smile. "We'll figure it out."Daphne looked down at the parchment in bewilderment. "What's a telephone again?"Calla burst out laughing. "Just get someone to explain it to you," she said. "Or you can write and I'll sneak Moony out of her cage." Her owl gave a hoot of agreement. "I'm much better at being sneaky than Harry.""Call us at the Dursleys," Harry told them. "Okay? I can't stand another summer like the last, and I don't know when Uncle Moony'll get us.""Your aunt and Uncle will be proud though, won't they?" Hermione asked as they got down off the train and joined the thick crowd on Platform Nine and Three Quarters. "When they hear about what the two of you did this year?""Proud?" said Harry, and Calla laughed. "Are you mad? All the times we could have gotten killed and didn't manage it? They'll be furious."Just before the barrier, Daphne pulled Calla and Padma aside and said quietly, "I don't really know if I'll get the chance to phone you, Calla, or see you two. Mum and Dad are coming round but I'm really not sure they'll extend their new leaf to Muggle... telephones." Calla smiled."That's alright," she said. "But write us at least, so we know you're alright? We'll try and meet up when we can, yeah?"They both nodded, and Padma pulled the two of them into a quick tight hug before they returned to the other three. Calla came to Harry's side, bumping his shoulder, and they made their way back to the Muggle world.AN: And that wraps up year two! There have been quite a few changes made which will impact the story later on, and new plot threads which I'm really looking forward to developing more. There may be a short break while I work out some of the plot for book three prior to getting chapters out but it should definitely be up by about late October. Let me know if there's anything in particular you think needs to be developed more or any part of the plot you want explored more in third year; feedback is always more than welcome! :)

Calla really did not enjoy Summers at the Dursleys'. Not only were they boring, and filled mostly with chores for her and Harry, but she didn't have any of her school friends to talk to, and very little connection to the magical world. She had her owl, Moony, of course, and Harry's and all their school things, but they weren't allowed to use them at all. Harry did all of his homework by torchlight, late at night.She wished more than anything that they'd be able to stay with her godfather the whole of the holidays, but apparently, Dumbledore's orders were that they had to return to Privet Drive for a short time at least. They couldn't be with Uncle Moony on or around the full moon, but for four weeks out of the eight, they were allowed to stay with him.It'd be the first opportunity for them to see their friends too. Harry's best friend, Ron, had phoned earlier on in the summer, but clearly hadn't been taught to use a telephone or how to avoid mentioning Hogwarts, because that had caused a massive blow up and resulted in none of their friends being able to contact them at all. They were allowed to let their owls out at nights, but not to deliver letters - though Calla had sent one, to Daphne, telling her not to write back and only to send Moony back at night.But for the two weeks at Uncle Moony's, they'd be able to do more or less as they pleased. They could send owls and invite their friends over, he'd said, but not too many. They'd agreed Hermione and Ron would come over one day and Padma and Daphne two days later, but they'd settle in first.Harry was still running about daft trying to pack all of his things, when the doorbell rang downstairs. "Boy!" Uncle Vernon yelled up the stairs. "Girl! Get down here!"There was the sound of the door clicking open, Uncle Vernon's rough voice, and the gentle, polite voice of Uncle Moony. Casting her brother a sharp look to hurry up, Calla grabbed her trunk and hauled it down the stairs, clattering Against the wood. Dudley looked up at her terrified like he thought she was going to start using it as a weapon."Uncle Moony!" she called cheerfully, leaving her trunk at the bottom of the stairs and hugging him tightly. "How are you?""I'm well," he said with a smile. "Where's Harry?""He's still packing," Calla said, shrugging. "I told him to get organised earlier, but he didn't listen.""Why am I not surprised?" Uncle Moony turned to Vernon, who was already red in the face. "Might we use the living room for a moment while we wait for Harry to pack his things?""No you may not," Uncle Vernon said thunderously. He'd never liked Uncle Moony, only ever tolerated him, but ever since Calla and Harry had found out they were a witch and wizard, he liked him even less.There was the sound of something rattling upstairs and Harry yelping. Calla held back a laugh."Ah, how unfortunate," said Uncle Moony, looking up the stairs. "Shall we take the trunks outside then?"Uncle Vernon looked like he thought that was an even worse option, which Calla was sure Uncle Moony knew when he'd said it. It was probably also why he'd said it. She grinned at him, just as Harry came clattering down the stairs, a short sleeve still hanging out the lid of his trunk."Are we ready to go then?" he asked enthusiastically, beaming as he looked between Calla and Uncle Moony."If the two of you have everything you need, yes."Uncle Moony took their owl cages from them and led them out of the house, to Uncle Vernon's purple rage and Dudley's terror. Calla flashed him a grin and he cowered against the wall.They closed the door behind them and Calla burst into a grin. A few of the neighbours stared as they made their way along Privet Drive, which Aunt Petunia would no doubt be furious about. Harry seemed to think the same, as he was grinning from ear to ear as they tugged their trunks along.They were just out of Magnolia Crescent when Uncle Moony told them to grab onto his arms. Anticipating the apparition she so hated, Calla did so and squeezed her eyes shut, clinging tightly to her trunk. She didn't want it to get lost mid-apparition and wind up in Kent or anything.There was a feeling like she was being squeezed down a very narrow tube, and when they were spat out the other end it was in front of Uncle Mooney's house, with its grey gable walls and mossy black roof tiles. Calla beamed at the sight of it.He made them dinner the first night, and the second and third they helped out. It was much more fun working as a group of three to make their meals than it was when she and Harry had to cook for the Dursleys, plus they knew that they always got their share of it when they stayed with Uncle Moony.Calla relished in being able to send Moony out again. She wrote letters to Padma, Daphne, and Isobel (who was apparently desperate for magical communication over the summer) to hear about their summers. One of Padma's cousins had had a child, and another had announced she was getting married the next year, and Padma was incredibly excited in the beginnings of wedding prep, as was Parvati. Daphne had spent most of her summer arguing with Astoria, apparently, with the most recent dispute being over an emerald bracelet Astoria had stolen and accidentally broken. Isobel was bored out of her mind, according to her letters, and 'never realised how boring Leith actually is'.Every letter she got was exciting, no matter if the contents were as exciting. Last Summer Calla had spent ages without word from her friends, but this summer was different, and she relished in the contact.One thing she didn't relish was her homework. It was easier than doing it by torchlight in the secrecy of their bedroom, since they had Uncle Moony and all of his books to consult if they needed help, but it was a constant reminder of what she'd struggled with most at Hogwarts: actually doing the practical part of magic. Which was quite an important part.He wasn't supposed to, but Uncle Moony let them practice some magic (under close supervision of course). Technically the Trace only found an area where magic happened, not the person who performed it, and so they went undetected. So long as they didn't tell anyone at Hogwarts, none would be any the wiser.And that was another exciting thing: Uncle Moony had told them that Dumbledore had chosen him to be the new Defense the Dark Arts teacher. He'd have a solid, regular salary and accommodation for the duration of his placement there. Harry was beyond excitement at the news, and Calla was overjoyed for her godfather, but Defense had never been her best class. She worried that she wouldn't be good enough and that she'd disappoint him, until Harry reminded her that both Quirrel and Lockhart were terrible teachers and Uncle Moony was sure to be fantastic, so she'd definitely do better with him as a teacher. That cheered her up quite a bit, and they'd went out to the Leaky Cauldron to celebrate.Apparently, there had been a new potion invented recently: the Wolfsbane potion. It didn't cure lycanthropy, but meant that the transformed werewolf would be tame, and Uncle Moony would be able to stay somewhere safe having taken it, and in control of himself enough that he wouldn't be a danger to anyone. But they still had to return to Privet Drive around the time of the full moon, so Uncle Moony could recover from the toll it took on him.They spent their days not only studying but enjoying themselves as they'd never been allowed to at Privet Drive. Hermione and Ron visited, and the four of them played ground Quidditch, the boys against the girls. They were defeated, tragically, but Calla thought thy held their own quite well considering neither of them really played.On the day Daphne and Padma visited, they went on a walk in the little village where Uncle Moony stayed. Daphne flirted furiously with one of the local boys, and Calla had to drag her away before they all wound up in their game of football, which no one but she and Harry knew how to play.Even on the days their friends weren't there, they had fun: Calla had time to draw and Harry frequently zipped around Uncle Moony's small garden on his broom. The anti-Muggle wards had to be put back up every day to make sure no one saw him. He kept trying to get Calla up on a broom too, but she still didn't entirely trust it.It was the day before they were meant to return to Privet Drive when Calla, after ages of Harry's whining, gave in. Under the strict eye of Uncle Moony, and the excited guidance of Harry, she commanded the broom to her hand (it hit her wrist a little too hard but she was not going to tell Harry that) and mounted it nervously. Apparently brooms knew when their riders were nervous, so she tried to keep herself calm.It's just a broom, she reminded herself. No big deal. Harry does it all the time.Then again Harry was a Quidditch prodigy, and she really, really did not like heights.She felt a bit queasy as she took off, going slower than the Nimbus 2000 was really meant to go. It hummed underneath her, and didn't immediately throw her off, which she took as a good sign. In first year, she'd been very uncomfortable on a broom; at least now she felt a little less terrified.Flying a broom, she told herself, was nothing compared to stabbing a basilisk.Then she looked down and her stomach fell out from under her. "You need to adjust your grip!" Harry called up to her."Adjust it how?" Calla yelled back.The nimbus gave a jerk and she shrieked, adjusting her grip immediately and clinging to it with white knuckles. "Er, a bit like that," Harry said with a grin. "Just relax.""Easy for you to say!" Calla huffed back. "You're on the ground!""It's alright," said Uncle Moony calmly, waving her down. "You look awfully pale, Calla, perhaps it would be better to continue another day.""I'm fine!" she called back in protest. She tried manoeuvring the broom around, to do a slow lap across the garden, but it wouldn't budge.She pulled it with atug and Harry yelled frantically, "Be careful with it!""I am!" she yelled back, trying to urge the broom around. "It's fine!"The broom shuddered under her. "You should come down now," said Harry quickly, eyes widening."I fell fine!" she said, feeling like she was about to throw up.But the broom didn't seem to care how she felt. It dropped to the ground suddenly, forcing her to dismount clumsily before it flew back to Harry and laid itself at his feet. She glared at it. "I was fine," she muttered, frustration blooming. "Stupid broom.""Hey!" Harry said indignantly. "It's not the broom's fault!""Well, I was fine.""It works okay for me.""Good for you," Calla muttered. She turned around and stomped back into the house with Uncle Moony at her heels."You were doing alright, you know," he said."I do know," Calla said shortly."It was when you looked down you seemed a bit shaky. But you were good!""Thanks," Calla muttered, not sure why her nerves were so short at the moment. She toed off her shoes. "I think I'm going to finish off my History of Magic essay."When she caught sight from her bedroom window of Harry flying about in the garden, her gut twisted. She'd never cared that he was better than her at it before; she knew she was being ridiculous getting frustrated. She'd never been good at flying! She ought to have accepted it by now. She had accepted it, really.With a sigh, she pulled out her History notes and started work on her essay.XxHarry and Calla were as normal when they had to return to the Dursleys: united in their dislike for their Muggle relatives. They did the remainder of their essays by torchlight and went on walks around the estate, garnering judgmental looks and whispers from the Dursleys' nosy neighbours. They were used to those.After all the racket the owls caused, Uncle Vernon allowed Calla and Harry to let Hedwig and Moony out at night on the condition that they wouldn't be used to send letters. Calla wasn't totally sure she wanted to take the risk, only sending Moony on to her godfather so he'd know they were alright, but it was a relief that if they did need to send letters before they returned to Uncle Moony's, it would be easier than it was last year.Harry was working on his History of Magic essay on the bed across from Calla. Normally she'd leave him to it, falling asleep to the scratch of his quill, but tonight was different. The bright alarm clock on the table between their beds was lit up at 23:57, and it was the night before their birthday. In three minutes' time, they would be thirteen years old.They'd never much enjoyed their birthdays, especially since Uncle Moony couldn't be there for this one. The Dursleys rarely recognised it of their own accord, anyway, and had ignored the last two. Calla didn't suspect they'd remember this one, especially as she didn't expect either a half-giant or her godfather to arrive today.Moony was ruffing her feathers by the windowsill. She hadn't wanted to go out tonight, for some reason, though Hedwig had been absent for the past two nights. Calla could tell it made Harry a bit agitated, even though she was a very smart bird, and could certainly take care of herself.23:59"Harry," Calla whispered over in the dark. "It's almost time."He glanced up from his essay, face illuminated by his bright white torch. He looked to the alarm clock, then to Calla, and grinned, pushing his essay aside and sitting up as the little numbers ticked down.00:00"Happy birthday, Calla," he said, crossing to her bed and hugging her around the shoulders."Happy birthday, Harry," she said, sure to keep her voice low - just in case they woke the Dursleys.Both of them looked to the window nervously, anticipating some form of letter. But there were no owls in the sky. Calla shrugged. "It is only just gone twelve," she said, though she could tell Harry was a bit put out. "And you know what Ron's owl's like, too."Errol, the Weasleys' ancient owl was grey and molting, and often reminded Calla of a mop whose handle had been broken off. He was not a very good flier in his old age, even worse than Calla."I'm just watching for Hedwig," Harry mumbled. His face was preoccupied though, and Calla got the feeling he was thinking the thing that had been bothering her for a while: the two of them were, really, lucky that they'd reached their thirteenth birthdays at all.After ten minutes when it became clear that there were no owls arriving, Harry groaned. "I should get back to the essay," he said, getting to his feet.Calla nodded, and flopped back on her bed, pulling the blankets over her. She figured she might as well get some sleep, even if her brother insisted on writing his essay.She wasn't sure how long it was before she was being shaken awake, the room still mostly in darkness. "What?" she asked groggily to Harry."Look!" he said urgently, and pointed to the window.Calla looked up just in time to see a row of owls holding up what did definitely look like a handleless mop - Errol. There was Hedwig, snowy white, a tawny owl Calla didn't recognise, then an eagle owl she was fairly certain belonged to Daphne, and another barn owl that was Padma's.She broke into a grin, leaping up. The tawny owl dropped off a letter on each of their beds, both bearing the Hogwarts seal, and promptly took off into the night. The other owls desposited a seemingly unconscious Errol on Harry's bed, before Daphne and Padma's owls both hopped over to Calla's bed. One landed on each of her shoulders, and she carefully untied the letters and packages from around their legs.She carefully unwrapped the paper from around the two packages revealing two presents - wrapped in brilliant silver paper from Padma, and the other that changed between every colour of the rainbow for Daphne - as well as a birthday card in Padma's and a very long, tightly rolled scroll of parchment from Daphne.She opened the card from Padma first. On the front was a picture of Rowena Ravenclaw with the words, "Happy Ravenclaw Birthday!" beneath her serious faced statue. Calla grinned and opened up the card.To Calla, it said.Biggest happy birthday! Hope you're doing alright with the muggles, Mum says we can have the two of you over one day near the end of the holidays, let us know when you can come! Apparently Ron's in Egypt with his family, which is good for him, I just hope they don't all end up sunburnt. The Weasleys are great but they're very pale. Anyway, me and Daphne tried to co-ordinate our presents (it was mostly my idea) so we very much hope that you like them! Write back when you can.Lots of love, Padma She grinned and decided she ought to read the letter from Daphne before she opened their presents. She unravelled the tight scroll, which had been bound with golden threads, and let it fall down onto the bed. It was an incredibly long letter that might as well have been Harry's history of Magic essay.Dear Calla, Happy birthday! I hope you're getting this letter on time, Aurore has been a little bit slow with her deliveries recently, Mother and Father don't know what's wrong with her. Astoria thinks she's pregnant, but I doubt it - she just wants to see owl babies because she thinks they're cute. She's still been annoying me, of course, which comes as absolutely no surprise. Mother and Father have really been much better about the whole Ravenclaw thing though, and with Lucius Malfoy's power starting to wane they're very supportive of me. According to Pansy, he's furious over losing his house elf, and most of the other purebloods are blaming him for being able to lose it to a child. I've not been with the others very much, though. But Pansy and Blaise have both been around quite often and Mother and Father seem quite satisfied that I'm still on good terms with the purebloods, as the eldest Greengrass. There's been a whole discussion about marriage for Astoria and I, which I'm sure will come as a surprise to you, but arranged marriage is common for purebloods - all the Black family used to do it, until Andromeda went off and married that muggleborn, and she's Narcissa Malfoy's own sister. Mother wants me to marry Theo, you know, Theodore Nott. He's nice but I don't particularly want to marry him, you know? They've got me going to this ball next week, and my dress robes are gorgeous - I'll send you a picture of me wearing them when I can - and Theo and I are meant to dance to 'confirm our betrothal' even though I know for a fact that he is a horrid dancer. Hopefully we can manage to sneak off somewhere with Pansy and Draco (I don't know if Blaise is coming or not) instead. Anyway, I'll tell you everything when we return to Hogwarts, or when I next get to see you. Padma and I worked together on our presents so hopefully you like them both. I'll see you soon, have a wonderful birthday and write if you're able to!All my love,Daphne Aethra Myrina GreengrassCalla smiled at the sign off - she didn't know Daphne's middle name, let alone that she had two of them. Aethra Myrina. She tried not to let out a chuckle at it."Any chance of us going to London the last week of the holidays?" Harry asked."I guess if Uncle Moony's alright with it," Calla replied, glancing over to him. "Is that when Ron's back from Egypt?"Harry blinked in surprise. "How do you know he's in Egypt?" She gave him a pointed look. "Did you have a vision of it? Why didn't you say?"Calla laughed. "No, Padma mentioned it in her letter. What's else Ron said?""Not much," Harry told her. "He's getting a new wand, and Percy's head boy.""That's fantastic!" Calla said, beaming. "What's that you've got."Harry held up a small, glass spinning top. "Pocket sneakoscope, Ron says. It lights up and spins when there's someone untrustworthy around.""Nice." Calla turned back to her own presents, one from Daphne and one from Padma. She opened the multi-coloured papered one - from Daphne - first, and out came a new, ornate silver mirror with brilliant blue sapphires inlaid in the handle. On the back was a note: I know you kept having to use mine last year (for a lot of different purposes, might I add) so here's a new mirror. It also speak to you if you ask it a question, but the answer's aren't always completely reliable. - Daphne Deciding to try it out, Calla smiled and whispered, "What time is it?"After a half a second the mirror replied, "Whatever time it says on that clock behind you."She turned around to see the numbers 01:13 illuminated on the clock and grinned. "What's that?" Harry asked, frowning over from the lengthy letter he held (probably from Hermione)."A new mirror from Daphne," she replied, setting it down and taking the silver wrapped gift from Padma.It was significantly larger and bulkier, and she thought it might be a book (though now that was co ordinated with the mirror she wouldn't know), until she opened it. It was a hair care kit, with the main piece being a silver comb with little blue sapphires all over it. The label said: this comb will make your hair pliable to shift into any style you desire, perfect for young witches. There were two bottles of something called Sleakeazy's, along with a set of hair pins and a light blue hairband.We know you're always complaining about your hair being a mess and impossible to work with in the mornings, so we thought you'd like this. According to Daphne it was a Potter who invented Sleakeazy's too, which is quite funny. Happy birthday! - PadmaShe grinned. She hadn't received presents like these before - and her friends had a point, she was always complaining of her messy hair, and the other girls in the dorm were always complaining about her complaining.There was one package left for her. Her name had been scrawled messily on the brown paper, and she knew the handwriting at once to be Hagrid's. She set about carefully pulling off the paper, glimpsing something green and leathery. The inside gave a growl and snapped viciously and Calla froze. Harry stared over at her.It would be just like Hagrid to send her a present that fought her. He wouldn't send her something dangerous on purpose, but he also had a very skewed perception of what the word 'dangerous' meant. Only last year he'd sent her and her friends into the Forbidden Forest to an Acromantula herd that were supposed to be his friends. He had bought a three headed dog and a dragon egg, as well, and much as Calla had liked Norbert, she did know that dragons were dangerous, unlike Hagrid, who had liked to ignore that vital fact.Harry was looking at his own package from Hagrid now; he poked it nervously and it snapped loudly. The twins exchanged nervous glances and both reached for the lamp at the same time. "You go first," Harry said to Calla, who really did not want to go first. She shoved her present towards Harry and it gave an urgent snap."You do it," she hissed."Why me?""Because... you're taller," she told him."So? I can still be eaten!"But he took the book anyway and, with a nervous look at Calla, raised the lamp over his head and pulled back the wrapping paper. A book fell out, green and leathery, and thunked onto the floor where it scuttled furiously sideways like a crab, snapping its jaws. Calla's feet dangled over the edge of her bed and she pulled her knees sharply up to her chest to avoid them getting bitten off by the book.Harry followed it through the room, to the dark space under their desk, and Calla leaned over the other side of the bed nervously, watching as her brother knelt down and reached out for it.He gave a small yell and pulled his hand back, the book clamped around it. It leapt off and flapped away, still scuttling in that weird, crab like way.Harry and Calla both lunges at the same time to try and flatten it. Harry grabbed it, holding it tight to his chest as Calla and the owls watched on nervously. "Get my belt," Harry hissed and Calla obliged, grabbing one from his drawers and handing it to him.He buckled it around the book tightly and it gave an angry shudder, but it wasn't able to do much more. Harry threw it onto Calla's bed; she shrieked and scurried back, but it didn't pose much of a threat anymore at least. She could make out the words 'The Monster Book Of Monsters' on it's spine. Of course."What does your card say?" Harry asked, having bound his own book now too.She reached for it and read.Dear Calla,Happy birthday!Think you might find this useful for next year. Won't say more here. Tell you when I see you both.Hope the muggles are treating you right until you can get to your godfather's.All the best,Hagrid"How's a biting book going to come in useful?" Calla asked faintly."I don't know," Harry said, grinning. "I suspect we'll find out in some greatly dramatic way."They put their cards from Hagrid up next to the ones from Hermione, Ron, Daphne and Padma, and Calla went to look at the Broomstick Servicing Kit Harry had received from Hermione. Just as she did so, Calla caught sight of the other owl soaring in through the window and her heart soared. It was a small, grey owl that she knew was Uncle Moony's owl, Farrin, clutching a letter"It's Farrin," she said to her brother, jumping up and crossing to the window to greet the sweet little owl.She took the letter, before going back to sit by Harry's side. He peered curiously over her shoulder.To Calla and Harry, it said in her godfather's familiar handwriting.Happy birthday! Another year passed and you're both thirteen now. I can hardly believe it. You should have gotten your Hogwarts letters too by now. I have your Defense books for you already, but I can take you to Diagon Alley when you're back staying with me near the end of the Summer. See if you can find a date when your friends can be there too.I will see the two of you soon to give you your presents. Stay safe please, and keep an eye out for each other.All my love,Uncle MoonyCalla beamed as she set the card down in pride of place on their desk, and Harry crossed off another day on their chart, counting down the days until they were to return to Hogwarts. She opened the Hogwarts letter, which was mostly the same as usual, except..."Third years," Harry read aloud, "are permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends. Please give the enclosed permission form to your parent or guardian to sign."He turned and beamed at Calla. "That's brilliant! That's where Fred and George get all their tricks.""Daphne told me the sweet shop's meant to be great," Calla said, though she was a bit worried about the 'parent or guardian' part. "Do you think Uncle Moony can sign it for us?""Yeah!" Harry said, like it was obvious. "Of course he can; he's your godfather.""He's not technically our guardian, though," Calla pointed out nervously. "Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon are."Harry's face fell. "And they'll never sign it," he said gloomily.She nodded. "Exactly." Farrin was still hopping around on the windowsill. "Should we write to Uncle Moony and ask?""He'll be asleep," Harry pointed out. "And it's almost full moon."She groaned. A glance at the clock told her it was now two in the morning: as if on cue, Harry gave a yawn. "We'll sort it out," he said tiredly, lying back on his bed. "I'm sure it'll be fine."Calla nodded and sighed as she crawled back into bed. She'd write Uncle Moony in the morning and hopefully he'd be able to get back to her soon.For now, though, she was tired. She fell asleep easily, happy on her birthday, as she should be.

They went down to breakfast together in the morning, to find the three Dursleys already watching the television from the kitchen table. It was brand new, and a welcome home present for Dursley, as he had been complaining about the length of the walk between the fridge and the television in the living room. Naturally, the solution was to get another new television, in the kitchen, which Dudley had kept his eyes glued to all summer while he ate.The pair sat down between Dudley and Uncle Vernon, who both pointedly ignored them and their birthday. Calla hadn't expected any better. She helped herself to a bit of toast, glancing up at the news. The newsreader was halfway through his report, about some escaped convict. This was very exciting for Surrey."The public is warned that Black is armed and extremely dangerous. A special hotline has been set up, and any sighting of Black should be reported immediately"No need to tell us he's no good," snorted Uncle Vernon. He glared at the prisoner over the top of his newspaper. "Look at him, the filthy layabout! Look at his hair!"Calla could feel him looking at her and Harry, both of whose hair had always been a source of agitation for Uncle Vernon. Though compared to the man on the television screen, with his hair long, uneven and matted around his face, Calla thought she was rather presentable.The newsreader reappeared on the screen and Calla returned to her toast, now that the excitement was over. Uncle Vernon bellowed furiously about how the news hadn't told them where the criminal had escaped from, and Aunt Petunia was looking sharply out the window; Calla found it funny how they honestly thought a criminal who looked like that might think the nosiest corner of Surrey was the best place for him to hide out. The neighbours would be all over him in seconds.She thought of the idea of the prim inhabitants of Privet Drive trying to hold back an escaped, armed, and extremely dangerous criminal and was about to mention it to Harry, laughing, when Uncle Vernon said, "I'd better be off in a minute, Petunia. Marge's train gets in at ten."Calla's thoughts crashed back down. "Aunt Marge?" Harry blurted out, looking shocked at Uncle Vernon and then frantically to Calla. "She's coming here?"As Uncle Vernon's sister, Aunt Marge had visited quite a few times in Calla and Harry's childhood, and none of her appearances had created many happy memories. They had to call her aunt, despite her not being of any blood relation to them, and they certainly didn't call her aunt in the sentimental way they referred to Remus as Uncle Moony. She was also about as far different to Uncle Moony as anyone could be - built beefily like her brother, she lived in a massive house in the country with a huge garden neither Calla or Harry had ever been allowed to see, and bred British bulldogs that liked to try and rip Calla's legs off every time they saw her. Even if she didn't bring the dogs with her, Aunt Marge was aggressive enough towards them.At Dudley's fifth birthday party, when Uncle Moony had not been able to look after them for the day and the Dursleys couldn't excuse their sending them to Mrs Figg to all their neighbours, Harry had almost beaten Dudley at musical statues and Aunt Marge had whacked him on the shins with her cane in order to stop him from doing so. A few years later at Christmas, she'd brought a computerised robot for Dudley, dog biscuits for Harry, and something very battered and leathery that might have been a leash (she didn't want to find out) for Calla, and had spent the whole night poking fun at Uncle Moony's shabby clothes and his mannerisms. Her last visit the twins had been ten, and Harry had accidentally stepped on the paw of her favourite dog, Ripper. The dog had always snapped at Calla, but it had chased Harry and her furiously all the way into the garden and up a tree, where Calla had almost fallen out; she had refused to call him off until well after midnight, by which time Calla was shaking and had cried for hours, looking down at the very solid ground and the very angry dog. Dudley of course, laughed every time he remembered it."Marge'll be here for a week," Uncle Vernon snarled, as Calla tried to keep in her groan. They weren't due to see Uncle Moony until two weeks' time. "And while we're on the subject." He pointed first to Harry then at Calla, "we need to get a few things straight before I go and collect her. Since that good for nothing godfather of yours-" he shot a snarling look in Calla's direction "-is unable to take you in for this week, we've been stuck with you."Dudley shifted in his seat, trying to listen in on what he no doubt thought to be a fantastic conversation. He had always seemed to greatly enjoy watching Calla and Harry being bullied by Uncle Vernon."Firstly," said Uncle Vernon, "when you are talking to Marge, you will keep a civil tongue in your head.""Only if she keeps one in hers when talking to us," Harry said sulkily - Uncle Vernon ignored him of course."Secondly," Uncle Vernon continued on, "as Marge doesn't know anything about your... abnormalities... I don't want any - any funny stuff while she's here. The two of you will behave yourselves, got that?""If she does," Calla muttered sullenly."And thirdly," said Uncle Vernon, his eyes mean, "we've told Marge you attend St. Brutus' Secure Centre for Incurably Criminal Boys.""What?" Harry yelled, and Calla echoed his sentiments."And you," Uncle Vernon added, rounding on Calla, "St. Bernadette's Education Institute for Dangerously Deranged Girls.""But-""And you'll be sticking to that story, both of you," snarled Uncle Vernon, eyes darting between the two of them, "or there'll be trouble, and your godfather isn't here to stop your punishments."Calla shuddered by Harry's side, pale and terrified. She tried telling herself that after last year, Aunt Marge's dogs shouldn't scare her, but they did; and so did Aunt Marge herself. She could tell Harry was furious, before she'd even arrived, and that would only make the situation more difficult. A whole week of Aunt Marge visiting... She knew already, without the aid of her magic, that there was bound to be trouble."Well, Petunia," said Uncle Vernon, getting to his feet now that he'd finished threatening the twins. "I best be off, then. Want to come along with me, Dudders?""No," Dudley said, his attention now fixed greedily on the television set now that his favourite form of entertainment was over."Duddy's got to make himself smart for his auntie, now," Aunt Petunia said, smoothing over Dudley's shining blond hair. "Mummy's bought his a lovely new bow tie."Calla suddenly imagined the sort of ridiculous bow tie Aunt Petunia would get for Dudley, and him wearing it, and felt just a tad less scared as she hid her laugh from the Dursleys. She caught Harry's eye and had to dart away, to keep from showing her grin.But just as Uncle Vernon clapped Dudley on the shoulder and set off out the kitchen, Harry darted up from his seat and followed him out the door. Dudley's eyes looked questioningly from the door to Calla, and his expression turned to one of brief excitement before he decided to continue watching the telly. With a sigh, Calla got up and followed her brother out, hoping he hadn't been stupid enough to try and go with Uncle Vernon - though why he would want to do that was entirely beyond her."I wanted to ask you something," Harry said, just as Calla stepped into the front hall. Uncle Vernon eyed him suspiciously, then Calla even more suspiciously. Harry looked over his shoulder and gave Calla an unnervingly encouraging smile."Third years at Hog - at our school are allowed to visit the nearby village sometimes on weekends," said Harry."So?" Uncle Vernon asked quite uncaringly, as he took his car keys from the hook by the door.Calla stared at her brother. What exactly was he trying to do - they didn't even know if they needed the Dursleys' permission. "I need you to sign my permission form. And Calla's, too.""And why should I do that?" Uncle Vernon sneered. "And what about her godfather, eh? I thought he was meant to handle this... Business.""Well, it's meant to be a parent or guardian," Harry explained, voice impatient. "And you're our guardian, technically, or at least you're mine. But, you know," he paused as if choosing his words very carefully, and it dawned on calla what his plan was, "it might be very difficult to remember that we got those Saints... What-sits?""St. Brutus' Secure Centre for Incurably Criminal Boys!" Uncle Vernon bellowed at him, seeming to have quite forgotten about Calla, who didn't know if she should intervene or go along with what Harry was trying to do. Uncle Vernon certainly sounded panicked, which she thought was probably her brother's intention.But Harry was rather calm about the whole thing. "Exactly," he said, "it's a lot to remember, isn't it? I'll have to make it sound convincing won't I? What if we accidentally let something slip?"Calla hated to think what Uncle Vernon might do if one of them let something slip. "You'll get the stuffed knocked out of you, won't you?" Uncle Vernon roared. He was purple faced and advancing quickly on Harry with his fist raised, as Calla gave a small squeal of fright and pulled him swiftly out of the way to stand behind her shoulder."It won't make her forget," Calla said as bravely as she could. "And you will not knock the stuffing out of us, or I think a few people might have some choice words to say about that."She let her meaning sink in and Uncle Vernon paused, fist still raised in mid-air. "But if you sign the permission form," he said, stepping forward quickly and tugging himself out of Calla's grip, "I'm sure we'll remember where we're meant to go to school and Aunt Marge won't be any the wiser. We'll be perfectly normal."Uncle Vernon stood there for a long moment, beady eyes darting between the two of them. One of the veins in his forehead looked like it was about to pop. Finally, he snapped, "Right. Okay then. I'll sign these ruddy permission forms if, at the end of Marge's stay, I've seen you two have toed the line. Kept yourselves in check. Stuck to the story."With that, he burled around, yanked open the front door and slammed it behind him so hard Calla could feel the room shudder. "That went surprisingly well," she said faintly.They head up to their room rather than back into the kitchen, and Harry glumly started to hide away all of his presents and cards. "I doubt she'll come in here," Calla said to him, slumping back onto the bed. "Surely we can keep our things out.""I'm not taking any chances, Cal," said Harry, sweeping cards into his trunk. "The owls will definitely have to go away for a bit; if she sees them, it's game over."Calla huffed. He was right, and she didn't want to take any chances either even if there was a higher possibility Uncle Moony could sign her form. She couldn't jeopardise Harry's getting signed either.Harry went over to where Moony and Hedwig sat sleeping with Errol, their heads tucked peacefully under their wings, and he poked them asleep. Moony looked indignantly at Calla and then Harry, then back at Calla again. "You two'll need to clear off for a week or so," Harry said, not very delicately. "Go with Errol and Ron can look after you-" he glanced back at Calla -"or Remus might."Calla thought their owls would probably be safer with Uncle Moony than in Egypt, which would no doubt make them much too hot. "If Uncle Moony can look after him then I'm sure he won't mind." She glanced at Errol - she didn't really like his chances of making it back to Egypt, but didn't think Harry would much approve of her saying so."Yeah, okay, see Uncle Remus first. And don't give me that look," he added to Hedwig, who was glaring at him with great reproach, "it isn't my fault. If I don't then we won't be able to go into Hogsmeade with our friends."Moony gave Calla a look that said, Really? in the best way an owl could. She smiled apologetically. "Sorry, Moons," she said, stroking her owl softly. "We'll see you again really soon, and you'll be very well looked after I'm sure.It took only about ten minutes before they were sending the three owls off, with notes attached for Uncle Moony. Calla hoped he wouldn't mind. They miserably stowed their empty cages away under the bed and Harry sat down on its edge, sulking. "At least we'll get to definitely go to Hogsmeade, though," Calla said as brightly as she could. "And we have each other. Who knows, maybe Aunt Marge has turned over a new leaf?"Harry turned to stare at her. "Okay, she probably hasn't, but we can deal with her, right? And it's only a week."Harry let out a melodramatic groan and flopped back on his bed. "It's a whole week!""You two!" Aunt Petunia shrieked up the stairs. "Marge is arriving soon, get down here and make yourselves presentable!"Now Calla groaned; she was never presentable, to Marge's eyes or Aunt Petunia's.Harry at least tried to comb his hair down as they ran downstairs, but Calla just shook hers out and pulled it forward around her shoulders. They shuffled into the hall by Dudley, who looked completely ridiculous in his bow-tie and shiny blond hair. "Do something about your hair!" Aunt Petunia snapped at them, and Calla tugged her fingers through the tangles fruitlessly, just as there was the crunch of gravel outside. Car doors slammed shut and footsteps came up the path. "Get the door!" Aunt Petunia hissed to Calla, who leapt to attention and flung it open to see Aunt Marge, looming on the threshold.She looked much like she always did - basically Uncle Vernon with a smaller moustache and slightly longer hair. She held an enormous suitcase in one hand and in the other a leash, against which her dog Ripper strained. Calla let out a small squeal as Ripper snapped at her, and she leapt out of the way to Harry's side. Aunt Marge didn't take much notice, roaring for Dudley instead and barging right past the twins. "Where's my neffy poo?"Dudley waddled down the hall past Calla and Harry, shooting them a superior smile. his hair was plastered to his head like it had been flued down, and his bow tie wobbled from side to side under his chins. Aunt Marge thrust her suitcase at Calla, knocking the wind out of her and shoving her against the wall, as Marge pulled Dudley into a hug and pressed a very wet, sloppy kiss to his cheek.When they pulled away, Dudley was hiding his grimace and holding a crisp, twenty pound note in his fist. Calla scowled."Petunia!" Marge cried, thundering down the hall to Aunt Petunia and doing her best to kiss her on the cheek, though it was more like bashing her chin against Aunt Petunia's face.Uncle Vernon came in after her, ignoring Calla and Harry in favour of smiling. "Tea, Marge?" he boomed cheerfully. "and for Ripper?""Ripper'll have some of my tea from my saucer," said Aunt Marge, as the four of them headed into the kitchen, leaving Calla and Harry alone in the hallway. Calla wasn't about to complain though; any time away from Aunt Marge and Ripper was good time, in her opinion."I'll help you with the case," Harry said, taking one end of it from her as the two of them began to heave it up the stairs to the guest bedroom, taking their time about it."Did you see Dudley's bow tie?" he whispered as they reached the top of the stairs, and Calla nodded, giggling."He looked ridiculous, didn't he?"When they returned to the kitchen, Marge was slurping tea noisily from her cup, alternating between that and her very large slice of fruitcake. Ripper lapped away in the corner, and Calla shifted to the other side of Harry away from him. She couldn't exactly explain what it was about Aunt Marge's dogs she didn't like - perhaps it was only the owner - but they had never gotten along even though she generally had a good way with animals. They were a similar breed to Fang, Hagrid's dog, and she loved Fang."Who've you got to look after the other dogs, Marge?" Uncle Vernon boomed over the table."Oh, old Colonel Fubster's looking after them. He's retired now, you see, needs something to be doing. But I couldn't leave old Ripper behind; he pines for me when I'm away, you know."Harry sat between Marge and Calla at the table; it was then that Marge directed her attention towards the two of them for the first time."So!" she barked, and Calla jumped. "Two of you still here then, are you?""Yes," said Harry shortly."Don't take that ungrateful tone with me," growled Aunt Marge. "You're lucky Vernon and Petunia even took the two of you in - if it'd been me, you would have been out on the streets. Straight to an orphanage, that's what I'd have done with you."Calla could tell Harry was itching to say something, and likely would have if he didn't have the Hogsmeade permission slip to be signed. She kept sneaking nervous glances at Ripper, hoping the dog wouldn't decide to set upon her for its next meal. "Don't you smirk at me!" Aunt Marge barked at Harry, who jolted. "And you girl, what are you looking at?"Calla, who'd been keeping an eye on Ripper, shuddered back to stare at Aunt Marge, who was glaring at her suspiciously. "I - I was... Admiring your dog."Aunt Marge huffed. "Admiring him indeed. He's a fine dog - not that you would know your runts from your purebreds, mind you." Calla pressed her lips together and looked away. "Face me when I'm talking to you," barked Aunt Marge, and she snapped her head back up. "I'd have thought your schools would have knocked some manners into you by now. Where is it you send them again, Vernon?""St Brutus' for the boy," Vernon said promptly. "St Bernadette's for the girl. Both first-rate institutions for hopeless cases.""I see," said Aunt Marge, before saying sharply to Harry, "Do they use the cane at St Brutus', boy?""Oh, yeah," Harry said, nodding solemnly. Uncle Vernon was gesturing for him to continue. "All the time.""Excellent," said Aunt Marge. "And St. Bernadette's?" Calla nodded quickly. "Good, good. I can't be doing with this nonsense about not hitting the children when the deserve it. All they need's a good thrashing, most cases. Have the two of you been beaten often?"Calla shrank back, glancing at Uncle Vernon for what to say, but Harry spoke first. "Yeah," he said. "Yeah, the two of us have been beaten loads of times."Aunt Marge narrowed her eyes. "Clearly not hard enough, if you can talk about it casually as that. I'd write to the schools, Petunia, make it clear you approve excessive force in the boy's case. The girl seems to have had that voice beaten out of her well enough."Calla clenched her jaw. Harry looked like he was about to say something; perhaps Uncle Vernon sensed this, as he tried abruptly to change the conversation. "What about that escaped prisoner, eh, Marge?"XxAunt Marge set about making herself at home very quickly, and was unsurprisingly made more welcome than Harry and Calla had ever been. While Aunt Marge liked to keep Harry under her eye at all times, so she might make suggestions for improving his character, she didn't bother herself so much with Calla. Although her workload did increase at Number Four: apparently Marge thought Calla, for all she was quiet, was too weak in character and didn't have practical skills, so she was always giving her extra dishes to clean and very heavy things to lift. If it had gone on all summer, Calla thought she might have returned to Hogwarts built like a beater.But Aunt Marge seemed to have a constant stream of insults prepared for Harry. She kept on buying expensive presents for Dudley and throwing both Harry and Calla dark looks, as if daring them to complain about their not receiving anything; though neither of them had any reason to be surprised about it. And where Calla was called 'weak and unpractical' Harry was 'ungrateful and rotten inside', an altogether worse insult, in her opinion. Calla didn't really mind being unpractical - it gave her more time to think and daydream - and she'd never exactly been strong. But she knew that what Aunt Marge said about Harry bristled him - it upset her, too - because the things she claimed were flat out untrue and Calla felt anyone who actually knew Harry would say the exact same thing."You oughtn't to blame yourself for him, Vernon," Aunt Marge said one night over dinner and wine. "If there's something rotten on the inside, well, there's nothing you can do about it. Same for the girl - born lazy, people like her."Calla gritted her teeth and caught Harry's eye. His cheeks were going rather red - she could tell he was thinking furiously of his Hogsmeade permission slip.Aunt Marge made to grasp her glass of wine. "It's one of the basic rules of breeding," she went on. "You get it all the time with dogs. If there's something wrong with the bitch, then there's something wrong with the pups-"The wine glass shattered. Calla tried furiously not to look at Harry, certain that it had been magic; though certainly not hers. Shards of glass scattered across the table, and Aunt Marge blinked in surprise."Marge!" Aunt Petunia squealed, rushing around the table. "Marge, are you all right?""Ah, don't worry, Petunia," she grunted in response, dabbing at her cheeks. "I have a very firm grip, me; happens all the time. Same thing happened at Colonel Fubster's the other day."But Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were both glaring at Harry and Calla. They caught each other's eyes and nodded swiftly; it was probably best for them to skip pudding and escape the kitchen.Calla followed her brother into the hall, where he stood leaning against the wall, face flushed. "Was it you?" she asked lightly, already knowing the answer."We're not meant to do magic outside of school," Harry said in a hiss, keeping his voice down. "I can't do that again - it'll get me in trouble with the Ministry for sure."The conversation in the kitchen lulled for a moment. "Come on," Calla said, dragging her brother up the stairs. It probably wasn't wise to discuss magic within earshot of the kitchen, however dim that earshot might be. "You'll only get a warning - you haven't gotten in trouble with them before, have you? And besides, it was accidental. It happens all the time.""Yeah, to children. Before Hogwarts. We're thirteen - we're meant to know better."Calla sighed as the reached their room, sitting down on Harry's bed with the door shut behind them. "Well, if you do get in trouble, I'm sure we'll find a way to fix it. And Dumbledore won't let anything happen to you - just be careful. It's one thing to do magic, but if Aunt Marge realises..."Harry groaned. "Don't. We'll be expelled and evicted."XxOver the next few days, Calla managed to slip by under Marge and Ripper's radars mostly. Harry had devised a 'method' of stopping himself from losing his temper with Aunt Marge - thinking about Broomcare - while Calla floated in and out of daydreams. Unfortunately for Harry, Aunt Marge chose him to pick on, deciding due to his permanently glazed look that he must be 'mentally subnormal'; though, as she told Aunt Petunia, she had 'always known that about the girl, besides'.The much-awaited last meal with Marge came at the end of the week. Calla was honestly surprised they'd managed to make it that far. "Now, just make sure you don't get your temper up. Everything she has to say about us, she's said before.." She paused, then said with a grin, "If you do need to do something, don't do magic; just punch her."Harry laughed and shoved her in the side. "I think she'd crush me.""Yeah, but she wouldn't be surprised. You'd be normal to her - you incurable criminal."He stuck his tongue out at her and they made their way downstairs for Aunt Petunia's very fancy dinner. The starter was lentil soup, which Calla had always detested, though she got through it without complaint. Salmon was a bit better, even if she did get the tiniest portion. It was lemon meringue pie for pudding, and Calla dozed into a daydream about a mediaeval witch princess called Cassandra, which was one of her favourite things to daydream about; Cassandra's best friend was a dragon, she'd decided, and his name for now, was Burt.After dinner was cleared away, Aunt Petunia set about making coffee and Calla scribbled a note to Harry under the table on a scrap of parchment. We're almost there. He scribbled back, I've mentally revised the third chapter of Handbook of Do-It Yourself Broomcare three times already. She giggled, but quietened at Uncle Vernon's suspicious glare as he opened a bottle of brandy."Can I tempt you at all, Marge?"Aunt Marge, who had already had rather a lot of wine, gulped and said, "Just a small one," and proceeded to get Uncle Vernon to fill her glass almost all the way.Aunt Petunia was sipping tea; Dudley was devouring his fourth - or maybe fifth? - slice of pie, and Uncle Vernon was predictably glaring. Should we make an exit? Harry scribbled to her. She caught Uncle Vernon's eyes. Best not, she wrote. We'll be done soon enough.Aunt Marge downed her glass of brandy, set it on the table and smacked her lips together loudly. "Ah, that's the ticket. Excellent tea, Petunia, I must say." Aunt Petunia gave a smile of fake modesty. "Usually it's just a fry up for me at home, what with twelve dogs to feed." She burped very loudly and patted her stomach; Calla winkled her nose. "Pardon me. But I like to see a healthy, well-fed boy like your Dudley here." She winked at Dudley. "He'll be a man soon, a properly sized one, just like his father. I'll have a touch more brandy, Vernon. Now, the two of them there," she jerked her head in the direction of the twins. Calla looked up, and sensing what might follow, tried to immerse herself in her Cassandra daydream - here, she slayed a rival dragon using a tree branch fashioned into a sharp point. "They've got mean, runty sort of looks about them. You get that with dogs; Colonel Fubster drowned one of them last year for me. Ratty little thing it was too. Weak," she nodded at Calla who flinched and looked quickly away. "Underbred."Cassandra slaying a dragon. She tried to drown out Aunt Marge, but she wasn't the sort of person it was easy to ignore."Course, it comes down to the blood, as I said the other day there. Bad blood will out, after all. Now, i'm not saying anything against your family, Petunia, but your sister, well, she was a bad egg. They turn up in even the best of families. And then she ran off with a wastrel and here we have the results."Calla tried to image Cassandra now riding into a battle on Burt's purple scaled back, but the kitchen kept interrupting her thoughts. "This Potter," said aunt Marge, spitting the name out as she clutched tightly the end of the tablecloth, "you never told me what he did for a living."The Dursleys froze; Dudley even tore his gaze away from his pie to watch the tension of his parents' faces. It was rather comical, or would have been if Calla wasn't terrified. A funny feeling, one usually associated with her visions, sank into her stomach. If she had one now, she knew, everything would be ruined."He - he didn't work," Uncle Vernon said. "Unemployed."She could feel Harry's anger beside her. Something pushed at the side of her mind. "As I expected!" said Aunt Marge, taking a huge swig of brandy. Something hot burned in Calla's chest. "A good for nothing, lazy scrounger, who-""He was not," Harry said quietly. It tore the pressure and feeling from Calla; she and everyone else turned to stare at him. He was shaking and Calla didn't blame him."More brandy!" yelled Uncle Vernon desperately, having gone very white indeed. "You, boy, and you, girl, off to bed with you.""No, Vernon," said aunt Marge, looking at Harry with a mean look in her eyes. "I want to hear what he has to say. Go on, boy," she goaded. "Go on. Proud of your parents, are you? They go and get themselves into a car crash - drunk, I expect-""They were not!" Calla said hotly, cheeks now burning. "And they didn't die in a car crash!"Harry had gotten to his feet. "They died in a car crash," aunt Marge said, focusing her bloodshot eyes on Calla, "you nasty little liar.""She's not a liar!""-and they left the two of you to be burdens on their lovely, hardworking relatives!" She was positively swollen in anger now, but Calla and Harry were both furious too; Calla had gotten to her feet too, though at what point she couldn't remember. "You insolent, ungrateful, lying little-"But she was cut off by herself, looking like she'd just swallowed something very large, choking on her words. She looked as though she was swelling up, unable to contain her anger any more, but her swelling... Didn't stop. She kept expanding, every part of her growing larger and larger. Her eyes bulged from their sockets in her red face, and her mouth stretched wide as she clutched at her throat. The buttons of her tweed jacket burst off and hit the walls as her stomach burst free of the waistband, and her fingers blew up into meaty sausages."Marge!" yelled Uncle Vernon. Dudley was looking between her and the twins with a white face. She began to rise off of the chair, like a great big human balloon, and she started to drift upwards towards the ceiling. Ripper ran into the room, barking madly. "Noooooo!" yelled Uncle Vernon, trying desperately to pull her back down.Ripper bit into his leg and Calla elbowed Harry roughly. She grabbed the bit of parchment and both slipped off their seats, trying to dash into the hall. harry blasted the cupboard door open dramatically and lunged for his trunk; Calla did the same, hauling it out onto the carpet. Harry heaved their trunks to the front door as Calla made a run upstairs, pulling up the loose floorboard and grabbing the pillowcases of their books, presents and cards, before dragging herself out, shoving a pillowcase in each of the owl cages and hauling the downstairs too, one in each hand."Come back in here!" Uncle Vernon was bellowing at Harry, raising a hammy fist as he charged. "Don't you dare!" Calla whirled herself around the bannister and swung a cage at full force in Vernon's direction, slamming into his shoulder and knocking him against the door.Harry had wrenched his trunk open and grabbed his wand, pointing it dangerously at Uncle Vernon with a wild, furious look in his eyes. "She deserved it," he said, panting. "She deserved what she got." He backed towards the door and Calla stood by him, holding the owl cages like shields for them. "You stay away from us.He fumbled for the catch on the door and pushed it open, pulling Calla behind him. "We're going," he said, and Calla nodded sharply in agreement. "We've had enough of this."And then Calla slipped outside with the two owl cages, her brother behind her with their trunks, and they stormed off into the night.Xx"We're criminals," Harry said plainly ten minutes later after the panic had set in. His voice was feverish. "We're going to have to disappear, Calla, we're not allowed to do underage magic, and where are we going to go? We can't go back to the Dursleys - there's no way I'm going back to the Dursleys - and we'll have to get some gold out, but if we go to Gringotts they'll find us and then what happens. They have a wizard prison, don't they, Azkaban? Where Hagrid went - you don't think they'll take us there, do you?" He had paled considerably, and Calla pinched his arm sharply to get him to stop talking."Or we could write to Uncle Moony, and explain the situation?""We don't have our owls!"That was a very valid point. Calla sank down against a low wall and tipped her head back. "We'll find some other way. We have to get to him somehow - I'm not going back there either. He has to be allowed to take us in, we've nowhere else to go now.""We should write a letter anyway," Harry said, panting. "For if we find an owl somewhere."Though she wasn't willing to bet on the likelihood of them just finding an owl somewhere, Calla nodded and pulled out a bit of parchment, and slammed down the lid of her trunk so that she could lean on it to write.Dear Uncle MoonyBit of an issue. Harry's just done accidental magic, blew (blown?) up Aunt Marge, and we've kind of ran out of the Dursleys. Sorry to be a bother but is there any way you could pick us up, or anywhere we should go?Calla and Harry"Sorry to be a bother?" Harry asked, looking over her shoulder."It's manners," Calla said shortly, folding up the letter and tucking it neatly into her pocket."So what now?" Harry asked fretfully, looking around him wildly. "We broke the law so badly - well, I did anyway, I think that was me." He winced. "Sorry.""What's there to be sorry for? I'm not the one floating on the Dursleys' ceiling.""You're being awfully calm about this," Harry said, pacing around the square of pavement."I'm still processing the Marge balloon," she said, though she was beginning to feel a bit faint. Still, there was some sense of relief. Maybe they wouldn't have to return; maybe this was finally the breaking point where they could leave the Dursleys for good."We could fly to London," harry said abruptly, staring right at Calla. "I have my broomstick, we could get some gold out and then make a run for it - we could pick up a broom for you as well."That was when panic hit Calla; she couldn't fly to London on a broomstick with her trunk and owl cage in the dead of night. She couldn't even fly. "We can't do that!" she said nervously."What other choice do we have? Well, I have! I broke the law!""I'm aiding and abetting!" They both looked at each other in terror and Calla tried to still herself. "Okay, okay, let's not panic. Think. What would Hermione do?""She'd come up with a plan and figure out what to do, except neither of us can do that.""She'd say to calm down," Calla said, taking a deep breath. "So let's try and calm down and think about this rationally." She sat down on the low wall, resting her feet on her trunk and after a moment, Harry sighed and did the same, appearing remarkably more calm.But just as Calla was about to mention if they should try and contact Ron's dad, too, seeing as he knew people at the Ministry, her brother's face fell and she turned around to face the road. On the other side, in the dark bushes, there was a great black dog, watching them with beady yellow eyes. It was massive, and for a dog had a very hard gleam in its eyes. Calla was immediately unnerved. "That's a big dog," she said weakly, and Harry nodded silently at her side."Why's it staring?""I'm not sure I want to know." But as she met it's eyes, she saw them soften a little. Unsure of herself, she took a step forward towards the dog. Harry grabbed her arm."Cal, what are you doing?""It's a stray," she said. Somehow she felt the dog looked a little lost, and something about it was certainly out of place - it's eyes, she realised, focused strangely on her and Harry."It could be dangerous!""He won't hurt us." She knew it as surely as she knew her name, which was entirely perplexing, but she could feel something coming from the dog, a certain feeling, and it wasn't threatening. It was more... Concerned?"Are you out of your mind?" Harry cried, as she made to cross over the road. "Calla, get away from it!""He's fine, Harry!" Calla insisted over her shoulder, meeting the dog's eyes warmly. She crouched down before it on the pavement and smiled. "How are you then, eh? Where's your owner?" There was no collar on the dog, nothing to identify him."Calla, come- woah!"There was a screech if there's from behind her and she leapt to her feet, heart giving a sharp lurch, as a loud purple bus burst into existence just before where her brother had been standing."Harry!" she yelled. She glanced back but the dog was gone, and she sprinted across to the other side of the road in a haste, sighing in relief when she saw her brother looking at the bus. The Knight Bus, according to the golden lettering on its side. "What the hell?"

Calla stared up at the purple Knight Bus in shock. And, if she was being completely honest, quite a bit of excitement; the bright, bold colour was so deeply out of place in one of the most boring corners of Little Whinging. And anything that didn't belong in Little Whinging was, to her, quite fun. A conductor leaped from within the bus, clad in a bright purple uniform. "Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. Just stick out your wand hand, step on board, and we can take you anywhere you want to go. My name is Stan Shunpike and I will be your conductor for this evening."Stan the conductor smiled broadly. "Well, all aboard's then." But Harry was trying to look around the side of the bus, likely to catch a glimpse of the dog. "Choo looking at?" asked Stan, dropping his professional manner and turning around as if to catch sight of what was drawing Harry's attentions."There was this big black thing," said Harry uncertainly."A dog," Calla said helpfully. "A massive dog."Stan looked around uneasily, mouth open, until his eyes caught on Harry's forehead. They flickered to Calla, and she felt a twinge of unease as they landed on her scar, then moved back over to Harry. "Wha's those on your heads?" he asked abruptly, and Calla hastily flicked her hair so it would cover her scar; her scar was easy to recognise her by, and she didn't want to be found so easily if, as Harry thought, the ministry was going to be looking for them."Nothing," they both said in unison, as Harry tried to flatten his hair over his scar."Woss your names?" Stan asked, insistently."Neville Longbottom," said Harry quickly, and Calla shot him a look."I'm Lucy," she said. "Lucy Longbottom." Stan still looked highly suspicious."Sorry," Harry said, "did you say this bus goes anywhere?""Yep," said Stan proudly. "That's right. We can go anywhere, except the underwater - only on land. 'Ere," he said, halting and looking suspicious once again, "you did flag us down, didn't you? Stuck out your wand arm?""Yes," both twins said quickly."Listen, how much to-" Harry faltered, glancing at Calla."London," she said quickly. She didn't actually know Uncle Moony's full address, but they could hide out at the Leaky Cauldron and get money out of Gringotts, and surely they'd find an owl somewhere in Diagon Alley - she was sure there was a post office - to write to her godfather. "Leaky Cauldron.""Eleven sickles each," Stan said. "But thirteen'll get you hot chocolate, and fifteen you get an 'ot water bottle and a toothbrush in a colour of your choice."Hot chocolate sounded like an excellent idea. Harry rummaged noisily in his trunk for his money bag, and thrusted a pile of silver into Stan's waiting hand. Then, the three of them worked heaving their trunks and cages up onto the deck of the Knight Bus.There weren't any seats like there were on muggle buses; instead the interior was lined with half a dozen or so beds pushed against the windows. There were candles at the sides of the beds, which illuminated the wooden wall panels. Somewhere further down the bus, an old wizard muttered something about pickling slugs and rolled over in his sleep."You 'av these two," said Stan, gesturing to two twin beds either side of the aisle. He shoved their trunks beside them, just behind the driver. He sat not in an ordinary bus seat, but a rather comfy looking armchair in front of a leathery steering wheel. "This is our driver, Ernie Prang. Ern, this is Neville and Lucy Longbottom."'Ern' turned around, an old wizard, whose crooked teeth widened into a weary smile. He nodded at the two twins, and Calla saw Harry nervously flatten his hair again in an attempt to disguise himself. She fiddles with the edge of the parchment in her pocket. "Take 'er away, Ern," said Stan, and there was another loud bang as Calla and Harry were thrown back onto his bed, and the scenery outside snapped away. They were practically flying along the street, though there was no way it was still anywhere in Surrey. Both Calla and Harry watched it in fascination."This is where we was before you flagged us down," said Stan happily. "Somewhere in Wales, are we, Ern?"Ern gave a nod."how come the muggles can't see us?" Calla asked, looking out wondrously. That could be a problem when they reached London."They don't see nuffink, do they?" Stan chuckled. "Never look at anything properly.""Best go wake up Madam Marsh, Stan," said Ernie. "We'll be in Abergavenny in a minute."Stan disappeared upstairs as Harry and Calla righted themselves on the bed. Calla was shivering slightly, and the jerking movements of the bus didn't serve to make her feel any less ill. The Knight Bus kept jumping up onto pavements, stumbling over the kerbs, and miraculously didn't hit any lampposts, though Calla was sure it was only a matter of time. Everything in the bus's path simply leapt out of the way and then slipped neatly back into position once they'd passed; but Calla was only dimly aware of the magic and too tired and nervous to think about it properly.When Stan came back down, it was with a rather sickly-looking witch, and Calla curled up against the wall. Ernie slammed on the brake and the bed went flying down the end of the bus, Calla and Harry with it. Her stomach lurched like she was about to be sick. Madam Marsh was pushed inelegantly down the bus stairs, with her handbag flung out behind her and the doors slammed. A second later, there was another great bang and they were racing down the streets again."Do you think they've managed to get Aunt Marge off the ceiling yet?" Harry whispered to her.She shook her head nervously. "I don't want to think about it." She looked up as they passed random streets, the world a blur of deep blues and greens. She kept expecting Cornelius Fudge to come onto the bus and demand to see them, to take Harry away, now that the shock was wearing off and the reality of the night sunk in. What would happen to them? They surely couldn't go back to the Dursleys' after this, so Dumbledore would have to let them stay with Uncle Moony - but how would that work, if Harry was expelled for using underage magic, and Uncle Moony was now working at Hogwarts? She knew almost all the professors had lodgings in the castle, and Uncle Moony would be the same."Do you think-" she began quietly, but at that moment Harry shushed her, leaning forward with a look of alarm in his eyes. Calla followed his gaze to where Stan sat, having unfurled a newspaper with a familiar, unsettling face on the front; a man with matted hair, sallowed skin and sunken eyes that seemed to flicker between Calla and Harry. She shivered."That man was on the muggle news!" Harry said, and Stan looked at him strangely over the top of the paper."Of course he was, Neville," he chuckled. "That's Sirius Black! Where you been, eh?" Sirius Black. Calla recognised the name, though she didn't know why. She looked at Harry, but his face was entirely blank. Stan gave a sort of superior chuckle. He handed his paper to Harry. "You ought to read the news more, Neville."Harry took the paper and angled it so Calla could read at his shoulder.BLACK STILL AT LARGE read the headline.Sirius Black, possibly the most infamous prisoner ever to be held in Azkaban fortress, is still eluding capture, the Ministry of Magic confirmed today. 'We are doing all we can to recapture Black' said the Minister for magic, Cornelius Fudge, this morning, 'and we beg the magical community to remain calm.'Fudge has been criticised by some members of the International Federation of Warlocks for informing the Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis.'Well, really, I had to, don't you know,' said an irritable Fudge. 'Black is mad. He's a danger to anyone who crosses him, magic or Muggle. I have the Prime Minister's assurance that he will not breathe a word of Black's true identity to anyone. And let's face it - who'd believe him if he did?'While Muggles have been told that Black is carrying a gun (a kind of magical wand which Muggles use to kill each other), the magical community lives in fear of a massacre like that of twelve years ago, when Black murdered thirteen people with a single curse.Calla looked at Black's eyes and immediately regretted it. They were the only part of his face that seemed alive, and there was a terrifying spark of madness in them. She glanced at Harry, who seemed just as shaken."Scary lookin fing, inee?" asked Stan, catching their eyes."He murdered thirteen people?" Harry asked in a horrified whisper. Calla shivered and huddled closer to her brother - she didn't like the look of the man at all, or his actions... And there was still something familiar about the name, something that she wished she could place but couldn't. "With only one curse?""Yep," said Stan. "There were witnesses an' all, did it in the broad daylight, didn' he, Ern? Big trouble that caused, dinnit?""Ar," said Ern, nodding his head in agreement.Stan spun around in his armchair, to look at the twins better, and Calla kneaded her fingers together nervously."Black woz a big supporter of You-Know-Who," said Stan."What, Voldemort?" Calla winced as Ern jerked the steering wheel, sending them flying towards a farmhouse where an assortment of chickens went wild. Stan's whole face had gone white."You outta your tree?" Stan yelped, looking like he was shaking. "Choo say 'is name for?""I - I forgot," Harry spluttered, looking at Calla nervously."Forgot?" Stan echoed, clutching his chest. "Blimey, my heart's going so fast..."But a thought had occurred to Calla suddenly, more like a memory. When she'd been in the library last year, just before they'd run into Nick, she'd been reading about her past in books Padma had suggested, and she'd come across the name Sirius Black, she knew he had. Was it to do with her parents' murder? She could remember, but her gut twisted all the same at the thought.She caught back onto the conversation as Stan mentioned her brother. "Y'know when little 'Arry Potter put paid to You-Know-'Oo, all his supporters was tracked down, wasn't they? Most of 'em knew it was all over, with You-Know-'Oo gone, and they came quiet. But Sirius Black... No, not 'im. I 'eard 'e thought 'e'd be second in command once You-Know-'Oo took over."Anyway, they got Black cornered in the middle of a street packed wi' muggles an' Sirius Black, 'e took out 'is wand 'n 'e blasted the 'ole street to smithereens, di'n 'e, Ern? An' a wizard got it, and so did a dozen muggles what got in the way. 'Orrible, eh? An' you know what Black did then?" Stan asked in a dramatic voice, leaning closer to them."No," Calla said shortly, feeling like she was about to be quite sick."What?" Harry asked, ignoring her."'E laughed," Stan said, and Calla shivered, stomach twisting. "Jus' stood there an' laughed. An' when reinforcements from the Ministry got there, 'e went wiv 'em quiet as anyfink, still laughin 'is 'ead off. Cause he's mad, innee, Ern? Inee mad as anyfink?""If he weren't when he went to Azkaban, he surely will be now," said Ern lowly. "I'd blow meself up before I set foot in that place. Mind... After what he did... Serves him right...""They 'ad a job covering it up, Ern, din' they, Ern?"Calla didn't want to hear anymore. She wished that she had a book with her, like maybe Anne of Green Gables, so that she could distract herself from what Stan was saying; if such a man was on the run, if he was so loyal to You-Know-Who, then surely he could be after her and Harry. They were in danger, and now they had run away and no one actually knew where they were and it occurred to her suddenly that Stan and Ern weren't necessarily capable of protecting them from any danger. She imagined Sirius Black's face pressed up against the windows of the Knight Bus, peering in at them with his awful grin, and even when she squeezed her eyes shut as hard as she could, she couldn't get the image out of her head."An' now 'e's out," Stan was continuing. Calla shivered. "Never been a breakout from Azkaban before, 'as there, Ern? Beats me 'ow he got away with it. Frightenin' stuff, eh? Mind, I don' fancy 'is chances against them Azkaban guards, eh, Ern?"Ern shivered. "Talk about something else will you, Stan, there's a good lad? Them Azkaban guards gives me the collywobbles."With a huff, Stan tucked the paper under his arm and pouted, clearly upset that he wouldn't get to dramatize Sirius Black's capture any further. "Cal," Harry whispered lowly so that no one else could hear, "you don't think... They wouldn't send me to Azkaban?"She stared at him. "No! No, Harry, don't be ridiculous, they're not going to send you to Azkaban for blowing up Aunt Marge! She deserved it, and besides, you would have gotten a letter of some sort by now."Harry groaned and slumped on the bed. "Uncle Vernon would hold it over me forever.""You won't be in trouble," Calla told him, though she was uncertain herself. She didn't know what she'd do if Harry did have to go, but she was sure he wouldn't; Azkaban seemed a terrifying place, and she knew already that loads of the former Death Eaters had been sent there. There was no way anyone would put a thirteen year old Harry in there, was thereShe shook the thought from her head and sighed, curling up and leaning her head on Harry's shoulder. She was tired now, even after all the excitement of the night, and wanted nothing more than to close her eyes and sleep; but the image of Sirius Black still haunted her while waking, and she was scared to close her eyes. "You're going to be okay," she said fiercely to Harry. But at that moment, as she shivered, her eyes caught the darkness outside the windows, and she could feel a familiar pressure at the side of her mind. "Not now," she whispered, and Harry looked at her confusedly."What did-"A scene erupted before her eyes and she could feel her grip on her brother loosening off. Before her stretched a horrifying scene: the Hogwarts Quidditch Pitch, covered in ice and frost and the wind buffeting the players. She wasn't in the stands, but somewhere off to the side watching Harry's form on the broomstick, as he rose higher and higher and got smaller and smaller. Her stomach plunged as dark, robed figures emerged from the mist, headed straight towards him. Everything around her went cold and grey and quiet, except the rush of blood in her ears and the pounding of her heart. "Stop!" she found herself screaming, but it was too late. She watched Harry's small frame go crashing to the ground and the scene changed to the Hogwarts Express, to him lying on the floor, pale and shivering and passed out, and she felt her stomach give a quite terrified plunge as fear trickled through her.She felt a hand clasp around her wrist and turned, only to find herself back on the Knight Bus, letting out both a sigh of relief and a shaky breath of terror. Harry was staring at her, and Stan was frowning. "What's wrong with choo, Lucy?" he asked, and she shook her head."Nothing," she said quietly, feeling cold. "Just a bit of travelsickness is all." As if daring her to prove it, the Knight Bus suddenly jumped to a different scene and she let out an according groan, clutching her stomach.Harry pulled a face as he looked at Stan. "Don't worry, I doubt she'll actually be sick."Stan didn't look quite convinced, but at that moment he had to go upstairs to fetch another passenger, and Harry huddled close to Calla. "Did you see something?" he asked in a low whisper.She nodded. "I - I'll tell you later," she said, with a nod at Ern, who was looking at them curiously in the mirror. "You should try and get some sleep before we get to London.""Are you sure it's not-""Sleep," she said firmly, shifting over to her own bed.But neither of them could, and she could feel Harry's tenseness just as she could feel her own. She lay on her bed for a while, contemplating and worrying, only broken from her thoughts when Stan came to give her hot chocolate, which she promptly spilled as the bus jumped from Anglesey to Aberdeen; thankfully, it wasn't very hot at all.At last, the last other passengers filtered off of the bus and it was just her and Harry left. "Right then, Neville, Lucy." Stan clapped his hands together and Calla roused grudgingly. "Where to in London?"They glanced at each other until Harry said for them both, "Diagon Alley.""Diagon Alley it is, then. 'Old tight."With a bang, the bus jumped and they were flying along Charing Cross Road at a top speed, Calla feeling like she might actually have travelsickness after all, if this was the method of travel. She looked out the window, watching buildings and lampposts leap out of their way and then rearrange themselves as if nothing had been moved at all. There was a weight on her bed as Harry climbed to sit beside her. "I was thinking we should lie low for a couple of hours," he said in a whisper. "It's getting lighter, then in the morning we can go to Gringotts soon as it opens and... Go.""To Uncle Moony's," Calla finished."Won't that be the first place they look, though?""He'll know what to do," Calla whispered in reply. "And if they do look for us, well, we can make a quick exit." She grimaced at the thought of what a 'quick exit' would be: either the Floo, or a broomstick, neither of which appealed to her at all.They didn't have time to debate further, as Ern slammed on the brakes and Harry went flying forwards, with Calla having to catch him so he didn't go straight off the bed and through the windshield. The Knight Bus screeched loudly to a stop outside the Leaky Cauldron, and Calla looked at it nervously. It didn't feel right, not quite, but then it didn't necessarily feel unsafe. She glanced at Harry, who seemed to have no such worries."Thanks," he said to Stan as they passed, leaping out of the door onto the pavement.They helped Stan unload their trunks and cages, and with a smile, Calla said brightly, "Bye, then!"But Stan didn't reply: his eyes were fixed just behind them, in the shadows by the wall. Calla tensed as a hand clamped onto her shoulder, and another onto Harry's."There the two of you are," said a familiar voice, just as Calla was about to run. "Harry, Calla, you've had us all mighty worried."Now Calla definitely felt like she was going to be sick - it was like her whole body had been doused in icy water. That was the voice of Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic. And the were in big trouble."Ern!" Stan called back into the bus excitedly. "Ern, come look at this!" He turned to the Minister, beaming. "What'd you call Neville and Lucy, Minister?"Fudge, when Calla looked at him, appeared exhausted, and he frowned at Stan's words. "Neville and Lucy, did you say?" He shook his head. "No, no, this is Harry and Calla Potter.""I knew it!" Stan yelled, looking a lot more excited than Calla thought anyone had a right to be at this moment in time. "Ern, Ern! Guess 'oo Neville an' Lucy are? Go on, guess! Harry and Calla Potter!" He leaned out the door further and his eyes lit up. "I can see their scars, Ern!"Feeling very self-conscious, Calla tried to pull her hair back over the 's' on her forehead, and drew her sleeves down. "Yes," Fudge said testily, and glanced at Calla. "Well, I'm glad that the Knight Bus picked these two up, Stan, but we need to step inside the Leaky Cauldron now."His hand on Calla's shoulder tightened and both she and her brother were being steered into the Leaky Cauldron. Tom, the barman, appeared behind the bar, bearing a goldish lantern. "Ah, you've found them, Minister! Good, good. Will you be wanting a beer, or a brandy?""No thank you, Tom," said Fudge. "Perhaps a pot of tea might do, though." He was still clutching the twins tightly. Calla glanced at Harry nervously, and he looked just as she felt.With a loud scraping and puffing, Stan and Ern emerged through the door behind them, hauling their trunks and cages. Stan was looking around excitedly. "'Ow come yous didn't tell us 'oo yous were?" Stan asked, beaming. Ern was looking curiously over his shoulder, like he wanted to catch another glimpse of them, and Calla found herself feeling quite uncomfortable. At Hogwarts, most people were used to them by now, but it occurred to her that the wizarding world at large was still very interested, and didn't have much a care for intruding on them."And a private parlour, please, Tom," Fudge instructed with a pointed look at Stan and Ern. Calla breathed only a small sigh of relief."Bye," Harry said to Stan and Ern, sounding completely miserable. Fudge marched the two of them along a narrow, dimly lit passage and emerged into a small, private room. With a click of his fingers, Tom made a fire appear, and then he left them to it, closing the door behind them. Calla felt like she was about to melt into the floor."Sit down, Harry, Calla," said Fudge, gesturing to two of three armchairs by the fire.They looked at each other gingerly before taking their seats, one twin either side of the other armchair which Fudge was quick to occupy. "I am Cornelius Fudge," he told them as he sat down. "The Minister for Magic."Calla and Harry both already knew this, but considering that they'd seen him while under the Invisibility Cloak in Hagrid's Hut, which they were certainly not meant to have done, neither of them thought it would be a particularly bright idea to tell Fudge this.The innkeeper, Tom, reappeared then with a tray laden with tea and crumpets. He placed it on the little table between the twins and the Minister and nodded as he left the parlour, closing the door behind him."Well then, Harry, Calla," Fudge said as he poured out a cup of tea for them both, "I must say, you've had us all in a right flap. Running away from your aunt and uncle's house like that! We'd started to think... Well, you're safe, aren't you, and that's all that matters." Harry and Calla exchanged nervous glances."Minister," Calla began nervously. "Um, my godfather, I wrote him a letter, but I didn't have an owl, and I don't know if you've told him yet but I know he'll be worried-"Fudge waved his hand. "Don't worry, Remus Lupin was informed that we had found you at once. I'm sure he will come to see the two of you in the morning." He buttered two crumpets and pushed the plates towards Calla and Harry. "Eat, the both of you. You look dead on your feet."Calla didn't feel very hungry, but she gingerly bit into the crumpet. "Now, then, I'm sure you will be pleased to hear that we have dealt with the unfortunate, er, blowing-up of Miss Marjorie Dursley. Two members of the Accidental Magical Reversal Squad were dispatched to Privet Drive a few hours ago. Miss Dursley has been punctured and her memory modified. She has no recollection of the incident. So that's that, and no harm done."Fudge smiled at the two of them over the edge of his teacup and Calla tried not to stare in surprise. Harry gaped, opening his mouth as if to try and speak, and then closed it again and stared at Calla, who stared back, just as surprised as he was."Ah, the two of you are worried about the reactions of your aunt and uncle? Well, I daresay they are both incredibly angry with the two of you, but they are prepared to take both of you back for the Summer next year so long as you remain at school over the Christmas and Easter holidays.""I don't want to go back," Harry said, looking at Calla, who nodded. "Calla's godfather, Remus, he can take us in, can't he! Minister, we don't like living with the Dursleys. We don't ever want to go back to Privet Drive.""Now, now, I'm sure you'll feel differently after you've calmed down a bit-""No we won't," said Calla quietly. Fudge looked at her. "We've never liked living with the Dursleys, and Remus is my godfather and he's looked after us at times before, so I don't see why he can't-""The Dursleys are your family," Fudge said awkwardly. "I'm sure you are very fond of each other, very, er, deep down.""We're not," Calla said bluntly."Well, I'm sure you'll, er, come around. I have spoken to Dumbledore and he quite agrees with me.""I don't," Calla said, looking at her brother for backup, though she saw the blank nervousness on his face and knew he was too worried about his punishment. She fumbled for her next words, "And Remus is a wizard, and he knows things about our world and about us that the Dursleys don't even want to know anything about.""Miss Potter," said Fudge awkwardly, "I understand your concerns. But I and Dumbledore both agree that Privet Drive is the safest place for both of you. Now," he said, turning his attention momentarily to buttering another crumpet, "all that remains is to decide where you're going to spend the last three weeks of your holidays. I'm sure your godfather will be able to look after you for, er, a short while, but until then I suggest the two of you take a room at the Leaky Cauldron-""But what about my punishment?" Harry suddenly blurted out. Calla looked at him furtively, wishing he hadn't spoken when Fudge seemed inclined to let them off.The minister blinked. "Punishment?""I broke the law!" Harry said. "The Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry!""Harry!" Calla hissed, wishing he hadn't spoken."Oh, my dear boy," Fudge said with an awkward, nervous sort of chuckle, "we're not going to punish you for a little thing like that! It was an accident; we don't send people to Azkaban just for blowing up their aunts!""But - but we're always told we're not allowed to do magic! Everyone gets a letter!" He looked at Calla. "One of Calla's friends got a warning last year, because she accidentally made a plate fly, and this is a lot more severe than that!""Ah, well," Fudge said, now looking very suddenly awkward. Calla narrowed her eyes; her brother had always gotten away with a lot, but surely he couldn't get off completely free after breaking the law. She didn't want him to, no, but it settled strangely in her stomach. It was... Uncomfortable. "Circumstances are... Different, sometimes.""Different how?" Harry demanded."Well, we must take into account the current, er, climate... Surely you don't want to be expelled, Harry?""No!" Harry said urgently. "No, no of course not!""Now then what's all the fuss about?" Fudge laughed airily. "Go, have another crumpet, each of you, go on while I see if Tom has rooms for you."Fudge strode out of the parlour and Calla and Harry both stared after him. He shut the door behind him with a click and they turned to each other in surprise. "You got off?" Calla asked."Yeah..." Harry said, frowning. "That's... Don't you think it's a little weird?""Izzy got a legal warning! And she got threatened with expulsion!" Calla said indignantly. "Not that... Well, I'm glad you're not in trouble, I don't know what I'd do if you were expelled, but-""It's strange," Harry said. "And I mean... It probably isn't normal for the actual Minister for Magic to get involved with cases of underage magic, is it?" Calla shook her head."No. No, I don't think it is. And how come he's the one who comes to meet us? He was waiting for us."It was all very odd; but before they could discuss the matter further, Fudge returned, accompanied by Tom."Only the one room's free, room thirteen, if the two of you can share," said Fudge. "I'm sure you'll be very comfortable. Just one thing, though, sure you'll understand: I don't want the two of you wandering off into Muggle London, you understand? Keep to Diagon Alley and be sure you're back here before dark. Your godfather, Calla, will I'm sure come to pick you up sometime soon." He said it flippantly like he didn't actually believe it, and that didn't settle well with Calla. "Tom here will be keeping an eye on you for me.""Okay," Harry said slowly, "but why-""Well, no one wants to lose the two of you again, do we?" Fudge said, laughing heartily. "No, no, best we know where you are." He coughed loudly, picking up his pinstriped coat. "Well, I'll be off, then. Plenty to do, you see, yes.""Have you had any luck with Black yet?"Fudge startled in the doorway; his fingers slipped over his silver cloak fastening and Calla could have sworn he paled to white. "What's that? Oh, of course, you've heard. Well, no, no luck yet, but it's only a matter of time, see, we'll have him caught soon enough. The Azkaban guards are - well, they've never yet failed us, and they're angrier than I've ever seen them." Calla thought the guards had rather failed when they let a mass murderer escape, but she wasn't inclined to say so to Fudge, worried as he looked - and she certainly didn't fancy saying so to an Azkaban guard. "So," Fudge said, shuddering a little, "I'll bid you goodbye."He held out his hand to them, but before Calla could shake, Harry got in the way. "Minister," he said quickly, "I was wondering, can I ask you something?""Er, certainly, my boy," Fudge replied, with a slightly confused smile."Well, see, third-years at Hogwarts are allowed to visit Hogsmeade on some weekends," Harry said, and Calla blinked in surprise. She thought that they'd settled this; but Harry was clearly very worried about not being able to go to the sweetshop on Saturday, more than he was worried about Sirius Black. "But the thing is, our aunt and uncle didn't sign the permission forms. I thought maybe Remus, Calla's godfather, might be able to sign for her but I don't know if he can for me. But I thought maybe, as Minister of Magic, you might be able to?"Fudge shifted, looking altogether very uncomfortable. Calla wasn't really keen on Hogsmeade now either, having heard about Sirius Black. "Ah," he said. "Well, I - I would love to, Harry, but as I am not your parent or guardian-""But you're the Minister for Magic!" Harry insisted. "Surely they could make an exception, if you were to just give me permission-""No, I'm sorry, Harry, but rules are rules. Though I'm not sure if Calla's godfather might be able to... But perhaps, if neither of you are in his custody, he is not your guardian, either.""But he's-" Calla started to protest, but stumbled at Fudge's troubled expression."Perhaps you'll be able to visit Hogsmeade next year," he said. "As it were, I think perhaps... It may be best if you don't... Well, I'll be off." Calla stared; so did Harry. "Enjoy your stays, Harry, Calla."He shook Calla's hand with a broad smile and ushered himself out; Tom came forward with a toothy grin. "If you'll both follow me now, Potters," he said, "I'll take you to your room, your things are already up there."They followed him up a rather elaborate mahogany staircase, and along a corridor to a dark wooden door with a metal number thirteen hanging on it, slightly squint. Tom unlocked it and opened the door for them. It was a pretty large room, about the size of Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon's room, with two comfortable looking twin beds pressed at the walls on either side of the room. The furniture, two desks and wardrobes, were highly polished mahogany, and a fire crackled cheerfully in the fireplace, right next to-"Hedwig!" Harry cried, cheerfully."Moony!" cried Calla, beaming as she hurried over to her owl, who gave her fingers an affectionate nip."Smart pair of owls you've got there," Tom said with a smile. "Arrived just five minutes after the two of you did. Well, anything either of you need, Potters, don't hesitate to ask."He bowed himself out the room and clicked the door shut behind him.Harry sat down on his bed, stroking Hedwig absent-mindedly. With Moony perched on her shoulder, Calla went about trying to unpack her things: her clothes into the wardrobe, her school textbooks out onto the desk, one of the novels she'd brought with her (Anne of Green Gables) perched on her bedside table. Outside, the sky was changing colour from the midnight blue to a steel grey, and then to the golden pink haze of dawn. She lay down on the bed on the left side, as Moony gave a hoot and landed beside her, curling in on herself with her feathers tucked. She could hardly believe the night they'd had; she glanced over at Harry, who seemed to be having the exact same thought."It's been a very strange night," said Harry, and Calla nodded."I think I need to sleep."And like that, they both took off their glasses, shut their eyes and drifted into slumber.

The twins' newfound freedom was strange, but very welcome. After the first day of confusion, Calla and Harry found themselves settling into life at the Leaky Cauldron and Diagon Alley. Uncle Moony had written a letter to them, asking that they explain fully to him what happened when they next saw him, and that he would be coming to pick them up to stay most of the rest of the Summer in two days' time. Once they'd written a hasty reply, Calla and Harry had set off into the alley, both to explore and to shop. When Calla had first come to Diagon Alley, she'd vowed that she'd get herself some nice clothes with the money she had in Gringotts. While the clothes in the Diagon Alley shops were far from the latest Muggle trends, she was determined to find somewhere she could get outfits that weren't either medieval or oversized hand-me-downs."I want to look at Worldly Wizardwear," she said to Harry, who looked utterly bored at the prospect. "Then if I can't find anything there, Madam malkin's, Twilfitt and Taffling's, and Chapman's.""All of this," Harry said, gazing around at the street, "and you want to look at clothes shops?""You don't have to," Calla said, elbowing him in the side. "But I want something better than just my school things and Dudley's old clothes, and those hideous dresses Aunt Petunia gets me, wouldn't you?""I guess," Harry said as they passed Gambol and Jape, the joke shop. His eyes were clearly drawn to it, and Calla sighed."Just go look at you want to," she told him, and suppressed a grin at the relieved smile on his face. "I'll meet you at one for lunch, yeah?" She checked her watch: it was a quarter to eleven."Alright," Harry said, beaming as he stepped closer to the doorway of the joke shop. "I'll see you at the Leaky Cauldron, okay?"She nodded as he disappeared inside, and she could turn her attentions to Worldly Wizardwear, which was on the other side of the street and along a bit nearer to the Gringotts bank. The street wasn't as crowded as it had been the last few times she'd visited, which she welcomed; Calla skipped along the alley merrily, and to the little blue storefront. The bell above the door chimed sweetly as she stepped inside.There was a middle-aged woman behind the counter, chatting merrily away to someone in a back room. She turned at the sound of Calla's entrance and smiled broadly. "Ah, hello there, sweetie," she chirped, bustling over to greet Calla. "Can I do anything for you today?" The woman - her nametag read Corrine - smiled and her eyes flickered over Calla's shoulder to where the doorway was, and her smiled faltered a little. "No one with you today?""Just me," Calla said as cheerfully as she could. "I'm, er, looking for some more casual robes? Other than just the regular Hogwarts ones that I have, they're my only other... Non-muggle clothes.""Of course, dear," said Corrine, and grasped Calla's shoulder gently as she turned. "Our girl's section's over that end of the store, and there are changing rooms just behind." She pointed along to Calla's left, where there were racks of brightly coloured robes. "Let me know if you need anything, alright, dear?"Calla nodded and headed off in the direction that Corrine had pointed her. Rows upon rows of clothes confronted her, and the idea that she could buy some of them, and buy whatever she wanted, was more of a shock than it really ought to have been, she thought. They were categorised by tops and skirts and shirts and robes and cloaks and trsouers and vests and honestly, it was rather overwhelming. She picked things off the racks by colour, and gathered a rather large bundle of options. Then she made her way over to the changing rooms.In honesty, most of it looked like a muddle. She grimaced at the hot pink robes that she'd thought would look nice but actually just looked ridiculous against her skin. That was a no. By the end she only had a few items picked out - a light yellow top, pale grey robes, light blue trousers, and a pair of black trousers, dark blue robes, a white blouse and a pretty violet shirt. She carefully placed everything else back on its rack and then headed over to the shop counter, clutching her bag of coins. Corrine peered at her curiously. "That'll be fourteen galleons, seventeen sickles." Calla counted the money out carefully, still not entirely used to it, and then handed it over to Corrine, who swiftly waved her wand and made the clothes fold themselves back up and dive into a bag. "There you are," she said, smiling as she put the galleons and sickles into a neat black money box. "Anything else for you today?""I'm alright," Calla said. "But do you know anywhere I could get some sensible shoes?"Corrine looked like she was trying not to laugh a little. "Chapman's has a large selection if you want to try there. So does Twilfitt and Taffling's, but between you and me, they're rather expensive for the quality. I'd recommend Chapman's.""Thank you," Calla said, smiling broadly as she took her bag. "I'll give them a try. Have a nice day, miss!"She felt giddy as she skipped out of the shop - so giddy, in fact, that she almost crashed into someone going past. "Oh, I'm so sorry- Padma!"Padma turned just as Calla yelled her name and squealed, rushing to hug her, almost bowling Calla over in the process. "Calla!" she cried in her ear, loud enough to deafen. "How are you?""I'm alright," Calla said, excitedly. "How are you? I didn't think I'd see you, is Parvati with you? How's your Summer been, we haven't spoken?""Oh, it's been lovely," Padma said. "But what about you? Have you seen the news? My mum said-" she dropped her voice and held Calla's arm. She knew what was coming. "She said Sirius Black's gotten out.""I know," said Calla. 2It was on the muggle news too, everyone's worried." She bit her lip. "is it true he supported You-Know-Who?"Padma glanced around nervously, and then nodded. "That's what everyone says, anyway. Mum didn't want us to come out today, but Parvati and I said he's hardly going to come to Diagon Alley in the middle of the day, is he, if he doesn't want getting caught?" She winced. "She's probably going to yell at me for disappearing off. Want to come with me to find her and Parvati? I think we're getting ice cream.""I said I'd meet Harry at one o'clock," Calla said awkwardly, checking the time - quarter to."Well, he can come to then!" Padma cried excitedly. "Come on, Calla, I haven't seen you in a month and it feels like ages! Mum'll want to see you, too, make sure you're okay."With a small grin, Calla said, "Alright. Let's find him - he's probably in the joke shop or looking at some sort of Quidditch thing.""Oh, yeah, apparently there's some fancy new broom that's just come out," Padma said, as they headed back down the other direction of the alley. "I spoke to Mandy the other day, she said she's excited to see what it's like. You know she's trying out for the Quidditch team this year? But apparently Davies has already decided who he wants on his team, and he's only wanting boys." They both rolled their eyes. "I don't think any boy could beat the three Gryffindor chasers though.""Don't tell any of the others I said so," Calla said in a mock conspiratorial tone, "but I think Gryffindor might win this year." She thought a moment, pursing her lips. "Also don't tell Harry, I've been denying it all Summer."Padma laughed loudly and linked her arm through Calla's. "Your secret's safe with me. Oh, there's Harry!"Calla looked in the direction Padma was looking and waved widely. "Harry!" she yelled down the alley, and her brother turned, smiling first at her and then beaming at Padma as he rushed towards them."Padma!" he said, grinning. "Didn't know you were coming here today!""I didn't know you guys were," Padma said, grinning. "I'm here with mum and Parvati - do you want to come for ice cream?"Harry blinked in surprise. "Yeah, sure, I guess.""Perfect!" said Padma, beaming. "Come on, mum'll go spare if I take much longer."They made their way briskly back up the alley to Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour, where Parvati Patil was standing impatiently next to her and Padma's mother. Though at first she looked very cross, she brightened into a smile when she saw Calla and Harry, and was more than happy to chat away to them as they got ice cream.It felt like no time at all before they were done and it was approaching two o'clock. "We had best start heading," said Mrs Patil. "My sister and her family are visiting later on, and we ought to get back in time to prepare."Padma sighed. "Do we have to, Mum?""Yes," said Mrs Patil firmly, "I'm afraid we do." Then she turned to Calla and Harry. "But it was lovely to see the two of you. You are... You do have somewhere to stay, yes?""Oh, Yes," Harry said quickly. "We're staying at the Leaky Cauldron for a bit before Uncle Remus - Calla's godfather - picks us up and we can stay at his for the next couple of weeks.""Right," said Mrs Patil, though she still looked a little wary. "Well, I'm glad you seem to have everything in hand." She handed a handful of coins to Parvati. "The two of you couldn't go on and pick up some Floo Powder before we head home, could you?""Mum-" Parvati protested."Now, don't start your complaining, Parvati. It won't take you two minutes.""Fine." Parvati rolled her eyes, and she and a giggling Padma set off across the street to get Floo Powder."Now, while I have the two of you a moment," said Mrs Patil, "I know you'll have heard the news about Sirius Black, and I know the girls will have doubtless told everything they can, but I feel I must say something. You've both been in a great deal of danger the past two years, and Padma I'm sure hasn't even told me the half of it. I don't pretend to know everything, but please, the two of you, Black is dangerous. No matter what you're told and what you think, you must take care of yourselves." She looked down. "Perhaps it isn't my place, but bear it in mind, few places are safe at the moment. I'd half a mind to keep the girls at home today." She looked at then sternly. "No doubt Remus will be able to say more, but the two of you stick together while you're here, yes?" They both nodded. "Good. Now," she said, brightening as she straightened up, "there's the girls coming. What's Parvati got - another hair clip, gracious." She smiled fondly. "Do the two of you have any plans for the rest of the day?""I was just going to do some of our homework," Calla said quietly, and Mrs Patil smiled."I wish Parvati had the same dedication." The twins returned into the parlour, Padma looking disgruntled."I swear she can't go anywhere without buying a hair clip," she muttered to Calla. "Look at it, who wants a jewelled frog in their hair?" Calla giggled, knocking Padma's side."Well, we'll be off. I trust you'll both be in touch," said Mrs Patil, looking at them sternly. Calla nodded assuringly. "Good. Enjoy the rest of the Summer, or until we see you next - I'll see if we can have the two of you over someday soon, alright? And ask Daphne, too, of course."She beamed, and Padma whispered, "She's decided she really likes Daphne now."Calla laughed. "It's sweet."Padma pulled a face. "It's weird. She keeps thinking she's cool.""Padma!" called Mrs Patil, as she and Parvati stopped on ahead. "Come on, now." She beamed just before they ducked around a corner. "Stay safe, you two."After the Patils departed, Harry turned to Calla. "We need to get the rest of our books," he said. "I've really just remembered, but I have to get my new books for Divination and the Standard Book of Spells."Calla nodded. "I'd been thinking we could do it later with Uncle Remus, but if you want to get them now, we can." Harry nodded, and the two of them set off in the direction of Flourish and Blotts.They headed into the shop and the little bell tinkled overhead. Calla felt immediately more at ease among the books, strange as that sounded. She said as much to Harry, who looked at her like it was indeed very strange. "You sound like Hermione," he said, frowning.Calla shrugged. "I like Hermione.""I do too," Harry said. "But it's still weird."A manager came hurrying towards them as they pulled out their booklists: while Calla already had her books for Divination and Care of Magical Creatures (the teacher had set the Monster Book Of Monsters), she needed books for Ancient Runes and for Transfiguration, as well as the Standard Book Of Spells, Grade Three."Hogwarts?" he asked abruptly. "Come to get your new books?""Yes," Harry said quickly, "we need-""Get out of the way," he said, brushing past them. Calla leaped back in surprise. He put on some thick brown gloves and reached into a cage where bound leathery copies of the Monster Book Of Monsters were snapping about at each other."Oh, no!" Calla said, stopping him. "We've already got those ones!"The manager stepped back and seemed to sag in relief. "Oh, Thank goodness. I've been bitten five times this morning already. Anything else I can help the two of you with?""Er, yes," Harry said. "I need Unfogging the Future by...""Cassandra Vablatsky. I don't need that, but I need Ancient Runes Made Easy by Lauren Zoo, the Rune Dictionary, Magical Hieroglyphs and Logorithms and Spellman's Syllabary.""Divination and Ancient Runes, eh?" asked the shopkeeper, taking his gloves off as he led the two of them to a back display, full of books on all manners of Divination.Calla stared in wonder. Titles such as 'The World of the Future', 'Predicting the Unpredictable: Insulate Yourself Against Shocks', and 'Broken Balls: When Fortunes Turn Foul', leapt out at her."Oh, you don't want that," said the shopkeeper to Harry as he pressed a book into his hands, gesturing to a book entitled 'Death Omens: What To Do When You Know The Worst Is Coming' featuring a great, hulking, and all-too familiar black dog on the cover. "Read that and you'll start seeing death omens everywhere."But Harry had gone exceptionally pale. He gave Calla a very significant look that plainly asked if she thought the dog that they'd seen was an omen. She shook her head. "Omens," she told Harry, turning him away from the book on display, "are incredibly unreliable.""But you don't think-""Harry, it wasn't a death omen," Calla said as firmly as she could. At least, she didn't think it was, and that was the best that she could do. "You're fine.""Are you sure, because that looks a lot like-""If you were going to die," Calla said under her breath, "don't you think you would have by now?"Harry stared at her, probably surprised. "That's not very cheerful.""Oh, come on," she said, flinging Unfogging the Future and The Dream Oracle into his basket. The shopkeeper has already gone on to find her Runes books, and she hurried after him. "I need my other books, too."XXIt was a few days later when Uncle Remus arrived at the Leaky Cauldron. Harry hauled his trunk down the stairs after Calla, half of his jumper sleeve hanging out from the space under the lid. Calla rolled her eyes. "You seriously need to start packing earlier," she told him, and he pulled a face."It's fine," Harry muttered. "It all fit in, I just had to... Cram it a little bit."She scoffed. "A little bit? If you folded things, it'd be so much easier-""Leave it, Cal," Harry said, rolling his eyes with a huff."I'm just trying to help," Calla said chirpily, as the Leaky Cauldron fireplace ignited in green flames and a figure stepped out.A smile split her face as Remus entered. "Uncle Remus!" she called to him, waving widely. "Over here!"He turned to them and his wan face broke into a seemingly relieved smile as he strode across the room. "Calla!" he cried, "Harry!"They both rushed to him, and Calla squeezed him into a tight hug. "How are you, we-""I should be asking you that," he said tersely, and Calla frowned as she stepped away, looking at him. Harry looked sheepish. "What were you thinking, running away from Privet Drive? Anything could have happened!""I'd blown up Aunt Marge!" Harry said. "We couldn't stay, Uncle Vernon-" He tensed, dropping the words he was about to say. They didn't go into specifics about the Dursleys, and Uncle Remus looked stressed enough as it was. "He was furious.""Even so," said Remus. "We'll have a talk about this when you get back to my house, not here." His eyes flickered around the room, as though he was looking for danger. Calla frowned, and glanced to Harry. She supposed he was right to be worried, now that she knew what she did about Sirius Black. She shivered. "Come on now, then," he said. "Is there anything else you need to get while we're here?" They both shook their heads. "Alrighty then. Let's get the two of you home."They dragged their cases behind them to the Floo, and stepped inside. Calla hated the feeling of it; it was hot and cramped and turned her stomach, and it was even worse than Apparating. She stumbled out of the fireplace in Uncle Remus' living room, and coughed the smoke out of her lungs as she leapt onto the carpet. Harry bumped into being a split second after, and grimaced as she dragged his trunk into the room. "I hate that," he groaned, as Uncle Remus stepped effortlessly out of the fireplace."You'll get used to it eventually," he assured him with a smile. "Still makes me feeling a bit nauseous, though, I do have to say."Calla grimaced. "it's awful."Remus laughed loudly. "Right, I'll get some food going for you while you unpack your things. Harry," he said, with a glance at his trunk, "please watch that sleeve that's hanging out the lid."Harry scowled and Calla laughed, with a smug smile at her brother.XXWhen they traipsed back down the stairs after unpacking (Harry took much longer, due to the fact his trunk was never organised in the first place), Remus was waiting for them with bowls of lentil soup. Calla broke into a grin, eyes lighting up as she and Harry went to sit at the table. "Well," Remus said, as the three of them started to eat, "bring me up to speed, I still don't have all the information?"The twins glanced at one another, and Calla nodded, deciding to let Harry take the lead. "Well, Aunt Marge visited," he said, already grumpy. "We tried to be on our best behaviour, we really did, but-""But she's Marge," Remus said, nodding with a knowing smile. "I understand. Go on, Harry.""She started going on about Mum and Dad, she-" Harry clenched his fists- "she called them useless, and wastrels, and she called Calla lazy, and she started talking about them - saying they died in a car crash, and they were drunks, and- and-""I see," said Uncle Remus gently. "So you left?""I..." Harry glanced at Calla nervously. "I sort of... Blew her up?"Uncle Remus looked like he didn't know whether to laugh or tell him off. "Yes?" he said in a slightly strangled voice."Like a balloon," Calla said, biting her lip. "It was accidental, obviously-""But Uncle Vernon was furious," Harry said. "And there was yelling, and - and we just had to get out. We weren't going to stay there any longer, so we left.""Harry...""I know it was impulsive," Harry said quickly. "But I couldn't stay there! We couldn't stay there!" Calla nodded hastily in assent."And we're safe now," she said, in an almost pleading way. "We went to Magnolia Crescent and then we hailed the Knight Bus and came to the Leaky Cauldron and Fudge met us and you know the rest of it."Remus looked like he was considering them very carefully. "We're not going back," Harry added boldly. "We can't, and we don't want to anyway."There was a moment of silence before Remus spoke. "There's a lot I haven't told the two of you about your parents' and I's time at Hogwarts. Much of that was because, well, I honestly thought it was too sad for you to be told. You didn't need to go into Hogwarts knowing what happened to us after we left."Calla and Harry exchanged confused glances. "Yes?" Calla asked uncertainly. "What... What did happen?""You know your father and I were best friends at Hogwarts, and that he and your mother became an item around the end of our sixth year." She and Harry both nodded firmly. "In those days, there were many more people at Hogwarts. Your year is... Small.""Because of the war?"He nodded grimly. "Because of the war. We still enforced five to a dormitory, and there were maybe thirty of us Gryffindors in my year?" There were barely more than thirty students in Calla's year, she realised - the nine Gyffindors, ten Ravenclaws, nine Slytherin, eight Hufflepuffs. "We had a dorm of five, us and another boy, Kingsley, but there was four of us that were closest. Kingsley was quieter, had a lot of friends in Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff, and he thought your father rather a show-off." He laughed at the appalled look on Harry's face. "He wasn't always wrong. But he was nice and we all got along well. The other two boys were Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew."Cala and Harry both took in deep breaths. "Mrs Patil told me about him!" Calla said. "He... I didn't know you were friends. I thought he..." Well, she'd thought he must have been a Slytherin, to go over to You-Know-Who."Gryffindor," said Remus sadly. "Sirius and your father were best mates from the first time they met. It was surprising, maybe - Sirius was from the most ancient pureblood house, and James was a new money blood traitor. Everyone thought Sirius would be in Slytherin, but he wasn't; he wound up with us in Gryffindor. I didn't like him much at first - Well, I didn't really like any of them but Kingsley. They were all, even if James liked to forget it, purebloods, and more than that, they were all posh gits." Calla giggled. "Peter was nice though, a bit shy and a bit nervous, but we got along well and before I knew it, I'd gotten myself dragged into the loudest group of boys in the school when all I'd wanted to do was to fly under the radar."Calla thought that was a bit like her. She didn't want to be known at Hogwarts or get into mischief, but her brother always dragged her into his adventures and at this point it was just a given that she'd be there."I didn't know your mother very well until about fourth year. We spoke, but that was mostly through James, who had liked her for about as long as any of us could remember. The five in her dormitory were near inseparable, but got up to far less mischief than any of us did." He swallowed deeply like there was a lump in his throat. "There was Dorcas, Dorcas Meadowes. Very quiet and very pretty, and she was excellent at Ancient Runes. Then there was Mary MacDonald, a muggleborn too, she was possibly one of the funniest people I've ever met. There was Alice Fortescue, your godmother, Calla, and one of the best Herbologists in our year. I think-" he broke off as if to collect his thoughts "-had it not been for the war, I think she might have been one of the greatest Herbologists of our age. She and your mother made an excellent team, a Herbologist and a Potioneer. They were quite the force to be reckoned with. And then there was Marlene McKinnon - your godmother, Harry. Oh, Marlene was brilliant, the only one of them who really joined in our pranks, she could come up with ideas to rival all of us out together. She was an exceptionally talented witch, they all were." He looked down and Calla worried over the words in her throat. She'd never met Alice, or Marlene, and Sirius was in Azkaban. Their fates, she worried, wouldn't be much nicer than her parents'."What happened to them?"Remus pursed his lips like he was wondering where to begin. "Well, Kingsley's an auror now," he began. "Quite a good one, too. Mary's married and lives a quiet life, she comes around for tea when she can. Marlene and Dorcas, I'm afraid to say, were killed in the last months of the war." Calla gasped involuntarily. Her stomach tumbled in on itself. Maybe she should have been prepared, but she wasn't."And - and Alice?" she asked.Remus sighed heavily. "You must promise not to share what I'm about to tell you," he said first, and she and Harry both nodded. "Alice married a man called Frank Longbottom. We were all in the order together, and they had a son just the day before you were born."Calla felt like she'd just been doused in cold water. "Neville?" But he lived with his grandmother."Yes," Remus nodded. "Neville. Just after the war ended, a couple of death eaters, Rodolphus and Bellatrix Lestrange, went after them. They tortured both Frank and Alice-" he closed his eyes with a sad, low sigh "-into insanity."Calla clasped a hand to her mouth. "That's horrible!" she whispered, thinking of Neville, the boy who always lost his toad and who always tried his best to be brave, and whose parents had met what may have been a worse fate than her own. "Poor Neville...""Now," Remus said sharply, "you must not say anything about this to Neville. I doubt he would want you to know if he didn't say.""We won't," Calla said quickly. "We promise."Remus nodded. "Very well. The four of us, though... Sirius was, until recently, in Azkaban for the murder of thirteen muggles. And please remember, both of you-" though he looked at Harry specifically -"I am telling you because you ought to hear it from me rather than from anyone else. When I tell you what happened, you must promise me that you won't do anything rash or stupid.""We won't," Harry said, surprisingly solemn.Remus nodded, then cleared his throat, swallowing deeply with a sort of wince. "I've already said Sirius was your godfather, Harry. He is, technically, named as the first legal guardian of both of you - in the event of his death it was meant to revert to me and then to Peter, but as he is alive, I do not technically have guardianship. Dumbledore chose your placement with Petunia and Vernon, and I regret everyday that I could not fight for it more, in those days immediately after the war." His eyes shone, and Calla's heart fell."It's okay," she said quietly. "You-""No, it's not," he said. "I... He walked out of his home, too. Ran away. He shouldn't have been in the situation he was, and neither should the two of you. I won't let Dumbledore force the two of you to return to Privet Drive, I promise." There was something heavy on the edge of his voice."But to continue. When we realised Voldemort was after you, Lily and James had to go into hiding. Dumbledore suggested the Fidelius Charm, so only one person would be able to tell someone their location; the Secret Keeper.""And That was... Him?" Harry asked, disgust and fury on his face as pieces clicked into place for both of them.Remus nodded, head heavy. "Yes. And I - I wish that it had been me, that I had been brave enough to take the mantle. But I had a different mission, infiltrating the werewolves, and I... I couldn't be there. He told Voldemort, you see.""And then he found us," Harry said. Calla felt like the air had been taken from her chest, and a rope was strangling her neck. "He betrayed them!""Yes," said Remus, head hanging. "I should have... I should have seen it. We went together to the house, to find you and take you with us, and Hagrid came in and interrupted and Merlin, I was too grief-stricken to see Sirius truly, to realise how it had happened, and to think if Hagrid hadn't shown up when he did..." He choked on his words."Uncle Remus?" Calla said gently. "Uncle Remus, it's alright. We're safe.""No thanks to me," he said quietly. "To think what might have happened... Sirius was furious, and I didn't realise it was of grief for his master, not for your parents. He went mad. I disappeared but he - he found Peter. He killed him and blew the street apart, killed another twelve people." A shudder went through Calla, even worse than it had been before. "All they could find of Peter was his finger."Calla didn't really want her soup anymore. Both she and Harry was too stunned and lost for words. Remus bowed his head. "I'm sorry. I had to tell you.""Yeah," said Harry in a hollow voice. Calla nodded too, feeling numb."But you see now why you're both in so much danger," Remus said quietly. "To run away from your aunt and uncle, you placed yourselves in massive danger, and exposed yourselves. Anything could have happened." She supposed asking for him to sign her Hogsmeade form was slightly out of the picture now; but suddenly she didn't want to go outside anywhere Sirius Black could find her. "I hate to have to tell you this, but Sirius... He is dangerous, to the two of you most of all. You two need to stay safe, understand?"They both nodded sombrely. Calla's stomach was churning at the thought of Sirius Black, out there, somewhere, lying in wait for her and her brother. It chilled her, and there was a familiarly unpleasant feeling in her stomach, like something bad just waiting to happen. She looked between Remus and Harry nervously, and tried not to think about it; a task that proved impossible.XxThe rest of the Summer passed in an uneasy sort of happiness. As they hadn't had any exams last year, they had no results to worry about, and they were more or less both sorted for their school things. It should have been the perfect Summer, except for Sirius Black. Neither of them could get him out of their heads, and Harry seemed caught between fury and terror. Calla was herself, completely terrified at the thought, and the memory of his face on the news kept haunting her dreams. Those wild eyes, eyes that had looked at a street of muggles and destroyed it, the eyes that had once met with Voldemort's and handed him the secret of their whereabouts. Eyes that had lied to their parents, and Remus, and Peter Pettigrew, and had cost three of them their lives.She couldn't pretend like it didn't scare her, and while she knew she was safe with Remus, she was nervous Sirius Black might find them, to kill them. Letters from her friends took her mind off it a little bit, but not enough. She and Harry both struggled sleeping some nights.When it reach the 30th of August, the day before both Ron and Hermione were to return from their holidays, they began to pack their things for Hogwarts, and for their stay at the Leaky Cauldron. The 31st and the 1st were both full moons, and tomorrow would be the harshest night on Remus. As such, the two twins were going back to stay in Diagon Alley before they met him again in the morning to get on the train."Right," Remus said, as they went over to the Floo after dinner. He was already looking wan. "I don't think I have to tell you, but I will anyway. Keep to Diagon Alley - no ventures into dodgy side alleys - and when the Weasleys arrive, go and greet them and do as Molly and Arthur tell you to. I'll see you at half past ten between platforms nine and ten. If you're running late, send an owl and tell me, alright?"They both nodded. "Alright." Remus handed them handfuls of Floo powder each. "Now on you go. And be safe."A/N: Sorry for the delay in updating, uni is kicking my ass but I'm almost finished this semester and have a long Christmas break so hopefully more chapters should come soon! I've got most of the first back at Hogwarts chapter done, but the chapter between this one and that one is not started, so yeah. Hopefully I'll have another chapter up by the end of the year! :)

The morning of the 31st, Calla found herself dragged along by Harry to Quality Quidditch Supplies, on the basis that he wanted to see a new broom that had come out. Calla wasn't really sure what was so special, but apparently it could go very fast and was incredibly sensitive to turning, which she supposed had to be a good thing. But it was still a broom, and despite Harry's drooling over it, she didn't find herself particularly enamoured. "It's a broom," she said, at least three times. Harry, each time, gave her a look that plainly said, "Brooms are fantastic and the love of my life and I will drool over it if I want to."By the time she caught sight of Hermione sprinting up the alley towards them, she'd thought she was about to go spare. "Harry!" she yelled, Ron just behind. "Calla!"Hermione grasped ahold of them both and Calla found herself dragged into a very tight hug. Ron was beaming over Hermione's shoulder, looking incredibly freckled after Egypt. Calla grinned back at him. "We were wondering when we'd see you," Hermione said as she pulled back from them. "But here you are!"Ron had turned, like Harry, to the storefront. "Cracking broom," he said breathlessly, eyes wide. "Reckon it'd cost you a limb, though.""Oh, I think it'd cost two at least," Calla said, then looked at Hermione. "Harry was drooling earlier." She stifled a giggle."I think he still is now. But we have some important things to talk about.""So do we," said Calla in a low voice."More important than the Firebolt?""Yes, Ron," said Hermione sternly, looking between Harry and Calla. "We heard you blew up your aunt, Harry.""I didn't mean to!" Harry said indignantly, and Ron tipped his head back and roared with laughter. Calla stifled a smile at the look of disapproval on Hermione's face. "It just happened!"Hermione turned to Calla, and she shrugged. "I can't say she didn't deserve it. She's a boot."This made Ron laugh even harder. "It's not funny!" Hermione hissed sharply. "Harry's jolly lucky he didn't get expelled, and Calla, too.""Can we not have this conversation in the middle of the street?" Calla asked - they were rather blocking the entrance to Quality Quidditch Supplies.Hermione sighed, but led them to Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour further down the alley. They sat clustered around one of the small rickety pink and green tables outside. "I'm surprised I didn't get expelled, to be honest," Harry was saying in a low voice. "I wouldn't have been surprised if I'd gotten arrested.""They were never going to arrest you," Calla said; she was much more confident about that now it had been ruled out."Don't suppose your dad knows why Fudge let me off, do you?" Harry asked Ron, who just shrugged."Imagine it's just cause you're you," Ron said. "Famous Harry Potter, you know, all that. I'd hate to think what the Ministry's do to me if I blew up an Aunt - mind, they'd have a hard job tracking me down after Mum was done with me." He shrugged. "If it bothers you so much, you can ask Dad this evening. We're staying at the Leaky as well tonight., Hermione too.""Mum and Dad dropped me off with all my school things this morning," said Hermione, beaming. "So I can get the Hogwarts Express with you all tomorrow morning!""Excellent!" said Harry, but before they could move on, Calla interrupted."Have you two heard about Sirius Black?" she asked lowly. Harry's mood changed immediately, as did that of Hermione and Ron. Clearly they had, though they didn't know the full story."I don't know very much," Hermione admitted. "I don't suppose you've heard more.""Dad reckons he was a Death Eater," said Ron, lowering his voice considerably.Hermione's widened. "Oh, Harry, Calla, you don't-""Think he's after us?" Harry asked. The twins exchanged furtive glances."We know he is."And they told them both what Remus had told them, and by the end Hermione had gone pale in horror, and Ron's eyes were wide. "Oh, Harry," Hermione said, brow furrowed in worry. "You're notgoing to..." She lowered her voice. "You're not going to do anything, are you?"Harry stared at her. "You mean go after him?" The twins had had this hushed conversation many times when Remus couldn't hear them. "He let Voldemort kill our parents, Hermione."Hermione and Ron's eyes both went wide; Ron whispered at the sound of Voldemort's name. "Mate, you can't really-""Harry won't go after him," Calla said firmly, giving her brother a pointed look. "But if he does, you know...""Come for us," Harry said, sensing Calla's nerves at the idea, "I'm not going to let him off, am I?""What does your godfather say about it?" Hermione asked desperately."He told us to be safe," Harry said. "And to not go looking for any trouble, which we promised we wouldn't. And we won't.""But that doesn't mean trouble won't find us." Calla felt nerves choke her words. The idea of Sirius Black coming for the two of them to finish the job his master couldn't, was somehow more terrifying than anything she'd encountered so far. He was out there, just waiting and looking for an opportunity. She shivered. "I don't want to talk about this," she said briskly. "He'll be caught, I'm sure." Her stomach didn't seem to agree with that sentiment of certainty. Hermione looked at her worriedly. "You two got your books yet?" Calla asked, trying to change the subject."Oh, we were about to do that before we found the two of you," Hermione said. "Have you?""Got them ages ago," Calla said. "But I don't mind joining the two of you anyway. Harry?"He blinked. "Not at all. We can come back for ice cream later on?""Brilliant!" Ron said, grinning as he got to his feet. "Come on then."The two boys went on ahead, and dipped easily into conversation. Behind them, Calla walked by Hermione's side, and it was clear the other girl had something on her mind. "What's wrong?" she asked quietly, so the boys couldn't hear it."It's nothing," Hermione said, frowning. "Just... Calla, promise me you won't let Harry get himself into danger. If he's going to listen to anyone, it'll be you.""Like I'd let him run off and try to attack Black on his own," she said, scoffing."On his own," Hermione said, frown deepening. "So you'd go with him?""Well," Calla started, trying to justify herself and fumbling in the process, "of it came to it, yes. But as a last resort. I don't want to go after him, and Remus doesn't want us to." And she was scared, but she didn't quite want to admit that. Hermione seemed to understand anyway."It's just, it's dangerous.""So's everything else we've done," Calla pointed out. But somehow it seemed more dangerous, or stupid, or simply more terrifying. Stopping Quirrel from getting the stone had been to stop Voldemort from coming back and getting to the Chamber was to save Ginny and everyone else's lives... But going after Black was just revenge against a madman, and somehow that made it all the more real. He was more real, Calla realised. He'd been friends with her parents and her godfather. He'd seen to the deaths of all but Remus.The last two years, Quirrel and Riddle hadn't only wanted to murder Harry and Calla and nothing else. But Black likely did. The word murder, too, was all the more terrifying. She tried to put the thought out of her mind as they entered Flourish and Blotts."You'll want to be careful with the Monster Book Of Monsters," Calla said to Hermione, indicating the cage."Oh, dear, that doesn't look very safe.The shopkeeper hurried over. "Don't tell me you need these ones?" Hermione nodded in a very apologetic way. Ron winced."Sorry, mate. We need two."The shopkeeper sighed. "Very well. We have to wrestle these ones," he said, tentatively taking a key from his pocket, "so they don't fly off and bite the other books. Or each other." He shook his head and put on thick gloves. "You may want to stand back. Or hide."They did as he said; Calla and Ron crouched by the nearest bookshelf, while Harry and Hermione seemed to take a braver stance and simply stood farther back. The poor shopkeeper was immediately attacked, wrangling the books in the cage and stamping firmly on the two he needed out as he locked the cage again. Hermione said worriedly, "Won't he damage the book?" and Ron made a derisive laugh by Calla's side."She's mad," he whispered to Calla as they got up, and she giggled."Thank you, sir," Hermione said. The shopkeeper nodded weakly. "The two of us-" she gestured to herself and Ron- "also need The Standard Book Of Spells, Grade Three by Miranda Goshawk, Unfogging the Future by Cassandra Vablatsky, Essential Defense Against the Dark Arts by Arsenius Jigger, and Intermediate Transfiguration by Emeric Switch. And I need Numerology and Grammatica by Brunhild Loren, Homelife and Habitats by Wilhelmina Wigworthy, Arius Amhald's Rune Dictionary, Magical Hieroglyphs and Logorithms by Corius Regus, and Spellman's Syllabary." She turned to Calla. "Don't you think the Ancient Runes List is awfully long? I was awfully surprised by how much Professor Babbling assigned us, but I suppose it is a very broad subject."Calla nodded her agreement. "Suppose so." Then she frowned. "How many subjects are you even doing, Hermione?""Oh, all of them," Hermione said, waving a hand."But how-""I'll manage," she said airily. "Don't worry about it."She wasn't so much as dreadfully confused; but she supposed of Hermione said she could manage, then she could. They went with the shopkeeper - who now had the two books tightly sealed and bound - to find the Transfiguration and Defense books and the Standard Book of Spells, then onto Divination. Harry was again looking at the book on Death Omens, and Calla whispered, "You're just looking to spook yourself at this point."He'd jumped at that. "I'm just thinking," he said quietly, while Ron and Hermione spoke to the shopkeeper about Divination books. "About Sirius Black.""Don't," Calla said, firmly as she could even as the name sent a shiver down her spine. "We're safe here." She looked to Ron and Hermione, who had started bickering in the shopkeeper's moment of absence. "Come on."They went on to gather the rest of Hermione's books, and when she had a suitable stack in her bag, paid and left the store. "You should probably put those in your room," Calla said to Hermione. "It looks like it's about to break at any minute.""I'm sure it's up to the task," Hermione said briskly."Still don't get what you're doing Muggle Studies for," Ron said, shaking his head. "What's there for you to study?""It'll be interesting to see it from a different perspective," Hermione said. "I'm curious.""Suit yourself," Ron muttered, as they turned across to Ollivander's wand shop. "C'mon, Mum's given me money for a new one since the old one got destroyed last year.""Moment of silence, please," Calla said and Ron laughed, sticking out his tongue. She glanced back at Harry, who hadn't smiled at all, and frowned. He was still thinking about Sirius Black and his impending doom, it seemed."Stop thinking about it," she told him again. "Please, or you're going to start freaking me out, too."She was already worried, of course she was, but Harry seemed utterly convinced that he was going to be murdered and while she was terrified at the prospect, she didn't think that omens were particularly helpful. For a starter, that wasn't how Divination always worked. Usually it was based on the choices or nature of a person or the person concerned, not their 'fate' and it didn't typically work with omens. Death omens were especially tricky to really understand or make use of. That was what she kept telling herself over and over, just to be sure. Harry wasn't going to die, and neither was she."Ah, Mr Weasley," said Ollivander, stepping out from behind a stack of wands. "Yes, I did wonder when I might be seeing you." Ron gulped nervously. "Well, I suppose we had best try some wands out for you. Your mother was rowan and dragon heartstring, if I remember, nine inches. Your father, beech and unicorn hair, eleven inches. I suppose you've been using an old wand for some time now, yes?""My brother Charlie's old wand," Ron said, ears going a little pink."Ah, yes," said Ollivander. "Ash and unicorn hair. Did it work well for you? Ash wands are rarely easily swayed from their masters.""Um," said Ron, "I guess?"Ollivander looked at him a moment. "Perhaps we'll try and stick to unicorn hair cores, eh?" He turned and rummaged for a moment, before bringing out a handful of long wand boxes. He took out the first wand, which was long and had a curved handle. "Yew and unicorn hair, twelve inches," he said, handing the wand over. Ron glanced at the others, before giving the wand a nervous wave. Nothing happened and Ollivander snatched it away, thrusting another, shorter wand into Ron's hand. "How about this, then. Redwood and unicorn hair, ten and a quarter inches."Again, Ron waved the wand, and there was no result. He frowned, but Ollivander seemed perfectly happy. "Another, then. Yes, I think this might just do the trick. Willow and unicorn hair, fourteen inches." Ron took the wand gingerly, and waved it. Immediately, the lamps on the walls flickered into life, casting a warm glow over the room. Ron beamed and Ollivander clapped his hand merrily. "There we are, then!" he said. "We always find something. Come now, Mr Weasley. That'll be seven galleons."Ron was beaming as he got his wand. "Quite nice, isn't it," he said, holding it tightly as they left the store. He gave it a little flick and sparks danced merrily out of the end."Ron," Hermione chastised. "We're not meant to do magic."Ron huffed. "It's not a proper spell," he said, but tucked the wand safely away anyway. "Right, I need to go to the Magical Menagerie to get Scabbers seen to." He pulled his rat, who was looking very grey, and had definitely lost a few whiskers, from his pocket. "He's been ill since we were in Egypt, I think the sun must have gotten to him.""Poor thing," said Calla, frowning. "He really doesn't look well at all."They made their ways to the Magical Menagerie. "I'd quite like an owl myself," Hermione was telling them. "Mum and Dad gave me some money ahead of my birthday in September, and well, the two of you have Hedwig and Moony, and Ron's got Errol and Scabbers-""Errol isn't really mine, though," Ron said gloomily. "All I've got's Scabbers.""Still, having a pet of my own would be nice. Cats are nice too, but owls are more practical.""I'd like a cat," Calla said absently. "Moony's lovely, but not very cuddly.""He is an owl," Harry pointed out perceptively."We could get kittens!" Hermione said to Calla. "If they have a new litter!""Oh, that'd be so cute!" Calla agreed, with a squeal. Ron stared at her."They're just cats," Ron grumbled."Kittens," Calla corrected. "They're cute and fluffy and it'd be so cute for Hermione and I to have sister kittens, can you imagine!""Girls," Harry muttered. Calla rolled her eyes as they entered the shop.The Magical Menagerie didn't have any litters, but there was one kitten that seemed to draw itself to Calla immediately. It was a tiny, grey and white little kitten, with lovely wide brown eyes."Oh, you're a sweet little kitty," Calla cooed, as the little kitten clambered into her lap. "Oh, she's so sweet!""How do you know it's a She?" Ron asked, wrinkling his nose."I just do," Calla said in a sweet voice, not actually knowing, but she had a feeling, which the shopkeeper affirmed. "She's gorgeous, too. Aren't you, darling?"Harry looked at her and sighed. "So I guess you are getting the cat, then?""Oh, how could I not?" Calla said, looking again to the little kitten, who mewed and kneaded the hem of Calla's robes. "Would you like that?" She could have sworn the kitten nodded. With an excited smile, Calla picked her up in her arms and headed to the counter where the clerk was examining Scabbers. To her relief, her kitten didn't seem averse to any of the rats nearby, but did seem quite curious about Scabbers. Maybe it was the greyness."Oh, are you getting that kitten?" Hermione asked, cooing. Calla nodded, beaming. "It's so lovely.""She's gorgeous, isn't she?" Calla gave her a delicate stroke."She is very small," Hermione said. "Are you sure Moony will be alright with her?""I'm sure," she said with a shrug. "Moony wouldn't hurt her, and he's always been okay with rats-" she gestured to Scabbers "-so I doubt a kitten will be different. But I can ask the keeper what she thinks.""Suppose," said Hermione. "Do you-"At that moment there was a great screech, and Ron yelled as a ginger blur shot towards Scabbers. "Crookshanks, no!" shouted the shopkeeper, as Scabbers shot from between the shopkeeper's hands, ran under Ron's legs and darted out of the shop."I'm so sorry," said the shopkeeper, but Ron was already sprinting after Scabbers, Harry right after him. Calla held her little kitten tightly, but Crookshanks didn't seem interested in her at all, chasing after Crookshanks.Calla and Hermione looked at each other. "Well," Calla said. "I think I definitely prefer this little guy." Her kitten gave a cute squeal in response."I'll wait with you on the shopkeeper coming back," said Hermione, and Calla gave her a grateful smile as she stared after Ron and Harry, who were disappearing into the Diagon Alley crowds. "Have you started any of the reading material for Ancient Runes, by the way? I started some background reading last term, but there's still a lot I don't understand about it."Calla laughed. "I've looked at some of my books," she told Hermione, "but I'm just looking forward to learning. We don't have to understand everything yet, or anything." She gave Hermione an assuring smile. "Don't worry about it."Hermione nodded. "Yeah. I suppose."Just then, the shopkeeper came back in, dragging a hissing Crookshanks. "I am so, so sorry about that," he said. "Give your friend his tonic, will you?" Then he smiled. "Ah, and I see you've made another friend, have you?""Oh, Yes," Calla said, and hurried to the counter to set down the sweet little kitten. "She's lovely. Does she have a name?""We've been calling her Lucy for now, but it doesn't seem to have stuck too well." The kitten seemed to shake her head, and Calla giggled. "Perhaps she'll take to something you name her better.""How about Cassandra?" Calla suggested, after a famous Greek Seer, But the kitten didn't seem to like that, hissing at the suggestion. "Or not. How do you feel about Matilda?"That seemed to get a better response. The little kitten perked up, and Calla thought it would have smiled if kittens could smile. "Matilda it is, then," said the shopkeeper."What do you think, 'Mione?" Calla asked, turning around. She knew Hermione liked Ronald Dahl too - 'Matilda' had been a childhood favourite of them both. But Hermione was focused on Crookshanks, who was a bushy ginger bundle in her arms. She raised her eyebrows. "Don't tell me you like Crookshanks?""He's a sweet thing," Hermione said. "So fluffy"Calla didn't imagine that going down well with Ron. She turned back to the shopkeeper with a small laugh. "She's six galleons, Seven sickles. We've got cages here, if you'd like one, and cat food-" he put two bags on the counter "-are four sickles each.""How long do they last?" Calla asked. "The bags of food?""Should do her two months of meals each."Calla pursed her lips. "I'll be needing two, then. But I don't think a cage is necessary." Matilda pressed her head against Calla's arm as if in thank you.""Yeah, we don't get a lot of cats needing 'em from here," said the shopkeeper. "They're companions, more than anything else.""I quite agree," Calla said, as she fished in her money bag for the six galleons and fifteen sickles. "Is there anything else you'd recommend?""Hogwarts cats always tend to be taken care of by the school well enough," he said. "I remember when I was there, toys kept popping up everywhere. She'll have plenty of friends, too, that's for sure. If you need anything, you can write the store or visit our Hogsmeade branch, if you're old enough.""Thank you," Calla said, handing over her money. She held her arms out and Matilda crawled towards her, purring gently. "'Mione?"Hermione didn't seem like she wanted to move at all, quite content to sit with Crookshanks. Calla smiled. "I must say," the shopkeeper told them, "I haven't seen him so enamoured with a customer before. He's been left here for years""Poor thing," Hermione said, standing up. "I'll take him." She cooed at Crookshanks. "You're sweeter than they think, aren't you?""He's lovely," Calla said, as Hermione discussed prices with the shopkeeper, and a few minutes later joined her at the doorway. Crookshanks tried to sniff Matilda, who mewed back and held her head up. Calla giggled.Hermione held Crookshanks tightly to keep him from running off, while Calla held Matilda gently, the kitten's head turned to the crook of her elbow. When they finally caught up to the boys, Ron was clutching Scabbers, and both he and Harry's mouths dropped open. "You bought that monster?" Ron said to Hermione in shock."He's gorgeous, isn't he?" Hermione said, patting Crookshanks gently. Calla tried to hide her giggle."I've called her Matilda," Calla told Harry, holding her kitten out to sniff her brother. She gave what looked like a nod, and Calla took that as confirmation of Harry's worthiness."She's much nicer," Harry whispered. "I don't suppose you did get twin kittens, then?""The shopkeeper says Crookshanks has been there for ages," Calla said, gently patting Matilda's head. "But Hermione seems to love him.""Why?""He's sweet." Harry stared. "Okay, no, he is a bit of an ugly cat. Matilda is much prettier. But 'Mione likes him.""That thing nearly killed me and Scabbers!" Ron was protesting to Hermione, who would have none of them."Don't be silly, Ron. You didn't mean to, did you, Crookshanks.""Oh," said Calla, remembering suddenly. "We got Scabbers' rat tonic for you, Ron." She took it out of her pocket and Ron smiled in relief."Thanks," he said as he took it. "See, Hermione, Scabbers is ill, or don't you remember? He needs rest and relaxation, not some mad cat running about after him!""Honestly, Ron, Crookshanks will be in my dormitory and Scabbers in yours! He'll be absolutely fine!"Calla left them to their arguing, holding Matilda carefully as they went back towards the Leaky Cauldron. But just before they got there, she was stopped by a yell of, "Calla! Calla Potter!" and was nearly knocked over by Daphne rushing into her side.She shrieked, and so did Matilda, and Daphne pulled away, startled at first and then beaming. "You got a kitten! Oh, Merlin, she's so cute!" She leant down so she could see Matilda. "Can I touch her?"Calla nodded. "Go for it. She's a sweetie.""Aw," Daphne cooed, stroking the top of Matilda's head. "What's her name.""Matilda," Calla supplies."Mattie," Daphne said, and Calla rolled her eyes."Sure, why not?""Who- Oh, Daphne." Hermione blinked awkwardly at Daphne, as did Ron. Neither had spoken to Daphne much at the end of last year and evidently, over the Summer, too. But Harry smiled."How are you?" he asked. "We've not heard much.""Oh, you know, I'm alright. Astoria's annoying me, but that's Astoria for you. We're just getting our School things now; don't suppose you're doing Arithmancy, are you, Hermione?"Hermione blinked. "Er, yes, I am, actually. I'm not sure if Gryffindor shares that class with Ravenclaw or not, though.""Oh, I don't know," Daphne said, shrugging lightly. "But it'll be nice for someone else to know what I'm talking about, since Calla-" She nudged Calla gently "-and Padma are leaving me to suffer it alone.""Don't pretend like you aren't excited for the subject," Calla told her."Well, okay, I am excited. But having someone else doing it will make it all the more exciting!"Just then, three other figures came up behind her. "Daphne, dear, don't run off like- Oh." It was Mrs Greengrass who had spoken, and she blinked in a startled sort of surprise when she realised their company. "Calla, how lovely to see you, and Harry." She looked to Daphne's father, who looked at Daphne, who sighed."This is Hermione Granger and Ronald Weasley, Mum," she said, gesturing to Hermione and Ron. "You know them.""Yes," said Mrs Greengrass, lips thin. "Well, I know the Weasleys, alright.""Is Ginny here?" Astoria asked Ron, popping out from between her parents. "She didn't say when she was coming to Diagon Alley!""Yeah, she's just inside, I think," Ron said, blinking. "Or she might be with Mum somewhere.""Your friend Ginny's a Weasley?" Mr Greengrass asked, sounding surprised."Yes, Dad.""You never told us that.""Well, yeah," Astoria said, shrugging. "She's just Ginny, you know? Can we pop in and say hello to her?"The Greengrasses seemed split, but eventually nodded. Their daughters shared victorious grins. Calla glanced at Harry, Ron and Hermione, who all seemed slightly bewildered as they followed the Greengrasses down the alley and into the Leaky Cauldron.Mr Weasley was already sat by the bar, reading a copy of the Daily Prophet as they approached. He glanced up at their entrance and broke into a smile. "Harry, Calla!" He leapt over and wrung their hands. "And Mr and Mrs Greengrass," he added, with a slightly more tense smile, "and Daphne and Astoria, lovely to see you all.""And you, Mr Weasley," Daphne said in her politest voice."Do you know where Ginny is?" asked Astoria eagerly.Looking a little surprised, Mr Weasley nodded. "She's still out with Molly and the other boys. They should be back though; I think they were going to Madam Malkin's last, if you'd like to meet her.""Oh, can we, Mum?" Astoria asked."Alright, if we-"But just then, Mrs Weasley came through the door with Ginny, Percy, Fred and George all in tow behind her and carrying their shopping bags. "Ginny!" Astoria called, and disappeared off to the apparent disapproval of her mother.Ginny broke into a smile when she saw Astoria, and the two started chatting at what seemed to be a mile a minute by the door. Calla smiled and exchanged a glance with Daphne. "Kids," Daphne sniffed, but she was also grinning.Percy was the first to reach them, looking very solemn indeed. Calla stared. "Nice to see you, Harry," he said pompously, holding his hand out. Harry shook it with wide and confused eyes. When he held his hand to Calla she stared at it for a very long time before taking it."Hello, Percy," she said. Daphne looked like she would have laughed if her mother hadn't been standing by her."I hope you're well," Percy said, and then turned to Daphne's parents. "And the three of you of course. I don't think we've been introduced?""This is Mr and Mrs Greengrass," Calla said. "Daphne and Astoria's parents.""Well, it is my pleasure to meet you both," Percy said. Daphne cracked then, and covered up her giggle with a hacking cough. Calla grinned at her."Have a good Summer, Percy?" Harry asked, and Ron muttered something that Calla couldn't hear."Oh, Yes, yes, Harry, very productive.""Harry, old boy!" Fred Weasley burst out before them, startling Mr Greengrass, who looked at his wife in a growing manner of displeasure. "Pleasure to see you, absolutely spiffing!""And Calla!" said George, appearing on Percy's other side to elbow him out of the way. "Splendid to see you, my dear, absolutely Marvelous!""Boys!" Mr Weasley hissed, and nodded tersely at Mr and Mrs Greengrass.This was a mistake; the twins turned on the Greengrasses and were soon bombarding them with ridiculously over-the-top greetings that had Daphne almost bursting with held-in laughter, and both Mr and Mrs Greengrass more startled than ever. "Lovely to meet you both," said Mr Greengrass stiffly, as Daphne knocked into Calla from trying to hold in her giggles. "I can see my daughters' mentions of the Gryffindor Weasley twins were not such exaggerations as we imagined."Daphne snorted in a very undignified way and hid her face in Calla's shoulder. Mrs Weasley bustled over, Ginny and Astoria chattering behind her. "And you must be Mr and Mrs Greengrass, sorry we haven't had the chance to meet before. Ron and Ginny have told us all about Daphne and Astoria.""Theseus and Aurelia, please," said Mr Greengrass smoothly, inclining his head towards Molly Weasley. "Lovely to meet you at least. I see Astoria and Ginny are very good acquaintances." Astoria flushed a little and Ginny continued chattering."Dad's a bit old-fashioned," Daphne told Calla very quietly. "But he hates impoliteness more than anything else.""What do you think he'd call Fred and George, then?" Calla whispered back."Excessive," Daphne replied, and Calla laughed. "But still polite, I suppose.""Daphne, dearest," called Mrs Greengrass. "We really ought to get going. There is a lot we have to get.""Of course, Mum," Daphne said, ducking her head to grin at Calla. "Can we come back later, though? Meet for dinner, perhaps?""I'm sure you'll have plenty of time to catch up on the Hogwarts Express tomorrow," Mr Greengrass chuckled. His wife shushed him."If we have the time, dearest. And we wouldn't want to intrude on Arthur and Molly's time with their family before Hogwarts, either.""Oh, not at all," Molly said. Mr Weasley didn't look so convinced, but nodded along with his wife. "It would be lovely for the children to have a catch-up over dinner; and you know how hectic the train back can be."Astoria and Daphne batted their eyelashes at their parents so hard Calla thought they'd fall off. Eventually, Mrs Greengrass said, "I suppose, then, if you are sure?""Of course, of course," said Mrs Weasley, beaming. Calla grinned."I'll be seeing you for tea, then," Daphne said, and nodded to Calla with a perfect grin. "Come on, Astoria. We ought to go to Madam Malkin's first."The Greengrasses headed out the door and Calla turned to the others. Harry was grinning, and Ginny was beaming, but Ron and Hermione mainly looked bewildered. "They were a bit stiff," Ron said, and Calla giggled."Oh, I know. I'm sure Daphne would complain to you about it all day if you asked her to.""Speaking of stiff, stuffy and boring," said Fred, and Ginny glared at him, "did you hear our news? Another Head Boy in the family?"Ah. That explained Percy's manner. "Congratulations," Calla said to Percy, who puffed his chest out in pride."That's the second Head Boy in the family!" Molly said, beaming."And last," George muttered to Calla."Well, I notice they didn't make you two into prefects!" said Mrs Weasley.George screwed up his face. "What'd we want to be prefects for?"Mrs Weasley tutted. "You ought to set a better example for your sister!"Ginny pulled a face behind her back and Calla giggled. "Ginevra has other brothers to set an example for her, Mother," Percy said in a lofty voice. Ron made a face like he was mining being sick and Hermione shook her head at him. "I'm going up to my room now, I'll see you all at dinner." He disappeared off up the stairs."We tried to shut him in a pyramid," Calla heard George say as Mrs Weasley and Mr Weasley moved away to speak. "But Mum wouldn't let us."She stifled a laugh as Hermione made a face of disapproval. "Hey," Calla said to Ginny, remembering how Ron had said once she was a cat lover. "You've not met Matilda?"At the sound of her name, the little kitten stirred in Calla's arms. "Oh, she's so cute!" Ginny cooed. Hermione bustled over too, and Crookshanks made a meowing sound to get Ginny's attention."Oh, you've both got cats!" Her face was lit up in excitement. "What's his name?" she asked Hermione."Crookshanks," Hermione replied proudly. "He's gorgeous, isn't he?"Ginny nodded, though a bit insincerely. "Matilda's gorgeous," she whispered to Calla, as they began traipsing towards the stairs. "He looks a bit too much like a squashed pumpkin."Calla spluttered with laughter, and Matilda stroked Ginny's arm with her paw. "I'll see you in a bit," Calla said, as they reached the door of her and Harry's room. "Matilda hasn't met Moony and Hedwig yet.""See you in a bit, then," Hermione said, as Calla went inside.Both the owls hooted and straightened up their feathers. There was a letter on the desk beside Moony's perch that Calla went to get, realised she was still holding Matilda, and frowned. Matilda leapt out of her arms, and quite confidently padded over to where the two owls were perched."Be nice," Calla said, first to Moony and then to Hedwig, who hooted loudly as if to say Calla wasn't in charge of her. She took the letter from her desk and opened it to vaguely familiar handwriting that she only really recognised from scrawled notes and books in the girls' dorm.Sitting down on the edge of her bed, she beckoned Matilda to sit by her side as she read. Matilda curled up into a tiny ball of fluff, a warmth by Calla's side. Moony fluttered down to perch on Calla's shoulder as though marking her territory. Hedwig merely preened.Dear Calla, read Isobel's letter,I hope this gets to you alright, I wasn't very sure where you'd be but I spoke to Padma and she said you're at Diagon Alley so I kind of just hoped Ellie (that's my new owl, I'll show you her when I see you on the train) would find you. Hopefully she hasn't gone to another random Calla Potter who's going to be very confused. If it has, I'm really sorry. I was wondering if you'd heard this Sirius Black business? It was on the Muggle news and Padma says he's a wizard but wouldn't say anything more, but I figured you're the type of person to know everything no one's supposed to talk about. Anyway, my mum's in all of a flap and doesn't want me going through the barrier myself and not knowing who's on the other side. What with getting to London from home anyway, she already gets annoyed with that because she thinks it's wholly unnecessary for us to travel all the way down South only to go back up to basically Inverness, but there you go, basically would it be alright if I could meet you and your brother on the platform in the Muggle station? Padma says apparently her family all just apparate to nine and three quarters, which sounds ridiculous to me but anyway. Sorry to be a bother but I thought you'd kind of get it, could we meet about half ten if that's alright? So sorry this is a bit out of the blue,and if it's a bit weird, but I hope it's alright.PS: now you know why Snape always fails my essays for being too rambly.- Isobel McDougalThen, scrawled in the cramped bottom corner. PPS/PSS (I don't know which): we live in Galashiels, if your owl needs to know where to fly to, my mum said I needed to tell you but I don't know if she's right, let me knowIt wasn't a letter Calla had expected, but she understood Izzy's dilemma. She suspected Remus had much of the same reasoning for barely letting them out of his sight until he had to; it wasn't like anyone really knew who was around the corner. She wondered if that was part of the reason the Weasleys were here today."Hello," Harry said, entering just as she was about to reply to Isobel. "Who's the letter from?""Izzy," Calla said absently, picking up quill, ink and parchment."Izzy?"She looked at him, blinking quickly. "Isobel? Isobel McDougal?" He shook his head. "Ugh, you're impossible, she's in my dorm. We're friends.""Oh," was all Harry said. "What does she want?""Us to meet her on the platform," Calla told him. "Her mum's Muggle but she's nervous about Sirius Black." She shivered; she was nervous about Sirius Black, too."Right," Harry said, voice terse. "Suppose that makes sense."He went over to Hedwig, stroking her feathers gently, and fed her a couple of owl treats as Calla finished up her quick letter back to Izzy and handed it to Moony. "You up to a journey to Scotland?" she asked and Moony hooted; of course she was. "Good owl."XxDinner was a tense and odd affair. The Greengrasses made stiltedly polite conversation with Mr and Mrs Weasley, while the twins told jokes that made Astoria laugh and Ginny glare, Ron and Harry wouldn't shut up about the Firebolt, Hermione and Ron argued about Crookshanks (still!) Percy mentioned his Head Boyship at every opportunity he got, and Daphne and Calla made fun of them all."If I'm ever as annoying as him," Daphne said, nodding her head in Percy's direction, "feed me to a centaur or something.""I'm not sure centaurs eat people, actually," Calla said."You'd have to ask Isobel," Daphne told her, and Calla turned."She wrote to me!""Did she? Why?""Her mum's worried about- about Sirius Black?" Daphne paled. "They want to meet us on the platform, so she isn't going through the barrier on her own.""I suppose so," Daphne said quietly. "You haven't mentioned him, Sirius Black. Have you-""I know pretty much everything," Calla said."Right. And you're-""Terrified."Daphne nodded, pursing her lips. "Yeah, I figured you would be." She paused a moment, and Calla looked down, fidgeting. Speaking about Sirius Black felt like tempting him - speak of the Devil and her will appear. Daphne's eyes drifted to her parents, and then jumped, turning to Calla. "Oh, I never showed you the photographs of my dress robes from the ball!""Oh!" Calla startled and then grinned. "Let's See?""Mother?" Daphne called. Her mother looked up, eyebrows raised."Yes, Daphne, dear?""Do you have any of the photographs from the ball with you at all?"Her mother shook her head. "I hardly carry them about with me, dear. You can show them to Calla tomorrow on the train, make sure you pack them with you."Daphne scowled and leaned towards Calla, hissing, "She said earlier I'm meant to sit with Theo and Blaise and Pansy and Draco on the train, how'm I supposed to do that and show the pictures of to you and Padma?" She scoffed. "It did look lovely, though, I'll be more than happy to show them off to you.""Was it an alright night, at least?" asked Calla. "Your letters didn't sound like you were too excited.""Ugh, Don't," Daphne groaned. "I mean, obviously I'm friends with them all, but I had to dance with Theo and he's awful! Plus he was so stiff all night, his dad was keeping such a watch on him, and we tried to sneak off with the others at one point but I swear there were eyes on us the whole night. If they'd just let me have a bit freedom..." She shook her head. "Astoria enjoyed it though. She was flirting with Draco." Both she and Calla shuddered. "It was horrifying, to be honest; and I'm friends with him."Calla wasn't sure to laugh at that or not so smiled awkwardly. Daphne breezed through conversation. "Pansy was already complaining about school; her parents are making her do Care of Magical Creatures, they said she should be more rounded in her education. She just wants to do Runes and Arithmancy.""Care Of Magical Creatures sounds great, though," Calla said. "I really want to see a dragon.""You would," Daphne said, snorting. Her mother shot her a sharp look down the table and she straightened up. "But of course, I'm sure any subject on offer would be of great educational benefit."Calla giggled, ducking her head. She caught Mrs Greengrass tutting out the corner of her eye. "You're doing Care Of Magical Creatures though, aren't you?""Of course," Daphne said. "I couldn't stand doing Arithmancy instead, and my parents insisted I do three electives rather than two. Course, they're still bitter I'm doing Muggle Studies." She shrugged. "I think it'll be interesting. Maybe we can even learn something.""There's a radical idea," said Calla dryly, and Daphne giggled."Still, I think they'd be upset with me if I did Divination too." She shrugged. "If it's rubbish I'll switch to be with you and Padma.""How sweet of you.""Oh, I'm nothing if not sweet." She grinned wickedly."I'm not sure I agree," Calla said, and Daphne laughed loudly."Okay, well, I'm a lot of things but I am definitely sweet.""Well..."Daphne shoved her shoulder lightly. "Hush, you.""Oh, look at the time!" Mr Greengrass said, drawn from his stifled conversation with Mr Weasley. "Girls, we really ought to be going home. You still have some packing to do before tomorrow morning!"Daphne groaned but Astoria nodded politely and said, "Of course.""Wish I could stay with you," Daphne whispered."You'll see me soon enough," Calla said, as the Greengrasses set about discussing the bill and paying with Mr Weasley, and Daphne tried to gather he bags from underneath the table."Oh, it's never soon enough," Daphne said, grinning. "But, I s'pose. Mother can't force me to sit with Theo, I guess, once I'm on the train.""I'd come with you if you think they wouldn't mind," Calla told her, shrugging. "We're meeting Remus beforehand of course, but I wouldn't mind sitting for a while."Daphne beamed at her, and gave her a tight hug. "I literally love you, Calla," she said, and Calla felt herself go very pink. "Thank you."The adults settled the bill and Daphne put on her cloak, fastening it. "That's what best friends are for, right?" Calla said, and Daphne's grin widened."Yeah. Thank you!"She bent down to give her a quick, tight hug, said short goodbyes to the others, and then took Astoria's arm as the family glided away. Calla shuffled her seat so it was closer to Ginny."How are you feeling?" she asked quietly."Alright," said Ginny, bracingly. "It was nice to see Astoria. We're going to meet on the train; I guess you lot'll be meeting Daphne anyway.""Yeah," replied Calla. "I'm excited to be back, I think, even if I have to get up early every day.""How are we getting to King's Cross tomorrow, Dad?" Fred asked just as they were all preparing to go up to bed."The Ministry's providing us with a couple of cars," said Mr Weasley.Everyone turned to him. "Why?" asked Percy."Because Of you, Perce, obviously," said George. "And there'll be little flags on the bonnet with HB on them-""For Humongous Bighead," said Fred, and Calla and Ginny snorted with laughter, as did everyone except Mrs Weasley and Percy."Why are the Ministry providing cars, Father?" Percy asked again, ignoring his brothers."Well, as I work there, and as we don't have a car of our own anymore-" Calla glanced at a sheepish looking Harry and Ron "-they're doing us a favour."She saw Harry's eyes narrow, and she wondered too if that was all there was to it."And a good thing, too," said Mrs Weasley briskly. "A fair sight you'd all be, on the Muggle Undergroung with all your luggage. Speaking of, is everybody packed? Ron?" Ron stopped and flushed; like Harry, Calla was pretty sure he always put packing off to the last minute."Ronald hasn't put all of his things in his trunk yet," Percy said. Calla saw Ron's mouth form the word, 'git'. "He's dumped everything on my bed.""You'd better go and pack properly, Ron," said Mrs Weasley. "We won't have very much time in the morning, if we're to be on the platform for half past ten."They made their ways drowsily up to bed not long after that. Ron and Percy were in the room next to Calla and Harry, and she could hear them arguing as she brushed her teeth. Harry disappeared out to see what was going on, and Calla gave Hedwig a couple owl treats, and put out a small dish for Matilda's food. The kitten sniffed it suspiciously, then glanced at Calla and when she nodded, tucked in.Her brother took a long time returning. "Had to get Percy's badge and the rat tonic," he explained to Calla, who was already in bed and reading a chapter of 'Little Women'. Then as he shut the door, he went over to his bed and said quietly, "Mr and Mrs Weasley were arguing about Sirius Black."The name sent a shiver through Calla. She put her book down - she was on page 94, a note she tucked away in her mind - and looked at Harry expectantly. "Mr Weasley wanted to tell us, or warn us rather. I don't suppose he has anything more to tell us than Uncle Remus did, but... Everyone's worrying about us.""I'm worrying about us," Calla said quietly. "He's out there after us, Harry.""I know." Harry shuddered. "You don't... You don't that dog has anything to do with him, do you?"Calla looked at him. "The dog.""On Magnolia Crescent, and it was on the book cover? If it's a death omen..." The thought made Calla's inside feel like ice."I'm sure it isn't-""But if it is?"She was quiet a long moment. Calla didn't want to entertain the thought of her brother dying, didn't want to imagine that possibility. She didn't want to imagine her death either, didn't want to think on it. Everything they'd done before had been for a reason; they'd put themselves in danger, but Sirius Black wanted to kill them just because they'd survived. And she realised, he'd likely be after Remus, too. "Then we have to do as Uncle Remus says. Stick together and stay safe." She took in a deep breath. "We're not going to get murdered.""That's the spirit, dear," said their mirror sleepily.Matilda gave a mew of agreement, and hopped up onto the bed with Calla as Harry set about changing and eventually, they drifted into uneasy sleep.Author's Note: Hello! Just wanted to say another thank you to everyone who likes, comments and reads! It means a lot, and I'd like to use this chapter to say a Merry Christmas to anyone who celebrates and a Happy New Year when it arrives! Hopefully I'll have another chapter up by the end of the year or start of January, but I'm not sure. (This one was meant to span the Hogwarts Express journey, but it seems to have gotten a little carried away. Hopefully, though, I'll get it done soon enough.)Thanks to all!

The morning was absolute chaos. The twins had been woken by Tom, entering with tea for them. They drank it quickly, while at the same time trying to control their pets; Moony had arrived back just in the early morning with a note from Isobel confirming they'd meet at half ten, and that she was excited to see everyone again. Calla was trying to get her back into her cage when Ron barged in, still in the process of pulling his jumper over his head."The sooner we're on that train, the better," he said, looking irritable. Moony squawked and Calla tried to keep him back in his cage, locking it. "Percy's having a go at me, he's doing my head in, just accused me of dripping tea on his photo of Penelope Clearwater! You know," he said, in a tone of disgust, "his girlfriend. She's hidden under the frame now because her nose has gone all blotchy."Fred and George came in a second later, wringing Ron's hand. "Jolly good show, old chap," said George, earning himself a mighty glare from Ron. "Percy's furious, we're ever so proud.""Shut up," Ron muttered, and the twins cackled. "C'mon, you two, let's go down for breakfast."She went to sit by Hermione and Ginny, who were giggling in conversation with Mrs Weasley about love potions. "Morning, Calla" said Hermione chirpily. "Sleep well?""Yeah," Calla said. "You?"Hermione nodded. "I'm excited to be going back to Hogwarts this morning! I can't wait to try all of my new subjects, Ancient Runes sounds fascinating, don't you think?""Oh, I can't wait!" Calla said, grinning. "Did you ever do Ancient Runes at school, Mrs Weasley?""Oh, no, no," Mrs Weasley laughed, shaking her head. "No, I did Care of Magical Creatures and Muggle Studies; that's how I became friends with Arthur, you know. He was always passionate about Muggle things, even when we were just third years."Just then, Percy stormed in, muttering furiously about his missing Head Boy badge. "Knock it off, Perce!" Fred said, earning himself a sharp look from his mother as he tucked into toast. They barely had time for proper conversation the rest of the meal, and once it was done they had a time of it trying to get all their luggage and pets down the stairs and out of the pub."Crookshanks!" Hermione yelled, as her cat darted about the room frantically. "Crookshanks, come here!"They piled up their luggage by the door, with the three owl cages of Hedwig, Moony and Percy's owl Hermes. Crookshanks was hissing in a basket, and Fred's trunk kept rocking like there was something fighting to get out of it. "What's in there?" Calla asked Ginny, who shrugged."Probably something that'll explode."Calla didn't want to ask much further. Ron and Hermione had taken to arguing with one another again, and so she went with Harry out to the cars, led by Mr Weasley. They only had small bags with them, since the adults were taking care of charming the luggage to be smaller.Both the twins crushed into the back of the car, with Ron and Hermione crushed in after them. Fred and George sat upfront, followed by a very disgruntled looking Percy. Mr and Mrs Weasley were both in the car behind them, with all of their luggage. Calla had her little bag with her wand, her money, some chocolate and her copy of 'Little Women' on her lap, with Matilda crawling over it. They hit a sharp turn at one point and she flicked her tail up, where it hit Harry in the chin."Hey!""Sorry," Calla said, trying not to giggle at his affronted expression.Because of the Ministry's help and the charms on their cars, they managed to reach King's Cross Station at twenty five to, and Calla spotted Isobel and her mother standing by the barrier between the gates. "Isobel!" she called.Her friend turned, face lighting up. "Calla!"When they reached each other, Calla hugged her tightly. "Hello," she said to Isobel's mum, who was a tall woman with a pale, freckled face and very curly brown hair. "I haven't met you yet I don't think, I'm Calla Potter.""Of course," said Ms McDougal, smiling, "I've heard so much about you.""Calla!" Harry shouted over to her. She turned, seeing him standing with Uncle Remus, who was having his hand shaken by Mr Weasley. "Hi, Isobel! We have to go!""Sorry, Mum," Isobel said, hugging her mum tightly. "It is almost twenty to, and we need to get seats. I'll write as soon as I get in, Okay?""Alright, darling," said Ms McDougal. She lent down and Isobel flushed as her mother kissed her on both cheeks. "You behave, I don't want any reports of bad behaviour or any detentions.""You never do!""And you shouldn't be starting ow," Ms McDougal said, with a twinkle in her eyes. "And stay safe, dear. That goes for you, too, Calla.""Ah, you must be Ms McDougal!" Remus and Mr Weasley had come over, accompanied by Harry and Ron. "Lovely to meet you, I'm Arthur Weasley, Ron's Father.""And I'm Remus Lupin," said Remus, smiling. He looked pale, and tired, but he looked better when he smiled. "Calla's godfather, and this year's Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.""Oh, fantastic!" Ms McDougal said. "Isobel's told me about the last two, quite the interesting lot.""Well, I hope to be interesting," Remus said, "but hopefully a little more competent than my predecessors.""Anyone's more competent than Lockhart," Izzy whispered to Calla, who laughed."We'd best go through two or three at a time," said Mr Weasley. "Since there's so many of us. Harry, I'll go through with you.""And I'll go through with Calla and Isobel," said Remus, which Ms McDougal seemed quite pleased with. "Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on her, Ms McDougal.""Thank you," Ms McDougal replied. "I just didn't want her going through on her own.""Quite understandable," Mr Weasley told her warmly. "I think we're all being cautious; but I'm sure all will be well soon. Harry?"Harry nodded, taking Mr Weasley's arm. They went through the wall at a run, and disappeared smoothly, unlike last year."Us next," said Remus. Izzy gave her mum another tight hug and grabbed her luggage."Ready?""Ready."The three of them went through, Calla making sure Matilda - who was perched atop her trunk, next to Moony's cage - was stable and not about to fall over in the middle of the barrier, and Calla found that familiar delight as she arrived in Platform Nine and Three-Quarters. "Right," Remus said as they shuffled away from the barrier, letting Ron and Hermione through. "Well, I'll get myself a compartment and then you five can sort yourselves.""We don't mind sharing-"Remus waved his hands. "No, I think I had better get some sleep.""Alright," Calla said quietly, turning to Isobel. "Come on, then, let's see if we can find Daphne and Padma, too.""Hang on!" Ginny's voice came as she and Peru burst through the barrier. "I'll come with you, I want to find Astoria."Ron rolled his eyes, but Ginny accompanied them anyway, as they made their way over to the scarlet steam train.Remus found a compartment next to the one where Daphne, Padma and Astoria were already sitting. He ducked inside and said he'd come to see them later on in the afternoon, and their group half-wrestled their way through the door to the compartment. "We really ought to start finding bigger compartments," said Daphne, as Ron just avoided dropping his trunk on her foot."Morning, Calla," Padma said, offering her a one-armed hug before they tried to stow Calla's trunk on the shelf. "Parvati and Lavender found a rather large compartment, further down the train, but I don't think there's any of them left." She shrugged. "At least we won't get cold.""As long as I don't boil to death," Daphne muttered."We have to talk to you guys," Harry said, lookin between Daphne and Padma. He gave Calla a frownin look, and nodded towards Isobel. "In private, it's important.""Go and find some other friends, Astoria," Daphne said to her sister, at the same time Ron said, "Go away, Ginny."Both girls huffed. "How nice." Ginny scowled as she strode off, followed by a flouncing Astoria."Um, do you want me to stay, or?"The twins glanced at Isobel. "No," Calla said, "no, you can stay."Harry frowned, but didn't challenge her on it. Isobel squeezed in the door after them, and they all sat down. Harry closed the door tight behind them. "Remus told us about Sirius Black," he said, and Daphne went pale."What did he say? You said everything-""He's after us," Harry said bluntly. Calla shuddered as she glared at him. "Remus told us that - that Sirius Black was the one who gave our parents over to Voldemort."Padma, Daphne and Ron all flinched. Isobel gasped a little. "He what?" Padma said, aghast. "Oh, Calla...""He was our parents' secret keeper, when they were in hiding when You-Know-Who was after us. Uncle Remus said... They were all friends at Hogwarts. Our parents, Remus, Sirius Black, and Peter Pettigrew.""The wizard he killed with all the Muggles," Daphne said. "I - I didn't know that. I just thought - because I know he was in with the Dark Lord, everyone knows I suppose, but I didn't know he was friends with them. Mum and Dad, well, they obviously didn't know everything, they weren't in his circle, and they never supported him, but they'd heard things. That he'd gone mad after the Dark Lord was killed, and he'd gone after anyone he could who he thought was on the light side or- or who might know were the two of you were."Calla shook her head. "Maybe he did, in part. But he never got that far." She tilted her chin in attempted defiance but she didn't really feel too defiant. If Sirius Black has come onto the train right then, she probably would have gone down in an instant, and she knew it."He's after us now, though," said Harry. He looked at Ron and Hermione. "He wants revenge." She knew the lingering part of that sentence; and she supposed that if it was only him, Ron and Hermione he would have said it. That he wanted revenge, too."Well, he won't get it," Daphne said."Yeah," Isobel agreed. "I mean, you two are basically impossible to kill anyway."That didn't ease Calla very much, but she nodded quietly. "Well, I just hope that you two don't go looking for trouble," Hermione said."I don't go looking for trouble," Harry grumbled, "trouble just finds me.""And drags me along in the mud," Calla muttered. Daphne gave her a half hearted smile."How thick would they have to be, anyway?" Ron said. "To go looking for some nutter who wants to kill them.""A nutter who sold our parents out to Voldemort."Everyone shifted uncomfortably, including Calla. "They will catch him, though," Hermione said. "Won't they? They've got all the Muggles looking for him, too."Daphne snorted. "Like Sirius Black is going to be found by a group of Muggles. But they will find him," she said hastily, at the look on Hermione and Calla's faces. "I'm sure they will."There was a long moment of quiet. Then there was a weird, faint whistling noise coming from the corner of the luggage rack above them. Matilda hissed up at it. "Sounds like it's coming from your trunk, mate," Ron said to Harry. He exchanged a nervous glance with Calla, and she nodded at him. Surely it wasn't something dangerous that'd gotten in?Ron clambered up to stand on his seat - Daphne scolded him for almost treading on her hand - and rifles in Harry's trunk until he managed to get what he was looking for. He turned, holding out the pocket sneakoscope to them. It was spinning furiously in his palm, and glowing. "What is that?" Isobel asked, frowning at him."Pocket sneakoscope," said Harry. "Ron got me it.""It went haywire when I was putting it in, as well, just as I was tying it to Errol's leg.""And did you happen to be doing anything untrustworthy at the time?" Hermione asked shrewdly."No!" Ron said indignantly, then tilted his head in consideration. "Well, mind you, I wasn't really supposed to be using Errol."Daphne laughed. "Nice one, Ron.""Well, how else was I supposed to get the card and present to them?"Matilda mewed loudly, pawing at Calla. "Put it away, or get it to be quiet," Calla told Ron. "It's scaring Matilda."Ron stuffed the sneakoscope back inside a thick, woolly pair of socks and shut the trunk, smothering the sound. "We should get it checked when we're in Hogsmeade," said Daphne. "I'm sure there are plenty of places that will see to it.""Yeah, Zonko's might do," Padma said. "Joke shop," she added to Isobel, who nodded."They sell this sort of stuff in Dervish and Bangs, too," Ron said. "Magical instruments and stuff like that; Fred and George told me.""Do any of you know much about Hogsmeade?" Hermione asked the assembled group keenly. "I've heard there's all sorts of fascinating historical sites there." Calla sighed and propped her feet up on the tiny wedge of space between Ron and the window. "It's the only entire magical settlements in Britain.""That's not quite true," Daphne said. "There are others, too. Godric's Hollow has a large wizarding population, and Babbitt's Creek is nearly entirely wizard populated. So's Merlingrove in Caerphilly, near our house. There's a wizard school there too - it's a day school, and way smaller than Hogwarts, but there's a few nice students I know there."Ron raised his eyebrows. "Well, I'm only really fussed about going to Honeydukes Sweet Shop." He shrugged. "But each their own, I suppose, Hermione.""Honeydukes has everything," Padma said, eyes wide with wonder. "Pepper imps, sugar quills - oh, have either of you ever had Chocoballs?""They're so good!" Ron exclaimed. "They're massive," he told the rest of them, "and filled with strawberry mousse and clotted cream.""But Hogsmeade is a very interesting place," Hermione said in earnest, "a book I read said that the inn was the site of the headquarters of the Goblin Rebellion Of 1612, and the Shrieking Shack's meant to be the most haunted place in Britain.""Honeydukes has these massive sherbet balls, too," Daphne put in, ignoring Hermione."The ones that make you levitate off the ground when you put them in your mouth?"Daphne nodded furiously."Won't it be lovely to get out of school and explore for a bit?" Hermione said. "I can't wait to see more of Magical Britain.""Suspect it'll be great," Harry said flatly. "Let us know when you find out, won't you?""What do you mean?" Ron asked, snapping back to attention. "You'll be coming too, won't you?""We can't go," Calla explained. "The Dursleys wouldn't sign, and since Uncle Remus isn't my legal guardian or Harry's-" she left out who their real legal guardian was "-he can't sign for us.""That's ridiculous," Daphne scoffed, tossing her hair. "You should have told me, I would have gotten Mother and Father to try and sort it out.""Fudge wouldn't sign either," Harry said gloomily. "So it looks like you'll all have to go without us.""Or what about your map, Calla?" Ron asked quickly, eyes lighting up like they always did when he got a new idea. "It must have passages in and out of Hogwarts, Fred and George know all of them and they gave it to your"I haven't looked at the passages out of the castle," Calla said honestly. "But I doubt it'll work. Remus said they're putting loads of extra protections around the castle; and I doubt he'll let us sneak out, what with Sirius Black and everyone.""And he shouldn't let you, either!" Hermione cried. "It's far too dangerous!""Not if there's a load of us out there," Daphne pointed out, and Isobel nodded enthusiastically. "Safety in numbers."Hermione looked at her flatly. "It's dangerous.""But if we're with them, maybe," Padma said."Yeah," Ron agreed, "Black wouldn't dare attack them if we're there.""He took out a whole street of Muggles to get Peter Pettigrew," Calla said quietly. "I doubt he'd let you stop him, if he really wanted to kill us."Ron yelled suddenly, "Don't let that thing out!" just as Crookshanks spring from his basket. He padded on the floor for a second, yawning before he leapt up onto Ron's lap. And then before anyone could stop him, he was aiming for the lump in Ron's pocket. "Get out!" he yelled, shoving him away."Ron, don't!"The two of them descended into argument again and Calla huffed, leaning against Daphne's shoulder. "I'm so tired of this already," she muttered, and Daphne laughed."I haven't shown you the ball photos yet, have I?" She withdrew from her pocket a pile of moving photographs, bound with some sort of twig or vine.Padma leaned towards them over the aisle, and Isobel crept over Harry's legs to look. "This is the one from the start of the night," Daphne said, showing them herself and Astoria in front of a white staircase. She was dressed in a high-necked, deep midnight blue dress, hairs in curls, with delicate silver chains around her left arm, and Astoria was dressed simpler but still prettily, in a mint green chiffon, and with a glittering diamond comb in her dark hair."I love your dress," Calla said, and Padma nodded."You look gorgeous.""Thanks," said Daphne, cheeks going pink. "Er, this is me and Theo." Theo was dressed rather boringly, in black and grey, and they both looked a little awkward in the pose. "There's loads, but some of them are a bit rubbish; oh, that's me and Pansy and Draco." She giggled. "Pansy took ages to do her hair, and then they tripped while dancing and it got caught and all ended up falling out." The Pansy Parkinson in the photo stuck her tongue out.She went through all the photos, until Isobel lost interest and disappeared to talk to Sue and Anthony in another carriage, and Padma started reading a book instead. At one point, Ron and Hermione had stopped arguing and turned to chatting with Harry, and Daphne finally finished up with her photos. "I still don't like the arrangements Mother's made," she said, "but it was an alright night, all things considered.""I'd love a dress like that," Calla told her wistfully. "And the bracelets; what are they for?""Pureblood tradition," Daphne scoffed, tossing her hair. "Pureblooded young women, when they reach the age of thirteen, are meant to wear light bracelets or chains around their left arms. It's a sign of - Well, I don't know what, but it's a tradition.""Purebloods are dead weird," said Ron unexpectedly."You Weasleys are purebloods too, don't you know?""Blood traitors, we are.""Still on the Sacred Twenty-Eight, though," Daphne pointed out.Calla hasn't the faintest idea what that meant, so she looked at Harry, who looked at Hermione, who shrugged and looked at Padma, who said, "It's a list of the old pureblood families. Twenty eight of them: Malfoy's there, I think Parkinson, too. Daphne could recite them all, probably.""Mother all but forced the list into my head," Daphne sighed. "Abbott, Avery, Black, Bulstrode-""Like Sirius Black?""-Burke, Carrow, Crouch, Fawley, Flint, Gaunt, Greengrass, of course, Lestrange, Longbottom, Malfoy, Nott, Ollivander, Parkinson, Prewett, Rosier, Rowle, Selwyn, Shacklebolt, Shafiq, Slughorn, Travers, Weasley-" she put great emphasis on this, shooting Ron a look "-and Yaxley." Daphne smiled and sat up, as if proud. It was strange, to be honest. "There.""Sorry we're not all fanatics," Ron muttered."I'm just saying you're on the list.""Dad hates it. Says we have no place on it and we should never want to, either.""Doesn't change the fact that you are," Daphne said with a shrug. "I don't really care - the Zabinis aren't on it, and Blaise is one of my best friends. Mum and Dad don't care, and most of those who are actually fanatics are locked up in Azkaban anyway." She made a disgruntled sort of sound.Calla saw Hermione shift uncomfortably, and Daphne's expression fell a little, into uncomfortableness and uncertainty. "I don't much see the point in having a list, personally. There's no one who actually doesn't have Muggle blood. People just like to think they're better than each other."There was a moment of quiet, and then Daphne said, "I'm meant to go see Theo, and I think I should check in on Astoria, too. Calla, do you mind coming with me? The looks I'd get wandering the train on my own.""Sure," Calla said quietly. She scooped up Matilda, but she scratched her in indignation, so she handed her to Harry. "We'll be back soon. If the trolley witch comes round, get me three chocolate frogs."Harry nodded, and she and Daphne slipped into the corridor, closing the door behind them. "I said something wrong there, didn't I?" Daphne asked. "I saw the way Hermione looked at me."Calla fidgeted uncomfortably, walking slowly by her friend. "I think it was the stuff about the - the Sacred Twenty Eight. I mean, I didn't know anything about it, but the fact you can just, you know, rhyme off all those name...""Because I'm a pureblood," Daphne said. "I don't - it's not that I think people should know it, but I've never thought not to know it? I guess it's a bit weird.""Your parents taught you it," Calla said. "I get why it is a bit, well, odd, but I suppose it's like... Well, I was going to say it's like me being able to rhyme off all the members of the royal family. Aunt Petunia is a big monarchist," she added as an explanation. "There's the Queen, Elizabeth, and Queen Mother Elizabeth, and Princess Royal Margaret, and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Charles, Prince Of Wales, Duke Of Cornwall, Lady Diana - Princess Diana, really, but Aunt Petunia doesn't like her - she was Princess of Wales, and Prince William and Prince Harry, and Princess Anne and her children, Peter and Zara, but they don't have titles, Prince Andrew who's the Duke Of York, his wife Sarah, Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenia, Prince Edward, that's all the queen's children and grandchildren, and I think there's some other cousins with titles but I don't really know them as well.""See, That is weird."Calla shrugged. "It's a bit weird for Muggles, too," she said, blushing. "But I don't like to think Aunt Petunia's really the standard for muggles."Daphne smiled. "Well, anyway. I do have to speak to Theo, if you're alright with joining me."Honestly, she didn't really know. Theo - Theodore Nott - had never given her bother, but Draco Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson had, and she wasn't sure she'd want to sit with them. But still she didn't want to leave Daphne when she said she'd join her, so she went long the train until they came across a compartment with Astoria, Ginny, Luna Lovegood and two other girls Calla didn't recognise."That's Amelie Selwyn," Daphne said, pointing to the pale girl nearest the door, "and the other's Marie Flint. Her mother's a halfblood, grandfather a full-blown Muggle, apparently their marriage caused an awful fuss.""Wow," Calla said blankly, as Daphne strode inside the compartment."Just checking up on you," she said. Calla's eyes caught on Lune Lovegood, who sat cross-legged at the far end of the compartment wearing bright orange glasses and reading an upside down magazine, with a giant purple beetle resting in her white-blonde hair. "Hello, Selwyn, Flint.""You don't need to check up on me," Astoria said frustratedly. "And we're fine, thank you."Luna Lovegood looked up then with an expression at once startled and serene. "Oh, hello, Calla Potter. Are the wrackspurts bothering?"Calla stared at her. "Er, not really, Luna. I feel quite alright; but I don't know what a wrackspurt is." Even as far as Ravenclaws went, Luna was a bit out of the ordinary. Calla was better at following her words than most but she still hadn't heard of half of the creatures she spoke about."Oh, they're these little creatures that get in through your ears. I see them in your head when you're in the common room."Amlie Selwyn and Marie Flint were both staring at Luna Lovegood like she had grown two heads. Though for witches Calla supposed that wasn't that unlikely."Are they dangerous?" Calla asked Lune."Not particularly. They can be a nuisance though; watch out for them.""We're going to sit with Theo," Daphne said to Astoria, who was pink in the cheeks. "If you'd like to join us.""No," Astoria said shortly. She scribbled something on a bit of parchment and handed it to Daphne, who scoffed."I don't care. See you at Hogwarts, and don't eat too many pumpkin pasties, I don't want you being too full before the feast.""You sound like Mother," Astoria muttered, as Daphne set the parchment on fire, burning it to ash, and closed to door."You haven't actually heard of wrackspurts, have you?""No.""Good. I haven't either but I didn't know if you were just playing along. Amlie Selwyn doesn't like Lovegood, I can tell.""Well, I think she's nice," Calla said. "If a bit confusing.""Confusing's not quite the word I'd use, but yes. Ah, there they are!"Daphne rapped on a door and waved through the little window. Calla hung back nervously as someone opened the door, but Daphne tutted and gestured for her to come on. "You'll be grand," she whispered, clasping Calla's hand. "Promise. And if anyone tries to say any crap, I'll hex them. But I think you'll find everyone but Draco to be more or less reasonable about other people.""More or less," Calla muttered, as Daphne pulled her inside with her. Crowded in the compartment was Theodore Nott, along with Malfoy, Parkinson, and Blaise Zabini.Parkinson raised her eyebrows at Calla's entrance, and Malfoy scowled. "Hope you don't mind," Daphne said, smiling in a thin way that said if anyone did mind, they would be met with her utmost displeasure. "I brought a friend.""Potter," said Theodore politely, nodding at her with a bare smile. "How are you?"She blinked. "I-I'm alright, yeah." Everyone was looking at her, as though expecting something; she begin to feel rather hot. "Um, and you? How was your holidays?""Were," Parkinson said snidely. Not sure what she meant, Calla just stared at her, feeling her cheeks flush and burn. "The sentence ought to be 'how were your holidays'.""Oh." Calla glanced at Daphne, who gave Parkinson a sharp glare. "Sorry. How were your holidays, then, Nott?""Rather lovely, actually," Theodore said breezily. "We had a wonderful time at the ball, as I'm sure Daphne will have told you." Daphne pursed her lips. "Anyway, sit down, the two of you. You know Blaise, don't you?""Yeah," Calla said quietly. Daphne gestured for Parkinson to budge up on the seats, and she groaned as she did so, shuffling closer to the window. Daphne sat by her, tugging Calla down to sit on her other side, opposite Theodore. "Um, it's nice to meet you all."Malfoy snorted derisively, looking out of the window. She could have sworn Blaise rolled his eyes. "So, what electives are you doing this year, Potter? Are you in Arithmancy, too?""Oh, no," Calla laughed. "No, I did maths at primary school and that was awful. I'm doing Ancient Runes, Care Of Magical Creatures, and Divination."Parkinson laughed. "What'd you want to do Divination for?""Well, it's... It's interesting.""My mother says it's a fool's subject," Parkinson said airily. "But I suppose if you find it interesting.""I think it would be interesting, too," Daphne said defensively. "And it's a perfectly valid subject."Parkinson laughed. "Alright, Daphne. If you say so. Personally I don't see the point in any of the electives other than Ancient Runes or Arithmancy; Father thinks they ought to be integrated into the core curriculum from First Year. But Divination and Muggle Studies are useless.""I'm doing Muggle Studies," Daphne said."Yeah, so's Tracey Davis," Theodore Nott laughed. "And we all know you're only taking it to aggravate your parents.""That's not the only-""Anything from the trolley, dears?"The trolley witch appeared at the door. "Calla?" Daphne asked, getting up."I'm alright," she said, shaking her head. "Harry said he'd save me some chocolate frogs."Malfoy made a rude sound, and Daphne glared at him as she asked the trolley witch for, "Two licorice wands, a pumpkin pasty and some Bertie Bott's.""I'll have a chocolate frog," Parkinson added, and Daphne rolled her eyes in a fond way as she got one. She chucked it over to Parkinson, and Malfoy reached out to catch it, fumbling and dropping it.Hiding her laugh, Calla turned to Zabini and Theodore. "Are either of you doing Care of Magical Creatures? It sounds really exciting, I don't know much about Magical creatures other than dragons and unicorns and things."Everyone else looked between each other and she felt a sudden feeling of having misstepped. Then Zabini said quietly, "It sounds really interesting to me. I'm quite excited, though apparently Slytherin typically shares that class with Gryffindor, and Ravenclaw with Hufflepuff. I think salamanders would be fascinating to learn about.""Oh, me too!" Calla said, relieved. "They sound very interesting.""If you're willing to get your eyebrows singed off, I suppose," Parkinson said, tossing her hair. "I'd rather not discuss school any more; it's the last hours of Summer, after all."As the conversation turned, Calla edged into the corner and pulled 'Little Women' from her bag - she was about halfway through, and thought she might be able to finish it by the time she arrived at Hogwarts. Malfoy gave her a strange look, but she ignored them except from when Daphne addressed her every five or so minutes in an attempt to include her.She was almost finished when Parkinson said loudly, "Is it just me, or is the train stopping now?""We can't be there yet," said Malfoy, frowning. Daphne glanced at Calla."This doesn't sound good," she whispered, and Calla nodded, closing her book. She clasped her hand around her wand."No," she whispered back, as the train came to a stop and the lights flickered, "it doesn't, does it?"The wind howled louder outside, and the rain was pelting the window. The train shuddered Against it. Malfoy has gone very pale indeed. "I'm going to see Crabbe and Goyle," he said quickly, but just as he got up they heard someone coming aboard the train and with what sounded like a whimper, he sat back down. Cold rushed into the train and Calla shuddered.Calla was torn between going back to her friends and Remus, and her fear of venturing outside where she was sure there was someone dangerous. Her mind went immediately to Sirius Black and she shivered against Daphne. "What's going on?" Theodore said, frowning. He stood up, poking his head out of the door. "It's all dark. All the lights have gone out. But we can't be there yet..."The cold crept over Calla. "Shut the door," she whispered. "It's freezing."Theodore looked at her curiously, but pulled the door gingerly shut. It caught with just an inch left between the pane and the frame. "Come on," he muttered, trying to jostle it shut again, but the wind seemed to be pushing it open."I think someone just came on," Calla whispered to Daphne."Wonder if it's Sirius Black," Malfoy drawled, And Parkinson cackled."Shut up, Draco," Daphne snapped.Someone stumbled into the compartment. "You know what's going on?" asked Millicent Bulstrode's voice, as someone knocked into Calla's knees."Well, I'm sure the train is just stopping in the middle of nowhere because the driver wants a bit of an adventure.""Is anyone else really cold?" asked another girl's voice. Someone kicked Calla sharply in the shins. "Oh, sorry," the same voice said. "Who was that?""Calla," she replied. "Who's this?""Tracey. Can you see-"The train jolted and everyone froze. "Inside," Zabini whispered, and bodies pressed tightly into the compartment.Then there was a strange sound, like rattling breath, not quite the wind anymore. A dark, hooded shadow fell across the windowpane and Theodore startled, stumbling back. Long grey claws crept around the side of the door, pushing it back openThere was a scream and a burst of green light, and Calla saw a million things at once; a shadow falling away from the full moon, a snow-covered cemetery, a silver deer, a ring of gold between two spells, a boiling cauldron. Her heart sped up and she could feel herself draining of energy, fear gripping her arms, crawling across her skin. Someone screamed - she didn't know if it was her or not - and she felt her stomach plummet as the compartment blurred into view and back out again.She felt weak, like she had in the chamber. That memory gripped her suddenly, ice-like fear holding her still. Then everything disappeared.XxHarry blinked up from where he lay on the floor. He remembered the darkness and the cold and the fear, and a woman's voice, her high-pitched scream, a high, cold laugh and a flash of green light."Harry?" Hermione's voice said, as her face came blurrily into sight. "Harry, are you alright?""What happened?" Harry asked weakly, struggling to sit up.Remus looked at him warmly. "That was a dementor, Harry.""They're what guards Azkaban," Padma said."They feed on fear, and suck the joy out of anyone near them." He shuddered. "It's alright now, they're gone. Here," Remus said, offering Harry some chocolate. "Eat. You'll feel better.""Where's Calla?" Harry asked suddenly, realising she hadn't come back at any point since he fainted. "Have you seen her, is she alright? And where's Matilda?"In response, there was a mew from the corner, where Hermione was holding the little kitten."Astoria's gone to find her and Daphne," Ginny said from the corner, looking pale as she gnawed on her own piece of chocolate. "She'll be back in a minute.""I'll go," Harry said quickly, but Remus stopped him getting up."No," he said firmly. "Rest, and have some chocolate.""But-""Found them!" Astoria's voice called, and a moment later a very pale Calla appeared in the doorway, leaning on Daphne. She was shaking."Calla!" Harry said, at the same time as Remus. Remus got up, smiling gently."How do you feel? Are you alright?""I'm fine," Calla mumbled, though she certainly didn't look it."She fainted," Daphne said bluntly. "She's not fine.""Daphne!""Have a seat, Calla," Remus told her. "You look ready to collapse."Even her legs were trembling, Harry realised as Calla went to sit down. Her hands shook as Hermione handed Matilda to her. At least he wasn't the only person to faint, he thought for a moment, and then felt intensely guilty at the look on his sister's face. "Have some chocolate," Remus told her. "It'll help."She took a very hesitant bite. Then she smiled a little and took another. "Thanks," she said quietly. She was very quiet, Harry noted as he went to sit next to her. "How are you? Did you-""I fainted too," Harry told her, and she nodded."Malfoy thought it was hilarious," she muttered, and anger flared in Harry. Of course Malfoy would; and of course he'd make sure that Calla know it, too."Malfoy's a git," Ron muttered, clearly having overheard."Now," Remus said sternly, though he looked to Harry like he agreed with Ron's sentiments. "I'm going to have a word with the driver. I'll see you when you get to Hogwarts; and make sure they have some chocolate," he added, looking mainly at Hermione and Padma."What happened?" Hermione asked sharply once Remus had left. "Why did you faint?""I don't know," Harry said. And he didn't; but he didn't really want to think about why. "Did none of you?"Hermione shook her head slowly. "Dementors are horrible creatures," Daphne said. "My - people who go to Azkaban never come out the same; they're made by intensely dark magic. Most grown wizards go mad from prolonged exposure to them. Their purpose is to terrify people, to suck the happiness out of their souls. I guess... Some people have more to be scared of than others. They show you your worst memories, or replicate the feelings from them anyway." She shook her head. "Point is, fainting from them isn't that uncommon at all. Especially for people our age, or people who've... You know. Been through a lot."Harry nodded numbly. Even if he and Calla had been through a lot, they'd still reacted far worse than anyone else, except maybe Ginny, who was still very pale. "Right.""You two look like you should sleep," Padma said gently. "At least a little, before the train gets to school."Harry though, didn't think he would be able to sleep, while he remembered that scream, that cold laugh, that awful green light. He felt cold just thinking about it."But I don't get what happened," Harry said hoarsely. "And who screamed?"The rest all looked at one another. "No one screamed, Harry," said Hermione slowly."I heard someone scream," Calla said quietly, frowning. He could tell she was already thinking, trying to come to some explanation. "Didn't any of ou?""No," Daphne said. "There was no one screaming down our end, either.""But then... I don't understand." Harry looked at his sister; he didn't understand, either."What happened?""I don't - I don't really know, Harry," said Hermione nervously. "It - it got really cold, and dark, and it felt like, well, like there was something there, something terrifying. I don't-""I thought you were having a fit," Ron told Harry. "You went sort of rigid and stiff, and your eyes sort of rolled back in your head, and then you fell onto the floor and started sort of twitching. And then Remus came through to see what was happening, and then we realised Calla and Daphne hadn't come back and we didn't know where they were, but then he said 'None of us are hiding Sirius Black under our cloaks. Go' and shot some silvery sort of spell at them, it looked like some kind of animal, and then they left.""I wish we'd never gone through to sit with Theo and the rest," Daphne said, scowling. "Draco was so rude about it, even though you could tell he was about to wet his pants himself." Harry chuckled weakly. "The dementors there wouldn't go away for what felt like ages. Cause, Calla, you'd gone all pale and I could feel you grabbing my arm really tight, and then you sort of started shaking and fell off the seat, and I didn't know what to do but I didn't want to get you any closer to those things so me and Blaise were sort of standing in front of you trying to make sure you didn't, you know, choke or anything. And then they left and the lights came back on.""And then Malfoy was laughing about it," Calla muttered. "He thought it was hilarious." She shivered, pulling her knees up to her chest. "He didn't hear what I did, then." She rested her head on Harry's shoulder, and though he didn't look he thought she might have been crying. "It was terrifying."They all nodded grimly in silence.Remus came back in then. "We'll be at Hogwarts in ten minutes," he told them. "I suggest the two of you - and you, Ginny - make sure you're wearing something warm to go out in. And eat," he said, nodding at the chocolate, "please."He paused a moment and then put his hand on both their shoulders. "You're alright now," he told them. "We'll be at Hogwarts soon."Calla nodded. "Yeah," Harry said, squeezing her hand. "We'll be fine."As everyone else went about getting their robes on and Remus went through to his other compartment, Calla whispered to Harry, "Did you hear the woman screaming, too?" He nodded. "And we're the only ones." She paused, breath shaking before she asked, "Do you think... Do you think it could have been Mum?"The question surprised him but he supposed... It must have been. That green light had persisted in all of his dreams all his life, and that high laugh. "I think it might have."Calla nodded, and got up shakily. "Come on, we need to get our robes on." She went over to her trunk and then turned around, eyes wide. "Daphne, did you bring my book back?"Daphne stared at her a moment and then shook her head. "We'll get it from Theo after the feast.""Daphne-""I'll get it if you don't want to speak to them," Daphne offered. "He'll have picked it up.""It's a Muggle book.""He'll still have picked it up," Daphne said confidently."Nott?" Ron asked, raising his eyebrows."Theodore," Daphne said. "And I know what that tone means, but he's actually decent, Ron.""Sure he is," Ron muttered, rolling his eyes. Harry was sure Ron had mentioned before that Nott's father had been a Death Eater. Malfoy's has been too, and Parkinson's - he didn't know about Zabini's - but it was strange to imagine Calla crowded amongst them.At last, the train pulled into Hogsmeade Station. "I'm going to find Neville," said Ginny. "Come on, Astoria."The two of them left quickly, and Daphne muttered something to Padma that Harry couldn't hear. Calla picked up Matilda in her arms, and smiled gently at her as the rest of them trailed off of the train.XxWhat little warmth Calla had felt on the train she lost immediately as they left it, stepping into the night. Matilda's claws were sharp on her arm, holding her tightly, but it was oddly reassuring. "Let's try and get a carriage with all of us," Padma said, bumping her left shoulder. "Are you alright?" she asked in a whisper, with a look forward to where Daphne was talking to Hermione."Sort of," Calla whispered back. "I'm feeling better, but..." She couldn't get those images out of her head. They were sort of visions - they felt mostly the same - but far shorter and less clear. Already they were slipping away; she wished she'd brought her notebook with her so she could have scribbled what she'd seen down, but then again it was still far from the main thing on her mind.The way she'd felt had been the worst thing; she wasn't even just scared, she felt weak. She hadn't been sure she'd even be able to stand up when she came to, and she'd had to lean on Daphne just to get back to Harry and the others. It had felt like being back in the chamber, except there was no threat to fight except her own weakness."You ought to speak to Flitwick when we get to Hogwarts," Padma told her. "Or Madam Pomfrey, just to make sure you will be alright.""Yeah," Calla said quietly. "I will.""Hagrid!" Hermione called, and Calla looked up to spot him grinning as he held up a lantern, guiding the way for the first years. They all looked so small; Calla was sure she'd never been so tiny.He waved over to them and Calla stood on her tiptoes to wave back, but they rounded a corner towards where the carriages were waiting and he disappeared. "This one's free," said Ron, and they all climbed in together, Calla squashed between Daphne and Padma. The rain seemed to have gotten heavier, pelting onto Calla's cheeks, and she held up the hood of her robes to try and keep it off her glasses."I'm freezing," Daphne said, rubbing her hands together. "The sooner we get to the castle, the better."Calla nodded her agreement. There wasn't much time for chatting, and either way she wasn't really feeling up to it. She kept thinking of the dementors, of that cold feeling in her chest, the fear that she might fall apart as irrational as that was. And she'd fainted - she'd actually fainted. She told herself she ought to be stronger than that, she couldn't just faint in the presence of a dementor even if it was terrifying. She shuddered and stroked Matilda thoughtfully.As they passed closer to the castle, she caught sight of dementors standing guard along the path and by the gate, towering figures with massive hoods. She shivered into Daphne's side, wishing that if she just squeezed her eyes shut then they would disappear; but all that did was make the cold seem colder and make her fear stronger.The carriage finally swayed to a halt outside the castle, and Daphne linked arms with Calla as they clambered out, Matilda clinging to her shoulder with an unusually tight grip. "Think there'll be any decent new Ravenclaws this year?" Daphne asked. "Hyacinth - that's our cousin, Hyacinth - is starting this year but I don't know where he'll be sorted. Probably Slytherin, if he goes with what his mother wants, but I think he could make Hufflepuff.""You fainted, too, Potter?" said Malfoy's drawling voice to Harry. Calla snapped around. "I mean, both of you, really, you both fainted?" He laughed, as did Parkinson, Crabbe and Goyle behind him.Zabini stood off to the side, muttering something to Theodore. "Shut up, Draco," Daphne told him. "You're making an arse out of yourself.""Come now, Daphne," Malfoy chuckled. "All just a bit of fun."Daphne gave Parkinson a hard look, and she just giggled. "Imagine actually fainting," she whispered to Draco. "I couldn't believe it. Famous Calla Potter, collapses on the floor all because of one little Dementor.""Your family would know all about Dementors, wouldn't they, Parkinson?" Padma said, glaring.Parkinson went pale, and hissed, "Shut your mouth, Patil, or I'll shut it for you.""Is there a problem here?" asked Remus mildly, climbing out of another carriage.Calla smiled at him gratefully. She could see Malfoy and Parkinson looking him over scornfully, taking in his clothing and his battered suitcase. "Oh, no, Er... Professor," he said, laughing. They slouched off before Remus could say anything in response."Was that the Malfoy boy?" he asked, and Calla and Harry nodded."He's a jerk," Daphne said, rolling her eyes. "If he says anything else, I'll hex him.""Thanks Daphne," Calla said."As a professor, I'm not entirely sure I can condone that, Daphne," Remus said, and Daphne just laughed."I'll just have to make sure you're not a witness, then," she told him cheerfully. "Oh, Theo."Zabini and Theodore had materialised next to them.Ron and Remus both eyed them suspiciously, but didn't say anything. Zabini held out Calla's book. "We thought this was yours," he said. She took it with a small smile."Thanks, Zabini.""Sorry about Draco and Pansy," Theodore said. "Are you Alright?""Yeah," she said quietly - and quite unconvincingly. "Thanks for asking.""We'll get up to the castle before the others wonder where we've fallen behind. See you later, Daphne."The guys disappeared and Ron made a rude sound as he joined Calla's side. "They were just returning my book," she told him before he could start saying anything."Little Women," Ron read aloud as he looked at it. "Sounds boring. Suppose Hermione likes it.""It's not boring," Calla said defensively. "And yes, I'm sure she does.""Oh, I do!" Hermione told her. "I love Meg.""Let's get out the rain," Remus said, and the followed him to join the crowd going up to the castle.But Calla and Harry barely reached the Great Hall when McGonagall came to find them. "Potter! Yes, both of you! Thank you, Remus, I'll take them from here." She smiled at Remus, shaking his hand. "Lovely to see you again. And Miss Granger, I'd like to see you, too.""We'll save you a seat," Padma whispered to Calla, going on ahead with Daphne and Ron. Frowning, Calla and Harry and Hermione shuffled out the crowd."No need to look so worried, you're not in any trouble," McGonagall said crisply. "I just want a quick word in my office."Calla thought that if there had been any trouble they were in, Ron would be the one with them rather than Hermione. She soothed Matilda in her arms and followed McGonagall across the entrance hall, up a marble staircase and down a corridor that Calla thought was fairly near Gryffindor Tower but that she'd only been down once before after the battle in the Chamber, and she couldn't remember what happened after very well anyway. McGonagall ushered them in, to a cozy room with a warm flickering fire.They'd just sat down when Madam Pomfrey bustled in, accompanied by Professor Flitwick. "Professor Lupin sent an owl ahead to say the two of you had taken ill on the train, Potters."Calla felt her cheeks heat up. He didn't have to tell McGonagall! "We're fine," Harry said quickly. "We don't need anything-"""Oh, it's you two, is it?" said Madam Pomfrey, looking at them with suspicion. "What have you been doing this time, running off to put yourselves in danger?""It was Dementors, Poppy," said McGonagall disapprovingly.Madam Pomfrey shook her head and clucked disapprovingly. "Setting Dementors around a school," she muttered, pushing Harry's hair back to feel his forehead. Pomfrey pressed a hand to Calla's forehead and she winced slightly at the twinge of pain. "Does that hurt, Miss Potter?" she asked, frowning."Just my scar," Calla told her. "It does that sometimes." Usually after she'd had a vision, or just before. Matilda crawled across her lap and lay down, much to Pomfrey's disapproval."Hm," Pomfrey said. "You ought to tell me if it does, I could find out why. Curse scars can be tricky." She smiled at her crisply and stepped back. "Well, you won't be the only ones to collapse, I'm sure of that. They're both all clammy, Minerva, Filius. Terrible things those dementors are, and the effect on people who are already delicate-""I'm not delicate!" Harry protested. Calla said nothing."Of course you're not," said Pomfrey, taking Harry's pulse and then Calla's."What do they need?" McGonagall asked crisply. "Bed rest? Perhaps they ought to spend some time in the hospital wing?"Calla didn't want to think what Malfoy would say if she had to go to the Hospital Wing. And she didn't want to stay in the Hospital Wing either; first nights back were always fun in the dormitory, and she was too excited for the new classes she had in the morning to go to the hospital wing and risk Pomfrey wanting to keep her in for longer."We don't need the Hospital Wing!" Harry whined."Well, they ought to have some chocolate at least. Filius?""We've already had some chocolate," Calla said. "Re-Professor Lupin gave us all some.""Did he now?" Madam Pomfrey asked with an approving nod and smile. "Well, it seems we've at last got a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who knows his remedies.""Are you sure you feel alright, Potters?" McGonagall asked crisply."Yes," Calla said, and Harry nodded with her.McGonagall and Flitwick both looked at them for long moments. "Well, Filius, If you have nothing to discuss with Miss Potter then I suppose the two of you," she said, looking at them, "ought to wait outside a moment while I speak with Miss Granger, and then we can all go down to the feast together."Calla nodded, and Harry left the room as quickly as he could. "Come on, Matilda," Calla said, and Matilda leapt off Calla's lap, trotting after her when she left the room."Can you imagine Malfoy if we had to go to the Hospital Wing?" Harry muttered, shutting the door behind them. "He'd be insufferable.""He's already insufferable," Calla said and Matilda gave a mew of what Calla decided was agreement. "The only good thing that happened in the compartment with the Slytherins was him hardly speaking.""Really?"She nodded. "S'ppose he didn't have anything to say that Daphne wouldn't tell him off for." She paused a moment before she asked a question that had been weighing on her a bit, "What did you see when the dementors came?""I didn't really ... Hear anything," Harry said, frowning. "I suppose I more just heard the screaming.""Oh." That was that, then. It was just her; so probably they were visions. She tried to bring them back to her now. The moon and an axe and a cemetery and a cauldron."Did you see something?" Harry frowned. "Wait, a vision or was it, you know, because of the dementors?""Both, I think it might have been," Calla told him. Her scar twitched a little and she glared in response. "But they were weird, they weren't as clear. So I don't know. And I... I saw that green light. You know, how we always used to dream about that flash of green light, both of us.""I didn't see that," Harry said lowly. "Do you think-"The door clicked open and they jumped up, smiling politely at McGonagall and Hermione. She looked between them as though expecting them to say something, but they didn't, and so McGonagall said, "Come on then, the two of you. No doubt a feast and decent night of sleep will do you both the world of good."She took them back down to the Great Hall, Matilda following quickly despite her little legs. "What did McGonagall want to speak to you about?" Harry asked Hermione."Oh, we just had to discuss my timetable for the year," Hermione said breezily. "I'm very excited to get started, though the only elective class Gryffindor and Ravenclaw share is Divination, which is a shame. I'd have liked to work with you in Ancient Runes.""We can still do homework and things together," Calla said with a shrug. "No doubt we'll need each other's help; apparently it's really tough.""Good," Hermione said, with a small smile. "I like a challenge in my learning."Harry looked at her like she was mad as they reached the Great Hall. "See you later," Calla said to the other two as they split up to go to their separate tables."What'd McGonagall want?" Daphne asked as Calla took a seat between her and Padma."Just to make sure Harry and I were alright after the train. Uncle Remus owled her." She peered along the table. "Guess I've missed the Sorting, then?""Yeah. Hyacinth got Hufflepuff." Daphne heaped some chicken and potatoes onto Calla's plate for her. "Good on him, I say. Astoria's furious, I think she'd have liked to have him in the same house as her.""I'm sure they'll cope," Calla said, as she took her plate from Daphne. "Thanks.""How are you feeling, Calla?" Terry asked across the table. He lowered his voice as he said, "We heard you fainted.""Terry!" Isobel hissed, nudging him. "You don't need to yell it.""I hardly yelled," Terry muttered. "But anyway, Calla.""I'm feeling better," she told them, smiling. "Don't know what happened, really, but I'm sure I'll be alright.""I heard old Dumbledore's furious about it," Lisa told her. "But they're not allowed in the grounds at all, so I'm sure you want have another fainting episode."Calla wasn't sure if that was meant to be snide or not. "Good," she said. "They're creepy as anything.""What happened, though?" Michael asked, leaning over Lisa, who glared at him as his elbow almost landed in her gravy."I'm not really sure," she said honestly. "It was like everything just went cold and dark, you know, and then it was just scary. And I - I don't really know what happened, but the next thing I know I'm on the floor.""I'm not surprised," Mandy said. "I thought I was going to pass out too, it was terrifying. Sue was about to be sick, weren't you, Sue?"Sue nodded grimly. "It just felt horrible. Like you'd never be happy."Calla nodded. She knew exactly what Sue meant. She could still feel that cold creeping over her. "Eat," Padma said in a stern voice, holding out a fork to her. She took it with a sheepish smile. "Professor Lupin got a great reception, by the way," she told her. "Everyone applauded, even most of the Slytherins.""Good," Calla said proudly, eyes flicking to where her godfather sat at the High Table. "He deserves it.""Hagrid's been made Care of Magical Creatures Professor, too," Daphne added, and Calla couldn't keep from beaming."That's fantastic!" she said. "Oh, he'll be so happy! I'm excited for that now!""Izzy said she knows how to calm the book down, too," Padma added. "You have to stroke the spine.""Oh, of course!" Calla said. "That makes so much sense.""Don't know how none of the rest of us thought of it," Daphne said."Speaking Of," Calla said, "Mattie, meet Ravenclaw table." She lifted Matilda from where she had curled by her feet, and she mewed lightly, raising a paw."Bloody hell, she's got another animal," Lisa muttered. "Is one mad owl not enough?""Do you just hate animals, Lisa?""Yes," Lisa replied sharply, glaring. "And your taste in them is terrible.""How do you have a taste in animals?""Well, you always go for the crazy ones.""Matilda's only my second pet! And you just met her!""And I bet she's half crazy already."Matilda was looking very confused. Calla sat her down with a sigh. "You should meet Hermione's cat, then," she told Lisa. "He's attacked Scabbers four times now.""Isn't Scabbers Ron Weasley's rat?" Calla nodded. "Well, that's not that surprising, then, is it?"Daphne made a snorting sound of laughter and Padma glared along the table at her. "She has a point."Calla rolled her eyes. "Well, anyway, Matilda is much better behaved. Aren't you, dearie?" Matilda nodded, purring."You're going to be one of those weird cat witches when you grow up, aren't you?" Lisa said."I can dream," Calla replied, grinning. She could have sworn Lisa was about to laugh, too, but settled for eating chicken and talking to Michael instead.The feast seemed to fly by, and by the end Calla found herself having eaten no less than four spectacular desserts, and was quite full. "I'm surprised you're not sick by this point," Padma said, tutting as they got up, having been dismissed to their houses."You've got to make the most of dessert," Calla told her, and Daphne nodded."Plus, Calla's meant to have chocolate right now. It's Pomfrey's orders."Padma grinned, linking her arm through with Calla's, while Daphne took Calla's other arm. "I've missed the two of you," she said, and Daphne giggled."We've missed you, too, dearest," she told her, laughing as she batted her eyelashes. Calla laughed, tipping back her head so she could see the night sky through the enchanted ceiling. They all paused for a moment, staring up at it together. "It is pretty, isn't it?" Daphne said."I wish I could work enchantments as nice as that," Calla told them, surprising herself though it was true."We'll get there," Padma said, looking back down. "Come on, we should catch up with the others."Calla smiled between her friends. Sirius Black might be out there in wait, and there may have been Dementors around the grounds, but she was still determined to make this a good year with her best friends. "Come on, Matilda," she said, and they set off for Ravenclaw Tower with her kitten in tow, trotting behind them.The door was already open when they arrived at the common room, due to the fact that almost a hundred students would be coming in at the same time and making every straggling group answer a riddle would just be too annoying. The common room was already crowded with people taking up and fighting over bookshelf space and organisation - Penelope Clearwater was very particular about using Muggle alphabetical organisation, while apparently Wizarding library organisation went by a topic's assigned magical number, the numerical 'weight' or usefulness of a text which Calla thought must be very subjective, and the zodiac sign of its first listed author."I've missed this place," Izzy said, joining them. Terry leaned his elbow on her shoulder."Me and the boys aren't tired enough for bed yet," he said, "so you guys can come up if you want once you're settled."Izzy laughed. "You and the boys?" Terry stared at her. "Yeah, alright. I'll come up. Girls?""Suppose," Calla said, smiling. "Come on, I want to settle Matilda in first."When they got into the dormitory, Lisa was already changed into pyjamas and precisely folding up her clothes into drawers, with all her books organised on her deceptively slender bookcase. She liked to organise hers by subject, length and ease of reading and comprehension. Calla just put books wherever she had space for them and hoped none fell over or off. She supposed she was a bit like Harry in that respect, though she was more organised in other areas."Are you guys heading up to the boys' dorm once you're ready?" Mandy asked as they entered."Think so," Izzy said, going over to her bed. She sank down onto the bed. "God, I've missed how comfy these mattresses are."Calla took Matilda over to the little pink cat bed that had miraculously appeared next to her own. "This is your home for the year, too," Calla whispered to her. "Do you like it?" Matilda gave an affirmative nod and Calla giggled. "Good, I'm glad."As Matilda curled up, Calla went about getting out her cat food and making up a bowl for her, much to Lisa's chagrin. "The house elves will take care of her," she told Calla."Well, it can't hurt to feed her, can it?"Matilda mewed in agreement and then yawned, which was absolutely adorable.Once they'd all gotten changed, Calla shut up her trunk - she'd deal with unpacking the next day or at the weekend - set 'Little Women' down on her bedside table, and put on a pair of slippers to head up to the boys' dorm. "What are you reading?" Sue asked, standing by her as they waited for Daphne and Izzy, who were always the last ones ready."Little Women," Calla replied. "It's a Muggle book, it's fantastic.""I think one of my cousins likes that," Sue said. "Emily.""You can borrow it at some point if you want," Calla told her, grinning."This rate you're starting a bloody book club," Lisa said."You're really going in for it tonight, aren't you, Turpin?" Daphne said, laughing from where she sat before her mirror, brushing her hair."I don't know what you mean.""Something's got you in a nippy mood," Isobel laughed."Shut up, Isobel," Lisa asked, going pink. "Are you all ready yet?""Fine, fine," Daphne said, setting down her hairbrush. "Let's go, then."They crept to the boys' dorm in their dressing gowns, huddling into the doorway. "Hey!" Anthony said, looking up and grinning. "You lot took your time.""Greengrass and McDougal always take their time," Lisa huffed, going to sit by Michael. "By the way, has anyone done the reading for Ancient Runes? I'm desperate to discuss it.""This really is the party house, isn't it?" Isobel said drily.Daphne giggled, and took Calla's hand to drag her over to sit by Terry. "I haven't seen you all Summer, Boot," she said, crossing her legs. "How have you been?""Eh, you know. Muggling."Calla snorted. "Muggling?""Acting like a Muggle. Great fun until you realise you can't use magic and you have to get up to turn the lights on and off.""The horrors," Calla muttered, and they both laughed."It's so good to be back, though," he said, smiling at her.She looked around the room where her friends were huddled in their pyjamas and dressing gowns, squashed in together and laughing. "Yeah. Yeah, it is pretty good to be back."Author's Note: And we're back! (And with the longest chapter yet.) The new year will start next chapter, and there's a lot I'm really looking forward to exploring in this next part of Calla's story!Also, thank you to the reviewers for last chapter! It means a lot, and I'm so glad people are looking forward to seeing more of Calla and her story, so a massive thank you to everyone! I hope you all have a wonderful day/evening and I will probably be back with a new chapter in January, so happy new year in that case!

To her surprise, Calla was the first one up in the morning. Lisa and Mandy were both still snoring in their beds, though Daphne stirred the same time as she did and stretched, yawning loudly. "Morning," she said brightly, and loud enough that Sue rustled from her bed, turning over to glare at her sleepily."Morning," Calla said in reply. Matilda quirked her head up at her from the floor, and she gestured for her to come closer. She butted her head against Calla's hand affectionately and gave a small purr. "Have a good sleep?""The best," Daphne said cheerfully. "I always sleep best here." Lisa gave a loud snore. "Well, when I can't hear that racket, anyway."Calla giggled, and clambered out of bed. Matilda gave a purr of protest, wrapping herself around her ankles. "I need to get ready," she told the cat sternly, receiving what may have been a smirk in response. She rolled her eyes as Daphne laughed."Matilda," she cooed, bending down at the end of Calla's bed. "Here, kitty." Matilda's gaze swivelled between her and Calla for a solid minute before she let out a purr and unfurled himself quickly, sprinting over to Daphne. She scooped her up in her arms and grinned at Calla triumphantly. "She likes me. Don't you, kitty?"Calla giggled, dragging her brush through her hair. "I'm still her favourite.""You sound jealous," Daphne sang, as she turned on the spot with Matilda still in her arms. She gave out a loud mew of indignation, awakening Isobel.She swore loudly and fell back onto the bed to sleep. "I'm going to get ready," Calla announced, skipping over to their bathroom. "Don't scare my cat, please."When she came out, Isobel was up and padding about aimlessly, searching for 'my... my toothbrush' which she did not manage to find until half an hour later, at which point Lisa, Sue and Mandy had gone on ahead to breakfast and the other three were crowded in the doorway waiting impatiently for her to find the damn thing."I'm so tired," she complained as they made their way out the common room, rubbing her eyes."Same," said Padma drowsily. Daphne gave her a light shove with her shoulder. "What was that for?""To wake you up."Padma glared. "I am awake, thank you very much."Daphne pressed her lips together and caught Calla's eye as the two held back giggles which Padma was incredibly irked by and which Isobel was seemingly too tired to notice. "I don't know how you get up so early," Isobel said."I rise with the sun," Calla said, and Daphne giggled. "It illuminates me."Parma's stomach rumbled, shattering Calla's dramatics. "I think that means it's time for breakfast," she said, as they turned towards the stairs."I just hope I've got the right books for today," Calla said. She'd put in Divination, Ancient Runes, Herbology, Potions and Defense Against the Dark Arts, in the hope that at least two of them would be a morning class and she wouldn't have to go back to the dorm until lunch."Daphne!" shouted a voice from across the hall. "Calla! Padma! Isobel!" The four of them turned around to see Susan Bones hurrying over to them, a tired-looking Hannah Abbott trailing behind. "How are you? We didn't get the chance to speak last night - are any of you doing Ancient Runes later? The only other from our house is Wayne, and he doesn't talk to me much and he's friends with Michael who's studying it, and I need someone to sit with so I'm not awkwardly on my own." She said this very quickly, and by the end was quite red in the face."We all are," Daphne said delicately. "Well, Isobel, are you?"Isobel nodded. "I didn't know what to do but Mum thought it'd be interesting. Apparently we're part Viking, but I'm pretty sure everyone in Scotland says that.""We can share a table together, then," Padma offered, and Susan beamed. "And I think Anthony's doing it too.""Thank goodness," Susan said. "I was so worried I'd end up on my own. Hannah's abandoning me for Arithmancy instead. And Muggle Studies.""I think it'll be fun," Hannah said defensively. "I don't know much about them.""They're pretty boring, to be honest," Isobel said, and Calla nodded her agreement. "Apart from TV. It's definitely the best thing about it.""Also a better coin system," Calla put in, and Isobel nodded fervently."That too." She turned and grinned. "Thank you, Calla."Calla smiled back, and they slipped into the Great Hall. She waved at Harry, Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table, and said goodbye to the Hufflepuff girls as they sat down with Ravenclaw."We got our timetables," Lisa said, handing the pile of them over. "Muggle Studies first thing." She and Mandy both pulled faces. "I'm dreading it, to be honest. Any of you doing it? Sue is, too.""No way," Isobel laughed, taking the timetables. "I bet it'll be boring as anything.""Hardly anyone does Muggle Studies," Daphne said with a sympathetic look at them."I think Hermione's doing it, though," Calla said, and Sue groaned."Granger?" Sue shook her head. "There's no chance of even being top of the class with her! And she's muggleborn, isn't she?""Yeah," Calla said. "Don't know why she took it.""She said it'd be interesting to look at from another perspective," Padma reminded Calla, who laughed."Maybe. I'd much rather be in Divination, anyway."Lisa gave a snort of laughter. "Divination? Really? I heard old Trelawney's a fraud."At that, Calla felt rather defensive. "Well, I think she's lovely.""You would," Mandy said, with a giggle. Calla's cheeks flames and she turned to Padma."What do you think of her?""Haven't met her yet," Padma said neutrally, taking a slice of toast. "I'm sure it'll be fun. I know Parvati's really excited."Calla huffed, aware of the look Lisa was giving her. "Good. I am too." She ate her toast with a lot more aggression than usual.When it came time for first period, Harry and Ron came over, Harry looking a lot more eager for Divination than Ron did. "Isn't Hermione coming?" Padma asked, lookin over their shoulders."Dunno," Ron said, turning around. "She was beside us a second ago. Must have ran on ahead.""You feeling any better?" Calla asked Harry quietly, and he nodded."Yeah, I guess. You?"She wasn't sure, but she said, "Yes," anyway. "Did you speak to Hagrid last night?"Harry nodded, breaking into a broad grin. "He's so excited! I can't wait until Care Of Magical Creatures, we have our first class this afternoon.""Ours isn't until tomorrow," Calla told him. "You must be in a class with Slytherin or Hufflepuff.""Probably Slytherin, knowing our luck," Harry muttered, and Calla laughed."Rather you than me, definitely.""Are you excited for Divination, then?"She beamed at her brother. "Oh, you know I am! I don't know how Trelawney teaches classes, obviously, but she's really nice, even though she is a bit weird, too.""Do you know the way up?" Ron asked, turning back to them. "You've met Trelawney before, haven't you?""Yeah," Calla said. "It's a bit of a walk up to the tower, but there's a shortcut near the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom if you ever come from that part of the castle. Follow me," she told them, and strode on ahead to lead their way.The walk to the North Tower was still long, and tiring, but they were the first ones to arrive and they had time to spare. The rest of the students arrived in drips and drabs, until finally Seamus, Dean and Neville turned up and, as if on cue, the trapdoor above them swung open, very narrowly missing Neville's head. No one quite seemed to know what to do, until a ladder dropped down and Calla, sensing everyone else's trepidation, made to climb it and emerged in Professor Trelawney's familiar classroom. Padma, Harry, Isobel and Ron came up behind her.Though the room looked much as it always did, the layout of the tables was a little different than Calla remembered; they were low tables, with about three or four seats clustered around them and teacups set out. "Padma!" called Parvati, and tugged her sister over to sit with her and Lavender Brown. Padma sent Calla an apologetic smile as she went to sit by them.Just as the others dithered over where to sit, Hermione appeared suddenly at Calla's shoulder and scared the life out of her. "Where did you come from?" she asked, jumping."What do you mean? I just came up the ladder behind you." Hermione smiled. "Haven't you gotten a table yet?""I'll sit with Michael and Terry," said Isobel, leaving the four of them to take seats around a low table near the front of the classroom."Where even is Trelawney?" Ron asked, looking around for any sight of her."She'll be out in a minute," Calla said, taking out her books. She glanced at the teacups, and gathered they were going to be divining from them, which wasn't something she was entirely good at, but supposed she could become good at. It worked primarily with images, but they could be very subjective when viewed within the lens of omens, which she thought was likely for a third year's class.Just as she thought this, the trapdoor swung loudly shut and Calla whirled around to see Professor Trelawney coming through the gauzy curtains at the edge of the classroom. Her hair was wild and frizzy, and with her giant glasses and silk green shawl, she looked rather like a beetle, with such massive eyes she ought to be able to see everything. "Welcome, children," she said in a dramatic voice. "How nice to see you all in the physical world at last." Calla beamed. Ron looked like he might start laughing. "Sit, my children, sit," she said, gesturing to Neville, Seamus and Dean who were all standing agape at the back of the classroom."Welcome, to Divination," Professor Trelawney said, settling herself in an armchair at the front of the classroom before a fire. "My name is Professor Sybil Trelawney. You may have seen me before, or you may not. I find that descending too often into the hustle and bustle of the main school clouds my inner eye." Though Calla was grinning, everyone else seemed to be just staring at Trelawney blankly, as though not quite sure what to make of her.Trelawney rearranged her shawl delicately, hardly noticing everyone's reaction - or rather, lack of reaction. "So you have chosen to study Divination, the most difficult of all the magical arts. I must warn you now that if you do not have the Sight, there may not be much that I can do to help you. Books will only take you so far in this field." Hermione looked very concerned by this, and there were a few chuckles at her expense from around the room.Calla, on the other hand, was rather looking forward to studying something she did have a natural knack for; there were so few that she really felt she could do. "Though many witches and wizards are proficient in creating loud bangs and causing sudden disappearing," Trelawney went on, "few have the Gift of the true Sight. You, Boy," she said suddenly to Neville, who went very white, "is your grandmother well?""I - I think so," Neville said. Calla looked at him nervously."I wouldn't be so sure of that if I were you," Trelawney told him, and Calla shivered. Neville made a whimpering sound which Trelawney seemed quite unconcerned by; she simply went on with speaking. "We will be covering the basic methods of Divination this year. We will start this term devoted to the study of the tea leaves, and after that we shall practice Palmistry. By the way, my dear," she added to Parvati, who startled, "beware a red-headed man."Parvati looked at Ron and quickly shuffled her seat away. Padma looked torn between whether to laugh or not, and instead pulled a face of incredulusity at Calla. "What are you going to do, Ron?" Calla asked, giggling though she suspected Ron was not the red-headed man who Parvati ought to be wary of. Maybe she'd get caught breaking rules by Percy Weasley, who as Head Boy would certainly take it upon himself to get her in trouble."Nothing!" Ron protested."In the second term," Trelawney went on, "we shall progress to the crystal ball - if we have finished with fire omens, that is. In February we shall be disrupted by a nasty bout of flu; I myself will lose my voice." Calla made a note to be careful about germs in February. "And around Easter, one of our number shall leave us forever."That sent a shiver down her spine. Calla couldn't help but glance at Harry, who also looked worried, and she couldn't blame him. What with their track record, the odds of one of them being the one to leave them forever were too high. She hoped, then, that it didn't mean death. Maybe someone would leave the class, and that was all. She hoped. But she couldn't ignore the tense looks of everyone else, too; a good portion of the class seemed to be looking at her and Harry. Lavender Brown looked particularly sorrowful."I wonder, dear," Trelawney said to Lavender, then. "If you could pass me the silver teapot on your left?"Lavender seemed to breathe a sigh of relief as she handed over the teapot, setting it down on the table before Trelawney. "Thank you, my dear," she said. "Incidentally, the thing that you are dreading, it will happen on Friday the Sixteenth of October."All the colour drained from Lavender's face yet again, but Calla leaned forward. Now Trelawney was discussing specifics, of a sort anyway. She'd never been able to date her own predictions or visions. It was fascinating to see, even if poor Lavender had gone white in the face. Calla made up her mind that if she ever had to deliver a prediction like that, she would be a tad more delicate than Professor Trelawney."And my dear," she said, turning to Calla, "the answers you seek may not be found by the means you hope for.""Oh," Calla said, not totally sure what answers she was seeking, though she supposed if she wanted answers on anything she'd want someone to just tell her. "Thanks?""Now," Trelawney went on, "I want you all to divide yourselves up into pairs. Collect a teacup, bring it to me to be filled, then sit down and drink until only the dregs remain. Swill these around the cup three times with your left hand, then turn the cup upside down on its saucer, wait for the last of the tea to drain away, turn it upright and give it to your partner to decipher. You will interpret the patterns using pages five and six of Unfogging the Future. I shall move among you to offer assistance in reading your cups. Oh, and dear," she added, catching Neville's arm as he made to move, "after you've broken your first cup, would you be so kind as to select a blue patterned one? I'm rather fond of the pink, you see."Neville's eyes bulged, and Calla stared at Trelawney, in awe at the ease with which she gave out simple predictions and warnings. It was like it was as easy as simply seeing something, no side effects, just knowing or feeling. One day, she told herself as she went to get her teacup filled, she'd be able to See so simply. Calla had just filled her teacup when there was the sound of china breaking and sure enough, Neville was standing staring at it. "One of the blue ones, then, dear," Trelawney said, bustling over with a dustpan and brush to tidy up the mess that had been left.Hermione looked shocked that Trelawney's prediction had come true and Calla smiled mistily at her as she sat down. "Trelawney really knows what she's talking about," she said, taking a sip of her tea, "don't you think?""I think it's a bit creepy, to be honest," Ron said in a low voice.Calla drained her cup and swilled the dregs. "It's just guesswork, I'm sure," Hermione said, frowning. "She can't possibly have known that Neville was going to break his teacup.""But she did," Calla said, turning her teacup upside down. "It's quite amazing, really."Hermione huffed as she swilled her tea leaves. "It is a very imprecise branch of magic."Calla shrugged, feeling defensive of the subject already. "Seems precise enough to me. Harry, I'll swap cups with you?""Sure," Harry said, shrugging as they exchanged cups across the table. Hermione pursed her lips as she switched with Ron."What can you see in mine?" Calla asked her brother, who frowned."A lot of soggy brown stuff, mostly."Ron snorted and Calla pursed her lips, trying not to laugh. "Very helpful, Harry.""What d'you see in mine, 'Mione?" Ron asked."Tea leaves," Hermione said bluntly and this time Calla rolled her eyes."Yeah, that's all I see, too. Oh, wait," Ron said, flipping through his book, "there's... That looks like a book. It means... You're going to learn. Well, we already knew that.""You've got a sort of small bird," Harry said, frowning. "Maybe you're going to learn to fly?" Calla glared at him."No."With a laugh, Harry went on, frowning, "And there's a... Sort of a gun? Or a cannon, I think it's maybe a cannon. That means... Extreme emotions. So you're going to fly, and be very emotional about it.""Great.""Well what can you see, Calla?" Harry asked, grinning at her. She looked into his cup, pursing her lips as she looked at it from various angles."Well, this looks to me like some sort of animal, I'm not sure what. You've quite a few animals here, actually, that looks like a falcon." She frowned down at her book. "That means you have a deadly enemy." Calla flushed. "Fantastic. We knew that anyway. Right... This looks like a tree without branches?" Looking through the book, she tried to find it, but couldn't. "Maybe it's just a log? Oh, that means success, Harry, that's really good! Maybe it means success against your enemy!" She smiled, feeling comforted by that idea. "And this... I don't know. Maybe an acorn, that means an unexpected windfall. And this is some animal, it's definitely a mammal." She flicked through her book. "Maybe a dog? That means loyalty and generally positive relationships, so that's good, too. You have quite a nice teacup, actually, Harry.""May I have a look at that, dear?" Trelawney asked, coming to Calla's shoulder. She nodded, surprised, handing it over."Ah, the falcon," Trelawney said. "My dear boy, you have a great enemy.""Well, everyone knows that," Hermione said, laughing. Calla shot her a look. "Well, everyone does know about Harry and You-Know-Who. You said it yourself, Calla, we all knew that already."Trelawney frowned over the cup. "Ah, here... The club. I see an attack." That was a much graver prediction than the one Calla had seen; she supposed that was the log she'd imagined. "And the skull," she went on. "Dear, dear, this is not a happy cup." Calla's stomach twisted. She hadn't seen the same as Trelawney, but none of this sounded positive at all.Trelawney let out a startling gasp, clutching ather heart. Calla hastily took the teacup back from her and stared at it. "My dear," she said, pointing at Harry with a shaking finger, "you have... The Grim!"Calla looked at the cup. That sounded like the Grim Reaper but she didn't imagine the stories of the Grim Reaper to look like a dog. "What's the Grim?" she asked Trelawney, frowning. She hadn't come across that yet, but it didn't exactly sound positive. "Professor?""The Grim, my dear, the Grim! That grey spectral dog that haunts the graveyards... My children, it is an omen, the worst omen... The omen of death!"A chill shot through Calla and she shuddered, looking nervously at Harry. He'd gone quite pale, as had everyone else. Lavender Brown had clapped her hands to her mouth. Omens were very subjective, Calla knew that, and the Grim didn't necessarily have to mean Harry's death. And everything was still subject to choice; choice was always far more important than fate. They just had to be careful."Let me see that," Hermione said, going around the back of the table and peering into the teacup. "I don't think it looks like the Grim," she said flatly.Professor Trelawney looked at her with scrutiny, narrowing her eyes in dislike. "You'll forgive me for saying this, my dear, but I sense very little aura about you, my dear," she said. "Very little receptivity to the resonances of the future." Hermione bristled, cheeks going pink. "You have a very closed mind, my dear."Seamus Finnigan, a Gryffindor, had come over and was glancing into Harry's cup. "It looks like a Grim if you do this," he said, tilting his head and squinting, "but if you look at it like this, it looks a bit more like a donkey.""When you've all finished deciding whether I'm going to die or not!" Harry said hotly, standing up. Everyone looked away, apart from Hermione, and Calla sighed."You're not going to die," Calla told him flatly. "Omens," she whispered, "can be very subjective." The Grim didn't necessarily have to mean death."I think we shall leave the lesson here for today," said Trelawney, wrapping her shawl around her. "Yes... Yes, pack up, please. And Calla, dear, will you stay back a moment so I might speak with you?"Calla stifled a groan; not because she didn't want to speak to Trelawney but because she really didn't want to deal with Professor Snape if she was late for Potions. "What have you done?" Ron asked, staring at her."Nothing, Ron," she muttered. "It's what I will do, I suppose."She grabbed her bag, packing away 'Unfogging the Future'. "Can you tell Professor Snape I'm talking to Trelawney, if I'm not there by the time class starts.""Sure," Padma said. "See you."She ducked down the stairs with Isobel, Michael and Terry, and Calla waited at the table as the rest of the class filtered out. Eventually, she and Trelawney were the only ones left. "My dear," Trelawney began, "Professor Dumbledore has again requested that I tutor you personally in the study of Divination. And I foresee that it will be very beneficial.""I hope so," Calla said, smiling. "How do you predict so easily, Professor? Earlier it was like you could just tell things and say them, like it came so naturally.""Confidence, my dear," Trelawney told her mystically. "To believe in the future you must first have faith in your own mind and your own magic." She smiled. "Might I take a look at your teacup?""Sure, Professor," she said, handing it over.Trelawney looked at it for a very long moment. "There is a cockatoo," she said. "I see struggles in relationships and strong emotional hardships. And a capsized boat, there, at the bottom... A portent of great danger on a perilous journey." She looked at her. "My dear, I do fear for you, with a cup like this."Calla shivered. "What else, Professor?""A spilled inkpot; creativity, but not without barriers. But you shall overcome your difficulties, one way or another, if you tread your correct path." She handed the teacup back with a faint smile. "All is not terrible.""Well, that's good then," Calla said weakly. "When would you like me to see you for tutoring, Professor?""Ah, any evening would do. Though I feel my Inner Eye is most awake on a Monday evening."Calla smiled. "I'll see you on Monday, then, Professor." She went to leave and then turned back. "Oh! And can I have a note to say I was with you. I have Professor Snape for my next class, and -""Say no more," Trelawney said, conjuring a slip of parchment. "Professor Snape has a very murky aura. I have always find him closed off to the true Sight and its potential. It is a shame, that is one who may have most need of its warnings." She scrawled something on the parchment and handed it over to Calla. "Go on, now, dear. But I dare say you will make it in time if you take a less tread path.""Thank you, Professor," Calla smiled, nodding as she headed down the ladder and walked as quick as she could through the little shortcut that took her past the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom. She smiled at Uncle Remus quickly as she passed, and darted down a hidden staircase that would take her to the Potions classroom.She arrived, panting, just as Snape stepped outside to let everyone in. He frowned at her but didn't comment on her hasty arrival. "You made it," Padma said, rather flatly. Calla frowned at her."Padma and Isobel told me what Trelawney said in your Divination class," Daphne whispered. "You don't think it's true, do you?""I don't know," Calla whispered back nervously. "I - I don't think it can be, or rather I don't want it to, but Trelawney knows what she's talking about." She shuddered. "I just have to hope she's not right.""Quit your whispering, Miss Potter," said Snape as they passed him. Isobel rolled her eyes."Sourpuss," she muttered once they were out of earshot.Calla took a bench with Daphne, taking out their cauldrons. Isobel had offered to share with her, but she had a habit of experimenting a bit when it came to the instructions, and Padma had drawn the short straw. Snape was his usual dour self as he set them their work, creating an Antidote to Common Poisons. But the classroom, especially the Ravenclaw half, was unusually subdued, and the students who'd been in Divination were all clearly shaken; Terry, who was usually brilliant at Potions, managed to take half of Anthony's left eyebrow off by adding too many mistletoe berries on too high a heat."Today's work has been even worse than usual," Snape said at the end of the lesson, after failing everyone except Lisa and Michael, who he said had scraped an Acceptable. There hadn't been much wrong with Calla's except it was too dark and was apparently more likely to poison someone again than to cure them. "Might I ask why, or have you all simply lost brain cells due to laziness over the Summer?""We Ravenclaws have just had our first Divination class, Professor," Michael said and Snape pursed his lips."I see. Divination, I must say, is a very imprecise branch of magic. I suppose someone is due to die by the end of the year?" Everyone looked at Calla. "Miss Potter?" He didn't look quite as nasty as she thought she would have; he seemed himself rather bothered by the discussion of Divination."My brother, Professor," she said, pushing down the part of her that still wanted to make a very rude gesture at Snape."Well," he said. "We shall have to see then, if Trelawney's prediction will come to fruition. Might I ask in what form she predicted this?""Tea leaves," Calla said. "Which I suppose can be very imprecise.""Ah. It was not true prophecy, then." He nodded at her. "Well, to make up for this class's general lack of competence, you will each write me twelve inches on how to correctly brew this antidote and what you should have done differently today. And I expect that focus and common sense when it comes to predictions made by Sybil Trelawney will be included there. Dismissed."They all packed up hastily and headed up for lunch. "Twelve inches!" Daphne moaned as soon as they left. "It's only the first class!""Did you see his face though?" Padma asked lowly. "He actually looked quite bothered by what Trelawney had said.""Apparently he has a very murky aura," Calla told them, giggling. "That's what Trelawney told me.""It must be awful though, every year having a colleague tell all their students one of their classmates is going to die.""Well, Harry isn't going to die," Padma said firmly. "First of all, Calla won't let him." Calla smiled, flushing; but it was true. "Second of all, omens are subjective and they only really show the possibility of death. Right?" Calla nodded. "So he'll be alright. He always is, anyway.""Yeah," Daphne agreed. "Don't worry, Calla."They entered the Great Hall and Calla waved over encouragingly to her brother, who looked extremely gloomy between Ron and Hermione. "We've got Ancient Runes after lunch, haven't we?" Padma asked, fiddling with the strap of her bag."You have," Daphne said. "I have Arithmancy.""Oh, how was Muggle Studies, by the way?" Calla asked, remembering suddenly."Well," Daphne said, pausing, "I didn't expect it to be, but it was actually really interesting! We just did some basic stuff and a sort of overview I suppose, but Muggles are actually really fascinating. Calla, you'll have to show me the Muggle world at some point.""What, all of it?" Calla giggled. "That might take a while.""Well, I want to see a television anyway. And a - a computer, I think that's what Professor Burbage said it was called? She says they're very rare and she hasn't gotten her hands on one yet, but she'd really like to see it.""Dudley has a computer and a television," Calla told Daphne as they sat down. "I don't really know how computers work, because Harry and I were never allowed anywhere near it, but they're pretty big. They're like massive blocks of... Computery stuff.""Computery stuff," Padma repeated, lifting her eyebrows. "That was very technical, Calla.""Shut up," Calla muttered in response, taking a ham roll from the table platter.When lunch was over, they headed out and Calla pulled out the Marauder's Map in an alcove, trying to figure out where the Ancient Runes classroom was. "So, if we go along the Defense corridor..." she said, frowning, "and then up that passage, that should bring us out by Charms, and then the passage around the corner should take us to the floor where Runes is on, and then along from there is the classroom." She and Padma exchanged looks. "Well, I guess we might as well try.""Unless we get lost and fall down a trap stair," Padma muttered, but she laughed as they headed along the corridor, with the map tucked safely into Calla's top pocket.They did manage to find Ancient Runes in the end, bumping into a very lost-looking Susan and Zach on the way there. "I'm glad you know your way anyway," Zach said to Calla as they stood outside the classroom. "How do you always know your way?""Intuition," she said, grinning. Zach laughed."Right, keep your secrets then."Though they were the first ones to arrive, it seemed that Ancient Runes was actually a very popular subject; along with the five of them, Isobel, Lisa, Mandy, Terry, Anthony and Michael also came along, as did Wayne Hopkins, Arran Tegan and Justin Finch-Fletchley of Hufflepuff. Calla nodded at Justin, who smiled back at her warmly now he didn't think she was a murderer like he had last year. "Well, then," said a warm woman's voice. They all turned around to see a tall, pale woman with small silver glasses and long, braided blonde hair. She smiled at them. "Are you all here for third year Ancient Runes, Yes?" They all nodded. "Fantastic. I am Professor Bathsheda Babbling and I will be your teaching for your time in this subject. When you enter the classroom, please stand at the front and take out your books. I have assigned you all seats and marked each of your desks with the Runes which correspond to the first initial of your name." She beamed at them and Daphne, Padma and Calla exchanges excited glanced. "Please come in."The Ancient Runes classroom felt like going back to the age in which Hogwarts was first built. A fire flickered in the corner, but the stones were covered in various inscribed Runes and various tapestries hung around the walls, all of them with Runes going around the edges. "Woah," Calla breathed.Professor Babbling smiled as they lined up. "Please use your copies of Spellman's Syllabary to find the runic alphabet and then your initials. Anyone who doesn't have their copy with them, you may use one of the spare copies on my desk. Some of your initials also will not have direct counterparts; in this case I have used phonetic means to decide on the Runes."There was a scramble between Mandy, Wayne and Michael to get their hands on the two books on Babbling's desk. Calla flicked to the page with the alphabet they were using - it was the Elder Futhark runic alphabet, which she remembered from her light reading was a Proto-Germanic form of Runes. While Daphne and Padma managed to find their Runes almost immediately - D translated to 'dagaz' for day, and P translated to 'perth' for luck - there was no direct correspondent to C. Remembering what Babbling had said, Calla set off in search of the desk with the 'kaunaz' rune - meaning ulcer - which represented the Latin letter K. It was a sort of arrow facing to the left, but made of only two lines, like the mathematic symbol for lesser than.Her eyes combed the desks until she found it, between the desk where Zach was sitting and another with a rune made of three lines, joint together sort of like a Z turned on its side and with long vertical lines. "What rune are you?" Calla asked Zach, leaning over."Algiz. Means sedge apparently, but I've no idea what sedge means."Calla laughed. "I went with kaunaz for K, so I hope I'm in the right place.""Doesn't that mean ulcer?" Zach asked, and she nodded solemnly. "Sucks to be you.""It's not a direct translation," she said, pursing her lips and holding in a laugh. Zach shook his head."Alright, let's go with that then.""Oh, here it is!" Calla turned to see Susan slump into the desk next to her. "I couldn't find it anywhere. Swul, for sun.""Kaunaz," Calla replied. "Ulcer." Susan winced."Poor you."Once everyone had settled into their seats, Professor Babbling went around the class asking everyone what rune they'd gone to, to ensure everyone was in the right place. Isobel had the rune 'isa' for ice, Michael and Mandy both had 'mannaz' for man - which Professor Babbling explained was gender neutral in the case of Runes from that age, with the prefixes wyr and wif denoting men and women, respectively - Terry had 'teiwaz' which was the rune of the ancient god Tyr, Lisa had 'laguz' for water, Anthony and Arran both had 'ansuz' which meant god, Justin Finch-Fletchey had 'jera' which Babbling told them could mean both year and harvest depending on the context, and Wayne Hopkins used 'wunj' meaning joy."From this simple exercise," Professor Babbling told them, "we can see that Runes from larger, well-documented and translated societies can often be used and understood with ease. For this year's class we will use primarily Elder, Anglo-Saxon and Younger Futhark runes, however you all also ought to be aware of various other Runes and runic alphabets, as well as symbol used in magic. Irish Ogham script, for example, holds a lot of magical energy and power, however the Pictish Runes, while powerful, have only been translated to a very small and very uncertain extent, and have no Rosetta-stone type translation method as a lot of other alphabets do." Calla scribbled down the main points from that, making a note to look into Ogham script."In addition, many Runes have both literal and symbolic translations. 'Eihwaz', for example, literally means 'yew tree' but can also symbolise defense. Some, though few runes, also translate to create roughly the same energies as some magical spells, though it is very difficult to work with this for most wizards. We will in this class focus primarily on the theoretical study of runic translations rather than putting them into practice, however the understanding behind its relation to magic will prove very useful to other areas of Magical study."Calla smiled; something more theoretical she thought would suit her very well. Professor Babbling spoke for another ten or so minutes about the various methods of translation and the importance of primary multilingual documents and scripts in allowing for modern translation work, before she set them a task of perfecting their writing of Runes. "Runes require very precise lines," she explained. "There are thousands of Runes we use, and I don't expect you know every single one, but it is essential that you can perfect the primary alphabet we use. Once you have the alphabet down, I'd like you to start spelling your names. Please do this by phonetic translation - the letter 'a' is not always pronounced the same, so if you are uncertain about translation please only ask. You are here to learn, after all."Calla got to work quickly on trying to perfect her lines. Some Runes were definitely more difficult than others; while 'isa' was much the same as the Latin letter 'I' and was just a vertical line, the rune for 'p' had a lot of squiggly lines at the top and bottom, and she kept making the 'mannaz' rune uneven wen the lines crossed over. At the end of the lesson, though, she felt she was beginning to get the hang of it, even if it did feel a little like going back to primary school and learning her letters and numbers - it had taken her five year old self ages to learn how to write the number five the right way round."I didn't really mind that, actually," Daphne said cheerfully as they left the classroom."It is really interesting, isn't it?" Calla replied, swinging her bag excitedly and nearly skipping her way to the stairs as they headed back to Ravenclaw Tower to change before dinner.They got changed still chattering about the class - Sue, who was the only Ravenclaw in their year who hadn't elected to study Ancient Runes, seemed rather put out about it. Though they started a bit of the Potions essay before dinner, no one really felt much like doing it, and Calla set about unpacking her trunk instead.When they got down to dinner though, it was to see a very large cluster of Slytherins from their year all sitting deep in conversation. "What's going on there?" Padma asked Daphne, who shrugged."I don't know. I think Slytherin had Care Of Magical Creatures with Gryffindor earlier; I hope nothing happened." Calla turned around sharply to look at the Gryffindor Table, where Harry, Ron and Hermione were deep in conversation."It doesn't look great," Calla said."I'll ask Pansy after I've eaten," Daphne said, and Calla nodded."I think Harry and I are going to see Remus after dinner, anyway," Calla told them. "I'll ask him what happened then."They all ate rather quickly, and afterwards Padma headed back up to Ravenclaw Tower with Isobel, while Daphne sauntered over to sit with the Slytherins and Calla met Harry. "What happened in Care Of Magical Creatures?" she asked him as they set off towards the Defense Against the Dark Arts corridor. "We see all the Slytherins huddling together and thought there might have been some sort of incident.""Draco Malfoy got himself clawed by a hippogriff," Harry said gloomily, and Calla gasped."Oh no! How?""He didn't listen to instructions, of course. He insulted it and he got hurt, just like Hagrid warned him. But it'll be Hagrid that gets in trouble for it." He frowned. "We haven't seen him since.""I'm sure it'll be alright," Calla said, though she was worried too. "Surely if you all are witnesses.""Hopefully," said Harry gloomily as they reached Remus' office. Calla knocked gingerly and a moment later the door swung open.Remus smiled at them. "Ah, I was wondering when the two of you would arrive. Come in, come in." They followed him inside, and Calla stared around the room. It was filled of varying creatures in tanks and in cages, and even more in moving pictures. He had what looked like a globe spinning, but with massive brass rings around it. "I haven't quite unpacked yet," Remus said, "but Dumbledore's provided me with a lot of materials and equipment for teaching use. That's a Grindylow over there," he told them, pointing to the tank where a very strange creature sat, dozing."It's amazing," Calla told him, beaming as she and Harry sat down in two of the cozy armchairs by the fireplace. She tucked her bag in beside her."Do either of you want anything to drink? I've got tea and pumpkin juice.""I'm alright," Calla replied, and Harry agreed. Remus poured himself a glass of pumpkin juice and settled into the other armchair. "How did your classes go? I don't think Ravenclaw has Defense until Monday.""Oh, I think they went well enough," Remus said mildly. "I had a N.E.W.T. class today which was quite nice, though worryingly small. I don't think many of my predecessors were too efficient in preparing students for exams, so I'm going to have to revise how I look at subjects. For instance, what topics have you two covered so far?"Both Calla and Harry looked at each other blankly. "Um..." Calla started."Cornish pixies," Harry said, sounding very uncertainly. "Sort of. It was a disaster.""I can't really remember what Quirrell taught us, to be honest," said Calla, frowning. "He mentioned vampires a lot, though."Remus shook his head. "I see I have a lot to work around. No matter, a challenge is always fun. But enough of Defense, how did your new classes go today?"They glanced at each other a moment before launching into the story of that morning's Divination class. When they were finished with the story about the Grim, Remus appeared to have gone quite pale. "I thought it was just a dog," Calla said, "but I don't think the Grim necessarily is a bad omen, right? It doesn't mean Harry... I mean, omens are just omens. They're not definite, and they are really subjective." She's lost count of how many times he'd told herself that today."The two of you still ought to be careful," Remus said slowly, like he was weighing his words. "Calla, you know too, that Divination ought not to be taken lightly or to be dismissed.""Oh, I know, I know!" Calla assured him. "But I don't think we should panic, either.""It is weird, though," Harry said, frowning. "I keep seeing it everywhere, on the cover of the book about death omens, and on Magnolia Crescent-""Magnolia Crescent?" Remus asked sharply. He looked between them hastily. "What did you see on Magnolia Crescent?""It was this massive black dog we saw," Calla explained to him, watching his face nervously. "It was the night we'd run away after blowing up Aunt Marge, and we didn't know what to do. I went to go and pet it because it seemed like a stray and I wanted to see if there was anything to identify its owners, but then the Knight Bus came. It seemed lovely thoug, not like an omen of death." Remus had paled even further now; Calla stared at him. "What - what's wrong?""You ought to be more careful," Remus told her in a low voice. "Not all animals are harmless.""I know, but it was only a dog, and I knew it wasn't going to hurt me.""Both of you," Remus said, "promise me that if you see a dog like that again, you stay away. Yes?""But why? If it's not the Grim-""Promise me," Remus said firmly, and they both nodded hastily, though Calla was still awfully confused. "Thank you." Then he smiled briskly. "What about your other classes? Calla, you'll have had Ancient Runes, won't you? And Harry, you were in the Care Of Magical Creatures class with the Malfoy boy, weren't you?""Ancient Runes was fantastic!" Calla told Remus, beaming. "It was really interesting, Professor Babbling's so helpful and she told us about loads of different Runes and languages and alphabets, but she said that we'd be mainly using the Elder Futhark alphabet. It's really interesting, though, because everything has different translations. Like, they have direct translations, so the letter K translates to 'kaunaz' which is written like a sort of roof turned on its side. Like that." She traced it in the air with her finger. "But it also has a physical meaning, which is ulcer, and lots of them have symbolic meanings, so its is pain." She grimaced. "There isn't a direct counterpart to the letter C for Calla, so my phonetic translation is kaunaz."Remus laughed. "Well, I suppose it is very interesting anyway. You don't happen to know the translation for R, do you?""I think it's raith," she told him. "But I can't remember what I means. H is hagalaz, though, and it means hail."Harry didn't seem particularly impressed but he nodded along. "Did you hear about what happened in Hagrid's class, Remus?""Yes, I did. Madam Pomfrey asked me to help her care for the wound - I used to help her out sometimes when I was at Hogwarts - but I think he'll be alright. It's Hagrid I'm worried for. He seems awfully upset about the whole ordeal.""Will he get in trouble?" Calla asked anxiously."It's not his fault! Malfoy didn't listen and we were all told exactly what to do!""I'm sure you were," Remus said calmly. "But I'm afraid Lucius Malfoy may not see things that way, and he does still hold a considerable amount of influence at the Ministry of Magic.""It's rubbish," Calla muttered."I quite agree," Remus told her. "But unfortunately it is the way things are. What we must do is support Hagrid, yes? We ought to help him to defend Buckbeak; and I doubt Dumbledore will allow him to lose his position. The appointment of teachers is his power, not the Ministry's.""That's good, at least," Harry said. He fidgeted and then asked, "Uncle Remus, I was wondering. No one else seemed to have fainted on the train yesterday." Uncle Remus' face fell slightly. "I was wondering... Do you know why that might be?"Calla didn't want to think about the Dementors any longer - whenever she did she just felt cold and sick and horrible - but it seemed like Harry was determined to discuss the matter. "Neither Of you should be ashamed of it," Remus told them gently. "Dementors tend to prey on people's worst memories; and I think we can all agree that you two have been through a lot more than most children your age.""But that doesn't mean we should faint," Harry said. "And no one else did!""Harry," Remus said, "what you must understand is that it is not your fault, nor your weakness. On the contrary, the two of you are incredibly strong people to have gone through what you have." He smiled at them, and clapped a hand on both their shoulders. "And I am proud of the two of you. You are not weak."But the rest of the night Calla still couldn't shake the undeniable fact that she was. In many ways that Harry wasn't, more than just fainting due to Dementors, her magic was weak, too. When it was time to leave before curfew ended, she hung back a moment and asked Remus, "Why am I so bad at magic?" He blinked. "I know you say not to think of ourselves as weak because of the Dementors, but I... I think we both know I'm not very good at magic. Harry is, he's brilliant, but I'm-""You're an amazing witch," Remus said."No I'm not," she replied, the back of her eyes stinging. "I know I'm not but, I just want to know why. Because Harry's Harry and everyone always says Mum and Dad were great but I'm... I'm not. I'm not as good, I'm not good at all.""This isn't the time to worry," Remus told her gently, hand warm on her shoulder. "You're only thirteen, Calla.""Yes, But- So's Harry." There was a lump in her throat as she spoke. "When the Dementors came, I felt like I had when I was in the Chamber of Secrets. Like I was so weak and I couldn't do anything.""You saved Ginny Weasley's life last year," Remus said. "And you didn't do that with a magic you were born with, but with your own intelligence, and your persistence and your bravery and quick-thinking. That's a sort of strength that sets you apart, Calla. You are by no means weak." Then unexpectedly he hugged her and she tried not to cry. "You need to believe in yourself.""I'm trying.""I know. And there are many things you can learn, too, if you are worried about magic - though you don't need to be. You're a smart girl, Calla.""Thanks," she said, wiping her eyes. Remus handed her some tissues and chocolate."You know, I did rather enjoy Divination when I was your age, though I wasn't particularly good at it. That was before Trelawney taught it of course. It takes a very gifted witch to have the Sight.""Yeah, well, I think that's about my only gift.""Now, why would you say that?" Remus asked sternly. "You have a great many gifts, Calla.""You have to say that, you're my godfather.""I say it because it's true," Remus told her.Calla nodded, picking up her bag. "Thanks," she said quietly. "I'm going to get back to the dormitory before I end up breaking curfew.""Do you know the shortcut by-""By the tapestry of the Warlock Convention Of 1652?" She nodded and Remus smiled at her. "It's really useful.""Yes, I always found that it was. Well, sleep well then.""I'll have to do this Potions essay when I get back, too," Calla said. "Snape's getting us to write an essay about how badly we all did in class today." She shook her head. "I swear he's getting meaner. Was he always like that?"Remus just laughed. "Get some sleep, Calla. I'll see you tomorrow."Author's Note: Happy New Year, all! And it's a new year for Calla too; I'm really excited to write this section as Prisoner of Azkaban is actually my favourite Harry Potter book (though it's followed very closely by the Half-Blood Prince). I hope you all enjoy!

Calla's Care of Magical Creatures class had ended up being cancelled for the week after the Buckbeak debacle, and so they had a free period when they ought to have been in class. As far as Calla knew, Malfoy was still whining and milking it in the Hospital Wing, and Daphne kept talking about it. She seemed quite torn on whose side to take, though Padma insisted Hagrid was in the right. Calla had decided not to join them in the common room after their Ancient Runes class, instead taking a leaf out of Hermione's book and heading up to the library.After saying a quick hello to Zach and Susan, and waving at Luna Lovegood, she headed to Madam Prince's desk and stood on her tiptoes. The library looked down at her from behind narrow spectacles. "Yes?" she said snappily."Good afternoon, Madam Pince," Calla said politely. "Sorry to trouble you, I was just wondering if you could point me in the direction of any books on Magical theory, specifically how magic manifests or fails to manifest itself."Madam Pince narrowed her eyes and Calla lost a bit of her bottle. Eventually, seemingly after deciding that Calla wasn't planning on destroying any of the books she'd requested, Madam Pince nodded her head to a far corner of the library. "We have a collection of books on the subject," she said in a tight voice. "I'd recommend 'Magical Manifestations' by Ethel Daye to begin with.""Thank you," Calla said cheerfully, slipping off in the direction Madam Pince had signified. She looked through the shelves and finally found 'Magical Manifestations' along with copies of 'Magic for Dummies' and 'The Inner Workings of the Magical Mind' all of which sounded fascinating and at least semi-helpful.Her eyes found an empty table nearby and she headed for it, but not before she was stopped by Michael, Anthony, and Terry appearing seemingly out of nowhere to stop her. She gave a small squeak of surprise and fumbled for the books, not wanting to drop any and earn Pince's eternal wrath. "Hey, Calla!" Michael said with a warm smile that was almost too warm, and very unexpected."Hello," Calla said awkwardly, keeping an eye on the empty table. The three boys before her looked at each other expectantly. "Is everything okay?" she asked slowly, glancing between the three of them"We wanted to know if you wanted to sit with us," Michael said easily. "We don't know what to write for this Potions essay, considering we pretty much all just did it wrong.""Right." She contemplated it for a moment, and pursed her lips. "Sorry, maybe another time, but I think I've got something I need to study on my own." The boys' faces fell. "But if you need a hand I can totally help you later.""Thanks, then," Anthony said. Terry whispered something to him furiously and he put on a shaky smile that had Calla entirely confused at him. "Good luck with whatever it is you're studying."And the three of them disappeared behind the shelves leaving Calla standing utterly confused by the entire situation. She took a seat at the table, which was thankfully still empty, and pulled out a new notebook and pen. No one at Hogwarts really used pens, which she didn't understand at all considering the proportion of Muggle borns, but perhaps most only did work for classes. This was for herself, and no one need see what she was studying but her.Deciding to heed Madam Pince's advice, she started with 'Magical Manifestations', taking notes on parts she thought were relevant. The introduction was long and meandering, with the general gist being that magic presented itself in different ways for different people and could manifest itself in many different forms.The most common was spell magic with an item to channel it through, such as a wand, but rune magic also worked by placing power within the rune itself. Seeing was a completely different area of magic, focused not on incantation and physical changes but on the mind and mental magic, working in the abstract, much like Occlumency. She wrote down a few examples of seers throughout history - Cassandra, Vina Saxon, Myrna Raon - and of some people who worked with runes. It seemed Runes had gone largely out of fashion in the magical world, since they operated very differently to the wand channeling spells that the Wizarding world had become accustomed to, but as Babbling had said they did have a lot of magical translations to physically channeled spells.Potions and Herbology, she learned, also worked with a different set of rules to the likes of Charms, but still required magical power in order to energise and bring out the properties of the ingredients and plants.When she glanced up at the clock next, it was to see that it was almost eleven o'clock and time for her next class. Wishing she'd had more time, Calla hastily checked out the three books and stuffed them into her bag, taking off down the stairs to Transfiguration class; it wouldn't do to be late for Professor McGonagall.They were studying animal transformations today, and as an example Professor McGonagall transformed into a cat and back again, earning applause from everyone. "I want to be able to do that some day," Padma told her. "McGonagall's amazing, isn't she?""She seriously is," Calla agreed, looking at their Professor in awe. Considering how difficult she now knew even simple Transfiguration to be, turning oneself into an animal - or becoming an Animagus, as McGonagall told them it was called - must be quite an impossible feat. She was, actually, quite cool.At lunch, Calla noticed Malfoy returning to the Slytherin table to a great applause and many sympathetic looks from his fellow students. "He's milking it for all he can," Daphne muttered to Calla and Padma when she returned from sitting with them. "And Pansy's fawning over him. She has a crush, but it's a bit disgusting now." She rolled her eyes. "Actually, it's kind of always disgusting. I'm sure Herbology's going to be awful - Izzy, we need to go in a group of four with you." Isobel blinked in surprise but nodded anyway before she returned to her cheese sandwich. "I'm not dealing with them," she added in a low voice."Well, I suppose we can be your last resort," Padma said huffily."Don't be like that," Daphne said, knocking into her shoulder. "You guys are always my first choice; I just don't want to be dragged into joining them.""Mhmm." Padma had another bite of her sandwich. "Fine, then.""Potter," Lisa called down the table, holding up the Daily Prophet. "Have you seen this?"Calla frowned, but couldn't read the headline - she'd have to get her eyes tested next time she was back at Privet Drive - so Lisa tossed it down the table to Daphne. "Black's been sighted," Daphne whispered, and both Padma and Isobel gasped."Where?" Calla asked, looking sharply over Daphne's shoulder."Dufftown," Daphne said, and glanced at Isobel. "That's not far from here, is it?"Calla's heart picked up. He was nearby, and that meant he might very well be headed for them right now. She shivered, and glanced up at the enchanted ceiling. It was cloudy, unusually so. "They'll catch him, though," Padma said, in a voice that clearly tried to be reassuring but didn't quite manage it. "I'm sure of it, Calla. Come on, we should get to Herbology; that ought to take your mind off of things."Herbology, though, did not prove to be much fun. Professor Sprout had them potting some puffapods as revision from last year, and Draco Malfoy, despite being on the other end of the classroom, complained about his arm loudly enough for all of them to hear. "Oh, it hurts ever so much," he said to Pansy Parkinson, who cooked over him. "I don't know how I can possibly pot these Puffapods.""It's your left arm not your right that's injured, Mr Malfoy," Sprout said as she passed him. "I'm sure you can give it a go."Malfoy scowled at that, and Calla hid her grin. "What a drama queen," Padma muttered. "Has he always been so annoying?""I think we all know the answer to that," Calla replied, and Daphne sighed."I know he's a nuisance, but he can be decent. At the moment he's just...""A pain in the arse," Isobel offered."I wouldn't be so rude," Daphne said, "but essentially, yes.""Professor," Malfoy said weakly, holding his arm limply, "I really don't think I can manage."Professor Sprout pursed her lips. "Fine, Mr Malfoy. You can write me an essay on puffapods' properties with your good arm instead."Malfoy was still scowling as they left the classroom. "Just you wait," He was muttering to Parkinson, "I'll see that oaf Hagrid dealt with.""That's why you're doing all of this, are you, then?" Padma asked. "To get Hagrid in trouble? You're horrible, Draco Malfoy.""Ooh, worried about him are we, Patil? You off to join your hairy friends now?""Shut your mouth, Malfoy," Calla snapped, taking Padma's arm. "And quit your whining, it's doing all of our heads in.""Ah, Potter," Malfoy drawled. "Don't tell me you're going to faint again. Or be sick." Calla's cheeks flushed hot at the memory of that fateful Herbology class away back in first year. "What, Potter? Can't speak? Dementor got your tongue?"Parkinson cackled and Daphne huffed. "Knock it off, Draco," she muttered. "You're being ridiculous about it now.""Now?" Padma muttered."Daphne, you have to understand Draco's struggle at the moment," Pansy said imploringly. "His arm may never be the same again.""It's just a scratch," Padma sniped. "He'll get over it I'm sure." She turned to the others. "Come on, you three. Let's leave him to his whining, no good can come out of it."They all turned away, marching off, until Malfoy called after them, "Potter! Don't let the Dementors get to you and faint again; I'd hate for you to fall and have to break something too."Calla was caught between turning to yell at Malfoy and just marching up to the castle; she went for the letter, eyes stinging, which she said was due to the harshness of the cold wind. "We should go and see Hagrid," she said. "I want to speak to him and make sure he's alright. Malfoy can't get him kicked out, I won't let him!"She stalked towards Hagrid's hut, veering to the left, with the other three following her at a quick pace. Her robes snapped around her legs and she rapped quickly on his door. "Hagrid? Hagrid, it's Calla! Can I come in?"There was an awful lot of loud shuffling and snuffling behind the door and then it was wrenched open. "You oughtn't be wandering out here on your own, Calla," he said, "not at this time.""I'm not on my own," she said, gesturing to the three girls gathered behind her. "And it's still light, I'll go back to the castle soon, but I wanted to see you. We heard what happened.""Aye, I suppose you will have. Well, come in then, but I'll walk you back up myself."They crowded into the little room; there were a great number of massive hankies lying out on the table. Isobel frowned, looking around. "An' who's this?" Hagrid asked, looking at her."Isobel McDougal, sir," Isobel said, nodding her head. "I've been really looking forward to Care of Magical Creatures, it sounds really fascinating! I'm awfully sorry to hear about what Malfoy did, it seems so unfair, but I know they can't get rid of you!""Dumbledore says he won't let them," Hagrid said and blew his nose. "Great man, Dumbledore, great man... It's Buckbeak they're going for.""Buckbeak?""My hippogriff." Hagrid shook his head, tears soaking into his beard. "He's a good boy, really. But Malfoy got himself hurt, and the board of governors won't see it that way. They say - they say he could-"But it seemed Hagrid could say nothing more. "Oh, Hagrid," Calla sighed, rushing to hug him tightly. "I'm so sorry. It's alright, don't - don't cry." A fat tear had fallen onto her shoulder. "We'll help you, we'll clear Buckbeak's name!""You're very kind, Calla," Hagrid mumbled. "Your brother and his friends said just the same thing.""Well that's good!" Padma said, smiling. "If all of us work together I'm sure we can get Buckbeak cleared!""I hope so, Padma," Hagrid said tearily. "Beaky doesn't deserve all this." He sighed, shaking his head. "You should all get going back to the castle for dinner," Hagrid said, clapping Calla on the shoulder with enough force to almost knock her over. "Come on, then, with me. You oughtn't be out without an adult, not with Sirius Black running about. It ain't safe, not for neither of you."XxCalla spent much of that weekend reading the books she'd checked out of the Hogwarts library- after finishing 'Little Women', of course - and working on the essay Snape had set them. She supposed it was helpful, because she now knew the recipe for Antidote to Common Poisons better than ever, but it was also incredibly dull. Her optional readings were much better, though.According to Ethel Daye in 'Magical Manifestations' magic could manifest itself in drawn Runes as well as in verbal spells. A visit to Professor Babbling had confirmed this. "It is incredibly tricky work, though," she warned. "It's not even introduced in the curriculum until fifth year, and even in the N.E.W.T.s it is far from expected of students. The theory of the significance of Runes in the magical world and practices is much more important.""Can you do it, though, Professor?" Calla had asked, and Babbling had nodded."Watch." Calla stood over the desk as Professor Babbling drew a complicated looking Rune on a piece of parchment, in a special deep violet ink, and pressed her hand to it once it had dried. She seemed to be thinking long and hard; and then she withdrew her hand and the parchment burst into flame. Calla stared at it, holding her breath as the flames licked the air. "It is very difficult. It requires great will of character and intent, and pulls on different areas of magical strength than wandwork does.""It's amazing, though," Calla said, and Professor Babbling smiled."Well, I'm glad you think so, Miss Potter. I personally think Runes are never appreciated enough."She'd spent the rest of the weekend thinking about Runes after that, but when Monday came around it brought a new excitement; her first Defense Against the Dark Arts class with Remus as her teacher. Harry, and everyone else she'd spoken to, had had nothing but praise for his lessons. He'd taught the Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs about Boggarts, and though Harry hadn't gotten a chance to fight it (which he confessed to Calla he was a bit annoyed about) most of the others had. She hoped she'd at least get the chance, even if she probably wouldn't be able to do the spell right.After Charms with Gryffindor, Calla and her friends went to Defense as quickly as they could, everyone incredibly eager to meet the new professor and see what he would have them do. "Do you think he'll do the boggart with us?" Terry was asking."I hope so," Isobel said. "They sounds really interesting.""I wish I'd gotten to see Snape dressed in Longbottom's gran's clothes," Daphne told them, giggling. Professor Snape was still glaring at everyone everywhere he went, looking like even more of a bat than usual.At that moment, Remus stepped out of his classroom, beaming. He caught Calla's eye and she gave him a thumbs up and a grin before he spoke. "We'll be going to the staff room today. Some of you might have heard about the lesson I held with the other half of your year group, and I intend to do the same today. Tell me, do any of you know about Boggarts?"Naturally, every Ravenclaw's and some of the Slytherins' - barring Malfoy, Parkinson, Crabbe And Goyle - hands shot up into the air. "Yes, Miss..." He nodded to Lisa."Turpin, sir. I know that they turn into your worst fear, but you can sort of control the form they take. They're defeated by laughter and the spell ridiculous.""Correct, Miss Turpin. Five points to Ravenclaw." Remus said. "Did you all get that? Good. Follow me, now, to the staff room.""What do you think it'll turn into?" Padma whispered as they passed through the corridors. Calla wasn't really sure she wanted to know, much as she wanted to have the chance to fight it. What if turned into Voldemort? She wasn't sure she'd be able to fight it, but then, she felt like she had to. What had Remus said about her needing to believe in herself? She wasn't weak, she told herself, even though it felt like a lie."Right then," Remus said, holding the door to the staff room open for them as they filed in anxiously. He looked around the crowd, eyes landing on Daphne by Calla's side. "Miss Greengrass, would you be so kind as to step forward?"Daphne, however, had gone very pale. "I - I don't think I want to start," she said glancing around. "Maybe someone else should go.""Are you sure? I'm sure you would do very well.""It's not that," Daphne said quickly, shaking her head. "I - I don't want to see it."Parkinson made a muffled sound and Calla whipped around sharply to glare at her. "Alright then," Remus said gently. "How about you? Is it Miss Davis?" He was looking now at Tracey Davis, a short Slytherin girl."Yes," Tracey said, nodding in surprise. "You - do you want me to go?""If you will," Remus said pleasantly.Tracey stepped forward, looking a little flushed, and her friend Lily Moon beamed. They were the two that didn't speak to the rest of the Slytherins so much, except Millicent Bullstrode on occasion. "Now," Remus was saying, and everyone paid him rapt attention, "when I open this wardrobe, a boggart is going to jump at you. It will take the form of your greatest fear. Now, Miss Davis, what do you think that boggart will turn into?""I - maybe a dragon, I think."Remus chuckled. "Well, that would certainly be a fearsome form for it to take."Tracey chuckled. "I suppose.""Now, what can you think of to make that dragon less terrifying, even funny?""Well, if it didn't exist, for a start," Tracey said, and everybody laughed. "But I suppose, if something came out that wasn't fire." She chuckled weakly. "What about confetti?""Confetti would be fantastic!" Remus told her, beaming. "Now, Tracey, when the dragon comes out I want you to imagine that image very clearly, can you do that for me?" Tracey nodded, jaw set in determination. "And then I want you to saw very clearly and loudly, riddikulus! Can we all practice that, now, I want as many people to have a turn as possible. Altogether:""Riddikulus!" They all shouted in unison."Very good," Remus said, smiling. "Can I get you all to line up behind Tracey for me?" They all shuffled into a line, Crabbe and Goyle elbowing Michael and Terry out of their way. Daphne, Calla noted, hung back. "Are you ready?" They all nodded, gripping their wands tightly. "Here we go!"Remus opened the wardrobe door and a humongous green dragon burst out. It roared fire and the line scattered, and Tracey ducked out of its way. She held her wand up, eyes wide and terrified. "R-ridikulus!" she shouted. The dragon blew out another burst of flame. "Ridikulus!" she yelled again, and then with a crack the dragon shrank back, turning bright pink, and when it tried to belch out flames all that came out was some purple confetti. Everybody cheered, and Lily hugged a beaming Tracey as they got back into line."Alright, now," Remus called. "Very well done, Tracey. Mr Corner, next!"Michael jumped forward and the boggart transformed into a massive black dog that ran at him. He jumped back, but then yelled, "Riddikulus!" and it turned into a little puppy with a pink bow around it, that ran around a bit before it slumped down into a little pile."Good, very good. Miss Patil, now!"Padma stepped forward, and Calla could tell her hands were shaking around her wand. With a crack, the boggart turned into a pale, tall vampire with blood running down its chin. She whimpered, going pale. "Come on, Padma!" Isobel cheered, and she nodded, looking to Calla nervously."Riddikulus!" The boggart snapped into a little bat that very oddly resembled Snape, and it flapped about, making very high pitched and honestly kind of cute noises as it did so."Fantastic, Padma! Miss Moon, you next!"Lily Moon transformed the boggart from a massive snake into a Muggle child's rainbow slinky; Crabbe's went from a menacing troll to one dressed for the ballet; Goyle's boggart turned from a massive ball of fire into a shiny Christmas tree bauble; Lisa's went from a very cross Professor McGonagall to her very cute cat form; Izzy's turned from raging sea that rushed towards her, into a frozen lake with a very big tree sticking out of it; Terry's turned to a burning building and then to a massive gingerbread house; and then it was Calla's turn.But just as she stepped up, feeling like she was going to be sick, she paused. There was a crack and the boggart turned into not Lord Voldemort, but Tom Riddle. She stared at it, legs turning shaky as she felt herself draining of energy. Her heart pounded louder and louder in her ears, yet it seemed to get weaker at the same time; she struggled to catch her breath, head pounding. She stepped back, nearly tripping over, but forced herself to bring her wand up and point it at Tom Riddle. But she couldn't think of anything to make it less terrifying. "Riddikulus!" she yelled as loud as she could, but with no other image she didn't have something for it to turn into, and she wasn't sure she'd even spoken as loud as she needed to. "Riddikulus!"She glanced to her godfather and he jumped in, as the boggart's form changed. She tried not to gasp at it, as it transformed into a pale silver orb hangin in the air; the full moon. "Riddikulus!" he shouted, and it turned into a children's rattle that fell into the palm of his hand. He forced it back into the wardrobe and locked it, rattling fiercely, behind him."Very well done, everybody," he said, beaming. Calla stared at him; she hadn't done well at all. "I think we'll call it a day there. Miss Greengrass, if I could see you a moment?"Calla made to say something to Remus, but she didn't have anything she felt she could say. Her cheeks flared hot and she turned around, takin her bag from where it lay on the floor, and left the classroom as quickly as she could, heart hammering.Anthony called from behind her, "Calla, are you alright?" but she ignored him and ducked into a cool alcove, panting as she fought to get her senses back. Her legs were still trembling and she sank down to the floor, putting her forehead against her knees and trying to catch her breath.She heard Isobel's muffled voice ask, "Where did she go?" and Padma's reply, "She's probably in Ravenclaw Tower or gone to the Great Hall for lunch. If she isn't we'll come back and look for her.""Do you think she's alright?" Isobel asked, voice already fading down the corridor."Of course," said Malfoy's voice a moment later, "I couldn't possibly be expected to cast a spell on a boggart with my injuries.""You would have done far better than Potter, at least," Parkinson said, laughing as they passed. Calla curled her knees closer to her chest, feeling a nauseous lump in her throat. "Did you see her? The spell didn't work at all! Though I don't know who..."They trailed off too. Calla waited until every voice had faded before she considered standing up, but she found herself sitting there longer still, letting herself cry a bit. Maybe it was stupid to cry; not everyone had been had a go, surely she wouldn't have been the only one not to succeed, if everyone had had a turn.But everything she thought just seemed to make her more upset. She tried to calm herself down but that kept getting her more worked up because, she couldn't, she just couldn't, and she held her knees tightly to her chest and rocked back and forth and shuddered inwards, fighting for her breath as that image of Tom Riddle repeated itself over and over in her mind, as she felt again that cold chill of the Dementors, that feeling of powerlessness. She tried shakily to stumble to her feet, gripping the space between the stones as tightly as she could, trying to stop her crying.Blearily, through half-fallen tears, she looked down at her blurry watch face, seeing it was almost time for History of Magic. She knew she had to go, and she couldn't bring herself to think what everyone would say about her if she had to miss class because she was upset she couldn't fight a stupid boggart, but she still had to take a moment to collect herself before she could leave; even then she felt like she was about to fall apart, and she was shaking on her way to the Great Hall. She took a ham roll from the stack and ate a few bites of it before she felt like she was going to be sick."What happened to you?" Padma whispered. "We couldn't find you after class.""I just had to go and look something up in the library," she said rushedly. Padma frowned."Are you alright?""Yeah! Yeah, I'm fine, I just had to run a bit because I ran out of time but I needed to get lunch. I'm fine!"Her ham roll tasted like sawdust in her mouth but she was sure Padma would just worry more if she didn't eat it. "You don't really sound alright, Calla...""I am," she insisted, hands shaking around the roll. "Don't worry, seriously." She forced a smile. "Come on, we're almost late for History of Magic. Where's Daphne?""She's gone back to Ravenclaw Tower with Isobel to get her textbook," Padma said. "They'll meet us there.""Cool," Calla said through the lump in her throat, walking with her. Her eyes were still burning, and she felt tears well up, blurring her sight - she wiped them away hastily, before Padma could see. She'd always hated crying in public; Aunt Petunia always told her she was making a scene, and she always got in trouble for that."Calla!" Harry called over as they approached History. "How did Defence Against the Dark Arts go?""Fine," she said shortly, and swept inside the classroom, sitting by the wall so that only Padma was beside her. She slumped into her hand and forced herself to listen to Binns' lecture because she knew if she didn't have anything to distract herself with she would just cry, and in front of everyone. It still didn't work very well; most of her notes wound up useless because teardrops would drop randomly onto the parchment at any given moment, and they'd cause the ink to run.She'd never been more grateful for a lesson to end so that she could run back to Ravenclaw Tower and curl up with Matilda in her arms. When the other girls came in they just gave her nervous looks and disappeared; Lisa had whispered something to Mandy about how they should tell Daphne, but Mandy had shaken her head, saying Calla would probably want to be left alone. And she thought she would, but she didn't really know.She just wanted to be better than she was. But she couldn't be, and she was useless and everyone had seen just how useless she was and it was only a matter of time before that got her - and even Harry - in real danger. "What am I going to do, Matilda?" she whispered, leaning her cheek on the kitten's soft fur. Matilda just mewed in response. It wasn't long before Moony showed up too, hooting as he flew in through the window and landed on Calla's shoulder. Somehow it was comforting. "Thanks," she whispered to the owl, who nipped her ear a little too hard and made tears spring to her eyes for an entirely different reason.She swallowed the lump in her throat as Daphne came in, taking her hand firmly. "Come on, you," she said. "I'm not letting you cry up here on your own.""Well, you should.""You wouldn't let me," Daphne pointed out. "We can stay here if you want, but I think we both need dinner. And apparently there's chocolate cake, and I know you're not going to just not have chocolate cake when you have the option to have it."Calla chuckled weakly, and Moony gave a hoot like he agreed with Daphne. "I can't believe you.""It's not a bad thing, you know," Daphne told her. "At least you could face your boggart.""Yeah, and then I couldn't do anything about it, Daphne!" Calla retorted, feeling fresh tears. "I was useless!""And So was I! So are most people! And you're not going to be useless, are you? Cause when it comes down to it, we all know you're brilliant.""I'm not," she whispered. "It was a fluke. I was going to die in that chamber, Daphne. You don't understand, how - how that affected me, how that boggart affected me and how the Dementors do too. I felt hopeless. Weak. I couldn't fight. I can't, Daphne!" Daphne looked at her for a long moment before she spoke. "Well, we're going to do something about that then. Because you are so not weak, Calla. You just need to practice with the boggart. And I've spoken to Professor Lupin because I didn't want to face it in front of everyone, and I didn't want to see it." She took a shaky breath and clasped Calla's hands tighter. "But I will if you do, yeah?"Calla swallowed that lump in her throat and nodded through her tears. She wiped her flaming cheeks and tried to smile at Daphne as she stood up. Matilda curled up on the bed and licked her hand affectionately. With a hoot, Moony flew off to his perch, and steadying her breath, Calla went with Daphne to dinner.Author's Note: Hi! Me again! Just wanted to let my readers know that I'm currently in the process of going back through and editing some of the earlier chapters to reflect more of the newer developments to plot and how I see this panning out, as well as to improve the actual writing quality. So if you notice any changes, that's why; just wanted to avoid confusion. I hope you guys enjoy this new chapter! The Winter holidays have been very good to me in terms of allowing for writing time, and I think at the rate I'm going (with chapter fifty almost finished) I could have the rest of third year finished by the end of January, which is pretty exciting. This part seems to have flown by. I hope you're all still enjoying and that those of you who have had holidays recently over the festive period have had a great time! And also thanks again for all the reviews, they really do motivate me to continue and I'm super grateful for all your support! Bye for now!

"Remus," Harry asked over a cup of tea, "why wouldn't you let me fight that Boggart?"Remus stilled, setting his tea down. He looked like he was deliberating very carefully over his words. "Harry," he began carefully, "I thought that if you were to fight the Boggart, it would take the form of Lord Voldemort. And I think you could see why I wouldn't like that in the classroom.""No," Harry said. "I suppose not. But I don't think it would have become Voldemort.""No?""Well, I mean, that's who I thought of at first. But then I remembered the Dementor on the train...""I see," Remus said, frowning at him. "Needless to say, I imagine that would have scared a fair few people, too."Harry nodded. There was a question he wanted to ask, but wasn't totally sure how. "Remus, did you let Calla fight it?"With a sigh, Remus nodded. "I did. I believe her Boggart assumes the form not of Lord Voldemort, but of his younger self. Tom Riddle."Harry's stomach fell. Not just because of who Calla's Boggart turned into - it made perfect sense - but that Remus had thought she could handle what Harry couldn't. Or maybe because he knew that her Boggart wouldn't be Voldemort;. He looked at him. "Why did you let her fight it and not me?"Remus sighed. "I had recently spoken to Calla about some of her worries about not being... Magically gifted or strong enough. I thought that it was best to let her try and prove to herself that she could. But I fear I've now done more harm than good. Your sister didn't manage to get rid of the Boggart."Oh. "I - she didn't say." But she had seemed upset, he thought, in History of Magic. He ought to have realised.Shaking his head, Remus stood up. "I don't suppose she would have. I have a feeling your sister struggles with more than she wants to let on." He smiled wanly. "You ought to get going back to Gryffindor Tower before you have Mr Filch looking for you.""Right," Harry said, getting up. He took his bag and downed the last of his tea to be polite. "I'll see you later, Remus."XxIn the evening after the Boggart class, Calla hadn't felt up to speaking to her godfather, though she knew that Harry had gone to see him. The next day, though, she knew she had to talk to him about what had happened, even if she was scared what he thought of her. She was the only one in the class who hadn't managed to fight her Boggart, after all, and afterwards she thought she'd been ridiculously upset by it, much more than she really ought to have been."Uncle Remus?" she asked as she knocked on the door. It took a long moment, during which Calla considered turning and running away so she wouldn't hear what he had to say, before he opened the door."Calla," he said, smiling just as warmly as he always did. "How are you feeling? Harry told me you were upset after our class yesterday."Of course he did. She stepped inside, closing the door. "I'm really sorry," she told him in a rush."Sorry?" Remus frowned at her, confused. "Whatever do you have to be sorry for, Calla?""I was rubbish in your class yesterday," she said, the words spilling from her. "And I was the only who couldn't fight the Boggart, and you had to jump in because I was that bad, and just after you'd said that I wasn't a bad witch, but... But I didn't prove that right! And I'm really sorry, because I know I must have disappointed you-""Disappointed me?" Remus shook his head. "Calla, you never disappoint me." He sighed at her, and she looked back nervously, stomach churning. "Sit down, come on." He guided her to an armchair by the fire. "Why would you think I'm disappointed?""Because I couldn't do it," she whispered. "I was - I was useless.""You know your brother didn't fight the Boggart, either.""Yeah, because you jumped in front of him before he could try. He probably would've been able to. He's Harry. But I couldn't, and everyone saw!""And you're upset everyone saw?" She nodded, cheeks flaming. "I understand, Calla. But you still did fantastically. You said the spell right-""It didn't work-""You still held your own. And, Calla, none of your classmates' Boggarts became people who had almost killed them a few months ago." Calla shuddered at the memory, eyes stinging. "I'm sorry, I don't say that to scare you. But you coped very well in facin it in the first place, Calla. And for that, I am proud of you.""I couldn't imagine the Boggart as being anything else," Calla told him in a whisper. "It was like it was stuck, and my - my mind was stuck.""You were scared. That's nothing to be ashamed of. Your Boggart was still a very real threat to you, Calla. It would make sense for you to not be able to see it in a more humorous light.""But I still have to be able to," she said. "Don't I? And it'll be on the exam and I - I don't want to fail again!""I'm sure you won't fail, Calla.""Well you have to say that, though!"Remus looked at her for a long moment. "You'll have other chances to practice with the Boggart. I'm sure Daphne's said to you by now that I offered for her to practice privately instead of in front of the rest of the class." Calla nodded tearily."I still won't be able to do it.""You won't know until you try," Remus said calmly. "And believing you can fight it is half of the battle."XxIt seemed over the next few weeks that there was barely anyone in the castle who didn't think Uncle Remus was an amazing teacher. The only ones Calla had heard say a bad word against him were Malfoy, Parkinson, Crabbe and Goyle, though after Daphne had a very strong word with Malfoy about him saying Remus dressed like his old house elf, even they had quietened down a bit. Daphne hadn't spoken to them so much, Calla had noted, and though she wasn't entirely sure what the reason for this was, Daphne did seem quite secure in her choice.Care of Magical Creatures, on the other hand, had been a lot less interesting. After the incident in Harry's class, Hagrid hadn't even introduced hippogriffs to the other third years; instead, all of them had been dealing with looking after flobberworms, which were utterly boring, green wormy creatures that seemed to do nothing but eat lettuce and (once) do the toilet on a disgusted Michael's Corner's hand."They're so dull," Daphne whined after every class. "I don't see why we have to look after them; who would want to?""They are quite interesting, though," Isobel kept arguing to everyone, though no one agreed. "And cute.""I would definitely not call them cute," Michael had said disgustedly, still mourning his once-pure hand. "Not when they pee all over you.""They're animals, Michael," Isobel had told him tiredly. "That's what they do."Divination, though, was becoming ever more interesting. Although Harry seemed to hate it - and with Trelawney's predictions, she couldn't really blame him - Calla was fascinated by the various ways that omens could be interpreted. The only downside was the dizziness she usually felt in the classroom, with its perfumed smoke that seemed designed to try and draw out visions. She'd had various during classes, but had become better at hiding them. One had shown her the upcoming Quidditch match which was meant to be between Gryffindor and Slytherin; and though it was cloudy, Harry had beaten Draco Malfoy spectacularly to get the snitch, and the crowd had gone wild. She couldn't wait to see it in person and celebrate along with everyone; she knew Harry and the Gryffindor team had been training almost every night of the week to win. There was another that concerned her, though; the sight of the Fat Lady, the portrait that guarded the entrance to the Gryffindor Common Room, screaming and running away, and her picture slashed open. Professor Trelawney told her that the first vision represented a coming victory of friendship and the second represented a fear of confrontation that would need to be overcome. Calla worried it was more simple than that; Sirius Black would have plenty of motive to destroy the Fat Lady's portrait of he tried to get into Gryffindor Tower.Every Monday evening, too, Calla would climb the stairs to North Tower on her own to be taught in person by Professor Trelawney. Aside from the tea leaves she studied in class, Professor Trelawney had her moving onto fire omens early. "I sense flames in your past and in your future," she had said, "you are a girl of passion, my dear."Calla wasn't totally sure what that meant, but at least Trelawney wasn't predicting her death, so she worked away at watching the fireplace for images that shifted in the flames. Too many times, she'd seen a dog - she refused to believe it had to be the Grim - and a wolf, running along atop the burning logs. The wolf she thought had to be Remus, though she didn't mention that interpretation to Professor Trelawney. But more than once she'd seen other animals running along the fire - a rat and a stag mostly, but also what seemed to be a crow, and a sort of pegasus like creature (after a discussion with Harry, she thought that might be Buckbeak the hippogriff).Fire omens, unlike omens from tea leaves, tended to deal with separate futures and symbols of themes rather than events. While a rat in a teacup may herald an illness coming soon, rats in fire omens were generally perceived as bad luck in general. Wolves on the other hand were omens of loyalty and close relationships, and dogs meant that there would be new friendship. Crows were omens of death which was not as positive, but Trelawney had told Calla to count her crows first. During that session, she had found seven flying around in the flames; that didn't mean death, but secrets. Apparently, crows were very important in Divination and had their entrails been used for centuries to create prophecy, but Calla really did not want to try that method out.The omen she was most interested in, though, was the Stag. According to Trelawney and Calla's book, it represented not only awareness of self, but discovery and a great quest yet to come. When she'd asked what that may be, Trelawney had just said, "Much of the future still remains to be seen," and had set Calla the task of writing up more of her visions and keeping a log of everything she had divined. "It will be most useful to you," Trelawney told her with a smile. "The Sight is one thing, but recollection and remembrance are just as crucial to seeing the greater image of the future."Ancient Runes, similarly to Divination, only got more and more interesting. They'd moved on from basic alphabet Runes to more complex ones with more meanings. Professor Babbling was an incredibly interesting teacher, too, and always seemed able to find some fun fact to throw in; Calla thought it was amazing how much one person could know. Despite Harry's assertion that the subject still sounded awful, Calla was certain no one in the class thought so; she was pretty sure Daphne and Susan both looked forward to writing essays for Professor Babbling.In the meantime, she'd been doing a lot of reading about Magical theory and how to harness and manaifest magical power. It was all very interesting, and after using Aegelbert's Theory of Intent - which argued that intention and focus were crucial to channeling magic far more than pronunciation - she managed to almost successfully turn a teapot into a tortoise (though it didn't quite have the right pattern, or any, on its shell).One thing that did put a damper on her good mood, though, was the upcoming Hogsmeade trip on Halloween. It seemed to be all that anyone could talk about in Ravenclaw Tower, and though she'd told herself she didn't care that she couldn't go, she really did. That didn't mean she was going to, certainly not while Sirius Black was still a threat, but she wished that she and Harry weren't the only ones in their year who didn't get to go. They were going to spend the day with Remus in the castle, which Calla supposed would be nice as she'd barely seen her brother this term, outside of class, what with her new study interests and his near constant Quidditch practices.The morning of Halloween dawned crisp and bright, which did not reflect Calla's mood at all. She hid her scowl as the other girls in her dormitory got ready, chattering non-stop to each other about how excited they were. The plan seemed to be that they'd all set off together and explore, and then Lisa and Michael were going to Madam Puddifoot's together, Isobel and Mandy wanted to be go to Zonko's, and Sue, Terry and Anthony were all determined to see the Shrieking Shack."We don't have to go," Padma said to Calla as they left the Great Hall after breakfast . "It seems a shame for you to be the only one missing out.""It's alright," she said, putting on a smile. "I've got Harry and we're going to see Remus anyway. I'm sure I'll have a fine day.""Are you sure?" Daphne asked, setting her bag down. "It won't be half as fun without you."She shook her head. "Just go. I'll be fine, really. I expect plenty of chocolate from Honeydukes, though.""Noted," Daphne said, grinning as she gave a little salute. They approached Professor McGonagall and the caretaker, Filch, who were checking students' permission forms. Harry stood by Hermione and Ron, and waved enthusiastically over to Calla when she arrived, which was quite unexpected given his gloom over the matter of Hogsmeade recently. She narrowed her eyes; what was he up to?"We'll see you later," Padma said as she hugged Calla tightly. "And I promise there'll be plenty of chocolate!"Calla raised her hand in a small wave, smiling smallly as her friends walked on and disappeared from view. She was about to turn and head back into the castle when Malfoy's voice stopped her. "Not going to Hogsmeade, Potter?" he called. "Too scared to go past the Dementors, are you? Think you might faint again? Or do you think another Boggart might pop out somewhere along the way?"Calla clenched her fists, refusing to let tears come to her eyes. "Shove off, Malfoy," she told him, tensing as someone came to stand by her side, but it was only Terry. "Leave me alone.""Ooh." He laughed beside Parkinson. "Touched a nerve have we, Potter? Don't suppose you're going to try anything with that wand of yours. Tell me, what spells can you do?"A spell hit Malfoy in the arm and he yelled, stumbling back. Calla turned to see Harry glaring at him furiously. "Mr Potter!" McGonagall called incredulously. "That'll be twenty points from Gryffindor and a detention. You cannot use magic on other students.""Don't talk about my sister, Malfoy," Harry snarled, ignoring McGonagall, and striding over to take Calla's arm. "You're worth ten of any of those Slytherins," he told Calla in a low voice. "Don't listen to him.""He's right," Calla said to Harry gloomily, and he shook his head."No, he's not. You turned a teapot into a tortoise, remember? You're doing really well." Calla glared at him. "You are!""She really is," Terry added, with a smile at Calla. "Malfoy's just mean."Harry nodded at Terry. "See!" He Calla away around the corner as Sue and Anthony caught up to Terry. "Look, ignore Malfoy. I've got an idea of how we can get into Hogsmeade."She stared at him, not sure she liked where this was going. "What do you mean?" Calla asked slowly"You've got your map, right? I remember Ron saying that Fred and George know every passage in and out of Hogwarts - because of the map! If we can find one that goes to Hogsmeade, all we have to do is follow it and we can get there without anyone being any the wiser! Come on, you must know a way out to Hogsmeade!""Well, I'm not going," Calla told Harry, crossing her arms. "First of all, we said we'd visit Remus, second of all, its dangerous, third of all, Remus explicitly told us not to, fourth of all I don't even know what passages go to Hogsmeade. And I'm also not chancing it going anywhere near any of the dementors.""We won't be near the dementors, though," said Harry, grinning. "That's the point. And I can't believe you've never tried sneaking into Hogsmeade before!""Of course I haven't!" Calla said shrilly. "The castle's so interesting on its own, and who would I go with anyway?""Me!"She rolled her eyes. "Im sure we'll get the chance to go at some point. Just not right now.""Calla, look, I get why you're scared-""I'm not scared, Harry!""Yes, you are!""Am not! Just because I'm not ridiculous and impulsive! This is dangerous, Harry." She lowered her voice. "Sirius Black could be out there.""Yeah, well, if we happen to run into a fugitive on the run in a major town on one of the busiest days of its year, I'll-""What, fight him?" Calla retorted; Harry scowled. "Forget it, Harry.""I don't need you to go with me," he said sullenly."Well, I have the map, so yes, you do. And I'll tell Remus if you sneak out."He gaped. "You wouldn't!""Yes, I would, because you're being ridiculous. Just get Hermione and Ron to bring you stuff back! Daphne's getting chocolate for me.""I can't believe you don't care," Harry said, narrowing his eyes in suspicion. "You've snuck out before, haven't you?""No," Calla said indignantly. "I just said that I hadn't! But I just don't really want to risk it for a wander around and some sweets. It's not like we're alone here, either. There's plenty to do."Harry huffed. "Look, if you won't come with me then just give me the map and I'll go myself. Don't tell Remus.""I will," she said, quickly tapping the map to close it and stuffing it hurriedly into her pocket. "And you're not getting the map."She turned around as Harry lunged forward, reaching for the map. "Give me it, Calla!""No!""I'd give you the cloak!""I wouldn't ask you to give me the cloak so I could go and risk my life over some sweets!""It's not over just some sweets, Calla!" Harry replied indignantly. "Stop being so annoying!""No!" she shouted over her shoulder, before she turned a corner and ducked down a passage she'd memorised to go back to Ravenclaw Tower. She hated the fact that her eyes stung with tears again - it seemed she was never not on the verge of tears now, and she didn't even think she had anything much to be upset about.She was still upset with Harry when they went to see Remus for lunch later on. He did show up, at least, so she knew that he hadn't snuck out himself and gotten into trouble; but he still looked incredibly sullen. Remus was looking between the two of them curiously, clearly sensing the animosity. "Look," Calla said quietly as Remus went to make tea, "thanks for earlier, for jinxing Malfoy for me."Harry made a huffing sound in response and she rolled her eyes. Fine, then. He could be in a mood with her if he wanted to be; she knew she'd done the right thing."Are you both managing to keep up with your Studies alright?" Remus asked, looking between the twins. "I've seen Snape is in an even worse mood than usual of late." His eyes twinkled and Calla laughed forcedly."Yeah, I think so. He's not been too bad though, with our class at least.""He always hates our class," Harry muttered. "Well, the Gryffindors in the class, anyway.""He does seem to have a bit of a grudge," Calla agreed, nodding at Harry. Then she asked him, "Have your class been doing Flobberworms too?"Harry groaned and nodded. "They're so boring.""I know!" She looked at Remus. "After What happened with Malfoy and Buckbeak, Hagrid decided he wasn't going to teach us about Hippogriffs anymore. So we're feeding flobberworms every lesson.""Well, I'm sure flobberworms are very important creatures. They'll be interesting if you give them a chance.""I really don't think they will," Harry said dullly. "They don't do anything. At all."Remus looked like he was trying to withhold a chuckle. "Well, you never know when you might be surprised.""I don't think flobberworms are capable of surprise," Calla told him, shaking her head. "They are really, really boring. It's a shame; I love Hagrid, but I wish he could make his lessons more interesting.""It's not his fault," Harry said, looking sharply at Calla, "it's Malfoy's, for making all that fuss about Buckbeak.""I know," Calla sighed. "I know. But that doesn't mean the lesson isn't boring.""Still better than Divination.""I like Divination!""I know you do," Harry said, sighing. "But Trelawney's rubbish.""She's not! She just... Likes to be dramatic in her predictions.""Hermione says she's a fraud.""Hermione would," Calla muttered, and Harry frowned in response."What does that mean?""Nothing," Calla said. She took a sip of her tea and looked at Remus, who was frowning at them. "It's just she seemed to have already made her mind up about Divination before she even started learning." She shrugged. "She doesn't seem to think Divination is a very valid form of magic, or accurate, so she's obviously not going to think Trelawney's right.""Do you think Trelawney's right?" Harry asked quietly."I think... We can put some stock in what she says. But Divination is still very subjective, like I told you. She's maybe not entirely right in everything, but she isn't a fraud either.""That seems like a very rational conclusion," Remus said, nodding at Calla. "Professor Trelawney has been known to make some accurate prophecies and predictions in her time. Dumbledore wouldn't have hired her if he didn't think so.""But-"Just as Harry was about to speak, the door blew open and Professor Snape strode in, carrying a large, steaming goblet of potion. Calla and Harry both stared at it, and it took Calla a moment to realise what it was; the Wolfsbane Potion Remus had told them about, to help him through the full moon. Snape looked between them all with a sneer."What a nice little meeting," he said, as he put the goblet down on Remus' desk. "How... Touching.""Thank you, Severus," Remus said tiredly."You should drink that directly, Lupin," Snape said."Yes, I will.""I made an entire cauldronful last night," he added. "Should you need it.""Yes, I think I might take some tomorrow. Thank you, Severus.""Not at all," Snape said, backing out of the room and watching them all with keen eyes. The door shut behind him."Is that your... You know, Wolfsbane Potion?""Why yes, it is, Harry," Remus said, smiling. He winced as he took a sip. "Rather disgusting, actually. It's a pity sugar makes it useless." He downed the rest of it, and set the still smoking goblet down. "Well, I suppose I had better get back to work. Enjoy the feast later, the two of you?""Won't you be able to come?" Harry asked.Remus shook his head. "I'm afraid not. Hopefully next time." He nodded at them. "Stick together, the two of you."Though they spent much of the rest of the day together, visiting the Owlery and roaming the castle aimlessly and eventually sitting in the library to do homework - Harry was writing an essay for Flitwick, and Calla was working through Rune classifications for Professor Babbling - things between the twins weren't particularly easy. Calla couldn't quite explain why she was annoyed with Harry - maybe because he had argued with her, or her thought she was scared, or because he didn't like Divination or maybe just because she was upset in general - but she was, and she was sure Harry could sense it. More than that, she was sure Harry was annoyed with her too. It was a relief when they went down to visit Hagrid, and see Buckbeak the Hippogriff, who Calla hadn't yet met."Yeh oughtta be careful," Hagrid said. "But I'm sure he'll like yeh, Calla. He's a good Hippogriff, Buckbeak is... A good Hippogriff."Calla smiled as she went outside, Hagrid just behind her. "Mind and bow, now. And if he don' do the same, step away. Yeh gotta be respectful; proud creatures, Hippogriffs, they don' like being insulted."Of course, she knew Draco Malfoy rarely had respect for anyone or anything else. She walked over to Buckbeak, who turned to her, with great bright eyes. He was beautiful, she thought, as she sank into a low bow, keeping her eyes on the Hippogriff.There was a long moment where he didn't do anything, and Calla began to feel a little nervous, but then he bent his knees. "There's a good Hippogriff," said Hagrid, clapping. "Great, Calla. Yeh can pet 'im now."Calla looked back, grinning, and then turned to Buckbeak. She reached out a tentative hand, unsure quite where to pet him, but then he moved towards her, butting his head against her palm. "There yeh go," Hagrid said softly, and Calla stroked the side of Buckbeak's neck. His feathers were so soft."You're beautiful," she told the Hippogriff, and he made a sound sort of like a purr in response. "Yes, you are."She stayed with him, Harry and Hagrid most of the rest of the day, until the sun began to go down and Hagrid ordered the two of them back up to the castle for the feast.They parted ways at the doors to the Great Hall, and Harry went (still rather gloomily) over to the Gryffindor Table to sit with Ron and Hermione, who were looking very excited after their Hogsmeade visit. Calla on the other hand, made her way to sit by Daphne and Padma, the former of whom wasted no time at all in telling her all about Hogsmeade."...And then we went to Honeydukes and, Calla, there were these lovely little pink and blue chocolate mice that scurried around the whole store, they were so cute! And they had so many sweets we could barely fit them in our pockets to bring back, but Astoria told me I had to bring her back some sugar quills so I stuffed them in. Zonko's was interesting, but things kept exploding so Padma decided we should probably just have a wander around outside in the town instead." Daphne grinned between her words, spilling various sweets and chocolates out onto the table before Calla. "Then we went to Dervish and Banges, and there wasn't really much that was that exciting there but then we went to Scrivenschaft's Quill Shop, for stationery, and I really liked that. Padma got this really nice colour changing notebook - it uses paper, not parchment, like the Muggles do - and I got a pretty purple quill. Then we went into Gladrags, but there wasn't really much we liked the look of, so we decided to go and meet Ron and Hermione in the Three Broomsticks for butterbeer instead. It tastes wonderful," she said, beaming."Let her eat, Daphne," Padma said, chuckling.Calla smiled at her half-heartedly, taking a bit of chicken. Hogwarts feasts were always spectacular but she didn't quite appreciate this so much; everyone around her was speaking solely about Hogsmeade and it was getting old."How was your day, though?" Padma asked. "Did you see your godfather?"Calla nodded sullenly. "Yes."She saw Padma and Daphne exchange glanced. "And?""And Harry's in a mood with me and probably will be all day and maybe all week and maybe all month, because I wouldn't let him sneak out."Padma looked like she was about to say something, but Daphne got there first. "Well why wouldn't you?"Calla looked at her. "Because of Sirius Black? It's dangerous, and he'd get in trouble."Daphne shrugged. "I get that, but I'm surprised he didn't just do it anyway.""He wouldn't know how without the map," Calla said. "So I wasn't about to give it to him.""Well of course not," Padma agreed, nodding. "It would be far too dangerous, and besides, you weren't missing out on too much. You'll get a chance at some point.""He does look a bit moody," Daphne said, nodding towards the Gryffindor table where Harry sat with Ron and Hermione, seeming to be barely listening to Ron who was talking to him with great excitement."Well, I'd rather him moody than hurt," Calla told her crisply, and set about eating her dinner instead of talking."Did you start the Ancient Runes homework at all?" Daphne asked, cutting up a steak. "I looked at it but I couldn't be bothered with it yet.""I did a little," Calla told her, relieved they were moving on, "but I got stuck on the different derivations of Younger Futhorc, so I think I'm going to go to the library tomorrow to figure it out.""That's probably a good idea," Padma said, nodding. "I don't think anyone's managed to get it done actually, so at least we're all in the same boat."They chattered amicably for the rest of the feast, and Daphne at one point went over to speak to Astoria, who was promptly embarrassed by her older sister and made a fuss that had Daphne grinning and Calla and Padma both doubled over laughing. "She's so ungrateful," Daphne laughed, shaking her head as she returned to them. "Honestly, I got her four sugar quills and all she says is, 'Stop embarrassing me!'" But Daphne didn't seem too bothered; they were all in good moods by the time the feast ended and they made their way up to Ravenclaw Tower."Oi, Potter!" Lisa called across the dormitory once the girls were changed into their night clothes. She tossed something book-shaped across to her bed, and Matilda scowled at it. "Thought you might use it."Calla looked down and frowned. 'The Senile Cat Witch and Her Place in British Wizarding Folklore'. Lisa was grinning, and Calla pouted. "Thanks," she drawled back."You're welcome! It's a fascinating read!"Calla rolled her eyes, but it wasn't with the irritation she'd once held towards Lisa; they'd settled more now into a sort of teasing that wasn't necessarily friendly but also wasn't malicious. "Maybe I'll keep an eye out for one on the role of hags," she called back and Lisa grinned."Who for, though?"Before Calla could retort, there was a sharp knocking on the door. Padma looked around sharply before everyone nodded and she went to answer. Penelope Clearwater stood in the doorway, shaking slightly with her dressing gown pulled tightly around her. "We're all to go back to the Great Hall. Now." Her eyes fell on Calla and she bit her lip, looking anxious. "They're saying Sirius Black's gotten into the castle. He went for Gryffindor Tower."Calla's stomach plummeted and her heart raced at the thought of what might have happened, of her brother. "Did - did he hurt anyone?""Only scared the Fat Lady," Penelope said gently. "The students are all shaken, but safe. We're all to go down to the Great Hall together."Daphne placed a comforting hand on Calla's shoulder. "Alright, Penelope," she said, smiling. "Thanks for letting us know, we'll come to the common room in a minute."As soon as Penelope was out of view, all the girls crowded around Calla, chattering worriedly. "He got into the castle?" Isobel was saying, looking very white. "How do you think he did it?""He must have sneaked in with the students coming back from Hogsmeade," Mandy said breathlessly, eyes wide as saucers."Don't be ridiculous, someone would have seen him, and so would the Dementors," Lisa said. "He must have gotten in some other way.""But there is no other way," Sue said. "Is there?"But Calla was feeling very sick now. She felt in her pocket for her map; it was still there, thank God, but she knew that there were other ways in and out of Hogwarts. "Lucky he came on Halloween, though," Isobel said as the seven of them traipsed down the stairs into the common room, "when everyone was at the feast. Imagine if he'd run into someone...""He must have lost track of the days," Padma said, "being on the run."But Calla didn't think he had at all. This was twelve years to the day her parents had died, the day she and Harry had survived and Black's master Lord Voldemort had been destroyed. If he had come for them as she was sure he had, it would have been the perfect day for his revenge. She shuddered at the thought; but she was very, very glad she hadn't given in and let Harry sneak out today of all days. With Sirius Black nearby, he - Well. She didn't want to think it, but she knew what could have happened."What's going on?" Terry asked Calla, as the three boys came to stand by the girls. "They're saying Sirius Black was here!""He went to Gryffindor Tower," Lisa said, looking nervously at Calla and Padma. "Apparently he frightened the Fat Lady off. I suppose she wouldn't have let him in.""Can you imagine?" Anthony whispered. "Sirius Black, here?" He gave a massive shudder, wrapping his arms tightly around himself. "Do you know if anyone was hurt?"Daphne shook her head. "Penelope said no one was," she told him. "But...""Come on, now," Professor Flitwick was saying, standing on top of the stairs by the common room door. "That's everyone, let's go down together. No disappearing off anywhere, we all have to stay together now, thank you. Follow me."They made their way back down through the castle, and Calla's year all huddled closely together, with her in the middle pressed close to Daphne and Padma. When they got back to the Great Hall, the Gryffindors were already there, standing still in their clothes from the feast. She picked out Harry standing between Ron and Hermione and tried to catch his eye, but didn't manage as they were shepherded into the Hall. The Slytherins and Hufflepuffs went in after them, and McGonagall and Flitwick closed the doors firmly shut behind them."The other teachers and I," Dumbledore told them, standing at the front of the hall, "will need to conduct a thorough search of the entire castle. For your own safety, you will all have to stay here for the night. I am leaving the Head Boy and Head Girl in charge and the prefects to stand over the Hall. Any disturbance should be reported to me immediately," he added to Percy Weasley, who puffed out his chest proudly. "Send word with one of the ghosts."As Calla noted when she looked around, all of the house ghosts were lingering around the edges of the hall, including the Grey Lady, who was rarely seen. Dumbledore turned just before he made to exit the hall, "Oh yes. You'll be needing these."He waved his hand and the house tables moved off to the sides of the hall; a second later, the floor was covered in squashy purple sleeping bags and pillows. Dumbledore smiled serenely as she made to close the doors behind him. "Sleep well."The second he left the room came alive with conversation, as the students started discussing the varying versions of events and the Gryffindors went about telling everyone what they'd seen. "Come on," Calla said to Daphne and Padma, tugging them over to see Harry, Ron and Hermione. "Harry! Harry!"Her brother turned to her, and seemed to sigh, rushing over. "Calla! Are you alright?""Am I alright? Are you alright, what did you see? Is he really here?""No one saw him," Hermione said, "but the Fat Lady did. I don't know if he's gone or not."Calla looked worriedly at Harry. "He could still be in the castle, do you think?""No one knows," Ron said. "Mind you, no one knows how he got in either."Calla's stomach swam. "Harry, you don't think-""No more talking!" Percy Weasley snapped. "Everyone get back into your houses! Lights out in ten minutes."Calla reaches out to squeeze Harry's hand nervously; she really didn't want to leave him right now. "I'll be right over here," he said. "It'll be fine, he'll have run off once the Fat Lady raises the alarm.""Harry's right, Calla," Daphne said, taking her arm. "Come on, let's get some sleep."Calla nodded nervously at her brother. "I'll see you in the morning. Don't wander off without seeing me.""I won't," Harry laughed, and to her surprise he reached out to hug her. "It'll be okay," he promised, holding her tightly. "Sleep well."She went back over to the rest of the Ravenclaws still feeling uneasy. They were all clustered in a little group of seven as she, Daphne and Padma slipped in. "How do you think he got in?" Lisa was askin lowly. "Do you think someone let him in?""Must have," Michael said. "It's the only way.""But who would let him in?" Sue asked in a whisper. She looked at Calla nervously. "What did Harry say?""They've no idea how he got in either," she said. "But he scared the Fat Lady like nothing. She's done a runner.""Merlin," said Michael, shaking his head."They'll catch him," Terry said, sounding like he was trying very hard to be confident. He grinned at Calla. "I'm sure they will. Any day now I'm sure.""He seems desperate though," Mandy whispered, as Calla and Daphne set about trying to curl up in their sleeping bags. "He'll mess up at some point, you'll see. He'll get himself caught and then everything will be fine."But they all still had trouble sleeping that night.Author's Note: It's my birthday tomorrow! Here's an early new chapter to celebrate! Hope you all enjoy!

For the next few days it seemed Sirius Black was the only thing anyone in Hogwarts knew how to talk about. There were various theories flying about, with the Hufflepuff Rachel Harris telling Calla and Daphne during Transfiguration that she'd been told Sirius Black could turn into a flowering shrub. Calla had thought Daphne was going to burst from trying not to laugh right in front of Rachel's face, and she'd had to drag her away to sit on the other side of the classroom.But the morning after the night they spent in the Great Hall, Harry had relayed a conversation to Calla that she found rather concerning; that Snape had commented to Dumbledore on his dislike of a certain new teaching appointment, who he thought might be helping Sirius Black, and who he didn't think could be trusted. When Calla had heard she'd been furious, of course. Remus would never help Sirius Black to hurt them or anybody else, and she and Harry both knew that. She was sure Dumbledore must, too.Her Monday evening tutorial with Trelawney had been unusually tense. Though she didn't say what was bothering her, Calla could tell that there was something on Professor Trelawney's mind. "The Inner Eye is preoccupied as of late," she told Calla when she asked about it. "I must let it roam as it wishes."Calla didn't know what that really meant - she didn't want to let her Inner Eye roam, but it always seemed like she had no choice - and she'd returned to staring into the fireplace morbidly. She was sure that by the end of this part of her study she'd either have a very odd tan or a burn on her cheeks. Lisa had commented on how red her face had been when she'd gotten back to the dorm, too.In the flames she'd seen the usual images - the dog and wolf and rat and stag and crows and pegasus which was possibly a hippogriff - as well as what appeared to be a goblet, and had been about to note that down when a face flickered in the fireplace, just for a moment, but long enough to give Calla a fright and set her pulse racing. She startled, scuttling back, and Trelawney hurried over. "Are you alright, my dear?" she asked worriedly, peering into the fireplace."Y-Yeah," Calla said. "I just got a fright, I thought I saw-""You saw what, dear?"A face. But not just any face... Maybe she was paranoid. It had looked like Sirius Black. Her mind went to Floo networks - of course they must operate on some level inside Hogwarts, too, but surely they would be being watched? Would it really be so simple for Sirius Black to come into Hogwarts through a fireplace? "Professor," Calla began tentatively, "is this fireplace connected to the Floo network at all?""My dear, why would you need to know that?" Calla looked at her. "Well, yes, it is. But it is secure," she added hastily, at the look on Calla's face. "Dumbledore has all the Floo places in Hogwarts linked only to very specific grates, and mine is rarely used. It interferes with the Sight, you see, when I am looking for fire omens.""Right," Calla said, not totally believing her. "I suppose that makes sense." She scribbled a hasty note in her Divination notebook. "Can I go now, Professor? My Inner Eye is feeling weary," she lied, and Professor Trelawney took a moment before she nodded."On you go, my dear, on you go. I suspect I shall be seeing you later this week."Calla hurried down the stairs and went to the place she realised she ought to have gone to yesterday. She knocked quickly on Remus' office door and he welcomed her inside in surprise. "I wasn't expecting to see you this evening. You are cutting it fine with the curfew.""Remus," she said anxiously, and he frowned."Yes?""Was Sirius Black one of the friends who helped you and Dad to make the Marauder's Map?" Remus paled, and she had her answer."I'm afraid so, yes."She sagged, leaning against his chair. "Do you - do you think he's using one of the passages to get in? I - I haven't really ventured outside Hogwarts but Harry said Fred and George told him they knew a passage to Hogsmeade from the map, he wanted me to show him on Saturday, but if the passage is still open, he could be using it!""I know," Remus said quietly. Then he didn't say anything after that and Calla frowned."So has it been blocked up?" He shook his head. "Why not? Haven't you told Dumbledore?""I fear Dumbledore already knows," Remus told her wearily, "and he has not sought to block it.""Wh-what?" Calla asked, catching her breath. She stared at Remus, her stomach churning. She didn't understand. "Why wouldn't he?""I do not understand Albus Dumbledore. Perhaps it is for the same reason he wishes me to be here.""And why's that?""I do not believe that Dumbledore is... Entirely convinced of Sirius' guilt."The words shocked Calla like a punch to the stomach. "How?"Remus shook his head. "Sirius was always James' best friend. They were like brothers." He clenched his jaw. "He rejected everything that his old, pureblood family had stood for, including their support of Voldemort. For the Ministry, Sirius looked entirely guilty, and with his family background there was very little reason for them to believe him innocent. In the days after the war, everyone wanted to rush all the Death Eaters into Azkaban immediately." He clenched his fist. "I don't see how Sirius could not be guilty. He was Secret Keeper, and even if it was tortured out of him, he killed Peter, and all those Muggles." Calla found herself shaking, holding the chair tightly. "Dumbledore I find, is often eager to give second chances to those who may not deserve it. He did not give one to Sirius, but that does not mean he doesn't... Want to believe it wasn't him. I believe he thinks I may have been guilty.""Y-you?" Calla asked, hardly believing her ears. "Why would he think you were guilty?""In the last days of the war, I was with a group of werewolves who were loyal to Voldemort, gathering intelligence and information. I believe Dumbledore thought there was a possibility I was not so firmly on his side as I was. But I would never have betrayed my friends; more than that, I would never have betrayed myself like that." He shook his head. "I'm sorry. You've gone quite pale, Calla, take a seat." She sat, staring at him. "This is why Dumbledore didn't like me to take care of you and Harry for too long a period; I feel he has only recently began to trust me." Remus shook his head again. "This is an awful lot for a Monday night; I apologise. Truthfully, I don't think Sirius could be using the old passages; he would be sighted in Hogsmeade, and a very conspicuous form if he were to enter Honeydukes.""But surely we should be on the safe side? He's already gotten in once!"Remus nodded, frowning worriedly. "Yes. I will take it up with Dumbledore, if you'd like me to."Calla smiled nervously. "Thanks. And also - I was with Trelawney just now. I don't know if I'm just on edge, but I swear I saw his face on the fireplace. Trelawney said the Floo network for Hogwarts was only tied to certain grates, but I just wanted to be sure.""I'll mention it to Dumbledore," Remus told her, nodding. "Now, you ought to get to bed. Have you started on your essay yet?""Not yet," Calla admitted sheepishly. "I've been doing Ancient Runes homework pretty much all weekend. It's really tricky.""I'm sure it is. Well, if you need to ask any questions about the essay, you know where I am. Get some sleep now.""Thank you, Remus," Calla said, smiling. Her godfather turned away, looking tired in the lamplight. "You too."XxIt seemed that apart from only Remus, all of the teachers were concerned, as was Percy Weasley. Despite not being in Ravenclaw, he still found plenty of opportunities to pop up in the corridors, like a weird and probably ineffective Head Boy superhero. It was a bit annoying, actually, especially once he got his girlfriend Penelope in on it, because she was sure she could never get her homework done with her hanging about her. "Doesn't she have N.E.W.T.s to revise for?" Daphne asked, frowning as she hung around them while they tried to map out star charts.Calla had wound up getting called into Flitwick's office, too, about it. "Potter, I think I really ought to tell you about Sirius Black," Flitwick had begun nervously."I already know everything," she said quietly, and Flitwick's little self seemed to sigh in relief. "My godfather told me.""Ah. Well, Miss Potter, I'm glad you, er, have all the facts. But I hope you'll understand that I and the other professors are going to be keeping a bit of a closer eye on you and your brother, especially after what's just happened... I'd like you to make sure you're always with someone, one of your friends, yes?""Of course, Professor," Calla said, smiling. "And thanks. Is that everything?""Yes, I believe so." Then he paused, sitting through the papers on his desk. "And you got an O on your last essay for me." Flitwick looked up at her beaming, and Calla split into a grin. "Well done.""Thank you, Professor!" Calla cried, about to laugh of excitement. An O. She beamed. "I'll see you in class!"Harry, as he would soon tell her, had had a similar discussion with McGonagall, but he had come away feeling far less pleased. "She was going to stop me practicing Quidditch at night!" he whined at the table in the library, while Calla copied out the new Runes of the week. "Thankfully she agreed Madam Hooch could watch us, to supervise, but I couldn't believe it!""Well, why not?" Calla asked, glancing at him. "If Sirius Black were to show up, and you were on your own, or even if you were with the team, outside, I wouldn't like to think what might happen."Harry huffed. "I suppose. I just hope it doesn't interfere with training; we have to win this year! And I can't wait to rub it in Malfoy's face!""You'll beat them," Calla told him, grinning. "Just keep practicing. And don't tell anyone I told you so."He frowned, a confused sort of realisation spreading across his eyes. "Did you see something?""May-be!" Calla sang, grinning over at her brother."Calla! How did I win?""I can't tell you that!" she laughed. "And I'm not technically really supposed to say things are going to happen until they have. Apparently it interferes with choices. So you'd better keep at it, Harry.""I will, of course I will!" he said, grinning. "I can't wait to beat Malfoy again."But it turned out Harry wouldn't be getting the chance to beat Malfoy quite so soon; Calla had another vision, but of the Hufflepuff team taking off against Gryffindor instead of Slytherin. She didn't know what the outcome would be, but that itself worried her. What if Harry did lose? The Hufflepuff team had entirely different tactics, as he'd told her worriedly. And he was playing Cedric Diggory - a tall and very good looking fifth year Hufflepuff who Susan and Zach said was meant to be a great player.Harry had had to rush between classes, constantly caught in the halls by Oliver Wood who yelled instructions to him, which Calla thought was hilarious when he was already running between Divination and History of Magic.And while she was beginning to improve in her classes, she felt, a very sour mood was put upon their whole Defense Against the Dark Arts class the day after a particularly rough full moon when instead of Remus as their teacher, they went inside to see Professor Snape standing in front of the blackboard, all he windows covered by thick black drapes that were definitely for aesthetic rather than practicality."Sit down," he said lowly, barely glancing up from the book he was consulting open on the desk."This will be awful," Daphne whispered as they sat down."God," Isobel muttered from the other side of Padma, "it looks like the bloody bat cave.""I said sit," Snape said, eyes snapping to the Ravenclaw boys who were muttering amongst themselves.All the Slytherins they shared the class with were looking horrifically smug, especially Malfoy. Calla pursed her lips, glaring at them as slyly as she could."Where's Lupin now, Potter?" Malfoy asked, eyes taunting. "Too shabby to show up?"She glared at him even harder. "I see you're too sensitive to play Quidditch. How's the arm?"Malfoy muttered something to Parkinson, who laughed, and Crabbe and Goyle glared at Calla. "It's awful," he drawled. "Thanks to that oaf.""Thanks to your stupidity," Padma retorted."Simmer down, simmer down," Snape called from the front of the classroom. "I see Professor Lupin has not left any record of the work you have been studying so far this year. Quite unhelpful." Lisa put her hand up in the air. "Yes, Miss Turpin.""Sir, we've done boggarts, red caps, kappas and grindylows so far.""I did not ask for information," said Snape tersely, and Lisa frowned, as did Calla. "I was merely commenting on Lupin's lack of organisation."Anger flared in Calla. "Well, maybe you're not looking hard enough." The moment she said it she knew that she shouldn't have; everyone turned to stare at her, and her cheeks flared red. Even Snape looked surprised. Unlike Harry, she didn't usually talk back to him. Maybe it was just the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom that brought it out in her."I did not ask for your advice, Miss Potter," said Snape silkily. "Nor your cheek. Five points from Ravenclaw."She saw Terry roll his eyes and give Snape a glare. They caught eyes and Terry winked. "We're meant to be doing Hinkypunks now, sir," said Sue, quite pleasantly, as though to diffuse the tension.Snape turned his page. "Werewolves, I think." Calla's stomach plummeted, and she looked up at Snape with all the rage she could muster. It wasn't like she could say anything about it now, since that would be blowing her godfather's secret entirely, but she tried very hard to subtly convey her anger at Snape, who didn't seem to care at all.All the Ravenclaws exchanges confused glances. "But, Professor," Lisa said, "none of us have done the reading for a werewolves lesson yet.""Malfoy," Snape said, looking suddenly at the edge of the classroom where Malfoy and his friends sat. "Tell me, what time of the month does a werewolf transform?""The full moon, sir," Malfoy said with a smug smile, and Snape nodded."Very good. Well, see no reason why the rest of you need to have done any extra reading. Mr Malfoy, five points to Slytherin for being prepared for all circumstances. Clearly, Draco has a grip on the subject matter.""That's ridiculous," Padma muttered."You still can't expect us to be prepared, and you've just disregarded the work we've already done preparing for a different lesson!""I'm sure when Professor Lupin," Snape said, voice lingering on his name, "returns he will put your preparation to use. In the meantime, Miss Potter, I am sure you have a sufficient enough understanding of the werewolf to keep up with the class. However if you are not up to the difficulty of the material, feel free to leave my classroom."Malfoy laughed and Calla's cheeks burned, as she resisted to urge to fling something at the front of the classroom where Snape was standing. "I'm sure I'm up to it, Professor," she hissed back. "If you're sure that you're up to teaching this subject."A very tense, nervous silence settled over the classroom. Calla glared at Snape, though she could feel her bottom lip wobbling nervously. She wished she didn't look as nervous as she was are she did; she'd put her foot in it with Snape, but she knew he knew about Remus and there was no reason for him to focus on werewolves. And what he'd said... If he did anything to try and make people find out, she swore she would never forgive him. "Sit down, Miss Potter," he said silkily. "That will be fifty points from Ravenclaw now." Padma gasped; Lisa stared at Calla in shock and fury. "And a detention. And if you criticise my teaching methods again, I will have it seen to that you leave this classroom." Another threat glittered in his dark eyes, and it was that - and only that - that made Calla shut her mouth and take a seat, blood roaring in her ears."Jesus," Isobel muttered.The class passed with Snape lecturing and Calla too curious to pay any proper attention, only getting more and more annoyed. At one point in the lesson while he set them to reading on the properties of a werewolf and how to identify it - which set Calla's blood absolutely boiling - and stalked up and down the aisles, reading over and commenting on the work they'd done with Remus."Professor Lupin gave this an eight out of ten?" he asked when he came to Calla's essay on Grindylow. She nodded, jaw clenched. "Hm. I would have given it a one, if anything at all, though I suppose we must account for favouritism."Clearly the relative neutrality Snape had for her in Potions didn't apply here, or now. Calla kept her head down, eyes burning with tears not of sadness but of anger, and her cheeks warming. Her hands shook with anger and she clenched them against the table.By the end of the class she was so furious that she gathered all her stuff in an instant and made to sprint from the classroom, before Snape called her back inside. "Potter!" he called. "We have to arrange your detention."She gritted her teeth and turned back around, marching back to the front of the class. "We'll wait on you," Daphne said as she passed her."Miss Potter, you have spoken poorly against a teacher," Snape said. "What do you have to say for yourself."She considered a moment, before she shrugged. "I don't know, sir. What do you have to say for yourself? You - you shouldn't be teaching us about werewolves.""And why is that, Miss Potter?"She fumbled a minute. "You know why."Snape sneered. "Werewolves pose a very real threat to the Wizarding community, Miss Potter. It is my duty as a teacher to inform my students and to protect them from dark creatures who seek to do them harm." She had to try very hard not to say anything rude in return, and instead clenched her fists, fingernails digging into her palms."As such," he said, "you will complete for me the essay on how to find, identify and kill werewolves that I have set the class. In addition, you will spend tonight cleaning cauldrons in the Potions classroom and tidying the cupboard. I'm sure there are all sorts of potentially poisonous ingredients in there that need dealt with. Your detention will begin at six o'clock."She glared at him for a very long moment and then said a sullen, "Fine. Am I dismissed now, Professor?"Snape seemed to deliberate a long moment, which only served to aggravate Calla further. "You May go, Miss Potter," he said, and she turned and marched out the classroom as fast as she could, wrenching the door open and slamming it behind her."Where's Harry?" she demanded of Ron, who was in the line outside for the next class and who looked extremely taken aback at her."Uh, Wood caught up to him, why?" He stared. "Are you alright, Calla?""Snape's the cover teacher," she said, as Hermione caught up to them brightly. Her smile immediately fell. She was about to say something that would surely have made Hermione - and Remus, if he'd been around to hear - scold her to bits. "Git. Sure you'll feel the same way, tell Harry to find me before dinner so we can see Remus, yeah?""Course," said Ron, as Daphne and Padma took her by the elbow and demanded to know what her cheek was all about."Don't get me wrong," said Isobel, "I think he's a bloody arsehole, but you haven't cracked like that since Lockhart.""I kind of want to see what happens next," Daphne said with a morbid look in her eye."I can't believe he's changing the syllabus," Lisa added indignantly. "I'd prepared by reading up on Hinkypunks, and he throws all of that out of the window, of course we aren't going to know what we haven't covered, unless you're Isobel.""And I only know because I read everything about magical creatures ahead of time," Isobel said. "But he was so completely unfair!""Snape's a damn git," put in Terry, as the boys caught up to them. "Wish we had Lupin back - he was the only decent Defense teacher we've ever had.""What's up with him anyway?" Padma asked, turning to Calla concernedly."He's just ill at the moment," she said. "Harry and I are going to see him before dinner to cheer him up, but he should be back soon.""Good," Sue said. "Because I did not like Snape's attitude in that class."Herbology went awfully. Her hands were still shaking in anger from Snape's class, and it didn't help that Malfoy and his gang were constantly looking over at her and whispering, sending glared every so often. She told herself she didn't care, but she did."You were right, though," Padma told her. "Well, you did take it a little far with Snape, but he was being rude to you first.""And for the record," Isobel said, leaning over Daphne, "he was talking nonsense. You earned that mark you got, like you always earn your good essay marks.""Thanks," Calla muttered, pulling too aggressively on a puffapod; the puffs fell away in her hand."Now, now, Miss Potter," Sprout admonished, bustling over, "a little more delicate when handling your puffapod, or else you'll hurt the poor thing.""Sorry, Professor," Calla mumbled, stepping back so Sprout could comfort the plant.On the way out though, Lily Moon and Tracey Davis caught up to her, Padma and Isobel, who were all heading back into the castle for Divination. "By the way, Potter," said Tracey, "we thought Snape was really out of order there. Professor Lupin's the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we've ever had." Calla blinked at her in surprise; she couldn't remembering her and Tracey ever having spoken before."And," Lily added, "everyone knows you're really smart. Snape's just bitter." She gave Calla a bright smile. "Well, see you in class!"And she and Tracey disappeared off in the other direction. "Oh," Calla said, suddenly feeling a lot less annoyed. "Well, thanks.""Come on," Padma said, laughing. "Let's get to Divination, that'll cheer you up."Harry, Ron and Hermione were in just as bad of a mood with Snape as Calla was when she came to sit at the table with them. "He's a foul git," Ron muttered. "You know what he said about Hermione? An insufferable know-it-all, that's what he called her.""Git," Calla agreed, looking at Hermione. "Don't listen to Snape, Hermione. We all think he's just bitter.""He is," Harry said, looking at Calla. "Did he get you to do the werewolves lesson too?"Calla nodded solemnly. "We kept telling him we were meant to start hinkypunks, but he didn't listen.""Calla talked back to him, though," said Padma, leaning over from the table next to them, "it was great.""What did you say?""Er," Calla said, pretending to examine Hermione's teacup as Trelawney went past, "well I sort of-""Said he was a shite teacher, basically," Isobel paraphrased for her. Ron snorted into Harry's teacup and Hermione turned on Calla with a scandalised expression."Calla, you didn't!""Well, not quite in those words," Calla said hastily. "But he basically implied he didn't think I was up to the course level, and I sort of implied he wasn't up to teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts.""Mate," Ron said to Harry, "your sister is actually way cooler than you are."Harry made a face at Ron and Calla grinned. "Thanks, Ron," she mumbled, blushing a little.XxDue to Snape's detention punishment, she couldn't go and visit Remus, who was still feeling very unwell, with Harry. Instead, after dinner, she made her way sullenly downstairs to the Potions classroom in the dungeons and knocked sharply on the door. The sooner she could get this over with, the better."Enter," came Snape's grating voice, and Calla slipped inside. "Miss Potter." He checked his watch and pursed his lips. "It seems you are on time. Come." He whirled his cloak around him as he turned and Calla rolled her eyes, following Snape to a corner of the classroom where at least two cauldrons were stacked messily on top of each other. She had no idea what had been in them, but one had brown sludge still oozing out of the top of it; Calla tried not to gag at the sight. "You will clean out all of these, first," Snape obstructed. "Without the use of magic, though perhaps magic would itself be a hindrance to your work."She bit back a swear word that was on the tip of her tongue. "Yes, Professor.""Once all these cauldrons are immaculately cleaned, you will tidy, organise, and clean the ingredients cupboard." He pointed to the cupboard in question, which was marked as the N.E.W.T. level ingredients."You are not as arrogant and unlikeable as your brother is," he said, "nor, I had thought, as reckless. But Miss Potter, I will not tolerate a student attempting to make a fool of me in front of my class. Is that clear?""Yes, Professor," Calla mumbled. "I'm sorry for saying what I did. But I don't agree with you about what you said in the class. And I think what you're trying to do to Professor Lupin is wrong."Snape pursed his lips but stayed silent a long moment, black eyes stony. "You may begin, Potter. I want to see those cauldrons spotless."Xx"Remind me again what exactly happened?" Remus asked Harry, as he took a seat in his office. It was just them tonight, since Calla had gotten her detention. Remus looked very unwell, and hadn't managed to open the door for Harry himself."She sort of, shouted at Professor Snape, I think. He was trying to teach about werewolves-" Harry looked at Remus, whose face was surprisingly neutral, and almost resigned "-which obviously isn't our topic at the moment. I'm not totally sure what happened but I think from what Padma said that she challenged him on it, and then he made a comment about her not being smart enough or good enough to handle the subject matter, and then she shouted at him something about him not being up to teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts and then he gave her a detention." Remus stared at him. "And took fifty points from Ravenclaw."Remus shook his head and there was a very faint trace of a smile of his face. "Your sister really does have her moments, doesn't she?" He sat up straighter in his seat. "I will have to have a word with Severus when I am better. Regardless of a student challenging him he had no right to say what he did about her - or about any student.""He also," Harry put in, remembering what Padma had told him earlier and wanting to give Remus the full picture, "said that he would have only given her essay a one. And that she only got the grade she did because of favouritism."Remus pursed his lips. "Well, I will most certainly assure Calla that that was not the case. Her essay was fantastic."Harry smiled. "We all know that. Calla is really good at essays. But she's still probably upset, I think, though she seemed okay in Divination. Snape's such a git." Remus raised his eyebrows but didn't scold Harry."I'll have a word with him. And when did you say Ron's detention was?""Tomorrow night." Remus nodded."Both quite unfair. Well, I think you should get an early night, Harry. I doubt I'll be able to make it to your match tomorrow, but I wish you all the best of luck."Harry smiled back at him as he stood up. "Thanks.""And I'll speak to Severus about that essay, too," he added, looking troubled. "It seems he is determined to be against me in any way that he can be, but Dumbledore will see reason, should it come to it." He smiled wanly. "Goodnight, Harry. And good luck. Send Calla my love."XxThe morning of the Gryffindor match against Hufflepuff was a dreary grey one that turned to a dire storm in the space between Matilda waking Calla up and her getting to the Great Hall for breakfast. Snape had had her cleaning until quarter to ten the night before, and she'd had to get a start on Ancient Runes homework - she refused to write any of the werewolves essay whether Snape like it or not - leaving her with very little sleep. She was drowsy as she made her way over to the Gryffindor table where Harry and his team were all sitting looking nervous."Morning," she said to him as chipper as she could, stifling a yawn. She gave Harry a quick hug and dropped down to sit beside him, taking a piece of toast. "How are you feeling?""Nervous," Harry said, looking up at the ceiling. "That really doesn't look like it's going to let up today, does it?""You never know," Calla said weakly, but she really didn't think it was going to. "How was Remus last night?" she asked, dropping her voice to a whisper."Ill," Harry told her. Sure enough, he wasn't sitting with the rest of the staff. "But I told him about Snape's lesson.""And?""He seemed annoyed. With Snape obviously, not you. He says he's going to have a word about what he says and how he talks to students, and he's going to tell him he can't have set the homework he did.""Good," Calla said, nodding firmly. "Snape had no right to do that at all. I told him so last night."Harry's eyebrows shot up. "What did he say to that?""Told me to get to work scrubbing cauldrons," Calla said. She grinned falsely at a surprised looking Harry. "I'm off, your captain looks like he wants a word." She nodded at Oliver Wood, who just gave her a tense look in return as she hopped off the bench and returned to Daphne and Padma."He looks like he's going to be sick," Daphne observed in a deceptively pleasant voice before she took a bite of a pancake.When the time came to head out to the Quidditch pitch, the weather had worsened still, and Calla had a very bad feeling about the impending match. They had to hurry down under umbrellas and the hoods of their jackets, and Calla held her hand over her glasses to shield them from the rain. "This is ruining my hair," Daphne muttered."It's ruining my eyesight," Calla replied, making Padma laugh.Once they were in the stands things weren't much better; the high altitude meant the wind was even fiercer, and colder, and the rain hurt when it hit Calla's skin. She tensed her grip around the rail in front of her, peering over when she saw the two teams begin to file out onto the pitch. The crowd cheered for both of the teams, but it was half lost in the roar of the wind. "Come on, Harry!" Calla shouted over the railing, though her brother couldn't hear her.The rain continued to pour as Madam Hooch arrived on the pitch. Calla heard something she thought was the whistle and the two teams took off, flying in blurs of scarlet and canary yellow. She had to squint to be able to see Harry, who was circling the pitch seemingly quickly, but aimlessly. Her hands tightened around the rain slicked railing. Over the wind she couldn't even hear the commentary coming from Lee Jordan, who was on the other side of the pitch."Where's he gone?" Daphne shouted over the wind, staring around the pitch."There!" Padma said, pointing to a shadow against the clouds. Then a moment later it disappeared away, a cloud coming over.The first strike of lightning saw Madam Hooch call the two teams down. Hermione darted onto the pitch and Calla leaned over, watching closely as she did something to Harry and then darted away. A moment later the teams took to the air again and Calla watched with her heart in her throat.Her brother flew around the pitch at a ridiculous speed, turning sharply and then going sharply downwards. Calla leaned forward but then stumbled, clutching tightly to the railing, as the roar of the crowd faded from her ears.She could feel Daphne's hand on her arm and Padma's muffled voice, but it was drowned out by her own scream as Harry went plummeting down. A cold that was from neither the wind nor the rain wrapped itself like chains around her, pushing on her chest. Calla's grip on the railing slipped, her hands trembling, and though she tried to steady herself she could find the strength. Then there was another scream, that same scream that haunted her, and she was pulled away from the railing, head spinning.A woman's voice screamed inside her head. "No, not my children!! Do not touch my children!""Step away, girl. Give me your son and you needn't come to any harm.""You've already killed my husband! Don't kill them, please, noo, no, not Calla and not Harry!"Green light burst before her eyes and it was like a thousand different pictures were spinning on a wheel in her mind. The screaming was replaced by a hiss and the feeling of being pulled in every direction, a burning cold pain in her scar. She thought she was going to be sick as she lunged blindly forward, that hiss following her. "Mine," it said, and ice chains seemed to wrap around her. "I will take what I came here for."And then it disappeared.XxWhen Calla awoke, she was freezing cold and lying on a stretcher held up by McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey. She startled, turning over, and McGonagall stilled. "Be still, Potter," she said quietly, "we're taking you to the Hospital Wing.""The - but what?" The memories flooded back to her and her stomach twisted as she made to lie back down. "Wait," she said, sitting up again, though it made her head spin and she was sure she was going to be sick in a moment. "Where's Harry?""He's just ahead," McGonagall told her, gesturing to another stretched carried this time by Dumbledore and Snape. "Don't worry, you'll both be quite alright; Poppy will have you fixed up and feeling better in no time.""But-""Hush, Miss Potter," said Pomfrey gently. "Rest now. I dare say those Dementors will have given you a nasty shock."She nodded numbly, lying back down and staring at the great grey clouds above her, which rolled over the sky. They were cold and menacing and looked like at any moment they would split open and let Dementors descend instead of rain. She shuddered against the stretcher, and when after what felt like a million years they made it up to the Hospital Wing, she shivered as she got off of it."Lie down on the bed there, Miss Potter, there's a good girl. I'll fetch you some chocolate and potion. And perhaps some hot chocolate to ease the cold. Minerva, would you see to it that Remus is informed?""Immediately, Poppy," McGonagall said and strode out just as a rabble of other students pushed in the door. Ron and Hermione were first, running to the other bed where Harry lay, and Daphne and Padma pushed their way through from behind the Gryffindor Quidditch team to sit by Calla."You're awake!" Daphne cheered, beaming. "What happened? Was it the Dementors again?" Calla nodded, her head feeling heavy. She reached up to wave to Daphne but found her arm fell back down, too much of a weight to lift."Miss Greengrass, I would appreciate it if you would let my patient rest rather than asking her to relive her experience," Madam Pomfrey said, bustling over. "Here, Miss Potter, have some chocolate. And there's a Pepper-Up Potion there. I'll have to check for concussion in a moment once your brother's been seen to - falling from so high up, it's a miracle he hasn't broken every bone in his body."She turned away, hurrying to Harry and scattering the mob of Gryffindor Quidditch players. Calla couldn't bring herself to watch as she checked Harry for broken bones, and instead she concentrated on the bar of chocolate Pomfrey had given her, which started to make her feel a little bit better. "Would you like some?" she offered Padma and Daphne, who both shook their heads firmly."You're the one who fainted," Daphne said. "So eat."It took another few minutes for Pomfrey to come over, wave her wand and declare that Calla had no concussion or injuries apart from a slight muscle strain in her right shoulder. She disappeared into her office a moment and the Gryffindor team, along with Ron and Hermione, broke into excited conversation."He must have fallen about thirty feet," Fred was saying quickly to George."More like fifty, I'd say," George countered. "Maybe more.""I've never seen Dumbledore so angry," Katie Bell said."I thought they weren't allowed inside the grounds?""They're not.""Well they certainly won't be now.""He's lucky the ground was so soft.""I thought he'd be dead for sure.""Do you think he's waking up?" Ron asked, and Calla tried to lift herself up to sitting so she could get a look in."Miss Potter," said Madam Pomfrey, "you are clear to go if you want to; but if you want to remain with your brother please feel free to. I'd recommend resting for the rest of the weekend, too." She turned as Flitwick entered with a bag, and they discussed it a moment."What do you think Dumbledore'll do?" Daphne asked in a whisper. "Surely he can't keep the Dementors here now?""Maybe he'll have to," Padma said. "As long as Sirius Black's still out there...""I want them gone as soon as I can," Calla said, shaking. "They're horrible things." Even now she cold feel the cold clawing between her ribcage."Harry!" Hermione gasped, and Calla diverted her attention back to her brother. "You're awake? How do you feel?"Harry just groaned. "What happened?""Dementors," said Fred. "Dumbledore's furious. You fell off your broom, must have been hundreds of feet. Dumbledore managed to slow down your fall, though.""We thought you'd died," said Alicia Spinnet.There was a moment's pause. "Wait, Where's Calla?""Over here," Daphne called for her, and the sea of Gryffindors parted so the twins could see each other. Calla raised a hand weakly."Dementors, too?" Harry asked.Calla nodded. "Lucky I was only in the stands and fainted." She shuddered, reliving the memory. A flash of green light; a scream. "That was terrifying, seeing you fall.""Do you feel okay?""As okay as I can. You look like you've been through it.""Yeah." Harry winced. "What's happened to the match, though?" he asked his team. "Are we getting a replay?"Everyone exchanged solemn looks. "Diggory got the snitch," George told him. "Just before he realised you'd fallen. He wanted a rematch, said it wasn't fair, but well, he won." Calla's heart sank for the Gryffindor team, and especially Harry, who looked devastated. He'd never lost a match before. "We think Wood's trying to drown himself in the showers.""So we lost?" Harry asked, voice dry.The Gryffindors nodded firmly. "I'd be worried about more than Quidditch if that was me," Padma said quietly to Calla and Daphne. Calla nodded; she still faint vaguely ill."It's not over though," Angelina Johnson said. "We lost by a hundred points, but if Hufflepuff loses to Ravenclaw and we beat Ravenclaw and Slytherin..."Calla drowned out the sound of the Gryffindors discussing probabilities of them winning the cup this year, and fell back against her pillow, eyelids heavy. All she wanted to do was curl up and sleep and wish that she could get rid of the brittle cold that had wrapped itself around her and sank into her bones. Eventually Pomfrey shooed the Gryffindor team out of the infirmary, so it was only Ron and Hermione left at Harry's bedside. "Can you walk, do you think?" Daphne asked Calla, and she trembled as she swung her legs off of the side of the bed, getting hazily to her feet. She felt a bit shaky, but with Daphne and Padma's help ultimately managed to make it over to sit on one of the stools next to Harry's bed. She clasped his hand tightly and tweaked a smile."Dumbledore's furious," Hermione told them in a shaking voice. "He's really angry, I've never seen him like that before. He ran onto the field when Harry fell," she told Calla. "He waved his wand and he sort of slowed you down as you went towards the ground, and he shot this silvery stuff at the Dementors. They left the stadium right away... He was furious they'd come onto the grounds, wasn't he, Ron? We heard him...""Then he magicked Harry onto a stretcher," Ron said. "And Calla-""You didn't faint right away," Daphne told her. "I think you went to see what was happening and we - we thought you were going to fall off of the railing." Her voice shook a bit. "So Padma and I, and Isobel - Isobel's with the others, we didn't want to crowd you - we pulled you back and then you fainted onto Padma. We took you down and McGonagall and Pomfrey managed to get you on a stretcher, too.""Did someone get the Nimbus?" Harry asked, and Calla frowned. Was that really his priority?"That's the thing," Hermione said awkwardly."We went looking for it," Ron said. "But it sort of... Flew into the Whomping Willow. And you know the Whomping Willow. It doesn't really like being hit.""Professor Flitwick brought it in just before you came around." And she picked up the bag by her side, tipped it upside down and out came the splintered, broken remnants of Harry's broom."Oh."XxThough Madam Pomfrey insisted Harry remain in the Hospital Wing for the remainder of the weekend, Calla was free to go once she felt up to it. A bar of chocolate, hot cocoa and a pepper-up Potion later, she was able to walk by herself again, and though she couldn't soothe the ever lingering, almost brittle feeling of being helpless in the face of a lurking threat, she was at least functional.She'd stayed with Harry until dinner, when she headed down to the Great Hall with Daphne and Padma. It felt better to be able to walk around the Hogwarts castle than being stuck in the Hospital Wing, though she found herself longing for the touch of Summer to warm her. After dinner, which had been mostly tasteless, she made excuses with her housemates, all of whom seemed concerned after her fainting, and went to visit Remus before the moon could make a true appearance.She turned down the corridor towards the Defense corridor when something came around the other direction, colliding with her. Calla leapt back with a small shriek, apologies on her lips, until she recognised Malfoy lurking under a hood. "What, Potter?" he sneered. "Scared I was a Dementor?"More than being aware of the truth of Malfoy's statements, she was becoming aware of their repetitiveness, too. "Leave me alone, Malfoy," she said smallly, wrapping her arms around herself.He smirked. "Seen Sirius Black anywhere yet? I'm sure he'll be back for you any day now-""I said leave me alone," she told him, clenching her fists and meeting his eyes, words cracking and breath sticking in her throat. "Please."For a long moment he just stared at her, and then muttered, "Scaredy Potter," and slunk off towards the Great Hall. Holding in her agitated sighs, Calla went down the corridor to Remus' office."It's just me," she told him through the crack in the door. "If you're up to visitors."There was the sound of a bolt sliding and Remus, looking pale and very tired, opened the door for her. "I must warn you," he said, "I've had my potion for tonight, but my transformation will no doubt arrive within the hour.""That's alright," she told him. "I just wanted to see you. I think McGonagall was supposed to tell you what happened at Quidditch?"He nodded heavily as Calla shut the door behind her. "How are you feeling? How's Harry? I wanted to see him as soon as I could, but given my condition I wasn't sure...""He's doing okay," Calla told Remus with as much of a smile as she could muster. "But his broom... Well, it got a bit of a beating.""Oh dear.""By the Whomping Willow." Remus squeezed his eyes shut."Poor thing. They put that tree up for me, you know, my first year. It leads to the Shrieking Shack in Hogsmeade - as I'm sure you've seen - and it allowed me to transform... Safely."Safely for the other students. But it wasn't safely for him, Calla thought, imagining her godfather as his eleven year old self, younger than she was, curled up alone after a night he couldn't remember. "You don't still use it now, do you?"He shook his head. "Thanks to the Wolfsbane Potion I have no need for it anymore. I can curl up in my own quarters and sleep the night as a tame wolf." He smiled; it was then Calla noticed truly the lines of scars along his face, scars made by claws. She wondered for the first time if they were his own. "And how are you, Calla?""I'm... Better. I think." He tilted his head. "I just feel cold.""Cold?""It's like it's around my chest, sort of near my heart. I think it's just a side effect of the Dementors." She smiled. "I am okay, though. I don't feel as frail as I did the first time!"Still, Remus frowned. "I've not heard of that being a side effect of Dementors," he said. "At least not as long lasting as this.""Oh." Calla frowned, not knowing at all what to make of that. Yet another thing to add to the list of ways the Dementors affected her worse than anybody else. "What... What do you think of that?""You said it was around your heart?" She nodded. "I don't know. I wish I did. I'll speak to Dumbledore." He shook his head. "It seems I have rather a lot to speak to Dumbledore about.""Does Dumbledore have to know?" Calla asked before she could stop herself. Remus looked at her strangely. "I - it's probably nothing. I don't want to cause any fuss, you've got enough to deal with and so does he.""Even so," Remus said. "We had best be cautious." He smiled at her warmly. "Would some tea warm you up? I must admit I'm running low, I should get some more soon.""Madam Pomfrey gave me hot chocolate and a pepper-up potion, and Daphne and Padma made me have a tea with my dinner. I think this is something that has to go away on its own.""If you're sure, then.""Er, Remus," Calla said, another thought occurring to her. "This time when I fainted, it was different in another way too. The first time, I'd heard a woman screaming, and so did Harry and he didn't say but... I heard more. I think the woman I heard was my mother." She left out the part about that snake like whisper in her ear that had made her tremble and fall apart, that had lodged the ice in her. She didn't think she could bring herself to tell anyone about that. Mine. I will take what I came here for. Remus dropped the parchment he'd been holding. It fell to the floor and drifted away. "You - you think you heard Lily?"She nodded, tears springing to her eyes. "When she - when You-Know-Who-"Remus wrapped his arms around her suddenly. "Oh, Calla," he whispered as she let herself cry. "It's alright. I'm so sorry you had to hear that.""I wish... I'd always wanted to know what Mum and Dad sounded like. I wanted to hear their voices, just once. But not like this! I don't want..." Her voice shattered. "I don't want this.""I know," Remus said, holding her tightly. "I know, Calla."The next day she'd wandered the castle on her own, thinking over things - History essays, Ancient Runes work, visions she'd had - and trying to avoid what really worried her. That voice, that seemed to haunt her now, always in the back of her mind. It seemed to grate over her skin, giving her the same shivers she might feel when someone raked their nails over a chalkboard. And she couldn't shake it, either.With that and her visions combined, she felt entirely unsettled, not to mention hopeless. She'd yet again fainted at the Dementors' presence and been unable to hold her own ground, and she told herself that she should have, she should have been better than this, but she couldn't be. She shuddered, arms wrapped tightly around herself. No matter how many books she read about Magical theory and how to better work with her magic, she wasn't able to. She hated that.She wandered for what felt like ages, not wanting to speak to anyone yet wishing that someone would come and find her. In the end it was Zach, Susan and Hannah who found her wandering herself, arms wrapped around her chest tightly, and her whole body shaking. "Calla," Zach said, as they caught up to her. He reached out to touch her shoulder but Hannah shook her head. "We- we just wanted to say we're sorry how the match ended. It wasn't fair."Hannah stepped forward to her. "Are you feeling alright?""I'm feeling..." Hopeless. Ill. Weak. "Better.""You're shaking," Susan pointed out. The three of them glanced between one another. "Come on," she said, and Hannah took her arm with a smile."Where?" Calla asked nervously, before she would move with them. Even Hannah's warm touch felt cold and numb to her."Greenhouses," Hannah said warmly. "Sprout always lets students go down if they want somewhere warm to sit, and the plants are relaxing. She told all us Hufflepuffs the first night of first year, if we ever needed somewhere to go, to go there.""Oh." Calla blinked, and then smiled at the thought. "Thank you."They went out together, and the fresh air, though cold, was kind to ease the nervous flush of her face. "Is your brother better?" Hannah asked quietly, with a nervous glance. "We wanted to check on him, but Pomfrey didn't want him crowded, and we didn't think any of the Gryffindors would be very keen on the idea.""Oh," said Calla. She felt like she was saying that a lot. "Yeah, he's feeling better. Madam Ponfrey's brilliant. We're going to see Remus - Professor Lupin - tomorrow morning when he's better. Hopefully," she added and hoped no one noticed the slip. "Harry's broom got wrecked, though."Zach winced. "Ouch. What happened?""Hit the Whomping Willow, from the sounds of what Ron said.""Poor broom," said Susan, shaking her head just as they turned and the Greenhouses came into sight. "See, Sprout's in there already."And indeed she was; so was Neville Longbottom. He looked up, surprised, when Calla entered with the rest of the Hufflepuffs, and then smiled. "How's Harry?" he asked, setting down a pot. "I saw him fall-""He's fine," she said, and smiled at Professor Sprout. "Hello, Professor. Um...""We told her you let students come here when they need it," Zach said, smiling apprehensively. "We figures Calla needs it.""Oh, of course," Professor Sprout said kindly, smile lighting up her warm face. "Now, dear, there are some plants everywhere if you want to tend to anything, those along the left wall all need watered and no doubt Neville here could keep you straight." Neville flushed pink, and Calla found herself grinning at him. "If you just want to sit in a bit of warmth and company, well, you're more than welcome to do that, too." Sprout moved over to her, smiling. "You look cold, dear. Come, take a seat. Zacharias, you know where the hot drinks are.""I'm alright, really, Professor," Calla said, sitting down. I think I'd just like... Somewhere to be."Sprout looked at her for a long moment before she eventually smiled. "Alright, dear. I'm always here if you'd like anything."Zach smiled as he sat down next to Calla, Susan and Hannah opposite. "You do look like you're shaking a little," he said. "Are you sure-""I'll be fine," she told him. "It's just the Dementors."

By Monday, classes had resumed as normal and Harry had returned to them. The cold, though, still followed Calla around, like a shadow of ice. She shivered between classes and curled up when she could, holding herself tightly. No matter how far the Dementors were, still just outside the grounds, she was sure that she'd never be able to shake that chill that they gave her. She was glad for the distraction that Monday's classes brought her. They started off with Charms, which Ravenclaw and Gryffindor, and between chats with her classmates and her brother, Calla found herself to actually be rather good at counter-spells. She'd been the first to undo the charm on the feathers Flitwick had levitated for them, and had managed it four minutes before Hermione."Well done, Miss Potter!" Flitwick had chirped, beaming. "That was very quickly picked up!She'd beamed back, and grinned at Harry. It was nice to know there was something she could do; who knew stopping spells from working was a talent? "Nice one," Daphne'd said, just before she tried to cast finite and made her feather levitate even higher. "Merlin. How'd you do it?"Calla shrugged. "I just kind of got it to stop. It helps to imagine the spell itself and it being blocked from the start."Daphne frowned, clearly concentrating very heavily on her feather. By the end of the class, both she and Padma had managed it, as had Lavender.Transfiguration went a lot less successfully, but that was hardly unexpected. Herbology, though, felt awful.Professor McGonagall had held her back a moment to ask how she was feeling after the Dementors, and by the time she'd assured McGonagall she was somewhat okay, she was running late. She sprinted down to the greenhouses, almost slipping on the still-soaked grass, and had mud all over her shoes already by the time she arrived."Sorry I'm late, Professor Sprout," she said quickly, panting a little. "I was speaking to Professor McGonagall.""That's alright, Miss Potter," said Sprout with a smile. "Join your group up the back there, we're starting on growing Valerian. I've given you different groups for this lesson; you'll join Miss Moon, Mr Goldstein and Mr Malfoy."Calla held back her sigh as she passed Daphne and Padma, who were sitting with Goyle and Theodore and looked at her sympathetically. Anthony gave her a smile, though, when she joined him."Morning, Potter," Malfoy greeted her with a sneer. "What was it this time? Another Dementor?""Leave her be, Malfoy," muttered Lily Moon, rolling her eyes. "Here." She handed Calla a plantpot and a handful of pale, pink-white seeds. "These are the diagrams, and these are the planting instructions.""Thanks," Calla said quietly, glancing over the diagrams. She'd heard of Valerian before - it was used widely in medieval Healing, and was still very useful in the modern day as a sedative and in some cases as a sort of magical anaesthetic. She shuffled over to stand between Anthony and Moon, taking the pot that stood before her."What'd McGonagall want?" Anthony asked."Just to see how I was feeling," Calla admitted quietly, glancing at Malfoy. "I think she's worried.""Yeah," Anthony said. "I'd be too." She frowned at him, wanting to ask what he meant. "You did great in Charms, by the way; Terry thinks so too. Neither of us managed it.""To be honest, I'm not sure how I did," Calla admitted, taking out the seeds for the Valerian. They were to put seven in per pot, and she counted them carefully in the palm of her hand. "Think it was a bit of a fluke.""Potter got a spell to work?" Malfoy asked, mocking incredulity. "That must have been a one-off."Calla turned her back on him, steadfastly focusing on her plantpot.When the time came for Defense Against the Dark Arts, Calla already found herself tired, trudging up the steps with the other girls. "Do you think Lupin'll be back in today?" Mandy asked. "I couldn't stand another lesson with Snape.""He should be," Calla said. If they did have to deal with Snape again she didn't think she'd manage to keep from losing another fifty house points.They lined up outside of the classroom, as the Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs filed out, all grinning and chattering excitedly. "He must be back," said Padma. "Thank Merlin."But Calla frowned. "Where's Harry?" she called over to Ron."Talking to Lupin," he replied over a startled Lavenderms head. "Bloody glad he's back!"They went on to their class, and Calla leaned against the wall, waiting on the door to open and Remus to let them all in. "How is Harry doing, Calla?" Isobel asked, frowning after Ron."He's fine," she said, glancing at where Malfoy and his little band of Slytherins stood gossiping. "He got lucky, all things considered."It took a long few minutes for Harry to leave the classroom so the rest of them could enter. "What was that about?" Calla asked as he past, and he shook his head."Tell you later!" he told her, grinning, and she was rugged along by the rest of her class into the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom for a lesson on Hinkypunks which was far better than anything Snape ever could have done.After the lesson was over, she and Daphne went to speak to Remus and agreed that they could go to his office that night to fight a Boggart together. He'd managed to procure one for practice, and it was already set up by the time the two girls arrived."Promise you won't tell anyone what my Boggart turns into?" Daphne asked Calla urgently just before they went in."Of course not," Calla said, squeezing her hand. "You'll be alright. Don't worry.""Yeah." Daphne squeezed her eyes shut. "I just... Never mind.""Are the two of you ready?" Remus called from behind the large wardrobe, and they nodded, getting their wands out. "Now, I don't expect either of you to be perfect. If it doesn't go as you want, that's fine, and it is nothing to be ashamed of." Calla thought she might have more of a use for that advice than Daphne did. "Who wants to go first?"Calla really didn't want to, but she caught the nervous look Daphne was giving her and smiled weakly. "I'll go. I've tried before, after all." Her mind was already starting to go over funny or amusing things for Tom Riddle to transform into; she'd compiled a list the evening before in the common room, with some input from Daphne, Padma and Isobel, and come up with no less than seven different ideas. Hopefully at least one of them would help her."Alright, then," said Remus gently, going to stand off to the side. "Remember, keep your focus. If you believe you can change its appearance, then you should be able to."Right, Calla told herself, gripping her wand tightly. Would she be able to do this? She didn't know, but she tried to force that thought into her head, determined to do this right. If Remus thought she could do it, and she had Daphne behind her, then she was determined to make it work. "I'm going to let it out now," Remus said. "If you're ready.""Yeah," Calla said, nodding quickly. "Yeah, I am. I can do it.""That's the spirit. Alright then."He reached out to the clattering wardrobe, and yanked the door open. Calla jumped back as something leapt out, a confused shape that took a moment in the air before it formed. Dark hair, pale face, tall. A sort of mist surrounded the young Riddle as Calla stepped back, tightening her grip on her wand. He was reaching towards her, for something. That voice rattled around in her mind. Mine.Number one on her list... A clown. She tried to imagine him with a red wig and nose, but he was still reaching out to her, still coming closer. Her cheeks flushed as she stumbled back, head spinning. What had she been thinking of? Calla squeezed her eyes shut, trying to block out the rest of the room. Her gut rolled. Focus, she told herself, but that other voice found its way into her head too. Do not try to fight.She gripped her wand tighter. Their next option had been to imagine him as a very leafy tree, based on the fact that Isobel had almost screamed at the idea and also trees weren't very prone to trying to murder people. So Calla focused on that, imagining him stopping, completely frozen, rooted to the grounds. He couldn't come closer to her. She concentrated very, very hard on that image, and shouted, "Riddikulus!"He stopped but didn't change. The Riddle seemed stuck, swaying awkwardly on his feet, eyes wide and staring at her. She panted, stepping back and glanced at Remus. "Unorthodox," he said, "but that seems to have done something. Daphne, would you try?"Daphne paled, but nodded. "Oh... Okay.""You'll be fine," Calla said, grateful to be stepping away from the Boggart Riddle. "Good luck."As Daphne took her place, she leaned against the armchair next to Remus. "Was that alright?""It was better," Remus told her, smiling. So, no, she thought. "Daphne?"The Boggart was beginning to move again, jerking. Calla watched it, frowning as it seemed to flicker between forms, trying to keep a hold on one thing. It curled in on itself and then burst.Smoke curled out from the spot where the Boggart had been, writhing like a snake. Daphne went very pale, knuckles white around her wand. She stumbled back, as the smoke seemed to form, marking a shape in the air before the wardrobe; a skull with a snake coming out of its mouth. Calla heard Remus gasp, as the smoke turned to blood, the shape getting smaller and it poured against a white wrist."No," Daphne was whispering, shaking. "No, no I don't want that.""Daphne," Calla said quietly. "It's alright.""I - I can't think of anything," she whispered. "Calla!""It's okay," she said quickly. "Just... Anything even a bit less scary.""There isn't!" Daphne said, voice shaking. She was gripping her wand so tightly Calla thought it might break. "I... I don't know." She screwed her face up in concentration. "Riddikulus!"There was a crack as the smoke dissipated and left a small snake squirming on the ground. Daphne stared at it in horror, then glanced back at Calla and then at Remus. "Did- did it... I'm sorry.""Not at all," Remus said, straightening up. He looked a little shaken himself. "You performed the spell excellently, especially for your first attempt. Now," Remus bent down and picked up the snake, which slithered across his hands. "Back into the wardrobe you go, eh?"He was surprisingly gentle with the thing, and then slammed the door. "Very good for tonight.""What was that thing?" Calla asked, before she could stop herself. Daphne was still staring at the spot where the Boggart had been, tears glistening in her eyes. "Daphne?""I think perhaps we should leave this for tonight, Calla," said Remus, very gently. "You both did very well, and no doubt you'll need some time to come to yourselves.""I'm fine," Daphne said, voice very quiet. "Thanks, Professor. I didn't want to... Do that in front of everyone. I'm glad I didn't.""Of course," Remus replied. "If either of you need any extra help with any class work, you always know you can ask me."Calla knew there was something odd about that Boggart. It hadn't just shaken Daphne, but it had scared Remus, too. She didn't know many things that did that. "Come on," Daphne said quietly, tugging Calla's hand, and she followed her out with a grateful smile at Remus."What was that thing?" she asked in a whisper, when they were down the corridor."The Dark Mark," Daphne said quietly."What?""It's the mark of the Dark Lord's followers. It went up in the sky over... somewhere they'd killed someone. And the Death Eaters would have it on their arms, when... When they chose to follow him.""And that's-""Can we go to the dorm now?" Daphne asked her quickly, and Calla blinked."Oh. Yeah, of course, I-""I just don't want to talk about this right now. Maybe - maybe later."She strode off and Calla stared after her, feeling chilled. That wasn't at all what she'd expected Boggart's to be... Though she didn't exactly know what she had expected it to be either.The days faded from November to December and the world outside Hogwarts grew colder. Those Monday evenings spent in North Tower were becoming increasingly repetitive, as every time Calla looked into the fire she always saw the same things - the rat, the dog, the wolf, the stag, the crows - with only a few flickering exceptions. Trelawney decided that they'd move onto crystal balls, which the general class wasn't due to study before the end of the second term. "I sense Palmistry may not be your greatest gift," Trelawney had told her, which was fair, since she had no idea what any of the lines meant and nothing really came to her mind.The Ravenclaw Common Room was also livelier than ever with their astounding Quidditch victory over Hufflepuff. "We could win this year!" Mandy kept saying to anyone who would listen. "We could do it, if we keep this up, the team played fantastic!"For a solid week after the match, the Ravenclaw Tower was divided by those who insisted on studying and those who, spurred on by the promise and allure of the holidays just around the corner, insisted on celebrating the Quidditch victory in increasingly ridiculous but certainly inventive ways."Aren't you lot meant to be the dignified sort of house?" Susan had laughed when Calla told her and Zach about it in Ancient Runes."I don't think anyone seems to care about dignity anymore," Calla said defeatedly; she'd been awoken the night before by a series of fireworks going off in the common room, and a massive bronze eagle that had soared into their dormitory, woken everyone else up and then promptly sat on her head and refused to move for half an hour. "I think it is a bit soon to be celebrating, though." She was just glad this was her last class of the day, so she could get some sleep."If I can draw everyone's attention to this transliteration chart," Babbling began loudly, pointing to her chalkboard with her wand. She opened her mouth to speak again but was interrupted by an owl screeching through the window. Everyone jumped except Professor Babbling, who seemed perfectly calm as the owl settled on Calla's desk, right on top of her notes."Er," she said, looking around. There was a piece of parchment attached to the owl's leg. "Should I-""You may read your note," Babbling said with a smile. "But please send the owl on its way, Miss Turpin looks quite unimpressed with it."Calla nodded, giggling as she snuck a look at Lisa. She took off the note and the owl flew away again, soaring out the window. Professor Dumbledore asks that Calla Potter visit his office at seven o'clock this evening, it said. The password is Sugar Quill."What's it say?" Zach asked, leaning over, and Calla shook her head, tucking the note safely away in her pocket."Dumbledore wants to see me," she whispered. "Don't know why."Zach made a face. "Good luck.""Now," Babbling continued, pointing to her chalkboard, "if we look at the structure of elder and younger runes, we can see a simplification of the lines and the shapes of the runes as well as a change to the origins of their meanings..."After dinner, when Calla had finished the first part of the homework Professor Babbling had sent them on the evolution of runes as a method of writing, she set her notes down in the dormitory, straightened her tie and made sure her cloak was fastened neatly before making her way up to Professor Dumbledore's office. She could see him pacing in the corner of the Marauder's Map, and when she found her way to the office she folded it into her pocket and said to the gargoyle statue, "Sugar quills!"There was a grinding of stone as the gargoyle moved away, revealing the winding staircase that led to Dumbledore's office. She hurried up the stairs and knocked once, loudly, on the door. It swung open for her, to reveal Dumbledore standing behind his desk. He smiled. "Ah, Miss Potter. Please take a seat."She moved nervously to sit on the chair by Dumbledore's desk. "Good evening, Professor," she said politely."It is indeed," he said, clasping his hands behind his back. "Tell me, how are you feeling?""Sir?""I trust you have recovered from the Dementors last week?""Oh. Er, yes. Mostly, anyway. I still feel kind of cold." Dumbledore nodded serenely. "I don't really know why, but I - I do feel better than I did!""I am glad to hear it, Miss Potter," Dumbledore said. "When Professor Lupin told me of your symptoms I admit I was rather alarmed. I am glad you are feeling better; but there are also many things I think we ought to discuss." He paused a moment and sat down. "Last year I assisted you, for a short time, in managing your mind with regards to your visions. Professor Trelawney has told me that you are doing very well under her tutelage." His eyes twinkled and Calla nodded, flushing. "But I am interested in how your magic is working this year. Your teachers all report good work and grades, with Professor Babbling being especially complimentary. At the end of last year, though, you did say that you felt a certain drain on your power. I wonder if you still feel something similar?"She contemplated his question for a long moment before replying. "I suppose, yes. It's not quite the same, but I do feel drained. And I feel weaker, when the Dementors are around but I don't think it's necessarily affecting my magic so much as it just makes me feel weak in general. Like, I was really shaky and I kept trembling and... I don't know, sir. I don't really know how to describe it. I feel cold, too, but persistently. It's not just when I'm near them, I still feel cold after.""May I ask where you feel cold?""Just sort of around my chest, I suppose. And sort of where my heart is."Dumbledore looked at her for a long moment, considering. "I don't suppose this has affected your visions at all?""Not really," Calla told him. "Although, I do keep seeing the same thing in fire omens. It's always the same, more or less."Dumbledore frowned, moving forward to lean on his elbows. "And what is it that you see?""It's... These animals. A wolf, a dog - they're different, ones upright and the wolf has a longer snout - a rat and a stag. And crows, loads of them. Usually seven."Dumbledore leaned back, looking thoughtful. Calla wished she could see what he was thinking, what plausibilities he was coming up with. "Are you familiar with the old rhyme about numbers of crows?"Calla nodded. "One's sorrow, two's joy, three's a girl, four's a boy. Five's for silver, six is for gold. Seven's for a secret...""Never to be told." Dumbledore nodded slowly. "I do wonder, Miss Potter. Might you have any ideas what that secret is?"She stared at him, flabbergasted. "No?" When he didn't say anything more, she added, "If it's never to be told I don't think it's anything I could know now.""A rational conclusion to come to," Dumbledore said pleasantly. He looked at her curiously. "Is there anything else you wish to tell me about, Miss Potter?"She thought back to that voice she'd heard, the hiss in her ear. Mine. "No, Professor," she said quietly. "I suppose I just want answers, about why the Dementors affect me like they do.""That I cannot say for certain, Miss Potter. But it is possible that the particular... Horrors of your past, have drawn them to your soul. They feed on fear and sadness, and you have an awful lot of that, especially for a thirteen year old. Do not be ashamed of it, Calla," he told her gently. "You are, I think, far stronger than you allow yourself to believe."She smiled awkwardly at him, though his words didn't feel at all that. "Thanks, Professor," she said quietly. "I wish I was."XxWith December came the announcement of another Hogsmeade visit, this one on the last day before the Christmas holidays. Harry had complained about it ceaselessly while she tried to help him with their Divination homework in the library. "Harry, you know it's too dangerous," she whispered. "I'd like to go, but I'm not going to risk my life for it - and I'm not letting you risk yours, either.""Ron said that-""I don't care what Ron said," Calla sighed. She absently patted her pocket where the map was, just to make sure it was still there."You can't tell me what to do, you know.""No, but I think McGonagall, Remus, Dumbledore and Cornelius Fudge can, Harry."He rolled his eyes. "No one will even know.""They will if you get hurt," she hissed back. "Now do you want me to help you with your homework or not?"XxDespite having asked McGonagall and Flitwick if she could be permitted to stay in Gryffindor Tower for the night, seeing as she was the only other student still there, Calla was confined to Ravenclaw for all the nights of the holiday. "You can come in in the morning, though," Harry and Ron promised her, though Hermione had frowned her disapproval. "The password's scurvy cur."So on Christmas morning, she woke up bright and early and got washed and dressed hastily. There was a small stack of presents at the foot of her bed, though she'd promised Harry that she wouldn't open any without him. Matilda was prodding at one silver-wrapped package in particular, claws dragging over the wrapping paper. Moony, who was perched on the end of Daphne's bed, gave a very judgmental hoot and stared down at the little kitten. "Stop that," Calla told Matilda, tutting. "They're for later." Matilda stared at her with massive, confused amber eyes. "No, Matilda." Matilda mewed and then padded away to sit on top of Calla's copy of 'The Giver' with her tail wrapped around the stem of Calla's lampshade.She scooped up her presents, as well as the ones she was going to give to Harry and Ron, into a small bag and hoisted it over her shoulder. She'd put on her blue jumper Mrs Weasley had made her last Christmas, though it was beginning to get a little short in the arms. "Come on, Matilda," she said, and the little kitten cane to follow at her heels. Moony gave a hoot and in a great flutter of feathers, sat on Calla's shoulder, one great wing hitting her in the cheek. "Ow!"Moony huffed in response, and Calla shook her head as she led the two of them out of the common room. It was nice not having anyone around to tell her it was weird, or to stare at her. When she went up to Gryffindor Tower it was still dark outside, and Sir Cadogan, the new portrait guard, was snoozing on the back of his horse. "Excuse me?" she said quietly, and the knight snorted loudly. "Um, sir? Sir Cadogan?" Moony hooted loudly and he startled, almost slipping off of his horse."Aha!" he cried, hoisting his sword in the air. "Who seeks to enter?""Um, Calla," she said. "I've got the password! Scurvy cur?""You are worthy of entry!" He declared, and the portrait swung away to reveal a gaping hole in the wall. It occurred to Calla that this was not a very secure method of gatekeeping; but neither was the riddle eagle that guarded the Ravenclaw Common Room."Thanks," Calla said, and then, "Merry Christmas!""Merry Christmas to you too, fair maiden!"She stood awkwardly in the common room for a moment, not actually sure what way was Harry and Ron's dormitory. She found the sign above a staircase that said 'Boys' and headed that way. "Harry!" she shouted along the hallway and a moment later, there was the slam of a door, a muffled conversation, and then Ron and Harry's heads both poked out the fourth door along."Calla!" Harry called, and she set off towards them, grinning. "Merry Christmas!""Merry Christmas!" Calla called back, hugging Harry quickly. Moony flew off her shoulder in a huff, wing narrowly missing the top of Ron's head. She turned to Ron, and then paused awkwardly."Merry Christmas!" he said, and then turned to lead them back into the dormitory. "There's presents for you from Mum, by the way, Calla. I think it's just a jumper, but...""That's fantastic!" Calla said, beaming at Ron. "Tell her thank you so much!""Come on," Harry said, taking her by the arm and hiding her to sit on the floor with him and Ron. Matilda curled up in her lap and Ron gave her a suspicious look."Don't worry, she won't go for Scabbers," Calla promised. "Will you, dearie?""I've got you a present," Harry said, grinning as Moony settled on his shoulder instead of Calla's. "Well, I had to get Hermione to get it, technically.""Seeing as you wouldn't let him sneak out," Ron said with an unnecessary stern look at Calla."I've got you something too," Calla said, taking Harry's carefully wrapped present out of her bag and handing it over to him. "And don't look at me like that, Ron, it's for his own good.""You open yours first," said Harry, and Calla obliged, taking off the wrapping paper, which had several layers. A book fell out, followed by a soft pink and purple scarf and a slim box with a violet quill in it. "The ink automatically makes your handwriting nearer than it is," Harry said and Calla shot him a playful glare; he'd made more than a few comments about the state her handwriting got to when she was in a rush. "And I didn't know if you'd read the book or not, but it's about Runes and Hermione had recommended it too, so I thought you might."Runes of the Past and Their Place in the Present, read the rather lengthy title. "Thank you," Calla said, beaming. From the blurb, the book seemed to be about how Ancient Runes could be applied as fundamentals of magic nowadays, and how they could still be used and understood today. "It looks fantastic!""Try the scarf on, too," Harry told her, and she picked up its soft fabric, winding it around her neck."What do you think?""It suits you," Ron said, smiling. "Harry?""Yeah, it does. I'm glad, I wasn't sure if you'd like it or not.""I do!" Calla assured him, grinning. "It's fantastic, Harry! Open yours now."He grinned as he did so, unveiling a massive box of Honeydukes chocolate and new red Quidditch gloves. "I noticed your old ones were looking a bit worn," she told him, and he beamed."They were. Thanks, Cal!"She found herself smiling as they both turned to Ron, who was unwrapping a present from his family; a large box of homemade fudge. A maroon jumper lay next to him. "That looks good," Calla said, looking at it."You can have a bit," Ron offered. "Mum's fudge is always fantastic."He held open the box and Calla took a piece with a grin. Fudge for breakfast - she loved Christmas. Chewing, she took a soft package from her pile, and unwrapped it carefully, to reveal a woolly jumper with a shimmering silver C on it, in a midnight blue. She pulled it on immediately, and fluffed out her hair. Together with the scarf, it didn't quite go, but she thought both gifts were still wonderful. Harry had gotten a jumper too, scarlet with a lion on the front, and there was a Christmas cake for them all to share.From Remus was a large bar of chocolate and a really lovely silver and lavender notepad, and Daphne had given Calla a set of lip products - a colour gloss, a matte lipstick, and a sheen lipstick - that all apparently changed colour to suit not only the mood but her outfit. Padma had gotten her a very pretty headband encrusted with silver and purple glitter, and a silver bangle with a small blue stone set into it. She put both on, and tried out the lip gloss, which went a pale, cool pink shade. She grinned at her reflection in her mirror.But Harry and Ron's attention had just been drawn by something else. "Is that what I think it is?" Ron breathed, and Calla followed his gaze to a long, thin package lying at the bottom of Harry's pile. Her first thought went to a broom, but Harry already had a gift from Remus and she didn't know who else would send him a broom - certainly not the Dursleys.Harry tore open the packaging and his mouth fell open. "It is," he whispered, staring at it. "It's - Ron, Ron, I think it's a Firebolt!"Calla almost choked. Matilda gave a very confused purr. "A Firebolt?" she asked, leaning forward. "Are you sure?"Harry tore off the rest of the wrapping and nodded numbly. "Yeah. It's a real Firebolt."Who on Earth would be sending Harry a Firebolt? "Does it have a note?" she asked, and he shook his head. "Nothing.""It must be from Remus!" Ron said. "Surely!""Well, I never got an extra present from him," Calla huffed. "And he would have put a note with it too." Plus, she thought but didn't say, she knew her godfather didn't have the money to spend on a top of the range broom even if it was for Harry."Dumbledore, then?""Hardly," Harry said. "He can't go around giving students things like this.""He gave you the Invisibility Cloak, though," Ron pointed out."That's different," Calla said. "That was Dad's. This...""This is a Firebolt." Harry shook his head. "Wow.""Imagine Malfoy's face," Ron said, giving a great whoop of laughter. "He'll be sick when he sees you on this, Harry!"Harry laughed, but Calla stared at the broom, feeling suddenly uneasy. Who would have given Harry this broom? "What're you two laughing about?" Hermione's voice asked from the doorway. She entered in her dressing gown, holding a tinsel-wrapped Crookshanks, who looked at Matilda like he was jealous she had gotten away without any festive decorations. "Oh, hello, Calla. Merry Christmas." She turned back to the boys, and her gaze landed on the Firebolt. "Is that-""Don't bring him in here!" Ron said sharply, looking at Crookshanks as he grabbed Scabbers from his bed and stuffed him safely into his pyjama pocket.Hermione didn't listen to him, though. She let Crookshanks down next to Matilda, who padded over to him happily and nuzzled his tinsel bound neck, much to the old cat's annoyance. "Oh, Harry, who got you that?""No idea," Harry told her. "There wasn't a card or anything."Hermione's face turned to vague excitement into a look of apprehension. "What's the matter with you?" Ron asked."I don't know, but, it's a bit odd, isn't it? I mean, it's meant to be quite a good broom.""It's the best broom there is, Hermione," Ron told her exasperatedly."So it must have been really expensive...""More than all the Slytherins' brooms put together," Ron said proudly.But Calla thought Hermione was sharing the same worried thoughts as she was. "Well," said Hermione, "who would send Harry such an expensive broom as that and not even leave a note to tell him they left it?""Who cares?" Ron asked. "Listen, Harry, can I have a go on it after you, can I?""I don't think anyone should be going on that broom just yet," said Hermione."What's he going to do with it then, sweep the floor?" Harry and Ron both snorted. Calla looked at them worriedly."You don't think Sirius Black might have sent it, do you, Hermione?" Calla asked in a small voice. It might be cursed, whispered a voice, but then again, it didn't make sense. The Firebolt looked genuine enough, and both of the boys agreed; who would spend so much money on a broom only to curse it?But before Hermione could answer, Crookshanks had suddenly sprang away from Matilda and leapt towards Scabbers, who trembled in Ron's pocket. Moony flapped and took off, soaring over to Matilda who just stared at the scene, watching Scabbers wriggle curiously. Both of them were watching, actually, their eyes set, and Calla noticed that Moony had curled his wing around Matilda as though protecting her - or holding her back.Scabbers attempted an escape over Ron's shoulder, but as he tried to grab his tail he misjudged an attempt at Crookshanks and Moony shrieked, lunging forwards. "No!" Calla shouted, trying to catch Moony though she had no idea how. "Moony, don't you dare!"Moony turned around with narrowed eyes, but Calla met his glare and forced him to relent. The owl landed on the floor again, but still glared at Scabbers. A shrill sound filled the air, spooking Matilda, who turned and ran out of the room. Calla shot to her feet, sprinting after her, while Ron and Hermione yelled at one another in the boys' dormitory."Matilda!" she called, but the cat had disappeared. "Matilda, for goodness' sake, come back here!"With a sigh, she went back on down the corridor, eyes peeled for her kitten. At one point Moony flapped back over to her and sat on Calla's head, wings spread widely like he was just preparing to take flight. She finally found Matilda shivering and curled up by the fireplace."Hey, girl," she said gently, holding out her hand. "It's alright. Did the sneakoscope scare you?" Matilda meowed, and then yawned. "It's okay," she whispered. "Come on, come to me. I'll get them to shut it up."But Matilda wouldn't move. Calla frowned. "What's wrong?"Moony fluttered off of her head and stood beside Matilda. The owl blinked up at Calla in an important sort of way, but she had no idea why. "The two of you stay here," she said quietly. "I'll go speak to the others and then we'll go to breakfast."As she stood up, though, she caught sight of something in the fireplace. A human face that turned into that of a dog, that turned into a forest where animals ran along together, flashing in the shadows of the firewood. She frowned, leaning closer and tucking her hair out of the way. "What are you trying to tell me?" she whispered at the fireplace. Its only answer was a hiss as another log sparked and she had to withdraw. "I'll be a moment," she promised Moony and Matilda, climbing the staircase to Harry and Ron's dormitory again.The others were all just heading out, Hermione holding Crookshanks very tightly and still muttering about Ron trying to kick him, while Ron complained to Harry about how murderous Crookshanks clearly was and what a feral cat he was. "I've got your presents," Harry told Calla, holding out her bag to her."Thanks," she said. "I think Matilda just got spooked by all the noise.""Poor thing," Hermione said, and Ron glared at her."See, Calla knows how to discipline her pets!""Discipline?" Hermione said shrilly.Calla winced. "They're really annoyed at each other," she whispered to Harry as the other two started up their arguing again."They've been like this all year," he said, sighing.When they got back down to the Common Room, Calla decided to take Matilda and Moony to breakfast, where she saw Remus looking tired but otherwise alright. "Merry Christmas!" she said cheerfully, and Matilda mewed happily in Remus' direction."Merry Christmas, Calla," he told her, smiling as far as he could. "Are the others joining you?""I don't know," she said. "Probably at some point, but Ron and Hermione have fallen out because Crookshanks attacked Scabbers." Remus raised his eyebrows. "Apparently it happens quite a lot, Harry says anyway.""Well, here's hoping they'll put aside their differences for Christmas." Remus smiled.Calla nodded. "Do you know what time lunch is? I'm just having a small breakfast, I want to start reading the book Harry got me about runes. Thank you for the present, by the way.""You're very welcome. And lunch is at around two, I think," Remus told her. "Though I'm afraid I won't be able to join you."She frowned a moment before she realised why. "Oh. I'm sorry, I didn't realise-""It's quite alright," he said warmly. "Though I dare say I ought to be going now, I don't feel particularly well.""Can we see you at some point tomorrow?" Calla asked. "Me and Harry?""Of course," Remus said, smiling. "Enjoy your lunch - and tell Harry a merry Christmas from me, wherever he is.""I will do!" she said, but just before they parted ways she turned around. "Remus? I - I wanted to ask. Did you get Harry the Firebolt?"It was clear from the look on his face that he had not; Calla's stomach sank. Maybe Hermione was right. "Firebolt?" he repeated slowly. "No, I did not.""Right." Calla floundered. She thought maybe Harry would be annoyed - no, he would definitely be annoyed - but she'd rather he be safe. Though she hadn't Seen anything that had necessarily given her reason to think the Firebolt would end up hurting him, she didn't want to risk it. "See, hes been sent a Firebolt and it didn't say who from and we - well, Hermione and I - thought it was a bit odd. We didn't know who might have sent it, and... Well, I think Hermione thinks the same as me, that it might have been tampered with." She sucked in a breath. "I haven't Seen anything to do with it, I don't think it really has because it doesn't make sense to buy such an expensive broom only for it to be tampered with, there are much cheaper options, but it is a bit suspect. I just... Wanted to check with you."Remus shook his head slowly, looking very suddenly tired, and worried. "The broom ought to be checked, nonetheless. We can't have Harry flying something that might be dangerous." He gave a small smile. "I'm sure it'll be fine, but just in case. I'll say to McGonagall."Calla nodded, and took a piece of toast from the table. "Thanks." She smiled. "And I hope you feel better soon!"She spent the rest of the day until lunchtime in the library, reading her new book and making notes and fiddling with her thoughts. The book had presented the idea that runes, once drawn or etched onto an object, could with sufficient magical energy, clarity and intention, imbue the object in question with magical qualities similar to charms or enchantments. It was complicated work, apparently, and required precision as well as direction, but it made her think.The Marauder's Map, though she didn't know how it had been created, had been made with traditional wand spells to imbue the parchment with magical qualities. If she could replicate it with runes... Well, she supposed if she could do it someone else must have by now, but she'd seen very little evidence of it in practice. The only person she'd seen use runes in that way was Professor Babbling, and she was an expert in her field. Calla was a third year who could still barely turn a rat into a goblet and was the only one who'd failed to fight off a Boggart.She snapped her book shut, scraped her notes together and went to lunch.As it happened, she ran into Harry, Ron and Hermione on the way down. "Where did you run off to?" Ron asked of her when they met."Breakfast," she said simply, "and then I went to the library for a bit.""The library? On Christmas. Blimey, you're getting worse than Hermione!"Calla laughed, though Hermione didn't. "I was reading the book Harry gave me. It's really interesting, actually!"Harry grinned. "Good. I didn't understand any of it, but I'm glad you do."She bumped against his shoulder, grinning. "One day I'll explain Runes to you," she told him, and he shuddered."You really don't have to."As they entered the Great Hall, Calla realised that it had been set up differently than this morning. All the other tables had been pushed to the side and the staff table was set out for thirteen. Calla recalled a superstition Trelawney had told her - when thirteen dine together, the first to rise shall be the first to die - but banished it. Superstition was not the same as Divination; but she did wish there was one other person there to even the numbers."Ah," Dumbledore said, rising as they entered, "good afternoon, and Merry Christmas to you all. Please sit." His eyes twinkled in Calla's direction and she smiled as she sat in between Harry and a Hufflepuff first year who was a cousin of Zach's and whose name she was fairly certain was Rosie."Are you Rosie?" she asked, glancing around the table as Dumbledore persuade a very sour looking Snape to pull a Christmas cracker with him.Rosie jumped, surprised at having been addressed. "Em, yes. Rosie Smith. This is my friend Derek, he's in Hufflepuff too.""Nice to meet you," Calla said politely. "You're Zach's cousin, aren't you? I'm Calla.""I know," said Rosie in a small voice. "He's told me about you." Calla tried to still the heat of the blush that rose to her cheeks."Oh," she said awkwardly. "That's nice." Hermione shot her a curious look, and the the door slammed open again.Calla turned around to see Trelawney gliding into the Hall, in a long emerald shawl, a glittering green dress and her glimmering oversized spectacles. She beamed at her. "Hello, Professor," Calla greeted cheerfully, and Rosie stared."Ah, Sybil," greeted Dumbledore pleasantly, standing. "This is a pleasant surprise!""I have been crystal gazing," said Trelawney mystically, "and to my surprise I saw myself abandoning my solitary luncheon and comin to join you. Who am I to resist the promptings of fate? I at once hastened to leave my tower, and I hope you will forgive me my lateness...""Certainly, certainly," Dumbledore said, eyes twinkling. "Let me draw you a chair.""Thank you, Professor," Trelawney said, but as she moved forward Calla caught her pause, taking in the number gathered at the table. She stared at Dumbledore, eyes wide, and sat down very suddenly, squeezing her eyes shut nervously."Tripe, Sybil?" McGonagall asked in a weary sort of voice.Trelawney opened her eyes again and looked around. "But where is dear Professor Lupin?""I'm afraid the poor fellow is unwell again," said Dumbledore calmly. "Quite unfortunate that it would fall on Christmas Day.""But surely you know that already, Sybil?" McGonagall said thinly.Professor Trelawney gave McGonagall a cold look; Calla stared at her, surprised. Clearly McGonagall was not a fan of Trelawney's at all."Certainly I knew, Minerva," said Trelawneycoldly. "But one does not parade the fact that one is All Knowing. I frequently act as though I am not possessed of the Inner Eye, so as not to make others nervous." Calla really didn't think that was the case, but she kept her mouth shut. Hermione had a smug look on her face, like she was about to burst into laughs at Trelawney's expense."That explains a great deal," said Professor McGonagall tartly.Professor Trelawney's voice suddenly took on a far harder edge and she leaned forward, eyes intense and hard. "If you must know, Minerva, I have seen that poor Professor Lupin will not be with us for very long. He seems aware, himself, this his time is short. He positively fled when I offered to crystal gaze for him ""Imagine that," said Professor McGonagall dryly."I doubt," said Dumbledore, in a cheerful but louder and certainly authoritative voice, "that Professor Lupin is in any immediate danger. Severus, you've made the potion for him again?""Yes, Headmaster," said Professor Snape, eyes sweeping the table."Then I am sure he will be quite alright." Dumbledore's eyes glimmered. "Derek, have you tried any of the chipolatas? They are quite scrumptious."They sat there for hours, chattering and eating, and when Calla was beginning to full nth full and pleasantly tired, she, Harry and Ron all rose to leave the table. "Are you coming, Hermione?" Ron asked, and she shook her head seemingly nervously. Calla frowned."I'll just be a moment," she said, and the boys shrugged, leading Calla along with them.She made to turn down the corridor towards the part of the castle where the Ravenclaw Tower was, but Harry put a hand on her arm and pulled her back."Come on, you can stay in the common room for a bit, surely? It's not like anyone's going to mind.""Alright, then," she said, quite pleased by the offer especially after she'd already left them earlier on in the day. Clearly none of them had taken it as an affront.Harry was just talking to her about the Firebolt and its "excellent manoeuvrability" when the portrait hole opened and Hermione came in, followed by McGonagall. Hermione hurried into an armchair and buried her head in a book, looking quite anxious.McGonagall looked like she was about to speak and then closed her mouth sternly as she looked at Calla. "Miss Potter, I thought I told you that you were not permitted to stay in the Gryffindor Tower dormitories over the holidays?""I'm not staying the night, Professor," she told her quickly. "But I wanted to spend time with Harry and our friends, and there's no one else in Ravenclaw Tower. I'd just be sitting on my own. And it is Christmas."McGonagall pursed her lips, indecision flickering on her face. "Very well. I'll permit it now and now only. And not a word to anyone else about this exception; these are special circumstances." Her gaze turned to the Firebolt that Harry was still holding. "Is that it, then, is it?" She walked over, eyeing the Firebolt beadily. "Miss Granger has just informed me that you have been sent a broomstick, Potter."All three of them turned to stare at Hermione, who reddened and sank further down in the chair to cover her face entirely. "May I?" Professor McGonagall asked, not waiting for Harry's answer before she took the Firebolt from him. She examined it carefully from top to tail. "And there was no note, Potter? No card? No message of any kind, at all?""Um, no, Professor," said Harry.Her mouth settled into a thin line. "I'm afraid I shall have to take this.""What?" Ron spluttered."What for?" Harry asked, staring at McGonagall as if she'd gone completely out of her mind."It will have to be checked for jinxes," McGonagall said. "Professor Flitwick and Madam Hooch will want to strip it down.""Strip it down?" Ron asked hollowly."What do you mean, strip it down?""It shouldn't take more than a few weeks," McGonagall told him crisply. "You will have it back as soon as we are sure it is jinx-free.""But there's nothing wrong with it!" Harry insisted. Calla was on the verge of correcting him but didn't want either Harry or Ron to turn their growing ire on her."You cannot know that," McGonagall said kindly. "Not until you've flown it, at any rate, and I'm afraid that is quite out of the question until we are absolutely sure it has not been tampered with. And Miss Potter," she added, and Calla jumped, "I expect you to be out of this tower by ten o'clock this evening, you understand?" Calla nodded fervently. "Good. Mr Potter, I will keep you informed about the state of your broom."Then she swept out of the common room, holding the broom tightly in her hands. Harry and Ron both rounded on Hermione."What'd you tell her for?" Ron exploded. "Why'd you have to go running to McGonagall, eh?"Hermione shrank back, looking quite upset. Calla lingered silently, not wanting to disrupt anything by taking a side. "I can't win on a school broom!" Harry told her. "And we have to win our next match!""I know, but I-""Why would you do that?""Because," she said, trembling, cheeks having gone quite pink, "I think - and McGonagall agrees with me - that that broom might have been sent to Harry by Sirius Black!"The common room fell into silence. "I think," Calla said nervously, voice very quiet but still loud enough to break the silence, "Hermione might have a point.""You just don't want Ravenclaw to be beaten!" Ron said, pointing an angry finger at her."No!" Calla retorted, quote offended at his conclusion. "I just think we ought to be on the safe side! And McGonagall will do everything she can to make sure you can fly it by the time the match comes, you know that, she loves Quidditch." Harry was staring at her incredulously."What're you taking her side for?""I'm not taking sides," Calla told him irritably. "I just don't want to see you getting hurt." She left out that she'd told Remus about the Firebolt before Hermione had told McGonagall. She didn't want them even more angry with her."The broom's fine! I've been with it all day!""I know," Calla said as kindly as she could. "And I'm sure it will be fine, but if McGonagall thinks it could be dangerous, we should at least let her check."Ron muttered something under his breath and stomped up to the dormitory. Hermione sent Calla what looked like a grateful smile, but Harry was still staring at her. "Fine," he said at last. "But I'm still not happy about this. That was the best broom in the world.""I know," Calla said. "I'm sure you'll get it back fine."They sat in a slightly uneasy silence after that. Hermione went to her dormitory alone and didn't return, and Ron only came down after she'd gone, and didn't talk to Calla very much. By the time it reached twenty to ten she was not too upset at all to be returning to Ravenclaw Tower; it was silent and lonely, but at least no one there was angry with each other.XxOn Boxing Day, just before twelve, Calla abandoned the silence of the Gryffindor Common Room and made her way down to Hagrid's hut at the edge of the forest. It was quiet in the grounds, and peaceful among the cold. Smoke was rising gently from Hagrid's chimney and Calla smiled as she raised a hand to knock on the door.The door was wrenched open and Hagrid appeared, looking around and then focusing on her. His eyes widened. "Calla, you oughtn't be out here on your own!""It's still perfectly light out here," she insisted. "And the middle of the day. I know my way about, Hagrid, don't worry about me."Hagrid looked like he was debating something very heavily indeed, but then he sighed. "Well, I suppose you oughta come in then, Calla. The others not with you?""They've all fallen out again," Calla explained with a sigh, as she slipped inside Hagrid's warm hut. "Crookshanks - Hermione's cat - has been attacking Scabbers. Well, more like chasing him, and Ron's furious. And then Harry got given a Firebolt but Hermione told McGonagall about it because she thought it could be dangerous - and I agree, I think it should be checked - but they're both furious over that, too! I agreed, and I think Ron's still a bit angry with me about that, too." She shook her head. "But I don't want to talk about that, I don't think I've seen you in ages, Hagrid, outside of classes, at least."Hagrid nodded. "Aye. Well, as a matter o' fact, I've - I've got a bit o' bad news about that.""About your classes?" Calla felt like kicking herself. She knew that the governors had still been debating Hagrid's fate as a teacher, and she'd meant to ask and help him, but she'd entirely forgotten with one thing and another. "What's happened? They're not sacking you, are they? We can't let them - Dumbledore won't-""Naw, it's worse than that," Hagrid said. He blew his nose loudly on his tablecloth. "I got off but Buckbeak. Well, Lucius Malfoy was pushin' and pushin' and there - there'll be a hearin'. 20th of April, the letter says.""Well we've got time then!" Calla said urgently. "I can help you, I'm good at researching, collecting eveidence, everything like that! And I'll ask Hermione, and Ron and Harry'll want to help, and Daphne and Padma!" She flung herself at Hagrid and hugged him as tightly and as reassuringly as she could. "I promise we'll all help you, Hagrid! We'll make sure you win your case, I promise!"

The rest of the holidays was spent in a very awkward area. Ron and Harry had forgiven Calla for agreeing with Hermione, but had by no means forgiven Hermione. They seemed to be avoiding her as best they can, which also meant avoiding the library; which unfortunately was one of the places Calla liked to frequent, as well as one of the few places they could all meet since she hadn't been allowed back inside their common room.As such, she had tucked herself away in various corners of the castle, reading and making notes and thinking a lot about runes and the Marauder's Map. Remus had told her that they'd used a Homunculus Charm to track people's location, which was a very advanced piece of magic that Calla was certain she'd never be able to achieve with wand work. But with Runes... She wanted to at least give it a go. It likely wouldn't work, and she knew Runes could only rarely be used, but maybe that was because most people didn't try, resorting to spellwork. But that had never been her strong suit - she performed best in Charms, especially with Defensive magic, as she'd realised, but it was her essays and theory work that got her grades. She figured it at least couldn't hurt to try when she had a bit of free time, and honestly, she was curious what she could do.So far she'd managed to set her sights on three potential Runes that could be used or combined to recreate the charm. The mannaz rune would definitely be useful, but she had also looked at the raith rune, which meant journey and which she thought might be able to track a person. The last was the cn rune, which was from the Anglo Saxon Futhorc rune system, which had developed from the Elder Futhark system. It meant torch, and she thought possibly it may be able to illuminate a person's path.But the writing of the map also interested her. Clearly, her godfather and father had managed to enchant it to respond to people, whether by a specific coding and rotation of insults or by using a sort of system for their essences or memories to speak. She didn't want to replicate it exactly, but it had raised an idea. Wizards were very behind with Muggle technology - as proved by the fact that neither Daphne or Ron could use a telephone - and there had to be a quicker method of communication than owl post. That was when she'd considered enchanting the parchment to relay messages; but she didn't know how she could do that. The s rune did by some interpretations mean mouth, but it also meant God, and she didn't think it would be very successful.She'd thought on it for days but didn't get much further forward, and decided that she'd have to ask Professor Babbling about it when her teacher returned from her Christmas holidays, and ask Remus more about the original enchantments. Instead, she'd taken to drawing again; she was out of practice, but the familiar sound of pencil over Muggle paper was comforting in the quiet. Nothing she drew seemed to turn out right, though, and she found herself redrawing everything over and over again trying to get it to look how she pictured it.When the rest of the school returned it was both a blessing and a curse. It was nice for the common room to be filled with chatter again, but it also meant that Calla was again surrounded by people asking questions about her holiday and what she'd done and telling her all about what marvelous times they'd had. Daphne was particularly excited about a Muggle Polaroid camera that she seemed to have all but begged her parents to get her for Christmas. She insisted on taking a picture of all the girls in the dormitory the first night everyone was back, and beamed as it came out."You look tired," Padma observed later on that night, while the two of them were playing with Matilda. "Didn't you sleep over the holidays?""I did," she said shortly. "I've just been working on a lot of stuff, that's all."Padma frowned at her. "Like what? We only had that essay from Snape and the Ancient Runes homework - did you manage it alright?""Yeah," she said. "It's just... Extracurricular stuff." Padma was looking at her very strangely. It was fair, considering Calla didn't really do any official extracurricular like Frog Choir; usually mystery solving and saving the school didn't really allow for any of those. "I'll explain later.""Alright," Padma said, still looking confused as Daphne and Isobel came over."What's up?" Isobel asked, crouching by Matilda. "Here, kitty." She glanced up at Calla expectantly."I was just talking about the Ancient Runes homework," she lied. "I think it was okay but the part about differentiating younger runic systems confused me.""Merlin, I know," Daphne sighed. "There's so many but I'm sure they all look the same.""They really do," Isobel agreed, frowning. "I'm sure Babbling'll go over it, though. I just don't know what the runic expansions are going to be like."This term, as Babbling had told them before the holidays, they were going to be focused on expansions of Runes, which included amalgamated Runes as well as, in time, Runes that didn't belong to linguistic systems but to Magical practices; these were what Calla was most excited about. "I'm sure we'll get the hang of it," Padma said confidently. She gave Matilda's head a delicate little pat before she stood up. "I'm going to sleep now, the train journey always tired me out. I'll see you all in the morning."After that, they all began to drop off slowly, though Calla found herself lying awake for no real reason, staring at the ceiling until her eyes forced themselves shut and she curled up under the covers.Their first classes of the new term proved to be largely unexciting. Ancient Runes was interesting, but they mainly went over and peer-marked the homework, which Calla was pleased to find she'd gotten an O on. She wanted dearly to ask Professor Babbling more about the practically Magical properties of Runes, but had been hurried on to Divination with Padma and Isobel before she could. It proved a much less fun lesson, seeing as Calla seemed to have absolutely no inclination towards Palmistry whatsoever, and Trelawney kept telling Harry that his life lines were very short. What annoyed her even more, though, was Hermione's attitude; she kept huffing and rolling her eyes and clearly didn't think Divination was worth her time at all. She was half inclined to tell her to leave the class if she hated it so much, but kept her mouth shut - she didn't think her arguing with Hermione would do any good, and Harry and Ron still weren't talking to Hermione, which Calla did feel somewhat bad about.In Transfiguration, McGonagall had set them an awful amount of work, which was horrifying. "It's ridiculous!" Daphne declared as they left. "She can't set us this much homework on the first day after Christmas, it's a disgrace! Professor Burbage would never.""Who's Professor Burbage again?" Padma asked, still shuffling her books about in her bag as they walked."Muggle Studies," Daphne told her. "She showed us a - a PacMan today!"Isobel laughed. "How exciting.""It is! He isn't like a portrait, but you can control him and how he moves!" Daphne was beaming at them. "You can't tell me that isn't amazing!"Calla began to think that Daphne would get along very, very well with Mr Weasley. "It is cool," she agreed. "But most Muggles do have more advanced games than PacMan now. I'm pretty sure PacMan's older than us.""80s," Isobel said. "So he's basically the same age." Then she grinned. "We're older than Mario, though.""Who's Mario?" Padma asked, and Daphne grinned."Oh, I love Mario too! He's short and Italian, and his design..."Daphne started talking to Padma about Mario at a rapid pace and Calla and Isobel exchanged amused glances. "Who'd have thought Daphne's favourite subject would be Muggle Studies?" Isobel asked, laughing."I know," Calla giggled back. "You know, she sort of tried to make out like she only took it because her parents wouldn't like it, but I don't know. I think she was interested anyway, but she seems to enjoy it a lot more than anyone thought she would." She smiled at the look of enthusiasm on Daphne's face as she talked to Padma about it. "And she seems to have paid attention, too.""Yeah," Isobel said, then laughed. "I'd still like to see how she'd get on in the East End of Muggle Glasgow.""Oh, she wouldn't," Calla said, giggling. "But she'd try."Despite how well everyone else was adjusting to the new term, there was one person Calla had noticed wasn't doing so well: Hermione. The boys were both still very upset with her, but she seemed to be upset with the world, and growing more and more stressed. She and Calla had spent a few afternoons with Hagrid helping him to build Buckbeak's defense, but more often than not this ended in tears. Hermione would never tell Calla why exactly she was so upset, but Calla thought it was more than just the boys having fallen out with her."Why are you so stressed?" she asked one afternoon as they walked back up to the castle. Hermione had whipped around with such a ferocity that Calla had thought for a moment she might yell at her, or strike her; she'd flinched back on instinct, holding up her arms, and Hermione fell back."I - I just have a lot to do this term. But it's nothing I can't handle, just a few extra classes.""Are you sure? Hermione, I can tell-""It's fine," Hermione insisted in a strained voice. "Really, It is, Calla.""You..." she started slowly, "you do know you can talk to me, right? We're friends. And I'm sorry Harry and Ron are upset with you.""I'm fine," Hermione said. But even while her smile stretched, Calla couldn't miss the tears in her eyes."Hermione, you're-""I have to get my books from Gryffindor Tower," Hermione said in a rush, moving away. "Excuse me."XxThe week after the start of term, Ravenclaw played Slytherin in Quidditch. The Common Room had been abuzz the whole time, everyone discussing what tactics they thought Roger Davies could put to use and how the players would have to adapt to them. Michael was particularly excited, and the night before the match, when all their year were again crowded into the boys' dormitory, he spoke incessantly about how great the team was."Of course all the Chasers are wonderful, they're so together. I imagine I could have fit in with them quite well, but Stretton is a marvellous flyer, and did you see how well he foiled the Hufflepuff keeper all last match? He's one to watch, definitely."Anthony raised his eyebrows and whispered to Calla, "I think Michael's getting ahead of himself. He barely managed that foil.""And as for Cho Chang," Michael said, grinning. "She's a fantastic Seeker. She's got the build for it, which I suppose is the benefit of having a girl on the team-""Because Merlin forbid any other girls are on," Mandy muttered.Michael ignored her. "I daresay Cho could beat Harry in the Gryffindor match."Calla laughed. "Hardly. Harry's the best Seeker we've ever seen.""The best Seeker who fell off his broom?"She glared at Michael sharply, cutting him off. Daphne and Padma glanced at her nervously. "That wasn't anything to do with skill," she said tightly. "The Dementors should never have been in the grounds.""I know," said Michael, shrugging. "But he did still fall of his broom and lose the match. Though fair enough, Diggory is a great Seeker himself; you didn't see him fall off his broom because of the Dementors.""Well, Cedric Diggory's not exactly been through all the same things as Harry, has he?" Terry said quietly, staring hard at Michael. "You can't blame him for being affected, or Calla."Michael shook his head. "I suppose. But even so, he did lose the match. If they show up in our match against them, we've got it in the bag.""Don't say that," Calla said shrilly, standing up quickly. "Those things are horrible, you'd really want them near everyone for the sake of Quidditch!"Daphne put a hand on her arm and she swallowed. Michael looked at her confused. "Well, I'm not saying... I mean, it was just a hypothetical, Calla. Of course they are horrible, I don't want to be near them, but it's... I didn't mean it literally."Calla rolled her eyes as she sat back down. "It's not a hypothetical subject," she said and shuddered at the idea of them."They wouldn't came back into the grounds," Terry assured her. "Dumbledore would order them away immediately - he was furious the first time, and after the train."She'd forgotten that everyone had heard about that - Malfoy had actually been quieter recently - but she hadn't known of Dumbledore's reaction. The thought of his anger at the Dementors was enough to reassure her; not even they would defy Dumbledore again.When the match did dawn, everyone in the Common Room was antsy. They all headed to breakfast together, the boys and the girls, and over breakfast Michael continued to talk everybody's ears off about his strategy predictions. "I'm sure Cho will beat Malfoy to the snitch," he was saying. "Sure, his broom is faster, but Cho is really good at manouevring and working with the broom where Malfoy isn't so much.""Well you certainly sound like you want to do some manoeuvring with Cho," Lisa huffed, and stood up. Michael stared at her quite confused, and Daphne hid a splitter of laughter. "I'm going to get good seats before the match; and I don't want to be freezing. Mandy, Sue, are you coming?"Mandy and Sue followed Lisa out and Daphne whispered, "That was tense."A very confused Michael stared after her. "What was that about?"Calla chuckled and exchanged an amused glance with Terry. "Boys," Isobel hissed at her side."I suppose we should all get a move on," Padma announced. "Like Lisa said, we'll want good seats to watch.""Victory will be ours!" Michael declared as he stood up, and Anthony snorted a laugh.Calla wrapped her scarf tight around her neck and pulled her hat on, quite bundled up as they set off down to the Quidditch pitch. "Looks like you're wearing some armour," Daphne giggled at her side."Looks like you're going to freeze," she retorted, gesturing to Daphne's hatless head, and Terry laughed in a way that made her feel suddenly very happy. She grinned as Padma looped their arms, half-skipping down to the stands.It seems more or less everyone they knew had turned out for the match, and Harry and Ron shuffled into the row beside them. Ron didn't seem particularly enthused about supporting Ravenclaw, but he was certainly against Slytherin; Harry had, to Calla's delight, dressed in a bright blue hat. "Where did you get that?" she giggled, flicking the pompom that stood in top of it."Remus found one for me," he said, grinning. "Had to show my support. Plus, if you guys win this, it gives us a chance in the cup.""Sure, Potter," huffed Michael. "That cup's ours."Harry sent Calla a look as if to say, "Who does this guy think he is?"She just grinned in response. "We are the title-holders.""Only because it got cancelled last year," Ron argued."Still the title-holders," Isobel said, and the Ravenclaws all laughed.Everyone in the stands was tight with anticipation as the two teams came out onto the pitch. The roar for them wasn't quite as loud as it had been for the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff match, but a lot less people had turned out, largely on account of the cold weather. Calla stood on her tiptoes to get a view as they took to the air, in quick blurs of blue and green.Her eyes caught on Cho Chang, the Ravenclaw Seeker, who was still at one end of the pitch, though her eyes were clearly peeled and she kept turning slowly every now and then, surveying the pitch. Malfoy seemed to be taking a different approach, flying laps around the pitch. But it was the Chasers that Calla found herself focusing on; the three of them, Roger Davies, Randolph Burrow and Jeremy Stretton, seemed to fly as one unit together, which she supposed after five years on the team together was to be expected. All three of them would be leaving at the end of the year, and Calla knew they wanted to win as badly as they ever had, to end their last year with a bang.The Ravenclaw Chasers scored four consecutive goals, and Stretton was just streaking up the pitch to try for his hat-trick when a Bludger slammed into his side and he seemed to soar across the pitch. Calla shrieked, and that all lurged forward to stare as he doubled over his broom and clung on for dear life. "Come on, Stretton," Michael was muttering, forehead creased very tensely. "Get up, come on!"Her heart in her throat, Calla watched Stretton swing himself upright, and continue on to regroup with Davies and Burrow. "Yes!" Michael roared, and Mandy picked up Sue and spun her around. "Come on, boys, come on!"They just kept scoring, and Calla was certain they were headed for a win once the boards hit 170-30. "A few more goals," Michael said, "and we could have this in the bag!""Bloody hell," Ron said, "Ravenclaw's better than I thought.""Cho!" Michael yelled, and Calla turned to him. He was pointing to the pitch, where Cho Chang had spotted the Snitch and was barrelling towards it at what must have been her top speed. But Malfoy had noticed; he wheeled around quick as anything and sped towards the Snitch just as Cho did."They're going to crash!" Mandy yelled, and Daphne gripped Calla's good arm tightly."Come on, Cho, come on."Then Malfoy reached for the Snitch, as did Cho, and at the last minute it darted just a little closer to Malfoy and he caught it. "Noooooooo!" Michael yelled, turning away sharply. "No!"The score had changed to 170-180 to Slytherin. "You're kidding," Ron muttered, and Harry slumped back.Mandy looked like she was about to cry, as did Michael. "We've lost! We can't have lost!""We've lost," Padma said flatly, looking a little bit dead in the eyes."Not by much!" Isobel said weakly. "There's still a chance..."But everyone's eyes darted to Harry and Calla knew what everyone was thinking, the same as her. Cho Chang was fantastic but if she lost to Malfoy she'd lose to Harry, too; especially if he got his Firebolt back. They trudged back to the castle devastated. Ron and Harry muttered their goodbyes at the entrance hall and when Calla and her friends got back to the Ravenclaw Common Room, it was very somber indeed. Though there was an applause for the team when they entered, especially for the three brilliant Chasers, but it fizzled out and they ended up huddled in a corner looking quite defeated. Cho was crying on her friend Marietta's shoulder."Don't you feel awful for her?" Lisa said. "She lost us the match after everything the Chasers did.""It was chance," Isobel said. "The Snitch moves at the last second, that's all. She still did a bloody brilliant job."As January faded, so Calla's workload increased. In addition to regular class homework - an essay on Hndetectable Poisons from Snape, one about uses of fertilisers from Sprout, two about Wizarding Involvement in the Wars of the Roses and the Hundred Years' War from Binns, one about elemental Transfiguration from McGonagall, and a further expanded Rune chart to fill in for Babbling - she still had regular meetings with Trelawney every Monday evening, and a couple of evenings had been asked to Dumbledore's office to work on Occlumency."To utilise your magic," he'd told her, "you must be able to first control your mind."She'd not done very well at it, and though most nights she remembered to try and clear her mind before bed, a lot of nights this proved impossible. Mostly because she was struggling to sleep. The cold had come back despite no new Dementor encounters, and in her dreams she not only saw the future but heard echoes of her past. That same voice hissing in her ear, a spitting snake winding itself around her neck. "I will take what I came for," it said. "And I will take everything."It got worse with Trelawney, when their session was held the week before the Gryffindor match against Ravenclaw, and she had to crystal gaze. Her vision was clear; too clear for comfort. A snake writhed amidst the very thin fog, and she could see a bubbling cauldron, a sharply glinting knife, and the edge of a lake glittering with stars. Often she saw the Whomping Willow, too, swinging for her so hard she thought sometimes it might shatter the glass ball; she always jumped away from it on instinct.Everything she reported to Trelawney was also of great concern for her Professor. "I fear greatly for you, my dear," she said. "And for your brother... Yes... I sense terrible dangers in your paths... A night of victories... Turned sour... A great fall..." She turned to Calla with wide glimmering eyes, face pale and tense. It seemed as though she was looking for it."Professor?" Calla said nervously."There is a mark on you, my dear..." Trelawney reaches out a shaking hand and Calla clasped it nervously. "A dark mark, a very dark mark indeed..." She shuddered. "On your soul...""Professor, what do you mean?" Her words caught in her throat and she felt cold cast over her chest as she shuddered. "What mark?" Her hand went to brush over her scar and it burned at her touch."Yes," Trelawney said. "You have a great many scars, Calla.""I know," she said quietly, feeling suddenly like she had to leave. Not only did the scar on her forehead burn, but the left arm where she'd once been caught by the fire in First Year, that had mostly faded and whitened, began to ache. "Professor, I really think I ought to go now. I'm - I'm quite tired."Professor Trelawney clasped her hand tightly, shaking her head from side to side and Calla's heart picked up in terror, beating through her ribs. "Beware," she told her, "be careful, my dear.""Professor," Calla said, voice shaking, "What have you seen?""Too many things," Professor said, whole body shaking. "So, so many things, my dear. For your sake, be careful. Do not trust anyone, do not even trust yourself.""Professor, I don't-""The mark," Trelawney said. She took a great shuddering breath and Calla tried to shuffle back, stumbling. Fear had gripped her now like ice, and tears burned at the back of her eyes, the pain of her scar starting to burn again. There was a vision coming, she knew, and she tried to wrench herself away from Trelawney's unusually strong grip. "The mark!"Another world burst into view. There was a shadowy figure lurking in a forest, with keen eyes that followed her everywhere she tried to move. The sun was setting over the trees, painting the sky red. The figure reached out a pale, trembling hand to her. "Help," it rasped, and the sound sent shivers down her spine. "I am dying." Calla felt a choking feeling in her throat. "Help me."She couldn't stop herself from moving forward, from extending her own hand to that trembling, frail figure in the trees. Her hand seemed to almost fall into the darkness and then her other reached up, and she turned to face the sky where the full moon hung amongst glittering stars. Cold wrapped around her, and breath rattled amongst the wind. It was like all of her breath left her, but worse; it was like the wind was taking her, not only body but soul, and she found herself screaming until she couldn't, until it felt like her heart had been wrenched out and she fell, clasping the hand that was still held out and stumbled back into the Divination classroom.Everything felt too bright, and the perfumed smoke too heavy and pungent for her too stomach. She felt suddenly faint, and her legs trembled. "My dear-" Trelawney began, but Calla took her hand away and grabbed her bag, shaking heavily, and turned to flee the classroom.Xx"You're expecting too much of yourself, Harry," Remus said, sitting down after yet another Patronus lesson. Harry was still panting, exhausted from the futile effort. It was his fourth practice so far and so far he'd gotten no further than producing a few wisps that might have formed a shield. "For a thirteen year old wizard, even an indistinct Patronus is a huge achievement. You aren't passing out anymore, are you?" Harry shook his head. "You've more than surpassed my expectations." Remus said, smiling at Harry."I thought a Patronus would - charge the Dementors down or something," Harry said dispiritedly. He slumped into an armchair by the fire. "I thought it might, you know, just make them disappear -""The true Patronus does do that," Remus said. "But you have still achieved achieved a great deal in a very short space of time, Harry. You ought to be very, very proud of yourself. And if the Dementors put in an appearance at your next Quidditch match, you will be able to keep them at bay long enough to get back to the ground safely.""You said it's harder if there are loads of them, though," Harry said worriedly."I have complete confidence in you," Professor Lupin said, smiling. "Here - you've earned a drink - something from the Three Broomsticks. You won't have tried it before, I don't think. I'll keep a couple for on Saturday night after the match; there'll be a Quidditch victory to celebrate either way." Harry knew though that, despite what he might say to Calla, Remus did always side with Gryffindor in Quidditch, and wanted them to win almost as much as Harry did. "Though don't tell Calla, I am rooting for Gryffindor just a little bit," he added hastily."I think that's allowed," Harry said, grinning as he took a bottle from Remus."Perhaps," Remus said. "Don't tell anyone this either, but I did always think McGonagall had a soft spot for Gryffindor."Harry grinned, taking a drink. The butter beer tasted lovely, soft and sweet tasting, and a little bit creamy. This was what he and Calla had been missing out on all year. But even as he drank, his thoughts drifted to Sirius Black, to his sister and inevitably to the Dementors. Even if he could cast a Patronus... he didn't really want to think in what a Dementor could do. "Remus," he asked quietly, and Remus glanced up. "What's under a Dementor's hood?"Remus seemed surprised by the question - it was, Harry thought, something his sister was more likely to ask if she was having these lessons with him - and lowered his bottle of Butterbeer thoughtfully."Well," he said, "I suppose the only people who really know... are in no condition to tell us. You see, the Dementor lowers its hood only to use its last and worst weapon.""What's that?" Harry asked.Remus seemed to take a long moment before he brought himself to say with a slightly twisted smile, "They call it the Dementor's Kiss. It's what Dementors do to those they wish to destroy utterly. I suppose there must be some kind of mouth under there, because they clamp their jaws upon the mouth of the victim and - and suck out his soul."Harry accidentally spat out a bit of Butterbeer. "What - they kill - ?""Oh no. Much worse than that. You can exist without your soul, you know, as long as your brain and heart are still working. But you'll have no sense of self anymore, no memory, no anything. No you. There's no chance at all of recovery. You'll just - exist. As an empty shell. And your soul is gone forever... lost," Remus explained. He drank a little more Butterbeer, then said solemnly, "It's the fate that awaits Sirius. It was in the Daily Prophet this morning. The Ministry have given the Dementors permission to perform it if they find him.""He deserves it," Harry said suddenly, before he could stop himself. Remus looked at him curiously, considering, and Harry remembered with a pang that Sirius was still only one of two of Remus' schoolfriends who was still alive. Even if he'd been responsible for multiple of those deaths... Ten years of friendship was something Harry wasn't sure could end suitably with wishing for someone to have their soul sucked out."Do you really think so?" Remus asked, raising his eyebrows. His voice sounded light, but Harry wasn't so sure he felt it. "Do you really think anyone deserves that, Harry?""Yes," Harry said defiantly. "For... for some things..."Remus took a moment before he nodded. "Perhaps you should get back to Gryffindor Tower, Harry," he said. "It is getting rather late."Harry nodded and made to stand, but just as he did, the door to Remus' office banged open and both of them jumped as Calla ran in."Remus, I just-" She stopped abruptly, looking at Harry. "Oh. I didn't think you'd be here, Harry."He looked awkwardly at Remus. "Yeah, I've just been learning how to do the Patronus Charm."Calla frowned between him and Remus. "What's that? We haven't covered it yet, have we?" He could tell she was confused, trying to comb back through her memories."No, no," Remus said kindly. "It's a very advanced charm, but it's used to drive away Dementors. Harry asked me to teach him."Realisation and then hurt flickered on Calla's face. "Oh." She blinked. "Alright. I - I didn't know that. You never said."Harry shifted uncomfortably. "I need to learn it in - in case they come back to a Quidditch match. All I can do now is a sortnof wispy shield but-""It's still very, very good," Remus said.Harry smiled but when he looked at Calla, she was only frowning. "You never told me about it.""Well, it was-""Why didn't you tell me? I want to learn too, you know how the Dementors affect me. I - I can't let that keep happening, if there was a way you know I'd want to learn it!""Calla," Remus said gently. "I was reluctant to even teach it to Harry. The Patronus is very advanced magic, especially for someone your age.""But Harry managed it." Calla's voice seemed to be shaking as she spoke, and her eyes looked almost angry. "Why'd you teach him and not me?" Her voice was going shrill, too, getting higher. "I need it too!""Calla-""You don't think I'm good enough, do you?" she asked Remus, who startled at the ferocity in her voice. "I thought you said..." Calla trailed off, lip wobbling and cheeks reddening, and she grasped her bag tightly. "Never mind," she told them, voice breaking over the word. "I'll let you get back to your lesson."She turned and stalked out of the room, bag banging against her hip, and Harry stared after her. "What was that about?" he said, but Remus was already making his way out of the office to go after her, so he followed as quickly as he could. She'd ducked down a corner, though, and neither of could see where she'd gotten to.Just as Harry made to try and find her, Professor McGonagall came around the corner, followed by a very enthusiastic looking Ron. And she was carrying his Firebolt. His confusion over Calla dissipated quickly as he looked at McGonagall, grinning."Ah, Potter, I was just looking for you. And Remus," she said, smiling. "We've done everything we can think of and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with your broom at all. You must have a very good friend somewhere, Potter."In his excitement he missed Remus' look of confusion, and simply beamed at McGonagall. "So I can have it back? Seriously?""Seriously," McGonagall said, smiling. "And I daresay you'll need to get a feel for it before Saturday's match. And, Potter," she added as Harry was about to turn back to Remus, "do try and win, won't you? Or we'll be out of the running for the eighth year in a row, as Professor Snape is so kind as to remind me."She left with a smile and Ron rushed over to Harry. "You got it!" he cheered. "Bloody hell, Harry, you're going to play on an actual Firebolt! Oh, sorry, Professor," he added bashfully to Remus."Quite alright, Ron," Remus said with a warm smile. "I daresay we're all very excited at the prospect." His eyes fell to Harry and he gulped, shifting from foot to foot. "Be careful with it. And if you see your sister...""Yeah," Harry said, as Ron gave him a quizzical look. "I will." Then Remus went back into his office and Harry couldn't stop himself from grinning."Come on," Ron said. "Let's go show it off, eh?"XxCalla didn't go back to Ravenclaw Tower. She was too upset, and shaking and felt like she might just start crying and not stop if anyone saw her and asked what was wrong. So she ran through the castle's secret passages and tired herself out before she curled up in a quiet alcove behind a thick tapestry and tried to calm herself down. She wasn't really sure where she was, but she was fairly certain it was somewhere no one would find her for a while.Her vision, coupled with what Trelawney has said, had spooked her. She shook at the thought of it; of reaching out and falling, of that sense of weakness that still lingered, and she remembered that rattling breath on her neck. She was sure now that it was a Dementor, and what she'd felt... It was even worse than being near them. That had felt like her whole soul was being sucked out, like it was being torn apart and flung in a million pieces in a thousand different directions. She'd felt scattered and she wasn't actually sure she'd pulled herself together.And then when she'd gone to see Remus, she'd been so scared but she knew he'd help, knew that he'd know what to say to make her feel better, and stronger but he'd been teaching Harry the charm and not her. Because it was advanced magic and like it or not, she thought with a choked sob, she wouldn't be able to do it. Worse than that, Remus and Harry didn't think that she could do it'sAnd Harry could, because of course he could! Because he was a brilliant wizard and he was Harry and she didn't want him to be upset or to struggle but she just wished she wasn't so weak where he was so strong. She wished she wasn't so scared.Something brushed against her shin and she looked down, wiping her tears as she saw Matilda standing there, staring up with such wide eyes. "Oh, Matilda," she whispered, scooping her kitten up into her arms. There was nothing else she could say, and so she just held Matilda to her chest and cried until Matilda pawed at her arm, mewing loudly. There was another lumpy shape at the edge of the alcove, in the shadows, and squinting through her tear-stained glasses, Calla could see that it was Crookshanks.She frowned; what was Crookshanks doing out of Gryffindor Tower? "Here, dear," she said quietly, bending down to stroke the top of Crookshanks' head. "Aren't you with Hermione?" Crookshanks pawed at Calla's leg and Matilda went to nuzzle him gently. Calla frowned at the sight, but then Matilda looked up at her, and then jerked her head as though to say, "Come with us."The two cats padded out of the alcove and, wiping her glasses, Calla followed. She took out the map and checked for names, but there were none that worried her, so she went on with them down the corridor to a large open window. Crookshanks jumped up onto the ledge, and pawed in an almost frantic way at the edge of the pane of glass. "What is it?" Calla asked, frowning now as she leaned forward. She looked out into the grounds, though she could see nothing. "Lumos," she whispered, pointing the tip of her wand out of the window to shine on the ground below.There was a massive black dog staring up at her. Calla almost dropped her wand at the sight, stumbling back with a pounding heart. The black dog, that Remus had told her and Harry to stay away from. She rounded on Crookshanks, who just stared back at her and slowly, in a very uncatlike way, nodded. "What is this?" she whispered, as Matilda hopped up onto the ledge. She butted her hand with her head and flicked her tail towards the window. "What are you trying to show me, Matilda?"She glanced out the window again, and startled. This time, there was an owl perched on the massive dog's head: Moony. All that Calla could do was stare, as the dog's eyes seemed to glitter up at her. It was the same one from Magnolia Crescent, she was sure. And it didn't seem dangerous, even now. If Moony was sittin with him, seeming comfortable... It put Calla a little at ease, but she still didn't understand."Hello?" she called out to the dog, who just stared up at her. It was a dog, she reminded herself. It probably didn't even know what hello meant. But then again, Crookshanks and Matilda both seemed to have understood her, and Moony - like most owls - was very intelligent. She waved foolishly out of the window. "Sir?"The dog shook its head, and then as Moony flew off, it made a strange gesture sort of between kneeling and sitting. Then before Calla could really begin to understand, it sprang up and sprinted away. She checked the map hastily, but saw nothing coming. Even so, the dog had left her rattled.She was still thinking about it when she went to bed that night, Matilda curled up at the foot of her bed and Moony perched, watching with unblinking eyes, on top of her lampshade.

Calla didn't want to talk to Harry the next day. When she'd gotten up in the morning the girls had all asked her a lot of questions that she didn't want to answer, and she'd been quite short with Daphne and Padma, so the two of them had been quiet all through breakfast. And in Charms, their first class of the day - which of course they just had to share with Gryffindor - Harry and Ron both were in moods with Hermione, so Calla wound up sitting next to her. Normally she got on well with Hermione, however she was very obviously tense, and Calla was certain that by the end of the period one of them was going to explode, one way or another."What is going on?" Calla asked Hermione at the end of the class, looking over at Harry and Ron, the latter of whom had bolted out the classroom as soon as he could and the former of whom trailed after him with an awkward glance at Calla."It's Ron," Hermione said, sniffling. "He thinks Crookshanks has killed Scabbers!""What?" Calla choked."But he hasn't! He's a good cat and I know he doesn't like Scabbers but he wouldn't kill him! But Ron doesn't believe me and H-Harry took his s-side and now they both h-h-hate me!" Calla took her hands quickly, afraid she might cry so hard she fell over. She definitely looked a bit shaky."It's alright," Calla said weakly, guiding Hermione to a quiet corner of the classroom. She'd be late for Care of Magical Creatures, but knew Hagrid wouldn't mind; she'd explain to him what had happened. "Hey, it's okay, I'm sure they don't hate you.""Th-they must!" Hermione cried, gripping Calla's arm tightly. "Ron's been mad at me all year b-because he doesn't think Crookshanks has ever liked Scabbers, and then they were b-both annoyed with me because of the F-Firebolt and now th-they think Crookshanks killed Scabbers, But he c-can't have! And I'm t-trying to help Hagrid with Buckbeak's hearing but I-I've got so much work to do and I c-can't keep up with it all!" She buried her face in Calla's shoulder and Calla patted her back awkwardly trying to comfort her."It's alright," she said gently. "Look, Harry and Ron'll come round. And besides, Crookshanks can't have killed Scabbers; I saw him last night.""You did?" Hermione asked. "I didn't see him all night, that's w-why I was so worried!"So Calla told her the whole story about Crookshanks and Matilda and Moony and the massive black dog and by the end, Hermione was starin at her. "That could have been dangerous!" she told her. "You were on your own that late at night?""I was okay," Calla said chipperly. "I was still inside the castle, I just... Didn't really feel like going back to the dormitory. I was just upset about... Stuff.""Was it to do with Harry?" Hermione asked quietly. "I overheard him telling Ron you were upset with him last night."Calla nodded grimly. "It's stupid. I just was upset. Remus has been teaching the Patronus Charm, to defend against the Dementors, but they didn't tell me! And I wanted to learn because well, you know I struggle because of them a lot as well but Remus was talking about how it's really advanced magic and - and I don't think they believe I could actually do it! And I know it's stupid to be upset because they're probably right, I probably couldn't do it but I - I wish that they at least thought I could!""I'm sure you can!" Hermione told her enthusiastically. "You're good at Charms, aren't you?""I'm not good at Defense," she muttered. "I just get scared."Hermione quietened at that. "Well, I'm sure you'll still be able to. And I'm sure Harry doesn't think you won't be able to. You should talk to him.""Yeah," Calla said quietly. She tightened her fists, pulling mat her fingernails."We should go to class," Hermione said, wiping her eyes. "Who do you have?""Hagrid," Calla told her. "He'll be fine. We're still on salamanders, too."Hermione nodded and got shakily to her feet. Without a warning, she flung herself at Calla and hugged her tightly around the shoulders. "Thanks," she whispered and pulled away. "I'll see you at lunch, or something.""Yeah," Calla said as brightly as she could. "Enjoy your class."Hagrid didn't mind her lateness, not that Calla had thought he would. He let her settle into a group with Daphne, Padma and Isobel, who were still handling salamanders. "What was up with Hermione Granger?" Isobel asked her curiously."Ron and Harry think her cat killed Ron's rat," Calla said, and Padma gasped.Daphne raised her eyebrows. "Well, he probably did.""Daphne!" Padma chided."I'm just saying." She shrugged her shoulders, flipping her hair over. "Crookshanks is a cat, Scabbers is a rat. It's the food chain." She nodded to the salamander they - though really it was just Isobel - were handling. The salamder swatted at an ant on the grass and promptly licked it up, swallowing it. "Like that.""That's horrible," Calla said with a shudder, glaring at Daphne."It's nature," she said. "But I do hope Crookshanks hasn't killed him. I imagine Ron'll be devastated, even if he is a bit of a rubbish rat.""Don't call him rubbish," Isobel chided. "He's dead.""Probably," Daphne corrected. "He's probably dead.""You don't have to be so blunt about it," Padma said with a glare."I'm being realistic," Daphne argued, and Calla rolled her eyes, tickling the salamander. It glared at her but did no more."Why does it like you more than me?" Isobel whined."Clearly Calla's just much more appealing," Daphne said flippantly. "Nicer eyes.""Nicer eyes?" Calla giggled."No chance," Isobel said, and went right up to Calla's face. "My eyes are nice!""I can't even see them properly," Calla laughed. "You're too close to my glasses."Isobel sat back down, laughing. "Well I think my eyes are pretty.""Daphne's eyes are prettiest, though," said Padma and they all looked around to stare at a startled looking Daphne."Yeah," Calla said, studying the silvery blue of her irises. "Your eyes are pretty, Daphne."Daphne's cheeks went pink. "Thanks," she mumbled, and seemed to try to hide her face. "Right, what's with this salamander? Do you think I can feed it without getting my hair burnt off?"Calla went the rest of the day without speaking to Harry or Remus, though the next morning she had Double Defense Against the Dark Arts with Slytherin. "You're looking gloomy," Terry pointed out as they went down to class."Yeah, what's tripping you, Potter?" Lisa asked, and she shook her head."Nothing," she said. "I just had a falling out with Harry.""So you don't want to go to Defense?" Sue asked, frowning."It's not that I don't want to go," Calla huffed. "I'm just not in a good mood."She went on ahead of them, Daphne and Padma behind her and she heard Michael's mutter of, "We can see that."Through the whole class she felt in a bad mood, which she was sure Remus could sense, as did everyone else. She tried to hide it, but they could still tell. After they were done, she tried to stuff all her things in her bag and leave as soon as possible, but Remus called out, "Calla, can I have a word please?" and she winced."It'll be fine," Padma assures her. "I'll see you in Divination." She wasn't even looking forward to that either; she'd have to sit at a table with Harry, as well as Ron and Hermione, who still were no closer to making up.She took her time carefully packing her bag up and went up to Remus' desk. "Hurry along now, Malfoy," he said, and she turned to see him loitering at his desk, watching. Malfoy rolled his eyes as he slunk away out the door."I know you're upset about the other night," he said. "And I understand why, Calla. But please don't think-""You don't think I could do it," she said sulkily. "It's fine. I probably couldn't, you're right.""Now, Calla, I never said that. And I don't think it.""Then why didn't you offer to teach it to me too? If you thought I could do it, and you knew I needed it, why would you only offer to teach Harry and not me?""Harry asked me, and it took a lot of persuading before I said yes.""But you still said yes!"He sighed, leaning against his desk. "If you'd like me to, I'd be more than happy to teach you too, Calla." But that wasn't why she was upset. It didn't matter that he was offering now, when he hadn't initially. But she still wanted to be able to defend herself."If you think I'm up to it," she said sulkily. "I know it is very advanced magic."Remus sighed, forehead creasing. "You're still upset. I understand that.""I was upset when I went in," Calla told him. "But neither of you have asked me what was wrong."He frowned, leaning over to her. "Then what was wrong, Calla?"She shrugged. "Doesn't matter now, does it?""Calla-""I'm pretty sure your class is waiting outside," she said. "When can I join you and Harry?""I'll let you know," he told her wearily. "Come and see me tonight, will you, and Harry? I know he's upset about what happened."Calla just shrugged. "Okay. I'll see you later, then."XxThough she'd barely spoken to Harry throughout Divination, pairing up with Hermione instead, she resolved to join him and Remus that night. "Are you sure you'll be alright?" Daphne asked, laying a gentle hand on her arm as she left dinner. She nodded, spotting Harry getting to his feet on the other side of the Great Hall."I'll be fine," she assured her, leaving. Her brother waited for her by the doors, which she supposed was nice of him."Hey," he said awkwardly. She nodded in response and he sighed. "How are you doing? We haven't spoken...""I'm fine," she said shortly. "And you?"Harry just shrugged. "I'm fine, I suppose. Except for Ron and Hermione arguing, but that's not really anything new.""Yeah," Calla said absently. They went on the rest of the way in a silence that she could tell Harry wanted to fill, but clearly wasn't sure on how to do so. It was Harry who knocked on Remus' door, and Calla who hung back sullenly waiting on it to be opened."Ah," Remus said, smiling in relief. "You both came!" It seemed like he hadn't expected the two of them to show up, and at that Calla did feel a pang of guilt. But she was still determined to be annoyed about everything, and to be annoyed with the two of them. "Come in, I've got biscuits and chocolate from Honeydukes. Hopefully the two of you aren't too full from dinner.""Never," Harry said, grinning, as he stepped inside. Calla followed, sending Remus a tight smile."How are your Quidditch practices going, Harry?" Remus asked. "Now McGonagall's given your Firebolt back." He still, Calla noticed, looked worried about it. It didn't sit quite right with her either."Good," Harry said, grinning. "Madam Hooch still has to supervise, and Wood's getting more and more nervous every time, but I'm really getting a handle on the broom I think." Calla pursed her lips. "I just hope we can win on Saturday; everyone's counting on me to catch the Snitch, but I don't really know how good Chang is, since I've never played her before.""Cho's really good," Calla said, turning to Harry. "Really, really good. Everyone says so.""Right." An uneasy smile flickered on Harry's face. He glanced at Remus, who was looking awkwardly between the two of them. "I hope I can win. We need to win this or we've not got a chance left of the cup, and we need to win we'll, too.""The Chasers are great, too," Calla mused, crossing her legs. "All three of them, and two of them are seventh years, too, Stretton and Burrows. They really want to win.""Okay," Harry said. He was looking a little bit nervous now, actually, and Calla felt just a little bad at his discomfort. "Oliver really wants to win, too. And he's a great Keeper.""Yeah," Calla said, shrugging. "I suppose he is quite good, but I've seen Page practice a couple of times - Mandy likes to drag us all out to watch - and he's really great, too.""How are your classss?" Remus asked abruptly, changing the subject. "What about Ancient Runes, Calla?""Fine," she said, though there was an awful lot more that she wanted to say about the subject. It was quick becoming her favourite subject, overtaking Divination, but she doubted Harry would even be interested in it. "Professor Babbling's really nice. We get a lot of homework, but I still manage to get it done."Remus gave her a worried look. "I thought you loved Ancient Runes.""I do," she said, shrugging. "But not much has really changed about it, and there's not much to say." Not right now, anyway, when she really didn't feel like it.With a sigh, Remus stood up. "I'll get the biscuits."Left on their own, Calla and Harry sat stiffly, until at last Harry asked, "Why are you so upset with me?"She turned to glare at him. "Why do you think I'm so upset with you, Harry?""I - I don't know. That's why I asked!"Calla just huffed, and slumped back in her chair. Boys. They didn't think and they didn't consider, and she was so not in the mood to try and force him to. "Is it because Remus was teaching me and not you?""No.""Oh." He paused. "That's what Ron thought.""Yeah?""He said... Well he said you were probably a bit jealous. Because I..." He flushed. "Apparently I get a lot of favouritism and more attention and you didn't really like that?""Well, tell Ron he's wrong," Calla snapped, anger flaring up. "I'm not jealous of you, Harry! You're annoying!""Then I don't know what I've done!" he said. "You're just annoyed with me for no reason!""For no reason?" Calla whipped around, glaring at him, lip wobbling. "It's not no reason Harry, it's just not a reason you understand or care to think about!""Well then tell me!""Not if you can't be bothered to work it out for yourself.""You sound like Hermione.""I do not!" she protested. "And you've upset her, too, by the way! She's devastated that you and Ron think Crookshanks has killed Scabbers, but both of us are agreed that he didn't! And Crookshanks was with me and Matilda, anyway." She shook her head, crossing her arms."You don't see the way he chases Scabbers," Harry told Calla. "And Ron's really upset.""Well I'm sorry to Ron then," Calla said, and she really did mean it. She couldn't think how she'd feel if Moony or Matilda went missing, or died. "And I hope he finds Scabbers soon."Harry frowned at her, just as Remus came back with a plate of chocolate biscuits. He set it on the table between them and sat down; both twins looked at it for a moment before Remus sighed and picked one up. Calla did a moment later, though Harry reached for the same custard cream as she did and she turned a short glare on him. He let her take the biscuit, and she sat up triumphantly as she ate it. She realised she was probably being a little petty, but also she was still annoyed and she didn't yet care to stop."So," said Remus, dusting crumbs form his jacket, "what was it you were upset about the other night before you came in, Calla?"She all of a sudden felt her cheeks go very warm. "It - it doesn't really matter." Remus looked at her sternly. "I'd just been with Trelawney and she just sort of spooked me a little bit.""Spooked you how?"She shrugged, trying to act casual even though she still did feel terrified at the memory. "She started talking strange. Like she was making prediction, but more intense, and she started talking about a - a mark on me?"Remus' brow furrowed further. "What sort of mark?" Harry asked suddenly."I don't know, just a mark. A dark mark." Remus seemed to shiver. "But she didn't really say what, she just said that if saw a - mark on my soul.""On your soul?" Harry exclaimed. "How's there a mark on your soul?""I don't know," Calla said to him brittly. "How could I know?""But-" Harry swivelled to look to Remus. "Do you anything about how this could happen?""Without any specifics, no," Remus said slowly. "And I'm afraid Sybil is disinclined to ever speak in specifics.""And there - that wasn't just it," Calla said tremulously. "I'd had a vision, too." She felt like choking on the memory. "It was strange. I - I didn't really understand but I was reaching to a forest and a figure in it, and then... It felt like the Dementors again." She gave a shiver, going all of a sudden cold, heart seeming to rattle in her chest, against her ribs. "And that was all but it - it was horrible.""I'm so sorry, Calla," said Remus gently. "If you'd had told us-""Well, I was upset," she said snappily, crossing her arms. It was as much to prove her annoyance as an attempt to keep herself warm and to shield her chest. "And I didn't know how to after that.""But what do you think it means?" Harry asked, frowning at her."I don't know," Calla said quietly. "If I did, I wouldn't be so worried. But I don't get it, and it feels different.""Different how?" asked Remus, leaning forward."I don't know, it just does. Like, it's not as much of a weight when I think about it, but it also feels worse. Colder."They sat in silence for a moment. "Have you been working on your Occlumency?""Yes," Calla muttered. "I still can't control my visions. Dumbledore seems to think that I can get there, but I don't know. He's not really telling me how. It's quite frustrating, actually.""I'm sure you can do it," Harry said assuringly. "If anyone here can, then it's you.""Thanks," Calla said, and she did feel a little better for the assertion."I am sorry," Harry said when they left that evening, "for making it seem like I... I didn't think you could do it. Because you can. You are pretty amazing, Calla."She flushed. "Thanks. And I - I'm sorry too. For not talking to you."He grinned back, bumping her shoulder. "It's alright. Just cheer for Gryffindor on Saturday, yeah?"Calla laughed, tossing her hair back as she did so. "You wish."XxThe Ravenclaw-Gryffindor match came on a clear, crisp day, when the sun was out but the world still cold. Though she wanted Ravenclaw to win, Calla was still desperate to see Harry's broom in action. And no one was disappointed; at Madam Hooch's whistle, all the players flew into the air but none flew faster than Harry. "Whoa," Mandy breathed."Look at Potter go!" Michael said. "That really is a Firebolt, isn't it, Calla?""I did tell you it was," she teased back, grinning. "God, how does it go so fast?""It's a Firebolt," Daphne said. "It's the best broom in the world, of course it goes so fast!""Magic," Isobel whispered. "It's mad."Watching the match, Calla began to worry a little. Ravenclaw had a good team, but Bell, Johnson and Spinnet were all so in sync with each other, and they communicated great. Plus, she saw as he blocked a fantastic throw from Davies, Wood was a very good Keeper. It looked like Cho had decided to use a different tactic this match, tailing Harry rather than surveying the pitch from afar, which Calla thought was a good idea; there was no way she could fly faster than Harry, and he had much keener eyes than Malfoy had.She was also blocking him, Calla notes with a grin, and she could tell that Harry was getting increasingly annoyed by it. The tactic meant he had to keep changing direction when Cho blocked him or crossed in front of him, and he was having difficulty shaking her off.A shout went up from the other end of the pitch and Calla saw Alicia Spinnet flying towards the Ravenclaw goals, just as Harry and Cho both dived down. Calla gasped, standing up and watching, as Harry pulled further away from Cho, streaking towards the Snitch. "She's not going to catch him!" Michael groaned. Calla had to agree; Harry was much too fast.But then she saw another streak across the pitch, and grabbed Michael's arm. The Bludger was pelting towards Harry, and Calla yelled, but it didn't hit him; instead, the Bludger forced Harry to veer sharply off course away from the Snitch, and in those crucial seconds, it flitted away again. Michael slumped back with a relieved sigh. "Thank Merlin for that. Well done, Samuels!" Michael bellowed, clapping enthusiastically as a great applause went up all around them, including Calla. They just needed to get through the Gryffindor defenses more, but they were still doing great in their own end."We can do this," Daphne said confidently. "Come on, eagles!" The Slytherin were cheering for them too, as suspected, but Calla didn't mind; she noticed a cluster of Zach, Susan, Hannah and Ernie all cheering too, and grinned.But it wasn't really seeming like they could. As the match wore on, the Ravenclaw end grew increasingly despondent, as Gryffindor scored and scored and scored, until they had an eighty point lead. "Get it together, Page!" Michael bellowed.Lee Jordan's commentary was grinding on the nerves of their end, too, for he kept shouting about how marvellous the Firebolt was. "Chang's Comet is no match!" he was yelling and Isobel rolled her eyes."Bloody Gryffindors," she muttered. "Come on, Cho!"The Chasers were all gritting their teeth, and Calla watched as they huddled together and then set off, scattering their Gryffindor counterparts. There was a flurry of movement and then Davies passed to Stretton who passed to Bradley who passed back to Davies who-"Yes!" Michael bellowed, stamping his feet. "Yes, Davies!""Get in!" Isobel yelled, as the score ticked over. Another two quick goals later and Gryffindor's lead was reduced to fifty, and their little group was all holding each other gightly."Come on!" Mandy yelled, holding a rather frightened looking Terry so tight it was a wonder she didn't break his arm. "Come on, pull through, get it back, Come on!"Calla leaned over the railing, trying to keep an eye on Harry as he sped off towards the Gryffindor goalpost, where she could just make out the gold glimmer of the Snitch. "He's seen it!" she yelled, feeling a rush of nerves, and both Michael and Mandy rushed forward."Come on, Chang!" screamed Isobel, as the Ravenclaw Seeker sped through the block Harry. He hesitated only a moment but it was long enough; Cho was grinning along with the rest of her house as the Snitch flickered out of sight.Wood was screaming something at Harry, and the next second he went into a deep dive. Heart in her throat, Calla watched, as he pulled up sharply and Cho carries on speeding down. "He tricked her!" Michael yelled. "He's seen it!"Calla looked up again, as Harry sped onwards towards the Snitch. Cho was flying towards it too, but she was lower to the ground, and too far away. They were going to lose.Then, she saw a mass of dark black hoods entering the pitch. "No," she said hoarsely, grasping for Mandy, who stared at her. "Look, look!""Dementors!" Mand breathed, and Daphne and Padma, who hadn't shown much interest in the match before, rushed to her side. But Calla didn't feel faint as always; instead she just felt normal. She stared at the pitch. They weren't really moving like Dementors, not really, and they were too tall."What the-"The next second, Harry had pulled out his wand and there was a silver light flying towards the 'dementors'. Calla yelled, as he sped on, and with Cho distracted, had a clear way to the Snitch."Noooo!" bellowed Michael, but it was too late and he couldn't have done anything anyway.Harry had caught the Snitch and he was holding it high in the air, beaming. The Gryffindor end went wild as they all rushed into the pitch, engulfing Harry. "Merlin's sake," Michael muttered. "That's us lost the cup."Mandy pulled of her scarf and slammed it down onto the edge of the stands in defeat. She slumped forward, hanging her head. "There's always next year," Sue said, and Mandy shook her head."Next year's next year!" she wailed. "We've already lost our hold on the title.""Come on," Daphne said to Calla, leading her away. "What did he do to those Dementors?" she asked in a whisper as they made their way onto the stairs."Patronus Charm," she replied. "Remus taught him it, to drive away Dementors. I guess he's quite good.""I've heard of that," Padma said lightly. "It's quite advanced is it not?"Calla shrugged. "Yeah. He says he'll teach me too, soon.""Good," said Padma, grinning. "Though I don't suppose it can win us the cup now.""Speaking of," Calla said, "I should probably try and congratulate Harry.""Good luck," Isobel laughed as they came out the bottom of the stairs by the pitch. "He's been swamped by lions."And indeed he had; they were all huddled around Harry and the team, thumping them on the back and offering congratulations. Cho Chang and the rest of the Ravenclaw team walked past looking devastated. Jeremy Stretton looked like he might cry. "You played a good game," Daphne said to them as they went by, though it didn't seem to do any good. They just ignored her, walking on."I'll just find him later on," Calla said, staring at the mass of Gryffindors. "I'm not going to wade through that."Isobel giggled. "Yeah, we'd get crushed."Dinnertime was very quiet indeed at the Ravenclaw table, with everyone still in mourning over their Quidditch Cup loss. The Gryffindors, however, seemed to think they'd already won, cheering like nothing on Earth and creating a din Calla could barely get out her head. "Do they have to be so loud?" Mandy muttered, stabbing her dinner with a fork."Seems so," Michael said. He was trying to put on a brave face, but he wasn't very good at it."I still need to say well done to Harry," Calla said, and everyone winced."Do us a favour, don't do it until Cho's gone," Lisa said, gesturing to Cho, who along with the rest of the team, looked very close to tears."We started off so well, too," said Isobel, shaking her head. "I can't really believe it.""Typical," Mandy muttered, and set about cutting up her chicken so furiously it made the table shake. "Just bloody typical."Calla didn't get the chance to congratulate Harry until the end of dinner, when the rest of his house were still bellowing and cheering his name. "Harry!" she yelled through the scarlet crowd, and caught onto Ron's sleeve."Oi!" he yelled, before he saw her and softened. "Harry, it's Calla!""Calla!" Harry shouted over the din, and broke away from Fred and George, who were beaming. "Hi!""I didn't want to interrupt you all earlier!" she shouted to him. "But well done! You did really well! You all did!" she added, as Angelina Johnson went past, and grinned at her."Thanks, Potter!" called Angelina. "Better luck next time!"Calla couldn't even quite bring herself to be annoyed at that; the Gryffindors' enthusiasm was infectious. "We're having a party!" Harry told her, still having to shout as they paraded through the entrance hall. "You should join us!""Somehow I don't think that'll go down great!" Calla yelled back."It'll be fine, no one'll care!" He looked at her with wide eyes and Ron took her arm. "Come on, please?""Fine!" she called back, giggling. "I'll come with you!"She followed along with the Gryffindor crowds, and Ron wrapped half his scarlet and gold scarf around her shoulders, making her laugh. "I'd say you shouldn't know the password, but it changes all the time anyway," Harry told her. "Poor Neville's had to start writing them down."Calla laughed as they went through the portrait hole, Harry and Ron pulling her along in the swarm of Gryffindors. "Calla!" Fred Weasley called as he recognised her, and he and George both swooped down on her. "Not feeling too bitter for a party, I hope?""Of course not," she said, beaming."We're going to sneak food from the kitchens," George said, grinning. "As our trusted successor in marauding, and clearly you're not against sneaking into places you shouldn't be-" Calla flushed at that "-you want to join us?""She just got here!" Ron protested."We'll be back in a minute," Calla said, shrugging. "Or you can come with us."But at that moment Hermione came over to them, shaking out her mane of her and snapping her book shut. "You're not meant to be here," she told Calla primly, and Calla stared at her, startled at her tone."Well, I - I know but-""It's a party, Hermione!" Ron said, exasperated. "Lighten up."Then he dragged Harry, Calla and the Weasley twins away. "She's probably going to tell Percy," Ron muttered."We'll deal with him," Fred sad, rolling his eyes. "Come on, Calla. Have you been to the kitchens yet?""Only once," Calla said as they left the room. "And it was mainly a mistake, so I didn't take anything.""Well, why not?" George asked. "The house elves are always more than happy to give the students food and drink whenever we want." He shrugged. "We've made use of it.""Kept telling Mum it'd be great if we had an elf round the house," Fred told her, grinning. "Do you remember how she was, Georgie?""Clipped you round the ear, if I remember correct," George said cheerfully. "And told me I could get to helping her out in an elf's place."Calla giggled. "And what did you do?""We did try," Fred said though he didn't sound very sincere."But we ended up turning Dad's work robes bright purple." Calla snorted. "Yeah, he wasn't too pleased about it. Neither was Mum, no flying allowed for a fortnight." George shook his head. "Terrible.""Mind you, It was a good laugh," Fred said, grinning at the memory."I'd hate to think what Uncle Vernon would do if Harry or I turned his suit purple," Calla said, with a shudder at the thought; no dinner for a week, or locked in their bedroom or worse, locked in the cupboard."D'you think we could do the same to Snape?" Fred was now pondering, and Calla's eyes widened. She giggled at the idea."Do something brighter than purple," she said immediately. "Pink, or yellow, or bright red!"George looked at her and grinned. "That is a fantastic idea, Calla!" he said, and grabbed her arm, whirling her around a corner. She shrieked, giving into a howling laugh. "Fred, I think we might just have ourselves a new accomplice!"Calla tossed her head back, laughing. "Georgie, I think we might just. You don't happen to know a spell we could use that would go undetected? All that Ravenclaw knowledge.""Not yet," Calla said, beaming. In all of a few minutes the Weasley twins seemed to have taken her on as a friend; an accomplice. She liked that word an awful lot. "But I'm sure I can find one that will do." She winked and the twins laughed uproariously, both beaming as they took her arms and raced down the corridors and then the stairs, descending to the kitchens.Fred tickled the pear on the portrait that marked the entrance to the kitchens, and all three of them were grinning as they entered. The house elves were all hard at work, but they were chattering between themselves are they were all smiling. Calla smiled at that; she was glad to know that not all houselves were treated as Dobby had been treated by the Malfoy's. "Misters Weasley!" called a small house elf with a squeaky voice and very floppy ears, who seemed to appear from nowhere before them. The houself looked at Calla and then grinned. "And a friend!""I'm Calla," Calla said, kneeling down to shake the little house-elf's hand. "Calla Potter.""Potter?" The house elf's eyes widened and Calla flushed. "Is it true?" The house elf looked at Fred and George who seemed to be trying not to laugh as they nodded."This is Tilly," George said. "All the house elves here seem to have heard of you.""Oh," Calla said, cheeks heating. "Well, it is lovely to meet you, Tilly.""And wha do Misters Weasley and Miss Potter want?" Tilly asked, bouncing up and down. "We has cake and ice cream and lots of sweets and drinks!""Oh, some cake would be great," Fred said, grinning. Tilly's face lit up."Tilly will get cakes for yous!"Not very long later, Tilly came back, skipping though her arms were laden with an assortment of cakes."Here," George said, shoving a Victoria sponge cake into Calla's arms. "You can take this."She took it with a grin, smiling over the top at Fred and George."Right," Fred said, "are we doing a Hogsmeade run or not, Georgie?""Gotta do a Hogsmeade run, Freddie," said George back. "Come on, Honeydukes should still be open, and if not I'm sure they'll let us in." He winked at Calla, who was beginning to tread on the edge of nervous. "We're their best regularly irregular customers.""But-" she looked between them, "Are you sure it's safe?""Course it's safe," George said, striding on ahead. "You've done it before, haven't you?" At her silence, they both paused and turned around to her. "Haven't you?""I - well, no.""No?" George exclaimed. "Why not?""Well, because it's not safe, and I know Remus wouldn't want me to risk it, not with Sirius Black still out there!""You'll be fine," George said brazenly. "Sirius Black wouldn't come into Hogsmeade.""He came into Hogwarts.""That's different. He's been sneaking, hasn't he? He'd have to have a right brass neck to show himself in Hogsmeade in the light of day on a Saturday.""But this isn't in the light of day, is it?" Calla asked worriedly. "What if-""You'll be with us the whole time," Fred said, quite kindly. "And we won't leave Honeydukes." He sighed. "If you really are scared about it, we'll take you back to the tower and do the Hogsmeade run ourselves.""I'm not scared," Calla said, though it was a lie. She was very scared indeed about Sirius Black. "But Harry'll be curious, he's been asking me to tell him how to get in for months now!""Then tell him at the next weekend," George said. "He'll get over it.""And Remus told us not to," she fretted. What would he say? On the one hand he was one of the boys who had created the map, to aid sneaking or, but on the other hand, so had Sirius Black... But Remus had said he didn't think he was using the old passageways, hadn't he? And if they were only going to Honeydukes... It still didn't sit right in her stomach, but both Weasley twins were looking at her expectantly and they'd just been so nice to her, hadn't they?"I'll go," she said, then. "But only if you stay with me the whole time and we don't leave Honeydukes.""Of course," said George, cheerfully. "Let us go and get our feast!"She giggled as he strode on, and though she still fretted the whole way down the passageway and in the store and right the way back again, nothing had happened. Nothing had even come close to happening."See?" George said, as they approached Sir Cadogan. "It all went fine. Fair maiden.""Enter, loyal friends! I see you are laden with the spoils of a feast!"They entered the Common Room to great applause, waving sweets and drinks and cakes around and making sure that everyone could get some of what they'd brought. "How did you get those?" Harry had asked Calla incredulously. "You didn't-""Fred and George really wanted me to sneak into Honeydukes with them so I did," Calla said in a rush. Harry's mouth fell agape."But you-""I swear that's the furthest I went, I'd barely left the passage and I knew you'd be upset with me so I brought you extra chocolates and also if you still really, really want to then on the next visit I won't stop you from going!" She said all of this in an awful rush, and was near out of breath by the end. Harry just stared at her."But I thought you said it was dangerous.""I think it still is," she said weakly. "But I - I was okay. And I realise I can't really stop you now, if you really want to go, though I still don't think that you should, I hardly ventured far and it's still not safe."He was still staring at her. Her heart felt awfully like it might fall from its place between her lungs and tumble right into the pits of her stomach. "But you won't stop me from going?"She shook her head. "I won't." He grinned and hugged her tightly."Thank you! Now come on, I want to try everything!"It was late - very late, certainly too late - by the time Calla went back to the Ravenclaw Tower, accompanied by Ron and Harry who both chattered far too loudly to stop themselves from getting caught. "Take this," she told them, flinging the map at them. "So you don't wind up getting yourselves caught by Snape or someone. Harry, you know what to do with it, don't you?"Harry had grinned, nodding fervently as he grasped the map. "Thanks. I'll see you in the morning, Calla!"Author's Note: Hi everyone! This is a bit of an early update, but hey, that can't exactly hurt can it? I'm going through a bit of a stressful time at the moment and today I've been a bit upset about things and my confidence in my writing but reading over all your lovely comments and reviews really cheered me up and I just wanted to get this out so I could say thank you! Also I have a question: I've currently got twenty three (and a half) chapters already written of the end of third year and the very beginning of fourth year which if spaced out as an update a week would amount to about five-six months worth of regular updates, but that is also quite a slow process. So, would you guys prefer two updates a week, but bearing in mind that once these chapters that were written over the Winter break are up, there may be a bit of a hiatus and a longer updating process because during the semester I really don't write nearly as much as when I'm on break because of other university/work commitments? Let me know and I'll try and figure out a schedule I think will work for updating, because I can't wait for you guys to read what's ahead for Calla but I want to make sure there isn't also a long gap later on when I've run out of content and am in a writing lull. 

From the very beginning of the next morning, Calla could tell that something had happened. No one had said so, but all of a sudden there was a high presence of prefects around her, and when they went to breakfast they spotted Flitwick enchanting the double doors of the castle to recognise a picture of Sirius Black. "What's happened?" Lisa whispered. "Do you know anything about this, Potter?""Why would I know anything about it?" Calla hissed back. "No.""You were the one who was out all night," Lisa said back. "If anyone saw something...""I don't know what's going on," Calla said, but when they entered the Great Hall her eyes went to Harry and Ron immediately. They were surrounded by a cluster of students, and Ron seemed to be doing most of the talking while Harry ate porridge grumpily. "I'll join you in a moment, save me a seat, won't you?"The girls all nodded, meandering over to the Ravenclaw Table, while Calla went over to the Gryffindors, joined by Padma. "Parvati looks spooked," she whispered. Calla glanced over and saw Padma's sister whispering to Lavender, and seeming to shake a little as she did so. "Something's definitely happened.""Definitely," Calla said, and had an awful feeling that she knew what it was even before she asked Harry and Ron. "What's going on?" she asked her brother, who scooted over to make room for her."Sirius Black," Ron said, staring her in the eyes. "He broke into the Tower last night and he got into our dormitory and-""He what!""And he was standing over me, with a knife, ripped my curtains open and everything and then I woke up and screamed and he scarpered!""What?" Calla asked hollowly. He'd broken in last night of all nights; and to think, she'd been in that passage from Hogsmeade earlier on. He could easily have gotten to her if he'd shown up them. She shivered at the thought and at once felt awful about sneaking out the night before. Anything could have happened. "You - are you alright?""I'm fine," Ron said bravely. "Got a right shock, though.""But he ran off? Didn't they find him?""They looked everywhere," Harry said. "But no one could. It was like he'd just vanished into thin air.""You don't think," Calla said quietly to the boys, so no one could hear, "he was using one of the passages?""Can't have been," Harry said. "We'd have heard if Honeydukes was broken into, and none of the others would work.""But the one from the Shrieking Shack..." she said quietly. "If he knew how to handle the Whomping Willow...""He'd have had to get over the grounds," Harry said. "He would have been seen, wouldn't he? By Hagrid or Filch or someone, at least.""Besides," said Ron, munching on a piece of toast, "how would Black know how to handle the Whomping Willow? He wouldn't."Calla and Harry exchanged nervous glances. "Yeah," Harry said frowning. "You're probably right, Ron.""Course I am," Ron said. "Toast, Calla?"She shook her head, and got to her feet. She'd spokento Remus about the passages and he'd said he'd mention it to Dumbledore, hadn't he? Surely now something would have to be done. At least she'd gotten to try going to Hogsmeade once. "Harry," she said, bending down again. "You know you can't go to Hogsmeade now, right?""What?" He turned around sharply to stare at her; Ron looked scandalised. "You went!""And I could have been killed," she hissed. "Really, You - You can't go.""If he didn't use the passage the first two times, he won't use it again," Harry said."That doesn't mean he won't be in Hogsmeade, watching for you!""He already knows Harry can't go," Ron said, "he's not seen him the last two times. I reckon it'll be fine, mate.""You can't be serious!" Calla said. "Harry!""It's fine," he muttered. "Go have breakfast, Calla.""We're not-""Calla!"She glared at Harry for a long moment so he understood exactly how annoyed she was, and turned on her heel to stomp back to the Ravenclaw Table, Padma joining her hurriedly. "So I suppose you're annoyed with him again?""He's being stupid," Calla muttered, sitting down and snatching a slice of toast from the basket. "That's all. Nothing new."Later on, she, Daphne, Padma and Hermione all marched down to Hagrid's hut, intent on helping him to form a case for Buckbeak's defense, accompanied by Remus, who had insisted on the extra precaution. "We'll be fine," Calla told him, but knew he wouldn't believe her. Seeing as Ron and Harry still weren't speaking to Hermione, and appeared to have forgotten Hagrid's plight, they weren't down there with them.Hermione, though, had been very quiet the whole walk down. "The boys aren't still upsetting you, are they?" Calla asked in a whisper."No," she said hurriedly. "Well, yes, they are a bit, but that's - that's not it. I'm just stressed. We have a lot of exams coming up and a lot to do and prepare for.""Are you sure or shouldn't think about lightening your workload?""Of course not!" Hermione said briskly, walking on. "McGonagall has faith that I can do it.""Yeah, but, Hermione-""It's fine!" Hermione insisted. "Come on, let's keep up."Remus glanced back at them, slowing his pace so they could catch up to them. "Sorry," Calla murmured, and pressed against Hermione. "You're going to be okay, you know," she whispered. "I do believe in you, and I believe that Harry and Ron will make up with you eventually. They'll come around; they've got to.""Yeah," said Daphne. "And if they don't, they're idiots and we're better of without them anyway. Sorry, Calla.""Thanks," Hermione said quietly. "It's just lonely. I can see you three in the library, but in Gryffindor Tower it's - it's like no one wants me there!"To Calla's alarm, Hermione burst into tears, and the three girls rushed around her. "That's not true," Padma said hastily. Calla glanced urgently at Remus, who looked rather uncertain of himself. "I'm sure everyone does, Hermione. Parvati thinks you're brilliant, and so does Lavender! I know that!"Hermione sniffled. "It's not the same though. I know I'm getting on everyone's nerves, but now it's - it's like they all hate me-""No one hates you, Mione," Calla said gently. "I'm sure of that."She shook her head. "They do! And I'm making everything worse by being so stressed all the time, but I - I don't think I can help it! And I can't tell - I - I-"She looked at Remus, who hastily intervened. "I think perhaps we should return to the castle," he said. "I'll let Hagrid know something came up.""No, no, we should still help him and the hearing's on Friday-""We can see him another time," Padma said gently, placing a gentle hand on Hermione's shoulder. "Tomorrow, maybe, we can make sure everything's organised, but you've been excellent so far, haven't you? Come on, Hermione, it's okay. We'll stay with you, don't worry.""No, no, I don't want to worry you all or-""You're our friend," said Calla firmly, smiling at Hermione. "We're sticking by you."She had been sure Hermione was about to burst into tears again, but they got her back into the castle without any further outbursts. "What do you say we sit in the courtyard for a bit?" Daphne suggested. "I've got a great Gobstones set we can play with.""Oh, I've still got an awful lot of work to do.""You'll feel better for something to take your mind off of it," Padma promised.Calla turned to Remus. "We are allowed in the courtyard, right?"He laughed. "Yes, you are. But stick together. Will I see you and Harry tomorrow night?" Calla nodded. "Alright. Stay safe." He paused a moment before adding, "If you'd like, we can start working on the Patronus Charm.""Really?" Calla breathed, hardly able to contain her excitement. "Thank you!"He nodded to them and smiled warmly at Hermione before leaving. "He's really decent," Daphne said as they ascended towards Ravenclaw Tower. "I hope he stays on past the Summer.""Me too," Calla said, grinning. "He's the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we've ever had, isn't he? And that isn't just me being biased," she added quickly, and the others laughed.Padma waited outside Ravenclaw Tower with Hermione as Calla and Daphne went inside to fetch her Gobstones set. "Do you know what's up with her?" Daphne asked once they were in. "I get the feeling there's more to it than she's admitting.""Me too," Calla agreed. "But she won't tell me, and I don't suppose we can force her to.""Yeah," said Daphne, picking up the bag of Gobstones. "I don't know. I think talking helps, but I'm not sure we're quite who she wants to talk to. I just hope Harry and Ron see sense soon; she needs them on her side."She shrugged her shoulders in an elegant fashion and then strode from the dormitory, Calla following quickly after her. But she almost ran into Daphne when she stopped abruptly by the notice board. Calla followed her gaze to see a new notice about the next Hogsmeade visit - next weekend. "I'm not going," Daphne said decisively, tossing her hair. "I'm surprised they're still holding it anyway, it's far too dangerous." She smiled at Calla in a way that made her wonder if that was really the only reason why. "We'll have an awful lot of fun in an empty castle, too. I miss our adventuring."And then, leaving Calla grinning, she ducked cheerfully out of the common room and wouldn't hear another word about it.XxHarry was suspiciously un-grumpy about the latest Hogsmeade news. In fact, he seemed to be in a very good mood indeed for the whole day on Monday and for the whole time that they spent with Remus. "I think Daphne's staying behind this weekend," Calla told him and Remus. "And on Saturday we're going to see Hagrid, to see how his hearing went with Buckbeak. I know he's really worried.""He has to get off," Harry said, but he didn't sound very convinced. "Me - Ron and I saw him earlier. He was worried. We had wanted to help, but with everything going on, we-""Forgot?" Calla rolled her eyes. "I know. Hermione and I have helped him, though, and we've found a lot of good evidence and case studies to help back him up, and Daphne and Padma have helped too. You know Daphne's uncle's involved with that department? She's written to him and he says he's going to support Hagrid. It probably isn't really how things are meant to work," she admitted, "but neither is what Malfoy's doing."Remus smiled gently. "And is Hermione feeling any better?"Calla nodded. "I think so. She seemed it, anyway, when we left her, she was so much happier.""She was in a mood in the common room," Harry said. "When Ron and I got back from Hagrid's. She-" He loitered over his words and Calla narrowed here eyes "-Well, I don't know what was wrong, but you know Hermione.""She's going through a lot at the moment," Calla told him. "You two ought to be a bit more considerate of her feelings, you know. She's really upset, she thinks you hate her.""I don't," Harry said quickly. "Ron..." Calla fixed him with a hard stare. "Ron's still upset about Scabbers.""I know. But... Never mind." She turned to Remus brightly, hoping to change the subject. "Can we start on the Patronus? You said yesterday I could start to learn!""Indeed I did," said Remus, smiling. "Just a moment. I know your Boggart isn't a Dementor, but Harry's is. Hopefully you should also be able to practice on that."Calla shivered at the thought but forced herself to smile. "Yeah. I'll do my best!"She'd already done some reading around the subject, establishing the purpose and intention of the Charm, but she knew it was meant to be very, very advanced magic, well beyond anything they'd learn for their O.W.L.s.Remus disappeared into the next room to fetch the Boggart wardrobe, and both Calla and Harry stood up. Her hands were shaking around her wand's handle, but she tried to steel herself. She was going to do this, one way or another, whether it went how she wanted it to or not. "You feeling okay?" Harry asked, and she nodded nervously."Yeah. I can do it."When Remus returned, he was carrying a massive wardrobe which rattled its way into the room. "Right," he said. "Calla, how much do you know about the Patronus Charm?""I know that it's meant to act as a protector, not just against Dementors, even though that's what they're mainly used for and their main purpose, but in general, too." Remus smiled at her and she continued. "And I know it's meant to be sort of channelled by a happy memory? And there's an incantation that's used for it. And I know it usually takes the form of an animal, but there's no way to really know what until it's cast." She looked at Remus, who was nodding along with her. "Is that all right?"He nodded. "You're quite correct, Calla. Now, the incantation you mentioned... Harry, could you demonstrate for us?"Harry stepped forward, looking nervous as she pulled out his wand. He adjusted his feet into a firm stance and looked to be concentrating very hard as he said, "Expecto patronum."Wisps of silver came from the end of his wand. "Expecto patronum," he repeated, and the wisps, to Calla's astonishment, formed together to create what looked like a shield, threads of light dancing through it and falling in an arc like they were water."Whoa," Calla said, staring at it. It was beautiful. "I - I want to try."Remus smiled at her, and gestured for Harry to let go of the charm. The silver dissipated into the air. "You have to focus very, very hard on a particular memory. It has to be very happy, and very, very strong."Calla thought. There weren't many she was sure would work; maybe finding out she was a witch, or at the end of First Year realising she as Harry had both survived and won, or when she and Daphne and Padma all became friends, or one of the nights spent in the dorms in Ravenclaw with all their year, just chatting and laughing and being happy. "I think I've got one," she said, picturing that feast at the end of last year, everyone safe and happy and Hermione and Hagrid both having returned to them.She grasped her wand tightly and looked to Remus, who nodded. "Whenever you're ready."Steeling herself, Calla adjusted her stance and pointed her wand into the air. Her voice shook a little as she said, "Expecto patronum." There was a heart-stopping second in which nothing happened, before the same silvery strands of magic came out of the end of her wand, dancing in the air. She beamed and looked to Remus. "Expecto patronum!"The silver got brighter, but didn't change into a shield at all. She frowned, but Remus seemed satisfied with her work anyway. "That was brilliant," he said, and Harry grinned at her, nodding. "Do you think you can try with the Dementor now?"She wasn't sure, but she could hardly say no now. Heart hammering, Calla nodded, and moved off to the side so Harry could face the Boggart. When Remus opened the wardrobe, she'd thought she was ready, but at the sight of the Dementor it was like everything just went cold again, cold and dull and heavy. Words hissed in her ears, and she tried to ignore them. Mine. I will take it. You cannot stop me.She stared at the Dementor for a long moment, shaking, before she came back to herself enough to realise both Remus and Harry were watching her, and she tightened her grip on her wand, concentrating very heavily. It's not real, she reminded herself, with a lump in her throat. This isn't real. It's fine. "Ex-Expecto... Expecto patronum." A silver light came from the top of her wand and fizzled our. She stared at where it had hung."That's alright," Remus said quickly. "Harry, why don't-""I can try again!" Calla said quickly, and shifted so she could face the Dementor better. "I... Oaky. Expecto... Patronum!" Two wisps of silver came from her wand, and though the cold was starting to wrap around her, Calla tried to bring her words back up, pointing her wand right at the Dementor. "Expecto patronum!"But it didn't work. The silver whisper away to nothing as the Dementor came closer, as the blood rushednin her ears. Cold clutched around her heart. "Expecto patronum," she said again, voice shaking. Her legs felt like jelly as she stumbled back.All mine. Do not try to stop me, foolish girl. I will have what I came for."Go away!" she yelled, still holding her wand, though it felt like it might slip from her grasp at any moment. "I - I won't-"She choked on her words and Remus jumped in, casting his own Patronus towards the Dementor, and forcing it back. A wolf ran at it, chasing the Dementor into the wardrobe, and Remus ran forward to slam its doors closed.Calla hadn't realised she was on the floor, but she was. When the Dementor was gone, she took a long, shaky breath before she looked up. "I'm sorry," she said. "I thought-""You did very well, Calla," Remus said. "To produce anything on your first try is very difficult."She shook a little as Harry helped her to her feet, and leaned against his shoulder. "You ought to have a sit down," Remus told her, guiding both her and Harry - who was very pale - to armchairs. "Here." He broke off two massive slabs of chocolate and handed them to the twins. "You did excellent.""I fell on the floor," Calla said bitterly, cheeks flushing. She'd thought she might be able to fight the Dementor.. But she hadn't. "I - I didn't hear Mum this time," she said quietly, and Harry looked at her. "I think..." She didn't want to say it. Saying it made it feel real, it gave it power and she was already so scared. But now Remus and Harry were both looking at her, expecting her to say something. "I think I heard Voldemort."That plunged the room into an even more somber mood. "You - you did?"Calla nodded heavily, curling up in the armchair. "I think so.""Calla," Remus said quietly. "I'm so sorry. What... That must have been awful.""Yeah," she said, nodding numbly."No wonder you were upset," Harry said quietly, and reached across to hug her tightly. She tried not to cry, but as always, she failed, and buried her face in Harry's warm shoulder. "Oh, Calla."XxThe morning of the Hogsmeade visit, after they'd eaten breakfast, Calla and Daphne waved Padma and the rest of their friends off from the courtyard. "It's a bit rubbish, anyway," said Daphne, as they left. "Not that much to see."Calla laughed. "Thanks, Daphne."As they made their way up the stairs to the library, Daphne ducked away to grab another quill from the Ravenclaw Tower, with the promise that she'd meet Calla in the library. Pulling out her map, Calla assessed the quickest way to the library, but her eyes caught on something else. Harry's name, headed towards the statue of the one eyed witch. "Oh no you don't," she hissed, and stuffed the map into her pocket, walking as quickly as she could to where she was sure Harry was headed.She grabbed ahold of him a few corners away from the statue, and whisked Harry into another hidden alcove. He let out a yell, shoving her away. "Calla, what are you doing?""You can't go to Hogsmeade!" she cried, grabbing his arm again. "Not now!""You said you weren't going to stop me!" Harry replied. "You-""That was before Sirius Black almost murdered you in your sleep!" she sobbed, shaking her head quickly. "It's too dangerous, he's still after you!""You got to go!""And I shouldn't have! I know that! I could have gotten myself killed, not to mention Fred and George, and what if I'd led him to you! What if he'd followed us and heard the password and that was how he got in?""But he didn't! He got the list from Neville!""But he well could have! And it would have been my fault! Harry, it's far, far too dangerous!" She softened her voice, stepping away worriedly. "Please, just... Don't go."He sighed, with a very long look at her. "Fine, Calla. I won't. I've got an essay on vampires to finish anyway, I'll just go to the library.""Promise?" Calla asked, and he clasped her hand."Promise, Calla. I'll just get my books from Gryffindor Tower and I'll meet you and Daphne up there."She hadn't thought to check the map, thoughit was still stored safely in her bag. But as she and Daphne sat in the library and waited on him, it became increasingly clear that he'd done exactly what he said he wouldn't do. When Calla did glance at the map, her worst fears were concerned; Harry did not appear anywhere in the castle, and that meant he'd snuck out."I can't believe him," she whispered to Daphne, who hugged."He's ridiculous, if you ask me. Ron would get him sweets easily if he wants them." She shrugged. "And I for one, would much rather be with you, anyway." Calla beamed at Daphne despite her worry, but it turned to a frown quickly when she glanced at the map again."He could be in all sorts of danger," she said."There's nothing you can do now," Daphne told her. "And you know if you tell anyone he'll be furious with you.""I'd rather him angry with me than in danger from Sirius Black," she said, getting to her feet."Don't," Daphne said, pulling her down."I should have made sure something was done about that passage. I-""You told Remus, didn't you?" Daphne asked, and she nodded. "Clearly Dumbledore didn't think it was enough of a worry.""Just because no one thought Black wouldn't come in doesn't mean I shouldn't have made sure Harry couldn't sneak out! And I gave him the map; if he's in danger it's because of me, Daphne!""No," Daphne said firmly. "It's not. He made that decision on his own against everyone's better judgement. I'm sure he'll be fine too, but you can't blame yourself and keep worrying. Speak to him when he gets back, don't tell on him now." She rubbed her arm soothingly. "I'm sure everything'll be alright."Even so, Calla found she had a hard time concentrating on the vampire essay. She was four paragraphs in when she declared it was nonsense and moved onto filling in her dream diary for Trelawney instead, which was much easier and left a lot more space to allow her mind to wander. The two of them had been there for a while when Calla spotted a sudden change on the parchment of the map; a dot, with Harry's name, racing up the passage, and Snape's dot rushing towards it, too."Snape's found him out," she said mournfully, shoving the map towards Daphne. Harry's dot left the passage, and rounded a corner just as Snape came the other way. She watched helplessly as her brother was dragged off along the corridor, towards Snape's office."That idiot," Daphne hissed, and abruptly went about shoving all their things back into their bags."I'm going to have to go and rescue him now, aren't I?" Calla muttered, grabbing her bag. "What do I say?""I don't know!" Daphne said. "Make something up, say he was with us, I'll back it up if you need me to. Just go!"Calla nodded sharply, and bolted it from the library, clutching her map tightly. She took the stairs down a little twisting hidden stairwell, galloping down two at a time, and tried to make it look like she hadn't been running as she made her way along the dungeons to Snape's office.She'd noticed he hadn't come back to the library, she'd decided. And thought she ought to find him, and when she couldn't asked a Hufflepuff boy - whose name she conveniently couldn't remember - if he'd seen them and he'd said he was with Snape, so she'd come here to see what was wrong.At the entrance to his office, Calla knocked quickly and steeled herself as Snape drawled, "Enter."She whirled inside, and was relieved to see Harry sitting there. Though he seemed quite terrified, likely at the consequences of his actions (consequences she had had half a mind to let him beat, if they weren't going to be consequences imposed on him by Snape), he looked relieved at the sight of his sister. "Oh, you are here!" She said, smiling. "Daphne and I were getting worried about you."Snape narrowed his eyes as she turned to him. "Sorry to interrupt, Professor. You see, Harry had been studying with Daphne and I in the library - we were working on an essay for Defense Against the Dark Arts that both of our classes had been set - and he went to fetch something from Gryffindor Tower-""More parchment," Harry supplied, and Calla nodded."Yeah, that was it. He took a while and I was getting worried, so came to look for him, but I ran into a Hufflepuff boy who said he'd seen you with him? And I was worried something might have happened, so I came to see what!" She said this all in a rush, as if she really had been looking for him, and hoped Snape couldn't tell; she tried to implement a little bit of Occlumency, but doubted it was very effective. "But - but is everything all right? Nothings happened?""Miss Potter, I was recently informed by Draco Malfoy that your brother had been spotted in Hogsmeade. Specifically, his head.""His head?" Calla laughed tensely. "I hope you don't mind my saying, sir, but I don't really know how Harry's head could have made its way to Hogsmeade.""Mr Potter himself was in Hogsmeade," Snape said clippedly. "If his head was, then it stands to reason his whole body was. And might I remind you, neither of you are allowed into Hogsmeade.""Well, obviously, sir," she said, and he glared at her. "Sorry, I didn't mean to sound rude but - we both know the risks, and the dangers. We know Sirius Black is out there and that he may be after us; why would either of us risk that for a school trip and some shopping?""Why indeed," said Snape, eyes glittering. "But Mr Malfoy's claims are surely not false.""With respect, sir, Malfoy doesn't particularly like Harry, or Gryffindors in general, very much. Is it possible he is trying to get Harry into trouble?""Are you accusing one of my students of lying, Miss Potter?"She tried not to fumble. "I don't know. But I don't see why Harry would have gone to Hogsmeade, or how, for that matter." She forced a laugh. "Sorry, Professor. I'm sure there's been a misunderstanding, but we should find Daphne, she's somewhere looking for us, I think."Harry made to get up at that, but Snape held up a hand, face white and stern. "Just a moment. I believe we ought to see what Professor Lupin makes of this?""Prof - Professor Lupin, Sir?" Harry asked. Calla knew he would be far more worried about what Remus thought than what Snape did, and he knew about the map. He'd work it out in a moment, and then surely he'd realise Calla had snuck out the night of the party, and... She steeled her breath but there was no time to protest."Yes, I quite think so," Snape said, looking between the two of them. He walked over to the fireplace, dropped some Floo Powder and called out, "Professor Remus Lupin!"Not even a moment later, Remus strode out of the fireplace. "Ah, Severus!" He looked between a guilty looking Harry and Calla, who felt rather like a deer caught in headlights. She knew he'd be upset with them, now, and that was the last thing that she'd ever wanted to do. "Whatever is the matter here?""I don't suppose you would know anything about Mr Potter here sneaking into Hogsmeade Village?" Snape drawled. Remus looked momentarily stunned."I can't so that I do, Severus," he said shortly. "Nor can I think why Harry would do such a thing, knowing both the dangers and the fact that he has been expressly forbidden from doing so." He shook his head. "Severus, do you have evidence of this?""Mr Malfoy witnessed Mr Potter's head in Hogsmeade earlier today," Snape said. "And I saw him lingering around a certain statue of a one eyed witch earlier, too. Not that I suppose you'd know anything about that.""Most certainly not," Remus said. "I'm sure there is an explanation for all this. But I think I ought to handle things from here.""Lupin-""Severus," Remus said, and gestures to Harry and Calla, who were both rather surprised. "Come along, now, to my office."He led them promptly into the fireplace and Calla couldn't believe her luck as they wound up in his office instead, still stumbling onto the carpet. "You idiot!" she said to Harry as soon as they came through. "What were you thinking? I told you not to go!""You can't tell me what to do!" Harry turned to Remus. "Look, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get caught.""It is not getting caught that bothers me," Remus said shortly. "Harry, you were told not to go into Hogsmeade, for your own safety, and you forbade not only me, but Dumbledore and McGonagall, and for what? A handful of sweets?""Calla did it too!" Harry said, and Calla rounded on him, spluttering. "Last weekend, after Quidditch!""I-" She faltered as she looked at Remus. "I did, and I'm so, so sorry. Fred and George and I went to the kitchens to get food for a - a party and they wanted to go to Honeydukes too and I was worried because I knew it was dangerous and you wouldn't want me too, but I - I went anyway and it was stupid!" A lump rose in her throat and her words stumbled over it. "And Sirius Black came in that same night and I realised I'd been so, so stupid and it - it wan't worth it not really, because something could have happened and it - it was stupid. And I know and I'm sorry. So that's why I told Harry not to go, but clearly he did anyway and - and I'm sorry." She hung her head, eyes stinging with bitter and angry tears; her anger directed at herself. "I know it was wrong." Biting her lip, she thrust the map out towards Remus. "You should take this back. Without it this never would have happened.""Calla," Remus said gently, "look at me." He took the map, folded it, and sighed. "What you did was stupid, you're right." The words stung. "And unnecessary. But I know that you know that." She nodded harshly."I'm really sorry...""Harry, you both should have known not to risk it, especially after Sirius' second break-in." He looked at Harry with a very hard stare, and he squirmed uncomfortably under it. "Was it worth it, do you think?""I-" Harry said. "I- I didn't think Snape would catch me."Remus shook his head. "I'd be much more worried about Sirius Black than Snape, Harry." His gaze turned stony and intense. "Lily and James gave their lives for you, both of you. Risking your lives over sweets and joke tricks? I hardly think that honours their sacrifice, do you?"Harry swallowed deeply and shook his head. Neither twin said any more, and left the office in quiet."I can't believe you," Calla said to him. "You could have been in danger. And you lied to me!""Calla, I'm sorry, but-""Calla! Harry!" Daphne was sprinting down the corridor, Padma, Hermione and Ron right behind her. "Calla, we've just had a letter from Hagrid, he's still in London-""Oh, Calla, it's awful," said Hermione, looking on the verge of tears. "He lost the trial!""Buckbeak's going to be executed."They all fell into shocked silence for a long moment before they erupted into protest. "They can't!" Harry cried. "Buckbeak's done nothing wrong!""He was just reacting the way we were told Hippogriffs do when they're insulted!" Ron said furiously."Malfoy's father's b-bullied the committee into voting against Buckbeak," sobbed Hermione."It's ridiculous," Daphne said, quite pink in the cheeks. "He can't do that! When I get my hands on Draco... Ugh!""There's going to be an appeal, though," said Padma, looking at Calla. "We do still have a chance.""Well, we won't give up, then! We can't give up!""I don't see any point, though," said Hermione quietly. "Nothing will have changed.""Yes, it will," said Ron. "Me and Harry will help you this time, we'll find something that'll work!"Then to everyone's immense surprise, Hermione cried, "Oh, Ron!" and flung herself forwards, wrapping her arms tightly around his neck and burying her face into his shoulder. Harry looked on very awkwardly, and Calla glanced at Daphne and Padma, who were both hiding giggles at the sight."Ron," Hermione said eventually, stepping back, "I'm really, really sorry about Scabbers.""Oh-" said Ron, still looking a bit in shock but relieved she'd let go. "Well, he was old, anyways. And he was a bit useless. You never know, maybe now Mum and Dad might buy me an owl.""About time," Daphne muttered, shuffling closer to Calla. "How long's it been?""Too long," Calla whispered back, grinning. But now it felt like maybe everything could go back to normal, and all her friends were friends again. It was a very happy thought indeed.Author's Note: Okay! I've decided from now on I'm going to aim for two updates a week, one on a Monday and one on a Friday for the foreseeable future! We're already coming to the end of third year a bit, which is wild to me, but yeah. I'm so excited for the events at the end of third year, namely meeting Sirius, and I can't wait for you guys to read it!

What frustrations Calla had had with Harry had dwindled in the face of Buckbeak's own terrible fate. As a group, they had all taken to reading and researching as much as they could to help with the case, though taking as much pressure off of Hermione's shoulders as possible. Ron, for one, had risen tremendously to the challenge, as Calla had been pleased and Daphne had been shocked to see."Who knew Weasley had it in him?" Daphne had said one day before Ancient Runes. "Making it up with Hermione and doing the research she usually does?""I'm not too surprised," Padma'd said mildly, leaning against the wall. "It had to happen at some point, after all.""I'm just glad it's happened now," Calla said. "We've got far too much to be worrying about without all their drama getting in the middle of things.""Speaking of," Daphne said, lowering her voice, "I know we're not meant to, but we have to go and speak to Hagrid at some point, outside of classes. There's no point simply researching without also working with him."They'd had no time to debate this further, however, as Professor Babbling had called them in and Calla had taken her seat away from the girls, still between Zach and Susan. Zach was slumped on his desk dramatically, and looked up when Calla sat down. "I am so ill," he declared, and Calla giggled."Yeah? And what's wrong?"He coughed. "Plague, most likely.""He's been like this all day," Susan told her with a huff. "Ignore him. All he needs is a Pepper-Up Potion and to stop whining.""I'm not whining," Zach said. "It's serious."Susan rolled her eyes. "Just get yourself seen to. And don't cough near my Runes charts."With a laugh, Calla set about taking out her things, placing them on her table. "By the way," Susan whispered, leaning across the aisle, "did you hear about Hagrid's Hippogriff? I thought you would have, but my aunt knows people on the committee and she told me, isn't it awful?""I know," Calla said back, sighing. "We're trying to help, but...""There's always something you can do," Susan said, sitting up as Professor Babbling strode into the room.Rune charts fell from the ceiling, with various new and unseen Runes appearing. Calla grinned, sittin up straight and getting her quill out to start taking notes.In Charms, which was their next class, there seemed to have been a great upset amongst all the Gryffindors. "It was epic!" Dean Thomas was telling Izzy and Terry as Calla entered; he was grinning, sitting on a desk with his feet propped up on a chest. "Just went up to him and smack! Right across the face.""One hell of a right hook," Seamus was saying too. "He had it coming, though, like.""What's going on?" Calla asked, and both Daphne and Padma just shrugged."Have you heard?" Dean called to her, just as Harry and Ron appeared in the room. "Well, I suppose they know better than us what happened."Calla turned around and frowned at Harry and Ron. "What did you do?" she asked her brother flatly, and he made a face in indignation."We didn't do anything!" he protested."It was Hermione!" Ron said excitedly. "Slapped Malfoy right around the cheek!""She did what?" Padma asked, mouth falling open."Why?" Daphne demanded, hands on hips. "What did-""He called Hagrid pathetic," Ron told her, with a hard look. "He deserves it, and more. But Hermione was bloody brilliant!""Yeah?" Calla asked, frowning around he boys. "Where is she?"Both boys startled and turned around. "But-" Ron said. "She - she was right behind us. She was right there, wasn't she?""Yeah," Harry said, staring at the doorway. "Where'd she go?""Yes, Yes," Flitwick called, "settle down, please, class."They all shared very confused looks and hurried to their seats, Isobel slipping into the empty seat that had been left beside Padma. "Is Hermione alright?" she whispered, and they all shrugged."You don't think Malfoy..." Harry said slowly, but then he shook his head. "He won't have done anything to her, right?""He had better not."That day, Flitwick told them they were to work on Cheering Charms, which according to Daphne was very likely to come up on the exam."I'm sure I'll be crap at this," Isobel said to them, holding her wand. "Sorry, Padma."Padma looked very disgruntled by this early apology; she usually worked with either Hermione or Daphne, both of whom were quite good at Charms. Isobel, however, had a tendency to be quite experimental with her magic. The period came and went, though, and it wasn't terrible at all. By the end, all their charms had worked, and Daphne and Calla were both perfectly cheerful as they headed to lunch, Calla half-skipping down the corridor."Think you might've overdone it a bit, Daphne," Ron said, staring after her. Calla turned to them and beamed, her bag swinging."Come on!" she called, and the girls hastened to keep up with her. "I can't wait for lunch!""Christ," Isobel muttered, following her down.The charm was mostly wearing off by the time it came to leave the Great Hall and go to their next classes, though, and Calla was beginning to worry a little about Hermione. "I'm sure she's fine," said Padma, though she looked rather concerned, too."Yeah," Daphne agreed. "And it looks like Harry and Ron have gone to see her anyway." She shouldered her bag as they reached the steps at the edge of the entrance hall. "Anyway, I'm off. I'm sure Hermione'll show up in Divination."With a wave, she disappeared along the corridor and Calla, Padma and Isobel began the long walk up to Divination. They managed somehow to be the first ones there, and Calla slumped at her table - which now had a crystal ball on it - still turned towards Padma and Isobel. "Is it bad I'm starting to get tired of this class?" she asked, rubbing her eyes. "It still makes my head ache.""Is this because you're not good at Palmistry?" Isobel asked, and Padma scolded her."Not really," Calla said, shrugging. "I don't mind that so much, it's just that this room always bothers me. It makes my head hurt, and... Yeah." She'd never actually told them the full truth about her visions, not really. And if they knew some of the things she'd seen... There were an awful lot of things she didn't think she could bring herself to tell anyone. Horrible things, that terrified her. Pale hands reaching from deep within forests, blood spilled scarlet on gravestones and in half-destroyed buildings, people writhing, screaming on the ground.She jolted herself out of her memories, shuddering. "Calla?" Padma said, frowning. "Are you okay?""Yeah," she said quickly; too quickly, she was sure. "Sorry. What were you saying?"Padma and Isobel exchanged worried glances. "We were just asking if you think you should tell Trelawney this room hurts your head? It's probably all the smoke.""Oh." Calla shook her head. "No, no, she says it's important for her Inner Eye." Isobel raised her eyebrows and Calla flushed. "I won't mess with her process."Just then, Parvati and Lavender rushed up the stairs, giggling something about Seamus Finnigan and thoroughly distracting Padma, so that Calla had a moment to herself to draw out her books and her Seeing records before Harry came into the room, followed by Ron and, to Calla's relief, Hermione."Hi!" she said chirpily. "Are you alright?"Hermione nodded, though her cheeks were flushed as she hurried to their table. "Yes, just fell asleep, I got distracted. But I'm fine.""You do look tired," Calla said as kindly as she could. "You should make sure you get an early night tonight."Hermione nodded briskly. "Yes, thanks, Calla.""What's with this?" Ron asked, gesturing to the crystal ball before them. "I didn't think we were due to start crystal balls yet."Calla shrugged. "I guess we are, now. Still, it's better than Palmistry."Ron nodded. "Even you didn't like that, Calla. And now that's saying something."Calla stuck her tongue out playfully as the boys sat down. "Don't complain," Harry said. "At least she might stop flinching every time she looks at my hands.""Good day to you all," came Trelawney's misty voice from a doorway, and Calla turned to see her shrouded in a burgundy shawl, creeping into the classroom. She looked around, seeing Parvati and Lavender seeming to shake with excitement, while Padma clearly was not so interested, instead frowning at Trelawney's appearance. Calla held back a grin."I have decided," Trelawney said dramatically, "to introduce the crystal ball a little earlier than planned. My Inner Eye has informed my that the orb will make an appearance in your end of year examination, and I am anxious to ensure that you all have sufficient practice.""Her Inner Eye has informed her!" Hermione said, rolling her eyes. She made no effort to be quiet, either, though Trelawney didn't seem to care. "She's the one who makes the exams."Calla shook her head, turning back to Trelawney. Maybe Hermione had a point there, but she was in general very dismissive of Divination. Trelawney continued, "Crystal gazing is a particularly refined art. I do not expect any of you to See when you first stare into the orb's depths, though one of you has a particular aptitude." Her round eyes landed on Calla, and she flushed bright red as everyone turned to look at her. Harry gave her a sympathetic smile. "We shall start by practicing relaxing both the conscious mind and the external eyes. At that, Ron started laughing, and Calla shot him what she hoped was a harsh enough glare to shut him up, but wasn't. "So as to clear the Inner Eye and the super-conscious. Perhaps, if we are lucky, more than one of you will see before the end of the class."Calla had to hide a grin at everyone else's confused faces; she pulled the crystal ball closer towards her and touched her fingertips to it, looking at the smooth, milky surface for a long moment before it cleared a little, and shadows began to rise to the surface. "What is she doing?" Ron muttered to Harry."Dunno," Harry said. "But it's probably working."She shot him a small grin over the top of the crystal ball, and then looked back down, concentrating on trying to clear her mind, and to clear the crystal ball with it. The ball always cleared easier than her mind did, and the pleasantly happy hum the Cheering Charm left her with helped, too, to put her at ease.The shadows began to take shapes and then forms, taking on colour and life. Something red was growing in the depths of the ball, not a fire, but something else, something similar. She frowned, leaning closer. "Don't tell me you can actually see something," Hermione said flatly, breaking Calla's focus."I could," she said. "Just be quiet for a moment." When she glanced back at the ball, the red image was gone, and she sighed, as something else rose to the forefront. The swing of an axe, the scattering of crows - seven, she knew they must be seven - and a mouse, scurrying across the grass. She looked closer, frowning."This is such a waste of time," Hermione hissed. "I could be catching up on Cheering Charms right now!""Hermione," Harry said lowly. "I think Calla's trying to concentrate."She didn't have the mental space to say thank you - she had to focus - but hoped Harry knew she was grateful anyway. The mists in the crystal ball were moving and clearing, tendrils of cloud weaving in between one another, like they were creating shapes themselves. And she was sure the ball was glowing too, lit from within, by something not quite silver and not quite gold, but bright all the same. The jagged shape of something stood against the swirling mist.Trelawney murmured something Calla didn't focus on, and she looked closer, the beginnings of something nagging at her. A pale hand reaching out, shaking, claws extending from the nails. Something blooming from the fingertips under the nail, something red, and then something grey curling like smoke amongst the mist of the ball."Looks like there's going to be a lot of fog tonight," Ron said, and Hermione burst into laughter. Calla snapped up, concentration well and truly broken by the laughing all around her."For-""Now, really!" said Trelawney, rushing over. "You are disrupting the clairvoyant vibrations!"Calla glared at Ron, who seemed to still be stifling his laughter. Hermione was making even less effort, and Calla could still hear her giggling. The sound made her cheeks heat up; clearly none of her friends were taking this, or her, very seriously at all. But now Trelawney was at their table, and leaning over Calla's shoulder to get a look at the crystal ball and its depths."There is something here!" Trelawney said, leaning down closer, eyes to the ball."Can you see it, too?" Calla asked her, staring. If Trelawney saw what she saw then she could help to make sense of it."Something is moving," said Trelawney. "But what..." Hermione tutted. "My dear," Trelawney said, ignoring Hermione and looking up at Harry with wide and sorrowful eyes, "it is there... Plainer than ever it has been before... Stalking towards you... Coming closer... It is... The Grim! And-""Oh, for goodness' sake!" Hermione cried out. "Not that stupid Grim again!"But Trelawney was looking at Calla. "My dear, I had not foreseen already... How could I not have seen... You have the dying hand.""Dying hand?" Hermione repeated with a mocking laugh that set Calla on edge. "This is ridiculous!""I am sorry to say," Trelawney said to Hermione coldly, "That from the moment you entered my class, it has been adamantly clear that you do not possess any of the qualities required for the noble art of true Divination. Indeed, I don't remember ever meeting a student who was so hopelessly mundane."Calla almost choked. She might have wanted to say something to Hermione, but she certainly wouldn't have said that! And no teacher had ever spoken to Hermione like that, nor had Hermione ever spoken to a teacher like she had."Fine!" Hermione said, stuffing her copy of Unfogging the Future into her bag, nearly knocking into Calla in her haste. "I give up, then! I'm leaving!"Calla stared at her open mouthed. "What do you mean, you're leaving?"Hermione huffed and didn't even answer, just turned around and, to everyone's shock, kicked open the trapdoor and climbed down out of sight, slamming it behind her. Calla stared at her, partly shocked and partly angry and partly very concerned over what on Earth had just come over Hermione. She'd never liked Divination, Calla knew, from the first day she'd entered the classroom. She'd been waiting for something like this for ages, and everything had built up on her and now she'd just dismissed everything Calla or Trelawney thought and said all lesson and stormed out without another care. Regardless of Hermione's pressures it was hard not to feel offended about the whole situation."Ooh, Professor!" Lavender said, waving her hand in the air. Calla turned around and saw that Padma was just as shocked as her, Harry and Ron at Hermione's outburst. "I've just remembered, you saw this, didn't you? Remember, in the first class? Around Easter time of our number will leave us forever! You were right, Professor! You saw it ages ago!And indeed she had. Calla stared at Trelawney; of course it had come true. Not in the way everyone expected it to, but it had come true nonetheless. "Yes, my dear," Trelanwey was saying, wrapping her shawl around her, "I did indeed know Miss Granger would be leaving us. One hopes, however, that one might have mistaken the signs... The Inner Eye can be a burden at times."Calla knew that. But she was still reeling from Hermione's outburst, and what she'd interrupted, and everything. It was irrational, but all of a sudden it was like this anger she'd been trying to hide from was prickling all over her like a rash. Of course this was going to happen, she thought. Hermione had never liked Divination, she'd always thought it was nonsense. How many times had she dismissed Trelawney's predictions? How many times had she interrupted Calla's Seeing with her comments and tutting?They left soon after that and Calla found herself being the first to leave the room, still reeling and still upset even though she toldherelf she shouldn't be. She could hear Harry shouting after her but she didn't care. She fumbled for the map but then remembered she'd given it to Remus and let out a shriek of anger that had a younger Hufflepuff boy staring at her in fright, as she lurched off to the side and ran for the nearest passage, rushing down the stairs until she reached the bottom floor and spilled out onto the castle grounds.She didn't know what she wanted, exactly, but she wanted to be outside and feel cool air and soft ground. Before she knew what she was doing, she was running, towards the dark line of trees that marked the Forbidden Forest. She'd been about to run into it, unthinking and unseeing through stinging tears, when something stopped her; a great streak of black running in front of her.Calla shrieked, stumbling back and grabbing a tree trunk. It was not just a streak of black, but a dog. It let out a low growl and she sank against the tree, shuddering as her eyes took it in, really saw it. "You-" she started, lump in her throat "-You're the dog from Magnolia Crescent!"Remus had told her to stay away but she forgot that now. This dog wasn't going to hurt her; rather, it went towards her gently as a dog might walk to its owner, and nudged her elbow with its nose. It was oddly comforting. She stared at its eyes, wiping her own tears away from behind her glasses. "What... You're a dog! Why have you followed me?"The dog shook its head, and then licked nervously at her hand. She snatched it away, getting sharply to her feet and the dog took a few steps back, looking at her carefully. Like it was considering something. "I'm sorry," she said quietly. "You're a nice dog." The second she said it it sounded stupid. "Sorry, I - I shouldn't be out here, I'm just upset." The dog rubbed its head against her leg strangely, and she stared at it. "You're just a stray," she said, more to affirm it to herself. "A sweet stray, though." The dog made a strangely human sound like laughter. And then it held up its paw to her.Calla just stared at it. "What?"The dog nudged its paw closer and Calla hesitantly pressed her own hand to it, like a high-five. The dog barked cheerfully, and then like it was nothing, set its paw down and turned to run into the Forbidden Forest."Wait!" she found herself calling. "Come back!"She was just beginning to realise how alone she was out her. It was still cloudy, and the light was already beginning to dim, and she definitely wasn't meant to be so close to the Forbidden Forest. The dog, though... Something about it was definitely familiar and not just because she'd seen it in Magnolia Crescent, or, she supposed, that night out the window. No, it was something else, and it confused her. She wanted to follow the dog, but when she tried to step forwards realised how awful of an idea that would be. Again, she called, "Come back!"But the dog did not, and it was beginning to get cold. Calla picked up her bag and drew her robes tightly around herself, but as she took the bag, realised something on the ground. It was small and silver and looked like a bracelet. Frowning, she knelt down, and reached a hand to the bracelet. Surely someone had dropped it... Unless the dog... No. She shook her head. That was a stupid idea. But still.She picked up the bracelet, turning it over in her hand. There was a thin bar of silver on it, and when she turned it over, she saw a small inscription. Only two words, but they brought her heart to a stop and tears to her eyes.For Lily.She didn't really know how she'd gotten back up to the castle, but she had, and she was still clasping the bracelet when she went into the Ravenclaw dormitory, tired and confused and with so, so many questions. "Where did you go?" Padma asked her as she entered. "We were looking for you, is everything alright?""What happened to Hermione Granger?" Isobel asked, leaning forward. "She totally flipped in there!""Yeah," Calla said numbly. It didn't seem important anymore; she clutched the bracelet tightly. Reason told her it wasn't necessarily her mother's or from her father, but her heart told her that it was. It had to be. And her heart also told her that the dog, for whatever reason, had left it there for her. That that had been his intention. "I can't believe it."XxThough the Easter holidays soon came upon them, Calla didn't think that holiday was a particularly apt word to describe them. They'd all been given such a heavy workload that it felt like they were in classes anyway - and Lisa Turpin had worked out a studying schedule that almost exactly fitted their usual timetable - and what with that, her Occlumency and Seeing work, and trying to help Hagrid with Buckbeak's appeal, Calla barely had time for anything else.A few nights she and Harry had gone to visit Remus, and all of them had ended in some sort of studying. They worked on Boggarts and then through some of the harder aspects of the course, and through it all Calla kept quiet about the bracelet that she'd found - that she was sure that dog had left for her.But the second to last night of the holidays, Remus had a different idea. To work on their Patronuses. "I feel it's been rather neglected recently," he said. "And if the two of you are up for it-""We are!" Harry said enthusiastically before Calla could say another word about it. She frowned, but was hardly about to disagree, especially when Remus pulled out the wardrobe, already prepared."Who wants to go first?" he asked. "Calla? Are you alright, or?""No," she said quickly. "I'll - I'll go."She smiled and fiddled with her hair as she got up, already feeling terrified. What if she fainted again. What if she heard that voice again; that horrible, horrible voice. Even now it seemed to crawl over her skin. Haunting her."Remember," Remus told her, as Harry stepped towards the wardrobe. "It has to be a very strong memory. Have you got one?"She nodded; it was the only thing that she thought might possible work. As the wardrobe opened, though, and the Boggart came out, she began to worry. What if she couldn't? What if the same thing happened as had happened every time before, again and again and again? What if they had to give up on her? What if she couldn't?The Dementor came out with rattling breath and she shivered, freezing all of a sudden as she tried to look at it. She remembered the night after beating Tom Riddle, remembered how she'd still managed to fight him even when she felt that same hopelessness she did now, remembere dhow she win. She remembered her brother, and Ron and Padma and Daphne, and Hagrid and Hermione, and she remembered how everyone congratulated her. How everyone had said, "Well done." Like she'd earned it, like she'd done something. She had to remind herself that she had.Calla tightened her grip on her wand, and concentrated as hard as she could on her friends' faces, on Hagrid, on relief and the feeling of victory, the reminder that no, she wasn't weak or hopeless. That she could fight, and she could win. "Expecto patronum!"Silver shot out of the wand and Calla gasped, staring after it. It wasn't only a shield, but more silver wishing off the end, forming a misty haze of magic, dancing in the air around her. It didn't have a form, not that she could see, but she jabbed her wand at the Dementor, wishing with everything she had that it would go, and her magic obeyed. Silver rushed at the grey of the Dementor and with a gasp, Calla saw it pushed back into the wardrobe. Remus shut the doors with a slam, and then turned to her, wide-eyed.There was a few seconds of relieved silence before Harry said, beaming, "Calla, that was so good!""You - you think so?" she asked, blinking, and he nodded."Yeah! It took me ages to get it like that, didn't it, Remus?"Remus nodded, beaming at Calla. "That was a very good shield Patronus, Calla.""You think so?"He nodded again, looking proud enough that it made Calla want to cry. "You did wonderfully; how did you control it? I saw you... Push the Patronus towards the Dementors.""I don't know," Calla said blinking. "I just, really, really wanted the Dementor to go away and my magic made it go away." She looked between Remus and Harry. "Was that not what I was meant to do?""No, no, it was! It was excellent, Calla, just unexpected." When she rose her eyebrows, he added hastily, "Most can't gain that control over a Patronus until it takes on a corporeal form. To be able to move it, is very well done."Calla felt her cheeks heat as she blushed with pride. She had done it; she had actually done it. Harry beamed, wrapping her in a very tight hug. "You did it!" he said. "Now even if the Dementors do come to the last match, we'll both be alright!"As it happened, the final Quidditch match of the season, Gryffindor against Slytherin, fell not long after that, on the last Saturday after the Easter holidays. Slytherin were leading the tournament by two hundred points - Michael and Mandy had a bet going, with Michael arguing Slytherin would win because of their consistent performance and lead so far, and Mandy arguing that Gryffindor wanted it more and had more of a fight to bring to the match. Calla just hoped, very very much, that Gryffindor would win. She couldn't bear to hear Malfoy's gloating."You know," Daphne had said to her the night before, when everyone was on edge and nervous, "Draco won't shut up about this match.""Neither will anyone else."She paused before she said, "I know he's been an arsehole this year. Theo and Blaise are nicer but they still don't stand up to him, not really. None of us do." Daphne shook her blonde head. "But he's gone too far. With Buckbeak and the way he's spoken to you and Harry, and now everything with the match. Pansy, too.""And?" Padma had said from Daphne's other side."And I just want to say that they're wrong. And I'm sticking by you." Calla had blinked at her and then smiled. "Just so there's no... Doubt. Because they've been awful this year and I-"Calla wouldn't let her say anything more; she hugged her tightly, and after a moment Padma did the same.XxIn the morning, everyone went down to breakfast early to wait on the Quidditch teams entering. It would be a decisive match for the tournament; if Gryffindor won by over two hundred points, they would win, and if they didn't, then Slytherin had the cup. Calla felt like she could barely eat, her eyes going to the Great Hall doors every time someone came through.Everyone had been so nervous the whole run-up to the game, and that nervous energy was still tangible at breakfast. She kept a tight hold on the banner she'd drawn, with a massive scarlet and gold lion in the middle, and the words "GO GRYFFINDOR" at the top in bright red bubble writing."You do have to eat, you know, Calla," said Padma, gesturing to her untouched toast, which had now gone cold.She shook her head, taking a ginger bite, eyes still trained on the doors. There was a loud commotion from outside and she sat up straighter, peering around as the Gryffindor team, decked in scarlet, entered the Great Hall. An enormous applause went up, and Calla joined in the clapping with enthusiasm, catching Harry's eye and beaming at him. "Good luck!" she mouthed, and he nodded. He was incredibly nervous, Calla could tell that, but no one seemed to be more nervous than Oliver Wood, the Gryffindor Captain, who spent the next twenty minutes running up and down the table talking to his teammates and pacing."I'll just be a minute," Calla said, getting up quickly and striding over to Harry, who was picking at a roll."Don't interfere with my team," Oliver said to her nervously, and she shook her head, slipping between Harry and Hermione."Hey," she said to him. "Good luck for today. You're going to be great.""I'm not so sure," he admitted. "I-""Trust me," Calla told him, with a quick, tight hug. "If you fly like I know you can, you'll do brilliant.""Right, team!" Wood announced. "We should get down to the pitch early, check out the conditions."Harry looked at Calla, and she nodded. "Go. You'll be great!" She huffed him tightly again, and then he stood up with the rest of the team to tremendous applause, as they left for the match."I'll see you at the match," Calla said to Ron and Hermione, and went back to the Ravenclaw table, where Mandy was looking even more nervous than some of the Gryffindors."You better have told your brother to win the tournament for Gryffindor," Mandy said. "There's no way I'm losing this bet to Michael, right?"Calla grinned. "Don't worry. Harry's going to win. I'm sure of it."When at last it came time for the rest of the school to go to the pitch, everyone seemed on edge. Calla saw Crabbe trip up a first year Gryffindor, who she and Padma managed to catch just in time to stop her falling into the mud. They both glared at Crabbe, forming a little barrier around the girl, who smiled at them gratefully.The girl found her friends just as they reached the stands, and Calla looked around to try and spot Ron and Hermione anywhere. "I can't see them," she said anxiously to Daphne, who was also peering worriedly over the heads of the crowd. "Can you?"Daphne shook her head, but then pointed. "Over there! Hermione! Ron!"They both turned, spotting them, and pushed through the crowd. Hermione grabbed Calla's hand and she pulled her through, with Ron following. "Here," said Hermione, shoving a banner into Padma's hands. "You can help us to hold this.""I've got one too," Calla said, showing Hermione the banner that was currently sticking out of her bag."Excellent," said Ron. "We'll hold them up together."When they pushed into the stands, they were full of people wearing scarlet and gold scarves and hats and gloves and robes, even most of the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaws. Michael had been going to wear green for Slytherin, until Lisa told him off, and he begrudgingly wore a red hat, despite the bet he'd made with Mandy.While the Slytherin end was a sea of green, the stands were swamped in scarlet. Calla grinned at the sight as she and her friends all settled in to a little pocket of space."And here are the Gryffindors!" came Lee Jordan's voice from the commentary box, and Calla stood on her tiptoes to try and spot her brother jogging out onto the pitch. "Potter, Bell, Johnson, Spinnet, Weasley, Weasley, and Wood! Widely acknowledged as the best side Hogwarts has seen in a good few years-" His next words were frowned by boos from the Slytherin end, but in the Gryffindor stands there was a riot of cheers and applause right back."And here comes the Slytherin team, led by Marcus Flint. He's made some changes in the line-up and seems to be going for size rather than skill..." There were more boos from the Slytherin end, which Calla felt like might be a tad more justified; but even so he might have had a point. The team were all large in build, except Malfoy, the Seeker.Calla didn't hear Madam Hooch tell the two teams to shake hands, but she watched Wood and Flint do so anyway. They did it very angressuvdly, too, like they were both trying to break one another's fingers."Mount your brooms!" came the call from Madam Hooch, and the crowd went wild, drowning out the sound of her whistle."Come on, Harry!" Calla screamed, voice lost amongst everyone else's as fourteen players rose into the air. She kept her eyes on her brother and beamed as he flew around the pitch to wild applause."And It's Gryffindor in possession!" Lee Jordan was yelling. "Alicia Spinnet of Gryffindor with the Quaffle, heading straight for the Slytherin goalposts, looking good, Alicia!" Calla groaned as the Quaffle was intercepted by a Slytherin Chaser - "Warrington," Lee called him - and then she cheered as he was slammed into by a Bludger that George had hit.Angelina Johnson caught it and sped back along the pitch, swerving away from Montague, and dodging a Bludger, and then flinging the Quaffle nearly into the goals. "Yes!" Ron yelled, jumping up and down as the crowd went absolutely wild. "Come on!"There was a gasp, then, as Angelina was slammed into by Marcus Flint, who was then promptly hit in the head by Fred's Beater's club, sending him smashing into his broom handle. The crowd simmered as Hooch called for two penalties, one for each side, and Calla grasped Hermione and Daphne's hands tightly.They all watched anxiously on sudden silence as Alicia Spinnet took the Quaffle, headed for the goalposts, and hurled it as hard as she could into the hoops. The Keeper missed by inches, but he missed, and the crowd went wild. "Come on, Spinnet!" Mandy was shrieking. "Come on!"It was Flint who took the next penalty for Slytherin, and again everyone went quiet, holding one another and waiting. "Course," Lee Jordan was saying, "Wood's a superb Keeper! Superb! Very difficult to pass, very difficult - AND YES! I DON'T BELIEVE IT! HE'S SAVED IT!""Yes!" Hermione screamed, tightening her grip on Calla's hand and holding it so hard Calla thought her fingers might snap in half.The match resumed with fervour; possession switched from Gryffindor to Slytherin and back to Gryffindor again, as Katie Bell sped up the pitch, holding the Quaffle tightly under her arm - one of the Slytherin Chasers swerved in front of Katie and grabbed for her head. Calla yelled as Katie rolled over in the air, managing to get away but dropping the Quaffle in the process."Foul!" Ron was yelling, face going bright red. "That was a foul, a bloody foul! Dirty rotten bastard!"On the pitch, Hooch seemed to be yellin at Montague, and a moment later Katie was taking another penalty. Everyone watched on nervously as she threw it, soaring past the Slytherin Keeper."THIRTY-ZERO!" Lee Jordan screamed from his commentator's box. "TAKE THAT, YOU DIRTY, CHEATING-""Jordan, if you can't commentate in an unbiased way-""Just telling it how it is, Professor!""He's bloody right!" Isobel was yelling. "That was rotten!""Harry!" Calla shouted, suddenly noticing him flying sharply towards the Slytherin end of the pitch. "Harry! He's seen the Snitch, has he?"Malfoy clearly thought so, racing after him. Then Calla saw Derrick swing his bat and yelled out, though it was lost in the crowd; a Bludger narrowly missed Harry's head and Calla screamed. "Harry!" Another one came from Bole, and she was sure this time that it hit his elbow. The two Slytherin Beaters went rushing after him, clubs held up and Calla yelled. "Harry! Harry!"At the last second, Harry turned his broom and sped upwards, leaving the Beaters to collide on the pitch. "Too bad boys!" Lee was shouting. "You'll have to do better than that to beat a Firebolt! And it's Gryffindor in possession again, as Johnson takes the Quaffle - Flint alongside her, poke him in the eye, Angelina - it was a joke, Professor, it was a joke - oh, no - Flint in possession, Flint flying towards the Gryffindor goalposts, come on now, Wood, save-""No!" Ron bellowed, as the Quaffle sailed past Wood and cheers erupted from the Slytherin end. Lee Jordan swore so loudly and so strongly that McGonagall had to take the microphone from him, but it didn't make much difference seeing as how the Gryffindor end all reacted in much the same way.The match only got rougher from there; Bole hit Alicia Spinnet with his club and, from the sounds of it, tried to claim that he thought she was a Bludger, George tried to elbow Bole in the face in response, and both times were given penalties by Hooch. To Calla's utmost relief, Wood saved the Slytherin penalty, and Angelina managed to get hers past the Keeper, taking the score up to forty to ten. Harry had told her that, to win, he had to only catch the Snitch if Gryffindor was up by over fifty points - three more goals and they would be.There was a rush of sound and excitement as Katie Bell made another goal, and Fred and George swooped over to her, clubs lifted ready for defense. Everyone was cheering, but a moment later Bole and Derrick had aimed both of the Bludgers at Oliver Wood, and they both caught him in the stomach, winding him. "That's a bloody foul!" both Ron and Isobel were yelling. "That's a foul!"Madam Hooch was absolutely beside herself as she shrieked at the Beaters, awarding Gryffindor another penalty. Angelina scored and Ron went absolutely wild with cheering. Warrington took the Quaffle but a second later Fred had pelted a Bludger at him, causing him to drop the ball. Alicia Spinnet caught it and flung it into the goal.Seventy to ten."Come on!" Calla found herself screaming. "Come on, Harry!" They were sixty points in the lead now, and if Harry caught the Snitch, they'd have won the match - and the cup.Calla's attentions were on her brother now, watching as he circled high above the pitch, Malfoy on his tail. She gasped with everyone else when he sped up, heading upwards to the Snitch. "Come on, Harry!" Hermione screamed.But just as Harry reached out his hand to the Snitch, Malfoy reached his out to catch the tail of Harry's broom. "Foul bastard!" Ron yelled, and Isobel yelled something that would have definitely gotten her a year of detention if anyone heard her or cared much."YOU CHEATING SCUM!" Lee yelled into his megaphone, holding it out of McGonagall's reach. "YOU FILTHY CHEATING BASTARD!"McGonagall, too, looked furious, shaking her fist violently in Malfoy's direction, her hat falling off as she yelled. Even when Alicia took the penalty for Gryffindor, she was clearly furious, and missed by a good few feet. Ron groaned loudly.The team had been thrown off their game, that much was clear. Possession went to Warrington, then to Montague, and he scored to an onslaught of Slytherin cheering. Seventy to twenty.Angelina Johnson took the Quaffle, streaking towards the goal, but every single Slytherin player except Malfoy was also flying towards her, determined to stop her. "No!" Calla yelled, but just then Harry seemed to come out of nowhere, flying straight for the Slytherins. They all scattered, leaving Angelina's route to the goalposts clear. "SHE SCORES!" shrieked Lee. "SHE SCORES! GRYFFINDOR LEAD EIGHTY TO TWENTY!""Come on!" Calla screamed, and Daphne jumped up and down beside her, holding her arm tightly. Calla's eyes swivelled around, trying to spot Harry, and saw him, diving down towards Malfoy, who was looking triumphant. The Snitch. "Look!" she screamed, pointing, watching as Harry put on speed, racing down to the Snitch faster than she'd ever seen anyone fly before.Harry threw himself forwards and shoved Malfoy out of the way, leavin his way clear to the Snitch. Calla yelled loudly as she realised what was happening, as her brother reached out and his hand wrapped around the golden Snitch. The crowd positively exploded, everyone clutching one another, Ron screaming and swearing himself hoarse, Hermione dancing around, Daphne and Padma holding her so hard she was sure she herself would soon explode. The team swooped down to Harry and caught him in a heap and Calla found herself running down with everyone else into the pitch, the crowd swamping over the grass, and hoisting the team on their shoulders.She beamed as she caught Harry's arm and yelled her congratulations, jumping up and down with excitement, while everyone around her completely lost their senses. Hagrid was crying and yelling praise, McGonagall was weeping, Percy was jumping up and down maniacally like he'd completely forgotten the meaning of dignity. The crowd propelled Harry onwards towards Dumbledore and the cup with the rest of the team and it was all Calla and the others could do to beam and cheer as he was passed the cup by Wood and, beaming, lifted it proudly into the air.Happy Friday!

The whole school seemed abuzz with excitement for the next week or so, and the Gryffindors - especially Harry - were still euphoric following their Quidditch victory. Even the weather seemed to be celebrating, as it stayed warm and sunny, and even Calla's tiring nights in the North Tower with Trelawney didn't seem so awful when the world outside was so lovely. Even her visions were more positive in nature - despite Hermione's prickling dismissals of them - and as the world turned towards the month of June and warmed, Calla's mood couldn't help but improve greatly. Hermione and Ron seemed determined to stay friends this time without falling out again, which was nice, even if Calla couldn't quite bring herself to forget the way Hermione had been so dismissive of Trelawney, walking out like that, and everything she'd said about Divination. But still, she kept telling herself, it wasn't like Hermione knew the whole truth about Calla's vision, and she didn't want to cause any rupture among her friends and her brother. The weather was too nice for her to feel like complaining, and she spent some lovely afternoons outside in the sun with her friends, whether playing ground Quidditch or simply chatting and enjoying each other's company.Even so, no one could slack off. Exams were approaching them quickly, and the Ravenclaw Common Room became very suddenly nervous around the Easter holidays, everyone buzzing about and frantically searching for notes and scrap bits of paper they'd left lying, and arguing over books. Penelope Clearwater, who was doing her N.E.W.T.s, snapped at anyone who so much as went near her copy of Advanced Arithmancy, while Lisa seemed somehow even more stressed and insisted on making study timetables for everyone.Calla had decided that Divination wouldn't be a study priority, as it wasn't really something one could study for, which at least lightened her workload a little (Hermione also, she had noted with a tinge of bitterness, had failed to remember to include it in the study schedule she'd mocked up for them all, though it wasn't like any of them really stuck to it anyway, any more than Calla stuck to Lisa's). Ancient Runes, however, as she began to realise, was a mess. She had eleven different charts which all seemed to conflict with one another, and she couldn't find her last one on Younger Runic Numerology, and had to borrow Daphne's, which was even more of a mess than her own. "And you say my handwriting's bad?" she muttered, frowning over it in their dormitory (both the Common Room and the library had become too stressful for anyone to study in). "What's that even supposed to be? A chicken?"Daphne snatched the chart back. "It's a yeti."Isobel leaned over to look. "It does look quite like a chicken, though, Daphne.""Will you three be quiet?" Lisa hissed from her bed. "I'm concentrating!"Daphne pulled a face and Padma raised her eyebrows at them, shaking her head slowly. Calla huffed and slumped down on her bed, shoving her head into her pillow. "This'll never all stick," she muttered."It will," Padma assured her mildly. "You know you've got it, you're just stressing for the sake of stressing."Calla sighed and turned her head to glare at Padma. "Ugh. I can't.""Yeah you can," said Isobel, huffing. "Stop stressing.""I can't just stop stressing!" Calla replied, feeling slightly like she was about to explode something. She huffed and turned over, staring up at the ceiling. Matilda crept quietly up to sit on her chest."Then can you stress a little quieter?" Lisa muttered, glaring at her across the room.Calla stuck her tongue out immaturely and wrapped her arms around Matilda, sighing. Just then, there was a pecking sound from the window and a moment later Moony flew in, squawking loudly and depositing a small note on the end of Calla's bed. "And get that owl out of here!" Lisa whined, tossing her book down. It slammed on the floor and Moony hissed, swooping out the window."You don't have to be rude," Calla muttered, taking the note. "It's from Hagrid," she said to Daphne. "The appeal's been set for the sixth.""That's the day before the last exam, isn't it?" Padma asked, and Calla nodded. "Then we can speak to Hagrid after the exam anyway, since it's Care Of Magical Creatures.""They're coming here to do it," Calla said slowly, still reading. "They're bringing the Minister of Magic and-" She gasped, hardly believing it. She didn't want to believe it. "And an executioner."Even Lisa had looked up at that. "They've already decided, then?" asked Isobel."They can't!" Daphne said. "They've got to hear what we have to say! If they bring an executioner...""Then that means they've already made up their minds," Padma said quietly."But we've all done so much!" Daphne said. "They can't just ignore that!"But Calla was sure that they would, and that Lucius Malfoy had played a part in this. Over the next few days, Malfoy had been walking around with a considerable new swagger, which was getting on everyone's nerves. "I think I hate him," Padma announced, glaring at Malfoy across the Great Hall. "You know, I really, really think I do."With exam week came an unusual hush, as everyone in the castle prepared and tried not to explode from the stress of their exams. The Ravenclaws' first exam happened to be Potions, which Calla thought was at least over and done with. Snape had them brew Shrinking Solutions, and though Calla was very concerned about how long it took to go clear, by the end she figured she had something presentable, and she knew her essays had been better, and would hopefully help her to get a good mark.Everyone came out complaining, naturally. "I'm glad that's over," Zach said, catching Calla's arm. "Did you see Snape look at my Potion? I think he thought it was sludge."Calla giggled. "I'm sure you've done fine. He looks at everything like that, doesn't he?""Suppose," Zach laughed as they all headed up to lunch. "I've got History next though, after lunch." He shook his head. "Disgusting.""We've got Charms," Calla replied, shooting Zach a sympathetic smile. He made a mock disgusted sound. "I'm sure I'll do terrible.""Nah," Zach told her, shaking his head as they parted ways at the entrance to the Great Hall. Calla flushed at his next words, even though she would vehemently deny it later. "You won't."Flitwick, as Calla had thought he might, tested them on Cheering Charms at the beginning of the exam, which set everyone in good moods for the rest of their tasks, which were considerably more tricky. The others involved Banishing Charms, which made the exam take an interesting turn when Mandy sent a table flying past Isobel and slamming straight into the wall behind her. Calla's Banishing Charm hadn't gone great - the table had given a feeble sort of wobble and then scooted back a couple of inches - but the Counter-Spell she had to perform at the end was considerably better, and she thought that might have saved her marks. Flitwick smiled at her as she left, but she knew she couldn't relax now. After dinner, the Ravenclaws all went straight back to their tower to revise for their next exams, which were, for Calla, Ancient Runes, Transfiguration and Astronomy.She was very grateful in Ancient Runes for the way the questions had swung; she was fairly confident about everything, except one question on the usage of the Younger Anglo-Saxon runes feoh and gyfu in festivals and business, which she wasn't entirely certain how to tackle. Other than that, though, she was quite pleased, and in Transfiguration after lunch she also managed to give her teapot a lovely green tortoise shell, even if it did have a spout instead of a face. Half a spell was better than none, she supposed, listening irritably to Hermione bemoan the fact that her tortoise wasn't quite the correct colour.After those exams, they all had quick and nervous dinners, and Calla went to chat to Harry before the Astronomy exam the whole year was due to undertake that night. "I've definitely failed Potions," he told her grumpily. "When do you have Care of Magical Creatures? Hagrid's feeling awful.""Not until Friday," she said. "It's the last exam, I think it's the same time as the Muggle Studies one for Gryffindor." Harry sighed. "I wish I could speak to him before the appeal.""We'll go and see him on Thursday," Harry said. "After Divination, yeah?"Calla nodded, before Daphne and Padma called her away to go over star charts with them.Astronomy went quite alright, and in History of Magic on the Wednesday morning, Calla was quite certain she'd passed, having written a very lengthy essay on medieval witch-hunts, which was one of the topics she'd always been most interested in during that class. Then, as Harry and the rest of Gryffindor went off to their Herbology exam with the Hufflepuffs in the afternoon, Ravenclaw and Slytherin both went to their Defense Against the Dark Arts exam.Remus' exam was very unusual, that was for certain. It was an obstacle course held outside in the sunlight, and they all had to go in one by one.Calla was one of the first in, and though Remus gave her an encouraging smile, she felt awfully nervous as she headed first across a deep paddling pool containing a Grindylow, which she fended off as quickly as she could before skipping across a load of potholes with red caps in them. One of them grabbed her leg and she shrieked, but managed to kick it off, flying back into its hole.After that was a large patch of marsh, in which a Hinkypunk greeted her. "If you go left you will find yourself on solid ground," it said, except Calla knew for a fact that if she went left she would fall down a steep hill onto stones. So she went right instead, and carried on dodging the Hinkypunk's instructions until she managed to cross, coming to a trunk that was left open.She had to go inside it, but from the rattling inside she had a horrible feeling that she already knew what was inside it. It was too late not to go in, though, she knew. With a very tight grip on her wand, Calla climbed inside the rattling trunk and closed the lid.There was a crack as the Boggart turned in front of her, and the figure of Tom Riddle crept from the trunk's shadows. It had the same effect as always, taking Calla's breath and warmth away. She stared at it, stepping back until she was right at the edge of the trunk. The Boggart just kept coming closer though, and she could feel the hammer of her heart growing weaker and her head growing fainter. She shivered in the unexpected cold, feeling her strength drain from her.But she kept a grip on her wand. She tried to imagine Tom Riddle as anything less terrifying, but nothing would come to her. "Stop!" she shouted, as the Boggart advanced.And then its breath began to rattle, and a voice spoke. "Mine," the Boggart said, and Calla gasped, feeling the warmth drain from her. Nausea rose in her throat. "I will take what I want. Step aside, silly girl. You cannot stop me.""Go away!" she shouted at it, holding out her wand. What was funny, what could stop this? She wished it would simply stop, leave her alone. That voice echoed in her head and she sobbed violently, choking on it. She had to think of something, and fast. The Boggart was getting closer and its words were growing louder.She thought of victory, then. Of defeating Tom Riddle that night, of winning and not being homeless, or weak. She aimed her wand at it. She had to try. "Riddikulus!" The Boggart faltered but did not stop. She imagined Tom Riddle small and as weak as she felt, imagined him cold and hopeless, and she imagined him sick at the sight of her life and her victory. "Riddikulus!"The Boggart shrank down. She stared at it as it changed, as it faded, and as it stepped back, away from her. She wasn't going to take another chance.Calla flung herself back out of the trunk, still shaking, but alright. Remus looked at her and grinned as she came out. "Congratulations," he said to her, making a note. "You've done very well."She flushed with pride and went to join Sue and Terry, who had already passed the course. "Well done," Sue said, hugging her. "I thought I was going to faint with the Boggart."Calla laughed weakly. "Yeah. Well, looks like we didn't." Terry grinned at her, and it made her grin too.They waited on the grass for the rest of their class to finish, and Calla felt rather vindicated when she saw Draco Malfoy running out of the Boggart trunk, red in the face and complaining. He caught her laughing and glared. "Just you wait, Potter," he spat. "You won't be laughing tomorrow night.""Shut up," she spat back, surprising herself. Remus glanced over worriedly but had to turn back to his clipboard a moment later. "Malfoy, you don't like me and you know what, fine. But you're seriously messed up if you're taking pleasure in a Hippogriff's death. It isn't funny!" she added, at the look on his face. "It's horrible! And you - you're sick if you really think this is okay!"Malfoy muttered something under his breath and slunk away towards Parkinson and Crabbe, and Calla didn't speak to him again.On Thursday morning, they went down to Herbology, potting and caring for various plants. Calla was sure she'd done alright, and at least none of her plants had wilted in the middle of the exam, as had happened to Mandy. "I don't know what happened," she kept saying as they went up to lunch. "I didn't even do anything wrong!""Yeah, your plant just died for no reason," Isobel said, and Lisa laughed."I'm sure you've done alright," Sue assured Mandy. "I just can't wait for everything to be over."Calla's second to last exam was Divination that afternoon; she, Padma, Isobel, Terry and Michael wished the others good luck for Muggle Studies and headed nervously up the stairs to North Tower. People were already sitting on the floor, trying to cram in bits and pieces of revision, and Calla sighed as she leaned against the wall. Parvati and Lavender were both whispering to each other very nervously."She wants to see us all separately," Neville told them, as Harry and Ron also came up the stairs. "Have any of you seen anything in a crystal ball?""Calla has," Padma said. "But I don't think anyone else has. Except Parvati, apparently." She glared along at her sister, who was talking hushedly to Lavender.The queue outside the classroom went down very slowly, and each person who came out refused to tell them anything about what Trelawney had asked or what thy had seen. Calla was beginning to get nervous; maybe she should have tried revising more for this exam, but as long as she used the same methods as usual for Divination, she'd hoped that she'd be fine.Neville came down the ladder very nervously. "She says," he squeaked, "that, if I tell you anything, I'll - I'll have a terrible accident!""That's convenient," snorted Ron. "You know, I'm beginning to think that Hermione was right about her." Calla narrowed her eyes. "She's a right old fraudster.""She is not," Calla said hotly. "You just don't believe in the Sight!""Yeah, I don't," Ron shrugged. "I can't see hardly anything right, anyway. Easy for you to believe in it."Calla frowned, and waited impatiently for her turn to go and see Trelawney. Parvati came down the ladder positively glowing, and told Padma that she'd been told she had, "All the makings of a true Seer!" before hurrying down the stairs to Lavender.It was just Padma, Ron, Calla and Harry who were left now, and a misty voice called down, "Padma Patil."Padma groaned. "Wish me luck," she muttered, before hurrying up into the classroom.Calla sat down next to Harry, picking nervously at her fingernails. "You'll be fine," Harry told her."Yeah," she said absently. "I just... Don't have a very good feeling.""Just nerves," Ron said, as Padma came down the stairs, lips pursed."Apparently I need to be more open-minded," she muttered. "Parvati seems to have gotten all the Sight, I could hardly seen anything!" She shook her head. "Want me to wait on you?"Calla shook her head as Ron was called into Trelawney's classroom. "You go on, I'll meet you in the dormitory."Padma nodded and disappeared down the stairs. Calla was now feeling slightly sick; she hated waiting. It was a long twenty minutes before Ron came down the ladder, and Harry and Calla both stood up. "How'd it go?" Harry asked him."Rubbish," Ron replied. "Couldn't see a thing, so I just made it up. Don't think she was convinced, though...""Calla Potter!" called Trelawney's voice.Harry gave her a nervous smile as she headed up the ladder, entering the room. It was boiling hot, and the smoke was very thick and heavy. She coughed a little as she went to the table where Trelawney sat behind a crystal ball. "Good day, my dear," she said gently. "If you would kindly gaze into the orb, now... Take your time... Then tell me what you see... Within its depths."Calla looked down, willing the fog to clear. It did so slowly, dissipating and curling around the edges of the glass. Some images came to the fore... Some old and some new."I see a wolf," she said quietly, and Trelawney nodded."The full moon!" she said. "Perhaps you are foreseeing the appearance of a werewolf."Calla smiled nervously, and continued. "And there's a - an axe, swinging, and the crows." Her heart picked up. There was something there, something sinister. "A sand hourglass, the sand's running too quickly, like it's running out of time. And the forest, it's... The trees look like they're moving, Professor." Trelawney was scribbling furiously on her parchment. "And there's a lake, and a face... I can see the moon... And this looks like an eagle, but I'm not sure if it's... real, it looks strange. And there's a stag, over there, it's moving through the trees.""Luck in time of peril," Trelawney muttered. "Anything else?""I can see... A black dog. And a face." Her stomach dropped. "It looks like - like Sirius Black, Professor."Trelawney dropped her quill, and horror dawned over Calla. "I can see something... A mass of darkness...""Dementors?" asked Trelawney, and Calla shook her head."I - I'm not sure, Professor. Maybe, but, this is different." It felt different. The nauseous feeling was back, and she knew something was wrong. "There's a hand, it's all grey and - and the nails are broken, it's reaching to me.""The dying hand again," Trelawney murmured. "My dear..."She was about to excuse herself, feeling like she was about to be sick, when she knocked the glass. Another shape raced through the crystal ball. "Fire," she said to Trelawney. "I can see fire."Another vision pressed in on her. This was new. She was in a forest, a very different one than she'd known before. On the ground lay a broken, skeletal form. It might have been human, once, but it rocked back and forth and it was so gone, so diminished, raw to the bone and covered in blood. It lay on the grass, the blood brown and old and Calla reached out a hand.A rat scurried past, and she felt its rough fur brush against her. She shivered, withdrawing, but then she looked at the broken form on the ground and felt something wrong. Fear shot through her veins as her heart plummeted.The rat was a man, now, silhouetted against a green light. "You shall rise, my Lord," he said. "To greater heights than ever before. You shall rise and you shall take what is yours."And then the man turned. The little broken skeleton looked at her, the bones of its hand shaking, and pointed to her. Calla looked right into its eyes and pain seared across her scar, pain like she'd never known before. She felt herself falling, reaching for a hand that wasn't there.She hit her head off the table and fell onto the floor, dazed and confused. Her heart hammered and she couldn't bring herself to speak, only move her mouth, with no words coming out.Trelawney looked at her most curiously, and reached out a hand. Calla didn't take it. She stood up on her own and stared at the professor, still mute from horror and fear. "My dear, are you quite well?"She found herself nodding even though she only wanted to say, "No."Trelawney frowned. "I sense you may not be." Calla didn't say anything, just clutched the desk tighter. "Very well. If that is all, you may go. No doubt your Inner Eye is tired. Good luck for your exam tomorrow, Miss Potter, should you attend it."Calla gave her a hasty smile as she got up. Trelawney called Harry in and she hurried past him, bag swinging. "How did it-" he began, but she pushed past, shaking her head.She ran back to Ravenclaw Tower as fast as she could, heart still hammering in her chest. Bile rose in her throat and she clutched at the wall, coughing. She had to keep going, she told herself. She would be fine if she could get some water and sit down.Something brushed against her. Calla looked down to see Matilda, her tail moving back and forth against Calla's ankles in an oddly comforting way. "Keep walking," she seemed to be saying, so Calla did.She kept walking all the way until Ravenclaw Tower, where Luna Lovegood hovered at the door. "Oh, hello, Calla Potter." She blinked. "Are you quite alright? You haven't been hurt by an Arlump, have you?"Calla shook her head; she had no idea what an Arlump was. "Well, you do look quite pale. Perhaps you had better sit down. The door wants to know where the Earth ends."Calla thought for a moment. "It ends where it ends," she said. "Or when the sun dies and it has nothing pulling it down anymore."The door swung open. "That was an interesting answer," said Luna, and she skipped inside without another word. Calla went through numbly, making her way up to the dormitory.Daphne and Padma were both already inside, both huddled on Daphne's bed. When Calla entered, they looked up and without warning, Daphne leapt to her feet and almost knocked Calla over in a hug."Oh, Calla, It's horrible!" she cried. "Hagrid just lost the appeal, he sent a note! Buckbeak's going to be executed at sunset!""What?" Calla asked, finding her voice. "But - but they can't! We have to go down, we have to stop it!"Hagrid said not to come down," Padma said in a sorrowful voice. "And there's nothing we can do.""But there has to be!" Calla said. Because she'd seen that axe, had seen Buckbeak and - and she needed to know that she could stop it. So she might stop what else she'd seen. "There has to be a way!""We'll be seen for certain," Daphne said, but Calla shook her head."No. No, I know every passage in this school and - and Harry has the cloak! He'll go, he must, I'll go down with him. We have to do something!""We can't," Padma said, sniffling. She curled her knees up to her chest. "We'll see him tomorrow, in the exam. Though I don't know how we can possibly sit it."Though the others wouldn't, Calla had to go. At dinner she went over to Harry and the others and told them she was going to see Hagrid, and she needed the cloak, and it turned out they'd been going to do the same. After dinner she waited for them outside the Great Hall, anxiously tearing at her fingernails, before the other three came out."Come on," Harry's voice said, and they skulked into an empty chamber off of the Entrance Hall. "We'll wait until everyone else's gone."Hermione was on lookout on the Entrance Hall, watching and listening as footsteps passed them by. "Are you alright?" Harry asked Calla quietly."Yeah, I'm fine," she said, looking determinedly at Hermione. "Why wouldn't I be?""You looked upset after the exam." He paused a moment while she remained silent. "What did you see?""I don't know," she whispered back. "Don't make me talk about it right now. I really don't want to.""Listen," Harry said quietly. "At the end of my exam, Trelawney said something. I think she-""All clear," said Hermione, glancing back at them, and Harry pulled the cloak out, with a grudging look at Calla. Ron was looking between them very confusedly. She knew she'd have to explain everything eventually. But for now, she really didn't like she could bring herself to do it, and though she felt bad thinking it, she wasn't really sure she wanted to. "Cloak on."They all huddled under the cloak, which was becoming rather difficult. They all kept growing now, and had to take extra care not to let any part of them show as they shuffled their way out of the castle. The lights were on in Hagrid's hut, and Calla took in a deep breath as they approached. She knew that he'd surely be devastated.Hermione knocked on the door and barely a minute later it swung open. Hagrid was standing in the doorway, pale faced, trembling and looking like he was about to cry as he stared around."Hagrid," Calla whispered. "It's us. Can we come in?""Yeh shouldn' 'ave come!" Hagrid said, but he let them in anyway."We couldn't leave you on your own," Calla told him as she ducked out from underneath the cloak and went to hug Hagrid as tight as she could. He was shaking."Wan' some tea?" he asked weakly, hands trembling as he reached for the kettle."I'll get it," Calla said gently, taking the heavy kettle from him. She was sure he'd drop it, or hurt himself, and that was the last thing they needed. Hermione hurried to her side to help."Where's Buckbeak, Hagrid?" asked Hermione."I - I took 'im out back," Hagrid said, spilling a jug of milk over the table. "Though' 'e oughtta see the trees an' - an' smell the fresh air one las' time, 'fore he-"His hand slipped over the milk jug and it went crashing to the ground, shattering. Calla sent the kettle down anxiously, but Hermione rushed over, looking fretful. "I'll sort it, Hagrid," she said quickly."There's another one in the cupboard," Hagrid said, as Calla went over to guide him to sit down."Isn't there anything anyone can do, Hagrid?" Harry asked fiercely, sitting beside him. "What about Dumbledore?""He's tried," Hagrid said wearily, and Calla's heart sank. "But he's got no power ter overrule the Committee. He told 'em Buckbeak's all right, but they're scared... Yeh know what Lucius Malfoy's like... threatened 'em, I expect... an' the executioner, Macnair, he's an old pal o' Malfoy's... but it'll be quick an' clean... an' I'll be beside him..." Hagrid buried his face in a massive handkerchief for a moment, before resurfacing and gulping loudly. "Dumbledore says he'll come down ter see me... Wants teh be with me when it happens... Great man, Dumbledore," he mumbled tearily. "Great man."Hermione let out a small, quickly stifled sob from where she was rummaging in the cupboard. Calla returned to the kettle, and Hermione straightened up. "We'll stay with you," she said adamantly. "You should have friends with you.""Yeh're to go back up ter the castle," Hagrid said firmly. "It ain't safe out 'ere still, an' I told yeh I don' wan' yeh watchin'. An' if Fudge an' Dumbledore catch the two of yeh out here, Calla, Harry... Yeh'll get in loads of trouble."The kettle had boiled. Calla picked it up, swallowing back the tears that threatened to fall, and looked for the teabags. She passed Hermione, who was sorting the milk, and was almost knocked over as Hermione shrieked, stumbling back. "What?" Calla asked frantically, jumping, and Hermione pointed shakily to the ground."No," Calla said, disbelievingly. It couldn't be."What is it?" Harry asked."I - I don't believe it," said Hermione shakily. "Ron, it's Scabbers!"Calla's heart was going a hundred miles an hour. How many times had she seen a rat in her visions this year? Something didn't feel right. "Are you - are you sure it's Scabbers?" she asked as Ron hurried over, scooping up the flailing rat."Course it's Scabbers!" Ron said, holding him tightly. "Look at his toes! But - Scabbers, what are you doing here?"Scabbers was writhing in Ron's hands, like he was desperate to escape. His little claws scraped against Ron, who held on tightly as he could. "What are you so worried about?" Ron asked him. "There's no cats here, Scabbers, there's nothing that's going to hurt you."Calla was still staring. Her stomach twisted. There was something whispering at the edge of her mind, a feeling of foreboding, as she drew invisible lines. The rat in the forest- but no, of course that wasn't Scabbers. What would Scabbers be doing with - with that? "Ron," she said confusedly, "are you sure-""They're comin'," Hagrid said grimly, cutting her off. Calla whipped around to see out the window, where a small procession was winding through the grounds towards them. Dumbledore led them, silver beard glistening as Fudge and the executioner - MacNair - followed him down."Yeh gotta go," Hagrid said, trembling all over. "They mustn' find yeh here... Go now."Ron stuffed a still writhing Scabbers into his pocket and buttoned it. Harry handed the cloak to Hermione. "Come on. I'll lead yeh out the back way.""It'll be okay, Hagrid," Calla said, hugging him tightly one last time. "I'm so sorry."There was nothing she could do now. She wished that she could, wished she could take Buckbeak and fly him away out of here, but there was no way. Her eyes fell on him and she let out a sob, hurrying over. "Calla!" Hermione hissed, but she couldn't stop her as she lay a hand on Buckbeak's neck, stroking his feathers gently and crying."I'm so sorry," she whispered, laying her head against Buckbeak's feathers. "Buckbeak, I'm so sorry. I wish I'd been able to do more."It felt like she was going to shake enough to fall apart as Harry and Ron took her hands, leading her away. "Go quick," Hagrid said, as he turned back towards his hut. "Don' listen."Harry and Ron were tugging her away, and Calla let them, barely watching where she was going. "Please, let's hurry, I can't stand it," Hermione whispered, urging them onwards as the sun began to set over the forest.They hurried on up the steep grassy slope, away from Buckbeak, away from Hagrid. Calla choked back a sob, looking over her shoulder. The trees at the edge of the forest rustled sinisterly. She wasn't looking where she was going; she crashed into Ron, who had stopped dead."Oh, please, Ron," Hermione pleaded."It's Scabbers!" he protested. "He won't stay still!"The little rat was trying to scramble its way out of his pocket, quite aggressively, and Ron was bent over trying to stop him from getting out. He was squeaking, flailing wildly in a way Calla had never seen before. "Something's wrong," Calla said. "Scabbers, what is it, what are you trying to tell us?""Scabbers, it's me you idiot," Ron hissed. "It's Ron!"Calla heard a door closing somewhere behind them, and voices. It was happening. "Ron, please," Hermione said pleadingly, eyes wide and worried. "We have to go.""Okay," Ron said, shoving Scabbers firmly back in his pocket. "Scabbers, stay put."They went on for only a few seconds before Ron stopped again. "I can't hold him," he muttered. "Scabbers, shut up, they'll hear us!"Calla gave up, marching on ahead. She couldn't do this, couldn't bear to hear it. Harry ran up and caught her arm as Scabbers squealed again. There was a jumble of voices behind them as Calla tried to hurry on, but then the cold swish of an axe stopped her. She turned and saw the axe go down behind a bush.A murder of crows flew out from the forest.Calla let out a muffled sob and ducked down, grabbing onto Harry's arm. Hermione pressed at her back, burying her face in someone's shoulder. "They did it," she said hoarsely. "I don't believe it they - they actually did it."Author's Note: So I totally intended to get this up on Monday and then what do you know life happened and I completely forgot, but hey, it's up now! We're almost at the climax of third year and I am so excited because Sirius is going to be making an appearance very soon indeed. This upcoming section was one of my favourites to write so I hope you enjoy it too and like what I've done with it. Happy reading!

Calla was shaking against Harry's shoulder, hands clenched into fists. She couldn't believe this had actually happened, that Buckbeak was - was dead and they couldn't do anything about it, anything at all! "I can't believe it," she whispered, sobbing. "How could they?" She stood with the others, all of them transfixed with horror. He was gone. A life taken, just like that. "It's so wrong," she said, shaking. "It's all so, so wrong!""I can't believe they did it," Hermione was saying, shuddering and very pale. "They really killed him.""We should go," said Harry gently, and they turned numbly, walking slowly and miserably back up to the castle. Calla's stomach was churning; everything just felt wrong, wrong, wrong. She thought she really would be sick in a moment, and paused, squeezing her eyes shut. Not now, she thought. Please not now.She forced herself to keep on walking, with the night falling dark around them. The castle was in sight, and Calla wanted nothing more than to run into its warmth and never come out again, final exam be damned. But she noticed as she turned a little, Ron was still shaking and jerking around. "Scabbers," he hissed, nearly knocking off the Invisibility Cloak.He clutched his hand over the pocket where Scabbers was still wriggling, trying desperately to get free. "What are you doing?" he shouted, coming to a halt. "You stupid rat! Ow!" He jerked back, and held up his hand to them, shrugging off the cloak."Ron!""He bit me!" Ron said, eyes wide as he stared at his hand. "Scabbers bit me!"They had to go, Calla knew. But something wasn't just stopping Ron, but stopping her. It was wrong. She could feel it in the air, the unmistakeable beginnnings of something awful. It felt like electricity, like hot static. It was making her restless, as well as worried."Ron, be quiet!" Hermione hissed over to him, as he sill struggled to keep his hold on Scabbers. "Fudge'll be out here soon, we have to go!""He - won't - stay - put!"Calla watched Ron's wrestling with the rat, and she knew there was something very, very wrong. He'd never been this way, not even with Crookshanks. He was plainly terrified, but of what? There were an awful lot of things for a rat to be scared of, she supposed, but to this extent? And he should be safe in Ron's pocket, too. Yet he was writhing with every muscle in his body, trying to get out of Ron's grip."What's the matter with him?" Ron asked desperately, turning to Calla with very wide eyes. All she could do was shake her head."Let's go!" Harry was saying, but no one was listening to him.Something twisted in Calla's stomach, and the uncomfortable rash of foreboding crept over Calla's arms, over her shoulders, up the back of her neck. "This is all wrong," she muttered. "Something's wrong, I can feel. I've - I've seen things."Seen things?" Hermione said dubiously, but Calla went on, mind racing."It's a full moon." Her breath caught. No, no, no. "We have to get back. Now!"No one ran after her, but even as she tried, something ginger streaked out to block her path, tripping her over. "No, Crookshanks," Hermione moaned, as Calla steadied herself. "Go away, Crookshanks. Go away!"But the cat didn't listen. "Crookshanks," Calla hissed. He just came closer, yellow eyes fixed on the wriggling lump Ron was holding.It was too late. Scabbers shot out from Ron's grasp and he yelled, flinging the cloak off for good and pelting after him with a roar. "Ron!" Calla shouted, but he kept running.The other three exchanged nervous glances, and then took off after him. They couldn't run with the cloak, though; it streamed behind them and Calla cursed quietly, running as fast as she could over the hard ground. Her heart was pounding so loud, but she could hear the heavy thunder of Ron's feet as well as the patter of Crookshanks' paws as she ran. "Ron, come back!" she hissed, but he didn't, and she wasn't exactly surprised."Get away from him - get away - Scabbers - come here, Scabbers!"There was a loud thud and a yell and Calla ran faster, desperate to stop whatever was happening, or about to happen. "Keep moving!" Harry said as they ran on."Gotcha!" Ron yelled happily, and Calla breathed a sigh of relief, slowing a little bit. "Hurry up!" Calla exchanges a confused look with Hermione, and sped up again, coming over a little mound to see Ron sprawled on the ground, shoving Crookshanks off him with Scabbers quivering in his pocket. He clamped his freed hands tightly over the lump, shaking and white. "Scabbers," he was saying. "Scabbers!""Ron, come on," Hermione said, panting . "Come on, back under the cloak! Dumbledore and the Minister, they'll be coming out soon!""We need to go," said Calla, shivering. "Ron, come on, please."She was panting, but looked around. They'd left the cloak behind, too; they'd have to run back for it, and quickly, before it was discovered by someone else. But before she could say this, before she could even catch her breath, there was a soft thudding of paws on the ground. She turned, following Ron's shaking gaze, and her eyes landed on that same massive, pale-eyed, black dog."You're back," she whispered, staring at it. "Harry, don't you recognise-""From Magnolia Crescent." Harry's voice was hoarse."That's a Grim," Ron said shakily. "Calla, that is a Grim."She took a step towards the dog nervously. The bracelet was still in her pocket; she took it out, holding it to the dog as she bent her knees slightly, so she could look at its eyes properly. "Hello," she said."Calla, get back!" Harry hissed."I know what I'm doing," she said."No you don't!"She ignored him, and uncurled her palm so the dog could see the bracelet. "Did you leave this for me?" The dog's nose brushed the tips of her fingers. "What are you? Have you come to warn us? Is there something here?" The dog only looked at her. "Someone? Is - is Sirius Black here?"The dog tensed up. "He is? Where?"She stood up sharply, turning to the others. "We have to go. Now. I've got to get the cloak."She went to run for it but as she did so, the dog sprang past her, tail brushing against her as she moved out of its way just in time. The bracelet slipped through her fingers as Ron shouted, "Scabbers!" and she took off down the hill, eyes peeled for that silvery fabric. She spotted it on a mound by a large boulder and grabbed it, clutching the material tightly to her chest. People were coming out of the hut. They'd have to hurry.She sprinted back to the others, and had to hold back a scream at the sight of the dog pinning Harry to the ground. "Get off!" she called to it, voice shaking. "Leave him alone!"The dog rolled off and Calla rushed to Harry, still with a tight grasp on the cloak. She pulled him to his feet with clammy hands, just as the dog rounded on Ron, snarling and spitting. "Leave him," she hissed to the dog. "What are you doing?"But the dog didn't listen. Everything seemed to happen at once, as Hermione collided with Calla as she tried to pull them under the cloak, as they hurried towards Ron, as the dog sank its teeth into Ron's forearm and he howled in pain. "No!"The dog was pulling Ron across the ground, and he shook from the rough journey. "Let him go!" Calla told the dog, but it didn't listen. It had gone, it seemed, absolutely feral.And what had Remus said? What had she not listened to? Stay away from big black dogs. Here was one dragging Ron - and, she realised with a start and a jolt back to memories of her visions, Scabbers the rat - away from them.Calla, Harry and Hermione all broke into a chase after them, Ron flailing in the dog's grip. "Harry! Hermione, Calla! Run! Go!"They just ran towards him faster, but they were too far away, and he and the dog slipped down a whole in the ground, disappearing from sight. "Come on!" Calla yelled back to Harry, still running, not keeping an eye on the sky.Something rammed into her stomach and threw her backwards to slam on the hard ground, teeth rattling. She breathed heavily, winded, and passed the cloak to her other hand, pulling out her wand, not that she thought it was going to do much good. It didn't feel right. None of this felt right. But she remembered - the dog and wolf and rat and stag and crows. Everything was coming together."Calla?" Harry's voice asked, his footsteps thudding closer. His glasses were askew on his face. "Calla, are you alright?"She nodded dazedly, stumbling to her feet. "What on Earth?"Her eyes fell on the dark shape before them that cut across the starlight. "The Whomping Willow.""Help!" shouted Ron's voice, buried somewhere in the distance. "Help!""Ron!" Harry yelled, rushing forward again. Calla lunged after him, pulling him just out of the way of a thick tree branch. "Ron!""Wait," she said, as the branches swung madly. "Hermione?""I'm here!" Hermione called, hurrying on towards them, ducking under a violent branch. "I'm here!""Harry," Calla said, as the others fumbled for their wands. "Don't you see what tree this is?""Lumos," Harry whispered, lighting up the space in front of them just as another branch came roaring towards them. "That's not good."They all ducked, scrambling back. "We have to get to Ron," Calla said, glaring at the tree. Ron's foot was hooked into one of the roots, but she knew it wouldn't stay like that for long; especially if the dog pulled too hard and broke a bone. "Hermione, what spells do you know?""I - I don't-" She looked like she was wracking her brain, trying to think as she pointed her wand up. "Petrificus totalus!"Nothing happened; if anything, the tree got angrier at that, and knocked her flying off her feet. "Ron!" Harry called. "Ron, we're trying, hold on!""Immobulus!" Calla yelled up at the tree. Absolutely nothing happened. "Come on," she muttered, tears springin too easily to her eyes. "Let us get to our friend." She and Hermione said it together this time. "Immobulus!"But still nothing happened. The tree slapped Calla across the face and she went flying, hearing the shatter of her glasses. She had to squeeze her eyes shut, taking them off. "Watch!" she shouted. "My glasses have broken, There's glass on the ground, I don't know where!" She braved opening her eyes. There was nothing in them that she could feel, but something had caught on her cheek - whether the slap or a piece of glass - and it stung badly. Someone hurried over to her."Calla? Can you see?""No!" she replied, clutching her glasses. "Hermione!"Hermione sprinted over, and knelt awkwardly at her side. "Don't touch the ground," Calla said, as Hermione raised her wand."Hold your glasses out to me," she instructed, and Calla did so with a shaking hand. "Oculus reparo!"There was a snapping sound as the lenses fitted back together and she gingerly put them back on, the world coming back into focus. The Whomping Willow was still thrashing, and Ron's foot had disappeared from view. "We have to run," she said, grabbing Harry's hand and then Hermione's. "Come on, we might not have long.""How will we get in?" Hermione cried, stumbling."I don't know," she admitted. "But the dog did. And - and Remus says he used to be able to get in when he was in school. So there must be a way.""If we time it right," Harry said, Seeker's eyes trained on the tree. "We might be able to..."They waited. Hermione danced anxiously on the spot and Calla breathed heavily, hands tight around the cloak and her wand. She had to hope that they'd help, that it would work, that they could save Ron."Move!" Harry yelled, and they sprinted forwards together, making a dash for the roots where the hole in the ground was. A branch thumped down just behind them and Calla let out a shrill shriek, stumbling forward. She stopped just in time before she crashed into another branch, swinging the other direction, and pulled her friends back. They took another two steps and the tree thrashed again, knocking Hermione off her feet; her hand slipped away."Hermione!" Calla yelled.She stumbled to her feet, looking surprised but okay. "I'm fine," she said. "Come on!"They scrambled towards the roots but as they did so, another branch swung right for them. Harry and Hermione ducked and Calla tried to move, but felt it slam into the side of her head. She was sent sprawling to the ground, wand flying; it fell down the hole. "Come on!" she shrieked, crawling forward. Everything felt heavy, but she swung her legs around and slipped down, catching ahold of her wand. "Harry!" she shouted up. "Hermione!"There was a yell from above. She shivered, stomach feeling like a rock had fallen into it. "Harry?""Hang on!" she heard Hermione's muffled voice call. She shrieked, and there was a very loud thud. "We'll be with you in a minute!""What's going on up there?" Calla yelled. "Hermione!"She stepped back from the opening, shaking. If they were hurt... She glanced back down the long tunnel that lay ahead. "Ron!" she shouted down it, but there was no reply. "Ron, we're coming! Just - just hold on!"There was a loud yell, and someone crashed through the opening. Calla was pushed forward, slamming onto the ground as Harry stumbled blearily to his feet. "Are you okay?" she asked quickly, and he nodded, with a knuckle-white grip on his wand. "Where's Hermione?""She's just-"Hermione flew through the openin to the hole, crashing into Harry. "Sorry," she muttered, getting hastily to her feet. "Are you- Crookshanks!"Her cat had darted forward from behind Calla and scampered up the hole, placing his front paws on a little nob by the base of the trunk. Calla stared. "Has that always been there?""How did he know?""He's friends with that dog," Harry said. "I saw him with it.""Me too," Calla said. "A few months ago, he led me out to a window, with Matilda, and the dog was there. And so was Moony. Owl Moony." She blinked. Both her kitten and her owl seemed to have taken to the dog, and she'd never felt anything sinister about it... So why had it attacked wrong? It didn't feel right, or normal. Something was wrong. It was totally off."Come on," Harry said grimly. "And keep your wands out. Calla, you - you have got-""It's here," she said, tightening her grip on both her wand and the Invisibility Cloak. "Let's go."They followed Crookshanks, which Calla thought may have turned out to have been a terrible idea, but he was their only form of direction now. His tail flicked the air as they crept down a low, earthy slope and emerged into a very long, dark passage."This is creepy," Calla muttered. She supposed it was suitable, considering it surely led to the Shrieking Shack."Where's Ron?" Hermione asked in a very nervous whisper."This way," Harry said, leading them on by the light of his wand."Calla," Hermione said lowly, "where does this passage lead?""Hogsmeade," she said. "The Shrieking Shack."Hermione let out a rather unHermione-like whimper. "Wonderful."They went on as quickly as they could, backs bent in the low ceilinged passageway. Crookshanks' tail bobbed every now and then, and the passage seemed to go on forever. It had to lead to the Shack, Calla thought. It was certainly long enough, and creepy enough. She thought of Ron; was he already in the Shrieking Shack, being mauled to death by a recently feral dog? Was he hurt, was it already too late? It couldn't be, she had to tell herself. They'd have to arrive in time to save him.The tunnel began to rise, and Calla stooped even lower, running as best as she could in the hunched position. Then it twisted, and they followed Crookshanks' tail as it whipped around the corner. At the end of this part of the tunnel, there was a light ahead. It was very dim, but it was certainly there. Relief flooded her, but it was short lived as she hurried onwards. "Ron?"They had to get there and they had to get there now. Calla would calm the dog down, she had to, and they'd get Ron to safety and figure everything else out on the way. It'd all be alright, she promised herself. It didn't feel very true.They approached the entrance with caution and caught their breaths. Calla looked at Harry worriedly, heart hammering, but she knew they had to go on. They pressed through the end of the tunnel, coming out into a large, dim, dusty room. Definitely the Shrieking Shack.But there was no Ron, and no dog. Something pressed at the edges of Calla's mind, a memory of the fire. Omens. She squeezed her eyes shut. The changing face, dog to man. Her stomach squirmed. Could it be? No. Surely not."Calla?" Hermione's said quietly. "I think you're right. I think this is the Shrieking Shack."She opened her eyes, being sure to take everything in. If they had to make a quick exit, she'd need to know any other way out. There was a single window, boarded up, but perhaps it could be broken with a lot of force and a very strong spell. But nothing else that could let them out, except a door on one wall that led to a shadowy hallway.Her eyes fell on a dilapidated chair with chunks torn out of it, half rotted. This was where Remus had had to come every full moon when he was her age, all alone and bound, tearing at himself and destroying everything else. Tears sprang to her eyes and she huddled closer to Harry. He looked at her and she knew he was thinking of the same things.There was a creaking sound coming from above them. Calla glanced up, frowning. How did a dog, carrying a whole human body, make it up the stairs? She suddenly felt very much like running for help, but she still knew she couldn't leave Ron, or Harry and Hermione. "Be careful," she whispered, as they advanced further into the room. "That's not a normal dog."McGonagall could transform into a cat, she knew. They'd learnt about animagi, but surely someone would know if - if Sirius Black was one. Surely Remus would know. She couldn't think that, but she had to. Was that why he had warned them? But why not say why? If Black was the dog... He had had that bracelet. He'd given it to her, to what? Taunt her? Lure her into a forest and to her death? It had been stalking them all year, not the Grim, but a very different and very real bringer of death. One that had killed her parents."Sirius Black might be up there," she whispered, and both Harry and Hermione stared at her. The changing face in the fire. It all dawned on her with a sickening weight. She was right, she knew it. This was why it all felt wrong. "Keep a hand tightly on your wand."As quietly as they could, they crept out into the hall and up the crumbling, dilapidated staircase. They had to move very slowly indeed to ensure they didn't make any noises or creaks that would alert the dog - or rather, as Calla thought was becoming increasingly likely, Sirius Black - to their presences.Everything but the floor was covered in a very thick layer of dust, but there was a thick white strip that showed something had been dragged along it. Ron. Calla felt sick again. At least there wasn't any blood.The thought of it kept running over and over in her mind, Ron dying, Ron bleeding out in pain. Mauled to death, or blown apart as Sirius Black had done to all those muggles? It felt like forever before they reached the landing. "Nox," they all whispered, extinguishing the wandlight.Calla squinted down the hallway; there was only one door open, and she was sure that was where Ron had been dragged into. As the three of them crept quietly towards it, she could hear a very faint sort of moaning sound, and then a loud purr. For a fleeting second, Calla hoped it was Matilda, but knew that wouldn't be her luck. At least Ron was still alive, she thought. They could still save him. If one of them could take him back to the school and the others hold Sirius Black off long enough to send reinforcements... It was unlikely. She rather thought they all ought to take Ron and make a run for it.Calla leaned forward, peering through the tiny sliver between the door and the frame, and then Harry kicked it in.There was a magnificent four poster bed in the middle of the room, where Crookshanks lay purring. Ron lay pale on the floor beside it, leg sticking out at an odd - broken, most likely - angle. "Ron," Calla whispered, hurrying forward. The only injury she could see was his leg, which was a good sign at least. "Should we move him onto the bed, or just take him?""Where's the dog?" Harry asked, looking around in confusion. Hermione held Ron's arm tightly."Not a dog," he muttered, gritting his teeth. Calla's stomach plummeted. She'd been right."We need to get out of here," she said. "Now.""It's a set up," Ron said, then hissed in pain as Calla tried to get him upright. "Calla, it's a trap. He's a dog.""Sirius Black," Calla whispered, feeling all the blood drain from her face. "An - an animagus?"Ron nodded, wincing in pain. "Harry," she said. "Run.""What are you-""Harry, go."The door slammed shut. Calla wheeled around, staring at the shadows where a man stood with a gaunt face and matted black hair and hollow eyes. He could have been a corpse. Perhaps he would have been less dangerous if he was, but he wasn't. "You," she whispered. She was right. She hated it. "You!"Her stomach twisted as everything fell into place. He reached out a hand to her, clutching a wand - Ron's wand, she realised dimly. It was withered and the nails were broken. The dying hand."Expelliarmus."Calla tried to get a grip on her wand, but it was no use. It flew out of her hand and into Sirius Black's, and the Invisibility Cloak fluttered to the floor. It occurred to her then that no one knew where they were. No one would hear them even if they screamed for help, a feat which Calla didn't honestly think her lungs were up to achieving. But her mind went to her godfather; he had the map. Maybe, possibly, through some miracle he'd see. But the Shack wasn't even on the map, she realised, hiding her groan.Sirius Black stepped closer and Calla stumbled back, slipping onto the edge of the bed. "I thought you would come for your friend," Black said, advancing even further. His voice was hoarse, cracked, like he'd forgotten how to use it. How long had he been in his dog form. "Your father would have done the same."Calla wanted to spit at him to not talk about their father, but no words would come to her. She shuddered hollowly.Black looked awfully relaxed about everything, worryingly so. He hadn't, however, cast any spells yet, or made much of a move to truly hurt them, save for what he'd done to Ron. He just held the wands in his hand, staring at them."It's brave of you," he said. "Harry, Calla. Not to run for a teacher.""How do you know we haven't told anyone?" Calla said boldly, though her voice felt like withering in her throat. Black looked at her, considering, and tilted his chin. "You know Remus Lupin. I know you do. He's teaching here, at Hogwarts. He's my godfather, he's told us everything. He's - he's coming," she told him and hoped she sounded convincing even though her voice faded on her words. "And you'll be really, really sorry.""I'm sure I would be," Black said. "If Remus really was."Calla shrank back then, shuddering. She didn't have anything else she thought she could say. "So what then?" Harry said. "You've come to kill us, have you? Like you killed them!""Your father jumped to conclusions, too," Black said quietly."Don't talk about him," Harry said. "You've no right."Something flickered on Sirius Black's waxy face, something almost human. Calla clutched at the bedsheets nervously, trying to calm her heart which felt like it had leapt into her throat and was battling to escape through her mouth. If she tried to speak she was sure she would be sick.Before her, Harry was clearly shaking with anger. His hands twitched, likely for his wand, and Calla squeezed her eyes shut, trying to comb her mind for something, anything that might help. A portent of the future, a way out. A way to help Ron and if they could, to take down Black. She felt something at the edge of her thoughts, something oddly comforting, but at the sound of a yell she snapped her eyes open. Harry had lunged forward, and Hermione reached out to grab him, pulling him back. Calla grabbed his hand, and he pulled her up to standing."If you want to kill them," Ron said, voice shaking as he got clumsily to his feet, very pale, "you'll have to kill us first." He tried to push past Calla, swaying on his leg, but she held him back, trying to get him to lie down before he hurt himself.To her surprise and horror, Sirius Black echoed her thoughts. "Lie down," he told Ron. "You will only damage that leg more."Calla stared at him. What did he care? He was a murderer, for goodness' sake. Her stomach twisted uncomfortably. "Lie down, Ron," she murmured quietly, eyes on Black."Calla?"She took a very nervous step forward, and immediately felt like her legs were going to give out. Black was staring at her."Give me my wand back," she said quietly. He didn't oblige, not that she expected him to."Did you hear me?" Ron shouted from behind her. "I said you'll have to kill us first, too!""There need only be one murder tonight," he said, and the way he looked at her didn't look like he wanted to kill her. She didn't want to die, but she didn't understand."Why's that?" Harry asked, moving forward to stand beside Calla. "Didn't care last time, did you? Didn't mind killing all those Muggles to get at Pettigrew! What's wrong? Gone soft in Azkaban?""Don't taunt him," Calla hissed, shoving him back. She turned her eyes to Sirius Black. "You gave me a bracelet, that day by the forest. My mother's. Why? Why give it to me? Taunting me, were you? Trying to get at me, get into my head?" Her voice was shrill, she knew, and Black was just staring at her. "Why not just kill me? You had to give that to me first! What did you do? Go into the house, take it from the wreckage? Some sick kind of trophy now your - your Lord was gone?""Calla," Black said sternly."Don't call me by my name," she spat. "You're sick.""Don't you know I knew your parents?""YOU KILLED THEM!" Harry bellowed, surging forward again. "I DON'T CARE IF YOU KNEW THEM, YOU KILLED THEM!" He went running forwards as if to attack Black and Calla first tried to stop him, but couldn't reach him before his fist slammed into the side of Black's face.The wandtips turned away from Harry as he forced Black towards the wall, shaking the dust from the ceiling. Calla lunged forward, trying to grab the wands even as they sparked, missing her by mere inches. She grabbed Harry just as Black's fist closed around his throat and she shrieked, slamming her hand into his face. He turned, smacking into the wall, but he kept his grip. "No," he was saying, voice hoarse. "I have waited too long.""Don't you dare," Calla spat at him, trying to pull Harry back. She clasped her fingers around Black's, trying to prise them off of Harry's throat. But he was a lot stronger than her, and she felt angry tears burn in her eyes as she tried. "I won't let you."Hermione swung a leg out to catch Black's ankles and he stumbled away, loosening his hold. Calla grabbed Harry, pulling him back as the wands clattered to the ground.They both lunged, but Calla cried out as something sank its claws into her arm. She stumbled back, trying to throw Crookshanks off of her, and ended up hitting Black with the very angry cat. He lunged for her and she shrieked, scraping her nails against his face, which was just inches from her. Years of fending off Dudley and other Muggle playground bullies had taught her how to use her nails when she couldn't use her fists, and Black howled as he stumbled away from her.Crookshanks sank his claws further into her arm. "I thought you liked me!" she shrieked at him, shoving him off finally. He went scampering towards Harry and the wands, and Harry kicked at him just in time. The cat went flying back, hissing, but then something else sprinted into the room, another cat."Matilda?" Calla shrieked, as her own kitten joined the fray. "Matilda, no you don't!"But Matilda wasn't going to hurt her. She scampered over to Calla, standing by her legs and batting her tail, meowing loudly and turning quickly between Calla and Black. "Matilda, get out of here!" she cried. "You'll get hurt!""Get out of the way!" Harry's voice yelled, as he picked up his wand and whirled around to face Black. Matilda scraped lightly at Calla's ankle and sprinted back, to scamper over Harry's feet. Calla rushes to his side as Ron and Hermione fell back, dishevelled and - in Ron's case - very green in the face, onto the four poster bed. Calla grabbed her own wand, though her arm was aching from where Crookshanks had sank his claws in."Calla, get behind me," Harry said."No," she said shakily, aiming her wand at Black. "No, this is down to both of us.""You're hurt.""I'll live," she said, though if she was honest, she wasn't entirely sure of that. "He killed our parents." The words had such a weight to them that she was sure she'd now never be able to shake them. Her hands were trembling around her wand. She wanted dearly to try and see something, to search her mind for a future where they all lived, but she hardly dared to blink."Going to kill me, are you?" Black laughed hollowly, from where he had sank to the bottom of the wall. Calla was almost proud to note the bloodied wells that her nails had made on his cheeks.Harry stepped closer, wand aimed at Black's heart, and Calla followed, face set firmly. "You killed our parents," Harry said, but his wand arm was shaking. She wasn't sure she could do it, and she didn't think Harry could either, not really. But if it came to him or them... They'd have to."I don't deny it," Black said hoarsely. "If you knew...""You sold them out to Voldemort," said Harry. "You're the reason they're dead! That's all we need to know." He jabbed his wand closer to Black's heart and Calla shuddered. "You never heard her, did you? Our mum. Pleading with him, for her life and for ours. Trying to stop Voldemort from killing us... And you did it.""You're the reason he found us," Calla said tremulously. "You're the reason our parents are dead, you're the reason Remus has been alone for so long. You didn't just destroy our family, you destroyed his too." She tightened her grip on her wand and pointed it firmer at Sirius Black, praying that it did not waver.But before either Calla or Harry could say another word, something ginger streaked past them, easing onto Black's lap. The next second, Matilda had settled herself decisively over Calla's feet. "Get off," Sirius Black said to Crookshanks, trying to push him gently off of his lap. Gently. There was something almost fond in his voice.But Crookshanks sank his claws into Sirius' arm and wouldn't let go. If they wanted to hurt Black, they'd have to hurt Crookshanks too, and no matter her confusion Calla would not kill a cat. She heard Hermione sob, and that settled it. She stood for a moment not knowing what to do at all, and her hand shook as she found herself lowering her wand."I don't understand," she said quietly. "Remus doesn't understand. Why... Why you would do it."Black just looked at her, face gaunt and haunted. Her wand hung by her side as she considered him, waiting for something to be said, anything. Harry's wand was still raised, aimed right at Black's heart. She didn't know how long it would take, until he would shoot a spell and knock him dead.There were footsteps on the stairs. They were like a breath in the room, and Calla sank back, turning. "We're up here!" she yelled. "We're up here! It's Sirius Black!"Black startled in a jerking movement that almost had Crookshanks falling off of him. Harry inched forward and Calla fell back, stumbling towards the door. "Help!" she as Hermione both screamed, as footsteps thudded along the hallway, and the door burst open in a shower of bright red sparks."Remus!" She let out the biggest sigh of relief in her life, sinking back against the wall. "Sirius - Sirius Black - Harry - he's - he's going to kill-"Remus stormed in, face white and bloodless. His eyes flickered to Calla, then to Ron lying on the floor, then a cowering Hermione and then to Harry, who still had his wand point over Sirius Black's heart."Expelliarmus!" he said, and all the wands in the room leapt to him. Calla turned, startled."Remus, what are you doing?"He didn't answer her, as he moved further into the room to stand nearer Black. He stared at him, at Crookshanks in his lap, and his mouth fell open. "Remus?"He spoke then, but not to her. His voice shook with emotion. "Where is he, Sirius?"Calla stared at him. Where was who? She stared between him and Sirius Black, wondering what she'd missed. She didn't understand this, not at all. Black's face was blank, entirely expressionless. For a moment it was as though he was entirely frozen. Then he raised a shaking arm, pointing his finger at something in the room. No. At Ron."What?" she found herself whispering. Ron blinked at Black, looking entirely bewildered, just as Calla felt."But then..." Remus said, staring intently at Black. "...Why hasn't he shown himself before now? Unless-" His eyes widened suddenly. "Unless you two switched, at the last minute. Without telling me. Unless he was the one..."Black's gaze never left Remus, but slowly, he nodded. "I don't understand," Calla whispered.Her words died in her throat. The next thing she knew, Remus had lowered his wand, and had strode over to Black, pulled him to his feet so that Crookshanks went scrambling away, and had embraced him like a brother. All Calla could do was stare."I DON'T BELIEVE IT!" Hermione screamed, and Calla faltered, just staring."What have you done to him?" she asked, voice quivering, gaze turned harshly on Sirius. "What's going on?""He hasn't done anything," Remus said gently. "I didn't understand until now, but if you'll let me explain-""I've been covering for you!" Hermione shrieked. "All year! And you've been his friend! How long have you been plotting for this?""We haven't been plotting anything," said Remus, very calmly. Calla knew he was telling the truth, knew somehow that Remus had reason to trust Sirius Black again even if she didn't understand it, and that meant Sirius Black didn't mean them harm. Maybe he never had. Maybe he hadn't been the one..."Hermione," she said, glancing at her friend, who was white with anger. "It-""He's been helping him get into the castle!" Hermione said shrilly. Ron had gone quite white and looked like he might faint."No he's not!" Harry shouted back. "Why would he?""Harry, Calla, I'm so sorry, you can't trust him!""Why not?" Harry roared back, face contorted with confused anger."Because - because," Hermione faltered. "Because he's a werewolf."A stunned silence fell over the room. Calla stared at her, hardly believing that Hermione had figured it out, or that she thought that made him in league with Black. "Of course he is," she said, staring at Hermione, who faltered. Clearly what she'd thought had fallen apart a little. "And he's my godfather, Hermione."Remus had gone very white, as had Ron. "I'm afraid you're not entirely right, Hermione," he said, his voice remarkably calm. "I am a werewolf, you are correct. But I certainly do not wish Calla or Harry any harm, nor have I been helping Sirius.""But you're his friend! We just saw-""I have not been his friend for twelve years," Remus said. "Not until tonight." He glanced at Black, who was looking gaunt, and then to Harry and Calla, who were both still slightly stunned from Hermione's accusation. "You both understand this, Don't you?""Of course," Calla said quickly, rushing over to him. "I - I know.""Yeah," Harry said. "You - you... I still don't understand what... Just happened, but I know you wouldn't hurt us." A smile of relief flickered across Remus' face. "Hermione," Harry said. "Remus wouldn't hurt us."She was very pale, Calla noticed, and shaking a little as she sat on the bed. "How long have you known, Hermione?" Remus asked tensely, with tremendous effort."Ages," she said hollowly. "Since Snape set that essay. And I thought - I thought...""That I meant to do Calla and Harry harm, because of it? That they didn't know, from all their years of knowing me, that the reason they couldn't stay with me was because I transformed into a monster every full moon?""I - I don't-""Snape set that essay in the hopes that someone would figure it out, and try to get me sacked." Calla clenched her fists. "It seems you did manage to figure it out, Hermione, though quite how you reached your other conclusions I don't entirely understand.""You... Because Halloween, y-you weren't at the feast. And, and because I wondered why would he break out now and logically it was because he knew that there was someone here who would help him! I overheard Fudge saying, in the Three Broomsticks, that he - that Black kept saying in his cell, that he was at Hogwarts, someone was at Hogwarts. I thought - I thought he meant you!" Remus sighed. Calla just stared at Hermione, shocked and still reeling. She could tell that her brother was the same. "And then - and then you came here, how did you know?""The map," Harry said, the same time it dawned on Calla."Yes, Harry," Remus said. "I had it out on my desk earlier this evening, and saw the four of you leave the castle to go to Hagrid's hut. Even under the cloak, the map can see you." Hermione clutched at a bedpost. "Twenty minutes later, you left Hagrid, and set off towards the castle. But this time you had someone else with you.""Who?" Calla asked, quite confused even as something pricked her memory. The only new addition had been... Scabbers. No. But the rat... And Ron... And Crookshanks. "No.""Yes," Remus croaked, pacing. "I didn't understand at first, I thought it impossible. How could he be with you? How could he be alive?""But no one was with us!""And then I saw another dot, moving fast towards you, labelled as Sirius Black. I saw him collide with you, then take two of you into the Whomping Willow.""But there was only one of us!" Ron insisted, quite confused."No, Ron," said Remus. "Two of you."He paused in front of him and the little lump still in his pocket, and Calla knew. "Scabbers?""What?" Ron asked, looking at her like she was quite mad. "What's Scabbers got to do with anything?""Do you think I could have a look at him?" Remus asked mildly."What? No! What's wrong with Scabbers?""Rather a few things," Remus said. "It's important."Calla and Harry exchanged glances and though Harry still looked rather lost, they both nodded at Ron. Nervously, and still very confused, he lifted Scabbers - who was still writhing - out of his pocket by his tail. Wormtail. It clicked in Calla's. Of course. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and... And Prongs. Calla's dad.But that meant...Remus leaned closer to Scabbers, who was now thrashing desperately. "What?" Ron said, holding Scabbers close to him. "What's Scabbers got to do with anything? He's just my rat?""That's not a rat," croaked Sirius Black suddenly."What do you mean?" Ron looked up, and Calla shook her head, the blood drained from her face. The name was in her throat but she hardly dared to speak it. "Of course he's a rat!""No, he's not," said Remus quietly. "He's a wizard.""An animagus," said Sirius, hoarsely. "By the name of Peter Pettigrew."

It seemed to take a moment for this to sink in. Remus' silence told Calla he believed it too, and her stomach churned as her mind raced. It had to be impossible, but... Maybe."You're mental," Ron said, staring at Sirius Black. Peter Pettigrew's dead. He - he killed him!" But he was looking less and less sure of this. Harry stayed quiet, hovering at Calla's shoulder."I meant to," Black growled, face twitching, brain his yellowed teeth, "but little Peter got the better of me... not this time, though!"Before Calla could move, Crookshanks was thrown to the floor with a yowl as Black lunged for Scabbers; Ron yelled with pain as Black landed on his bad leg, and Remus lunged forwards, scrabbling to try and pull him back. "No, Sirius!" he yelled, wrestling Black off of Ron's leg. Calla stared, heart in her throat, as Black struggled against him. "Wait! You can't do it now, just like that - we need to explain, now, they have to understand - we have to explain, Sirius!""We can explain after!" Black snarled, trying to through Remus off. Calla darted forward but her godfather held her back with his arm. Black's other hand was still scrabbling against the air as it tried to reach for Scabbers, who was still squealing and crawling all over Ron, scratching his face and neck as he tried to make a break for it."They've - got - a - right to - know - everything!" Remus panted, still trying to contain him. Calla shuddered as she watched him, with no idea what she could or should do except watch and try to understand. "Ron's kept him as a pet!" Remus was shouting at Black. "There are parts of it even I don't understand. And Harry and Calla - you owe it to them that they know the truth, Sirius!"At that, Black stopped struggling, though his eyes were still fixed intently on the writhing Scabbers, who was clamped between Ron's scratched, bleeding hands. "All right, then," Black said, with his intense, downright murderous gaze still fixed on Scabbers and Ron. "Tell them whatever you like, then, Remus. But make it quick. I want to commit the murder I was imprisoned for..."Calla shuddered, and looked worriedly at Remus. He trusted Black, but she still wasn't certain he was entirely safe. "You're a nutter," Ron said, shaking, looking around at them for support. "I've had enough of this now. I'm off."He tried to get up on his good leg, wincing, but Remus held up a hand to him, halting him, and then raised his wand. He pointed it at Scabbers. "Remus," Harry whispered. "What are you doing?""Hear me out, Ron," Remus said slowly. "And mind you keep a strong hold on Peter while you listen.""He's not Peter!" Ron yelled. "He's Scabbers! He's my rat!" He tried hastily to shove the rat back into his front pocket, but Scabbers - Peter - was fighting too hard; Ron swayed on the spot and then tipped over, stumbling, and Calla and Harry both rushed to catch him and help him back into the bed."Just," Harry said in a whisper, "just listen to him, alright. I've no idea what's going on, but..." He met Calla's eyes and they both nodded. "He definitely believes that Scabbers is Peter Pettigrew. They were all best friends, Remus - Remus knows more than almost anyone else." He glanced back at Remus."And don't hurt your leg," Calla told him gently, stretching back up to stand."But - but there were witnesses-" Ron said shakily. "A whole street saw him die! They saw him-" he jabbed his pointed finger towards Black "kill him!""They didn't see what they thought they saw!" Black said in a savage, furious voice. Scabbers squirmed even more in Ron's hands, and Calla eyed Black nervously. He looked ready to kill the rat the moment Remus allowed him to."Everyone though Sirius killed Peter," Remus said quietly, nodding. "I believed it myself, until tonight, when I saw his name on the map. Because the Marauder's Map never lies, we made certain of that. And Peter is very much alive. You're holding him, Ron."Calla and Harry's eyes met nervously, and they both nodded an agreement. Because the rat was now squirming out of control, desperate to run away, to escape, and he only got more agitated the more Remus and Black spoke. The story made very little sense, but it was beginning to come together. Calla knew it had to be true. She could feel it. Everything she'd seen of the rat and the dog and the wolf, it was all coming together, just starting to make sense. If Peter Pettigrew was Scabbers, he was an animagus. He could have faked his death, blown up so there was no trace of him... And then what? Just scampered away and found a Wizarding family to take him in? The Weasleys seemed an awfully convenient family for Peter Pettigrew to have found, especially considering he was Ron's rat. The odds of that were so slim...Then Hermione spoke in a trembling voice, interrupting Calla's thoughts. Her words shook a little in her effort to bring back some sense of calm and sensibility. "But Professor Lupin..." Hermione said. "Remus. Calla... Harry... Scabbers can't be Peter Pettigrew. It just can't be true, you know it can't be.""And why is that, Hermione?" Remus asked calmly, as though they were still in a class. He was being very calm about all of this, Calla noted. It hadn't seemed to even have come as such a great shock to him, or maybe he was just trying very hard to keep the rest of them calm."Because..." Hermione said. "Because people would know if Peter Pettigrew was an animagus, wouldn't they? We studied animagi in class in Transfiguration, with Professor McGonagall, and I decided to look them up while I was doing my homework, it sounded like a very interesting piece of magic. And the Ministry keeps tabs on witches and wizards who can become animals, there's a register showing what they can become and their markings and things... And I - I went and looked and Professor McGonagall's name came up on the register and there have only been seven Animagi this century, and Peter Pettigrew wasn't on the list-"But a thought had occurred to Calla. "Was his?" she asked, jerking her head towards Sirius Black. Hermione blinked. "It wasn't, was it? Because then people would have known, someone would have seen the dog, we would have been told what he looked like in his other form! Because that's how he's been getting about, isn't it, and - and he can't have been registered either! And if - if they knew each other, did..." She looked at Remus, not totally sure what she was asking.He laughed, smiling. "Right again, Hermione. But Calla is correct. There used to be three unregistered Animagi running around Hogwarts, completely unknown to the Ministry." The third, she knew, had to be her father. Prongs."If you're going to tell them the story, Remus," Black snarled, eyes still fixed intently on Scabbers and watching his every terrified move, "you'd better get on with it. I've waited twelve years for this, in Azkaban. I won't wait much longer.""Alright," Remus said wearily. "But you'll need to help me, Sirius. I only know how it began..."Remus broke off suddenly, and Calla whipped around. There had been a loud creak from the hallway, just behind the door, and Calla was sure the door was further ajar than it had been. "This place is haunted!" Ron said, paling even further."No," Remus said. "This place was never haunted. Those sounds the villagers heard were me." He crept closer to the door, taking the handle. Calla stood by nervously, watching. There was another creak and, slowly, Remus opened the door. There was no one out in the hallway, not that Calla could see, but she felt a sudden unease come over her. She stepped forward, but Black put out an arm. Calla glared at him and he lowered it."This door was shut when I came up here," Remus muttered from out in the hallway. Calla took in a sharp, nervous breath. There was a creaking sound of Remus opening a door and then there was a loud yell."Stupefy!"A jet of red light sent him flying back against the wall and Calla and Harry both surged forwards, wands out and pointed as a dark shape whirled into the hallway, stalking towards them. She stared, heart hammering."Snape?""Out of my way, Potter," he snarled, pushing Harry aside as he stalked towards Sirius. "Black.""Snape." Black glared at him, his eyes full of loathing."Professor," Calla said quickly. Snape turned his head towards her. "I - I don't quite know what's happening, but - but Sirius isn't - he didn't kill Pettigrew."Snape stared at her. "What an amusing tale.""Professor, He was just trying to explain! It's Scabbers, Ron's rat! He's Peter Pettigrew, he's an animagus, he faked his death and - and framed him!""Miss Potter," Snape drawled. "Have you quite lost your senses? Black is a murderer.""I-" She opened and closed her mouth quite helplessly. "He-""Remus was explaining," Harry jumped in. "He - he knows what happened!""Lies," Snape hissed. "I have reason to believe that Professor Lupin is in cohorts with Black. Conspiring against you.""He's not!" Harry said hotly, leaping in between Snape and Black. "Just listen!""Do you believe the word of a madman and a werewolf, over mine?"They both stayed quiet, but that was their answer. Remus was stirring in the hallway, getting to his feet. Snape's wand was now aimed at Harry, and he was shaking with fury, fingers wrapped tightly around his wand like he was choking it. "Severus," came Remus' quiet voice, as he came through the doorway. "Please."Snape whirled around, black robes swirling around him, and turned his wand on Remus. Calla moves swiftly, standing in front of him. "Don't hurt him," she said quickly. "He hasn't done anything, he's just explaining!" Her eyes latched on something dangling from Snape's hand, something silver, and her heart stopped for a moment. "Why do you have that?""This," Snape said, holding up the bracelet. "A very sentimental little thing. It was most helpful in letting me know where you had gone.""Give that back," Calla found herself snarling, heart hammering in fire. He held it in his hand, eyebrows raised, and Calla lunged forward. "Give that back!""Calla," Remus said gently, grasping her arm and holding her back. "Get out of the way.""Remus!""Do as I say." His voice was sterner than ever. She gulped, and turned to her godfather, eyes wide. He nodded intently and she bit her lip as she shivered, edging away so she was out of the line of spellfire between them. "Petrificus totalus!"The spell hit Snape instantly, knocking him to the ground. Calla ran over, snatching the bracelet from between his fingers. She ran her thumb over the slim rectangular plate, the words engraved there, and held it tightly to her chest as she got to her feet. "You gave me this bracelet," she said to Black, holding it out. "Didn't you?" He nodded slowly. "Why did you have it?""Your mother never got to wear it," he said in a low voice. "Your father wanted to have it made for her, but he was house-bound, and couldn't make it to the jeweller's. So I did. I was meant to bring it to him on the first of November, just after it was finished." His eyes followed the silver. "I never got the chance."Calla's heart felt awfully heavy. She looked down at the bracelet again, holding the chain between her slim fingers, running her thumb over the engraving. For Lily."So you... Kept it? Even in Azkaban?""It had been returned to my vault after I was imprisoned," Black told her, voice hoarse. "I got Crookshanks to get the goblins to take it out a few months ago...""And gave it to me?" Calla stared at him."You seemed to like my dog form." Now all she did was glare."I don't understand," Hermione said, looking as though her not understanding was quite an awful thing indeed."No," Remus said, considering. "Nor do I.""Now you know that," Black said, eyes now uncofmortable on Calla's face, "shall we get a move on? I'd like to have him dead by the time Snape gets up."Remus sighed, and Calla folded her hand over the bracelet, slipping it into her pocket. "I suppose," he said, "this all starts with me. I was very small when I was bitten. My parents tried everything, but there was no cure in those days. The potion that Professor Snape has been making me, as Harry and Calla know, is a very recent discovery. Without it I wouldn't have been able to return to Hogwarts to teach. It keeps me safe; so long as I take it for the week leading up to the full moon, I remain a tame wolf while I transform. I am able to curl up in my office, and bear no harm to anyone."Before this, however, before the Wolfsbane Potion, I became a full fledged monster once a month. It had seemed impossible that I would be able to come to Hogwarts at all. We doubted that any of the other parents would allow their children to be near someone like me."But then Dumbledore became headmaster." He smiled weakly. "He was sympathetic towards me and my condition. He said that, so long as certain precautions were taken, there was no reason that I shouldn't be able to come to Hogwarts." He looked at Harry and Calla. "I've told you about the Whomping Willow, how it was planted for my arrival, to guard the passage to this shack. Where I could transform, out of the way." He looked around the room, eyes tired and sorrowful."My transformations were not easy, in those days. They were terrible, and painful." Remus swallowed deeply and Calla frowned in sympathy. Her mind went back to that chair downstairs, with the chunk out of it, and of the ruin of the house that wasn't only caused by aging. "I was separated from humans to bite," he went on. "So I scratched and bit at myself instead, and tore these rooms apart. The villagers heard the noise and the screaming and thought it was particularly violent, angry spirits. Dumbledore encourages the rumours to hide the truth. Even now, few dare to come anywhere near the Shrieking Shack."She tried to imagine what that must have been like. To tear at yourself so, ripping yourself apart and then waking in the morning, all alone and bleeding and exhausted. Her eyes welled."But even despite my transformation," Remus said, smiling wanly in Calla's direction, "those remained some of the best years of my life. For the first time, I had friends. Great friends. Sirius Black... Peter Pettigrew... And of course, James."But the three of them couldn't fail to notice how I disappeared each month. I made up so many stories, trying to cover it up, keep my identity a secret even from them. I said my mother was ill, that I had to go home to see her. I was terrified wat they'd do when they'd find out, what they might say, how they might turn on me. I was terrified they'd desert me, like that. But of course they, like Hermione has, worked out the truth."I expected them to turn on me. Desert me. But instead, they did something for me that would make my transformations not only bearable, but some of the best times of my life. They became Animagi.""And Dad?" Calla said, in a whisper. Remus had never mentioned that before, not ever. She stared at him, waiting for an answer."Yes," he said. "James, too. It took them the best part of three years to work out how to do it. Your father and Sirius were the cleverest students in the school, which was very lucky. The Animagus transformation is one of the trickiest to complete and it can often go horribly, horribly wrong. It's part of why the Ministry keeps such a close eye on those who attempt the magic. Peter needed all the help he could get from James and Sirius." Scabbers wriggled almost indignantly in Ron's hands. "Finally, in our fifth year, they managed to pull it off. They could, each of them, turn into a different animal, at will.""To keep you company?" Calla asked, pieces fitting together. And her father, she thought. He had to be prongs, she was sure, but what animal had he been? "As animals?"Remus nodded. "But what help would that be?" Hermione asked, frowning."Werewolves attack humans," Remus explained. "Not animals. In their Animagi forms, my friends were quite safe. Every full moon they snuck out of the castle under James' Invisibility Cloak." He nodded to where it still lay on the floor. "They transformed... Peter's rat form was the smallest, so he was able to sneak beneath the willow's branches instead of getting hurt and could touch the knotthat freezes it. Then the others would slip in through the tunnel to join me. Under their influence, I became a less dangerous wolf. I was still a wolf, of course, but my mind seemed to become less wolfish when I was with them.""Hurry up, Remus," Black snarled unexpectedly, and Calla jumped. It seemed his gaze had returned to Scabbers and never left. He looked hungry."I'm getting there, Sirius, I'm getting there." Remus shook his head. "There were some very exciting possibilities open to us now that we were all able to transform. We started leaving the Shack and exploring the Hogwarts grounds and Hogsmeade by night. Sirius and James both transformed into large animals, large enough that they could keep a fully grown werewolf like me in check. I doubt anyone ever found out more about the grounds and Hogsmeade than we did." He nodded to Calla. "That's how the map came about. We all signed it with our nicknames.""Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs," Harry recited, and Remus nodded."I was Moony, as you know. Peter was Wormtail, Sirius Padfoot, and James was Prongs.""What sort of animal-""That was still really dangerous!" Hermione said, cutting Harry off. Calla shot her a look. "Running around in the dark, and with a werewolf on the loose! What if you'd give the others the slip? What if you'd bitten someone?""He didn't," Calla muttered to Hermione."The thought," Remus said heavily, "still haunts me. There were many near misses, far too many. We laughed about them afterwards. We were young and thoughtless, and carried away with ourselves and our own cleverness.""Of course I often felt guilty about betraying Dumbledore's trust. He was the first headmaster who would have allowed me to attend Hogwarts in the first place, and if he'd known I was breaking all of his rules - the rules that had been set down for other people's safety - and that I had led my friends astray too, three other students becoming unregistered Animagi... And yet, I managed to forget. When we sat down, to plan our next adventure for the month. And I'm afraid I haven't changed..."Remus' face hardened and at the look of self disgust in his eyes Calla wanted nothing more than to run back over to him, to do something. But she felt rooted to the spot. "All this year, I have been battling with myself over whether I should tell Dumbledore that Sirius is an Animagus. But I didn't do it. Why? Because I was too cowardly. It would have meant admitting everything, that I had betrayed his trust when I was at school, even after everything he did for me. Dumbledore's trust has always meant everything to me. He gave me an education when I was a boy, and later he has given me a job, when I have been shunned all my adult life, barely managing to keep work and a roof over my head, because of what I am. He gave me a fresh start, the ability to help myself and to help you." He looked at Harry and Calla then, eyes wide. "So that I might be able to care for you as I have been trying to be able to for many years."And so I convinced myself Sirius was using dark magic to get into the school, learned from Voldemort, rather than his Animagus form... Or the old passages. I hoped Dumbledore already knew about those, so that I needn't admit to all we had done.""Remus," Calla whispered, feeling a jolting sickness. She'd spoken to him about those passages, had asked if he thought it was safe, if Sirius Black was using them. He said he'd thought Dumbledore might still believe Black innocent, that he already knew and hadn't done anything, that there was no evidence of him having used the passage. The floor suddenly felt a little less solid."Perhaps I was a coward," he said quietly. "Perhaps I should have admitted to my betrayal of Dumbledore's trust. Perhaps the castle would have been safer.""You said you thought Dumbledore thought he might still be innocent," Harry said, voice shaking in confusion."A part of me, perhaps... Hoped." He shook his head. "In a way, Snape has been right about me all along. He's teaching here, Sirius.""I'd gathered," Black croaked, staring at where Snape's body lay stiffly on the floorboards. "I can't imagine Snivellus... Teaching.""I already told you Professor Snape attended school with us, Harry, Calla. He didn't like us then, and he still hates me even now." He shook his head heavily, eyes tired. "He has voiced his opinion many a time against my appointment to the Defense Against the Dark Arts Post. He believed, as he has just demonstrated, that I have been helping Sirius into the castle, to hurt you. But he has his reasons not to trust us... You see, when we were younger, Sirius played a trick on him. A trick that involved me. It nearly got him killed." Pain at the memory flashed across his face and Calla turned a glare on Black. What had he done, that had almost killed Snape, that had involved Remus?"Served him right," Black said, with a disgusted look at Snape's body. "Always sneaking around after us, as he was, always trying to find a way to get us expelled. He was jealous of James, of his success on the Quidditch field. He was always jealous of the four of us.""Yes," Remus said quietly. "But one night, Snape had seen Madam Pomfrey leading me across the grounds to the Whomping Willow, to transform. Sirius thought it would be - er - amusing to tell Snape all he had to do was to prod the knot at the base of the tree with a long stick and he'd be able to get in after me." Calla gasped shallowly. Black has done that? She shouldn't be surprised, if she believed he was a murderer but - but Remus still trusted him. But she could see where the story was going. "Well, of course, Snape tried it. If he'd gotten as far as this house, he would have met with me as a full transformed werewolf." Calla shivered at the thought of that. What age must they have been? Only a few years older than she was. "Fortunately, you father found out what Sirius had done, and ran down to stop it. He pulled Snape back, at a great risk to his own life. But the damage was done. Snape had already seen me, and he knew what I was.""He could have died," Calla said hollowly. She stared at Sirius Black, who was looking gaunt. "You expect us to trust you, you could have killed him! If my father hadn't stopped it!""It was a long time ago," Remus said heavily. But she could see it wasn't long enough ago that he could let it go."And that's why Snape doesn't like you?" Harry asked. "Because he thought you were in on the joke."There was a creaking sound. Calla shivered, as Snape sat up slowly, and she stepped back sharply from him. "That's right," he said, getting creakily to his feet. Everyone stared at him, too transfixed to move. Ron, Hermione, Calla and Harry were all still reeling, and Sirius Black's eyes had returned furiously to Scabbers.Before anyone could do anything, Snape had grabbed his wand and with a bang, vines shot out from the end of it, wrapping around Remus' mouth and hands. Calla screamed, stumbling back. "What are you doing?" she shouted. "You just heard-""I've heard all I need to hear," Snape said softly, eyes turned viciously on her. She shuddered, feeling cold, gripped by something icy. "That Lupin has been keeping things from Dumbledore. Secrets that allowed Black to infiltrate the castle-""Weren't you listening? That's not-"Black had ran at Snape suddenly, and Harry and Hermione both yelled as they tried to stop him, or stop Snape, she wasn't sure on that. "Wait!" she yelled, as Snape whirled around on them, his wand pointed right between Harry's eyes. "Don't hurt him!""Get out of the way, Potter," Snape said slowly."Let Remus go!" Calla shouted at him, eyes stinging with fury. "He'll explain, weren't you listening?""We've already told you!" Harry was yelling. "Pettigrew - Pettigrew's alive!" He looked at Calla nervously, neither of them entirely certain of the truth but still determined to believe Remus."A clever lie," Snape said, shoving Harry out of the way. He advanced towards Black, who was glaring at him furiously, unarmed. "Designed to fool young and gullible wizards.""Professor Snape," Hermione said nervously. "It - it wouldn't hurt to hear what they have to say, would it?""Miss Granger, you are all already facing suspension from the school," Snape spat. "You are out of bounds, late at night, in the company of a convicted murderer and a werewolf. For once in your life, hold your tongue."Calla crept around the back of Snape, where Remus was still tied and bound on the floor. She hoped her friends would stall until she could come up with something, until Remus could convince him. "But if - if there has been a m-mistake-""KEEP QUIET, YOU STUPID GIRL!" Snape shouted, and anger flared in Calla. She gritted her teeth as she pulled at the ropes around Remus' wrists. The wouldn't untie; she'd need to slice them. "DON'T TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!"There was a broken shard of what might been glass on the edge of the wall. As quietly as she could, Calla crept over to it, taking it."Vengeance is sweet," Snape said softly to Black. When Calla looked up she saw his wand sparking in his face. "How I hoped I would be the one to catch you.""The joke's on you again, Severus," said Black coldly. "As long as this boy takes his rat up to the castle..."To the castle? Where you will tell your ridiculous tale? The Minister won't believe it," Snape told Black softly, and Calla saw him shudder. She crawled over to Remus, using the edge of the glass to try and cut through the ropes. It was entirely innefectual. "The Dementors will not care." Snape's lips curved into a sinister smile. "I expect they will be very pleased to see you, Black. They might even give you a little... Kiss.""The rat-" Black croaked desperately, as Calla tried sawing at the ropes. It was doing nothing of use. "The rat - if you'd only look at the rat-""Come on all of you," Snape said, voice harsh. He didn't seem like he was willing to listen to reason at all. He clicked his fingers and the ends of the ropes that held Remus flew to his hands, shooting past Calla. She swung around, and he stared at her. "Miss Potter, cease what you are doing. I'll take the werewolf. Perhaps the Dementors will see him, too."Before Calla knew what she was doing, her anger had overtaken her. She flung herself at Snape, snatching the ropes away. "HOW DARE YOU!" she shouted, and he glared at her with a mad glint in his eye. "HOW DARE YOU! YOU'VE BEEN TRYING ALL YEAR TO GET HIM FIRED, ALL BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T LIKE HIM WHEN YOU WERE YOUNGER, BCAUSE OF SOMETHING THAT WAS NEVER HIS FAULT!" She was still holding the bit of glass, and she flung it to the side where it sounded like it shattered. "LET HIM GO AND LISTEN FOR ONCE!""Step aside, Miss Potter," Snape said lowly. She stayed right where she was. "I said, step aside." When she didn't, he raised his wand towards her and she tried to steady her breathing, to not let on that she was terrified. "I have just saved your neck, Miss Potter. Step aside now, before you come to any more harm."She wouldn't let him use a spell. Calla grabbed his wrist, shoving him backwards. He was stronger than she was, but she'd surprised him; his wand fell from his grasp and his eyes opened wide in shock. "How dare you," he spat. "You should be thanking me for saving your life." She bent down, grabbing his wand and backed away. "Black would have killed you, and you would have died with your brother, as arrogant as your father, too arrogant to think you may be wrong about the company you keep.""DON'T YOU DARE TALK ABOUT OUR FATHER!" Harry bellowed.Everyone was staring at her, and she pointed her wand at Remus. There was one of few spells she knew she could perform correctly. "Finite!" she shouted, and the ropes snapped away from Remus. He struggled to his feet, and Snape seemed to be spitting as he ran at Calla, taking his wand back. Her nails scrabbled at his arm, but he was too strong, and she was flung against the wall, head slamming hard against it. The world spun and went quiet and then roared back into life again as the room blazed with red light and Snape was flung on his back. His wand landed next to Crookshanks, and Harry was panting as both he and Remus ran over to Calla.She'd slumped down on the floor, and caught her breath hastily. Her head felt numb, and her vision wasn't where it ought to be. Black appeared in her vision, forehead creased at her and then at Harry. "You shouldn't have done that," he told Harry. "You should have left him to me.""You'd have killed him," Calla croaked, squeezing her eyes shut."I'm surprised that didn't kill you," Black croaked back, and a shiver went down Calla's spine."That's enough, Sirius," said Remus, as Harry took Calla's hand. She stumbled awkwardly to her feet, and the world began falling back into place."We attacked a teacher," Hermione was saying breathlessly. "We attacked a teacher. We're going to be in so much trouble.""You disarmed him," Calla said, a little shakily as Harry guided her to the bed. Both Matilda and Crookshanks mewed loudly, clambering into her lap. "I think... Ow."Remus gave her a worried look. "I'll be alright. Give me a minute for my head to stop hurting.""It's about time we showed you the truth," Black said, standing back and looking around at them. "You. Give me the rat."

Ron was shaking as he held Scabbers tighter to his chest. Calla moaned. "Just give him the rat, Ron.""No!" Ron said indignantly. "I - I still don't trust you. Professor Lupin, you - you don't know what you're talking about! He's a rat, he's just a rat, he's my rat! He's rubbish, he's not a - an animagus!""I'm afraid he is," Remus said softly. "Give us Peter, Ron, and you'll see.""This is mad!" Ron was still insisting. Calla rested her head against one of the bedposts, and it still thumped as she squeezed her eyes shut, her blood roaring in her ears. "He's Scabbers! You - you really broke out of Azkaban to - to kill Scabbers? I - I mean, there's millions of rats. How's he meant to know which is Scabbers, if he's been locked up in Azkaban for so long!""That is a fair question, Ron," Remus said. "How did you know it was him, Sirius?"There was a rustling of crumpled paper as Black took something out of his pocket. Remus let out a small sigh."It was in the Daily Prophet," Sirius Black's hoarse voice was saying. "When Fudge came to Azkaban last year, he brought the paper with him, and I - I saw the photo, and I saw him. I asked for a closer look, said I liked the crossword and I looked at it. And I knew it - I knew it was him, Remus. See his front paw? There's one toe missing there, see.""Yeah?" Ron said defiantly. "He's always been missing that toe."Calla cracked her eyes open, staring. The photo of the Weasleys in Egypt was in Remus' hand, and he was staring at it like he had seen a ghost. "My God," he said, looking up at them. "That was all they found of Peter Pettigrew..." Calla took in a deep breath. "His finger. Of course. So brilliant. He cut it off himself?" Calla shuddered at the thought. That was horrible."Just before he transformed," said Black. "When I cornered him he yelled for the whole street to hear that I'd betrayed James and Lily, as if I would! I didn't even get the chance to curse him before he blasted the street and those Muggles to pieces, with the wand he had behind his back. He killed everyone within twenty feet of himself. And then he transformed and ran down to the sewers. With the other rats." He spat the last few words, face contorted in hatred, and Calla felt suddenly certain of Sirius Black's words."But - but Scabbers... Look, he probably just had a fight with another rat or something! He's been a good rat, he has, he bit Goyle for us once, didn't he, Harry?" Harry stared at him. "He's been in my family for ages, right-""Twelve years," Remus said quietly. "Isn't it? Awfully long time for a garden right.""We took good care of him!" Ron insisted. "He was Percy's first, too, he always took care of him, he's lived a good life! He's not - he's not Peter Pettigrew!" He was holding the shaking rat to his chest. "I swear it, he's not!""He's been ill, though," Calla said quietly from the bed. "You said he's been ill since Egypt. That was... That was when he... Broke out."Ron was staring at her. "Calla! You can't be serious!""I'd guess he's been losing weight ever since he heard Sirius was on the run," Remus told Ron. He was still awfully calm about everything, or trying to be, at least. "He isn't looking very well, now, is he?""You leave Scabbers alone!" Ron said, scrambling away. "He's not - you've gone mad. It's been Crookshanks, not him, that mad cat's been chasing him all year! Harry, Harry, tell him, they'll listen to you! Crookshanks kept attacking him, that's why he's been so stressed out! Scabbers is a good rat! They've got the wrong rat!"But it wasn't just Crookshanks, Calla thought. Scabbers had been ill even before than, that was why they'd gone to get the rat tonic. And, she thought, the shopkeeper had said that Crookshanks was very intelligent. The two cats, as if on cue, purred in Calla's lap."That cat isn't mad," Sirius Black croaked hoarsely. He reached out a bony hand to stroke Crookshanks' head and Calla stared at him, hardly daring to move even though she was beginning to believe it, and to believe him. Everything was making sense. It all added up. "He's the most intelligent of his kind I've ever met." Matilda hissed. "And Calla's cat's very smart too. But Crookshanks recognises Peter for what he was the moment he saw him, and when he saw me, he knew too, that I was no dog. It took a while for him to trust me, but when he did he began to help me. Once I was able to communicate with him, he started helping me...""What do you mean?" Hermione asked. "Helping you how?""He tried to bring Peter to me but couldn't. So he brought me the passwords for the Gryffindor Common Room, stole them from a boy's bedside table, I believe-""Neville," Calla said shortly. "Neville's table, wasn't it?"Black looked at her. "Peter got wind of what was going on," he said slowly, "and he ran for it. This cat, Crookshanks you call him, told me Peter had left blood on his sheets. I suppose he'd bit himself. Well, faking his own death had worked once before, hadn't it? Why not again?""Faked his own death so you wouldn't kill him," Harry said furiously. He looked at Remus. "So he's alive, that doesn't make him innocent!""No," Remus said sternly. "Harry...""You kept following me," Calla said. "Us. Magnolia Crescent, and Harry said he saw you at the Quidditch match, and - and Crookshanks and Matilda led me to you that night. And that day by the forest." He could have killed him any of those times, and he didn't."You seemed to take to me better," Black said. "And your little kitten - Matilda, did you call her? - got along with the cat, and so did that owl. I thought I ought to see if you'd trust me. If I could, in the end, reveal myself, tell you the truth." She could only stare at him. "But I didn't come here to explain things. The time has long passed for that. I came here for the rat.""No!" Harry shouted, and Calla startled. "I mean, you - you can't!""Harry," Remus said. "We thought for so long that Sirius betrayed James and Lily, and that Peter had tracked him down and confronted him, but it was the other way about. Wasn't it? Don't you see? Peter betrayed your mother and father. Sirius tracked him down.""But - but how?" Calla asked, looking between them both. "I thought-""But he said so!" Harry yelled, eyes pleading. "Before you came here, Remus, he said he killed them, he admitted it!""Harry," Black croaked, shaking his head very slowly, his eyes too bright and his face too pale. "I as good as killed them. I persuaded Lily and James to switch the Secret Keeper to Peter at the last minute, persuaded them to use him instead of me. I was a coward. I thought I would be too obvious, that Voldemort would come after me. I'm to blame... was meant to check on Peter, the night your parents died. I went to see him, check on him, Make sure he was still safe, but he was gone. Yet there was no sign of a struggle, and then I went to the house, to Godric's Hollow and when I saw it, destroyed, I - I knew. I saw their bodies and I realised what - what Peter had done. What I'd done."His voice broke; he was shaking now, all over, like a hanging skeleton about to fall apart. "Enough," Remus said, voice unusually steely. "There is one way to settle this. To know for sure. Ron, give me that rat.""What are you going to do to him?" Ron asked, shrinking back."Force him to show himself," Remus said tensely. "If he really is a rat, then it won't hurt him.""You - you're sure?" Ron said, shivering. "You won't hurt him!" Remus nodded and at long last, Ron held Scabbers out to Remus, who took him.Scabbers started to squeal, twisting and turning every way he could, trying to slip out from Remus' grip, his black eyes bulging out of his head. "Ready, Sirius?" Remus asked, and Calla shuddered as Black reached to take Snape's wand from the bed. She stared up at him, half terrified of knowing the truth. But she knew they had to know."Together?" Black said, eyes looking like they were burning with anger and determination. For vengeance."I think so," Remus said quietly. He held Scabbers tightly in one hand and his wand in the other, and the rat squirmed, squealing. "On the count of three." Calla shut her eyes; she wasn't sure she wanted to see what would happen. "One, two - THREE!"She could still see the flash of light before her eyes, and heard Ron's yell. "Scabbers!" Calla opened her eyes just enough to see as the rat hovered, frozen in the air, and then thumped back onto the ground. She gave a little squeal, pulling her legs up onto the bed and dislodging Crookshanks and Matilda, who both leapt off the bed and padded over to where Scabbers lay. There was a moment of silence before another blinding flash of light, and Calla jumped, and then-The rat was growing. Not just growing, changing at the same time. A head shot up from the ground with matted hair, and limbs sprouted from a furry body and the next thing Calla knew, there was a man standing there in front of them, cringing and wringing his hands, looking absolutely terrified for his life. Crookshanks was spitting at him, snarling, and Matilda turned to look at Calla with wide eyes.The man was very short, and had the appearance of someone who had once been plump and lost a lot of weight in a very short space of time. His face was a little squished, and rather than a beard he seemed to still have whiskers, and his whole body shrank on itself, it seemed, like it wished to be as small as a rat. His face was grubby like Scabbers' fur, and his features remained rat-like; his small, watery eyes, his pointed nose, his little mouth. He looked around shakily at them all, eyes darting to the door and back again. It was him, Calla knew. She curled her fingers around her wand, which was next to her on the bed."Well, hello, Peter," Remus said in a pleasant sort of way, not sounding particularly shocked at all. "Long time, no see.""R-Remus," Pettigrew squeaked, opening his arms. "S-Sirius. My old friends."He made a move forward, and Black raised his wand as Remus pushed Pettigrew back again. His eyes darted wildly to the door. Remus' hand was around Black's wrist, keeping him from using any spells. Yet."We've been having a little chat, Peter, about the events of the night James and Lily died. You may have missed some of the finer points, squealing around on that bed.""Remus," gasped Pettigrew. "You don't believe what he's saying, do you? You - you can't believe him! He tried to kill me, Remus!""So we've heard," Remus said coldly. "I have one or two small matters I'd like to clear up with you, Peter, if you'd be so kind.""He's come to kill me again!" Pettigrew squealed. "He's going to kill me, Remus, Remus, you can't let him! He killed Lily and James and now he's going to kill me, too, Remus, you have to help me!"But it was adamantly clear that Remus was not going to help him. "No one's going to kill you until we've sorted a few things out," he said lowly. Black's eyes darted to Remus and then back again."Sorted things out?" Pettigrew squealed, eyes darting about. "I knew he'd come after me! I knew he'd be out again, on the loose, mad! I knew he'd be back for me! I've been waiting for this for twelve years! Remus!""You knew Sirius was going to break out of Azkaban?" Remus asked, his brow furrowed. Pettigrew's eyes darted to Calla and she shuddered, shuffling over closer to where Harry was standing. "Break out of Azkaban, when no one was done so before?""He has Dark Powers!" Pettigrew exclaimed, pointing a shaky, claw-like finger. "Powers the rest of cannot imagine, tricks he was taught by He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named! That's how he got out, it's the only way, how else? He's mad, Remus, you know the Dark magic his family used! It's him, he's going to kill me!"Black started to laugh; it was a cold laugh, the kind that doesn't feel any humour, and it filled the room. Calla shivered uneasily and she quietly beckoned Matilda back onto the bed beside her. "Voldemort taught me tricks?" Black said, and Pettigrew flinched. "What? Afraid to hear your old Master's name? I don't blame you, Peter. Your lot aren't very happy with you are they?""Don't know - what you mean - Sirius-" Pettigrew muttered, twitching as he shuffled back. "Don't - don't have any - idea - what you're - on about-" he was breathing very, very quickly, and his forehead shone with sweat."You haven't been hiding from me from twelve years," snarled Black. "You've been hiding from Azkaban, from your Death Eater friends. I've heard them talking in there, Peter, in their sleep. They're furious with you. They think the double crosser's double crossed them. Think you tricked Voldemort, sent him to his death that Halloween night. And not all of Voldemort's supporters ended up in Azkaban, did they? No, there are plenty still out there, biding their time and pretending they know nothing, but there are plenty who'd love to get their hands on you. If they ever got the slightest wind that you were still alive, Peter..."Pettigrew whimpered pathetically. "I don't - know - what - you're - talking about!" he said shrilly, backing away. He wiped his face on his sleeve, looking up at Remus. "You believe me, don't you, Remus? You can't believe this - this madness!""I must admit, Peter, I have difficulty in understand why an innocent man would choose to spend twelve years of his life pretending to be a rat," Remus said evenly."Innocent, but scared!" Pettigrew squealed. "If Voldemort's supporters really were after me, it would be because I put one of their best spies into their Azkaban, Sirius Black!"Black's face twisted with hatred. "How dare you," he growled, suddenly looking very much more like the massive dog he turned into. "I, a spy for Voldemort? When did I ever sneak around people who were stronger and more powerful than myself? But you, Peter - oh, I'll never understand why I didn't see you were the dog from the start! You always liked big friends who'd look after you, didn't you? It used to be us, didn't it? Me and Remus... And James."Pettigrew again wiped the sweat off his face, and panted desperately for breath, looking quite pained. "Me? A spy - must be out of your mind... I never... Don't know how you can say such a thing...""Lily and James only made you Secret Keeper because I suggested it," Black hissed venomously. Pettigrew took another stumbling step backwards, sweating profusely. "I thought it was the perfect plan... An excellent bluff... Voldemort would be sure to come after me... Would never dream they'd use a talentless, pathetic, cowardly thing like you ... It must have been the finest moment of your miserable little life, wasn't it, telling Voldemort you could hand him the Potters."Pettigrew kept muttering, eyes darting around nervously to the windows and the walls, his face going ashen and his hands shaking. Calla clung tightly to Matilda."Remus," Hermione said timidly, stepping forward. "Can - can I say something?""Certainly, Hermione," Remus said, not sounding very surprised that she had something to say. But Calla stared at her curiously, not sure at all what might come out."Well, see, Scabbers - I mean, this, this man - has been sleeping in Harry's dormitory for three years now. If he'd wanted to hurt Harry, if he really was working with You-Know-Who, how come he's never tried to hurt him before now?""See!" Pettigrew said, latching onto her words immediately. "Exactly! You see, Remus, see? I have never hurt a hair on Harry's head, or Calla's! Why should I?""I'll tell you why," said Black, advancing on him menacingly. "Because you never did anything for anyone unless you could see that there was something better in it for you. Voldemort's been in hiding for twelve years, they say he's half dead."In hiding. Half dead. Those words rang in Calla's ears as she stared at Black. "You weren't about to commit murder right under Albus Dumbledore's nose, were you? For a wreck of a wizard who'd lost all of his power! You'd want to be quite sure he was the biggest bully in the playground before you went back to him, weren't you? Why else would you find the Weasleys, a wizard family to take you in, rather than living on a street or with some Muggles? No, you wanted to keep an eye out, keep watch and keep your eyes open to hear of any news, any stirrings from your master and his old supporters. Just in case your old protector gained strength again, just in case it was safe again to rejoin him..."Pettigrew gaped, opening and closing his mouth several times. It seemed the rat had nothing else left to say."Er - Mr Black - Sirius?" Hermione said timidly. Calla stared at her, the way she'd addressed him. Black had jumped at it, too, like he wasn't used to being addressed like that. He looked at Hermione like being spoken to politely was only a distant memory, long since forgotten. "If you don't mind my asking," Hermione went on, "how did you get out of Azkaban, if you didn't use any Dark magic?""Thank you!" Pettigrew gasped as though he had been frowning and had just come up for water. "Thank you, exactly! That is precisely what I-"Remus silenced him with a sharp look. Black was frowning at Hermione, as though pondering his answer for a very long time, and Matilda mewed curiously towards him. "I don't quite know how I did it," he said very slowly. "I think the only reason I never lost my mind is because I knew I was innocent. That wasn't a happy thought, so the Dementors couldn't suck it out of me. But it kept me sane and knowing who I am... It helped me keep my power... So that when it all became too much for me... I could transform in my cell... Become a dog. Dementors can't see, you know..." He swallowed deeply, wincing. "They feel their way towards people. They sense their emotions... They could tell that my feelings were less human ... Less... Complex, when I was a dog. But they thought, of course, that I was simply... Losing my mind, like everyone else in there... So it didn't trouble them. But I was weak, so very weak, and without a wand I had no way of driving them away from me... I couldn't do anything..."But then I saw Peter in that photo," he said, a little colour and fire flickering back into his hollow eyes, "I realised that he was at Hogwarts with Harry and Calla... That he was perfectly positioned to act, if word ever reached him that his precious Dark Lord might be returning to power... Ready to strike the moment that he could be sure that he had allies... So that he could deliver the last Potters to them... If he gave them Harry and Calla, who would dare to say that he'd betrayed Voldemort? He'd be welcomed back with honours into their ranks..."So you see, I had to do something. I was the only one who knew that Peter was still alive."Hermione had said something earlier, when she was busy accusing Remus - it felt so long ago - that she'd heard the Minister saying something... That he kept saying it, over and over. He's at Hogwarts. Not Harry, not Remus. Peter Pettigrew."I believe you," Calla whispered. Everyone turned to him, and Black stared at her, mouth open, eyes wide. "I - I believe you.""Thank you," he croaked, eyes wet. "Thank you, Calla.""I-" Harry started. "I don't under-""I knew I had to stop him," Black said. "Knew I had to make sure you two were safe, that he was away from you. I'd kill him, carry out the murder I was blamed for. So when the Dementors opened by cell to bring me my food, I slipped past them as a dog... It's so much harder for them to sense animal emotions, they're not made for it... They were confused... I was thin, very thin... Thin enough to slip through the bars... I swam all the way back to shore... I had to see you, know you were alive, and I heard you mention Remus and I knew you would be for now... So then I journeyed North and slipped inside the Hogwarts grounds disguised as a dog... I've been living in the forest ever since... Except when I came to see the Quidditch, Of course, and when I saw Calla... You fly excellently, Harry," he said. "Just as your father did..." He held Harry's gaze. "Believe me. Believe me, I did not betray James and Lily. I would have died before I betrayed them."And finally, to Calla's relief, Harry nodded. "No!" Pettigrew shouted, falling to his knees. He shuffled forward on the dusty floor, grovelling, his hands clasped in front of him as though he was praying, and he shook, swaying where he knelt. "Sirius- it's me, Peter, your friend!" Black kicked out at him. "Ron!" Pettigrew whined. "Ron, I was your rat! I was a good rat, wasn't I, you said so, please, please!"But Ron was recoiling, disgusted by Pettigrew. He stared at him, horrified. "Remus!" Pettigrew squealed. "Remus, please! Wouldn't you know if they had changed the plan?""Not if Sirius believed me to be the spy," Remus said lowly, and Calla's breath caught. The final pieces clicked into place, and her eyes fixed themselves on Pettigrew's shivering form. "I assume that is why you didn't tell me, Sirius?""Forgive me, Remus," said Black."Not at all, Padfoot, old friend." He was rolling up his sleeves now, holding his wand tightly. Calla's gut twisted but she knew what they'd do, and what had to be done. She'd seen that vision, of the rat in the forest and that horrible, broken skeleton. She was sure now what it meant. If they let the rat live, he'd have nowhere to go but scurrying back to his master. "And Sirius, will you in turn, forgive me for believing you were the spy?""Of course," said Black, and a grin ghosted his gaunt and tired face. "Shall we kill him together?""Yes, I think so," Remus said grimly, and Calla squeezed her eyes shut. She knew it had to be done, but she didn't want to see it."You wouldn't... You won't!" She could hear Pettigrew scrambling on the floor."Ron! Ron, haven't I been a good friend, a good pet? You won't let them kill me! Ron, you're on my side, aren't you?""I let you sleep in my bed!" Ron cried, sounding revolted."Kind boy..." Pettigrew was saying, "kind master... You won't let them do it. I was your rat... I was a good rat...""If you were a better rat than person, that's not much to boast about."She heard a thud, and scrambling on the ground, and a Hermione-like squeal. "Sweet girl... clever girl... you won't let them... help me..."She could hear him move again, coming closer, and breathed heavily, not daring to look at him, just cringing backwards. "Calla... Calla... You always liked me, didn't you? Kind girl, smart girl, so much like your mother... You have her eyes..." She felt a hand on her ankle. Calla shrieked at him, kicking back."HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO CALLA?" Sirius roared. "HOW DARE YOU TALK ABOUT LILY?""Harry..." Pettigrew was saying, sobbing. Calla shivered on the bed. "Harry, Harry you look so much like your father. James wouldn't have wanted me killed. James would have understood, Harry, he would have shown me mercy..."There was a thud as Pettigrew was thrown back onto the floor. Matilda whimpered, curling up in Calla's arms."You sold Lily and James to Voldemort," said Black, voice shaking. "Do you deny it?"There was a wail as Pettigrew burst into tears and Calla squeezed her eyes shut even tighter. She wanted it to be over, wanted to leave this awful room and forget. Just do it, she pleaded silently. Just let it end."Sirius," Pettigrew was wailing. "Sirius, what could I have done? The Dark Lord... He has weapons... You can't imagine, Sirius... I was scared, I was so scared... I was never brave like you and Remus and James were... I never meant it to happen... He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named forced me...""DON'T LIE!" Sirius shouted, and Calla jumped, squeezing Matilda tightly. She couldn't watch this and she wished she couldn't hear it, she just wanted it to be done. "YOU'D BEEN PASSING INFORMATION TO HIM FOR A YEAR BEFORE LILY AND JAMES MADE YOU THEIR SECRET KEEPER! YOU WERE HIS SPY!""He - he was taking over everywhere!" Pettigrew grasped. "Wh-what was there to be gained by refusing him?"Calla shuddered on the bed, feeling tears stinging her eyes and beginning to spill over her cheeks. Her head was pounding, and she felt cold. It had to stop, just stop. This place was bearing down on her, and there was a lump stuck in her throat. She wanted to go, and she didn't want to actually see him die."What was there to be gained by refusing the most evil wizard who ever existed?" Black bellowed, voice shaking with fury. "Only innocent lives, Peter!""You don't understand!" Pettigrew whined. "He would have killed me, Sirius!""THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED!" Black bellowed. "YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS AS ANY OF US WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU!""You should have realised," Remus said quietly, with such an awful edge to his voice that it made Calla want to scream, "that if Voldemort didn't kill you, we would." She shook, squeezing her eyes tight shut and looking down. She didn't want to see that green light; clamped her hands over her ears so she wouldn't hear the spell. There was a muffled sound of Remus' voice and then a yell - from Harry.She didn't dare look, but she took her hands away form her ears. "You can't kill him," he said breathlessly. They had to, Calla whined inwardly, but she didn't want them to, not at all, not here, not now. "You can't.""Harry," Black snarled, "This vermin is the reason you have no parents. This cringing bit of filth would have seen you and your sister die too, without turning a hair. You heard him. His own skin meant more to him than your entire family did.""I know," Harry panted, rather shakily. "We'll take him up to the castle and hand him over to the Dementors. He can go to Azkaban, but ... Just don't kill him.""Harry!" Pettigrew gasped, and Calla cringed at the sound. She still hardly dared to look at the scene before her. Remus had been about to kill someone. Even if it was Pettigrew... "You - thank you - it's more than I deserve - thank you.""Get off me," Harry muttered. "I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing it because I don't think my parents would have wanted Remus and Sirius to become killers. And I don't think Calla does, either." She nodded silently from the bed. "Not for you."The only sound Calla could hear was Pettigrew wheezing, trying to catch his breath. Then she heard a sigh. "You're the ones who truly have the right to decide," she heard Black say. "But think... Harry, Calla, think what he did.""He can go to Azkaban," Harry said firmly. "If anyone deserves to go to that place, then it's him.""Very well," Remus said. "Stand aside, Harry. I'm just going to tie him up."She heard footsteps and then someone laid a hand on her shoulder. Her eyes snapped open, and it was just Harry. She shivered as she sat up straight, watching Remus and Sirius set about tying ropes around the still shaking Pettigrew, and Ron and Hermione both staring, white-faced, by the wall.Black's wand was still pointed down at Pettigrew. "If you transform, Peter," he said. "Understand, we will kill you. Do you agree, Harry, Calla?"Harry nodded, and Calla did the same nervously. But she wasn't sure Azkaban would be right for Pettigrew; if Black could transform to escape, so could he. She hated the thought of either of the other two options, though. Death or - or the Dementor's Kiss."Right," Remus said, taking on his professor voice again. "Ron, I can't mend bones nearly as well as Madam Pomfrey can, nor would I want to try right now. I think it's best if we strap your leg up before we take you to the Hospital Wing.""Remus," Calla whispered quietly, eyes urgent. Her godfather frowned and gave Ron a quick nod before he came over."Are you hurt, Calla?" She shook her head."I... He needs to have the Kiss," she said, choking on the words. His eyes widened. "I - I know it isn't right, but neither's killing him, but if he goes to Azkaban, he can break out again, and - and I've had a vision and he... He'll go back to him, with no other option." She shook her head violently from side to side. "We can't let him, Remus, w-we-""Shh." He placed a warm hand on her arm. "It's alright. We'll handle it.""But-""Calla," Remus told her gently. "It'll all be okay. I'll speak to Dumbledore and Fudge, we'll make sure he can't go back to Voldemort." Pettigrew gave a squeal and Black shot him a venomous look. Calla wiped at her tear stained cheeks and nodded, swallowing the lump in her throat. "Come on. Let's get you to your feet."She stood up, still managing to hold Matilda. She was a little wobbly, and her head still hurt, but she managed it. Remus set about strapping Ron's leg, and Harry and Hermione came to Calla's side."What about Professor Snape?" Hermione asked in a small voice, pointing to his body. In everything, Calla had quite forgotten he was there."There's nothing seriously wrong with him," Remus said, bending over Snape and examining him, taking his pulse. "You were just a little, er, enthusiastic. Perhaps it may be bee if we wait to revive him until we're safely back in the castle. We can take him up like this.""Mobilicorpus," Remus muttered, and as though held by invisible puppet strings, Snape was hauled up into the air, hanging vertically with his head lolling about helplessly. Calla cringed at the sight, turning away. She picked up the Invisibility Cloak, tucking it into her pocket, and put the wand in her other one so that she could carry Matilda, who she didn't want to get lost in the tunnels.Crookshanks padded over to them, sniffed Matilda, and then mewed, nodding. "Two of us should be chained to this," Black said, nudging Pettigrew with his foot. "Just to be sure.""I'll do it," said Lupin."And me," said Ron fiercely, face set harshly as he wobbled over. It appeared he'd taken the reveal of Scabbers' true identity as a personal offence.Black conjured thick, heavy-looking manacles from the air, and secured them around Remus, Pettigrew and Ron.Then Crookshanks leapt off of the bed, padded softly over to the door with his tail waving high in the air, and led them all out.

Calla was sure that, to any outsider who were to happen upon them in the tunnels, they would have looked a very strange group indeed. Up front was Crookshanks, bottle-brush tail bobbing as he led them through the shadows; he was followed by Remus, who was cuffed tightly to Pettigrew, who was still sniffling, and who was cuffed on his other side to Ron, with his strapped leg. Snape floated eerily just behind him, held afloat by Sirius pointing his wand at him, and Calla was sure a couple of times that he bumped his head or feet, it was deliberate. She followed at the rear, Matilda held tightly in her arms, with Harry and Hermione either side of her.They all had to squeeze very awkwardly back into the tunnel, with Remus, Pettigrew and Ron walking sideways to manage it. Snape's head hit the ceiling as Sirius guided him through. Harry hurried on after him, falling into step, and Calla kept a close eye on them, catching their conversation."I don't know if Remus might have told you this, Harry," Sirius said. "But I'm your godfather.""Yeah," she could hear Harry saying. "I know.""Your parents," Sirius went on, "Before they died, appointed me as guardian of both you and your sister, should anything... Happen to them. I know you've been living with your aunt and uncle and I understand if you want to stay living with them - I presume that's why you haven't been with Remus all the time - but should you ever want to... Both of you, Calla too, of course.""Leave the Dursleys?" Harry asked quickly. He sounded like he could hardly believe it, and Calla couldn't believe it either. They'd wanted for so long to leave, for them to be allowed to stay with Remus and here Sirius seemed to be suggesting they stayed with him. Just as easy as that."Of course I understand if you wouldn't want to," he went on, and Calla picked up her pace, getting closer to hear, "but we could arrange for visits, some with me, some with Remus-""Are you mad?" Harry asked. Calla could see he was beaming. "Leave the Dursleys'? We've been wanting to leave forever, we were never allowed to live with Remus! Of course I'd want to live with you!""You - you mean it?""Yes, I mean it! Have you got a house? When can we move in? Can - can Remus stay too, we could all be together!"Sirius' face broke into the first true smile Calla had seen from him. It was bizarre; the years seemed to fall away from him in a moment, and he could have been a much younger man, blazing with happiness. "Calla?" he called down the tunnel, and she startled, running on ahead and pretending like she hadn't just heard everything."Yeah?" she asked, bounding to Harry's side. "What's wrong?""Nothing," Sirius said, beaming. "Harry and I were just speaking-""We can move in with Sirius!" Harry said happily. Calla saw Remus' head turn back towards them, pale in the tunnel's dim light.She stared at him. "But... We have to stay at the Dursleys'. Dumbledore wouldn't let us leave.""I'm your legal guardian," Sirius told her, which she knew, and it didn't make it any better. She felt something sour in her chest, as her gaze flicked to Remus. He was pretending like he hadn't heard, but she knew he had. "If you want to stay with me, Dumbledore can't stop you.""But..." She swallowed. "What about Remus? Harry, we've always wanted to stay with, all of us have been trying to let that happen."Sirius shifted awkwardly. "We can arrange that, for Remus to live near or whatever suits him. But - but would you?""What? Move in... With you?" Calla stared at him. She wanted to leave the Dursleys so badly, but they'd just met Sirius and only just found out he wasn't a mass murderer responsible for the deaths of their parents and she'd much rather stay with Remus, if she could. Not that she could bring herself to say so in front of Sirius, who looked like he was smiling for the first time in years, or Harry, who seemed to be absolutely beaming. "I - I'll have to think about it."Sirius' expression fell a little. "Of - of course. I couldn't expect you to make up your mind immediately. But... The offer's there, if - if the two of you do want to."They didn't say anything more as they continued on up the long tunnel. Calla hung back a bit, walking slowly with Hermione, who was looking at her curiously. She shifted uncomfortably and tweaked an awkward smile, turning to focus her energy on stroking Matilda.Once they reached what must have been the end of the tunnel, Crookshanks darted up, and pressed the knot to still the Willow. Remus, Ron and Pettigrew clambered up in a clumsy, awkward way, but they managed to reach the ground in one piece, with no sounds of a scuffle with the tree. Sirius sent Snape floating up through the hole by the roots, bumping his head against the soil as he did so. He still seemed to be grinning as he climbed up himself, finding solid ground. Harry disappeared up next, then Hermione, who Calla passed Matilda too before she clambered out of the hole herself.The whole world outside was pitch black now, and it was cold. She checked her pocket for the Invisibility Cloak and her wand, before she took Matilda back into her arms and hurried out of the tree's reach. The only lights out here now were those coming from the castle, which still seemed ages away. Up front, Pettigrew was sniffling and whimpering, still muttering things Calla couldn't hear.Harry seemed lost in thought, and Calla went up the slope in a determined silence. Her mind was fizzing with possibilities. If Pettigrew was found guilty and Sirius free, and if he argued for them to stay with Remus, they'd surely be allowed to. But the likelihood of that happening and Sirius not wanting them to stay with him... She looked forlornly at Remus. How were they going to figure this out?"One wrong move, Peter," Remus was saying, still pointing his wand sideways at Pettigrew.They made their way through the grounds in silence, Calla soothing Matilda, who was shaking a little, likely from the trauma of earlier on. Pettigrew was still whimpering and Snape was still hovering limply in the air, and lolling forward so that his chin hit off his chest.And then the clouds above them parted, smoky grey against the blue of the sky, and a chill came over Calla. Silver shone from behind the clouds; the silver of the full moon. "Remus," she said quietly. He didn't move, but stopped walking entirely. Calla dashed forwards. "Remus."Snape's feet collided with the back of Ron's head, and Sirius held out an arm to hold back Harry and Hermione. His other hand fell against Calla's wrist as she moved forward. "Remus!" He'd gone completely rigid. "No. No, no, Remus. Your potion!" He began to shake all over, and Sirius grabbed her by the arm, pulling her back."Run, Calla," he said."But Remus - and - and Ron-""Leave it to me," he said, even as she ran forward, trying to grab Remus, trying to do she didn't know what, but trying to do something. She could hear footsteps rushing away, her brother shouting for her.Remus' head was lengthening as it happened, and he snarled, as all his limbs trembled. "Remus!" His shoulders hunched over, and fur sprouted from all over, his arms swinging out, fingers lengthening into sharp claws. Footsteps rushed towards her, Sirius' hand closing around her forearm as Remus - no, the wolf- lashed out, claws catching on her arm. She hissed as Sirius dragged her away."Run!" he insisted, and a second later, as Calla stumbled down the slope, he had transformed back into that massive bear and was lunging forwards. Ron whimpered as the werewolf shook, twisting and breaking free of his bonds. She shrieked as the dog tackled the wolf to the ground, hauling him back and away from Pettigrew and Ron.Hermione screamed as Pettigrew lunged for Remus' wand which had fallen into the ground, and Calla ran forwards again. "No!" she yelled, but he was closer than she was. Ron tipped over, falling onto his bandaged leg, and Calla rushed to his side.BANG! She and Ron were both blown backwards, and she landed hard on the ground, coughing. "Expelliarmus!" she hear Harry shout, and there was a burst of red light. She struggled to her feet, staring around, trying to find Ron. "Stay where you are!" Harry bellowed to Pettigrew, pointing Remus' wand back at her."Ron!" she shouted, stumbling over her own feet. "Ron!" She stumbled, not able to see properly, in the vague direction of the forest. "Ron!""Sirius!" Harry yelled. "Sirius, he's gone!""Ron!" Calla yelled again, finding herself running over a rocky slope.There was a growl somewhere near her and she leapt back. "Calla, the wolf!"She didn't know where to go; she ran and ran, as if she could outrun a wolf. They couldn't climb trees, could they? "Calla!"She panted, hiding behind a large boulder, as she saw something like the wolf streak past, followed by the dark shadow of a dog. Calla lay her forehead down against the cold stone, breathing heavily. Remus - the wolf. And Pettigrew, had he gone? Had he transformed, was that it? It was all over.She gritted her teeth, pushing back to her feet, and illuminated the tip of her wand. She had to find that rat. "Calla!" Harry was yelling, as she stumbled over grass and stone, eyes peeled."I'm fine!" she yelled back at him. "I have to get the rat!"Her foot caught on a large stone and she let out a yell, blinking as something like a rat flew past. Scrambling to her feet, Calla followed it, lunging towards the ground. Her wand went flying and she sprawled over the grass as she clamped the little, squealing rat in her hands. It's squealed as she got up, trying to spot her wand, but it was hard to look for or try and grab with a writhing rat in her hands. "Harry!" she yelled. "Down here! I-"The rat bit down hard on her finger and she screamed, trying to catch ahold of its tail as her hand stung, burning where the rat had bit it. "You're not getting away that easily," she hissed, as Matilda leapt up, catching the rat's tail between her teeth. "Don't kill it!" she insisted, scrambling for her wand. "Harry!"There was a yowling sound coming from somewhere below her, in the distance. Like a dog in pain. Her heart leapt into her throat and she signalled to Matilda, rushing down the uneven slope. "Sirius? Remus?"She turned as Matilda ran to her feet, rat scraping the grass. "Harry!" she bellowed up the slope, but he was nowhere. There was no reply but the rustle of trees. "Harry! Hermione!"There was a burst of light, something blazing hit Calla's shin and she stumbled back, falling to the ground. Matilda yowled, and Pettigrew grew back to full form, sending Matilda soaring across the grounds. "You-" she yelled, but she was too slow in getting to her feet. He turned back to a rat, and she lost him in the darkness. "Matilda! Matilda! Harry!"There was a dark, indistinct shape shooting ahead in front of her and she huffed, brushing hair from her forehead and her cheeks. At some point it had gotten something sticky in it, possibly blood. She scrabbled for the bobble on her wrist and took off at a run, tying her hair up into a very hasty, very messy bun, a ponytail folded under the elastic. Her feet pounded over the grass, following only her instincts, not any sort of light. "Matilda!"There was no reply but what might have been a purr, somewhere in front of her. She sprinted after it. "Calla!" Harry's voice was yelling somewhere, and she slowed, but she was still running, eyes following Matilda, or what she thought was Matilda. If she led her to the rat... "Calla! Sirius!""I'm fine!" she called back, with no idea if Harry could hear her or not. A branch scraped against her arm as she ran towards the forest, sweeping the rest of her hair down the back of her robes, tucked in so it wouldn't catch. There was a light coming from somewhere, she realised, and it was enough to slow her steps.She paused, panting, at the edge of the forest. Matilda had disappeared. She was all on her own; she couldn't even see Hagrid's hut, only the very distantly twinkling lights of Hogwarts Castle. All alone. Suddenly it didn't seem like such a good idea to go tearing off. "Stupid rat," she muttered, bending down and scouring the ground. There was a noise from within the forest, the sound of a twig snapping.She advanced forwards, a hand on her wand, just in case. She had to be quiet, stealthy, unseen. Of course. Calla took the cloak from her pocket, sweeping it over her, and moved onwards through the forest floor. This was a terrible idea, she told herself, but she kept moving. Her brother's voice was muffled in the distance.Something snapped to her right. There was a movement, a streak of white, almost like a wing. She turned, staring, and then heard a strange squealing sound in the other direction.She turned that way, eyes fixed on the ground. That had to have been the rat... But her stomach was very uneasy. She wasn't certain at all, and she could feel it slipping away. Through the mass of trees, she could see the light again, silvery, like the reflection of the moon on the lake. But... She shook her head. It felt wrong; cold wrapped around her suddenly, and she turned, stumbling back, gripping a tree. No."Calla! Calla!"That was her brother's voice, coming from the same direction as that light. But she was sure... There was something else there, something she could feel just at her shoulder, like a hand, settled, trying to pull her back. She whipped around, but there was nothing there; only darkness and the cold. She took her wand out, trying to illuminate the space between the trees. "Lumos," she whispered, but it only fixed brightness out the end. "Come on," Calla muttered, shaking the wand as if that was the problem. "Not now, for God's sake! Lumos."Nothing. But there was - there was a hand, something pale and yellowing clawing around the edge of a tree. She shook her head, squeezing her eyes shut. It wasn't a vision, but it wasn't real. She was sure it couldn't be real. The dying hand. "Lumos," she whispered again. She had to see what this was, had to understand. The white light flickered between two trees, showing skeletal fingers.Something cold pressed in at her back. Mine, that familiar voice whispered, and she gasped, breath catching as she choked on it. She grabbed a tree, leaning on it heavily. "What are you?" she whispered, still terrified of the answer. "Who - who are you?"I will take what is mine, said that hoarse and rasping voice. Stand aside, girl. Give up. You cannot stop me."Calla!" Harry's voice yelled again, breaking out of her trance. She turned around, tripping over a twig, and sprinted out of the forest, towards the shining light of the lake. It was freezing as she ran, though her heart was pounding so hard she barely noticed, and barely noticed why.She panted as she came out onto the lake's shore, stuffing the Invisibility Cloak hastily back into her pocket, as she saw Harry sitting there, with Hermione, both of their wands outstretched towards the lake. Sirius was between them, hands over his head. "Harry!" she yelled, eyes latching onto the lake. The mass of darkness coming over the lake... She shuddered, cold gripping her again, so intense it felt like it would never leave her. "Harry!"She ran forward, dropping down to her knees beside him. "Expecto patronum," he was muttering, a feeble silver light wisping out the end of his wand. Hermione was saying the same, forehead creased, and she was pale, shaking. "Expecto - Expecto patronum. Calla..."She grasped her wand tightly, heart hammering, forcing her to think of last year. Beating Riddle. She could save people, she told herself. Things didn't have to end the way she saw them. "Expecto patronum," she said as loudly as she could, wishing the Dementors away. "Expecto - Expecto-" her breath snagged in her throat "Expecto patronum!"One feeble wisp came out the tip of her wand. "Expecto patronum," Harry repeated, voice rasping and raw. "Expecto patronum!"She was going to be safe. She had to be safe. She squeezed her eyes shut, willing herself to see a future she didn't know was real. "Expecto patronum!" she shouted."He's innocent," Harry was rasping, as a Dementor came nearer to them. Underneath its hood was a grey l, scabbed sort of face, skin stretched tightly over empty eye sockets. "Expecto -""Expecto patronum-" Calla shouted. It'd be okay, they'd be okay, she could save them, she had to be able to save them. She grabbed her brother's hand, wishing and wishing she could keep the Dementors at bay.But their breath was rattling louder and louder. A slimy, cold grey hand reached out and took her fingers, prising them away from her brother. "Harry," she rasped. "Harry, it'll - it'll be alright. It - it has to... Expecto patronum."But nothing was happening. She didn't know how she could have expected anything to happen. A Dementor's claws dragged over her shoulder, freezing to the touch. Her wand slipped from between her fingers. She couldn't do it. She couldn't do anything. She was stupid to think she ever could, that she was ever able to. She couldn't save them. She couldn't do anything. She couldn't even save herself. She was weak.Stupid girl, the voice echoed in her head. You cannot stop me.She heard a scream - her mother's scream - and a flash of green light seared across her vision. Her scar burned and panic rose in her stomach, her chest, her throat, taking over everything. She could hardly breathe. The rat flashed in her mind's eye, she could hear laughing, a skeleton rattling and its hand clamping down on her shoulder. "No," she whispered, the truth setting in. She couldn't stop it. "No, no, no!" The rat was slipping away, further and further, slipping through her fingers as she sat by edge of the lake, chest hollow and head on fire."Expe-" her voice fizzled out as the cold replaced the burning feeling, gripping her heart. It battled her down her like a hailstorm and she sank, head hanging lowly, reaching for Harry.Clammy hands wrapped themselves around her neck, forcing her chin up. Rattling breath drew closer and she squeezed her eyes shut, cringing away. No, no. It couldn't, no. She tried to scramble away, but the Dementor's grip was like a vice. She had no wand, nothing to defend herself with. Her arms fell limply at her side. All the warmth rushed out of her.There was a last, muffled cry of expecto patronum as she sank down to the ground, felt sharp nails against her throat, heard her mother's scream and that awful voice's hissings, and she shouted for her brother but had no idea if he was even still there.Her eyelids fluttered, and she caught only a glimpse of a silvery light as she fell, the Dementor's hands slipping away. Her cheek landed on her arm on the ground, and she reached out a hand, forcing her eyelids open as Harry fell, too, and she reached for his hand. The cold was ebbing away, ever so slightly and ever, ever so slowly. The Dementors ... They were leaving. She forced her eyes to open, straightened her glasses, to see the silver light dying on the lake."Harry," she croaked, fumbling for his hand, stumbling to her feet. She fell back down again; it was like her every strength had been sucked out of her. Her eyelids closed and she curled in on herself and her empty, cold, rattling chest, and the last thing she remembered was crying.

When she woke, she was inside, but she was still cold. She lay under a blanket for several minutes, staring up at the ceiling, her head reeling. Dementors... That hand... The rat... Sirius Black... Remus. Her breath caught in her throat. She glanced at a long window; it was still dark outside. But she didn't know how long she'd been out for. Had hours passed or only minutes? Even days? There was no sign of Remus; he would still be outside, if it was still the full moon. She dreaded to think what was happening, what he might think when he woke up in the morning.She'd been in this wing many times before. He'd always been there, or close by at hand, anyway. Now she had no idea where her godfather was, or if he was even okay. She tried to sit up, but it hurt her head, so she lay back down again, eyes drooping shut."Shocking business," a voice said, bringing her back to herself. She opened her eyes blearily. "Terrible, shocking... Miracle none of them died... Never heard the like... By thunder, it was lucky you were there, Snape."Snape? He was recovered, then. Calla tried to push herself up to sitting on her elbow, head still spinning. Her throat was raw and it stung from the back. "Thank you, Minister," Snape drawled, voice smug. Something like anger tried to flare in Calla, but she was too tired for it to go any further."Order of Merlin," the Minister's voice was saying merrily. "Second class, I'd say. First class, if I can wangle it." He'd attacked them, she remembered, Snape. Of course, she'd attacked him, too. They all had.Merlin.Calla fumbled about for her glasses on her bedside table, and put them on. The legs were cold against her face; but she didn't think she'd been out that long, had she? She glanced around at the rest of the wing. Ron was lying on a bed, leg propped up, and Harry and Hermione both looked like they were coming to on the beds next to Calla. Her brother stirred and she looked over at him, heart pounding. "Thank you very much, Minister," Snape's voice continued slimily."Nasty cut you've got there," Fudge said, and Calla waved in front of her brother's face."Harry," she hissed."Black's work, I suppose?""Potter, Weasley, and Granger, actually," Snape said silkily. "Calla Potter gave me some nasty scratches on my arm, too, trying to steal my wand from me.""Terrible," Fudge was mumbling. For goodness' sake."Harry," Calla whispered again. "Harry, are you alright?"He nodded, slowly, and she breathed a sigh of relief. "What's going on?""Black had bewitched the children," Snape continued to Fudge, somewhere outside the door, "I could see it immediately. The Confundus Charm, judging by their behaviour. They seemed to think there was a possibility that he was innocent. They weren't responsible for their actions. Though their interference might have permitted Black to escape... They all obviously thought they were going to catch Black single-handed. They have gottten away with a great deal before now... I'm afraid it's given them a rather high opinion of themselves, Harry Potter especially... and of course both of the Potter twins have always been allowed an extraordinary amount of license by the headmaster..."Harry pulled a face. "What's he doing?""Now, Severus," Fudge said. "I'm sure we all have a bit of a blind spot where Harry and Calla Potter are concerned."Calla rolled her eyes at that, but she supposed it was quite true. "Even so, are we sure it is good for them to be given such special treatment? I, for my part, have always tried to treat them as I would any other student." That was a blatant lie, Calla thought. She pulled a face at Harry."Calla?" Hermione's voice hissed. "Harry? Are you hearing this?"Calla nodded, turning back just a little. She pressed a finger to her lips; she wasn't sure they were meant to hear this conversation."And any other students," Snape went on, "would no doubt be suspended for what they have done this night, at the very least. Not only what they have done, but leading their friends into danger, too. I hear Miss Patil and Miss Greengrass are still safe in their beds, which is a miracle in itself this night. Usually they would be dragged into the thick of things, too." Anger prickled at Calla. At least Padma and Daphne were alright, she reminded herself. But she dearly wanted to see them. They were going to revise Blast-Ended Skrewts when she got back... That thought hit her like a train. She had an exam in the morning, probably in less than eight hours. Calla sank down on the bed again, squeezing her eyes shut. She needed to sleep."Consider everything, Minister," Snape said. "They have gone against all school rules, against all protections put in place for their own safety, and were out of bounds at night, consorting with a werewolf-" How dearly Calla wanted to shout at him for that, for that tone "-and a murderer. And I have reason to believe Harry Potter, at the very least, has been visiting Hogsmeade illegally, too.""Well, well," Fudge said nervously. "We shall have to see, Severus. We shall see... They have undoubtedly been foolish..." Foolish, yes. Wrong? They hadn't been, and Calla couldn't even say she regretted trying to fight Snape. "What amazes me most is the behaviour of the Dementors. You've really no idea what made them retreat, Snape?"A Patronus Charm. Calla was sure it had been; but who on Earth had cast it? Remus was transformed, and Ron - well, she didn't know where Ron had been, actually, but he didn't seem to be in a position to cast a very powerful Charm she was sure he'd never learned - and the rest of them were all huddled together on the shore. And Pettigrew certainly wouldn't have done it. He was long gone by now, and -Matilda. Calla's eyes snapped open, and she turned hurriedly to Hermione. The Minister's voice faltered. There was no cat on the floor by her, and Matilda wasn't on her other side either. Calla made up to get up, frantic, and Madam Pomfrey bustled over from where she had been with Ron. "Now, now, dear," she said. "Lie down, you've been through an awful lot.""But Matilda!" Calla wailed, sitting up. "Where - where is she? Did she come in here?"Fudge and Snape stopped talking, and Calla flung herself out of bed, feet landing on the cold floor. "Matilda?" Madam Pomfrey asked. "Miss Potter, please," she said, as Calla swayed on her unsteady legs. "Sit down.""But - but Matilda!" she said frantically. "Where is she?""Who-""Her cat," Harry said groggily from his own bed. "Matilda. Where - where did she go?""She went into the forest," Calla said hollowly, swaying. She fell back onto her bed. "She - I was trying to find Pettigrew, I was looking for the rat and I caught him and she got his tail so I could get my wand and we were going to come back and find you, Harry, and - and then he transformed again and kicked her off and she went flying and - and then h-he transformed ag-again and ran off and Mat-Matilda went running into the F-Forest so I-I followed her and I s-saw-" She broke into a sob that wracked her chest and Madam Pomfrey pushed her back to lie down on the pillow, gently, though her forehead was creased with worry."You ought to sleep," she said, as Fudge and Snape entered, staring at her. "Here," she produced a massive chocolate bar, the size of a boulder. "Eat.""B-but she - I don't know where she is! He - he - what if he's gotten h-her?" Her head snapped around to Snape. "Professor, y-you-" She couldn't say anything.Madam Pomfrey lay the chocolate bar down on the bedside table between Calla and Harry's beds and started breaking it apart with a large hammer. The sound hurt Calla's head, and she took the broken piece of chocolate from Pomfrey wearily. "Thanks," she said quietly, shutting her eyes."How's Ron?" Hermione asked."He'll live," Pomfrey said grimly. That didn't actually sound particularly positive. "As for the three of you, you'll be staying here until I'm satisfied you're - Mr Potter, where do you think you're going?"Harry had gotten out of his bed, putting his glasses back on. "I have to speak to the Headmaster," he said breathlessly, and Fudge frowned."Harry, Harry, my dear boy, please sit back down.""It's alright, Potter," Pomfrey said gently, guiding Harry back to his bed. "It's alright. They've got Sirius Black now, the Dementors will be performing the Kiss at any moment now.""No!" Harry said, shooting back up again."He's innocent," Calla said quickly. "Sirius - Sirius Black. We spoke to him, it was Peter Pettigrew, not him.""Please!" Fudge said, looking quite alarmed by her outburst. "You should have some chocolate, lie down, now.""No, Minister, you have to listen!" Harry insisted. "Black's innocent, alright?""Harry-""Peter Pettigrew faked his own death!" Harry was yelling. "We saw him tonight! You can't let the Dementors do that thing to Sirius, it's-""Harry," Fudge said, shaking his head slowly. His eyes were too kind. "Harry. You're very confused.""He's not confused," Calla said crossly. "It's the truth. We all saw him. Remus - Remus Lupin can tell you the same!""When he is finished ravaging the Highland countryside?" Snape asked smoothly, and Calla snarled at him."It's the truth! Nothing changes that! Even if you don't believe us, Minister, let us have time, before you do it, let us prove it! We - we can give evidence and - and we can be witnesses!""You've both had a very rough night," Fudge was saying gently. "This has all been a terrible ordeal... Lie down now, we've got everything under control.""NO!" Harry bellowed, sitting back up again. "HE'S INNOCENT! YOU'VE GOT THE WRONG MAN!""Minister, listen, please," Hermione said, hurrying to Harry's side. "I saw him too. Peter Pettigrew, he's an Animagus, he turned into Ron's rat, Scabbers.""See, Minister? Confounded, all of them.""We would know if Pettigrew was an Animagus, Miss Granger," Fudge said kindly."He's unregistered!" Calla insisted, sitting up, too. "Minister, please, you have to listen! You didn't give Black a trial, did you? You - you have to give him a trial!""It was the days after the war, Miss Potter. Black was undoubtedly guilty.""You can't know that without a trial!" Calla shouted at him, throwing off her covers and standing up. "Minister, Sirius Black is innocent! If you'd just listen!""A very good Confundus Charm," Snape said drily."WE'RE NOT CONFUNDED!" Harry yelled."Minister, Professor, I'm going to have to ask you to leave. The Potters are my patients and I will not have you distressing them.""We're not distressed!" Harry protested angrily, and Calla nodded her fervent agreement. "You've got the wrong man, Minister, we keep telling you-""Out!" Pomfrey said, ushering Fudge and Snape away from their bedside. Harry slumped back onto his pillow, glasses askew and face defeated. Pomfrey shoved a large lump of chocolate into his hands. "Eat, Potter."The door opened as Dumbledore swept inside, brushing past Fudge and Snape. Calla sat up straighter, and Harry went back up to sitting, swallowing the chocolate. "Professor Dumbledore, Sirius Black-""For heaven's sake!" Madam Pomfrey cried, bear to hysterics. "Is this a Hospital Wing or not, Dumbledore? Will you let me attend to my patients? Headmaster, I really must insist-""My apologies, Poppy," Dumbledore said in a calm voice, holding up a gently hand, "but I just have a word with the Potters and Miss Granger. I have just been in a conversation with Sirius Black-""Told you the same fairytale he's planted in the Potter's minds, has he?" Snape demanded, spitting a little. "Something about a rat, and Peter Pettigrew being alive-""That is indeed Black's story, Severus," said Dumbledore, eyeing him carefully over his half-moon spectacles."And does my evidence count for nothing?" Snape snarled. "Peter Pettigrew was not in the Shrieking Shack, not did I see any sign of him in the grounds.""Because you weren't conscious the whole time!" Calla protested. "You only have half the facts, Professor!""Calla's right!" Hermione agreed earnestly. "You didn't arrive in time to hear-""HOLD YOUR TONGUES!" Snape yelled. "BOTH OF YOU!""Now, Severus," Fudge said, clearly startled. "These young ladies are clearly not in their right minds." Calla scoffed her offence at that statement. "We must make allowances.""I would like to speak to Calla, Harry and Hermione alone," said Professor Dumbledore abruptly. "Cornelius, Severus, Poppy, leave us." Calla turned to him hopefully; Remus had said Dumbledore wasn't entirely convinced of Sirius' guilt and now was their chance to prove that he was innocent. He'd hear them out, she was sure."Headmaster!" Pomfrey spluttered. "These children need treatment, they need rest!""This cannot wait," Dumbledore said. "I am afraid I must insist."Madam Pomfrey pursed her lips and hesitated a moment before turning and storming into her pocket, slamming the door behind her. Calla was surprised it didn't wake Ron up. Fudge picked up a large golden pocket watch that hung from the pocket of his waistcoat. "The Dementors should have arrived by now," he said. "I shall go and greet them.""But you can't do it now!" Calla cried, sitting up. "You haven't even listened - you won't listen to what we have to say, you're about to condemn an innocent man! Minister, please!"Fudge ignored her. He strode to the door and held it open, but Snape didn't move to leave with him. "Surely you don't believe a word of what Black has told you, Headmaster," he whispered, eyes fixed intently on Dumbledore's face."I wish to speak to Calla, Harry and Hermione alone," Dumbledore repeated.Snape took a step towards him and Calla's eyes widened as she glanced sharply between the two of them. "Sirius Black showed he was capable of murder at the age of sixteen," he breath, face white. "Surely you haven't forgotten that, Headmaster? You haven't forgotten that he once tried to kill me?""My memory is as good as it ever was, Severus," said Dumbledore quietly, voice still ever so calm. It was honestly a little unnerving.Snape turned sharply on his heel and marched through the open door at the end of the room. It closed behind him and Fudge and Dumbledore turned to Calla, Harry and Hermione. All three of them were silent for a handful of seconds before they burst into speech."Professor, Black's telling the truth, we saw Pettigrew!""-he escaped when Remus turned into a werewolf-""-Remus came to help us, he's heard everything, if you'd let us testify-""-Pettigrew's a rat, Professor-""-his front paw, I mean his finger, he cut it off-""-he killed all those Muggles in the street-""-Pettigrew attacked Ron, sir, not Sirius, he got Calla too, didn't he Calla-""-not as hard, but he did and-"Dumbledore held up his hand and they all stopped, voices faltering. "It is your turn to listen," he said quietly, and Calla opened her mouth to protest, "and I beg you will not interrupt me, because there is very little time." He paused but they said nothing, even though Calla dearly wanted to speak now, and make him listen. "There is not a shred of proof to support Black's story, except your word, and I am afraid the word of three thirteen year olds will not account for very much.""But-""Miss Potter," Dumbledore said quietly, and she swallowed her protestations as he went on. "A street full of eye-witnesses swore they saw Sirius Black murder Peter Pettigrew. I myself gave evidence to the Ministry that Sirius was the Potters' Secret Keeper.""But Remus-""Professor Lupin is currently deep inside the Forbidden Forest, unable to tell anybody anything. By the time he has returned to himself, it will be too late. Sirius will have been Kissed already. I might add that werewolves are so mistrusted by most of our kind, that his voice will count for very little. Not to mention he and Sirius were old school friends-""That doesn't mean it's not true!" Calla shouted. "Professor, this isn't fair! You know we have to do something, there must be some proof we can find! If we can find Pettigrew again-""Listen to me, Calla," Dumbledore said gently. "It is already too late.""How can you-""Do you understand me?""No!""You must see that Professor Snape's version of events is more convincing than yours.""But it isn't the truth! He doesn't have all the facts! It doesn't matter if it's convincing, it isn't true!"But the truth didn't always convince, she knew. And Fudge wouldn't know he didn't have all the facts; he would be convinced. She let out a frustrated sob and huffed as she flung herself back down onto her pillow."Snape hates Sirius," Hermione said desperately. "All because of some stupid trick Sirius played on him.""Sirius has not acted like an innocent man.""He hasn't been treated like one, either!""Miss Potter, I did ask you not to interrupt me.""Professor," she said desperately. "We - we have to do something. This can't happen, we have to let everyone know, we have to get Pettigrew, or he - he's going to bring Voldemort back!"Her words rang out across the wing. Dumbledore and Harry froze, and Hermione stared at her like she'd never head her speak before. "I - I had a vision, Professor. In the Divination exam. I wasn't sure earlier but I am now, now he's - he's gone. It was a rat, and this... This sort of skeleton, but it was still alive, just destroyed. A body, I'm sure it was Voldemort's. And he was the rat.""What?" Hermione said, having gone quite pale. "What do you mean a - a vision?"But Dumbledore was looking at her very seriously. "Calla, where was this happening?""I - in a forest, somewhere, I think. I don't know where, the - the only things that come to mind... I don't know! I'd seen things in a crystal ball, just before it: a stag, dog, wolf, crowd, eagle, but that - that could be any forest, couldn't it?""Crystal ball..." Hermione was muttering under breath, regarding Calla as though had in fact gone completely mad."Professor, I realise it's not much to go on...""I will do everything I can," he said to her."He's already getting away," she said urgently. "We have to act now! You have to do something, Professor!""The chances of finding him... But the Order... Are there any pictures of this rat?""I - yes, there's the one from the Daily Prophet, sir. When the Weasleys were in Egypt.""There is very little we can do," he said quietly. "But perhaps... Innocent lives. I do believe you, Calla," he said. "In both matters. But I'm afraid I have very little power over other men's minds, or to overrule the Minister of Magic. He is not so open to the idea of seeing the future.""Well, we can't just let it happen!" Calla insisted angrily. "This is Voldemort we're talking about!""Believe me, Calla, I have no intentions of allowing Voldemort to rise again," Dumbledore said quietly."If we don't do something now, then he will."Dumbledore nodded gently. "There is very little I can do.""You keep saying that! There has to be something, Professor! Some way to find him! Put a notice out, go and tell Fudge, convince him! You're Albus Dumbledore!" She was shaking now, she realised, as Harry took her arm gently."What we need," Dumbledore told her, "is more time."The little, running hourglass she'd seen. Time. "We're wasting time right now!"But Hermione's eyes had become very round. Dumbledore looked at her, eyes twinkling gently. "OH!""Now, pay attention," Dumbledore said, keeping his voice very low indeed, but still speaking very clearly. "Sirius is currently being kept in Professor Flitwick's office on the seventh floor. Calla, I trust you know where to find it?" She nodded. "Thirteenth window from the right of the West Tower, if approaching from the air. If all goes well, you might save more than one innocent life tonight. But remember this, all of you. You must not be seen. Miss Granger, you know what is at stake here. You - must - not - be - seen."Calla sat staring between them; now she was definitely the confused one. At least Harry didn't seem to have any clue what was going on either. Dumbledore had turned on his heel, leaving the room, and turned back as he reached the door."I am going to lock you in in a moment," he said. "It is five minutes to midnight." She'd thought it was later. Her exam was still technically tomorrow but she didn't think it was so important now. "Miss Granger, three turns ought to do it. Good luck.""Good luck?" Harry repeated as Dumbledore closed the door softly behind him. "Three turns? What's he talking about, Hermione? What are we supposed to do?"Hermione was fumbling under the neck of her robes; she'd pulled out a very long, very thing gold chain, on which there was a collection of rings and a very small hourglass of white sand. Calla stared at it. "Both of you, come here," she said. "Quickly!"Calla clambered out of bed, moving over to her. She exchanged a bewildered glance with Harry. "Here." Hermione threw the chain first around Harry's neck and then Calla's. "Ready?""Ready for what?" Calla asked, entirely confused. Hermione didn't reply.She turned the hourglass over three times, and the dark Hospital Wing disintegrated before Calla's eyes. Something was pulling Calla backwards, but she wasn't sure she was moving. Her head felt a bit like it did sometimes when she was having a particularly strong vision, a blur of colours and shapes that rushed around her frantically so she had to strain to try and make them out.Then her feet hit solid ground. It was light outside. "No way," she breathed as everything came sharply back into focus. It looked like it was daylight outside. "Hermione, what is that thing?""Sh," Hermione said, pressing a finger to her lips. "I'm here!"Hermione grabbed Calla and Harry and dragged them across the deserted Entrance Hall, into a small, dusty broom cupboard. Calla coughed as Hermione closed the door behind them, knocking Harry into a bucket."What - how - Hermione, what just happened?" Harry asked breathlessly."We've gone back in time," Hermione said, taking the chain from around their necks. "Three hours back..."Calla just gaped at her. How had Hermione gotten her hands on... On whatever that thing was that she'd used to take them back in time. "How-""Shh!" Hermione said again, clamping a hand over Calla's mouth. "Listen! There's someone coming! I think it might be us!" Hermione had pressed her ear against the door of the cupboard; Calla and Harry exchanges baffled glances."Are you telling us," Harry said quietly, "that we're in here, in this cupboard, right now, and we're also out there, in the Entrance Hall?""Yes, Hermione said, listening intently. "Im sure it's us... It doesn't sound like more than four people, and we're walking slowly because of the Invisibility Cloak... We've gone down the front steps," she said quietly, pulling away.Hermione sat down anxiously on an upturned bucket, looking very stressed indeed. "Where did you get that thing?" Calla asked, sitting down opposite her with crossed legs."It's called a Time-Turner," Hermione said. "I got it from Professor McGonagall the first day back. I've been using it all year so that I could get to all of my extra classes. They're really rare, and Professor McGonagall made me swear I wouldn't tell anyone. She had to write all sorts of letters to the Ministry of Magic so that I could have one. She had to tell them I'm a model student and that I'd never, ever use it for anything other than my studies. I've been turning it back so I can make it to everything at the same time. That's how I've been doing several lessons at once, see?"Calla frowned. "Wait, What-""But," Hermione continued, "I don't understand what Dumbledore wants us to do! Why did he tell us to go back three hours, how's that going to help Sirius?""Maybe we can find Pettigrew," Calla suggested. "But we'll have to wait quite a long time...""No," Hermione said. "There must be something that happens around about now that we have to change. But what?""We were going down to Hagrid's three hours ago," Harry said, frowning."This is three hours ago, and we are going down to Hagrid's now."They'd found Scabbers in Hagrid's hut... But Ron had left with him, and they couldn't very well run up to Ron and take him, and besides, then everything they'd found it in the Shack wouldn't have been possible to be found out because he wouldn't be there. She didn't quite understand time travel but she figured if they weren't careful they would probably end up creating some kind of paradox. Or just destroying the future."Dumbledore just said-" Harry screwed up his whole face in concentration "-he said we could save more than one innocent life tonight... Buckbeak!"Hermione's face lit up and Calla's mind started rushing. She'd foreseen Buckbeak's death, and that time had passed now... But she hadn't actually seen Buckbeak die, only the axe swinging and the crows, and she'd seen a Hippogriff, yes, but... "I don't know," she said nervously. "My vision showed his execution but... We might be able to change it.""What is this vision?" Hermione asked, looking entirely perplexed. "You still haven't explained.""It's a long story," she said quickly. "Basically, I have glimpses of the future, and I can't really control it but I'm learning, and that's how I'm good at Divination.""You can't see the future," Hermione said flatly."I can," Calla said, huffing a little. "Or possibilities of it, anyway. It might be possible to change... Choices are just as important as interpretation." She squeezed her eyes shut, thinking. "How could saving Buckbeak help Sirius?""Dumbledore said - he just told us where Sirius is being kept, in Flitwick's office! And he mentioned the window, he told us!" She could see it. Them flying up to the top of the West Tower, saving Sirius, Buckbeak flying into the clouds. "We've got to fly Buckbeak up to the window and save Sirius! They can escape together!" He grasped Calla's arm and she opened her eyes. "I'm right, aren't I?""I - I think you could be," Calla said gingerly, and that was all, it seemed, she needed to say.Harry pushed forward, pressing his ear to the door of the cupboard. Hermione still didn't look convinced by any of this, and seemed very pale. "If we can manage that without being seen, it'll be a miracle!""Well we've got to try, haven't we?" Harry asked. Calla's mind was reeling. Not only could they save Sirius, if they timed it right, she could wait in the Forest and keep an eye for Matilda and Pettigrew. She was sure that was where he had scampered off to. They still had a chance. Maybe two futures could be avoided tonight."It doesn't sound like anyone's there," Harry said to her and Hermione. "Let's go."Calla felt very apprehensive as her brother pushed the cupboard door open, but to her relief, there was no one there. She caught his and Hermione's arms just before they stepped out, pulling the Invisibility Cloak from her pocket. "So we're not seen," she whispered, pulling it over them. "Don't let it go this time."They nodded under the cloak and shuffled quietly out of the castle. The sun was already close to going down, and Calla kept a nervous eye out for Fudge, Dumbledore and MacNair. Even with the cloak, they had to be careful."If anyone sees us..." Hermione trailed nervously."We'll run for it," Harry said. "We'll go straight into the forest right, wait there until we - past we - leave. Left?""Round by the greenhouses," Hermione said breathlessly, hurrying down the slope. "We still need to make sure we're out of sight. Any slip-up, any at all...""It'll be alright," Calla assured her, though her stomach was still squirming. "Come on, we should hurry.""Calla's right," Hermione said, keeping up her step. "We must be nearly at Hagrid's by now - of course, we've got the cloak, we can't see us."Calla and Harry both exchanged a glance of confusion, and hurried to keep up with Hermione, who was now sort of running - at least, as much as anyone could run under the cloak. They skirted around the vegetable gardens and the greenhouses where Calla could spy Sprout talking to a couple of older students, and then around the back of them, avoiding the Whomping Willow narrowly, and then towards the Forest, where they lingered in a crouch, eyes fixed on Hagrid's hut and garden.They got there just in time to hear a knock on Hagrid's door, as he stepped out, pale and shaking. He looked even worse than he had earlier - now? - Calla thought. Then she heard her own voice, and startled. It sounded so weird outside her own head. "Hagrid, it's us. Can we come in?""That was weird," Calla whispered as the door shut again. "Tell me that was weird.""That was really weird," Harry said, nodding. "I'd say this might be the weirdest thing we've ever done.""You've done weirder," Calla muttered back, as Hermione ushered them on around the other side of Hagrid's hut, where Buckbeak was standing still tethered. He looked awfully nervous, for a Hippogriff, and kept looking around him, head swivelling. He beat his wings like he was calling for someone to let him escape, and Calla's heart went out to him. "Come on," she whispered, making to walk out. Hermione pulled her back."No!" she hissed. "If we take him now then the people from the Committee'll think Hagrid's set him free. We have to make sure Fudge sees him first.""That'll give us all of about sixty seconds," Calla muttered, falling back behind the line of the trees. It was still awful to just wait there, watching Buckbeak, stomach curling. But she knew Hermione was right."Just wait," Hermione whispered to her.There was a crash from inside the hut, the sound of breaking china. "That's Hagrid breaking the milk jug," Hermione whispered. "I'm going to find Scabbers in a minute."There was an agonising few minutes before they heard Hermione's confirming shriek, and Calla could tell Harry was thinking of the same thing as she had. "Hermione," he said lowly, "what if we - if we just go in there now and grab Pettigrew-""Absolutely not," Hermione said in a terrified whisper. "Don't you understand? That would be breaking one of the most important wizarding laws there is! Nobody's supposed to change time, nobody! You heard what Dumbledore said! If anybody saw us-""And it would throw everything else off, too," Calla said. "Come on, Harry. Doctor Who. You can't interfere with your own time stream.""Yeah, but this isn't Doctor Who! You've changed the future sometimes, when you've said what's happened and you've gone to fix it!""Yeah, but not after it's happened! That's different. This is happening right now, but it - it's also already happened, hasn't it? For us? We know what happened. We can't change anything we know for definite happened." She looked at Hermione, who was nodding. "The future can change, but the past and our memories can't.""We'd still only be seen by ourselves and Hagrid.""But we didn't see ourselves and Hagrid," Calla hissed. "Did we?""And imagine if you did see yourself running in to Hagrid's, Harry. What would you think had happened?""I - I don't know. I suppose I'd think it was some sort of Dark magic.""Exactly," Hermione said. "You wouldn't understand, you might attack! Bad things happen to wizards who mess with time." She shook her head. "Professor McGonagall told me loads of wizards have ended up killing their past selves by mistake.""Okay!" Harry held up his hands and Calla gave him a weak smile. "Okay, it was just a suggestion!"But Hermione nudged him in the side, shutting him up. Dumbledore, Fudge and MacNair were all coming down the slope towards the hut now, towards Hagrid's hut. Calla adjusted the cloak around them, just to be certain they weren't seen, and watched for their past selves leaving the hut. "We're about to come out," Hermione said breathlessly and sure enough, a moment later, the door opened out to the pumpkin patch and Calla, Harry, Hermione and Ron all traipsed out.It was a very strange feeling indeed, as Calla watched her past self in the pumpkin patch, stroking Buckbeak's neck feathers. Fresh tears sprang to her eyes. "Poor thing," she whispered, as they turned away, and Hermione threw the cloak over the four of them. It was the same cloak thy wore now, and Calla found that a very strange thought indeed.There was a knock on the door as the execution party arrived, and Calla bit down on her lip. Hagrid went tearily back inside, leaving the back door ajar; Calla watched patches of the grass flatten all around the cabin as the four of them set off up the hill, huddled under the cloak. Calla frowned, trying to hear what was being said inside the hut."Where is the beast?" asked a cold voice she didn't recognise - MacNair."Out - outside," Hagrid croaked. Calla's eyes darted to Buckbeak. They'd have to take him soon.MacNair's face appeared at Hagrid's window and Calla shrank back, holding the cloak tightly. MacNair stared at Buckbeak, eyes fixed, and after a long and tense moment, he turned back."We - er - have to read you the official execution notice," Fudge's voice said, sounding awkward."We should do it now," Calla used."I'll make this quick, Hagrid. And then you and MacNair need to sign it; MacNair, you too, that's the procedure.""Wait here," Harry said, shrugging off the cloak."Harry!" Calla whispered. "Be careful!""I am," he whispered back, and vaulted over the fence into the pumpkin patch. Calla couldn't watch; she darted out after him, clambering over the fence and hurrying to Buckbeak.Fudge was still speaking inside. They didn't have long. "It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal or Dangerous Creatures that the Hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter known as the condemned, shall be executed on the sixth of June at sundown."Calla approached Buckbeak as calmly as she could, holding gaze with his large amber eyes. She pressed a finger to her lips as she sank into a low bow, not letting her gaze waver from his. Buckbeak bent his knees, bowing back, and she breathed a sigh of relief as he did the same to a bowing Harry. "Come on, sweet," she whispered, fumbling about untying the rope that kept him tied to the fence."...sentenced to execution by beheading, to be carried out by the Committee's appointed executioner, Walden MacNair." Calla gritted her teeth, stomach rolling nauseously as she untied them as quickly and as quietly as she could."Come on, Buckbeak," Harry murmured quietly. "We're going to help you.""It's going to be alright," Calla told the Hippogriff gently, taking the rope into her hands. She pulled only a little, but Buckbeak followed after her. "Quietly, now," she whispered. "Quietly.""As witnessed below. Sign here, if you would, Hagrid."There was a loud sniffling sound from inside. Calla and Harry threw all their weight onto the rope, and Buckbeak dug his front feet in, turning towards the cabin, towards Hagrid. "It's alright," Calla whispered to him. "Come on now, Buckbeak.""Well, let's get this over with," came a reedy voice of one of the committee members from inside Hagrid's cabin. "Hagrid, perhaps it would be better if you were to stay inside...""No, I - I wan' ter be wi' 'im! I don' wan' him to be alone!"There were footsteps from inside the cabin. "Buckbeak, please," Calla whispered. "Please, move!"Harry tugged harder on the rope, and to Calla's immense relief, Buckbeak went to walk forward after them. He rustled his wings irritably, shaking his head and mane. But they were still at least ten feet from the Forest and the safety of the trees and the cloak. "Come on, sweetheart," she said gently to Buckbeak. "Quickly, Buckbeak."Buckbeak sped up, and the twins pulled him along as hard as they could. Calla looked back at the forest, where Hermione had just poked her head out from under the cloak, looking very white. "Both of you, hurry!" she mouthed.Calla bit her lip and urged Buckbeak forward, nearer to the treeline. "Come on!" Hermione moaned. "Quick! Quick!" Next thing Calla knew, Hermione had run out from the Forest too, helping them to pull Buckbeak along. She didn't dare to look back, pulling Buckbeak to the trees and out of sight."Stop!" Harry whispered. "They might hear us!"Hagrid's back door had banged open. Calla froze, as did everyone else. Even Buckbeak had gone entirely still, as though he was listening intently. There was silence for a very long moment. "Where is it?" asked the committee member's reedy voice. "Where is the beast?""It was tied here!" cried the executioner, stamping his foot furiously. "I saw it right here!""How extraordinary," said Dumbledore, quite pleasantly. He almost sounded amused."Beaky!" Hagrid said huskily.There was a cold swishing sound and the swing of an axe. It thudded into the fence, catching there, and a group of crows fluttered out of the trees in fright. Calla breathed a sigh of relief, sinking back against a tree. Then came the howling, except now she could hear Hagrid's sobbing voice."Gone! He's gone! Bless his little beak, he's gone! Musta pulled 'imself free! Beaky, yeh clever boy!"Buckbeak started straining against the rope, trying to get back to comfort Hagrid, and Calla put a hopefully soothing hand on his feathered neck. "Sh," she whispered. "It's alright. Stay still for now, Beaky.""Someone must have untied him!" MacNair snarled, voice completely furious. "We should search the grounds, the Forest!""MacNair, if Buckbeak has indeed been stolen, do you truly think the thief would lead him away on foot? Search the skies, if you will... Hagrid, I do believe I could do with a nice cup of tea. Or perhaps a large brandy.""O' - o' course, Professor," said Hagrid hoarsely, voice weak with happiness and relief. "Come in, Dumbledore, come in..."The three of them listened very closely. They heard fading footsteps and the executioner cursing heavily, the door snapping shut, and then the world fell back into silence.

"Now what?" Calla and Harry asked at the same time, turning to Hermione."We'll have to hide in here," she said, very nervously. She held the cloak out to Calla. "We can't hide under this, if Buckbeak runs off or bolts then we'll lose it. We'll just have to be very, very careful. We have to wait until they all go back up to the castle. And... Then we wait until it's safe to fly Bucbeak up to Flitwick's window so we can rescue Sirius. He won't be there for a couple of hours, though... Oh, this will be tricky.""We should keep our eyes peeled for Scabbers," Calla said. "He'll probably run into the forest somewhere further along that way, nearer the Willow.""I doubt we'll be able to find him," Hermione said. "And we should keep quiet for now, until they've gone. We can't risk being seen."Calla pursed her lips, but nodded. "Okay. But as soon as it's safe, we have to try and get him. Right?""Of course," Harry said. "We'll have to move anyway; we have to keep an eye on the Whomping Willow, Hermione, or we won't know what's happening."Hermione bit her lip, looking incredibly uneasy. She glanced over her shoulder into the darkness of the Forest and gulped. "Alright. We have to be very, very quiet. Stick with us, Calla.""I wasn't about to run off now," she muttered, as she tightened her hold on Buckbeak's rope. "Come on now, Buckbeak.""We've got to keep out of sight," Hermione reminded them, as if Calla and Harry didn't already know that.They moved quietly and slowly through the Forest, until they came to a huddle of trees through which they could spot the Whomping Willow. Calla kept her eyes peeled. "There's Ron!" Harry said suddenly, pointing out into the darkness as a figure sprinted over the lawn."Get away from him - get away - Scabbers, come here!"Then three more figures appeared, dashing out from underneath the Invisibility Cloak and racing after Ron. Then Ron dove towards the ground and the others scrambled to catch up to him. "Gotcha!" Ron's voice cried. "Get off, you stinking cat!""Sirius!" Calla said, pointing, as a massive dog shape bounded out from the Whomping Willow.She saw herself put her hands out, trying to draw it away, holding out the bracelet. She couldn't actually hear her own voice, but she knew what she was saying. Then the dog sprinted for Ron and she saw the bracelet slip to the ground, silver catching the light and then disappearing entirely amongst the grass. It was a wonder Snape even managed to find it.She saw herself scramble down the slope, grabbing the cloak as the door to Hagrid's hut opened. She knew what happened but she still felt that tight coil of nerves, and gasped again as Ron was pulled towards the Whomping Willow, into its roots. "It looks even worse from here, doesn't it?" Harry said."Watch," Calla whispered, as the Willow thrashed out. She saw herself get flung back and winced. Her glasses felt suddenly uncomfortable on her face. "Thanks for fixing my glasses, by the way, Hermione," she said. "I really couldn't see.""We just got whallopped," Harry said breathlessly. "This is so weird..."The Whomping Willow thrashed this way and that, and then Calla saw herself topple forward and then the tree stilled. "That was Crookshanks," Hermione whispered, "pressing the knot."Hermione and Harry both disappeared past the roots there. "There we go," Harry said. "We're in."The moment they went down, the tree seemed to start thrashing again, fighting at the bare air. It was only seconds before they heard footsteps passing them, and Calla shrank back quietly behind a tree. Fudge, MacNair and Dumbledore all passed, headed back up to the castle. She let her breath out slowly once they were out of earshot. "Right after we'd gone down into the passage!" Hermione said. "If only Dumbledore had come with us...""Fudge and MacNair would've come too," Calla said."Yeah," said Harry. "And I bet you anything Fudge would've told MacNair to murder Sirius on the spot.""We should move now," Calla said. "So we're ready when Scabbers runs off.""We have to wait," Hermione said, and Calla stared at her. "We have to make sure everything happens as it did for our past selves." She nodded up at the castle. "Look. Here comes Remus."And indeed, Remus was haring down the steps. "We have to tell him to take his potion," Calla said, getting up, and Hermione pulled her down. "Or get it to him some way, without being seen.""Calla, we can't! We can't change what happened!""We just did.""Not like that!" Hermione shook her head. "Calla, I'm sorry. I wish none of this happened the way it did, but we have to let time take its course."The moon was completely obscured when Calla looked at the sky. If only the clouds stayed in place, if they could get Remus to the castle... But they couldn't now, no matter how desperately she wanted to, felt she had to. She had to let events unfold as they did, no matter how much she hated it."If he'd only seen that bracelet," Harry said. "Then that git would never have got his hands on it.""It wouldn't change anything except your feelings about him," Hermione said. "Snape likely already knew where Remus had gone, and how to get in.""It was meant to be Mum's bracelet," Calla said quietly. "From Dad. Snape has no right to pick it up. He should have left it.""And would you have found it?" Hermione asked."Yes," Calla snapped back."I'm going to get it," Harry said, and Hermione's eyes widened. She grabbed the back of his cloak, hauling him back."Hermione!" Calla scolded, but held her tongue as barely a second later, Hagrid came out of his hut. He was headed back up to the castle, singing a song at the very top of his voice, with a spring in his step and a bottle of something swinging from his hand."See?" Hermione said to them. "See what would have happened if you'd gone out? You would've been seen! No, Buckbeak!"At the sound of Hagrid's singing, Buckbeak had started to pull at the rope that bound him, and Hermione was tugging him furiously back. He made a sort of whining sound of protest. "I'm sorry, Beaky," Calla said to him gently, through it didn't seem to help at all. "Not just now."She and Harry both took hold of the ropes too, digging their heels in to stop Buckbeak getting loose. It was awful; he clearly wanted to be with Hagrid, but they couldn't risk that. Hagrid made his way inside the castle, the doors closing behind him, and Buckbeak stopped his protestations, hanging his head. Calla stroked his feathers soothingly.Hardly a moment later, the castle doors were flung open again and Snape hurried down. Calla saw him stop as he spotted the bracelet lying in the grass, and take it, turning it over in his hands with a sneer. Anger prickled in her chest. "Slimy git," Harry muttered, glaring at Snape through the trees."Shh!" Hermione kicked him sharply. She held a finger to her lips as Snape glanced towards the Whomping Willow, used the fallen branch to press the knot on the tree, and slipped silently down past the roots.Calla tightened her hold on the Invisibility Cloak. Hermione set about taking the rope and tying it securely to a tree, before she sat down on the ground, arms around her knees. "That's it then," Hermione said. "Now all we can do is wait for us to come back out again.""We could tell Daphne and Padma," Calla whispered. "We can't do nothing. They could-""We can't," Hermione hissed. "We've been over this."Calla bit her tongue. She couldn't help but feel that if Padma and Daphne were here, they would be doing something right now, rather than watching and waiting nervously. Daphne would know something, some way they could catch Pettigrew and resolve everything, and Padma would comfort them all and know exactly how to bring Fudge round and make sure they could prove Sirius' innocence, she was sure, and they'd both listen when she said she'd seen the future and that they had to get Pettigrew, they had to act as soon as they could. But they weren't there. And all they could do seemed to be to wait.Calla sat down huffily on the ground beside Hermione, watching the sky darken. "Harry," Hermione said. "There's one thing I don't understand. Why didn't the Dementors get Sirius? I remember them coming and then I think I passed out... There were so many of them."Harry sat nervously between the two girls. "I don't know," he said quietly. He glanced at Calla. "Do you..."She shook her head. "All I saw was light. There must have been a Patronus, but... I don't know.""There was something silver," Harry said. "It was an animal, a corporeal Patronus. It was tall, but I don't know what it was. And it wasn't Remus'." Calla hadn't expected it to be, but she might have hoped."Do you think it was one of the teachers?" Hermione asked. Calla was sure they would have known if one of them had been there; someone other than Snape would have saved them, then."No," Harry said. He looked like he was thinking very carefully about something, weighing his words. "It wasn't any of the teachers.""I didn't see anyone," Calla said quietly. "All I could see was light.""If the Patronus was shining so brightly, couldn't you see who it was, Harry?" Hermione asked earnestly."Yeah," Harry said slowly, looking worriedly at Calla. She frowned at him. "I saw him. But it wasn't for long, and... Maybe I imagined it... I wasn't thinking straight... I passed out straight afterwards."Calla stared at him. "But who was it?" she asked, and he shook his head."I don't - I don't know that it was but... I thought it was Dad."Her stomach lurched. "That - that isn't possible," she told him slowly. "Dad's... He's not coming back.""It might be," Harry said. "I mean, there are ghosts, there are... So many other ways... It might have been him.""Harry," Hermione said, tilting her head. "Your dad's dead.""We know," Calla said quickly, at the look on Harry's face. "Harry knows that.""He wasn't a ghost," Harry said quietly. "He looked solid. Real.""But...""I know it sounds mad," Harry said. "But I... I saw him, and we have photos of him from Remus. I know what he looked like... If Pettigrew could fake his death...""Why not Dad?" Calla finished in a whisper. She leaned her head on Harry's shoulder. "I don't know. If he was still alive he would have found us before now. He would have rescued us from the Dursleys." She knew he had to have. There was no way to explain if - if he hadn't. But their father was dead. It wasn't a nice thing to think, but he'd been dead for twelve years. She didn't know who Harry had seen, but she was sure it wasn't their father."I'd felt so sure," Harry whispered. "For a moment, before I fainted, I - I was sure it was him.""It can't have been," Calla said, though her stomach twisted. If it was, if their dad really was still alive... Well, why wouldn't he have come for them before?Hermione was sitting still silent, staring out towards the Whomping Willow, her face pale and worried. Calla shut her eyes a moment, thinking. She had to find Pettigrew, show him to Fudge and stop them from performing the Kiss on Sirius. The moment she saw the Willow stop stirring, she sat up straighter, watching carefully as their party slowly proceeded out of it."Here we come," Hermione whispered, and the three of them stood up. Buckbeak cocked his head curiously.Remus, Ron and Pettigrew clambered awkwardly out from between the roots, still clinging together. Her eyes narrowed hatefully at Pettigrew, stomach rolling at the knowledge of what was about to happen. "The moment he disappears," she whispered, "I'm going after him."Neither Harry nor Hermione tried to deny her as they watched Snape being clumsily levitated out of the hole, followed by Sirius, then Harry, Hermione and Calla, still holding Matilda. She had to find her too; the little kitten was smart, but there were many creatures in the Forbidden Forest who might hurt her if she wandered into their territory by mistake.Calla glanced anxiously at the sky, wishing her past self to realise, to do something. She should have thought, earlier, when the moon was mentioned, to check Remus had taken his potion before he'd come down to help them. She should have stopped it, and then Pettigrew wouldn't be free and Sirius wouldn't be about to have his soul taken."Harry. Calla." Hermione glanced over at them. "We have to stay put.""Pettigrew's going to transform any moment now," Calla whispered. "We have to be ready to catch him.""And how do you expect to do that?" Hermione snapped. "We won't be able to find him in the dark here, he's a rat!""Matilda'll show us.""You don't even know where Matilda is, Calla," Hermione replied. "We have to stay put."Calla shook her head. "You can. I'm not letting him get away again.""We came back to help Sirius. There's nothing else we can do, Calla.""And finding Pettigrew won't help Sirius?""I don't think this is what Dumbledore means for us to do.""And?" Calla asked, shaking her head. She looked at Harry. "You'll help me find him, won't you? We can't let him get away, not after everything. And if he goes, he'll bring Voldemort back. We can't just let that happen!""Calla," Hermione said slowly, "you have no way of knowing that. Divination is a very... woolly subject, and I'm sure your dream... well, it's just a dream, Calla. You can't know.""I do," she muttered. "I've seen it, Hermione. Not just in one instance, I've seen this in fire omens and tea leaves and crystal balls! It's all pointing to him escaping and helping Voldemort back to life. I am not going to let that happen.""You can't see the future," Hermione whispered. "Whatever you saw in the crystal ball, it isn't really what's going to help. Divination is such a woolly subject.""Maybe for you," Calla muttered in response, clenching her jaw. Of course Hermione wouldn't listen to her."You can't honestly believe-""Hermione!" Harry hissed, and she startled. "Leave it alone. Calla's right, but look. We have to keep an eye out."Naturally, just as he said this and the two girls quietened, the moon came out behind the clouds. Calla could hardly bear to watch as Remus transformed, as she saw herself run to him and Sirius pulled her back, Sirius transforming, Pettigrew blasting her and Ron over the grounds, Ron landing unconscious, Pettigrew changing into a rat."We've got to move," said Harry, very suddenly."Harry, I've told you-""Not for Pettigrew! Remus is about to run into the forest!"Hermione's eyes widened. "Hagrid's!" she said quickly. "There's no one there now, come on.""But Pettigrew's going to run in that way!" Calla pointed in the opposite direction to Hagrid's hut."Do you want to be killed by a werewolf?" Hermione whisper-shrieked, voice very shrill. "Calla, come on!"She hesitated a moment, heart hammering. "Fine. You go to Hagrid's.""You can't tear off," Hermione whispered, grabbing her arm. "There's a werewolf out there, and-""And a murderer who's going to go free and bring back Voldemort if I don't stop him." She shrugged off Hermione's hand. Truth be told, she felt terrified going off on her own, but if Harry and Hermione wouldn't come with her, then that was simply what she had to do."Calla-""There's not much time. You two run."She didn't wait for their answer before she tore off along to the other end of the forest, just behind the tree line so she wouldn't be seen. The werewolf ran in where she had been, but its howling grew fainter as Calla ran and then ducked behind a tree further into the forest but close enough that she could still see out. She could see Pettigrew retransforming, and then Matilda going flying, and Pettigrew disappearing again as her past self stood, disoriented as he scampered away. She kept her eyes in the small, furtive movements of the grass and then on Matilda, who was haring after Scabbers while herself followed clumsily behind.Calla crouched down, eyes on the tree line, as something like eyes caught the light. Gotcha. She waited a moment, eyes straining as light rose behind her, as Matilda yowled and the rat came sprinting into the forest.She flung herself towards it, grabbing him tightly in her hands. "You-" she said, wrestling with the tiny thing "-aren't - going - anywhere - now." She checked his paws quickly - sure enough, he was missing a toe - and then Calla shoved the rat roughly in her pocket. Matilda looked up at her approvingly, and her stomach settled just a little.There was a crashing sound as her past self stumbled into the forest, and she and Matilda dipped further into the forest. She knew she couldn't do more now, not until she found Harry and Hermione and they could figure it out. They had Buckbeak and Sirius could fly away on him if need be, but if Fudge just saw Pettigrew, then surely it'd be enough anyway. But a Plan B definitely helped.Then she heard her own voice. She turned a little, seeing that eerie white light behind her. She wanted to look closer, see what it really was, who that awful skeletal hand belonged to, but knew she couldn't be seen. And she had to keep a grip on the rat, who was squirming and squealing in her pocket.There was a yelping sound in the distance, and she felt that cold begin to seep over her. With a shiver, she glanced at Matilda. "With me," she whispered, setting off along towards the lake. It was daft, but she wanted to know who had saved them. If it really was, by some mad twist of fate, their father... And she had a feeling she'd see Harry there, too.The Dementors were closing in on the lake, and Calla went around the other edge, keeping as much away from them as she could. Her hands shook but she gripped her wand, holding it tightly at her side while Scabbers squirmed."Calla!"She turned sharply, twisting, and saw Harry running in the same direction as her towards the lake. "I got him," she whispered, grabbing her brother's hand. "It's all okay. Is - did you see-""Come on."She and Harry tore off again, closer to the lake and the ring of bushes and trees. Her heart was pounding as she ran, feet thumping over grass and mud."This is where he was," Harry whispered, as they slowed a little near the edge, concealed for the most part behind a large bush. "Dad."Scabbers squealed indignantly in Calla's pocket. On the other side of the lake, there were some very faint glimmers of silver, wisping from the ends of their wands. Calla saw herself falter, hang her head. The lights went out. "Any moment now," Harry whispered, looking around him. "Come on, Dad."But there was no one there. Calla's stomach churned. Who was coming, and when? They needed someone, now. "Come on," Harry muttered nervously. "Where are you, come on?"One of the Dementors across the lake lowered its hood. Harry tensed. Scabbers squealed louder. And then Harry stood up and before Calla could stop him, had flung himself out from behind the bush, stepping into the clearing with a perfect view across the lake. "What are you-""EXPECTO PATRONUM!" Harry bellowed. The silver light was blinding, roaring across the lake. An animal cantered, and Calla breathed a tremendous sigh. The silver stag, for good luck. Of course.The stag charged across the lake, sending the Dementors scattering and drawing back. They retreated into shadows, becoming one with the darkness as they disappeared.The stag turned, eyes fixed on Harry and loped slowly across the lake, back to him. Calla stood up, legs shaking, as it came to a slow just above the grass. "Prongs," she whispered, the same time as Harry did. She went over to him, reaching out a hand, but the stag disappeared before she could, wisping back into nothing. "You did it."For a moment the two of them just stared across the lake, not having any idea what to say. Then there was a galloping of hooves behind them and they both whirled around, to see Hermione running towards them, Buckbeak just behind. "What did you do? You said you wouldn't interfere!""I got the rat," Calla said, patting the pocket where Scabbers was; he squealed in protest. "And Matilda." Her kitten wrapped her tail around Calla's ankles, purring softly."Harry," Hermione breathed. "What did you-""I just saved all our lives," Harry said shortly. Calla grinned. "Come on, I'll explain.""Behind a tree or something," Calla whispered. "Snape'll be down in a minute."Crouched behind the bush, the twins explained what had just happened and Hermione stared at them, mouth having fallen wide open. "Did anyone see you?""I saw me," Harry said. "Remember, I said I thought it was my dad. But it wasn't, it was me, but I didn't know that! But it's okay!""I don't know - you two, look at Snape!"Calla gazed across to the other bank, where Snape - having regained consciousness at last - was busy conjuring stretchers for the three of them and Sirius. A fifth stretcher, with Ron on it, already floated by his side. They watched silently as he held his wand out in front of him and moved the stretchers onwards, on to the castle. Once he was out of sight, Hermione turned to Calla and Harry with a very serious expression."Right," she said tensely, and glanced at her watch. "It's nearly time. We have approximately forty five minutes until Dumbledore locks the door to the Hospital Wing. We've got to rescue Sirius, show Pettigrew to Fudge, and get back into the ward before anyone realises we're missing." She but her lip. "I don't know how we can show him Pettigrew without being outside the Hospital Wing, and then that'll raise a whole host of questions.""Unless we take him to Dumbledore," said Calla. "He can show him to Fudge."Hermione's eyes lit. "Yes. Yes, Calla, that should work. Alright, so as Dumbledore leaves, we run in, and give him the rat to change back and show to Fudge." Scabbers whined and clawed at Calla's pocket. Matilda hissed."Okay," Calla said, wringing her hands. This was going to be very, very tricky to pull off, she was beginning to realise. Even now she'd gotten her hands on Scabbers, there were a whole host of issues and things that could go wrong."So now we wait," Harry said nervously. She nodded."So now we wait."The bush beside them rustled in the gentle breeze, and Calla waited patiently as they watched the lake. Somewhere in the distance a wolf howled, and Calla shuddered. That was Remus, out there somewhere. Alone. "It'll be okay," she said quietly, more to herself than to anyone else."D'you reckon he's up there yet?" Harry asked quietly, glancing over the lake and its roving clouds."Look!" Hermione whispered. "Who's that? Someone's coming back out of the castle!"It was MacNair, Calla realised. The executioner. An axe was still held and gleaming in his belt. "He's goin to get the Dementors," she whispered, shuddering. "Come on. We should go now.""Right," Harry said, helping Hermione onto Buckbeak's back. Calla stared for a moment, and wondered how she'd never yet realised that she'd have to fly Buckbeak. But that should have been obvious. Her stomach plummeted. "Calla?" Her brother was sitting atop Buckbeak, looking at her. "Are you getting on?"She felt suddenly very hot. It was one thing to try and fly Harry's old broom a few feet in the air in the garden, but this was a Hippogriff - albeit a very lovely one - and she'd be flying to the top of West Tower. The thought made her feel ill. "You know I can't fly," she said, face reddening."You'll be fine, Cal," Harry told her, offering out his hand anxiously. "I won't let you fall."Her stomach twisted as she looked at the castle, its towers all so high into the sky. "It's a very long way," she said, swallowing deeply."Go between me and Hermione," Harry told her, looking anxiously up at the castle. "You'll stay on, I promise. Sirius..."That spurred her into action. With a nervous lump in her throat, she took her brother's hand and climbed awkwardly onto Buckbeak's back. At least she didn't think he'd be inclined to chuck her off."Okay," Hermione said weakly. "This is it.""Hold onto me," Harry told her, and Calla wrapped her arms tightly around him, as Hermione did the same to her. "On you go, Buckbeak." He kicked his heels a little and the Hippogriff went running over the ground, then soaring into the dark sky. The wind raced past them, faster than anything Calla had ever felt before. She had to hold back a scream as Buckbeak's wings beat furiously underneath her. She tightened her grip on Harry, sure her nails were digging in, and Hermione held her very tightly."I don't like this," Hermione muttered. "I really, really don't like this.""You're not helping," Calla said faintly, making the terrible mistake of looking down. Her stomach lurched and she shut her eyes tightly, leaning heavily on Harry. "You had better not let me fall off, Harry Potter."They glided through the air, though Calla was still sure they were going to be thrown off at any moment. But she could feel Buckbeak under her, the power of his wings oddly reassuring, and she tried to force herself to stop feeling so dreadfully ill and terrified about it. Just as she was beginning to feel her terror wake and thought she might be capable of opening her eyes, Harry pulled Buckbeak sharply backwards and she had to bite down on a shrill scream.They slowed down, hovering in the air, and Calla opened her eyes nervously. "He's there!" Harry said, pointing to a window where Calla could see a shadow lingering against a wall. Sirius. Harry tapped sharply on the window pane.Sirius' head snapped up, eyes widening. His jaw dropped and he sprang to his feet, rushing over to the window. "Stand back!" Hermione called to him, and though she and Calla both took out their wands, Calla let her do it. "Alohamora!"The window sprang open. "How - how?" Sirius asked breathlessly, staring at Buckbeak. "What's going on?""I really don't like heights," Calla moaned, looking at him. "So please just get on.""There's not much time," Harry explained, trying to guide Buckbeak a little closer to the window. "You have to get out of here, Sirius, the Dementors are coming - MacNair's just gone to get them."Sirius stared a moment like he couldn't believe he was still alive to see this, and then placed a hand on either side of the window frame and heaved himself out. Calla helped pull him along - it was lucky he was so thin and light - and got him to fling a leg over Buckbeak. He wobbled a bit, and she pushed him upright as he got his balance."Okay," Harry said, shaking the rope he had around Buckbeak. "On we go, Buckbeak. Up to the top of the tower, come on!"Buckbeak gave a tremendous flutter of his wings and Calla tensed as they took off again. Her stomach felt like it was spinning. They soared upwards, as high as the top of the Tower. There was a clatter as Buckbeak landed on the battlements, and Calla's stomach gave a final lurch. Harry and Hermione jumped off, and she tried to do the same, fumbling awkwardly. "Don't fall," she muttered to herself, and scrambled off of Buckbeak's back. She didn't fall.Calla opened her eyes, looking at Sirius, and stroking Buckbeak a final time. "Look after him," she told Sirius. "He's a very good Hippogriff." Buckbeak whinnied and tossed his head back. "And he knows it, too.""Sirius, you've got to go," Harry said, panting. "They'll get to Flitwick's office at any moment, they'll realise you're not there. Who - who knows what they'll do.""We've got Pettigrew though," Calla said, pleased he hadn't managed to fall out of her pocket on the ride. "We'll clear your name, it'll work out, I promise!""What happened to the other boy?" Sirius asked urgently. "Your friend, Ron?""He's going to be okay," said Harry quickly. "He's out of it at the moment, but he'll be alright. Madam Pomfrey says she can get him back to normal. Now quick, go!"Sirius stared between them. "How can I ever thank-""Go!" they all said urgently.Sirius swallowed deeply, shuffling forward to take Buckbeak's reins. He wheeled him around to face the open sky. "We'll meet each other again soon," he promised. "I'll speak to Remus, when I can, we'll figure this out..." His eyes shone damply at them. "You truly are your father's children."Then he kicked his heels in, turned Buckbeak, and they began their ascent into the air. Calla watched them go breathlessly, waving goodbye to Buckbeak. She hoped she'd see him again too, and that Hagrid might. The two of them glided towards the moon; then a cloud fell over it, and a moment later, they were gone.

"We have to go," Hermione said to them abruptly as Sirius and Buckbeak went out of sight. "They'll be up here any minute, and we have to get back to the Hospital Wing.""Have you still got the rat?" Harry asked, and Calla prodded the lump in her pocket, which yelped and hissed at her."I've got him. Come on, I know the quickest way back."She led Harry and Hermione through a small doorway just behind them, hastily tossing the Invisibility Cloak over them all as they scampered down a tight spiralling staircase. They weren't far from Ravenclaw Tower, and from there they could take a passage that cut between floors to the Entrance Hall, and then run up to the Wing when Dumbledore was about to leave and give him Scabbers. It would all be done with soon. She grinned at the thought; she could change this.At the sound of voices at the bottom of the stairs, they paused, Calla shoving Harry and Hermione behind her. She listened closely to the voices, which sounded like Snape and Fudge. "...only hope Dumbledore won't put up a fuss about the Kiss," Snape was saying. "It will be performed immediately, yes?""As soon as MacNair returns with the Dementors, yes. I can't tell you how embarrassing this whole Sirius Black affair has been, I'm very much looking for learn to informing the Daily Prophet when the Kiss is performed. I rather expect they'll want to interview you, Snape... And once they are back to their right minds, Harry and Calla, too." Calla pulled a face at that. "I'm sure they'll want to tell the Prophet exactly what Black was going to do, and how you saved the two of them." She scoffed quietly. It was never like Snape to save anybody. "Though I must ask, what was it the Greengrass girl wanted with you?"Calla's eyes widened and she pressed closer. Hermione tugged her sleeve. "Nothing of importance now," Snape said smoothly. "Only that she was concerned for her friend and wanted to ensure it was all in hand. She will be informed of tonight's events in the morning."Calla pulled away then, with a feeling they were about to pass them, and she led Harry and Hermione running out of the Tower, into a little alcove. She checked and there was no one there, so she ran the rest of the way to Ravenclaw Tower, tearing around a corner and sweeping aside a tapestry. "Averis," she whispered, and the bricks made way for her. "Come on, quickly. Follow me, and watch your step.""How did you remember all these?""It's fun," she said simply, hopping over a stone. "I quite like exploring. Come on, you two, hurry up, we can't miss Dumbledore!""We haven't got very long!" said Hermione anxiously, and Calla fumbled to find her hand in the dark, dragging her along."I know, that's why I'm running! Turn left!"They turned, and Calla took the next narrow staircase two at a time, half galloping down the steps in her haste. They came to an abrupt stop at the wall, and Calla bent down to peek through the small gap in the stones. Dumbledore was still inside the Hospital Wing. "All clear," she whispered, wand at the ready to clear the bricks. "Wait on my cue."It was only a minute before she heard Dumbledore's footsteps come from the Hospital Wing, and whispered again, "Averis."The bricks cleared and she stepped out, followed by Harry and Hermione. Dumbledore stopped as he saw them come out, Calla still with a cobweb in her hair. "My," he said, eyes wide. "That was quite the unexpected Entrance."She sprinted over to him, fumbling in her pocket and grabbing Scabbers tightly, thrusting him out to Dumbledore, who stared at her. "It's Peter Pettigrew," she said triumphantly. "You have to show Fudge.""Of course," he said, taking a squealing Scabbers tightly. "Well?""Sirius got away, on Buckbeak," said Harry breathlessly. "He's free, and we - now we can prove he's innocent.""Indeed," said Dumbledore, eyes twinkling. "I believe you have gone now, too. Get inside. I will see to Peter here."Calla nodded furiously and ducked inside. She crept over to her own bed, crawling under the covers again as she heard the lock click behind her. A moment later, as Harry and Hermione also got back to their beds, Madam Pomfrey came bustling out of her office. "Am I allowed to look after my patients now?" she demanded.Calla smiled at her meekly. Madam Pomfrey grumpily handed her a bar of chocolate and she accepted it quietly, which she thought was probably for the best. Pomfrey stood over the three of them as they ate, making sure they had it all, but Calla wasn't sure she could eat. There was a very nervous lump in her throat as she listened out, nerves on edge, waiting for something. As she took another bit of chocolate from Madam Pomfrey, she heard a distant roar of fury coming from afar, somewhere high above them."What on Earth is that?" Madam Pomfrey asked, looking quite alarmed.Now there were angry voices, growing even louder. They ebbed for a moment, followed by a shout and a series of muffled yelling and bangs. Calla stared at the door. "Really," Madam Pomfrey huffed. "They'll wake everyone up with that racket!"Calla listened closer, ears straining. "He must have Disapparated, Severus, we should have had someone in the room with him. But really, this - this changes everything. Dumbledore, how on earth did you find him?""Chance is a fickle thing," Dumbledore said pleasantly. "How happy it is that Sirius has escaped and the true criminal been found, just in time. Don't you agree, Cornelius?""When this gets out!" Fudge was shouting. "The Daily Prophet will have my head for this, Dumbledore!""This does not prove Black is not a killer," Snape was saying. "He broke the law running from the Dementors! And he had help, Fudge, Albus, mark my words! Potter-""Harry and Calla are both locked safely in the Hospital Wing," Dumbledore said calmly, his voice growing louder and closer. "Perhaps we ought to make sure Peter here is secure before you go accusing anybody, Severus.""You can't take me!" Pettigrew screeched then, and something thrashed against a wall. "Please, please, I was scared, so scared! I ran! He killed the rest of them, he was going to kill me too! I had to get out!""Understandable for an innocent man," Dumbledore said. "But, Cornelius, I am sure you agree this will need a full trial and inquest. The points of the charge against Sirius Black have changed now."Just then, the doors to the Hospital Wing opened and Dumbledore strode in, followed by a whimpering Pettigrew, held by ropes, and Fudge and Snape, the latter of whom looked absolutely furious that Sirius has gotten away. "And as you can see, Severus, Harry, Calla and Miss Granger are all safely here in their hospital beds.""THEY HELPED HIM!" Snape roared, and Calla jumped. "THEY HELPED BLACK ESCAPE!"Calla blinked at him, putting on a very confused look. "He's escaped?""There he is!" Hermione said shrilly, pointing at Pettigrew. "See, we told you, didn't we? It's Pettigrew."Madam Pomfrey looked quite uncaring. "Really," she said, "this is a Hospital Wing. Unless one of you required medical assistance-""OUT WITH IT, POTTER!" Snape was spitting. "WHAT DID YOU DO?""They flew him away on the Hippogriff!" Pettigrew whined. "The Hippogriff, Buckbeak! I saw them, after they grabbed me! He could have killed me!""And yet, he did not," Dumbledore said quietly. "You are quite alive, Peter. As for how they got a Hippogriff to carry Black away, why, I doubt they could do that from the Hospital Wing.""THEY HELPED HIM ESCAPE!" Snape bellowed again. "I KNOW THEY DID!""Calm down, man!" Fudge barked. "You're talking nonsense.""YOU DON'T KNOW POTTER! HE DID IT! SEE, HEAR WHAT PETTIGREW TELLS YOU!""Forgive me, Severus, I believe Peter's words are already rather suspect. No doubt spending twelve years as a rat has addled his coherence.""BUT HE TOLD YOU! THEY TOOK THE HIPPOGRIFF!""I don't understand," Calla said quickly, blinking rapidly. She had to stop them from thinking anything was amiss there. "What - what do you mean, about Buckbeak? I thought... Did they not... You know... do it?""When we returned outside, the Hippogriff had gotten loose," said Fudge curtly. "Quite how, none of us can fathom.""He got loose?" Calla asked, feigning shock. "But we... We saw the executioner... He was there with us," she said, pointing at Pettigrew. "If you can believe him about some... Whatever he's trying to say about helping Black escape, he was with us. He knows we never got Buckbeak."Pettigrew did indeed look very confused. "But they - they...""I believe we should leave Calla, Harry and Hermione to their recovery," Dumbledore said. "And we must at once get to the bottom of what on Earth has happened here, Peter.""He tried to kill me!" Pettigrew started yelling again."You killed that whole street!" Harry yelled back. "He was the Secret Keeper, they switched without telling anyone, he got Mum and Dad killed!""I - I never - betray James and Lily... I would never, Dumbledore, I would never!""I suspect Sirius Black might say the same," Dumbledore said. "Come now. Cornelius-""Yes, Yes, Dumbledore," Fudge said. "We had best get to the bottom of this. Frightful storm it'll cause, I can't tell you how embarrassing it all is..."They traipsed from the room, Pettigrew held very securely by Dumbledore. Calla breathed a sigh of relief once they were gone, her head spinning. Once they got to the bottom of the truth with Pettigrew, they could lock him up and set Sirius free. Pomfrey hurried over to the giant hospital doors, locking them loudly and went back to her office, muttering furiously to herself.Just then, Ron began to stir in his own bed. Calla could see him sitting up, rubbing his head, and frowned at them, looking quite confused. "What's - What's happened?" he asked, staring around. "Where's Pettigrew? And Black and Lupin? What's going on?"Calla shook her head, lying back down and staring a the ceiling. "You explain, Harry," she said, groaning as she remembered something. "I've got an exam in eight hours."As it happened, Calla did not have to attend her exam. Dumbledore came by at eight to inform her that Hagrid would vouch for her performance throughout the year and due to the night's events, she didn't have to sit the exam, which was an immense relief. Apparently, Pettigrew was in Ministry custody, and had after hours, confessed to everything. She went back to sleep again as he left.She woke again at twelve, just in time to see Daphne and Padma rushing in after their Care of Magical Creatures exam. "Calla!" Daphne yelled, and she grimaced, still relieved beyond belief to see her friend. "Calla! You're okay! We couldn't find you, we went to Remus' office because we didn't know if you'd be there but he wasn't there either so we were confused and then we saw this - this map and-" She panted."It said Peter Pettigrew on it, we saw you going to the Whomping Willow, and we saw Sirius Black's name too, we didn't know what was going on but-""I took a photo! With my camera, you know the one I got for Christmas! I went to show Snape but he didn't seem to listen but then they - they're saying Black got away-""And that he was innocent too, but not everyone believes that, but apparently you said it was so, that's what everyone's saying but no one actually knows-""But obviously you just had to be right in the middle of it, when we realised you were hurt-""We should have come with you, the exam was awfully boring anyway, you didn't miss much, we had more of a challenge-""But are you alright? We didn't know what to think, it's all so confusing and it's all anyone can talk about, they're all headed off to Hogsmeade but we wanted to see you as soon as the exam was done-""But Snape said-" Daphne caught Padma's eyes and bent down, whispering. "Snape said Remus Lupin's a werewolf."Ice went right through her. "What - what do you mean?""He's a werewolf. We didn't know if you knew...""I - I know," Calla said. "But... What do you mean, Snape told you?""He told everyone," Padma whispered. "At breakfast."Calla flung her duvet off. "What? I have to go and see Remus! Harry!"Her brother glanced over, and startled at the worried expression on her face. "Snape's told everyone," she hissed. "About Remus.""WHAT?"Harry, too, flung his bedsheets off. Madam Pomfrey came storming out of her office. "What's all this commotion? Miss Greengrass, Miss Patil, I thought you might take advantage of the weather and go outside?""We had to see Calla," Daphne said, grasping her hand."Can we go now, Madam Pomfrey?" Calla asked urgently. Hermione looked over at her confusedly. "Please?"She tutted. "Yes, I suppose. But keep eating chocolate, remember. And don't strain yourself." Calla nodded, getting up and grabbing the bag at the bottom of her bed, sprinting out of the Hospital Wing with Harry just behind her. "Don't run!"They were breathing heavily by the time they got to Remus' office, the two of them bursting in and shouting. "Remus! Daphne just saw us, Snape's told everyone, he can't do that!""Are you okay, what happened?""They've got Pettigrew, Sirius escaped and so did Buckbeak - it's a long story I don't think we're actually allowed to tell you - but its all alright, but how are you? What's going on, did you get hurt?"Remus held up a calm hand. "Sit down, the two of you. I'm quite alright."Calla sighed as she took a seat, staring at her godfather. "Are you sure? What happened?" She looked around then, noting the boxes and the trunks around his room. "Are you packing?""I've just handed in my resignation.""WHAT?""But you can't resign!""You're the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we've ever had!""Everyone says so! Just because Snape-""Parents will no doubt know of my condition by now," Remus said tiredly. He placed a small basket of teacups in his trunk. "The letters will be flooding Dumbledore's office soon enough; no one will want a werewolf around their children.""But you're not dangerous!""I think I proved that wrong last night. The two of you could have been seriously hurt, as could any of my students.""But that's because you were coming to save us!""Unfortunately few will see it that way. And Snape is very angry, I doubt he will let me remain in my post if he has anything to do with it.""He shouldn't have anything to do with it! He had no right to tell anyone!""The loss of his Order of Merlin has hit him very hard, I'm afraid," said Remus wryly. "In his anger I believe he, er, accidentally let slip about my condition.""I doubt it was an accident," Calla muttered. "He shouldn't have told anyone!""But he did," Remus said quietly. "And in all honesty, after last night, I couldn't bring myself to remain somewhere that I put you at risk." Calla floundered. She didn't know what to say. "Dumbledore told me this morning, you saved a lot of lives last night. Both of you. If I'm proud of anything, it's how the two of you have learned. Tell me, Harry, what form does your Patronus take?""You heard about that?" Harry asked, suddenly distracted."What else could have driven the Dementors back?" Remus said quietly.So Harry hesitated before he told Remus everything. "Yes," Remus said eventually, "your father was always a stag when he transformed. That's why we called him Prongs.""I knew it," Calla whispered, smiling gently.Remus tossed the last of his books into his trunk, and closed the lid firmly. "I am no longer your teacher," he said. "As such, I have no issues with giving you the Map back. I'm sure you will find plenty of use for it."Calla took the parchment nervously, holding it in her hands. After the events of last night, it felt all the heavier. "Thank you," she said quietly. "Have you... Have you heard from Sirius at all?""Dumbledore has sent him an owl," Remus said. "Wherever it is he may be.""I hope he can be freed," Calla told him. "Not just for him. I know it must have been hard all these years, without any of them."Remus smiled sadly, closing his trunk. "Yes. Yes, it has."There was a knock at the door and Calla folded the map, placing it safely in her pocket. Professor Dumbledore entered. "Your carriage is at the gates, Remus."Remus nodded, looking very tiredly. "Goodbye for now, Calla, Harry. I will... See if I can visit you over the holidays. I don't know where I'm going to be staying, but I promise you, I will try.""We know," Harry said, and the two of them went to hug him a final time. "Sirius - Sirius said he'd speak to you. About if we could stay with him and you instead of with the Dursleys."Remus smiled kindly. "I'm sure we will find some solution."Then he picked up his case and trunk and nodded firmly. "There's no need to see me to the gates, Headmaster. I can manage myself."Calla stared after him as he left, and Harry sank down into a chair. She did the same, looking miserably at the floor. "Why so glum, the two of you?" Dumbledore asked as the door closed. "You did a wonderful thing last night.""Yeah, but Remus has to leave." She looked at the floor. "If we'd only been more sensible, if he hadn't have had to come...""Then you may very well have been killed. You may not have known the truth, and saved Sirius' innocent life."Calla knew he was right, but she shook her head anyway, clutching her knees to her chest. "Remus could have been hurt. I was so worried...""As was he about you. But you have been fantastic, both of you. Pettigrew has confessed to his crimes and his intention to return to his master, whose location he still will not disclose - though we can guess - and we have multiple Ministry figures here who are dealing with the case. The Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and the Head of International Co-Operation are both working to get justice and to track down Sirius. Pettigrew will be out of the castle and taken to a secure cell. Then we will find Sirius.""And give him a trial?" Calla asked. "A fair one? We can testify!""And I am sure you will," Dumbledore told her. "Thank you, Calla. I know you are upset, but you have saved a great many lives tonight. In finding Peter Pettigrew, you have halted Voldemort's return.""Halted?""Professor Dumbledore," Harry said quickly. "I... I haven't told you or Calla this yet, but in my Divination exam yesterday, Professor Trelawney said something very strange.""Did she now?""Yes. She... Her voice went all funny and her eyes rolled back and she started speaking. She said Voldemort's servant was going to set out to find him, that he would help him back to power. That the one once hiding would be freed, and - and that servant and master would be reunited... Once more.""A prophecy," Calla whispered. She could hardly believe it, but she did. Trelawney had made a true prophecy, despite what everyone would have said. She knew it."Was she really making a real prediction, Professor?"Dumbledore looked a mixture of impressed and surprised. "Do you know, Harry, I think she might have been. I believe that takes her number of true predictions up to two. Perhaps I should offer her a pay raise...""But-" Harry spluttered. "I didn't... She never talked about it the way Calla does. I didn't think that she... Could really See.""I told you," Calla said, sighing. "I said she was the real thing. You didn't listen, but I did tell you.""But... We - no, I saved Pettigrew's life! If he really had gotten away then it would have been my fault that he returned!""But he did not," Dumbledore said gently. "You and your sister saw to that.""More Calla than me," Harry muttered."Even so," said Dumbledore. "You did a very noble thing in saving Pettigrew's life. When a wizard saved another wizard's life, it creates a certain bond between them. Pettigrew is forever in your debt, whether he realises it or not. And Harry... I do believe that were your father in your situation, he would have spared Pettigrew, too."Calla smiled weakly. She hadn't wanted Pettigrew dead either; now real justice could be enacted, with all the facts gathered. "I..." Harry started, looking nervous. "I thought I saw my dad earlier. I thought it had been him who had cast the Patronus. When I saw myself across the lake... Well, it looked like him.""An easy mistake to make," Dumbledore said gently. "I suspect you are tired of hearing this, Harry, but you really do look extraordinarily like your father. Except your eyes... You both have your mother's eyes.""It was stupid," Harry muttered. "Thinking it was him. I knew he was dead.""You think the ones we have loved ever truly leave us?" Dumbledore looked kindly at them both, warmly. "You think that we don't recall them clearer than ever when we are in trouble, when we are scared? Your father is alive in both of you. Harry, James showed himself most clearly when you had need of him. How else could you produce that particular Patronus? Prongs rode again that night."Calla blinked. Did Dumbledore mean what she thought he meant? "Sirius told me all about how they became Animagi while at school," Dumbledore continued, still smiling at them. "Quite an extraordinary feat, not least the keeping it from me all that time. And then, Harry, I remembered the most unusual form your Patronus took that day at Ravenclaw match, against Mr Malfoy and his companions. So you did see your father that night, Harry. You found him inside of yourself."Calla felt then an awful pang. If she had cast her Patronus, if she'd realised what Harry did, would she have found her father in her, or her mother? Would she have found either of them? There had only ever been one stag.She wasn't sure now that she wanted to know what form her Patronus took. Maybe she wouldn't ever know.Dumbledore left the office quietly, leaving the two of them to their own thoughts.She spent the rest of the day with Daphne and Padma, in the quiet between drawing and reading. Her mind was occupied, and she was sure her friends wanted to speak to her, but they let her stay in her silence and she appreciated that.Before dinner though, the rest of the School returned, and she couldn't stay quiet forever. She had to endure all the questions from her yearmates - Lisa's shocked look, Isobel's exclamation over Buckbeak, Michael's confusion about Peter Pettigrew - all the way until they got down to the Great Hall, when Padma and Terry insisted they leave her alone to eat."Thanks," she muttered, sitting down. She still couldn't shake her lingering sense of unease. Everything still didn't feel quite right. Trelawney's prophecy... Hadn't been completed yet. And her vision still weighed on her mind.XxIt was all over the Daily Prophet the next morning. How Sirius Black had escaped, how the Ministry had been forced to reveal Pettigrew was still alive and slipped through their fingers all these years, how it was 'a dreadful embarrassment for Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge' and would require 'serious inquiry into the Ministry's shortcomings'. The author of the piece seemed very conflicted on whether Sirius was a murderer or not, but it said that there would be a trial soon."People think Fudge might have to resign," Daphne said conversationally."He won't," said Michael, also reading the paper. "Father's always said Fudge would never let go of being Minister.""After this, though?" Daphne shook her head.The rest of the article basically just went over what Calla already knew, but at the bottom told her that Sirius Black was being tracked and called for trial and that Pettigrew had been moved to a secure location within the Ministry. Not Azkaban, she noted curiously. Perhaps they realised that to send him to Azkaban would be futile, but she did wonder where else he might be."Come on," Padma said after breakfast, trying to herd them outside. "We should take our minds off this. It's a lovely day."And Calla supposed it was, but she still felt chilly. Maybe it was just the Dementors, having a lasting effect, as they often did. They were gone now, at least; Dumbledore had ordered it.But the next day, there was a new headline. Calla had known before she even saw it. More Scandal for Fudge: Death Eater Escapes Justice Again. They were calling into question his grip on his Ministry, but Calla heard all sorts later that day, until she couldn't bear it. People were saying that the Department for Magical Law Enforcement had failed, some were whispering about a Mister Crouch, how Pettigrew had probably gotten to France by now, how the Department of International Co-Operation didn't know what to do. It sounded like chaos.Calla was exhausted by it. She went back to the dormitory, haunted and tired and heavy, and she slept.XxThe exam results came out on the last day of term. Calla had refused to leave the dormitory at first - what was so important about exams when Voldemort could return at any moment? - but Padma had all but hauled her out. "I know this is messed up," she said. "But you have to come out at some point.""I'll have failed anyway," Calla said huffily. "There's no point.""Don't be silly," Padma sighed. "You won't have and if you have, who cares? O.W.L.s are still two years away. Come on."She'd protested quietly all the way to the board where their exam results had been posted, squashing in the middle of Rachel Harris and Tracey Davis. "Ravenclaw scores are over that end," Tracey said, and Calla and Padma shuffled along through the crowd.Their names were next to each other, and Calla grabbed the two sheets of parchment, handing Padma's over without looking. "Well?" Padma asked her, as Calla still hadn't looked at hers. "Open them together?""Together," Calla said, unfolding the parchment.Her stomach twisted as she read. E in Astronomy. O in Ancient Runes. E's in Charms, Care of Magical Creatures, Herbology and Potions, somehow. She had an O in Divination, too, which wasn't a surprise but still a relief. And one E in History of Magic, too. It was Defense Against the Dark Arts and Transfiguration which she was most worried about. Her stomach flipped as she checked them. Two As.She could feel herself about to cry and so dragged Padma away, towards where Daphne and Isobel also lingered. "I passed," she whispered when they were all together. "I passed everything."It was the first time.Despite everything else, the exam results had been enough to put her in a pleasant mood the rest of the day, until she went to see Dumbledore, who had summoned her. She entered nervously, looking around. Fawkes was preening himself on his perch, and Dumbledore sat serenly behind his desk. "Ah, Calla," he said calmly, glancing up. "Sit, please."She did so, a little nervous, but smiled when she caught Fawkes' eyes. "Is this about Peter Pettigrew, Professor?""Yes," he said, "and no. I suspected you had a lot of questions, which you haven't quite had answered.""Well," Calla said awkwardly, "yeah. How did he get away?"Dumbledore looked at her gently. "There are some things we may never know." Her face fell. That was very much not a satisfactory answer. "But we can speculate on accomplices, and we can consider his own tricks that got him out of the situation. That is not what matters. I'm sure you have an idea of what is coming, moreso than many of us."Calla flushed. "Yeah. I... I know he's going to come back, Professor." Dumbledore didn't look shocked. "I don't know what to do.""It is not up to you, Calla," Dumbledore said kindly. "Frankly, as a thirteen year old, there is not much that you can do.""I want to do something." Another question lingered in her throat. "And Professor, I... I've been wondering... How did people know what happened that night? When..." She struggled to get the words out. "When our...""When Voldemort killed your parents?" Dumbledore said it gently, almost too gently. "Many have speculated, Calla. It was Voldemort's intention that night to hunt down your brother, and in attempting to do so, destroyed his own body.""He wanted Harry?" Calla stared. She'd always assumed Voldemort had been after their parents - why wouldn't he? What had Harry ever done? "Why?""All in good time," Dumbledore merely told her, which didn't help at all. "But in causing the curse to rebound, your brother took on the title of the Boy-Who-Lived and one way or another, the wizarding world knew him. And you, too, of course.""But Harry was the important one.""Harry was the child the world focused on as their figurehead," Dumbledore corrected. "Of course, no one truly knows what happened that night... why Harry survived... why he has his scar... or why you have one, too.""I heard him," Calla blurted out before she could stop herself. Dumbledore raised his grey eyebrows. "When the Dementors come near me... I can hear V-Voldemort." She could sworn Dumbledore's face fell, his eyes sad as they looked upon her. "Harry can hear our mother but I... all I can hear is him.""What does he say?" Dumbledore asked gently, and Calla both hated that he asked and was desperate for the chance to answer."He says... mine. He says there's no point fighting or resisting - I think he says it to my mother - but it's like, he wanted something. He wanted to take something. And I don't know what it was but... I'm scared he got it."There. It didn't feel much better to have gotten the words out, nor to have Dumbledore look at her with his sad, penetrating eyes. "I'm afraid I do not know," he said quietly. "But whether he has or has not, you know what you must do, Miss Potter. You must fight him every step of the way, as you have always done, with your brother.""With what?" Calla asked. "How am I meant to fight him when I can barely transfigure a gerbil?""It takes a different kind of magic to fight evil," Dumbledore told her. "A magic few truly understand and which Voldemort never could. It takes love, Miss Potter, something you have in abundance, despite everything that would stop you.""And if love isn't enough?"Dumbledore looked at her with a wan sort of smile. "How do you feel your Occlumency has progressed?"It wasn't what she expected him to ask. Calla took a moment before she could respond. "I... only a little bit, I think.""And how do you feel you are controlling your Sight? Better?" She nodded hesitantly and Dumbledore looked pleased. "You have strengths, Calla, even if you do not understand them or accept them yet. Use them, better them. I want you to keep a note of your visions this Summer, and anything else you see. Try to control them, guide them, block them or access them.""How?""Occlumency works by clearing the mind, as I have told you many a time. But you must also understand it, and to do so, you must understand yourself, and your magic. It acts as a defense, to protect you - so use it as one. And use it to fight.""So I just have to... will it to work?""If you know how," Dumbledore said with something of a smile."That doesn't really help, Professor.""It may, if you let it." And with that he smiled and waved Fawkes over; the Phoenix glided over Calla's head, the tip of his tail feathers brushing the top of her hair, and landed handsomely on Dumbledore's shoulder. "Enjoy your summer, Miss Potter. I may be in touch."When the Hogwarts Express pulled out of the station the next morning, everyone was cheerful, even Calla, though she had spent an awful lot of time last night trying to figure out what Dumbledore was talking about. She sat with her feet up on the opposite seat, Daphne leaning her head on her shoulder. It was then that Hermione made a surprising announcement. "I went to see Professor McGonagall this morning," she told them, "before breakfast. I've decided to drop Muggle Studies.""But you passed your exam with three hundred and thirty per cent!" Ron said."You what?" Daphne asked, sitting up sharply. Calla jolted out of the way, surprised. "Hermione!""I can't stand another year like that one," Hermione said with a sigh. "That Time-Turner was driving me mad. Without Muggle Studies and Divination I can get back to a normal timetable again, with three subjects like Calla, Padma and Daphne do.""I still can't believe you didn't tell us about it," Ron huffed. "We're meant to be your friends.""I couldn't tell anyone," Hermione said. "No matter how much I wanted to. McGonagall made me swear to absolute secrecy."They rounded a corner, and Calla caught a view of the Hogwarts Castle out of the window, just behind the mountains. It was beautiful... It would be months, long, awful months, before she got to see it again."Oh, cheer up, Harry," Hermione said tiredly."I'm okay!" Harry said quickly, startling away. Calla glanced at him and then back out the window. She knew he had been feeling just the same as he had. "Really. Just thinking about the holidays.""So have I," Daphne said just as Ron opened his mouth. "It's the Quidditch World Cup, you know. We're going, we should all meet there at some point. It's at the end of the holidays but... We can get organised, can't we?"Ron was nodding. "You two have to come and stay with us," he said. "I'll fix it up with Mum and Dad and you talk to Remus and Sirius and then I'll call you. I know how to use a fellytone now.""It's called a telephone," said Hermione and Daphne at once."You should do Muggle Studies next year," Daphne told him. "You could really use it.""Anyway," Ron said, looking at them sharply. "We can go to the cup together. Dad can usually get us tickets from work, and I'm sure he can get extra ones for the two of you too."Harry cheered up immensely at that, and Calla did find herself smiling. "Yeah... I bet the Dursleys'd be pleased to see us gone... Especially after what I did to Aunt Marge..."They were very cheerful all the rest of the train journey, through several rounds of Exploding Snap. Theodore and Zabini popped in at one point to chat to Daphne and ended up staying for two rounds, in which Theodore beat Ron and Ron was very upset about it. They left just before the Trolley Witch arrived, and Calla had a very pleasantly filling lunch."There's one thing I still don't quite understand," said Daphne, finishing her Pumpkin Pasty delicately. "You told us you'd had a vision, that you saw Pettigrew with the Dark Lord. But I don't... Really understand how.""That's because you've not been in our Divination class," Padma said. "Calla's excellent. Course she could See it.""Yeah, but, how?""I've been wondering that myself, actually," said Hermione. "It makes no sense that you would be able to See the future.""I can," Calla said quietly. "It's been happening since first year, that night we were in the Forest. I still don't know how it happens, but it does. I'm trying to control it but the visions come at odd times. I can See clearly though." She tapped her glasses with a little laugh. "Ironically. Crystal balls don't worry me, and I can see so many things in fires, all those omens. They're hard to make sense of, but I can see them. That's easier to manage than visions. It's like I get transported sometimes, just for a moment, to see what happens.""It doesn't sound very precise," Hermione said. "Are you sure it's right?""Yes," Calla said tersely. "Of course I'm sure.""If Calla's sure, she's probably right," Harry told them. She smiled at him, but was stopped from saying anything else by a sharp tapping at the window."What's that?" Padma asked, peering over Calla's shoulder to the window. She glanced out to see a very strange sort of ball of fluff bobbing in and out beyond the window pane."It looks like a... Flying Pom-Pom," Calla said."A flying what?""You'll cover it at some point, Daphne." Calla leaned over, straining to see. Matilda scratched at the glass, purring. "I think it's an owl, actually."When it came closer, she was sure that it was. But it was tiny and it carried a very large letter that looked not only too big but too heavy for it. "Poor thing," she said, pulling the window down. Harry leaned out to catch the little owl, which was being buffeted about in the wind, and snatched it inside. Calla snapped the window shut, leaning over to look at the little owl.It dropped the letter and then started immediately zooming around the compartment, almost smacking Calla in the face as she startled backwards. Matilda yowled and jumped up into the air, with Calla having to pull her back tightly into her lap. Crookshanks hissed at the owl, and Moony and Hedwig both ruffled their feathers, hooting in a dignified way. "Imagine Lisa's face if she was here," Daphne whispered and Calla giggled as Ron snatched the owl out of harm's way.The letter was addressed to Harry; Calla handed it over to him, and he opened it nervously, frowning. Then his face lit up. "It's from Sirius!""What?" Calla asked excitedly. "Read it out then!"She came round to his side, reading along with her brother.Dear Harry, I hope this finds you before you reach your aunt and Uncle. Remus tells me they're quite unused to owl post. Buckbeak and I are in hiding for now, until we get word that I can come back. The Ministry isn't too keen on letting all of this about Peter get out, and most still don't know the story. I do have some doubts about this owl's reliability, but he seemed keen and he is the best I could find.I don't know where Peter might be except running back to Voldemort, but you and Calla did a great thing in capturing him. Soon I should be able to get myself a trial, and prove my innocence. Then I can be free, and may be able to have custody of you - if of course that is still desirable. Remus explained that Dumbledore doesn't want you to live anywhere but with the Dursleys, but he doesn't technically have the legal power to decide that. I'll do everything I can to make this work out. There is something I never got around to telling you during our brief meeting. It was I who got you the Firebolt-"I knew it!" Hermione interrupted. "Didn't Calla and I tell you?""Wasn't cursed though, was it?" Ron said. "Ow!"The little owl, which was hooting quite contentedly in his hand, had bitten one of his fingers in what it seemed to think was an affectionate way. "Can't take an owl?" Daphne drawled, grinning at Ron.Crookshanks took the order to the owl post office for me, the letter continued on. I used your name but told them to take the gold from Gringotts vault number seven hundred and eleven - my own. And we managed to get a goblin to take out Lily's bracelet, which was in there, the most recent deposit. I wanted to have it, and then I wanted to give it to Calla.She ran her fingers over the bracelet, which was now fastened securely on her wrist.Please consider the broom as a lifetime's worth of birthday and Christmas gifts from your godfather. And Calla, if there is anything you would ever like from me, I would love to get it for you. She pulled a face at that. She didn't really want him to get anything for her; Remus was her godfather, not him.I would also like to apologise for the fright I think I gave you both that night last year when you left your aunt and uncle's house. Calla, you seemed not to mind me so much, but I could tell you were both still rather unsettled and I am sorry. I had only hoped to catch a glimpse of you both before I headed north, but I think I may have worried you instead.I am also enclosing something else for the two of you, which I believe may make your next year at Hogwarts more enjoyable. If you ever need anything from me, please send word. I will hopefully return to the country before the end of the Summer, but your owl can find me either way. I'll write again soon, and speak to Remus. SiriusHarry and Calla both looked curiously inside the envelope. There was another slip of parchment in there, and Calla read it quickly, finding herself suddenly beaming.I, Sirius Black, Harry Potter's godfather and Calla Potter's legal guardian, hereby give them both permission to visit Hogsmeade at weekends."That'll be good enough for Dumbledore!" Harry said excitedly, and Calla nodded, grinning. Maybe now she could finally go out with her friends."Hang on, there's a P.S..."I thought your friend Ron might like to keep the owl, as it is my fault he no longer has a rat."Really?" Ron asked, eyes wide. The tiny owl was still hooting excitedly and high pitched. "Keep him?" He looked uncertain, and glanced around the compartment. Calla nodded excitedly at him; the owl looked really sweet. Then to Calla's astonishment, Ron held the owl out for Crookshanks to sniff."What d'you reckon?" he asked the cat. "Definitely an owl?" Crookshanks purred and Calla grinned. "Good enough for me," Ron said happily. "He's mine."Harry read and re-read the letter from Sirius all the way back from King's Cross Station, while Calla read the end of 'The Hobbit', Ron settled the owl in and introduced it to everyone, and Hermione, Daphne and Padma discussed Ancient Runes very passionately.The letter was still clutched in Harry's hand as they traipsed off the train at the station, arriving back on Platform Nine and Three Quarters. Calla already knew Remus wasn't coming to pick them up, but his absence was disheartening even so. "I'll write you as soon as I can," Daphne told Calla, hugging her. "I'm going to find out everything I can about Pettigrew, and about Sirius' trial. You'll let us know if anything happens, won't you?""Of course," Calla said, as Padma went in search of Parvati and Daphne of Astoria."Come on," Harry said, as they slipped through the barrier into the Muggle world together.Uncle Vernon was waiting on the other side, eyeing Mr and Mrs Weasley very suspiciously indeed. Mrs Weasley hugged Calla and Harry very enthusiastically in greeting, and at this, Uncle Vernon's fears seemed to have been confirmed. He made a very loud huffing sound, shaking his head."I'll call you about the World Cup!" Ron called to them as they bid him and Hermione goodbye, trailing their trunks behind them."What's that?" Uncle Vernon snarled, pointing at the letter Harry was still clutching. "If that's another form you've got for me to sign, you've got another-""It's not," Harry said cheerfully. "It's a letter from my godfather.""Godfather? Your godfather's left us in the lurch, I've had to take time out of my day to come and get the two of you-""No," Harry interrupted, grinning. "My godfather, not Remus.""You haven't got your own godfather.""Yes, I have," Harry said brightly. "He was Mum and Dad and Remus' best friend. He's a convicted murderer, but he's escaped from the wizard prison and now he's on the run, but we're hoping he'll get a re-trial soon. He likes to keep up with me and Calla though now... and Remus... you know, see how we're doing... how we're being treated... catch up on our news... check we're happy..."Grinning broadly at the look on Uncle Vernon's face, both of the twins set off towards the station exit, their trunks and cages rattling on the trolleys. Matilda leapt out of Calla's arms and hissed at Uncle Vernon, so she called her back. "You've got a cat?""She's still a kitten," Calla said pleasantly. "Her name's Matilda, for the book character. You know, the one who moves things with her mind?"Harry made a snorting sound as Uncle Vernon's face went purple, and together Calla and Harry went out into the sunshine, with a feeling this Summer might still manage to be okay.Author's Note: Please don't kill me :(. This marks the end of third year and a major turning point for the story. I'm super excited for y'all to read what's ahead. Let me know if there's anything in particular you guys want answered or expanded on for the coming year! And thanks again to everyone for reading and your comments.

That Summer was a strange one. Harry wasn't as talkative as usual, and Calla noted that he sent more letters than she did, many of them to Sirius. She didn't blame him for wanting to speak to Sirius, of course; had the roles been reversed she would likely have done the same, but it still grated on her a little, and she couldn't even explain why, it just did. She supposed it was just strange, having Sirius suddenly appear in their lives and completely turn what they that they knew on its head.And every day that passed bore no more news about Peter Pettigrew, or his capture. The writers at the Prophet seemed to be running out of things to say about the case, seeing as no one really knew where he'd gotten to or who had helped him out, and while Calla and Harry both had some suspicions - and she knew Remus and Sirius had more - the Prophet seemed not to have any clue. Maybe they just weren't allowed to say anything about it; Daphne had written to say her father had heard he was in Finland, but she wasn't technically meant to tell anyone. Calla would have thought they'd have been informed though.Sirius was being called back for a trial at the end of the month, and hopefully his name would be cleared, but without Pettigrew, Calla was still nervous. Not just for Sirius, but for everyone. She rarely went outside without her wand, just in case. It couldn't really do much, but it was something at least.She and Harry were waiting, very impatiently, for Sirius' trial. If he was declared innocent, and a free man, then they might have a chance of being able to go and live with him. Calla didn't want to live with Sirius, not necessarily - Remus had been in their lives the whole time they were growing up, and it wasn't fair to suddenly decide they wanted to live with Sirius and not him, after all he'd done for them - but she really didn't want to live with the Dursleys any longer than she needed to. The whole Summer had been awful, even worse than last year.She'd been feeling tired lately, too, though she tried to sleep as early as she could. Working on homework for school was her only outlet, taking her mind off of the Sirius case, off of Pettigrew and Voldemort. Harry said he thought she was tired because she was worrying, and she was, but she also felt very uneasy. She was sure now, after trying to consult three different methods of Divination, and to harness her own visions in the way Dumbledore has asked her - not that the latter method had had much success - that Pettigrew had made his way back to his master. They hadn't helped her discern how she escaped, but she was determined that she must be able to find some information. She had suspects, of course, not that she could exactly go around pointing the finger without proof. But something was coming, she could tell, and she could feel it like a tension in the air. Yet there wasn't much she could do about it, as a thirteen year old, even if she seemed more inclined to act than most of the adults in the Wizarding World. Cornelius Fudge seemed to be very quiet about it all, or at least that was the impression she got from the Daily Prophet.Harry at one point suggested that her fatigue was due to lack of food, which was entirely possible. Their diet this year had been very out of the ordinary. Though Calla and Harry had never been given significantly large portions to eat at Number Four, the Dursleys had been told in the end of term report that, to put it mildly, Dudley had managed to become roughly the size and weight of a baby whale. Which, for a fourteen year old boy, or indeed anyone who wasn't at least part-giant, was not a healthy weight at all.And so they were on rations. Dry grapefruit, mostly, but occasionally apples or bits of celery. Calla was even less fed here than in summers past, which was why the two of them had written to their friends at the start of the holidays to ask for food parcels, which they'd provided. Padma's mother's cooking, she'd discovered, was excellent, and Daphne had not only sent plenty of cakes and snacks of her own but had also at some point told Isobel, who had sent a massive box of shortbread. Calla was also extremely relieved that she'd thought to exchange some of her wizard currency to Muggle pounds last summer. She and Harry were able to go out and disappear for a few hours at a time each day, and often went for meals the likes of which the Dursleys would never treat them to - fast food, pizza, the works. Calla had gained a new love for burgers. It wasn't Hogwarts good, but anything was better than dried grapefruit every day.But that wasn't the only strange thing.There was a new family in Privet Park, just around the corner from Privet Drive. Calla'd seen them move in while she'd been out for a walk one day, trying to find somewhere she could go with Harry to have a meal for their birthday. Two parents, the mother dark haired and tall and the father fair and short, and three children. The youngest was about ten or eleven, a short but stocky boy with red hair, while the older two looked about Calla's age or a bit older, a tall, dark haired boy, and a slightly shorter blonde girl, high-cheekboned and sharp-elbowed.The area of Little Whinging in which Calla and Harry lived was not prone to changes. It did not like anything out of the ordinary, and neither did its inhabitants. Harry seemed mostly oblivious to their new neighbours, but Aunt Petunia would sniff every so often when she returned from errands and tell a woeful tale of those "Awful Baird children, running around like nobody's business, the little one screaming and getting in the way." She did seem to enjoy the new gossiping opportunities, though.It was when Calla, bored of only Harry's company - Dudley was too miserable to speak to anyone even to taunt them, and she stayed out of her aunt and uncle's way as best she could - decided on a hot Tuesday morning that she was going to introduce herself to the Baird children, that the Summer really started to get interesting.They weren't hard to miss. Calla went by on her rmorning walk after breakfast after leaving Harry to struggle over his Potions essay, and sure enough the youngest boy was already out in the front garden, doing cartwheels while his sister watched from the step. Taking a leap of faith and praying her boredom would cease, Calla leaned as casually over the fence as she could and said, "Hello."The girl looked up, frowning like she expected someone such as Aunt Petunia to tell her off for letting a child do such a ridiculous thing as cartwheel in a garden. Her face cleared a little, but she still looked a bit confused as she stared up at Calla. "Hello?" she asked. Calla blinked. She hadn't expected her accent, soft and smooth and distinctly Scottish, but it was pleasing nonetheless. "Do I know you?""Calla," Calla said quickly. "Sorry, I live round on Privet Drive, I... I thought I might come and say hello. It's boring as anything around there."The girl grinned in a way that reminded her a bit of Ginny Weasley. "Everywhere is around these parts," the girl said. Her brother tried to look up mid cartwheel and landed in a heap on the grass, causing him to whine loudly. "Bobby, what the hell are you doing?"At that, the woman in the house next door opened her curtains and glared suspiciously out of the front window. The girl scolded her brother, who muttered something rude under his breath and stomped off into the house. "He's an idiot," the girl said, rolling her eyes. She made her way up to the fence, and Calla could see she had a smattering of freckles over her nose and cheeks, and warm, brown eyes. "Sorry. What did you say your name was - Calla, right?" Calla nodded. "Cool. I'm Mairi. We just moved here, obviously. What number are you?" Calla blinked. "Privet Drive?""Oh, right." Calla smiled awkwardly. "Four."Mairi made a face. "I think Bobby and I've run into your brother."From the expression on her face, Calla could tell it was Dudley Mairi had run into, and it didn't appear to have been a pleasant encounter. She glanced at the window where Mairi's little brother was leaning out. "Dudley's my cousin," Calla said, with a wince of apology. "The blond one. He is a bit of a bully. I do have a brother, though, Harry. He's got dark hair, like me, but his is messier."To Calla's relief, Mairi laughed. "My brothers are both idiots. Bobby gets away with it 'cause he's little and people still think he's cute sometimes, but Andrew's sixteen and he's just an idiot.""Yeah, Harry's a bit of an idiot too," Calla said, as it struck her how easy it was to talk to Mairi already."I think it's a boy thing," Mairi said airily. "Do you want to come in, by the way? You look a bit pale, Mum'd kill me if I let someone get sunburnt standing in our garden."At that, Calla laughed, though her stomach gave a nervous flip. She barely knew this girl... But she was very different from the usual Privet Drive crowd. And she was nice. So she smiled. "If that's alright," Calla said, though Mairi was already unlatching the gate."So what's your story then?" Mairi asked, leading Calla down the path and into her house."Hmm?" she asked, too distracted by the numerous family pictures hanging on the wall, one of which was in front of one of the few castles she knew, Edinburgh Castle. Definitely Scottish, then, and the seemed quite happy to flaunt it."Well, how come you're living with your aunt and uncle? I mean, I'm assuming the other big guy isn't your dad, and they're blonde anyway.""Oh." Calla bit her lip. It wasn't something she liked to talk about, and she also couldn't tell this girl the truth, because she was fairly certain she wasn't magic - even if they were a bit different to the rest of their estate. "They died in a car crash, when me and Harry were about a year old.""Oh." Mairi looked down, flushed red. "Sorry, that was rude of me, wasn't it? Mum says... We're meant to make friends, but I'm not that good at it.""Oh, right."Mairi, who seemed to have stopped with the questions, looked at her for a moment, before biting her lip and asking, "Do you go to Stonewall, then, I take it?"Calla shook her head, and hesitated. Did she tell her a vague description of Hogwarts, or the story Uncle Vernon spun, that she went to St Beatrice's Institute for Delinquent Young Girls, the sister School to St Brutus' Centre for Incurably Criminal Boys? Deciding she didn't really want what may have been her first real Muggle friend to think she was a delinquent, she said, "I go to this boarding school my parents went to. My aunt and uncle don't like me talking about it, because they didn't like my parents. It's in Scotland actually."Mairi brightened at that. "Where about? It's not Loretto, is it? Or Mary Erskine's?""Uh, no," Calla said awkwardly, not knowing where either of those were. "It's near Inverness.""Oh, right." Mairi gave a small huff. "I have to go to Stonewall, apparently. It's an extra year for me - I should be doing my Standard Grades this year, but instead I have to wait an extra one to do the GCSEs." Calla wasn't sure what Standard Grades were, but assumed they were Scottish and probably a form of exam. Hogwarts didn't have either, only O.W.L.s and N.E. . "It kind of sucks. Mum and Dad are making Andrew do your Sixth Form, too, even though he just wants to start working. He thinks he can find a job with his Highers, and he'd be right if we got to stay in Scotland, but I don't think your lot even realise those exist."Calla didn't know that Highers did exist, but assumed they were another Scottish exam and just nodded. "My cousin Dudley, he's in Year Ten, so he'll be same year as you. He goes to Smeltings, though.""What's that?" Mairi wrinkled her nose like the word Smeltings carried a terrible whiff."This fancy all-boy's prep school." She laughed at the memory. "He wears a hat." They wore hats at Hogwarts, too, but that was only really first years."Is he a Tory then?" Mairi huffed. "I guess most people round here are Tories." She gave Calla a sharp glance. "Sorry. Are you? You do go to a boarding school.""No," Calla said quickly. She knew what a Tory was, obviously. Uncle Vernon voted for them and Aunt Petunia had supported Thatcher till the very end, so Calla was very much opposed to them."Good," Mairi said, just as her brother Bobby trudged into the kitchen. "What?""Andrew won't play football with me.""So?" Mairi asked, looking quite unimpressed. "You can still kick a ball on your own, can't you?""He's being a dick.""You're not supposed to say that," Mairi said sharply."You called him a dick the other night."Mairi blanched. "Well, that's different-"Calla covered her snort of laughter with a cough. Bobby turned to stare at her. "And why's she in here?""She's my friend," Mairi said. The word surprised Calla, but it still lit a sort of glow in her chest. "Now go play football or something and sod off."Grumbling, Bobby disappeared, opening the kitchen door and slamming it behind him."He's really annoying, sorry," Mairi said, very unapologetically. "What year are you in, anyway?"Calla thought for a moment, trying to translate Hogwarts years into Muggle ones. Well, English Muggle ones. "I'm just going into Year Ten here," she said slowly. But she went to school in Scotland. She had no idea if they named their years different in the Muggle system - presumably, they did, it was the kind of thing Scotland would do - but went out on a limb and said, "Fourth year."Mairi grinned. "Same! Do you guys do Standard Grades, just I know some of the private schools are funny.""We have our own... Exams," Calla said awkwardly. Mairi stared at her like she'd just blurted out that she was secretly Nessie."That's really weird," she said, and Calla cursed internally. "Your school must be posh, then.""Nah, not really," Calla said. Was Hogwarts posh? It wasn't Privet Drive, but there were definitely a lot of... Well to do people. Daphne was definitely posh, and it was still, as Mairi had pointed out, a boarding school. "I mean, there are some posh people," she said. "Most of us are just normal and got in on, you know, chance and stuff. We don't have to pay anything, either, but there are some... Donations.""So you're with posh people but you're not actually that posh. Even though you live in Privet Drive.""You live in Privet Park."Mairi gave a melodramatic shudder. "Don't remind me." She looked for a moment like she was about to say something else, but instead she got up and went to the fridge, where she took out a glass bottle of a fizzy-looking, orange liquid. "Want some?" she asked, eyes bright. "We smuggled it over the border.""I'm fine," Calla said, eyeing the drink with some suspicion."D'you not like it?" Mairi asked, looking almost like she was offended."No," Calla was quickly to assure her. "I've just... Never had it."Mairi put the bottle down with a clunk. "You've never had Irn Bru." She blinked, then screwed her face up like this was the greatest insult she'd ever been given. "You go to school in Inverness!""They're really... Strict," Calla said weakly."Calla, you have to try it," Mairi said, thrusting the bottle under her nose. She sniffed it nervously. "It's not drugged or anything," she said. "It's just Irn Bru. Go on, it's the best thing you'll ever taste."Warily, Calla took a small sip of the pop and prayed that this wasn't part of some ridiculous You-Know-Who plot to poison her. It actually tasted quite nice - sweet, but not as sweet as Coke, and more refreshing. It almost tasted like bubblegum, but with a hint of bitterness underneath."Well?" Mairi asked expectantly."It's... Nice."A grin split Mairi's face. "Calla, it's Irn Bru. It's art."Calla returned to Privet Drive later that evening for dinner - she and Mairi had gone out to get chips, because Mairi wanted to know what places did decent fried food in the area - and received a thorough interrogation from Aunt Petunia on where she'd disappeared off to. Her aunt suspected that she'd been with some wizards, which wasn't exactly a stretch, but she hadn't seen another witch or wizard apart from Harry since the end of term. Uncle Remus hadn't even seen them, and had only been able to communicate through post; apparently Dumbledore thought it best that they return to Privet Drive again until Sirius' trial, at least."You missed a really lovely apple today," Harry said when she arrived in their bedroom. He was sprawled out on his unmade bed, reading a copy of 'Quidditch Through the Ages' for what must have been the twentieth time, and Calla's kitten Matilda was curled up next to him, glaring at Hedwig."Shame," Calla said, dropping onto her bed. "Here, Matilda."Matilda purred, and leapt off of the bed, padding over to Calla. Aunt Petunia hated having a cat in the house, branding Matilda as 'abnormal' despite the fact that a cat was a perfectly normal pet to have. If Dudley had wanted a cat, Calla often thought, he would have gotten a whole litter."Where did you go off to anyway?" Harry asked her. "You usually come back for lunch at least.""I've made a friend," Calla said breezily. Harry looked up - it was one of the most exciting parts of that Summer so far, after all."Who?" Harry asked, incredulous. "Do they live around here?" She nodded and his mouth fell open in bewilderment. Everyone around Privet Drive knew the Potter children were bad news."Mairi Baird, they just moved into Privet Park. I think her and her brothers are from Scotland - she made me try Irn Bru." Harry frowned. "It was actually okay.""What are they like?"Calla pursed her lips. "Very unDursley-ish," she decided. "Mairi's the same age as us, her little brother Bobby's about ten or something I think, and her older brother's Andrew, he's sixteen."Flicking the page of Quidditch Through the Ages, Harry frowned. "They're not wizards, are they?""If they were, I'd have noticed they were at Hogwarts, wouldn't I?"Harry made a short hum of agreement. "Suppose so, I doubt there are any other wizarding schools near here. Bit weird, though, isn't it? No one new ever moves in here, and they're all very... Dursleyish.""Yeah," Calla agreed, just as Aunt Petunia called them down for dinner. Likely more grapefruit. Matilda whined, and Calla quote agreed with the sentiment. "Mairi's invited me over tomorrow, she says you can come too, if you want. We could get food that isn't even fruit.""Ugh, don't, you're making me hungry. I hate grapefruit."The next day, though, they did go around to the Bairds' house. Mairi greeted them at the door, looking somewhat surprised. "Oh," she said. "Hi. I - I didn't know if you'd actually come.""It - it is alright, isn't it?""Yeah!" Mairi said quickly, blinking. She grinned, looking over Calla's shoulder. "Are you Harry, then?""Er, yeah," Harry said, waving awkwardly. "That's me.""Nice. Come in, then. And sorry about my brothers, by the way. They'll definitely annoy you at some point."Calla laughed lightly, heading inside after Mairi. They'd barely reached the bottom of the stairs when someone clattered on the steps, and a basketball came flying down. They ducked and Calla caught the ball just before it smashed into a lampshade. "Bobby!" Mairi yelled. "What are you doing?" She let out a whole stream of expletives, storming up the stairs. "Mum said not to throw that inside the house!" Calla and Harry exchanged nervous glances and then followed her up them."Well I've not got anyone to play with outside!" Bobby's voice yelled back."It's not my fault you've no pals.""Shut up!"Bobby slouched out of his room, glowering, but then straightened up when he realised they had company. He swore loudly and Mairi glared at him. "Sorry, sorry. I didn't mean to hit you, if I hit you.""Nah, you didn't," Calla said, and tossed the ball back to him. He caught it, flushing."Why are you shouting?" another voice asked from inside another bedroom, and a second later Andrew popped his head out. "Oh, hello. You're Calla?" Calla nodded."This is Harry.""Right. Mairi, stop yelling at Bobby. Bobby, go outside and don't hit our guests.""I didn't hit them!" Bobby insisted, stomping over and running down the stairs, muttering."He's so nippy," Mairi said. "What're you doing anyway, Andrew?""None of your business." Mairi grinned. She opened her mouth to speak and then Andrew cut her off. "Shut up, Mairi. Mum'll be back soon and we can head out." He grinned at Calla and Harry, ruffling his hair. "I've told Mairi it's not fair she's seen everywhere and no me-""He's jealous-""So we thought we could go on a walk? If yous want, I mean.""Sure," said Calla, shrugging. "Anything except hanging around the Dursleys' house all day.""You say that like you don't just curl up and read in that house all the time," Harry replied.Calla rolled her eyes, and turned to Mairi. "What do you wanna do now then?""Dunno. TV's gotten set up now though, we can sit down in the living room for a bit. Mon, Andrew.""Minute," he said, ducking back inside his room, and Mairi led the twins back downstairs."He's annoying," Mairi said, "but he's alright, Andrew. Just in a mood with Mum and Dad."Calla and Harry nodded quietly, following her down. It was weird being in their house. It was by no means a wizarding house, but it was still so different to the Dursleys'. The walls were bright colours, yellow and red and green, and the whole place seemed to burst with life. It was lived in, and Mairi was so comfortable; it was home already, because of the people there."They're making him stay in school, I told you yesterday. Apparently Stonewall's a bad school for the area so he says he doesn't see the point, but I asked about it and apparently it's still really good. Something like two thirds of their kids pass all their GCSEs. Most of my pals aren't even doing seven standard grades, but apparently I'm meant to do something like ten GCSEs next year." She gave a very dramatic shudder. "I hate England, no offence."Calla shrugged. "I don't really care about it.""Calla said yous go to some posh school in Inverness anyway," Mairi said to Harry, who cast Calla a questioning look. "I think I'd hate that, there are enough Tories around here as it is.""Right," Calla said nervously, as they went into the living room."So yous are in fourth year, yeah?" Mairi crosses her legs, sitting on the sofa in front of the little telly. "Are you doing exams this year?""Year after this one," Calla said. "Harry's doing nine, I'm doing ten."Mairi raised her eyebrows. "Good luck with that then. I'm out of school soon as my GCSEs are done, I don't care what Mum and Dad say. I'm working and then heading back to Scotland, don't care where." She leaned her head back, staring at the ceiling. "Sorry, you can sit down." They were quiet as she flicked through the channels, settling on some re-run of Doctor Who. "Do you two know anyone around here, then? If you go to your other school.""Not really," Calla said. "We didn't have many friends in primary school.""Me neither," Mairi said. "I hope the people at Stonewall are alright, though." She looked a little nervous about it, her eyes flicking to Calla for reassurance."I'm sure they will be," Calla said, though she knew they stuck Year Sevens' heads down toilets the first day. Maybe they wouldn't do it to Mairi."Yeah." Mairi shrugged. "I could batter them anyway."Calla laughed awkwardly. "Yeah. That'd be interesting to see."They watched the TV awkwardly, no one actually quite knowing what to say. Andrew came down at one point, and flopped onto the armchair. "You're all very quiet," he said. "Christ, Mairi, Doctor Who?""Shut up," Mairi said back.When their mum came in, Mairi introduced Calla and Harry to her hastily, and then they all ducked out into the street. "I hate having to watch Bobby," Mairi complained. "He's a bisum.""A what?""Bisum." Mairi looked at Calla blankly, as if not understanding why she didn't know what that meant. "No?""A terror," Andrew said."You're meant to go to school in Inverness!""We don't get out much," Calla said."I can tell," Mairi laughed. "Come on then. Don't you know anyone else around her?""Other than Mrs Figg, no," said Harry."Who's she?""Cat lady. Her house smells like cabbage.""Right. We're no going round to hers then.""Er, no."But they barely made it through Privet Drive before Dudley came out the house, waddling a bit. "Here we go," Calla muttered, tugging Harry away. "That's our cousin.""I can't see much of a resemblance," Andrew said helpfully."Thanks.""You two!" Dudley said, puffing. "Mum wants you in." His face was gleeful. "You're in trouble. Someone from-" He looked at Mairi and Andrew. "Who's this? Mum! Mum!""They moved into Privet Park," Calla snapped, striding over to him. "Calm down. Or people might think you're scared." She waggled her fingers at him and he jumped, scarpering back inside the house. "Sorry," she said apologetically to Mairi and Andrew. "If we don't go in now it'll just be worse.""That's alright," Mairi said, looking disappointed. "Come find us when you're done? I'll try and find that park again.""Come on," Calla muttered to Harry, ducking inside the house only to be greeted with Aunt Petunia's shrill voice coming from the living room."One of your friends!" she shrieked at them once the door was closed. "Phoning this house! We told you before, you are not to have anyone of - of that sort contact us!""Who was it?" Calla asked mildly."She said her name was Daphne Greengrass." Calla grinned. "Apparently it was her first time phoning a - a - using a telephone. She wouldn't stop asking questions!""Did she leave a number to call back?" Calla asked, strolling into the living room.Aunt Petunia thrust a scrap of paper at her and Calla grinned. "She seemed to think you would want to hear what she had to say about some man called Pettigrew."Calla snatched the piece of paper. "What about him?""I did not ask," Aunt Petunia said crisply, and Calla darted over to the phone in the hallway.She dialled the number as quickly as she could, hands shaking, and waited for Daphne to pick up. Harry hovered at her shoulder and Dudley hung in the doorway, staring at them. "Duddikins!" Aunt Petunia cried. "Back in here! You don't want to know what nasty things they're going to say! Mummy'll fix you some grapefruit."Dudley looked horrified at the thought. Calla giggled as there was movement on the other side of the line, and then a familiar voice said, "Yes?""Daphne!""Calla! Oh, you managed to call back! Did I use the phone wrong, your aunt seemed awfully annoyed with me.""That's just her," Calla said. "She mentioned Pettigrew, what's going on?""They think they've tracked him to Italy! Some French wizard saw him, though of course, he's French. Might have had a few.""Daphne!""What? My cousins are French, and they're all nuts. Anyway, they've sent a team out there, and Dad's been talking to me about the case. You know he has a seat in the Wizengamot? He thinks Sirius is innocent, and he thinks there's a really strong case. Things are already moving, and have you read the Prophet?""We've not been getting it.""I thought you were! You should subscribe," Daphne said, and sounded like she was scribbling something. "It's helpful.""Where are you even calling from?" Calla asked her."Oh, this phone box in London. Astoria's visiting friends in Kensington and I persuaded Mum to let me have a wander. It's an amazing invention, these phone boxes, don't you think? Though I didn't quite understand how to use it, Muggle money you see, but I have a collection, remember. The coins are funny, your queen is so strange. Anyway." She breathed in and Calla giggled. "Things are moving here. The Daily Prophet think it's a disgrace the Ministry messed up, it's so embarrassing. Fudge is clinging on as it is, and even if the trial does somehow go against Sirius, the public are so furious with it, they won't let it go." She could hear Daphne quite breathless on the other end of the line. "Mum says we can put the two of you up when it's the trial," she added. "I wasn't expecting her to offer, but it would be convenient for you if you wanted to be nearby. I said I didn't know if you'd stay with Remus...""We haven't seen him," Calla said quietly. "And from the sounds of his letters, I don't think so. He's struggling a bit, I think.""I'm sorry," Daphne said gently. "He was such a good teacher. Astoria's really upset about it all, too.""Yeah," Calla said quietly. There was a beeping on the other end of the line."Oh! What do I do? Calla, it's doing something!""You probably just need to put more money in.""I've not got-"The line went dead. Calla stared and hung up. "Well?" Harry asked. "What's going on? Have they caught him?""Sighted in Italy," Calla told him. "By someone French, so Daphne seems to think he's wrong.""Oh," Harry said. "But if he's there, that's a start, right?""Yup. And her dad's on the Wizengamot and thinks Sirius has a really strong case. And she said we can stay with them during the trial, for a bit anyway, if the Dursleys agree.""Really?" Harry's eyes widened. "Alright. Yeah!"The phone rang again and Calla snatched it up quickly. "Daphne?""I got some change! It's okay. So, I'll send an owl to smooth everything out, and we can get the two of you down. It'll be so nice, especially if Sirius does get it in his favour. And then... I'm not meant to tell you this, but Dad's been saying he thinks Crouch is getting worried. You know, the Head of International Co-Operation? Apparently they've got lots going on as it is, What with the Quidditch Cup, But I don't know... It's all a bit worrying. We had some of Mum's family over for dinner the other night, and I heard the adults speaking when they thought we'd gone up to bed. People are worried. But they're worried about you.""Me?""Well, both of you. Not everyone believes Sirius is innocent, they think some foul play's at work, and that the two of you are under some Imperius.""Well, we're not!" Calla said shrilly. Harry gave her a questioning look and shushed her."I know that," Daphne said. "But not everyone does. And no one really wants Sirius to be innocent; it's scary, that the Ministry can mess up like that. And there are some people saying Pettigrew might help the Dark Lord, and obviously the Ministry wants that idea quashed. Most people don't want to believe it anyway, but that doesn't stop people being scared." Daphne sighed on the other end of the phone. "Look, we can go over it when you get here. I'll write to you and you write back and we can organise for the two of you to come stay with us.""We will," Calla said quickly."Okay. I'll see you soon, hopefully."The line went quiet and Calla hung up again. "She's going to write to us," she told Harry, beaming. "So we can stay!"Harry grinned. "As long as they've got something more than fruit, I can't wait."XxSirius' trial date was set for the 26th of July, just a few days before Calla and Harry's birthday. But they still had the whole of the month to wait at Privet Drive. Calla could feel time slipping through her fingers.Her visions were getting worse. Her scar burned every time, and she saw only fleeting things; blood pouring from a hand, flashes of green light, gravestones standing grey and worn against the sky, a house falling in on itself, a cauldron stirring and boiling, hotter and hotter and hotter. They came at odd times, fleeting but painful. She knew Harry was getting worried, and she was too. "Do you think we should tell Remus?" he'd asked her quietly one time. "He might want to know.""He has enough to deal with right now," Calla said. "I don't want to worry him.""Sirius, then.""Again, he's about to go on trial. I'll be fine, Harry."She didn't always feel so certain, though. By the time the twenty-fifth of July arrived and they were due to go to Daphne's, she felt quite ill. She put on a brave face though, not wanting any reason to have to stay at the Dursleys for any longer period of time than was necessary. And this trial was very, very important. The Ministry wanted it over and done with as quickly as possible, one way or another, but Pettigrew couldn't have a trial held against him since he wasn't in the country, which complicated matters. They could only technically prove Sirius' innocence, not Pettigrew's guilt, but the wizarding community was desperate for a result, whatever that was.Daphne and her parents arrived promptly at one o'clock in the afternoon, looking quite out of place. Daphne at least had tried to blend in, dressed in a wide pink skirt that had gone out of Muggle fashion years ago, and a black t-shirt with Queen on it along with bright violet Doc Martens. "Izzy wrote to me suggesting what I wear," she said giddily, and Calla tried not to laugh."You look great," she told her. Aunt Petunia looked like she was going to faint at the sight; Mr and Mrs Greengrass were coming up the path just behind Daphne, with Mrs Greengrass in long azure robes and a tall silver hat with a very wide rim, and her husband in a set of emerald robes, with a similarly overlarge hat."We ought to make this meeting brief," Aunt Petunia said, surveying the Greengrasses coldly. One of the neighbours, Mrs Carmody at number five, poked her face out from between the curtains to stare, and Aunt Petunia's lips thinned. "I would appreciate if you didn't... Linger. On the doorstep.""Ah yes," Mrs Greengrass said, striding forward and right past an affronted-looking Aunt Petunia. "We weren't certain if Apparating directly into your house would be appropriate on the first meeting, so we arrived just around the corner. This is an interesting little community you have here. Daphne's been telling us all about the telephone wires you have above your houses.""Mum?" Dudley asked, waddling into the hallway."You're Dudley," Daphne said, with a suddenly wicked grin. Dudley stared at her attire, and turned back to Aunt Petunia."Mum!""Yes, Diddykins?""What..." He stared frightfully up at the Greengrasses, who appeared quite unbothered by his discomfort. "Are they wearing?""I'd have a mind to ask the same of you," Mrs Greengrass laughed. "Though Daphne might protest. She's becoming rather interested in your Muggle fashions. It's rather charming."Daphne squirmed, taking Calla's arm. "Is your stuff in your room?"She nodded. "Come with me. Harry's still packing.""Of course he is. We won't be long, Mum."Calla left the tension downstairs, scurrying upstairs with Daphne. It was very strange to see her in the Dursleys' house. "How is it?" Harry asked as they entered. He stuffed socks into a bag."Interesting," Calla said, grinning. "Aunt Petunia hates what they're wearing, I can tell. And Number Five's watching.""Brilliant," Harry laughed. "Hey, Daphne.""Afternoon, Harry." She lowered her voice. "You don't happen to have a television, do you?""In the living room," Calla whispered. "But I wouldn't go in there, the tension could light at any moment." She was just glad Uncle Vernon wasn't home; he would be shouting by now, she was sure."I'd quite enjoy that. Your Aunt seems like she'd be fun to annoy.""She's not," Calla muttered back. "Get Moony's cage for me, would you?""Do I look like a house elf?" Daphne asked, poking her tongue out as she got the cage. Moony hooted loudly. "Oh, hush, silly owl. It's just Daphne."Moony did not look impressed by this declaration. Calla smirked at Daphne, who pouted.Harry snapped his bag shut. "We should get down there before Aunt Petunia starts shouting.""That's fair," Calla said, grabbing her own bag and beckoning Matilda into her arms. "We didn't know how much to bring, and thought the trunks would be too heavy if you're Apparating.""That's fine," Daphne said. "We can come back if need be, and it's not like you can't borrow any of my clothes, Calla. Well." She frowned. "You have gotten a bit taller. Actually, quite a lot."Calla stuck her tongue out. Her jeans had been a little shorter recently. "You and Harry are just midgets," she said, and Harry scoffed. "You are. Come on, then. It's too quiet down there."With their bags and pets, they traipsed down the stairs, entering the living room. Mr and Mrs Greengrass stood stiffly by the wall, facing Aunt Petunia, who was also standing, and Dudley, who looked like he was trying to melt into the sofa. "We're ready," Calla chirped, as Daphne edged closer to the television, her eyes wide."Lovely," Mrs Greengrass said. "Well, Dursley, it was ... Nice? To meet you.""Quite," said Aunt Petunia sharply, her eyes on Daphne like she thought she would steal the television."Is this real?" Daphne asked, tapping the screen."Get away from that!" Aunt Petunia told her in a shrill voice and Daphne jumped back, giving Calla a look. "If you two are ready, then you had best be off. Dudley and I have a lot to attend to today.""Of course," said Mr Greengrass, frowning. "We won't take up any more of your time; Astoria is waiting with one of the family, we didn't want to encroach on you too much."Aunt Petunia's lips pinched even further. "Good day to you then."Harry and Calla exchanged amused grins as they backed out of the room, followed by Daphne. "Is she always so stiff?" she whispered, and Calla nodded. "Merlin. No wonder you can't wait to get away. I don't think she liked my outfit either. At least I'm dressed Muggle-ish.""Ish," Calla said, as the Greengrasses and Aunt Petunia followed them down the hall. "Well, see you later then.""We'll keep you updated by owl," Mrs Greengrass told Aunt Petunia."I'm not sure that will be necessary. Have the children telephone when they are returning."Mrs Greengrass frowned. "This case is very important for Calla and Harry. Are you sure you wouldn't like to know how they are doing?""I'm sure they will be quite alright. Goodbye, now."Mrs Greengrass looked utterly confused at being ushered from someone's home. Calla suspected she had never been spoken to the way Petunia was speaking to her, like she and her family were nuisances. Harry opened the door and slipped out, tugging Daphne and Calla with him. "I want to watch," Calla whispered, peeking back around the doorframe.It seemed most of Privet Drive was watching too. "Can I say hello to your neighbours, Calla?" Daphne asked mischievously, and Calla laughed loudly."You'd scare them all out of their homes.""Wouldn't that be fun?""Good day for now then," Mr Greengrass was saying to Aunt Petunia. "Perhaps we can help you to learn our ways of communication. Sending letters by Muggle post sounds an awful ordeal; I'm sure owls are far more reliable.""I am perfectly happy with the Royal Mail," said Aunt Petunia in a clipped voice, and closed the door behind the Greengrasses. They turned out to face the street, blinking."Is your Aunt typical of Muggles?" Mrs Greengrass asked."Um, no," Calla said. "Not really. Most of them are alright, same as wizards, she just doesn't like magic. Or us.""How peculiar," Mr Greengrass said."I think we could learn from them," Daphne said. "Some of their inventions are quite ingenious, Dad. And did you see the television in the sitting room?""Yes," Mr Greengrass said in a clipped voice. "Come along now, don't dither. I'm not sure I like all these people staring at us, they seem rather bewildered. And their clothing is odd.""So is most Wizarding clothing," Calla replied, skipping along. "And Daphne's clothing.""Isobel said this is what Muggles wear!""Daphne, you should never trust Izzy's fashion advice," Calla giggled, looping their arms together as they headed around the corner.Then the Greengrasses held them all very tightly, Calla and Daphne with Mrs Greengrass and Harry with Mr Greengrass, and a second later they had apparated.Author's Note: So I guess this is the start of the Goblet of Fire-ish chapters, but because of Sirius' trial and the introduction of a couple of new characters, we're starting a little early in the Summer. I debated for a while whether to make the trial later or longer, but I think it would be in Fudge's interests to try and get it over and done with and forgotten about as quickly as possible, to save face. Also I really wanted a Greengrass-Dursley interaction. There will be a bit more about Pettigrew later on, too, but I'm also very excited for the World Cup events ahead. Hope you all enjoy and have a lovely week! :)

The Greengrass house was massive. It could have covered at least half a dozen houses on Privet Drive, and the ceiling was at least two regular house storeys tall. Calla gaped up at it, eyes catching on a gleaming chandelier light. Tapestries hung along the wall, all of them seeming to be alive with colour."Come on," Daphne said, grabbing Calla's hand. She tore her gaze away from a tapestry of Merlin and Morgana locked in combat. "You've got the room next to me and Harry's across the hall, if that's alright.""Yeah," Calla said weakly, following Daphne into the next room, which was even larger than the first. Light bound in through the stained glass windows, shades and tints of green and pink and purple and blue. Everything in this house seemed massive, alive with magic."Woah," Harry whispered to her. "Did you know her house was this big?""No," Calla told him faintly, turning up a very grand staircase. "No, I didn't.""You're in here," Daphne said, nudging open a door into a very large room - at least four times the size of their room with the Dursleys - with a massive four poster bed, a polished desk and chest of drawers, and its own bathroom. Calla stared at it."Really?""It is alright, isn't it?" Daphne asked, looking worried."No, yeah, of course, it's - it's really nice, Daphne. Thank you.""Brilliant." She grinned. "I'll show Harry his room and you can settle in. Come find me when you're ready, I'm just in the next room."Despite Daphne's best efforts to take Calla's mind off things by giving her a grand tour of the house and every single portrait within it, now Calla was away from Privet Drive it was like she thought about things even more. She didn't know where Pettigrew was and she was worried, and on the night before the trial, another vision came to her in a dream. A dark forest, and red light, a woman's voice screaming. Her voice drifted in a hoarse, terrified way, like the words were being dragged out of her. They were mixed up in Calla's mind, but they spoke of an escapee from Azkaban, still alive... And she heard Voldemort's voice. "He will be vital to our plan."Then she caught a glimpse of the woman's terrified, broken eyes, and the world spun away into black again.The morning of the trial dawned spitting on rain. "We'll Floo into the Ministry," said Mr Greengrass over breakfast, reading the Daily Prophet. "Lupin says he'll meet us there.""Thanks," Calla said quietly, spooning scrambled eggs into her mouth. She felt very, very queasy. They had a strong case, but anything could happen. And Pettigrew was still loose, and without him it might not be enough, she didn't know how Wizards worked things out, and even then... She tried not to think about the prospect of Voldemort returning. One thing at a time; neither she nor Harry could afford to be distracted today. She had debated briefly telling him about last night's vision, but didn't want to think about it anymore than she wanted to right now. She doubted she could do anything about it anyway; it wasn't like she'd managed to stop Pettigrew escaping, no matter how much she'd tried. It was like fate just wanted to tease her."I'm sure it'll rule not guilty," Daphne said, delicately slicing her bacon, as she broke Calla's drifting thoughts. "Fudge is testifying, isn't he?""We don't have evidence other than words and a confession from Pettigrew," Calla said glumly. "Not really.""We have the picture of the map," Daphne reminded her. "And your dot's on it, too, to prove it's the correct sort of time.""Even then," Calla said, stomach twisting. She pushed her plate away. "I don't know what will happen.""No one knows what will happen today, Calla," said Mr Greengrass smoothly, folding up his paper. "Technically I can't tell you my position on the matter-""I can," Astoria said."-but I can tell you to have faith. Be strong and confident in what you say, keep strictly to the truth, don't omit anything, and you need to hope that your evidence and testimony is enough.""It has to be," Harry said, scuffing his feet under the table."If you're finished with breakfast then you ought to get ready," Mrs Greengrass told Calla. "It will be a very intense day today, for all of you.""Mum's right," Daphne said, getting up. Calla and Harry followed quickly. "What time will we come back down for?""Half past nine," Mr Greengrass said. "Then we'll head off."The whole time Calla got ready she felt like she was going to throw up, and she knew Harry felt the same. At twenty past nine she knocked on his door, and he opened it looking queasy and nervous. "Do you really think he'll get off?" Harry asked."He has to," said Calla confidently. "He's innocent."Harry bit his lip. "If only Pettigrew hadn't gotten away...""His confession's already been heard by Fudge," Calla reminded him. "And he's been seen by the Head of the Department for Magical Law Enforcement. That has to count for something. He'll be okay." She really hoped so, anyway. "We just have to do our best.""Yeah." Harry shook his head. "We should get downstairs. If we're late...""Come on then," Calla said, hauling her brother to his feet. "Sirius needs us.""There you are," Mr Greengrass said as they surfaced at the bottom of the stairs. Daphne squeezed Calla's hand tightly. "Right then. You've both used the Floo network before, yes?" Calla nodded for both of them and Mr Greengrass smiled. "Excellent. Well, Astoria, Aurelia. I expect we'll be back sometime in the early evening." He handed out handfuls of the dark Floo powder to each of the children. "Now, just say Ministry of Magic and you'll pop right out! Our grate's specially approved for direct entry."Calla raised her eyebrows. That was quite fancy. Daphne went first, winking as she disappeared, and then it was Calla's turn to hastily enter the fire. It always felt weird, warm but not burning even though it really should be. She thrust the Floo powder into the flame and shouted, "Ministry of Magic!" and was whisked away, spinning seemingly endlessly through fires until she stumbled out the other end, hacking and coughing in a large black marble hall.Daphne rushed over, grabbing her out of the way as Harry came through. "That was elegant," she said drily, dusting soot from her hair.Calla laughed, coughing again, and looked up, breath momentarily taken away. The ceiling stretched higher than any even in Hogwarts, and grated lined both of the long walls, the edges gilded in gold and the flames bright green as witches and wizards stepped through in their Ministry robes. At one end was a grey statue of Cornelius Fudge himself, and at the other a large fountain with a witch and wizard sitting atop, staring down at the hall with an almost creepy smile. "All here?" Mr Greengrass asked clippedly. "Good. Can you see Lupin anywhere, I'm afraid I can't pick him out."Calla looked around sharply, and spotted him by the fountain. She broke into a grin. "He's over there, come on! Remus!"A few wizards turned to stare at her shout, and she saw Mr Greengrass wince as she hurried off towards her godfather, Harry and Daphne just behind her. "Calla," he said warmly. The bags below his eyes were darker than ever, she noticed as she went to hug him. "Harry." She felt Harry's arms knock against hers and then she let go, grinning nervously. "And Daphne.""Hey, Professor Lupin.""No need for that anymore," Remus said lightly. "I'm not a professor anymore, Daphne.""You should be," she said stubbornly, folding her arms. "Everyone says so.""Have you seen Sirius at all?" Harry asked anxiously, glancing around and twisting his hands together."We won't see him until we get to the courtroom, I'm afraid," Remus told him. "But I'm told he's well, and being treated with more civility than he has in a long time. Ah, you must be Daphne's father."He smiled, holding his hand out to Mr Greengrass, who took in his shabby robes and tired face and shook it stiffly. "And you Mr Lupin.""Remus is quite alright," Remus said, eyes light. "It's a pleasure to meet you. Though I hear you are sitting on the Wizengamot today?""The full Wizengamot has been called today," Mr Greengrass said stiffly. "And quite right, too.""Then I hope the Wizengamot votes the right way," Remus said, inclining his head. "The trial begins at ten o'clock, but we ought to be there early. Theseus, I imagine you'll be entering separately?"Mr Greengrass, who didn't look like he appreciated being called by his first name, nodded. "I'll leave the four of you to it. Daphne, be careful in what you say, and be truthful.""Obviously," Daphne said, and he gave her a sharp look. "I will, Father.""Good. I'll see you when I have a moment. Hopefully this business won't drag on, though I can't see Cornelius wanting to prolong it. The Prophet can't not report an ongoing trial as big as this." He smiled tensely. "I shall see you later."Mr Greengrass swept off and Daphne frowned after him. "He's so annoying when he's like that," she muttered.Calla linked her arm through Daphne's and smiled at her. "Come on, let's head down. I think Ron's dad is bringing him and Hermione, but I don't know when.""Likely Arthur will bring him down from his office when it's time," Remus told them, as they went over to a lift."He works in Misuse of Muggle Artefacts, doesn't he?" Daphne whispered to Calla, who nodded. "Do you think I'd get to speak to him? Father said not to ask about it, but I think it'd be really interesting, and it's never too early to start thinking about the future."Calla laughed. "You in the Misuse Of Muggle Artefacts Office?""Yes," Daphne said defensively. "Don't you think it would be fascinating?""Well, I guess," said Calla, who had never thought of many Muggle things as being fascinating. She just wasn't really sure she could imagine Daphne working in that office."I'll talk to him if I see him," Daphne said decisively as they stepped into the lift. "He seemed nice enough last Summer.""He is," Calla said. The lift went down sharply and her stomach gave a lurch; she clung onto Daphne's arm. They went down and down until eventually they came out into a long corridor with a few doors along it. People lined the walls of the corridor, with cameras and quills, and they all leaned over interestedly as they stepped out."We're in the Primary Courtroom," Remus told them quietly."Is that Harry Potter?" asked a blonde woman in a green silk robe, grinning excitedly. "And Calla Potter. Mr and Miss Potter! What will your statement be to the Wizengamot today?"Calla stared at her, lips pressed tightly together and glanced at Remus, who was also saying nothing. "This is a very high-profile case," he murmured. "They're expecting lots of press and publicity. It's why they want it done quickly, I doubt Fudge will hold up under this pressure much longer. Excuse us." He led the way down the corridor past the clamouring press, turning right along another and then to a narrow door with a golden sign that read, Entrance for the Witness of the Defence. "I haven't been in here in years," he said, knocking sharply on the door.A tall, elegant looking woman stepped out, peering at them. She frowned for a moment and then her eyes caught on Harry, and she nodded. "In you come. Mr. Black is waiting inside. I will need to take your names.""Remus Lupin, Calla Potter, Harry Potter and Daphne Greengrass."The woman huffed, and gestured for them to enter. "Cynthia Zellen. Official Legal Protector of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black, though I never thought I'd see another case for them. Mr Black."In the corner, there was a shuffle of movement, and Calla saw Sirius get up. She felt Daphne tense beside her, gasping a little. "Harry," he said, breaking into a sudden smile as he came over. He looked much better than he had last time Calla had seen him, she was pleased to note."Sirius!" Harry beamed, rushing over to hug his godfather. Calla watched on awkwardly, glancing at Remus, who was also watching the two of them. "How are you? Are they treating you alright?""This is strange," Daphne whispered to Calla, nodding at them."I'm quite alright," Sirius said. "Healthier than I've been in years, I dare say." He looked over and grinned. "Calla, I've been told it is down to you that I'm even getting this trial.""Not entirely," she said awkwardly, untangling herself from Daphne. "I just caught Pettigrew. And then he slipped away but that-" she flushed, "that wasn't me.""From what Dumbledore says, you've been most influential." He widened his arms, smiling and Calla went over awkwardly, glancing back at Remus, who was smiling very tensely. "Thank you.""It was only right," she mumbled, hugging him quickly. "I couldn't let him get away, and I couldn't let you stay in hiding when you were innocent all along!""Thank you," Sirius repeated again. "Remus? How are you feeling?""As wonderful as ever, Sirius," Remus said drily, but then he smiled, going to embrace him. "It's good to see you well.""Right," Calla said, leading Daphne over to a couple of armchairs in the corner of the room. "Your dad's on the Wizengamot, right? How does it work?"Daphne shrugged. "It's kind of boring. Dumbledore's in charge, basically, he leads the rest of the Wizengamot and presides over the trial.""So Dumbledore is the judge?""Chief Warlock, but I suppose that's the Muggle term for him, so yes. He does the interrogating but it's the Wizengamot as a whole who have the final say in things. His support will be useful though.""And who's in the Wizengamot?""High ranking Ministry Officials and those who've studied the law. Dad's got a seat and some of the old families used to have them, but they did away with the hereditary seats a while ago."They were disgraced a second later by the arrival of Ron, Hermione, and a rather flustered Arthur Weasley into the room. "Dreadfully sorry," he said, looking around. "Had an incident in the office, some witch from Portree's just flown a bus right onto the bridge at Eilean Donan castle, if you can believe it. But we're still on time, yes, never mind... Ah." His eyes caught finally on Sirius, who smiled weakly up at him. "Mr Black. Ron's told me everything of course. To think our rat... But it's today that counts, eh? Right then, Ron, I'll see you when you're done. Remus, if you would send a memo to my office after the trial?""Of course, Arthur," said Remus politely. "Good luck dealing with your witch from Portree."Mr Weasley sighed. "I'll need it. And good luck with the case. Ministry officials are meant to be impartial, but I do hope justice is on your side."It was another long few minutes of waiting tensely to be called in before someone entered the room. "The Defendant may enter," said a short wizard in plum robes, eyeing Sirius with suspicion.He heaved a sigh as he got up, grasping Remus' hand tightly before he followed the short wizard inside. The door shut right behind them and they could only listen out for snippets of the trial. Sirius gave his story, and Calla could hear Dumbledore's questioning, and the replies. Everything sounded in line with what she knew."He's doing alright," she said to the others, wringing her hands together. "It'll be fine. It should all be fine."It seemed to take hours before the door opened again. No one seemed to feel like speaking much. "Witnesses for the Defendant may enter. Calla Potter, Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, and Remus Lupin."Daphne shot her a nervous smile as Calla went inside. The courtroom was massive, and she could make out what seemed to be seventy or so witches and wizards all dressed in plum robes with silver Ws on them, staring down at her. On the far right side she could see Mr Greengrass, looking tense among a sea of wizards and witches who were all peering down at them with great interest.She glanced at Dumbledore, who sat in the centre in the same Wizengamot robes, but behind a desk that said Chief Warlock. She was sure at least, that he would be fair and try to help swing things in Sirius' favour."May the Defendant call his first witness," said Dumbledore.Sirius glanced back at them, and nodded to Remus before he looked to Dumbledore. "I call forth Remus Lupin."Looking tense, Remus stepped forwards. There was an awful lot of shuffling amongst the Wizengamot, who tried to get a look at him. "I present myself, Remus Lupin, before the Wizengamot to bear witness on the behalf of the Defendant Sirius Black.""Thank you, Mr Lupin," said Dumbledore, nodding. "Mr Lupin, on the night of October 31st, 1981, who did you believe to be the Secret Keeper of Lily and James Potter?""I believed at the time that Sirius Black was the Secret Keeper," Remus said, to a hush of whispers. "However, I have since found that my belief was incorrect and mislead. Peter Pettigrew confessed that it was he who was truly the Secret Keeper, having changed the agreement at the last minute.""Can you describe to me as best you can, the aftermath of the attack on Lily and James Potter?""I didn't get word until the next afternoon," Remus told him. "When I did, I rushed to the house in Godric's Hollow, worried for Harry and Calla. I didn't know if anyone had gotten to them, you see, and believing Sirius a traitor and having no word on Peter Pettigrew, I feared the worst. But they weren't there; I later discovered that they had been taken to Lily Potter's sister, with whom Calla and Harry still live. I like most of our community, heard of what Sirius Black was alleged to have done to Peter Pettigrew, though I could never truly believe it. Sirius was always loyal to James and Lily as well as to Peter and I. But as we know, he was never given a full trial in the days following the war - one of many.""Is this all you have to say on the aftermath of the war?""Yes, Chief Warlock.""Thank you. Now can you tell us when you discovered the truth?""I didn't know the truth until the night of the sixth of June. While at Hogwarts, you see, the four of us - that is myself, James Potter, Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew - created a map which detailed the castle, as well as showing the location of various people. I had the map in my office with me that night, and saw the name Peter Pettigrew on it. At first I thought it wasn't possible, but I enchanted the map myself. I knew it didn't lie."So I went to investigate, upon also seeing Sirius Black's name alongside Calla Potter, Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. What I learned was that not only was Peter Pettigrew still alive, but he was the guilty party, not Sirius Black. He was the spy among the ranks against Voldemort-" a shudder went through the Wizengamot at the name "-but he also confessed to having killed thirteen Muggles in a street after Sirius confronted him. To frame him; and to make his own escape as a rat."My memories, which I am more than happy to present, prove this event and confession, and I am sure they will align with the confession given to the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge..""Thank you, Mr Lupin," said Dumbledore. "You may return to your stance. Are there any others of the Defendant's witnesses who wish to add to this tale? Anything that may have been omitted?"They all shook their heads. Remus had said all that needed to be said. "Good.""Hem-hem," came a voice from within the crowd of the Wizengamot. Calla stared up at where a very short, toad-like witch had risen. "Chief Warlock, night I intercede on behalf of the Wizengamot?""Of course," Dumbledore said pleasantly. "Dolores Umbridge, you may speak.""Well, I only wish to say that this story is quite far-fetched. From the mouth of someone we cannot be certain we can trust to uphold wizarding society, and a former friend of Mr Black's, no less.""I understand your stance, Umbridge," Dumbledore said, eyes twinkling. "Perhaps Harry and Calla Potter can add to this tale.""The boy is Mr Black's godson, and as Cornelius discovered on the night of these events, was not in a stable condition, nor was his sister or his friends.""I do believe the Hogwarts Matron would dispute that point, Dolores," said Dumbledore firmly. "Mr Harry Potter? Miss Calla Potter?"Calla's eyes widened and she glanced along at Harry, who had gone a little pale as the two of them stepped forward to stand before Dumbledore. He nodded gently to them. "Can the two of you tell me, in full truth, the events of the night of the sixth of June?"And so they did, together; about visiting Hagrid, and going back, and then Sirius coming to find Scabbers, about how he didn't try to hurt Calla at all when she approached him, and what had happened in the Shrieking Shack, how they'd seen Pettigrew transform, and heard his confession, and how they'd returned to the Hospital Wing - and certainly had not snuck out again with a Time Turner - and then discovered that Pettigrew had been found and transformed and how he'd confessed and then escaped. When they finished, the Wizengamot murmured among themselves, most of them clearly swayed by the Potters' testimony. Calla noted that many in the inherited seats simply regarded them stonily, and felt nerves in the pit of her stomach as she realised few of them would probably vote in Sirius' favour."Thank you, Potters," said Umbridge in a falsely sweet tone. "Your testimony is valuable, but still, we must have evidence, Dumbledore.""And indeed we do. Not only in testimony from multiple Ministry members, which were heard earlier today, but in photographic form." There was a murmuring again, as the toad like Umbridge shifted back into the shadows of the Wizengamot. "Would you bring Miss Greengrass in for me, please, Arius?"The short little wizard ran over to the door and popped his head around; a moment later he returned with Daphne just behind him. "Miss Daphne Greengrass. On the night of the sixth of June, you took photographic evidence of Peter Pettigrew's presence. Yes?"Daphne nodded, glancing at Calla nervously. "Yes. I - I had been given a camera for Christmas, a Muggle camera, and I'd had it with me all the time. It's very important to me. That night, it was late and I had noticed that Calla hadn't come back to the Ravenclaw Tower. We share a dormitory, you see, and so our other friend Padma Patil and I went to inform Professor Lupin - Remus Lupin - about it. He wasn't there, but we saw the map too, and Pettigrew's name. I didn't understand, but I saw him next to Calla and I had to take a photo, because I knew I'd have to show someone. It worried both of us a great deal, and it seems it was very useful.""Thank you, Miss Greengrass," said Dumbledore. "I have here a photograph of the map. Is this the correct photograph?"Daphne leaned forward, and then nodded. "Yes, it is.""Thank you. As we can see, Peter Pettigrew was in the grounds that night, and we have multiple witnesses to this. As for his confession, I now call on Cornelius Fudge.""Thank you, Dumbledore," said Fudge, standing up and walking into the Defendant's circle. Remus had said, hadn't he, that he thought Fudge would want all of this over with as soon as possible. Even if he had to admit his own errors, Calla suspected he would sway the trial to an end quickly. "On the night of the sixth of June, we had captured Sirius Black and were preparing to perform the Dementor's Kiss upon him. Having realised he had escaped, however, I was infuriated; before Dumbledore came to me and presented me with a rat. Calla Potter had previously insisted to me Sirius Black's innocence, and told me the rat was Peter Pettigrew." He laughed nervously. "Of course the children had all had difficult nights and I did not believe they quite knew what they were saying; but I did know what I was seeing when Dumbledore undid the Animagus charm on Pettigrew, and I saw a very alive man before me."It had taken hours but we eventually got the full confession from Pettigrew. How he had gone over to the side of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named a year before the end of the war, and had been passing information in secret in exchange for his own life. How he had kept his hold amongst the Potters and how when they had gone into hiding with their children, had been one of few to know their location, though he could not tell anyone. How Sirius Black, the day before the Potter's murder, gave his role of Secret Keeper to Pettigrew, and how he told He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named their whereabouts, leading directly to their murder and the attempted murder of their son, Harry." Calla shivered."On from this he admitted to having illegally become an Animagus during his school years, taking the form of a rat. He described how Sirius Black, being the only living person to know the truth, went after him and confronted him, and how he faked his own death and killed a street of Muggles in broad daylight, committing murder and breaking the International Statute of Secrecy, and went into hiding as a rat." Fudge shook his head. Murmurs filled the room, confused and concerned and curious. "Therefore, Chief Warlock, I present this as evidence of Sirius Black's innocence.""Thank you, Cornelius," said Dumbledore. "We now have a total of seven witnesses to Pettigrew's confession - Remus Lupin, Cornelius Fudge, Harry Potter, Calla Potter, Hermione Granger, Ronald Weasley, and myself - as well as the Defendant. We also have a total of twelve witnesses - Remus Lupin, Cornelius Fudge, Harry Potter, Calla Potter, Hermione Granger, Ronald Weasley, Daphne Greengrass, Severus Snape, Padma Patil, Bartemius Crouch, Amelia Bones and, again, myself - along with the Defendant, who bear witness to Pettigrew's status as alive. Is there anything else any members of the Wizengamot would like to ask?"No one spoke for a long moment before Umbridge leaned forward again, clearing her throat. Dumbledore turned. "Yes, Dumbledore," she said. "See, I just have a teensy question about this map of Remus Lupin's? Surely if he believed Black as guilty, and knew he knew of these passages, he ought to have informed a Ministry official?" She saw Remus pale, and Calla narrowed her eyes at Umbridge. What did she have against Remus, that she was going after him? "Therefore, Remus Lupin may himself be complicit in Black's plot."Umbridge sank back, looking very pleased with herself as a fresh wave of murmurs rang through the Wizengamot. "On the contrary, Dolores," said Dumbledore, "Remus Lupin did indeed bring this to my attention, as I am Headmaster of Hogwarts School." Calla tried not to let her surprise show; hadn't Remus said... "However, there was only one passage through which Black could plausibly reach Hogwarts school, and it was never used by him, nor was there any attempt to. And I assure you, he would not have been successful.""And then how did he enter the school?"Calla swallowed. If they outed Sirius as an illegal Animagus now, he would surely get into trouble. "That is a matter for Hogwarts' consideration," Dumbledore said cleanly. "This trial, however, concerns the charge of mass murder, conspiracy with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, and breaking the International Statute of Secrecy." Calla breathed a sigh of relief. "If there are no other questions, then are all witnesses in agreement with what has been said?"This time, no one spoke, but Calla and Harry did nod along with the others. "Good. In that case, I should like to ask the Wizengamot to vote on the matter. Those who declare the Defendant as innocent and cleared of the charges of mass murder, conspiracy with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and breaking the International Statute of Secrecy?"Mr Greengrass' hand rose; in fact, it seemed to vast majority of the Wizengamot had voted in favour of Sirius' innocence. She couldn't help herself from smiling. "In that case," Dumbledore said, "I declare, on behalf of the Wizengamot, that the Defendant Sirius Black is innocent and hereby cleared of the charges listed."Calla breathed a sigh of relief and Harry grabbed her hand tightly, beaming. It had been over much quicker than she'd thought, but it had gone in their favour! The chains that held Sirius in place on the chair were released quickly, clanking to the ground and he stood up slowly, as though dazed. "The Defendant will be notified of any further cases or concerns arising from this trial. Sirius Black, you are a free man."He looked like he couldn't believe it. Remus held him tightly as they left the courtroom, passing a smiling Dumbledore. "We did it," Hermione whispered, practically bouncing as she held Calla's arm. "He's free!""Yeah," Harry said, beaming, and grabbed Calla's hand to pull her along, following Remus and Sirius. "What happens now then?" he asked when they entered the little room for the Defendant. "You're free, Sirius!"He grabbed his godfather in a tight hug, beaming. Sirius' cheeks were streaked with tears as he clutched Harry tightly. "Yeah," he said hoarsely, beaming over Harry's shoulder. "I am. Thank... Thank you. All of you, for being here. Supporting me.""Of course, Sirius," Remus said gently, as Hermione came in and closed the door quietly behind her. "You've had an awful lack of support these last twelve years."Sirius smiled wryly, releasing Harry. "There's something else I must sort, though. Remus and I have discussed your... accommodations. Legally, I really ought to have custody of you, but it was Dumbledore who placed you with the Dursleys when you were younger. We've spoken, Remus and I, and I will have to take the case to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement again, but if the two of you would like... We could arrange for you to be able to leave the Dursleys' before the end of the Summer holidays."The words sent relief through Calla, a relief she didn't think she would feel. "You-" Harry said, "really? So we can leave?""Not for definite yet," Remus said. "But we have a very compelling case. It's written in your parents' will that Sirius should be your legal guardian, and have custody of you. Dumbledore has never wanted to let me care for you. He's argued with me for years on the subject, but he cannot refuse the will of your parents, not when Sirius is an entirely free man.""So... We can really leave?" Calla asked. "You mean it?""Yes," Sirius said, beaming. "If it's what you want-""Of course it is!" Harry cried. "And - and what about Remus?""Once I have everything in order, Remus and I will be staying together in one of the flats we - well, really he's been looking at - until we can get him back on his feet.""So we can all be together?" Calla asked quietly. "And we won't have to live with the Dursleys?""No," Sirius told them, grinning. "You won't."She could hardly believe what he was saying, now it felt like it could almost be real. He'd won and he was free... It could happen. She didn't know how she felt, not really, but the idea of not having to live with the Dursleys anymore, and being with both Remus and Sirius, was better than anything she'd ever heard."When-"The door opened again and they all turned around, startled, as Dumbledore came in, his plum robes billowing around his ankles. "Dumbledore," Sirius said immediately, slightly breathless. "Thank you. Thank you, I - I'm a free man. Thanks to you."Dumbledore held up a calm hand. "Justice has been seen," he said. "And I am glad you have finally gotten the freedom you have truly deserved for all these years.""Yes," Remus said. "And Sirius and I have been discussing the results of the trial. Specifically, the fact that Sirius ought to have legal custody over Calla and Harry."Dumbledore's smile thinned. "Ah, yes. A matter for another day, though it will be discussed soon. For now I believe you all ought to celebrate.""But we will be able to stay with Sirius, right?""Do not worry yourself over will or won't, Harry." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled and for once Calla wasn't sure she liked it. "Today is a happy day; the custody case will be taken up another day."Calla looked confusedly at Remus, who sighed. "Very well, Dumbledore. We'll discuss this later. I'll take Ron and Hermione back up to the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, and the rest of you to Mr Greengrass. Sirius..." Remus cracked into another smile. "You can come with us.""I can," Sirius said quietly. "Can't I?" He broke into a smile too. "Alright, then. Dumbledore?"Dumbledore motioned for them to go on. "You're a free man now, Sirius. You can go wherever you wish."Taking Daphne with them to the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office was either a grave mistake or a fantastic idea. It was almost an hour before they left, as Daphne kept asking Arthur Weasley about the various Artefacts in the office, interrogating him about how Muggle buses operated and if he had ever used a television before. She'd managed to get the entire office around her. "No one else ever gets this excited about Muggle Artefacts," Ron muttered, staring at the scene."You said Daphne was a Greengrass?" Sirius asked Calla in a low voice. He had somehow wound up standing next to her."Yes," she said clippedly. "She really enjoys Muggle Studies. It's her favourite subject."Sirius nodded in surprise. "There was a Greengrass in our year at Hogwarts. Rather uptight.""Theseus Greengrass?""No. No, his name was Anax. I don't know what he's up to now."Calla shrugged. "Probably a cousin somewhere.""Did you do Muggle Studies, Sirius?" Harry asked suddenly."Yes. My mother was furious about it." He grinned and Remus looked over, smiling. "We all did it. Great laugh. Remus told me you study Ancient Runes, Calla. Lily was always good at that.""Really?" she asked, too quickly, flushing. "I didn't know she did.""She really was an exceptional witch," Sirius said."Yeah," Calla muttered, looking down at the ground. "Everyone tells me that.""Mr Greengrass is still waiting," Remus said, stepping forward into the cluster of Muggle enthusiasts, who had also brought Hermione into their circle and were interrogating her about the moon landing. "Daphne, we really ought to get back to him."Daphne's face fell and she rounded on Ron's dad. "I really do like the office," she said earnestly, and Mr Weasley beamed. "I've never seen this part of the Ministry before, but I'd love to know more.""Well I'd be more than happy to write to you," Mr Weasley said, smiling, "if you have any questions about our work.""Really?" Daphne grinned. "Thank you so much, that'd be lovely!" She glanced at Calla. "Okay, I do have to go, but I'll see you soon Ron and Hermione, won't I?""Course," Ron said, looking quite bored by their whole conversation. "Harry, Calla, you are doing something for your birthday, aren't you?"Calla blinked in surprise. They never did anything for their birthday. "Oh," Harry said. "I don't know.""We'll do something," Daphne said decisively."Yeah," Ron said. "We'll write.""Alright," Calla said quietly, still staring. They hadn't had a birthday party in their lives, unlike Dudley."Come along," Remus told them gently. "We'll speak soon, Arthur."All their way throughout the Ministry they received strange and curious and some cold stares. Workers looked at them and whispered, and Calla tried to ignore them even though she couldn't. By her side, Sirius was clearly very tense, shoulders hunched at every sound of a whispered judgement. Daphne kept up a healthy chatter, trying to detract from the judgemental looks they were getting, but Calla didn't think it was very helpful.They met Mr Greengrass again by the fountain. Journalists were clustered there and Calla stared at them. She supposed it wasn't surprising - this had to be one of the highest profile cases since the end of the First War - but the lights were so bright and everyone's voices were so loud. She shrank back a little, lingering behind Remus and hoping no one would try and ask her for comment. "We should try and make this quick," Sirius murmured. "I don't want the Prophet gawking anymore than they have to.""I agree," Remus said, and nodded as Mr Greengrass came over to them. "Theseus.""Lupin." He smiled and clasped a surprised Sirius' hand. "Theseus Greengrass. Daphne's father. That was a solid case you had there. I'm glad it went in your favour.""Thank you," Sirius said, blinking, "Greengrass.""Pleasure." Mr Greengrass nodded. "I was going to take the children straight home; the two of you are... Welcome to join, if you want.""We have a few things we need to organise and smooth over here still," said Sirius."Though thank you for the offer," Remus put in"Of course." Mr Greengrass inclined his head sharply. "I plan to take Calla and Harry back to their aunt and uncle sometime tomorrow afternoon. Unless you would like to?""I'm afraid we don't quite know our situation at the minute," Remus said. "But Calla, Harry, we'll be in touch with you. Perhaps we will be able to organise something for your birthday.""Really?" Calla couldn't stop herself from asking."Hopefully." Sirius grinned. "I see the Daily Prophet wants a word from me."He hugged Harry tightly and turned to Calla expectantly. She reciprocated, hugging him fleetingly, and then turned to Remus and hugged him much longer. "I'll see you soon, right?" she asked. "Even if it's not for our birthday?""We'll see you as soon as we can," Remus promised. "Now go on. Sirius and I will deal with..." His gestured to the media circus growing around them. "This."Despite the shove and crush of getting out of the Ministry, Calla couldn't help herself from smiling. Soon enough, she hoped, they would be leaving the Dursleys never to return again. And Sirius was free.Author's Note: Hey! So, Sirius is free now. This will obviously change a few things, though we won't be seeing Grimmauld Place just yet - were it not for Dumbledore's request to use it as headquarters, I don't think Sirius would ever have returned there. I also want to delve a bit deeper into politics of the Ministry and things leading up to and after the events of the graveyard, as we see Fudge under increasing pressure. 

"Dumbledore," Sirius greeted calmly, Remus just behind him. They stood in the doorway to his office at Hogwarts, both glad they finally had the chance to discuss an important matter with him. It had been pressing on them for a while now; and finally, they thought, it could be resolved."Ah, Sirius, Remus. Come in, join me." He flicked his wand and conjured two very comfy-looking armchairs. "Sit, sit. We have matters to discuss.""I don't think this will take very long," Sirius said. He didn't sit down. "You seem determined not to let me have custody of Harry and Calla, despite the will of their parents, and over the last thirteen years have been equally determined not to let Remus care for them over an extended period of time. Despite, from what I've heard, the Dursleys treating both of them awfully. They had to run away last Summer, Dumbledore, as you well know and still you would not relent. I'm not asking you to let me care for them. I am telling you that I am not going to let them live in a house where they are not loved.""With respect, Sirius, neither of you know the full story.""We know enough to know that you can't make them stay there any longer, nor will we allow you to. This meeting is really just a formality.""Sirius, Remus, I understand your case. But the Potters must not leave Privet Drive. When Lily died for Harry, her love protected her son. That love lives on in her blood. Her sister.""And Calla?" Remus asked sharply."By extension, the blood protection also covers Calla," Dumbledore said, not answering the question Remus had intended. "The moment they leave for good, when they stop calling Privet Drive home, that protection will disintegrate.""That place has never been their home!" Remus spluttered. "I have told you this, Dumbledore, I told you of the lack of love for them and I never knew the full story of it all! Did you know they were kept in a cupboard?" Dumbledore was silent. "Neither did I until a few months ago. Harry let it slip. The Dursleys hid that fact and Calla and Harry for whatever reason never told me. Things seem to have been worse there than they ever actually told me, and because of my condition I was never around enough to truly stop it or to realise the gravity of the situation. And because you forbade me to intervene, to interfere with the Dursleys' raising of Calla and Harry beyond the odd visit, despite what I or they wanted. last Summer, Dumbledore, things reached a breaking point. They had to run away. That is not a home, Dumbledore! Petunia would not protect those children if she had any say in the matter!""I disagree. Love-""You don't know them," Remus said lowly. "Tell me, if Sirius had never gone to Azkaban, would you have made them remain with the Dursleys?""It would be for their own safety.""Safety?" Sirius barked. "What safety can Muggles who don't care for them, offer Harry and Calla that we can not?""I have explained-""It's not good enough!" Sirius said furiously. Dumbledore's eyes lost their familiar twinkle. "You cannot force them to remain there.""You must understand," Dumbledore said quietly. "If Harry and Calla were to permanently leave that household, they would be in grave danger.""They have always been in grave danger!" Remus snapped. "Every year at Hogwarts, under your protection, they have been in danger! You know what Calla has seen, Dumbledore, and I'm sure you know that she is right! You know what is coming; let us protect our godchildren. My condition was one thing, but Sirius is a free man and it is in James and Lily's will-""I am never going to agree with you on this," said Dumbledore."You cannot-""Remus, Sirius, I will not allow you to remove Harry and Calla from their home.""That place is not their home!" Sirius shouted. "They are children, they should be somewhere they are loved! With people they trust to protect them! Voldemort robbed them of that chance once; I won't let you rob them of it again!" Dumbledore seemed to falter for a second, which Remus was quick to take advantage of."If blood protection is so important," Remus said quietly, quite in contrast to Sirius' volume, "they are protected by one another.""That is not how it works. Neither is equipped to protect the other, should it come to-""Neither are those Muggles!" Sirius cried. "Aren't you listening, Dumbledore? When I left my home, you were happy to let me live with James.""With respect, Sirius, the situation is very different. They are two of the most important children in our world right now, and Lord Voldemort-""They still deserved a home!" Sirius shouted. "They need to be with people they trust, people who will protect them and know how.""I don't believe Calla and Harry have called the Dursley house home in years," Remus said quietly. "But if you won't agree, then fine. We'll see you at the Ministry."XxDear Calla and Harry,After discussing the matter with Sirius, and Arthur Weasley, we've gotten things in order enough for the two of you to go the Burrow for your birthday with us. Arthur and Molly have been incredibly kind in allowing this, as Sirius is still in the process of finding somewhere to stay. He has his family's old house but he would rather not stay there, so we're looking at the moment. Ron has apparently already told Hermione, but Calla, Molly says she's more than happy for Padma and Daphne to go too.I'll come and pick the two of you up tomorrow at one o'clock. I'm sure Petunia won't mind. Sirius and I are both so excited to see you.See you tomorrow,RemusCalla read over Remus' last letter after breakfast on the morning of her birthday, which the Dursleys had once again completely ignored until she'd informed them Remus was coming, at which point Aunt Petunia had almost plunged into hysterics about how she and Harry seemed to think they could come and go as they pleased and got herself very worked about whatever the neighbours would think. Harry had managed to quiet her with a reminder about Sirius - who, conveniently, they had not told Aunt Petunia had been found innocent - and the two of them had gone up to their room to get changed."Are Daphne and Padma definitely coming?" Harry asked Calla worriedly as she pleated her hair."They said they were," she replied. "Is Hermione?""Ron said she was." He ran a comb through his hair, glared at the mirror, and gave up."Good. I think I'll go to Mairi's before Remus gets here.""You're always at Mairi's," Harry muttered."You know you could easily just come with me," Calla huffed, tying the end of her right pleat and starting on the left. "Mairi said she thought you were cool.""I'm not so sure she thinks that."The first few times Calla had seen Mairi, Harry had come with her, but apparently Harry didn't think Mairi liked him and preferred to mope in their bedroom reading about Quidditch. Calla wasn't sure she'd ever understand the reasoning behind it. "Fine then, if you want to be boring. I'll be back at twelve."She finished off her other pleat and laced up her trainers, sticking her wand into a small over-the-shoulder bag. "Cool," Harry said, taking out a glossy orange magazine about the Chudley Cannons - Calla was sure Ron had lent it to him. "See you then."She rolled her eyes as she left, not bothering to tell Aunt Petunia where she was headed. She'd just get moaned at. Dudley went out the door just after her, and they shared an awkward glance. "Where are you going?" he asked abruptly."Where are you going, Diddykins?"His cheeks went red. "The Polkisses.""Ah. Enjoy.""You haven't answered me yet!"She shrugged. "Do I need to? Go on, you'll be late."She waggled her fingers and he yelled as he hurried out the door and didn't say anything more as she set off down the street, turning into Privet Park. Mairi was already sat on the doorstep, in a loose fitting vest and shorts for the late July heat. "Are you not roasting?" was the first thing she said when she spotted Calla by the gate in her jeans and overlarge dark grey t-shirt, pulled in by a belt at her waist. Truth be told, she didn't have much in the way of other clothes, apart from robes, and even then those were few and she was getting tall. It would probably be more economical if she got new clothes next Summer rather than this one, because she was certain she'd do nothing but grow now."I'm fine," she told Mairi. "But I could go for ice cream.""God, yeah," Mairi said, coming over. "I take it Harry didn't come out today?""Nah, he's staying inside this morning. We're going to our friend's this afternoon for our birthday.""It's your birthday?" asked Mairi loudly, staring at her. "Why didn't you say?""It's not a big deal," Calla said, shrugging. A woman who had been walking her dog looked over to glare at them. "We don't usually do anything for it. This is the first time.""No way," Mairi said. "Like, this is your first birthday party?""I guess," Calla said. "Like I said, we don't do much for it.""Not even when you were little?"Calla shook her head. Mairi's mouth was hanging open. "Right, okay, I was just going to suggest the corner shop for ice cream, but we have to get you a sundae. All the works.""It's really fine," Calla giggled. "I need to be back for twelve anyway, we're getting picked up at one.""We'll make it." Mairi waved a dismissive hand. "Come on. Let's run."She grabbed Calla's hand and peeled off along the street, dragging Calla with her. "Mairi!" she shrieked, feet thumping over the pavement."Keep up, Calla!" she called back, grinning. "Bloody slowcoach!""I am not!" Calla protested, bursting into a mad sort of laugh. "Mairi!""Hello, Mrs Jenkins!" Mairi called to one of the neighbours who, like most of the neighbours, was glaring at her. "We've got a very important mission!""Mairi, shut up!" Calla laughed, breaking her hand from Mairi's grip. They slowed at the traffic lights. "Bet you couldn't beat me in a race.""I totally could," Mairi said, beaming. "Like I said. Slowcoach.""Fine." The traffic lights changed. "Race you."She didn't know quite what had come over her but she took off sprinting at the sign of the green man, practically flying over the pavements, her heavy pleats thumping against her shoulders. Mairi was calling after her, footsteps heavy behind Calla's, and she grinned, feeling her chest heave and her breath surge as she ran as fast as she possibly could along the street.She finally stopped around the corner at the little ice cream shop on the high street, panting heavily. "You're mad," Mairi said, beaming as she joined her."I won," Calla panted."You had a head start.""You're a bit of a sore loser."She grinned at Mairi, who despite what she said was beaming back at her, and felt her stomach swoop a little. She blinked, and straightened up, recovering herself. "Come on in then. Ice cream sundaes. We've only got until twelve." It was half past ten now."We could do two in that time," Mairi said, grinning as they went inside. The little bell above the door tinkled sweetly, and Mairi tugged Calla along to a little table by the window, handing her a menu. "I'm buying today," she said. "I've got English notes now and everything; I kept getting funny looks for having Scottish ones still.""Scotland has different bank notes?" Calla asked, browsing the menu.Mairi stared at her. "Well, yeah, obviously. How've you never gotten a Bank of Scotland note before?"Oh. Calla bit back a curse word. "I told you we don't get out much," she said quickly. "I only take English notes with me but I hardly ever use them and - and we're not allowed to leave the school grounds until fourth year.""Really?" Mairi raised her eyebrows. "I swear every time I hear about your school it just gets weirder and weirder."She didn't know the half of it, Calla thought, as she tried to decide between a strawberry and chocolate fudge sundae. "They have birthday cake sundaes!" Mairi said suddenly, grabbing Calla's menu and pointing. "You have to get that one, Calla!"She giggled. "Alright, then. What are you having?""Well, they don't have tablet flavour, which is appalling, so I'm going to go chocolate fudge."Mairi winked as she stood up. "Do you want a drink of anything with it?""I'm fine," Calla told her. "Are you sure you don't want me to buy?""It's your birthday," Mairi said, shaking her head. "Don't be ridiculous. I'll be back in a minute."Smiling gently, Calla turned away and looked out the window, crossing her legs. Even with the sweltering heat, the street outside looked peaceful and calm, and everyone seemed content in the midst of the school holidays. A little girl clung to a bright yellow balloon, skipping along the street, while her sister chased after her. It was hard to think that Pettigrew was still out there, somewhere beyond this town and England, but still out there; but it was difficult imagine anything bad reaching her on a day like this."They'll be over in five minutes," Mairi said, startling Calla out of her thoughts as she slipped into her own seat. "You alright?""Yeah. Just thinking about stuff.""Like?""Nothing important. School stuff," she lied."Ugh, I don't even want to talk about school! Mum showed me it yesterday, and apparently she spoke to the Headmaster over the phone and he sounds about as English as you can get.""Which means?""Posh twat." Calla giggled. "Don't laugh, you sound posh as well.""I don't!" Calla protested."You don't think it, but you do." Mairi grinned, leaning back in her chair. "You're all posh to me.""Shut up," she laughed, tugging her pleat behind her shoulder. "You should meet my friend Daphne. She's posh.""I don't think I want to," Mairi said. "I mean, if she's posh by your standards she might as well be bloody Diana.""What's wrong with Diana?""Nothing's wrong with Diana," Mairi said. "But she's posh, isn't she? Bit less posh than the actual royal arseholes, but she's still posh.""Right," Calla laughed. She already knew Mairi didn't like the royal family much, even though her mum did. Aunt Petunia simply adored the monarchy and the queen, so naturally, Calla hated it. "So how posh am I on your scale then?""At least a seven and a half," Mairi said. "But six is the baseline for England.""Six?" Calla giggled. "Why?""Tories," said Mairi simply. "You're all bloody Tories."The waitress came over then, setting down two sundaes for them. "Birthday cake and chocolate fudge sundaes?" They nodded. "Enjoy."The sundae looked fantastic, Calla had to admit. Mairi was watching her with an expectant grin. "What?""Try it.""I can't with you watching me!""Oh, sorry, I'll shut my eyes like it's hide and seek!"Calla laughed at that, and stuck her spoon in the ice cream, taking a scoop. It was really, really good. "You were right," she told Mairi. "This is so good.""Told you!" Mairi grinned as she tucked into her own sundae.They ate in peace a moment, Calla's eyes flicking up to Mairi every now and then. "So who is this friend you and Harry are going over to later?"Calla swallowed. "Ron. He's Harry's best friend, but he's really nice. Some of our other friends are coming too; I mentioned Daphne, and the other girls, Padma and Hermione.""Sounds cute," Mairi said. "My friends from home threw me a party before I left; since I wouldn't have anyone to celebrate with.""When's your birthday?" Calla asked."August 19th. Usually it's right when we go back to school, but apparently English schools go back later than Scottish ones.""Do most Scottish schools go back later?" Calla asked, blinking. Mairi raised her eyebrows."Are you sure your school's in Scotland?""Pretty sure," Calla replied, laughing awkwardly. "Takes long enough to get there.""I can imagine. Still, I think I'd hate boarding school. Too posh.""Isn't Edinburgh meant to be quite posh, though?" Calla asked, recalling something Isobel liked to point out to one of the Ravenclaws in the year above, and Mairi reddened."No!" Calla giggled at Mairi's horrified reaction. "Absolutely not, I'm offended you'd even say that!""I feel like that's denial."Mairi pulled a face, shaking her head at Calla. "Piss off.""Definitely denial," said Calla happily, and took another scoop of her ice cream. "My friend's from Scotland, she says Edinburgh's definitely posh.""Your friend from Scotland also goes to your posh boarding school," Mairi said, pointing sharply with the end of her spoon. "It doesn't count.""Fair." Calla smirked as she finished off the rest of her ice cream, lounging back on her chair. Mairi was looking at her. "What?""Nothing," Mairi said quickly. "Just... Thinking." Calla raised her eyebrows. "It'll be lonely when you go away for school.""Yeah." She hadn't told Mairi anything about the prospect of her going to stay with Sirius and Remus - it was still technically up in the air - but knew that even if she had to remain with the Dursleys a little longer, she likely wouldn't be back next Summer. Or she hoped not, even if she did like Mairi. "You'll be alright though. I'm sure you'll make loads of friends at Stonewall.""Doubt it.""You will," Calla said, shaking her head. "They'll like you.""Yeah," Mairi still looked far away. "I guess if anyone gives me shit I can just fight them."Calla spluttered. "Yeah," she said, laughing. "That's - that's the spirit, Mairi."They returned to Privet Drive at ten to twelve, when the sun was getting even hotter and beating, boiling on their heads. "I'm shocked you haven't gotten a sunburn yet," Mairi said, as they got to the path outside Number Four.She had half a mind to make a joke about magic, except the window was open and Aunt Petunia was glaring out of it. "It's a miracle," she said drily, and Aunt Petunia still frowned. "I'll see you tomorrow, Mairi.""You better," Mairi replied, stepping away. "And enjoy your birthday!"She wrenched the door open and was about to scamper up her room when Aunt Petunia came out into the hallway. "I'm surprised you returned," she said shrilly. "I know you've been sneaking off with that girl, I'll have you know, the neighbours don't approve!""Right," Calla said. "Sorry about that."She made to continue up the stairs, but Aunt Petunia grabbed her wrist. "I won't have you making a fool of my family," she said sharply."I don't intend to," Calla replied, wresting Aunt Petunia's grip away from her. "Can I go to my room now?"Aunt Petunia pinched her lips, but didn't say no, so Calla went on upstairs, to where Harry was still reading Quidditch Through the Ages on his bed. "Is that all you read?" she asked, flopping down onto her own bed."No," Harry said shortly, glaring over at her. "It's just interesting.""So it is," she teased, grinning. He pulled a face as Calla took a book off the shelf - 'Rebecca' by Daphne du Maurier, which Hermione had lent to her - and sat down to read the first couple of chapters before Remus arrived.Her scar prickled as she did so, and her hand reached up to it instinctively, massaging the irritated skin. She caught Harry glance at her and smiled weakly. "Yours is annoying you too?" he asked quietly."Is yours...""A little. It's not sore, just irritating. Feels a bit like I've got a rash.""Yeah." Calla shrugged, opening her book. "I suppose it's nothing to worry about."Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again, she read."You still haven't told Remus, have you?" Harry asked. She glanced up."No. I don't need to worry him about it. It happens to me all the time.""Yeah, but you always have your visions then, don't you? It's just hurting on its own.""It's probably fine. But if yours is hurting...""It's probably fine too." But Harry didn't look certain, and Calla didn't feel certain either. "Maybe I've been bitten by a bug or something and not realised.""Maybe." Calla bit her lip. "If it does hurt though, properly hurts, you will say something?""You won't.""I don't need to," Calla said. "So no, I won't." She gave him a pointed look and then gestured to her book; Harry seemed to get the message, for he didn't bring the matter up again.At a quarter to one, Calla redid her pleats so they were neat again, and put on some light makeup for the occasion, before changing into more Wizard appropriate clothes, which she knew Aunt Petunia wouldn't appreciate, but which she did. Harry, predictably, stayed in his jeans and t-shirt until two minutes before Remus arrived he asked if Calla thought he should put something else on, at which point she just sighed at him and said it was too late; which it was, as they were soon being called downstairs.Aunt Petunia stared as they did. "What are you wearing?" she asked shrilly, pointing at Calla."Clothes," she said plainly, sweeping back the flaps of her robes."Those - aren't - normal... Clothes.""Well, no," Calla said, shrugging as she pushed past Aunt Petunia into the living room where Dudley was seated, eyes wide as he stared at her. "But I like them.""You cannot wear those... Things in this house!""I think I can," she said quietly, shaking her head. "And I believe Remus would agree."As if on cue, there was a sharp knock at the door. Aunt Petunia glared at Calla, but went to answer it. Dudley was still staring. "You probably could have waited to change," Harry whispered."I didn't want to show up dressed like that," Calla whispered back. "And it is quite amusing.""Yeah, until we get locked in our room.""She wouldn't do that," Calla said. "She's too freaked out by Sirius at the moment; maybe Uncle Vernon would have, but not Aunt Petunia. And he can't do anything right now, so.""You two!" called Aunt Petunia's clipped voice. "Come here!"Calla shot Dudley a grin as she got up, heading into the hallway. Remus was there, smiling in his best Muggle-like clothes, and behind him- "Sirius!" Harry said, rushing over. "I didn't expect you!""Well, I wanted to meet this sister of Lily's," Sirius said. He, unlike Remus, was wearing full wizarding robes, even more conspicuous than Calla (at least she could get away with her outfit somewhat, since it at least resembled the Muggle fashions she liked). "Seeing as she never came to the wedding."Aunt Petunia had gone pale. "Vernon and I had other engagements.""I'm sure," said Sirius coldly. Remus gave him a look and he brightened. "Well then! We won't keep you, I can see your neighbours are already giving us some stares." Aunt Petunia pressed her lips tightly together. "Harry. Calla. Happy birthday.""Thanks," said Calla awkwardly. "Um...""Who's this?" Dudley has just wandered into the hallway, never one to miss out on the action."Sirius Black," said Sirius, stepping forward. Dudley's eyes widened as he took in Sirius' attire and he stepped back. "Harry's godfather."Dudley looked to Aunt Petunia in terror; he'd heard the story of Sirius Black, or part of it. "Mum?""They were just going, Diddykins," Aunt Petunia cooed, shooting Calla and Harry venomous glares. "Weren't you?""Sure," Calla said, rushing forward. She grinned at Remus. "I don't want to be here any longer than I have to. Matilda!"Matilda, who had been skulking at the edge of the wall, darted forward. Aunt Petunia shrieked as Calla gathered her into her arms. "You let that thing loose around the house?""She's a cat," Calla huffed. "A perfectly normal cat. And she's lovely.""We'll be going, now, Petunia," said Remus. Matilda purred, burrowing herself in Calla's arms. "We'll see you this evening when we bring Calla and Harry back."Aunt Petunia made a frustrated sound and the moment they were out the door, she slammed it in their faces. "That went well," Harry said drily."Yes, didn't it just? I had wondered if Petunia was as much a bore as Lily always said she was.""Probably," Harry said, grinning as they set off down the street. They ducked into a quiet little path out of the view of Muggles and Remus and Sirius held out their arms to them. Calla took Remus' gladly and squeezed Matilda tight.She felt again like being shoved down a narrow tube, and squeezed her eyes shut until she felt like she'd come out the other end, stumbling onto the grass. Matilda hissed as they landed. "Here we are," said Remus brightly. "That wasn't too awful."When Calla opened her eyes she saw Matilda looking shocked, hair sticking up and eyes wide in indignation. "Sorry, girl," she whispered. "It's not too bad once you get used to it."Matilda looked like she would never want to Apparate again, which Calla thought was quite fair. She'd felt much the same her first time around. She glanced up, and then stared. And stared some more.There was a house in front of them that looked more like four houses stacked haphazardly one on top of the other, with a large, bright orange roof. Smoke curled cheerfully from the crooked chimney, and she could spot chickens flapping about in a coop off to the side. "Are you sure we've got the right place?" Harry asked, frowning.Not a moment after he'd asked, the front door was thrust open and Mrs. Weasley popped her head out. "Ah, I thought that was you! Come in, come in! Oh, it's lovely to see you, Harry, Calla, dears."Calla caught her eyeing Sirius nervously, but she smiled at Remus. "I'm ever so glad the weather's nice, we set up some tables in the back garden. Hermione, Padma and Daphne are already waiting there, dears. Ron!"Ron poked his head out of a door, and split into a grin. "Harry!""Hey, Ron.""Happy birthday! Can I go out now, Mum? Ginny says she can do the rest.""Does she now?" Mrs Weasley chuckled. "On you go then, Ron.""Thanks, Mum. Follow me.""We'll give you a hand in the kitchen, Molly," said Remus."Oh, thank you, Remus.""I can help if you want," Calla said, smiling."No, no, dear, it's your birthday. Go on with Ron."Calla stared around as Ron led them through the house; among other things, there was a large clock with nine hands on it, a pair of knitting needles knitting a bright orange scarf, and a very large green pot plant which twisted and swished around in the corner of the living room. "It's not much," Ron said, as Calla spied a slightly sparkly armchair which rocked itself back and forth, "but it's home.""It's wonderful," Harry said, looking around him as Ron opened another door. They were confronted by bright sunlight, and just as Calla's eyes managed to adjust, someone barrelled straight into her."Calla!" She gave a shout of surprise, wrapping her arms around Padma. "Happy birthday!""Thanks," she laughed, as Daphne grabbed her around the shoulders to pull her in for a hug, too. "Oh!""Happy birthday," Daphne said."How've you gotten taller?" Padma demanded. Calla giggled."That's what I said!" Daphne replied, dragging Calla over to a long picnic table that'd been set up outside. Hermione, Ron and Harry went over to the other end, and Ginny sat with Astoria Greengrass under a nearby tree. "It's not fair, is it, Padma?""It's annoying," Calla said. "Look at my robes, they're going to get too short soon.""At least you're not too short," Daphne muttered. "I don't think I've grown since I was ten.""Stop being dramatic," Padma sighed fondly. "You have so.""Suppose I couldn't be tall and have a pretty face," Daphne sighed, batting her eyelashes at Padma, who stared at her, looking unsure of how to respond."I-Daphne-""Ah, there's our partner in crime!"Calla turned around sharply, to see Fred and George bounding over to her, beaming. "Managed any mischief this Summer?""Eh, I've annoyed a few neighbours," Calla said, shrugging."And caused the Ministry grief," George said, sitting on her right side next to Daphne."To be fair, Remus did the talking at the trial, if that's what you mean.""Ah, but didn't you shout at Fudge about it?""I would've loved to have seen that.""I would've loved to have seen Percy see that.""Percy's working at the Ministry now," Fred explained. Calla opened her mouth and Fred held up a finger to quiet her. "Department of International Co-Operation. Don't ask him about it, you'll be bored stiff by the time the cake comes out.""Dad's just trying to drag him away from his desk," George said. "He's working very hard on a bill about cauldron bottoms.""It's a disgrace," Fred whispered, and Calla laughed."What, working hard?" she teased."Calla, you wound us!""How could you suggest we don't work hard?""You said it," Calla said. "You barely need to anyway; I know you're smart.""Flattery won't get you out of it," George said, though he was laughing. "But really," he said, lowering his voice, "we've only got two years left at Hogwarts. And there's a significant lack of pranking going on in the younger years. We're still going to hold you to your talk about dyeing Snape's robes pink.""If you're trying to convince Calla to follow in your footsteps," Daphne laughed."And why wouldn't I be convinced?" Daphne and Padma both just looked at her. She huffed. "Okay, point.""You have the map," Fred said. "And, if I've got my facts straight, your Dad was Prongs. Bloody Prongs!""And Sirius Black's Padfoot!""I mean, that startling twist aside; come on, Calla. It's in your blood. It's your destiny.""Not sure I believe in destiny, to be honest. Ask Harry.""Harry!" George shouted. "Fancy wrecking carnage on the school in a couple of years time?"Hermione spluttered. "Um, not really sure I'd know how.""See?" Fred said, turning back to Calla. "He's not really sure he'd know how.""He'd find a way," Calla said. "Trust me.""Oi, there's Lupin," George said suddenly. "Come on, he'll know how to convince her."He darted up and Calla shook her head, turning to Padma. "Boys," Padma said, rolling her eyes."Eh, I think wrecking carnage on the school would be a nice hobby," Daphne said, crossing her legs. "Izzy and I could definitely do it.""Well then go ask Izzy," Padma retorted."Nah. It would be a lot more entertaining to watch you two try it."Padma poked out her tongue childishly and Daphne did the same before grinning. "Maybe it's a secret talent," Calla said."I have to admit," Daphne said, "the idea of, I don't know, setting a frog on Lisa would be quite funny.""Maybe not in the dorm though," Calla said with a shudder. "I wouldn't like that either. Imagine if it got on your pillow." She wiggled her fingers at Daphne who made a disgusted sort of squealing sound."Don't give each other ideas," Padma sighed, slumping onto the table. Calla snorted."Sorry, Padma. I promise we won't put a frog on your pillow.""You'd better not," Padma said with a shudder."Yeah, you're too helpful with Transfiguration homework for me to jeopardise that.""Well, if that's the only reason I suppose I won't be helping you anymore anyway.""You're so mean," Daphne muttered jokingly."Who's using me for my brains again?""I'm using both of you for your brains, actually.""As if you didn't get some of the highest marks in the year," Calla retorted, and Daphne flushed."I have so much to thank you two for.""She does," Padma agreed, elbowing Calla. "We're the ones stopping her from diving off and arguing with Lisa when she should be doing her homework.""That's very true," Calla agreed, just as the house door swung open and Mr Weasley came out, followed by a disgruntled looking Percy."Ah, Harry!" Mr Weasley said happily, going over to greet him. "Happy birthday, happy birthday!"Percy nodded sharply to Harry and then to Calla. "Happy birthday," he said stiffly."Thanks," Calla said, trying not to smile. "It's nice to see you. And Mr Weasley, thank you so much for having us today, it's so generous of you.""Of course, Calla, of course," he said. "Molly loves seeing Ron's friends around.""Hey, Mr Weasley!" Daphne chirped, getting up on cue. She was beaming. "Any progress with that witch from Portree?""Unfortunately not very much, but the Muggles have been Obliviated. She refuses to hand over the bus.""He says that as if he doesn't have a flying car," Ron said, and Calla laughed at the memory of that car; the same that her brother and Ron had once flown to Hogwarts and which had saved them all from Acromantulas in the Forbidden Forest.Daphne laughed. "Do you have any Muggle things? I know they're probably in the office, but Professor Burbage told us about these GameBoy things and apparently they're quite rare but it sounded so fascinating.""Oh, don't get him started," Percy said, before Mr Weasley could speak. "Once Father starts talking about Muggle Artefacts, he won't stop, will you?""At least he's not obsessed with cauldron bottom density," Ron muttered, though Percy clearly heard. The tops of his ears went pink."Yes, well." Mr. Weasley smiled brightly. "Molly?"A moment later, Calla glanced up, to see Molly, Remus and Sirius coming out of the Burrow, holding a very large cake that shone with gold and bronze glitter. "Now, I didn't know quite what to put on it as decoration, but Remus said you both love chocolate cake.""You - you made us a cake?" Harry spluttered."Well, Remus helped, dear."Calla stared. No one had ever made them a birthday cake before; they'd rarely even gotten a bite out of any of Dudley's. "It's wonderful," Calla said, still staring. She liked the colour scheme; Gryffindor and Ravenclaw, but more subtle and not horrifyingly blue and red all over. She rushed over to Mrs Weasley to hug her tightly, tears of gratitude pressing at her eyes. "Mrs Weasley, thank you. You - you really didn't have to.""Oh, that's quite alright, dear," Mrs Weasley said fondly, and Calla squeezed her tightly before she pulled away, cheeks flushing."And thank you too, Remus," she said, and her godfather beamed down at her. "And Sirius.""Nah, the cake was Molly and Remus," he said, as Harry came over. "I was always rubbish at baking and cooking.""He was spoiled," Remus said."Your grandmother was the one to teach me how to bake. She had me and James baking cookies for her every week during the holidays.""Really?" Harry asked, eyes widening. "I didn't think you could bake."Remus bit his lip, looking like he was trying not to laugh. Sirius looked very put-out. "I was quite good at it, actually."Calla left them to her conversation, called back over by Daphne and Padma who were discussing the Ancient Runes homework which Professor Babbling had set them over the holidays. "Do we have to talk about this now?" Calla asked, groaning."Daphne hasn't started it.""Daphne knows she has time," Daphne retorted, flipping her hair. "I'll be fine."Padma rolled her eyes. "At least she isn't worried. Anyway," she said, lowering her voice, "Quidditch World Cup. Are you going, Calla?""I think so," she said, looking over at Harry. "Everything's still up in the air, but if we are we're going with the Weasleys.""Good," said Daphne firmly. "Father's getting us our tickets, and I wanted to make sure you were able to come before it was final.""Parvati doesn't want to go," Padma told Calla. "So I might be camping with the Greengrasses.""I can't see Daphne camping," Calla admitted, and Daphne had to audacity to look surprised."Excuse me, I would be fantastic at camping!"Calla giggled. "I can't imagine you sleeping on the ground.""Well I wouldn't sleep on the ground," Daphne scoffed. "It's camping, Calla. In a tent. On a bed. We're not animals."Calla laughed at that, not quite sure what Daphne understood camping to mean. She'd never been camping before - Aunt Petunia hated anything to do with the outdoors and they wouldn't have been allowed to join her anyway - but she was fairly certain it didn't involve any comfy beds."Technically, all humans are animals," Padma said breezily, and Daphne laughed."We're animals with taste, then." Calla and Padma both burst out laughing at that, and Daphne looked between them, sighing. "Stop laughing at me," she muttered, but she was grinning too."You're just funny," Padma said easily. "Really.""Yeah, you should do stand-up. It'd be great." She frowned. "Do wizards have stand-up?""I don't know what that is," Padma said, "so I think I'm going to go with no.""Shame," Calla said, tipping her head back. "I think Dumbledore'd be great at it too.""I genuinely don't know what that means," Daphne said."Of course you don't," Calla said, laughing. "You'll figure it out, I'm sure."They spent most of the rest of the day like that, just chatting happily. At one point, Harry, Ron, Fred, George and Ginny went to play Quidditch in the garden, and after some pleading they managed to get Padma to play with them too to even the teams. "You sure you don't want to?" Daphne asked Calla as they lounged on the grass, legs out in front of them. "You might not even be bad.""You're so encouraging," Calla said drily, tipping her head back to stare at the sky; the gentle sun warmed her cheeks and she smiled. "But no. I'll stay on the ground for now.""Me too," said Astoria, who was watching Ginny intently in the sky. "I'm not an awful fan of flying; too much risk involved. And of course I'd never get on the Slytherin team anyway.""Only because Flint's an arsehole," Daphne said."Daphne!" Astoria said, sounding surprised. "That was rude!""It's fine, Tori," Daphne said, though Hermione also looked rather affronted. "No one cares.""You'd tell me off," Astoria muttered, turning away with a huff so she could concentrate on watching Ginny, who was tearing through the sky.Calla smiled in the quiet, watching the unfolding match. Ron knocked one of Ginny's attempts away from the goal and she yelled angrily, swooping down after their Quaffle. "Come on, Ginny!" Hermione cheered, earning a bit of a glare from Ron.Just then, Calla shivered a little. The sun was still up high in the sky, but there seemed to have been a breeze. No one else seemed bothered by it, though. She looked around, frowning, and brushed her thumb absently over the scar on her forehead. Pain prickled through it and she hissed, squeezing her eyes shut. "Calla?" Daphne said sharply. "Are you okay?""Yup," she said tightly. Lights spots danced in the darkness behind her eyes. "Just give me a minute."Something pressed at her mind; she shook her head and it entered, an image of an old, dilapidated house, half-falling down and covered in ivy. It sat atop a tall hill over a tiny old village, and though it was bright daylight, someone had just turned a light on. She could hear a fire crackling and winced, the pain in her scar burning now. She heard Daphne's voice distorted, and though part of her wanted to return like everything was normal, there was also some other part of her desperate to see what was inside the house.Her vision self reached out a hand over a brass doorknob, and the door sprang open at her touch. Inside the house was rotting, the wooden floorboards clearly not having been cared for properly. There was a hissing sound from somewhere - she thought maybe a kettle, but there was only one in sight and it was turned on its side. No, this hissing was different; if she listened closely, there was two hissing voices, both different. Then a scuttle of feet - claws - and she lurched forward. A snake came round the corner, jaw stretched wide, and she bit back a shriek as it lunged towards her.She startled as the vision faded, and she could feel the warmth of the sun outside the Burrow again. Tentatively, she opened her eyes. "What just happened?" Daphne asked her."I - I just had a vision again," she said quietly."You did?" Hermione asked. She still sounded rather skeptical."What do you mean, vision?" Astoria demanded."Nothing, Astoria," Daphne said. "Go watch Ginny over there.""I'm watching her here," Astoria huffed back."What did you... See?""It... There was this house, and there was a snake. I don't really know what - no, how to describe it, you know?""A house and a snake," Hermione said dubiously."Yes," Calla replied curtly. "A house and a snake.""What does it mean?""I don't know!" Calla said. "I never know until it actually happens." She glanced up to where Harry was flying circles around an increasingly annoyed Padma, and then over to where the Weasleys sat with Remus and Sirius. She didn't actually know what it was, but she couldn't help but think it had something to do with Voldemort and Pettigrew. It had to, after what had happened. She hadn't heard much of his movements, but her scar had been hurting more, and Harry's had twinged and... Well, it had to mean something.Calla didn't want to say anything more about it, so she didn't. After saying thank yous again to Mr and Mrs Weasley, they headed off and apparated to a ten or so minute walk away. Harry chatted away to Sirius and Remus as they went, but Calla was quiet all the way there. She didn't respond when Uncle Vernon commented angrily on her clothing - not that he could have done anything with Remus and Sirius standing right there - and when they left she went up to her room, tired, and read in silence before she went to sleep. She could tell Harry wanted to ask what was wrong, but she didn't really want to tell him. The prospect of what it meant scared her, despite already knowing what was going to happen - what, it seemed, was happening.So she stayed quiet. But her scar hurt many days after that, worse every time. Sometimes her whole head throbbed and she couldn't focus, and she was desperate for a vision of anything so it might break the dam and give her relief for even a short while after. But those visions just built up, dormant and waiting to be seen, and her scar burned hot when she tried to do anything to break them out."What are you doing?" Mairi had asked her, half-laughing, when she swirled the dregs of her tea around in the cup and examined them. She could see a snake, and a cauldron and gravestone... And a scythe. Neither of those were exactly positive."Tea leaves," she said honestly. Some Muggles did try to read tea leaves, after all."You believe in that?" Mairi asked. "Really?""You don't?""I dunno," Mairi said. "I've never tried it." She'd glanced up at her. "Can you show me how?"It felt oddly sneaky to demonstrate to Mairi how to read tea leaves. But Calla reminded herself that many Muggles did it anyway, regardless of success. "That looks like a bowl," Mairi said. "What does that mean?"Calla just shrugged and grinned over at her. "You tell me."Her scar prickled then and she winced, holding her forehead. Mairi looked over at her, frowning. "Are you okay?""Yeah, yeah," she said hastily. "Just... A headache.""You're holding that weird scar you've got," Mairi pointed out, and Calla took her hand away nervously. "You do that a lot sometimes.""What, have you been keeping an eye on it?" Calla asked, more snappishly than she'd intended. Mairi stared at her."No. I just noticed. I wasn't going to say anything.""Right." Calla pursed her lips. She knew she was only being irrational because her head was hurting, and she was frustrated by it and everything that built up in her mind. "Well, that's fine.""Yeah." Mairi kept looking at her strangely, like she was contemplating something. "You do look a bit pale though, you know. Are you sure you're actually okay?""Of course I am," Calla lied. Mairi didn't look like she believed her, but she clearly didn't know how to get anything else out of her. Which was a good thing; Calla couldn't tell her the truth even if she wanted to. "It's just a headache.""You've had a lot of headaches.""Yeah, they're really annoying. Probably just because it's so warm all the time.""Yeah," Mairi said. "Probably. You should get it checked out though at some point if it keeps hurting.""I will," Calla said, though she knew what was wrong and knew no doctor could help.That same night she'd had a dream. It hadn't started out awful; there was a goblet with pink and blue fire, sparks dancing across a room, and she could see paper spitting from it, drifting on the wind. Her hands reached out to grab it but the paper slipped through her fingers soundlessly, falling softly to the ground. Then her legs had given way and she was kneeling on sodden grass, clutching something cold. She could feel herself crying, could feel her chest shaking. The world span and the vision changed, to that same large house, where a snake curled around a chair and someone rocked before the fireplace.Not someone. Some thing.It was bloodied and skeletal, and there was a darkness to the eye sockets of its skull that chilled her. It felt familiar... She'd seen this thing before, but it wasn't just that.This time she found herself reaching out to it. Her hand shook as it brushed the thing's bone cheek and came away bloody. Skeletal fingers grabbed her wrist and she shrieked, stumbling back, but she couldn't throw it off. The thing wailed and thrust her back and she stumbled, reaching for her wand which spun away from her over the floorboards and fell through a hole in the floor, and then she fell back into the fireplace and woke up with a start in the darkness of her bedroom.Author's Note: Thoughts on Dumbledore's decision? We're just about to get into the canon of the Goblet of Fire book, and I am very excited for what comes ahead! I've written part of the climax already, and will hopefully get that done and the next few chapters edited and ready to be put up soon. :)

Harry awoke with a start, in a cold sweat. A high, cold laugh echoed in his mind and he pulled the blankets tighter around him, staring at the ceiling. On the other bed he could see Calla shaking a little in her sleep, curled up tightly under the covers. She seemed to be whispering something, but then he tried to listen and she stopped.Blinking, Harry tried to recall the figments of his dream. In it there had been three men, two he knew, one he did not... and a snake, he thought. Their faces snapped into place and a shiver went down him, like ice plunging into his stomach. Voldemort... Tom Riddle... Wormtail... Peter Pettigrew.He shivered, sitting upright and squinting in the darkness. It was just a dream, he told himself, eyes darting to his sleeping sister. But dreams didn't always feel so real as that did, and something twisting in his gut told him that it was not a mere dream.Visions weren't exactly his territory, though hissings and whispered words from snakes had been. Still, his gaze went to Calla. He didn't want to wake her up, but this... He didn't know what to do with it, and it felt important.Quietly, so as not to wake the Dursleys in the rest of the house, he crept out of bed and over to Calla. "Calla," he whispered, prodding her shoulder. She let out a small grunt, then rolled over a bit and went back to her regular breathing. "Calla," he said again, louder this time, but it did nothing. "Cal!"Something about the urgency in his voice must have woken her, or gotten through somehow, for her eyes snapped open, and she frowned. "What?" she whispered into the silence. "It's still dark outside, what-" She broke off suddenly and sat bolt upright, staring at Harry. "What's happened?""I-" It felt a bit supid to say out loud, but if anyone was going to understand, it was Calla. "I just had a nightmare."She furrowed her brow and clicked on the lamp between their beds. Her lips were narrowed into a thin line. "I've been dreaming, too," she said quietly. "What kind of nightmare?""Voldemort." His sister sighed."I thought you might.""You thought or you saw?"She ignored him. "Was Wormtail with him?" Harry nodded. "Damn. I had a vision a few days ago, and well, I've just had one tonight." She shivered, and when Harry's fingers tapped her arm, she was cold. "There was a graveyard, and then there was this house... He was there, I'm sure of it.""They were in a house," Harry said quickly. "And there was this other man there, too. His name was Frank, I think." Calla regarded him curiously, the same way she often looked at tea leaves, crystal balls, or particularly confusing Ancient Runes work. "Can you stop looking at me like that?" he snapped.Calla's face fell and she mumbled an apology that had Harry feeling instantly embarrassed and guilty. "This might sound like a silly question," she said, "but did it feel like it was happening, like it was going to happen, or that it had happened? I mean, did it feel like a memory?"He stared, not quite sure how to answer that. It had felt like it was happening, but it was a dream, not a memory. "Like it was happening," he said slowly."Huh." She frowned. "See, my visions always happened feeling a bit like memories, even though they were in the future."Before Harry could open his mouth to speak, she'd hopped out of her bed and crossed to her trunk, where she pulled out a handful of textbooks and scrolls, tossing them back on top of her bed sheets and sitting down next to them. She shot Harry a look he couldn't quite interpret. "You might as well sit down," she told him. From the Dursleys' room, Uncle Vernon gave a grunt and nerves shot through Harry. His eyes darted to the door. "Don't worry," Calla said breezily, "they'll sleep very deeply tonight. Uncle Vernon will even sleep through his alarm in the morning, and arrive at work twenty seven minutes late."Gingerly, Harry sat down on the edge of Calla's bed. His sister could be a bit... Odd, at times. Not enough to scare him, but just enough to make him a bit uneasy.She flipped through a textbook with a lilac cover, stopping at a page that she thrust under Harry's nose. "Visions of the future often present themselves as memories of a time not yet come, and have a tendency to pull one out of consciousness into subconsciousness, rather than to affect the current sub conscience and alter a dreamstate." She looked up at Harry expectantly, then frowned when he had no insight to offer. "It doesn't sound like a normal vision," was what she said flatly. "Which is weird. Plus, you've never shown any hints of prophecy before, and I know for a fact that Professor Trelawney thinks you made up everything you said in your Divination exam and every piece of homework I didn't help you with.""Good to know."She shrugged. "I'm just saying. But, I guess, I didn't have my first vision till almost the end of first year, in the forest on detention. Maybe something's triggered that reaction, or unlocked your Sight somehow, though I would have thought it'd at least present itself in Divination." She frowned. "Then again, you can't really force it, I've been trying but it's still hard to properly See at will, you know, and I can't stop my visions either, they kind of just control themselves. It is still possible that your visions affect you differently and present themselves in dreams, even if it is rare."As if she'd been falling, Calla caught herself and sat upright, looking at her brother. "Wait, what was the vision again?""You're calling them visions now?" Harry asked, a bit numbly."Unless that makes you uncomfortable."She was rifling through another textbook again, this one with a lime green cover and bright orange stripes on the spine. "Okay, yeah, this one basically confirms that." She grinned up at Harry, eyes bright. "So, what are the odds on two Seers in the family?"He almost laughed. "I think Trelawney would dispute my Seer status, somehow."Calla giggled. "Maybe. Still, this has to mean something." She looked down, twisting her lips and thinking. "Did anything else happen around the dream? Like, anything that gave you any clues as to when it happened?"Harry shook his head. "Apart from it was dark outside, so it was night, no." He considered for a moment, before adding, "My scar hurt."The effect this had on Calla was immediate and apparent. Her face paled and her book was immediately abandoned as she scooted closer to Harry's side. "Harry," she said quietly, wrapping her arms around her shoulder. "Do you... The last time that happened he was there, wasn't he?"Harry didn't have to ask to know who Calla meant by 'he'. He nodded firmly. "But he can't be here now." He looked to Calla nervously. "Can he?"Calla's eyes darted nervously to the window, but she didn't exactly look keen on opening the curtains and checking for herself. The thought of Voldemort standing outside their window, watching, maybe waiting... His stomach gave a painful, terrifying twist."He's not," Calla said, but her voice was shaking. "Maybe that happens sometimes. Mine hurts occasionally, it twinges a bit, usually when I've had a vision. It's... Well, you know it's been hurting more now." His sister had been complaining of headaches a lot of time throughout the Summer, he knew, though she'd never agreed to tell anyone, insistent that it just happened. Now things were the other way about, she seemed a lot more worried. She looked at him. "Do you think we ought to tell someone?"Briefly, Harry imagined what the rest of their friends would say. Hermione would insist on writing to Dumbledore, and read every book she could get her hands on about twitching curse scars. "It's not like I can write to Dumbledore," he said aloud. "What would I even say. Oh, hi Professor, hope you're having a great holiday, by the way my scar twitched. You wouldn't write that."If he wrote Ron, he'd probably ask his dad, and then the whole Weasley clan would know. Mrs Weasley would fuss worse than Hermione, and Fred and George would tease him forever. Daphne, on the other hand, might know something about the dark magic involved, but he didn't exactly want to ask her and make her dwell on that; he didn't know details but it did seem to be a bit of an uncomfortable point. And Padma would likely react the same way as Hermione, except with a list of things to read that she hadn't yet looked into herself and likely never would, or she'd say it would be fine and to rest and have plenty of water. Plus, she'd tell her sister Parvati, who'd tell her best friend, Lavender Brown, who'd tell the whole of Gryffindor House and the entire school while she was at it.No, they needed an adult to help, someone they trusted - so not the Dursleys, who would never help them with anything - and someone who had dealt with dark magic before. "We could always ask Remus," Calla said, "once the moon's over and done with, of course."Harry bit his tongue. He'd been about to suggest writing to Sirius, his own godfather, but he didn't know how well that would go down with Calla. She wasn't wary of him so much as she was upset, upset that he'd wanted Harry to go and live with him when her own godfather had never been allowed to take care of them as a legal guardian, due to the fact that he was a werewolf. She'd been more upset that Harry had considered it, too, and had, in her eyes at least, betrayed Remus, who'd looked out for them for years before Sirius broke out of Azkaban.He didn't want to upset her about it, not when she was his only source of real fun at Number Four, Privet Drive. "We could," he agreed, then, though he must have hesitated too long, for Calla frowned."You were thinking of writing to Sirius, weren't you?" she asked shrewdly.Briefly, Harry considered lying, but he could rarely get a lie past his sister. "Yes," he admitted, not meeting her eyes. "But I want to write to Uncle Remus, too, I know he can help and he'll want to." But he was only Calla's godfather, he wanted to add, not Harry's. Even if he'd been there for him for so long, it was nice to have someone else in his corner, too."I don't mind if you write to him, you know," Calla sighed, eventually. "He is still your godfather, even if Remus has basically raised you." That didn't really make it sound like she didn't mind. "Besides, it can't hurt to get an extra opinion."In return, Harry smiled and leaned into his sister's side. "Yeah," he said. "You don't think Remus'll mind?"Calla hesitated for a long moment before she spoke. "No," she said slowly. "No, he'll be fine. We'll see him soon enough anyway, won't we? You can talk to him about all of this in person."Uncle Remus had written to them a few days before the moon, saying that he'd been in touch with Arthur Weasley, their best friend Ron's dad, and that they'd arranged for them to go to the Quidditch World Cup with the Weasleys and Hermione Granger. He'd also promised that Calla and Harry could stay with him and Sirius for the remainder of the summer, wherever Sirius had managed to get set up, before going back to Hogwarts.He knew they'd been to see Dumbledore recently to discuss the matter, and Dumbledore had refused to budge on the issue, insisting that Calla and Harry had to stay at the Dursleys. Sirius had said they'd deal with that well enough, and spoken in a way that said he wouldn't just let it go no matter what Dumbledore said. They didn't know when it would be solved, but Harry and Calla both hoped it would be solved soon.At least they'd be seeing them soon. Calla wasn't sure when they would be leaving to go to the Quidditch World Cup (or how long it would last either, as apparently the Cup could last for weeks, which Calla was sure she would hate) but afterwards they would be not be going back to Dursleys' house, but to Sirius and Remus'."Come on," Calla said quietly to Harry. "You should try and get back to sleep. You can write to Sirius in the morning when you've cleared your thoughts a bit better." She yawned, though her own dream still nagged at her. Even when Harry turned over and lay down on his bed, she scribbled down the foggy memories of her dream. Her little dream journal was getting fuller now; she'd have to get another one. Calla gnawed tiredly on the end of her pen. There were so many things she was still trying to figure out... So many things she didn't think she could ever understand.Those were things for another time. For now, she just wanted to sleep.After a tense breakfast of grapefruit, which Calla had hated, she and her brother had gone back upstairs. She'd started packing a little bit, knowing they would be leaving soon even if they didn't know when, but Harry seemed very relaxed about everything. Having put some of her books back into her trunk, along with the essays she'd completed, Calla went to read on her bed, being about halfway through Rebecca by now. Harry was hard at work on homework, and his side of the room was an absolute mess as a result."Got anything I can put in my essay for Trelawney?" Harry asked, sprawled on his bed with rolls of parchment across the bedspread. Calla glanced up from her book."I'm using my visions to my own advantage, thank you very much." She still hadn't quite told him everything she'd seen, or how much it had unnerved her, but after writing to Sirius, Harry seemed a lot more calm about the events of last night."You're the worst," he declared at her refusal, flopping onto his front and smushing his cheek against the duvet."No, you just need to learn to do your own homework." She gave him a pointed look. "Without me or Hermione.""How do you even get visions during the summer anyway?""The same as I get them in winter.""You know what I mean," Harry grumbled. "How come the trace isn't activated?"She shrugged in response. She'd thought about it before but never come to a definite conclusion. "I think it's because I don't do it consciously. It's like accidental magic when you're younger, you know? Or because it focuses on the mind and knowledge of events and the world, rather than the manipulation of it. It's not normal spellwork, and I don't even know if it can be used like that." She frowned, unsure of herself. She'd always thought her visions had something to do with Voldemort too, but she didn't really like to voice that out loud, and she thought Harry had probably figure it out for himself anyway. "Does that make sense?""Yeah," Harry mused quietly. He munched on a sugar quill which he appeared to have swapped out for his normal ink one. "Can I write that for my essay?""What, that divination's knowledge of the world rather than the manipulation of it?" Calla laughed. "You could but it wouldn't answer the question we were given.""I'd get points for effort.""She'd know I said it.""No she wouldn't.""Trelawney's smarter than you give her credit for, Harry." Calla grinned. "She'd sooner believe Ron's a secret seer."At that, Harry gave a laugh. "You might be right, though I don't think anyone could believe that." Calla hid her smirk. She and Padma had had that exact discussion earlier in the year. "Fancy going out for lunch tomorrow? I'm really bored of grapefruit.""Me too," Calla groaned. They'd set aside some muggle money after the events of last summer, converted from galleons, just in case tthey ever needed to get some financial independence from the Dursleys. While they weren't exactly at an emergency point, grapefruit was a pretty rubbish diet. "There's a new fish and chip shop near Stonewall."Harry wrinkled his nose. Neither of them still particularly liked the sound of the school after the memory of Harry's elephant uniform, but fish and chips wasn't something that could easily be turned down. "Okay," he said, just as the door bell rang downstairs. "Fish and chips it is."Not a moment later, Uncle Vernon's voice bellowed up the stairs. "POTTERS!"They exchanged nervous glances. "This can't be good," said Harry, getting wearily to his feet. "Come on."Calla memorised the page number and put her copy of 'Rebecca' down mournfully on her pillow, heading down the stairs after her brother. Uncle Vernon was glaring up at them from the foot of the stairs, looking rather purple in the face and brandishing what looked like a letter. "I've got a letter!" he said, stating the obvious. "About you two!""Who from?" Calla asked breezily, hopping down the last couple of steps. She was sure she already knew anyway."From - from your sort!" She raised her eyebrows and Uncle Vernon blustered. "Just - the two of you, get in the living room! Now!"He seemed angry enough to lash out, so Calla did as she was told, darting into the living room. Dudley looked at her and Harry curiously as they entered, followed by his father. "So," he said, pacing by the fireplace. "So."Calla really wanted to say, "So what," but that wouldn't have helped the situation at all. She flicked her nails between one another, staring at them nervously."This letter's arrived," Uncle Vernon said, and she nodded. He held it out - the writing paper was bright purple. "A letter. About you.""Yes," Calla said nervously. She knew it wasn't from Hogwarts, at least, so nothing bad had happened there. And Remus would have probably just shown up if he had anything to say to the Dursleys; so she thought it was probably from the Weasleys, writing about the Quidditch World Cup. Which meant they'd tried to send a letter by the Muggle post. The idea made her giggle and Uncle Vernon glared at her."You think this is funny girl?" he asked in a growl, and she shut her mouth tightly, shaking her head."No."He glared at her for a long and tense moment before straightening up and striding around the room. "You know what this letter says?" Neither Calla nor Harry spoke. "Dear Mr and Mrs Dursley. We have never been introduced but I am sure you will have heard a lot from Harry and Calla about my son Ron." So it was from the Weasleys; she was right. "As Remus Lupin or the children may have told you, the final of the Quidditch World Cup is to take place on Monday night, and my husband, Arthur, has just managed to get prime tickets through his connections at the Ministry of Magic with the Department of Magical Games and Sports."I do hope you will allow us to take Harry and Calla to the match, as this really is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Britain hasn't hosted the cup for thirty years, and tickets are very hard to come by. We have already discussed this with Harry and Calla's godfathers who have agreed, and I know that Remus Lupin and Sirius Black - whom I believe you have met by now - have offered to take Harry and Calla in for the remainder of the holidays after the Quidditch World Cup, and of course we would see them there safely, too."It would be best for Harry or Calla to send the reply as quickly as possible through the normal means of communication, as I do not believe the Muggle postman has ever visited our house, nor does he know where it is. We hope to see you soon."Yours sincerely,"Mrs Molly Weasley"P.S. I do hope I've put enough stamps on, Arthur and I weren't sure."Uncle Vernon finished reading with a glare and took something out of his breast pocket. He waved it about furiously and Calla frowned trying to get a stable look."This was the envelope it came in."He stopped waving the envelope and Calla found herself trying very hard not to laugh; she was unsuccessful. "I'd say that's enough stamps," she said, giggling, and Harry grinned at her. Uncle Vernon did not."The postman noticed," he growled. "He was very interested to know where this letter came from, as a matter of fact. Seemed to think it was funny.""Well, it is a bit funny," Calla said hesitantly, and Vernon glared at her, face going purple."It is not - funny!" he spat. "This is - this is your sort! Being... freakish!""They didn't know," Calla said quietly. "The postman's the only one who saw and he probably doesn't even care that much.""Probably?" Uncle Vernon spat, looking like a vein was about to pop in his forehead. "Probably?""But can we go?" Harry interceded sharply before Vernon got to yelling anything else. "Only Remus and Sirius have both agreed and we talked about it ages ago."She could see Uncle Vernon thinking. He surely didn't want them to go anywhere they'd enjoy themselves, but he also wanted them out of the house as soon as possible; and likely knew that if he tried to stop them going, he'd have Remus and Sirius showing up to protest and cause a commotion even worse than the postman laughing at the envelope's stamps."Who is this woman?" he demanded."Mrs Weasley. Ron's mum. The one whose house we went to when it was our birthday.""You've seen her," Harry added. "She met Ron off of the Hog- the school train at the end of the last term, remember?""Dumpy sort of woman?" he asked. "Lots of children with red hair?""She's not dumpy," Calla muttered. "But yes, lots of children with red hair.""Right." Uncle Vernon looked again at the letter. "What is this - this Quidditch rubbish?""It's a sport," Harry said, grinning. "It's played on broomsticks.""Alright, alright! That's enough of that - that unnaturalness!" Calla was sure that vein in Uncle Vernon's forehead was going to pop at any second. "What does she mean, the usual way?""Owls," Calla said cheerfully. "You know, like Moony and Hedwig.""That's what's normal for wizards-""Enough!" Uncle Vernon bellowed, looking outraged at the very mention of the word. He was positively shaking with fury, and looked out the window worriedly, as though he thought the neighbours had heard and were queueing up with their pitchforks. "How many times do I have to tell you not to mention that unnaturalness under my roof," he hissed. "You stand there, in the clothes Petunia and I have put on your ungrateful backs-""After Dudley finished with them," Harry muttered."Enough! I will not be spoken to like that in my own house!""Okay, fine," Calla said. "But Remus and Sirius will be very disappointed if we can't leave this Summer. We haven't seen them since our birthday - Harry, didn't you say you were in the middle of writing Sirius a letter, too?"No matter what Uncle Vernon thought of their unnaturalness, Calla knew that he loathed the idea of Sirius Black, someone who had once been convicted of mass murder and had his face all over the news after escaping from prison, coming up the garden path to confront him about a Quidditch World Cup. She could see him thinking hard."Fine!" he spluttered eventually, slamming the envelope down on the coffee table. Calla grinned. When she wasn't expected to do any of the flying, she did rather enjoy watching Quidditch. "You can go to this ruddy... This stupid... This World Cup thing! You write and you tell these Weasleys they're to pick you up, mind, or get Remus to do it, I don't have the one to be going up and down the country dropping you off! And you can spend the rest of the Summer with Lupin and this - this Sirius Black!" He clenched his jaw. "Tell them you're going."Calla spent the next day packing and finishing off her Potions essay before she put it into her trunk with the rest of her books. They'd be leaving on the Sunday. She had to pack; and she had to speak to Mairi.She'd avoided mentioning it all day, but when the time came for her to leave and pack before the Weasleys arrived, Calla knew the subject was unavoidable. Thing was, she didn't know how to tell Mairi that she was leaving, and that she might never actually come back, but didn't know because Dumbledore still wasn't giving up on the issue of custody."Thought I'd say, by the way," Calla said tentatively, as she was about to leave, "Harry and I are heading off tomorrow. Our friend Ron - I've told you about Ron - he's invited us to stay for a few days, and then we're off to stay with our godfathers the rest of the holidays.""Oh." Mairi's face fell for a moment and Calla's stomach churned. "I mean, that's great! At least you'll get some proper food.""I can't wait," Calla laughed nervously. "I'm so tired of grapefruit and bananas."Mhairi giggled. "You'll have to phone me," she told Calla."Oh. I... School's really strict," she said. "We don't really get to phone anywhere, or to write much either." She didn't think there was a phone anywhere within a five mile radius of Hogwarts, and she thought Mairi would have a few questions about an owl showing up on her doorstep. But she desperately wished they could stay in touch. "I'll - I'll do my best though. And if I don't see you for Christmas, I'll probably be back next Summer.""That's ten months away," said Mairi quietly, frowning. "And - you have to stay over Christmas?""Well, it's - we don't have to, but the Dursleys rather we don't come back, so we either stay at school or go to my godfathers'.""Then you could come visit for a day!" Mhairi said. "Where does he live?"That was a tricky question. She didn't actually know yet, not for certain, since they hadn't been told yet. She thought maybe London. She said as much, hoping Mairi wouldn't question it."That isn't too far! Even if you can't stay at the Dursleys, Mum and Dad would be more than happy to have you here.""That's sweet of you," Calla said awkwardly. "I'll... See what's happening.""Right." Mairi smiled bracingly. "Well then. I guess... I'll see you at some point." She looked like she was going to say something else, face flushed, but then stopped and bit her lip. Then she launched herself off the doorstep and tackled Calla in a tight, bracing hug. "I'm going to miss you," she whispered into her hair. "You're my best friend here.""You'll be alright," Calla told her gently. "Don't worry. Everyone'll love you, promise."Mairi laughed wryly. "Yeah, I'm sure. Just... Try and keep in touch, Yeah?"Then she stepped back, eyes a bit pink. Calla found unexpectedly that she had a lump in her throat. It felt like there were words stuck in her throat, waiting to be said, but she didn't know what they were yet. "I'll do my best," was all she said. Then she nodded, and stepped back onto the path. "I'll miss you too.""Yeah." Mairi smiled wistfully. "Bye, Calla."She tweaked her mouth into a smile that didn't feel whole enough. "Bye, Mairi."XxNumber Four, Privet Drive, had rarely been so tense as it was the day the Weasleys were meant to arrive. Uncle Vernon had put on his best suit, not that Calla thought Mr and Mrs Weasley would care at all, and he kept trying to puff his chest up in an effort at intimidating Mr Weasley, despite them not being due to arrive until teatime. Dudley, meanwhile, had been pale all day, and kept clutching his bottom. "They're not going to jinx you," Calla told him shortly when she caught him doing that for the umpteenth time.He just stared at her, quivering a little and she huffed before going up to her room to double check she had everything in her trunk. Her copy of Rebecca was still lying on her pillow so she put it in, but other than, everything seemed to be in order. Her overnight bag was all packed, too, complete with her favourite robes for the occasion of the Quidditch World Cup, and she made sure that Harry's bag was packed too before she went downstairs ten minutes or so before the Weasleys were due to arrive.Uncle Vernon kept muttering things like, "blasted wizards" and "show 'em who's boss" under his breath, pacing the room, while Dudley had returned to holding his bottom nervously in a corner and Aunt Petunia was compulsively straighteneing the couch cushions. "You think they're a little nervous?" Calla whispered to Harry, who grinned."Maybe just a tad."Uncle Vernon was now muttering, "They had better not expect anything from us, oh no, it'll be straight in and straight out."Calla hid her laugh. "Is it bad I'm really looking forward to seeing what happens?""Nope," Harry sang happily."It's going to be chaos.""I can't wait." They grinned at one another, and Calla sat on the back of the sofa, swinging her legs over the edge, just to see Aunt Petunia's nervous, tight-lipped frown. Uncle Vernon didn't even seem to notice her, still pacing in front of the window."These - These Weasleys," he ground out. "They got a car?""Yeah," Calla chirped, fully anticipating his annoyance but wondering how far she could go. "But Harry flew it into a tree a few years ago and now it roams the forest like a feral animal."Uncle Vernon's eyes bugged. "Right. Well. They'd - they'd better pick you up fast as they can and not cause a scene, understand? They'll do as that godfather of yours does and - and show up and bugger off, alright?""Course," she said, tapping her feet on the ground.When it got to five minutes to five and the room was fit to bursting with the tension, she and Harry made a tactical retreat to the stairs in the hall, from which they could watch the front door. "I can't believe you told him about the car," Harry said. "Did you see his face?""It was quite funny, wasn't it?" She giggled. "And he can't very well go off on us for anything right now, can he?""Suppose not, no." Harry craned his neck to get a look at the wall hanging in the living room. "They'll be here soon. I can't wait to be out of here.""Me neither," Calla said, huffing. "Actually, I can't wait to wear my robes. They're much nicer than my hand-me-downs." Though it could be very interesting to push her aunt and uncle's buttons at times, she knew that wearing witch's robes as everyday wear about the house would be a really big step too far and Aunt Petunia had been upset enough on their birthday."I've been reading up on the two teams," Harry said. "Sirius said its Ireland versus Bulgaria; he thinks Ireland will win, but he's rooting for Bulgaria. I don't know who to root for.""I'm going with Ireland," she said. "That's who Daphne's rooting for, and I wrote Izzy and mentioned it and she says she always roots for Ireland first in anything Scotland isn't in.""I'll root for Bulgaria then," said Harry, and she elbowed him gently in the side, grinning.Uncle Vernon came out of the living room right as the clock chimed five o'clock and wrenched the door open, peering outside to scour the street, and then slammed it shut. "They're late," he informed Calla and Harry."Maybe the traffic's bad.""Yeah," Calla whispered to Harry, "there might be loads of birds."He snorted awkwardly as Uncle Vernon glared at them and went to sit back down in the living room, reading a newspaper tensely. "They are coming?" Harry wondered anxiously aloud."Don't be silly, of course they're coming."Calla kept her eyes on the living room while Harry had his trained on the front door, ready to spring up and answer. The clock crept steadily closer to quarter past five and the Dursleys began to get more and more annoyed."No consideration whatsoever, these people.""We might've had an engagement.""Maybe they think they'll get invited to dinner if they're late.""Well they certainly won't," said Uncle Vernon sharply. He stood up, pacing the room, and Dudley shuffled around by the wall, still clutching his bottom. Calla raised her eyebrows at him. "They'll take the brats and go, there'll be no hanging about here. That's if they're even coming at all. Probably mistaken the day. At least that godfather of the girl turns up when he says he will; I dare say the rest of their lot don't set much stock by punctuality. Either that or they all drive some... Some tin-pot car that-" He was cut off by the sound of some scraping and yelling from the fireplace, and Calla jumped up as he yelled. The Dursleys scrambled across the room and Dudley came waddling out of the room as fast as he could, still clutching his bottom."Bloody hell," she muttered, hauling Harry to his feet as she ran back down the stairs and popped her head into the living room. There was no way they'd Flooed - the Dursleys weren't on the network, were they? She grinned. "What's all this then?""What is it?" Aunt Petunia said, backing up against a wall, looking quite white and trembling. "Vernon, what's happening?""Ouch!" said Mr Weasley's voice. "No, Fred, go back - I said go back, there's been some kind of mistake, tell George not to - OUCH!" Calla tried not to giggle as she hurried over to the fireplace. "No, go on back quickly and tell Ron-""Mr Weasley?" Calla called into the fire, and the noise stopped. "Um, it's Calla, can you hear me?""Talking to a fireplace," Uncle Vernon muttered, though he still looked entirely terrified. "What's going on?""They'd tried to travel by Floo Powder, I think," Calla said, trying very hard not to giggle, though her voice went up a few pitches at the end of her sentence. "But the fireplace is blocked up. This is why Remus apparates us, I don't know how they've connected it to the network- Mr Weasley? I'm sorry, the fireplace is blocked.""Blocked?" Mr Weasley asked."It's electric.""Erklectic?" She could hear the excitement in his voice."Er, yes," Harry said, joining her."With a plug? Oh, I really must see that! Oh, ouch, Ron!""What's going on?" Ron's voice asked. "Where are we? Has something gone wrong?""No, Ron, this is exactly where we wanted to end up.""Yeah, we're all really having the time of our lives here," George's muffled voice said."Boys, boys.""Um, Mr Weasley? Is there any way you know to get through?""Er, I'm trying to think... Yes, sorry, it's the only way. Calla, Harry, would you two step away for me?""What's he going to do?" Uncle Vernon demanded as Calla and Harry scooted out of the way. They knew better than to stand in the way of what was probably going to be a spell. Oh, she could imagine the chaos if he blasted the fireplace apart. It was something she could see a wizard doing, too. "What are you-"He didn't get to finish asking. There was a very loud bang as the electric fire flew across the room, narrowly missing Dudley, who had come back in to see the commotion. A cloud of white dust settled over the living room and Calla felt like she was about to scream with laughter at the sight of everyone's faces, standing there completely gobsmacked.Mr Weasley was standing in the fireplace, brushing himself down as he stepped out. "Ah, sorry about that," he said. "But that's much better. Ah, you must be the Potters' aunt and uncle! I did wonder when we might meet!"He held his hand out warmly to Uncle Vernon, who shuddered and backed away, refusing to take it. His suit was completely covered in white dust, which Calla found quite hilarious. "Ah, yes, sorry about the fireplace," Mr Weasley said sheepishly, looking over his shoulder at the mess he'd created. "It's all my fault. It just didn't occur to me that we might not be able to get out the other side. I'd had your fireplace connected to the Floo Network, just for an afternoon of course, so that we could collect Harry and Calla. Muggle fireplaces aren't really supposed to be connected to the Floo Network, strictly speaking, but I've got a friend at the Floo Regulation Panel who got it all set up for me. I can put this right in a jiffy though, don't you worry. I'll light a fire to send the boys and Calla back and then fix this before I Disapparate and no harm's done!"Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia both looked like they thought an awful lot of harm had been done, but neither seemed brave enough to say anything about it. They were both just still gaping at Mr Weasley."Hello, Harry, Calla!" Mr Weasley said cheerfully as if he hadn't noticed the Dursleys' reactions. "Got all your things ready?""They're upstairs," said Harry, grinning."We'll get it," said Fred. "Calla, can you show us?"She knew they were probably looking for a glimpse of Dudley, who had now probably hidden himself in the hall again, likely still holding his buttocks. Calla grinned and gestured for the boys to follow her. "Hey, Ron!" she called as she left, and he grinned back at her."Our room's just at the top of the stairs," she said, leading them up. "It's usually a mess but I made sure Harry was packed so there's not much in it."Fred was looking at the lights above them. "Are those eklectric, then?" he asked, pointing."Yeah," Calla said breezily. "You switch them on at the wall. This is it."She swept the door open and ushered the boys in. Matilda hopped up into her arms, purring, as Calla grabbed Moony and Hedwig's cage. "Got the map?" Fred asked knowingly."In my pocket," Calla replied with a grin. "Couldn't just leave it lying about, could I?""She's got it," George said with a smile. "Although... We're still determined to turn you into a mischief manager."She laughed. "Let's just try and see the chaos in the living room, first. I haven't seen the Dursleys so speechless in years."Fred snickered as they went downstairs, trunks clattering on the stairs. She glimpsed Dudley scurrying out of the kitchen and winked at Fred, nodding down to him. "What's he walking like that for?" George whispered, and she couldn't stop herself from laughing."Long story short, thank Hagrid for giving him a pig's tail.""Our hero," Fred chuckled, as they dragged the trunks into the living room. His and George's faces had both cracked into identical grins, which Calla was sure could only mean one thing; they were up to something and they'd decided Dudley would be involved in their chaos."Ah, right," Mr Weasley said, rolling up his sleeves. Calla exchanged a grin with Harry and Ron, who were both watching the scene amusedly. "Better get cracking then."Calla found this very funny considering he'd just cracked the fireplace open, and she had to turn around to Fred and George to stop Uncle Vernon from seeing her break into laughter. "Incendio!" Mr Weasley said, and Calla had to glance at the Dursleys then to see their reaction to magic in their living room. As they were all pressed right up against the wall, shaking and white, Calla guesses they didn't like it at all.Flames crackled happily in the fireplace - real flames, not electric ones - and Mr Weasley smiled cheerfully as he dropped the dark Floo Powder into them. The flames turned an emerald green and Calla heard Aunt Petunia whimper as they roared louder than ever. "On you go then, Fred," said Mr Weasley, gesturing for him to go forwards."Coming," Fred called. "Oh, no, hang on-"Sweets had just spilled out of his pocket; he scrambled about trying to grab them all, scooping the lot into his pocket. Calla noted Dudley eyeing them greedily. Fred smiled cheerfully once he'd crammed his sweets back into his pocket, and went over to the fireplace, holding Calla's trunk tightly. "The Burrow!" he called, and was a moment later engulfed in emerald flames. Aunt Petunia shrieked, shrinking back against the wall.George took Harry's trunk and did the same, grinning at Calla as he disappeared. "Right, Ron, you next," said Mr Weasley."See you," he said brightly to the Dursleys, and then gave a cheerful wave to Harry and Calla before he too disappeared off into the Floo Network.It was just Calla and Harry left with Mr Weasley now. "Well," Harry said awkwardly to the Dursleys. "Bye then."The Dursleys didn't speak. Calla just rolled her eyes; she didn't know what she had expected. Matilda hissed at them though, and Aunt Petunia glared at the kitten. "Let's go," she said to Harry, making her way over to the fireplace."Your nephew just said goodbye to you," Mr Weasley said to the Dursleys loudly. "And he and your niece aren't going to be returning until next Summer. Surely you're going to say goodbye?""Probably not," Calla muttered.But Uncle Vernon's face was working furiously. He was clearly weighing his options, not enjoying being taught manners by a wizard who had just blasted his fireplace open and covered his family and living room in white plaster dust. But his eyes darted to Mr Weasley's wand, which was still in his hand, and clearly he made the terrible decision."Bye then," he said in a surly tone."See you," Harry said, stepping into the fire. At that moment, though, there was a loud strangled sort of yelling and Calla whipped around to see Dudley kneeling beside the coffee table, gagging and spluttering. Something purple was protruding from his mouth- no way, Calla thought. It was his tongue. But it must have been a foot long."Dudley!" Calla said, astonished. Her eyes bugged out."Did you do this?" Uncle Vernon demanded, face furious and purple as Aunt Petunia rushed over to fuss about Dudley. Matilda let out a yelp and leapt out of Calla's arms, running over to see the commotion, and Aunt Petunia batted her away, flapping hysterically."No!" Calla yelled back, running over to Matilda. "And don't hurt my cat!""Not to worry," Mr Weasley was shouting, "I can sort him out!""It's huge!" Calla cried, grabbing Matilda and holding her securely in her arms.Aunt Petunia screamed worse than ever, lunging in front of Dudley and almost knocking Calla back in her haste. "No, really!" Mr Weasley was insisting. "He'll be quite alright, I can assure you! It's just a simple Engorgement Charm, it was the toffee, my son Fred - he's a bit of a prankster, he's harmless really - I'm sure it's just an Engorgement Charm, if you'd just let me fix it!"That only seemed to make the Dursleys more horrified. Calla scrambled away from Dudley and the flapping Aunt Petunia, holding Matilda as tightly as she could to stop her from squirming away. Aunt Petunia kept pulling at Dudley's tongue, as if that was going to solve the problem, and Uncle Vernon seemed to have lost it, grabbing a china cup from the mantel and chucking it with full force at Mr Weasley's head. He and Calla both ducked out of the way, leaving it to shatter against the destroyed fireplace."Now, really!" Mr Weasley cried, brandishing his wand furiously. "I am trying to help!"Bellowing awfully, Uncle Vernon snatched up another ornament. "Harry, Calla, the two of you, go!" Mr Weasley shouted, turning his wand towards Uncle Vernon. "I'll deal with this."Matilda started shrieking, and Harry disappeared in the flames. Calla rushed over too, stepping into the warm flames and chucking the Floo Powder down. "The Burrow!" she yelled, holding Matilda tightly as they span in the heat and the still shrieking Dursleys disappeared from view.Author's Note: So this is an early update but I am going out of my mind with boredom here being cooped up inside with no work or studying to do and it seems the only thing for it is to write! I hope you guys enjoy this chapter, as the Goblet Of Fire section gets truly underway, and thank you all so so much for your comments on the most recent chapter, they all made me smile so much despite everything that's going on at the moment! Stay safe, y'all! 

"What was that?" Calla asked as she stumbled into the Weasleys' kitchen.Fred grinned. "Ton-Tongue toffee. We've been developing them for months now, George and I. We've been waiting on someone to test them out on all Summer."The tiny kitchen seemed to explode with laughter. Calla looked around then, seeing Ron and George at one end of the wooden table, grinning next to another pair of redheads, who Calla assumed were the eldest brothers, Bill and Charlie. "So you tricked him into eating it?"George grinned. "How long did his tongue get?""Long," Calla said shortly. "Aunt Petunia..." Well, actually, Aunt Petunia's reaction had been rather funny. She pressed her lips together in a not quite smile. "She was going out her mind. I think she was trying to pull it out."The rest of the kitchen roared with laughter. "How're you doing, Calla?" asked the nearest of the other red-heads, offering out his large hand. It was calloused and blistered; Calla was sure he must be Charlie, seeing as he worked with dragons. He was built similarly to the two twins, short and rather sticky, and with a warm, weather beaten face that was covered in freckles; his arms were very muscled, though one was clearly burned."Nice to meet you," Calla said nervously, smiling as Bill stood up, also shaking her hand. He surprised her; he was tall like Ron and Percy, and Calla knew he had been Head Boy when he was at Hogwarts, like Percy; but he was also very unlike Percy, in that he had long hair tied back in a ponytail and wore a single earring with what looked like a fang dangling it. He looked like he could have been a rockstar if he was a Muggle, and his boots were made of thick dragon hide. Bill Weasley was cool.Before Calla could say anything to him though, there was a faint popping noise, and Mr Weasley appeared at George's shoulder, making Calla jump. He looked very, very angry, and Calla and Harry exchanged concerned looks. "That wasn't funny, Fred!" he shouted furiously. "What on earth did you give that Muggle boy?""I didn't give him anything," Fred said with a grin. "I just dropped it... It was his fault he's greedy and picked it up... I certainly never told him to.""You dropped it on purpose!" Mr Weasley roared. "You knew he'd eat it, you knew he was on a diet!""How long did his tongue get in the end?" George asked."It was four feet long before his parents would let me shrink it!" All the Weasleys and Harry burst out laughing again at that, and Calla bit back her own laugh. From the sounds of it, Dudley wouldn't have really been hurt; Aunt Petunia's panicking and Uncle Vernon's anger were, probably, more dangerous."It isn't funny!" Mr Weasley shouted. "That sort of behaviour seriously undermines wizard-Muggle relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of Muggles, and my own sons-""We didn't give him it because he's a Muggle!" Fred said indignantly."We have it to him because he's a great big, bullying git," said George. "Isn't he, Harry?""Yeah," Harry sad earnestly, "he is, Mr Weasley.""That's not the point!" raged Mr Weasley. "You boys just wait until I tell your mother-""Tell me what?"Calla turned sharply to see Mrs Weasley, who had just entered kitchen, her usually kind eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Oh, hello there, dears," she said, nodding to Calla and Harry. Her eyes skipped over to her children and then snapped back to Mr Weasley. "Tell me what, Arthur?"Mr Weasley hesitated then. Calla could tell that no matter how angry he was with Fred and George, he had never really been going to tell Mrs Weasley what they'd done. He was silent as he eyed his wife nervously, clearly debating over what to say. Then two girls appeared just behind her; Hermione and Ginny. Calla grinned at them, and Ginny went very red - not because of her, but because of Harry, who had also just smiled at her and who Ginny was clearly very flustered by."Tell me what, Arthur?" Mrs Weasley demanded with her hands on her hips, using a very dangerous sort of voice."It's nothing, Molly," Mr Weasley muttered. "It's just - Fred and George just - but I've had words with them-""What have they done this time?" asked Mrs Weasley. "If it has anything to do with Weasley's Wizard Wheezes-""Why don't we show Calla and Harry where they're sleeping, Ron?" Hermione said abruptly from the doorway."What?" Ron squinted at her and she made a pointed face. "Oh, right, yeah. Let's all go.""Yeah, we'll come too," George started, getting up hastily."You'll stay right where you are!" Mrs Weasley snarled.Calla, Harry and Ron edged out of the kitchen, and they and Hermione and Ginny all went up the narrow hallway and a rickety staircase that zig-zagged throughout the house. "What are Weasley's Wizard Wheezes?" Harry asked as they climbed. Hermione cooed gently over Matilda, who was still in Calla's arms, rubbing her head."Mum found this stack of order forms in Fred and George's room while she was cleaning it," Ron told them. "Great long price-lists for all this stuff they've invented. Joke stuff, you know. Fake wands, trick sweets, you know, that sort of thing, they've made loads of stuff. It was brilliant, I never knew they were inventing all of that...""We've been hearing explosions out of their room for ages," Ginny explained, "but we never thought they were actually making things. We thought they just liked the noise.""Only most of the stuff - well, all of it, really - was a bit dangerous," Ron said, "and, you know, they were planning on selling it at Hogwarts to make a bit of money. Mum went mental at them, of course. Told them they weren't allowed to make any more of it, and she burnt all of the order forms... She's furious at them anyway. They didn't get as many O.W.L.s as she expected.""So then there was this great big row," said Ginny. "Cause Mum wants them to go into the Ministry of Magic like Dad, and they told her all they want to do is open a joke shop."Just then, a nearby door opened and Percy's face popped out. He looked altogether very disgruntled. "Hi, Percy," said Harry, too cheerfully.Percy looked over his horn-rimmed glasses. "Hello, Harry. And Calla." She waved. "I was wondering who was making all of this racket. I'm trying to work in here, you know - I've a report to finish for the office - and it's rather difficult to concentrate when people keep thundering up and down the stairs.""We're not thundering," Ron told him sharply, sounding annoyed. "We're walking. Sorry if we've disturbed the top secret workings of the Ministry of Magic.""What are you working on?" Harry asked Percy in a hopeful sort of voice. Knowing Percy worked in the Department for International Magical Co-Operation, Calla wondered if it had anything to do with any sightings of Pettigrew.But Percy puffed his chest up and adopted a rather smug expression. "A report for the Department of International Magical Co-Operation," he told them importantly. "We're trying to standardise cauldron thickness. Some of these foreign imports are just a shade too thin - leakages have been increasing at a rate of almost three per cent a year-""That'll change the world, that will," said Ron. "Front page of the Daily Prophet, I reckon, cauldron leaks."Percy turned and interesting shade of pink and Calla giggled into Matilda's fur."You might sneer, Ron," said Percy, "but unless some sort of international law is introduced the market could soon wind up flooded with flimsy, shallow bottomed products which could seriously endanger-""Yeah, yeah, alright," Ron muttered, stomping off back upstairs again. Calla hurried after him as Percy slammed his door shut loudly.The rest of them all hurried up the last three flights of stairs, hearing echoes of shouting float up to them from the kitchen. It seemed Mrs Weasley had found out about the Ton Tongue Toffee after all."This room's mine," Ron said, opening a door. Bright orange posters of the Chudley Cannons, which Calla knew was Ron's favourite Quidditch team, hung around the walls, and there was a fish tank over in the corner with a rather large frog in it, standing on a rock. A tiny grey owl bounced around the walls excitedly at the prospect of new visitors - it was the one Sirius had sent along to them on the Hogwarts Express, Calla realised. The little owl zipped over to them, chirping excitedly at Matilda, who batted at him playfully in response as though he were a ball of yarn."Careful," Calla warned her, and Matilda brought her paws down to rest on Calla's arms instead of fighting the air.The owl had gone back to hopping up and down on the windowsill, twittering madly. "Shut up, Pig," Ron said, squeezing his way between two of the four beds that had been put into the room. "Fred and George are in here with us, because Bill and Charlie are in his room. Calla, you're sharing with Hermione and Ginny in her room. Percy gets to keep his own room all to himself, because he's got to work.""Er, why are you calling that owl Pig?" Harry asked Ron, frowning."Because he's being stupid," said Ginny. "Its proper name is Pigwidgeon.""Yeah, and that's not a stupid name at all," said Ron, rolling his eyes sarcastically. "Ginny named him," he explained to Calla and Harry. "She reckons it's sweet. And I did try to change it, but it was too late, and he won't answer to anything else now. So now he's Pig. I've got to keep him up here because he annoys Errol and Hermes. Annoys me too, come to think of it."Despite what Ron said, Calla knew he didn't really mean it. He'd rarely done anything but moan about his rat Scabbers, but he had been devastated when he thought he'd been killed by Crookshanks, and very personally offended when he turned out to have been Peter Pettigrew, a mass murderer and a spy of Voldemort. Pigwidgeon zoomed happily around his corner of the room, letting out a series of shrill hoots, and Calla put all thoughts about Peter Pettigrew out of her mind."Where's Crookshanks?" Calla asked Hermione, as Matilda pawed curiously at the air."Out in the garden, I expect. He seems to like chasing the gnomes. He's never seen any before.""Come on, Calla," said Ginny, "I'll show you our room. You've got the bed next to the door, if that's okay.""Course," Calla said, still holding Matilda as they went out, the boys following closely behind."Percy enjoying work then?" Harry asked as they went down the narrow little hallway."Enjoying it?" Ron said darkly. "I don't reckon Percy would come home if Dad didn't force him to. He's obsessed with it. Just don't get him onto the subject of his boss. He's all Mr Crouch says this, Mr Crouch says that. According to Mr Crouch... Mr Crouch was telling me... Mr Crouch is of the opinion... It's driving us mad. They'll be announcing their engagement any day now," he declared, as Ginny pushed open the door to her own room. It was just slightly smaller than Ron's, and the walls were bright pink with the purple and blue posters of a Quidditch team that seemed to be the Holyhead Harpies tacked up everywhere. She didn't have a pet, but there were some very fluffy pillows which Calla appreciated."That's your one," Ginny said, and Matilda immediately leapt onto the nearest bed, padding up and down it and then stopping with an affirmative nod."Thanks," Calla said. "Matilda seems to like it.""She's so cute," said Ginny, kneeling down next to the bed and scratching Matilda gently behind the ears. She purred gently, bobbing her head."She likes you," Calla said happily. Just then, there was a hooting sound as Moony flapped through the doorway, clearly having been let out of her cage by someone downstairs. Ron gave a yell, ducking down, and Moony landed abruptly next to Matilda, looking curiously at Ginny. "He likes you too," Calla assures Ginny, who looked a little surprised. "Probably.""Have you heard from Remus and Sirius?" Ron asked them."Yeah. They're going to pick us up the day after we get back, so we can stay with them for a bit. Don't know if it's permanent or not yet, but..." Harry exchanged a nervous smile with Calla. "Hopefully.""Good," Hermione said happily. "Shall we all go down and help with dinner? And Matilda can gonfind Crookshanks." Matilda let out an excited sort of meowing sound at that, and Calla held her arms out for the kitten to leap into."Come on then," she said, smiling. "Moony?" Moony ruffles his feathers and flirted over to the windowsill, staring at them all."He's fine," Ginny said, grinning. "We can get his cage up later, come on."The argument had died out by the time they got downstairs. Mrs Weasley was in the kitchen, looking very displeased. "We're eating outside," she told them sharply. "There's isn't enough room for everyone in here. Could you take the plates outside, girls? Bill and Charlie should be setting up the table. Ron, Harry, knives and forks please." She directed her wand at a pile of potatoes in the sink. Clearly she'd done it a bit too aggressively; their skins practically flew off, and Calla had to dodge them as they hit the walls.She followed Ginny's lead over to where the plates were piled by the door. Matilda scampered out of Calla's arms onto the floor so she could pick up some of the plates, and they went outside. Almost immediately they were greeted by Crookshanks, who scampered across the garden and flicked his tail towards Matilda, who leapt off after him, chasing a very strange thing that might have been a potato on legs, and which Calla decided was probably a gnome like Hermione had mentioned.They went further out standing by a hedge as Bill and Charlie 'set up' the tables. Though that wasn't quite what they were doing; Calla giggled as they flicked their wands about, making the tables crash into each other loudly, like they were fighting. "Come on, Bill's table!" Ginny called, and Bill beamed, his table flying into Charlie's and knocking it backwards."Oi!" said Charlie in protest, sending his own table flying right back and bashing into Bill's. Though the rest of them were laughing, Hermione looked rather anxious, as though worried the tables might break."Don't worry about it, Mione," said Calla with a grin up at the sky. "It'll be fine."Ron and Harry came out a moment later, frowning at all the commotion, and Calla grinned as she caught her brother's eye. Bill's table then slammed into Charlie's with a great big bang, sending one of the legs flying off towards Calla and Hermione. Above them there was a loud clatter, and Calla frowned up to see Percy poking his head out from a window on the second floor."Keep it down, will you?" he shouted. "Some of us are trying to work here!""Sorry, Perce," said Bill with a grin. "How're the cauldron bottoms coming along?""Badly," said Percy shortly, and slammed his window shut again with a scowl. Bill and Charlie both laughed as they guided the tables back down to the ground, re-attaching the leg that had come off of Charlie's one.By seven o'clock, after a lot of chatter and fussing over setting the tables, they were laden with dishes of Mrs Weasley's excellent cooking. It was far, far superior to the rations of fruit she'd been on for most of the holidays at Privet Drive, she thought, grinning widely as she tucked into the delicious chicken and ham pie."This is wonderful," she told Mrs Weasley, who beamed back at her."Thank you, dear," she said.At the other end of the table, Percy - who had emerged grudgingly from his room at the smell of food - was talking avidly about his report on cauldron bottoms. "I've told Mr Crouch I'll have it on his desk by Tuesday morning," he said to Mr Weasley in an important sort of way. "That's a bit earlier than he had originally expected it, but I do like to keep on top of things. I think he'll be grateful I've done it in good time. I mean, it's extremely busy in our department at the moment, what with all the arrangements for the Quidditch World Cup. We're just not getting the support we need from the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Ludo Bagman...""I like Ludo," said Mr Weasley in a mild manner, raising his eyebrows. "He was the one who got us such good tickets to go and see the Cup. I did him a bit of a favour once: his brother, Otto, see, he got himself into a bit of bother with a lawnmower with unnatural powers." He grinned. "I smoothed it all over for him.""Oh, well Bagman is likeable enough, of course," Percy said in a dismissive way, "but how he ever got to be the head of his department I will never know. You know Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now, and Bagman is yet to send any investigation into the matter! She went on holiday to Albania and just never came back, and he's done nothing about it.""Yes, I did ask Ludo about that," Mr Weasley said, "he says Bertha Jorkins has gotten lost plenty of times before and always shows up soon enough. He reckons she probably got herself confused and wound up in Australia instead of Albania."Albania rang a bell with Calla, though she couldn't think why. This Bertha Jorkins, whoever she was, how on Earth would she manage to get to Australia instead of Albania? And not contact anyone?"I must say, though," said Mr Weasley, "If it had been someone in my department, I would be worried...""Oh, Bertha's hopeless, all right," Percy said. "I hear she's been shunted from Department to Department for years, no one really wants her, more trouble than she's worth... But all the same, Bagman really ought to be trying to find her. Mr Crouch has been taking a personal interest in the matter - she used to work in our department you know, for a time, and I think he was rather fond of her - but Mr Bagman just keeps laughing it off. Says she must have misread the map." He shook his head, sighed very deeply, and took a great swig of elderflower wine. "However, we have quite enough on our plate at the moment in the Department of International Magical Co-Operation, what with organising the Quidditch World Cup, we don't need to be tending to the problems of other large departments, too. And as you know, father, we still have a large event to organise right after the Cup."He cleared his throat significantly, straightened up and looked down the table to where Calla sat with Harry, Ron and Hermione. She stared along the table at him. "You know the one I mean, father," he said, raising his voice slightly. "The top secret one."It didn't seem so top secret if he was mentioning it like that, Calla thought with a huff. Ron rolled his eyes and muttered, "He's been trying to get us to ask him what it is ever since he started at work. It's probably an exhibition of thick bottomed cauldrons or something." Calla held back a laugh, having a bit more of the pie.In the middle of the table, Mrs Weasley was discussing Bill's clothing with him, fussing over the length of his hair and his earring. "...with a horrible great big fang on it, Bill. Really, what must they say at the bank?""No one at the bank cares what I look like, Mum," said Bill with a sigh, "just so long as I come back with plenty of treasure and gold. It doesn't really matter.""And your hair's just getting silly, dear," Mrs Weasley went on. "I do wish you'd let me cut it dear, just a bit of a trim, neaten it up a little.""I think the earring's cool, Mum," Ginny said. "You're so old-fashioned. And his hair's nowhere near as long as Professor Dumbledore's, anyway..."The other boys, Fred, George and Charlie, were all having a very spirited discussion about the Quidditch World Cup. Calla had already made up her mind to support Ireland, and she had a feeling that they'd win - whether that was legitimate or if she was just being hopeful was yet to be seen - but the boys were determined to discuss it anyway."...They flattened Peru in the semi-finals," Charlie was saying about Ireland."Yeah, but Bulgaria's got Krum," said Fred. Calla had no idea who Krum was but supposed he was meant to be quite good."Krum's one good player," Charlie said. "Ireland have got seven.""I'm supporting Ireland," Calla put in, and Charlie grinned at her."See? That settles it. I do wish England had gotten trough to the final though, that was just embarrassing that was.""What happened?" asked Harry eagerly. Calla had never been very into sports - Uncle Vernon liked to yell some very rude things at the television whenever his team played, and she tended have the common sense to stay out of his way when he was in a mood about it - but she was curious."We went down to Transylvania," Charlie said, shaking his head. Calla wondered if Transylvania had vampires on their team; she didn't think it was a particularly big area, if she had her geography right. "Three hundred and ninety to ten." Calla winced. That was a pretty awful result. "Shocking performance. And then Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland got thrashed by Luxembourg." She was sure Isobel would have been very upset about that.She drifted away from the Quidditch conversation, discussing the new Ancient Runes textbooks they'd been set with Hermione who, despite not being in the same class as Calla, was also very invested in the subject. "I would like to learn more about Ogham," Hermione said. "Its meaning has been so changed throughout the centuries and it would be interesting to see that transition."Calla nodded her agreement as Mrs Weasley brought out the pudding - homemade strawberry ice cream. "It's got so much magical significance too," she agreed, "and mythological significance, too. Plus it apparently used to be used in Divination."Hermione wrinkled her nose a bit at that but at least didn't have anything particularly dismissive to say about the subject, preferring to eat her ice cream. Just as Calla finished, Crookshanks streaked into the garden again, followed by Matilda, who crept into Calla's lap, seeming quite exhausted. "Have you tired yourself out?" she cooed, and Matilda curled up in response. She and Hermione shared a grin, and Calla stroked Matilda's head gently."Look at the time," Mrs Weasley said suddenly, getting to her feet. "You had all best be getting a good night of sleep; you'll be up at the crack of dawn to get to the match tomorrow. Harry, Calla, if you leave your school list out I'll go and get your things for you tomorrow in Diagon Alley, I'm getting everybody else's.""Oh, that's alright," Harry said quickly. "I, erm, I think Remus and Sirius are getting our things with us after the Cup.""Well," Mrs Weasley said, "if you're sure then, though the match can go on for a while so I don't know when you might be back. It went on for five whole days the last time."Harry seemed like he was very excited at that prospect; Calla was decidedly not so. Five hours would be seriously pushing it; five days she thought she might give up. "I hope it does this time," he said enthusiastically. "We'll still have time after.""Well I don't," said Percy loudly. "I shudder to think what state my intray might be in by the time I get back if I was away for five whole days.""Yeah, someone might slip dragon dung in it again, might they, eh, Percy?" Fred said, grinning."That was a sample of fertiliser from Norway," said Percy indignantly, face going very red. "It was nothing personal!""It was," Fred whispered to Calla as they all got up. "We sent it."Author's Note: Hope you're all well among all of this chaos, my country is near enough shutting all public gathering spaces eg. pubs and restaurants and I've officially moved home. Here's a more cheerful chapter for you all today; the next should be up on Monday! Stay safe!

There was a dragon in her dream. It hulked over her, snarling and roaring, shooting plumes of fire. She screamed and turned, ankle twisting as she slammed not into the ground but into a very deep lake. This time when she screamed, she choked on it, and her hands were trapped by seaweed as she thrashed. The dragon dove down after her, still breathing fire, its eyes bright and murderous. She kicked out, crying and no one heard her. The dragon lunged and turned into a snake, snapping at her head and all of a sudden she was kneeling, slumped, on the grass, crying. She couldn't move, and she didn't know how, but she knew something horrible had just happened. A rat scurried past her, the snake twisted around her neck, forcing her to look up to where the sky had gone green. No, she realised. It hadn't gone green. There was just green light, hanging there, swirling around in drifting grey smoke, the shape of a skull with a snake writhing from its mouth. She could hear people screaming.Next thing, she was panting in Ginny's bedroom, the moon still bright outside. She slumped back down with a sigh, trying to get back to sleep.They were woken up very early in the morning, when Calla felt like she'd only just dropped off to sleep. Even before the dream had interrupted her slumber, she, Hermione and Ginny had stayed up for probably far too long, chatting and gossiping. It was nice to have insight on Ginny's year as well as their own, and Hermione told Calla some very amusing stories about Harry and his homework attempts - and procrastination methods - that she couldn't wait to tease him about. But her dream had put much of that excitement out of her mind, she deeply regretted all of it when they had to get up at half past four, and her head was thumping and she could barely see in front of her.It was cold, too, which didn't help, and both Hermione and Ginny were pale as they set about getting washed and changed. Someone clattered on the stairs and Calla groaned, pressing a hand to her forehead and splashing water in her eyes to wake herself. It didn't work very well, but she tried to imagine that it did and hopefully she could trick her brain into believing it."I hate getting up early," Ginny muttered, handing Calla her glasses, which she put on eagerly. She still felt a little bleary, though. "And I don't know what to wear.""Jeans and a t-shirt," Calla said with a yawn. They'd been told to wear Muggle clothes for today - to go 'incognito' - which she thought was an awful shame, because she wanted to wear her robes.Hermione had pulled on a light pink top and a blue hoodie, along with her jeans, and was trying to wrangle her hair with a brush. Calla didn't know how she had the energy to deal with it; she ran some Sleakeazy's through hers and then pulled her hair into two messy pleats, one over each shoulder. She'd deal with brushing her hair when she actually felt awake.Still trying to wake up, she pulled on one of Dudley's old, faded t-shirts and tied it at the back with a hair bobble so it didn't seem to drown her, and pulled on her jeans and trainers which were mercifully her own and fit her. She still shot a mournful look at her robes as she laid her mother's bracelet on the bedside table - she didn't want to risk losing it in the crowds at the match. Maybe after the cup, Remus and Sirius would take them into some Muggle shops for decent clothes of their own."Do I look ridiculous?" Ginny asked, wearing a very long grey jumper and a bright blue skirt, over what looked like striped leg warmers and high leather boots."Yes," Calla said honestly, trying not to giggle as Ginny pouted. "Come on, Hermione, let's sort this out."They both giggled as they tried to put together a decent outfit for Ginny, and had just managed to get her one of Hermione's blouses to go with the blue skirt when Mrs Weasley came in. "The time the three of you take, come on, your breakfast's almost ready.""Sorry, Mrs Weasley," Calla said, grinning."They were getting me to look like a Muggle," Ginny said with a sigh, fiddling with the sleeve of her blouse. "Apparently this is what they wear?""You'll blend in perfectly," Hermione assured her with a smile."Come on then," Mrs Weasley said briskly. "On you go downstairs."She marched down ahead of them, and Ginny was still rubbing her eyes when they reached the kitchen. "Do we have to be up so early?" she whined, sitting down drowsily at the table."We've got a bit of a long walk," Mr Weasley said."Are we walking to the Cup?" Harry asked, looking surprised, and Mr Weasley shook his head, chuckling.Calla slumped down next to her brother, head on the table. "No, no, the Cup's miles away," Mr Weasley said. "We only need to walk a short distance. It's just that it can be very difficult for so many of us wizards to congregate in one area without arising any suspicion from the Muggles around. And on such a big occasion as the Quidditch World Cup-""George!" Mrs Weasley cut in sharply, causing Calla's head to hurt. She groaned and glanced up, as Harry passed her some toast. "What is that in your pocket?""What?" George asked in fake innocence. Calla was sure no one was fooled by it."Wha is that in your pocket?""Nothing!" he insisted."Don't lie to me!" Mrs Weasley said, as Calla bit into her toast, watching the scene with curiosity. She didn't have much of an appetite at this time in the morning anyway. Mrs Weasley pointed her wand at George's pocket and said, "Accio!"A moment later, a load of brightly coloured sweets were zooming out of his pocket; he and Fred both tried to catch them, but it was unsuccessful, and they all flew into Mrs Weasley's outstretched hand. "We told you to destroy them!" she said furiously, face going red. Calla squinted; they were definitely more Ton-Tongue Toffees. She had to admire the twins' persistence, and she wondered just how many they had developed. "We told you to get rid of the lot! Empty your pockets, both of you now, go on!"They'd clearly been planning on smuggling the toffees into the cup, and only turned over a few before Mrs Weasley resorted to using the Summoning Charm to make the rest of them fly into her hand. George was looking just as furious as Mrs Weasley was as toffees flew from the lining of his jacket and the upturn of Fred's jeans."We spent six months developing those!" Fred howled as his mother put them away."Oh, and a fine way to spend six months that is!" Mrs Weasley shouted back. "No wonder you didn't get more O.W.L.s!"Calla chewed on her toast among the unpleasantness, which didn't seem to be ceasing at all. She leaned her head on Harry's shoulder tiredly and he looked at her. "Tell me you actually slept last night, right?""Yeah," she said, stifling a yawn. Her forehead still hurt. "But I... I had a dream.""A... A bad dream?" Harry asked tentatively, and she nodded. Ron looked at them curiously and she shook her head with a dismissive sort of smile."Yeah. I don't know what it means." She hated not knowing what her dreams meant. Just once, she thought, could they not be straightforward and pleasant?"What happened?" Harry started to ask, but just then they were interrupted by Mr and Mrs Weasley declaring that they ought to set off soon.With a tired sigh, she finished the rest of her toast and said, "I'll tell you about it when I'm more awake."She ran back upstairs with Hermione and Ginny to grab their rucksacks and Matilda, who Calla was insisting on bringing with her - she shouldn't have to miss out on the fun, and Calla was reluctant to leave her alone with Crookshanks and the owls, since she was so little - before running back to the door where everyone was preparing to depart. Harry kept close to her as Mrs Weasley bade them all goodbye, still glowering from the incident with Fred and George."Well, have a lovely time," she told them all. "And for goodness' sake, behave yourselves." This last part was definitely aimed at Fred and George, who pointedly ignored it. "I'll send Bill, Charlie, and Percy over around midday."They all crossed the dark garden, Matilda resting placidly on Calla's shoulder. She was fairly certain she'd gone to sleep, the lucky thing. It was still chilly outside, as well as dark, though there was a subtle, slightly greenish tinge to the horizon and Calla could tell that daybreak was drawing closer. She couldn't wait until she could feel the sun on her face, rather than the chill on her arms. Matilda flicked her tail at Calla's elbow absently, just as Harry sped up, and Calla followed him quickly."So how does everyone get there without all the Muggles noticing?" he was asking Mr Weasley curiously."It's been a massive issue," he said, sighing. "An absolute nightmare to organise. Thing is, there's about a hundred thousand wizards that turn up to the World Cup, and we've got some places that are hidden from Muggles, but can you imagine trying to fit a hundred thousand of us into Diagon Alley, or Platform Nine and Three Quarters?" That didn't sound like a possibility at all. "So we had to find a nice deserted moor and set up some anti-Muggle defensive charms, as many as we possibly could."We've had to sort of stagger ourselves, so to speak. People with the cheaper tickets have been arriving since two weeks ago. Some have been using Muggle methods of transport, but we can't have too many of them clogging up their buses and trains, you see. There are wizards coming from all over the world, remember."Some apparate of course, like the boys are doing, but we've had to set up special areas for it, well away from any prying Muggle eyes, where they won't be found. I believe there's a handy wood nearby that they're using. For those who don't want to, or can't Apparate, such as us, they're using Portkeys.""That's what we're using, then?" Calla asked, and Mr Weasley nodded."Precisely. They're objects that are used to transport wizards from once place to another. They have to be rather inconspicuous things though, some litter or junk that the muggles won't think to pick up." Calla didn't suppose it would be a good idea for a Muggle to pick up a book lying about in Kent and suddenly find themselves in Glasgow. "They can do large groups at a time if need be, which is more convenient for families. There have been two hundred Portkeys placed at strategic points around Britain, near places where a lot of wizards tend to live. The nearest one to us is up on Stoatshead Hill, so that's where we're headed."He pointed to a massive looking hill that was just up in front of them beyond the village of Ottery St. Catchpole and Calla stared. Climbing that massive hill sounded like a horrific idea."Tell me it's not on the top of the hill?" she asked, and Mr Weasley made the sort of face that told her it was absolutely at the highest point possible.She groaned. "Great."They trudged quietly down the dark lane towards the nearby village, which was a quiet sort of place. Though she supposed most places were at this time of the morning; the sky was only just beginning to lighten, turning a pale blue colour. Harry hung back a moment, letting the others pass as he claimed he had to tie his laces, and Calla waited on him. "Right," he said quietly. "What did you see?""It was weird," she said as they walked slowly onwards. "It kept changing a few times, and it was like I couldn't quite get a foothold on each vision. They were a bit blurrier too... Like it was less certain.""But none of them are certain, are they?" Harry asked, frowning. "I mean, your Buckbeak vision proved wrong.""Technically, my interpretation was what was wrong," she pointed out. "But yeah, I get what you mean. So anyway, there was this dragon, right?""A dragon?""A dragon." She shook her head. "Yeah, I don't know either. And then it sort of breathed fire at me, and then I was drowning, and it turned into a snake, right? And I've been seeing this snake a lot, it's definitely important, I... Well, I don't think it'd be too much of a leap to say it's related to You-Know-Who. And then after I was in the water I was sort of kicking out and then I landed on the grass and I was..." She swallowed her words. She didn't really want to say out loud that the dream vision version of herself had been crying."You were what?" Harry asked with a frown."Well I was crying," she said quickly. "I don't know why, I Just was. But this snake sort of cooled around my neck, and it made me look up and there was this..." She lowered her voice as she considered her next words. "Do you know what the Dark Mark is?"Harry shook his head slowly. "No. But it doesn't sound good.""No. Daphne told me about it. It's his mark.""And you saw it?" Harry whispered. "Calla...""I know what that means," she said lowly. "There's only one thing it can mean.""It could just be one of his followers..." Harry said, though he didn't sound like he believed it. After Pettigrew escaping and what Calla had seen, it didn't really seem like there was any other option. He might not be back, but he was stirring. Something was coming."Come on, Potters!" Mr Weasley called briskly over his shoulder. "Keep up!"Ron shot them a questioning look as they hurried on only a little. "We'll tell Remus and Sirius about it after the match," Harry promised quietly. "They'll know what to do."Calla didn't think she believed that, but she very dearly wanted to. At the least they would do something to help, or to reassure them. "Yeah," she said quietly as they began the climb up Stoatshead Hill. "I'm sure they will."The climb was long and arduous, and Calla's whole body was freezing by the time they got to the top. Her ears especially felt like they were about to fall off and she wasn't certain she could hear quite right."Whew," Mr Weasley panted as Calla and Harry at last came over the crest of the hill, bringing up the rear. He took off his glasses and checked his watch with a smile. "Ah, we've still got ten minutes. Good time, good time." That was ten minutes they could have spent in bed, Calla thought grumpily. "Now we just need the Portkey. It won't be big... Come on."They spread out to search for it, and Calla saw Ron and Hermione quietly interrogating Harry over the subject of their conversation. He didn't seem to be saying much, though his gaze kept flickering over to her while she looked around with Ginny. They'd barely been searching a few minutes though, when someone shouted."Over here, Arthur! Over here, son, we've got it!"Calla and Ginny straightened up and turned to see two figures silhouetted against the lightening sky on the other side of the hill. "Amos!" said Mr Weasley.Calla shot Ginny a questioning look and she whispered, "Amos Diggory. Lives on the other side of the village.""Diggory as in Cedric Diggory?"Ginny nodded, and Calla could have sworn her cheeks went a little pink. "I think that's him there, too."Calla looked over, and followed Ginny and the others after Mr Weasley, who was greeting Mr Diggory warmly. Mr Diggory was short, unliked Cedric, with a sort of scrubby beard and a rather ruddy face, and he was also holding a manky looking old boot, which didn't add to the image."This is Amos Diggory, everyone," said Mr Weasley. "Works for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures." Calla looked at him scrutinisingly. Remus didn't seem to like many of the wizards in that department, as she'd picked up in conversations over the years. They tended to be very biased against werewolves. "I believe you know his son, Cedric?"Calla only knew him in passing; he was a few years older and almost seventeen, and played Seeker on the Hufflepuff Quidditch Team. Harry had played against him last year when the Dementors had come, and though he had apparently wanted a rematch and been rather fair about it, she still didn't think Harry particularly liked him. But he was, she had to admit, quite handsome. "Hi," he said, and she caught Hermione and Ginny's eyes with a small grin which the boys were obviously oblivious to."Hi," she replied with everyone else except Fred and George who clearly had not gotten over that Quidditch loss."Long walk, Arthur?" Mr Diggory asked cheerfully. It was far too early for someone to be that cheerful. Calla squeezed her eyes shut; they still had a few minutes until whatever Mr Weasley had mentioned with the portkey, and she could take a nap standing up."Not too bad," Mr Weasley was saying. "We live just over the other side of the village there. You?""Has to get up at two, didn't we, Ced?" Mr Diggory said. "I tell you, I'll be glad when he's got his Apparition test. Still, not complaining... Quidditch World Cup, eh? Wouldn't miss it for a thousand galleons - mind you, the tickets cost about that. Though it looks like I got off easy..." She could hear people shuffling. "Are all these yours, Arthur?""Only the redheads," Mr Weasley said. "This is Hermione, one of Ron's friends... and there's Harry, another friend of Ron's, and-"Merlin's beard," Mr Diggory said sharply. "Merlin's beard... Harry? Harry Potter?""Er, yeah," she could hear Harry saying awkwardly. She shifted a bit behind Ginny and partially wanted to look at her brother, and partially wasn't sure she could actually open her eyes."Ced's talked about you of course," said Mr Diggory. "Told is all about playing you in Quidditch last year... I told him, didn't I Ced, told him... That'll be something to tell the grandchildren one day, won't it? You beat Harry Potter!""Harry fell off his broom, Dad," Cedric said awkwardly."Yes, but you didn't, did you?" Mr Diggory asked. "But then, where's the other one, his sister? She doesn't play Quidditch, does she?""No," Calla said, grudgingly opening her eyes and poking her head out from where she'd ended up behind George's shoulder. "I'm not a fan of flying, but I like watching." She nodded tightly to Cedric. "They both played well.""Well, our Ced's always been modest but see, the best man won!" Calla tried not to glare at him. "I'm sure Harry would say the same, wouldn't you? One stays on his broom, the other falls off, you don't have to be a genius to tell which is the better flier!""Look at the time!" Mr Weasley said quickly before Calla could retort. It wasn't Harry's fault he'd fallen of his broom. If Cedric had been through what he had and seen what he had, he would have too. "Do you know if we're waiting for any more, Amos?""The Lovegoods have arrived already," Mr Diggory said. Calla wondered if he meant Luna Lovegood's family, the rather eccentric Ravenclaw in the year below her. "And the Fawcetts couldn't get tickets. There aren't any more of us in this area, are there?""Not that I know of," Mr Weasley said, checking his watch again. "Well, it's about a minute off. We had better get ready." He glanced at Calla, Harry and Hermione. "All you have to do is to touch the Portkey. A finger'll do the trick."The ten of them crowded clumsily around the manky old boot, Calla gripping its toe as much as she could given the lack of room. She didn't trust that, if she didn't actually hold the thing, she wouldn't go flying off and end up at the bottom of the hill when everyone else moved. That was just the sort of thing she thought would happen to her.Everyone was very quiet as they waited, and Calla was glad it was dark. She tried to imagine a Muggle stumbling across them, ten people holding onto a manky old boot at the top of a hill in the middle of nowhere... She had to hold back a giggle at the idea."Three..." Mr Weasley muttered. "Two... One..."It was like something had just grabbed Calla's stomach, like a hook into her navel. She felt herself jerked forward and gasped, as she rose into the air. Or was she rising? She couldn't see the hill, and her feet were most certainly not on the ground. It was like she was just floating in nowhere, and she really didn't like that feeling.Then they started moving and she bumped into Harry and then Ginny, and she felt the wind pick up around them, spinning them around dizzily like they were in some kind of wizard washing machine. She clung to the boot even though she was sure at this point she wouldn't be able to let go anyway.Her feet slammed into the ground and she stumbled as the boot seemed to throw her off. There was a moment of panic before she realised it had done that to everyone, and she straightened up, feeling a bit dazed. That was definitely not her favourite method of transport. Mr Weasley and the Diggory's were all still standing, looking far more dignified than the rest; Ron was strewn on top of Harry, looking disgruntled."Seven past five from Stoatshead Hill."

Calla stood up, staring around at her surroundings. They seemed to have landed somewhere on a misty moor, where night and fog still half-clung to the horizon. Before her stood a pair of tired and rather grumpy looking wizards, one with a large gold watch and the other with a roll of parchment and a quill. They looked like they had tried to dress as Muggles, but had done even worse than Ginny. She was simply unfashionable; they looked completely ridiculous, and Calla couldn't help but gaps between them, one with a tweed suit and knee length galoshes, and the other in a bright kilt and a poncho. She could tell Hermione was trying not to giggle, too."Morning, Basil," said Mr Weasley cheerfully. He handed the boot over to the wizard in the kilt and poncho, who threw it into a box behind him filled with loads of other assorted junk; an old newspaper, a very battered football, an empty Coke can. Calla supposed they were some of the other used Portkeys. There were loads of them."Hello there, Arthur," the wizard called Basil said wearily. "Not on duty today, eh? Alright for some... we've been here all night... you'd better get out of the way, we've got a big party just about to come in from the Black Forest at five fifteen. Hang on a minute and I'll find your campsites... Weasley... Weasley... Eleven of you?" He looked up from his parchment list curiously, glancing around them. "About a quarter of a mile's walk in that direction, Arthur, first field you come to. The manager's called Mr Roberts. Diggory, you're the same way in the second field... Ask for a Mr Payne.""Thanks, Basil," Mr Weasley said, beckoning the rest of them to follow him over to the campsite.They all set off across the deserted looking moor, and Calla looked curiously about her. She'd expected more hustle and bustle, the sort of energy that she always felt around Diagon Alley, but she could barely see through the mist anyway and it was so early in the morning. It was almost eerie, to be honest. She felt a very alarming sense of foreboding and her eyes darted to Harry just as her scar prickled. She rubbed it gently, and stuck close to the group.It took them almost twenty minutes before they came across any semblance of other people; there was a little stone cottage, behind which she could sees the faint outlines of hundreds, no, maybe even thousands of tents, rising against the misted early dawn sky and a dark wood. They bid the Diggory's goodbye as they went over to the stone cottage, Mr Weasley looking very excited at the prospect of interacting with more Muggles. Despite his job, Calla did have to wonder how often he actually spoke to Muggles.A man, dressed in a perfectly Muggle way, was staring out at the sea of tents, looking a little bit dazed. Calla frowned as they approached. She wondered how exactly they had concealed the presence of so many wizards from the Muggles here. The man turned to them when he heard their footsteps."Good morning!" Mr Weasley called cheerfully."Morning," the man said back."Would you happen to be Mr Roberts?" Mr Weasley asked.Mr Roberts nodded. "Aye, I would," he said, looking around at them all. "And who would you be?""Weasley - two tents, booked a couple of days ago.""Aye," said Mr Roberts, consulting his list which had been stuck up on the door. It was very long. "You've got a space up near the wood there. Just the one night?""That's it," said Mr Weasley."You'll be paying upfront then?" Mr Roberts asked, looking at them rather dubiously."Ah - right - certainly." Matilda mewed from Calla's arms as Mr Weasley turned back to Harry hopefully. "Just give me a moment."He wasn't very far out of earshot, but Calla was determined to chat to Mr Roberts. "Had a good Summer then?" she asked him awkwardly. "Been busy?""Oh, very," Mr Roberts said, looking out over the site. "Very busy recently, too. People started arriving about two weeks ago - some weird people, you know. Just keep turning up. Don't know what it is.""Suppose it's this time of year," she said with a shrug, feeling a bit nervous about it. "You always get weird people turning up in the Summer don't you?""Not here so much," Mr Roberts said with a frown. "Weird, like. And they all seem to know each other... Dress strange too, all of them...""Eh, maybe that is a bit weird," Calla had to admit to him. "People are just like that sometimes. Might be some sort of Scout convention, I know one of the units near me are awfully weird. Go about in costumes for their camps, no idea why.""Scouts," Mr Roberts mused. "That makes sense..."At least it'll be good for business, I suppose.""Oh, yes," Mr Roberts agreed happily. "Very good for business, it is.""There we are!" Mr Weasley said, beaming as he brandished a collection of bank notes. Harry grinned sideways at Calla."You foreign?" Mr Roberts asked him."Foreign?" Mr Weasley repeated."Only you're not the first to have trouble with money. I had someone try to pay with gold coins the size of hubcaps the other day...""Oh, Really?" Mr Weasley said nervously, handing over the money."Like I said," Calla interrupted. "Scouts. They can be a bit funny.""Suppose," Mr Roberts said, rooting around for the change. "I was telling your girl here we've had an awful lot of people showing up recently. Never this crowded, and we've had loads of pre-bookings... Most people just show up... Still, if it's Scouts... Though none of them would say and we're not exactly a hotspot...""Is that right?" Mr Weasley said tightly, giving Calla a curious look. She smiled back at him in what she hoped was an assuring manner."Yeah... We're getting them from all over I was saying. France, Russia, everywhere. And they're not your everyday tourist either. Some weirdos. Had one guy walking about in a kilt and a poncho, and I can't say I've ever seen any of our Scouts wearing that before.""Ah," Mr Weasley said nervously. ""It's weird, like. I dunno, it's like it's some kind of rally. Like a big party, and they all seem to know each other... I suppose... Scouts..."At that moment, before Calla could speak again, a wizard in plus-fours popped out of nowhere and pointed his wand at Mr Roberts. Calla's eyes widened in surprise as he said sharply, "Obliviate!"Mr Robert's eyes slid to unfocused, his eyebrows unknitted themselves out of their confusion, and a dreamy sort of look came over his face. Calla stared at it, and then at the wizard who had cast the spell. She was certain that was the spell to modify memories... No, maybe even to get rid of them. That was why poor Mr Roberts had seemed so confused."Your map of the campsite for you," said Mr Roberts in a placid way, handing over a piece of paper to Mr Weasley. "And your change.""Thanks very much," said Mr Weasley."It was nice to meet you," Calla said cheerfully to Mr Roberts, who waved them off dazedly.The wizards who'd shown up to Obliviate Mr Roberts accompanied them to the campsite gate. He did look rather exhausted, Calla thought. His chin was stubbly and grey, and he had very large, heavy-looking purple bags underneath his eyes. Once they'd hurried on out of earshot of Mr Roberts, the wizard said, "Been having an awful lot of trouble with that one, we have. Needs a memory charm ten times a day to keep him happy. And Ludo Bagman certainly doesn't help, walking about talking about Bludgers and Quaffles at the top of his lungs. Doesn't have a whit of care about anti-Muggle security. Blimey, I'll be glad when this is all over. See you later, Arthur."He Disapparated and Matilda mewed loudly, trying to get out of Calla's hold. "Not yet," she told her quietly. "Wait until we've reached our pitch." Matilda hissed loudly at her and Calla stuck her tongue out in return, receiving a light scratch. "Ow!"Matilda just held her head up and Calla stared at her, nursing the scratch. She'd entered the toddler years, she decided. That was what Muggle parents liked to call the tantrum years, and Matilda looked very much like she was having a tantrum. "I'll let you down soon," she whispered."I thought Mr Bagman was the Head of Magical Games and Sports?" said Ginny, looking surprised. "He should know better than to talk about Bludgers and Quaffles in front of Muggles, shouldn't he?""He should," Mr Weasley said, smiling. He led them through the gates into the campsite, where they were confronted with that sea of tents, all of them strange and some very distinctly... wizard-y. "But Bagman's always been rather, em, lax about security. You couldn't wish for a more enthusiastic head of the Sports Department, though. He played Quidditch for England himself, you know, back in the day. And he was the best Beater that the Wimbourne Wasps ever had."They trudged on through the mist between the rows and rows of tents. It seemed almost never-ending, and Calla kept staring around at the sights that confronted her. Some looked relatively normal, but with chimneys or weather vanes or bell-pulls, and one that had a narrow chimney shaped like a firework which did indeed, send up sparks every few seconds. But every here and then she saw things so obviously magical that she could hardly believe they hadn't let the secret out completely to Mr Roberts. It was no wonder he was suspicious when the wizards were barely trying to be normal; or possibly, didn't even know how to be. Maybe, she thought as she passed a silk tent that looked like a palatial circus, with peacocks wandering the garden, Muggle Studies should have been a core subject from the start of Hogwarts. Matilda hissed ferociously at the peacocks as they passed.Only a little further on than that, she saw a tent that may as well have been a castle; it was three stories tall with grand turrets at the corners. And after that was one with a whole garden attached, complete with a sundial and a birdbath. Calla stared at them as she passed."Always the same," Mr Weasley chuckled as they passed. "We can never resist the urge to show off whenever we all get together. Ah, here we are, look, this is us."They had reached the very edge of the campsite field, near to the dark woods. They looked a little creepy, Calla thought, in this half light. There was an empty space just before them with a sign hammered into the ground that said, 'Weezly'."Couldn't have a better spot!" Mr Weasley said cheerfully, though Calla didn't quite agree. She didn't like the look of the woods. They were dark and murky and she thought anything might come out of them from between the trees. "The pitch is just on the other side of the woods there, we're about as close as we could be."He dropped his backpack down onto the ground, grinning. "Right! No magic allowed here, strictly speaking, not when we're out in these numbers on Muggle land. So we'll be putting these tents up by hand!"He beamed at them, especially Calla, Harry and Hermione. She hoped he didn't expect them to know how to do it, though she was sure he probably did. "Shouldn't be too difficult, these Muggles do it all the time... Here, Harry, where do you reckon we should start?"Calla knew fine well that Harry had never pitched a tent before in his life. He shot her a look, and she just shrugged; it wasn't like she knew what to do either. But Hermione pitched in to try and help and she did too, and between them they managed to work out where most of the poles and pegs were meant to go. Mr Weasley tried to help but was really more of a hindrance, babbling excitedly about Muggle genuosity, and got very over excited when it came to using a mallet to hammer in the pegs and erect a pair of shabby-looking two man tents. Calla thought her, Hermione and Ginny could probably fit into one of them, as the other girls were both quite small, and she was rather slim, but there was no way all the boys and Mr Weasley were going to fit into the other one.She looked at Harry quizzically, as he and Hermione both seemed to have thought of the same problem. How were all of them going to manage to fit in, especially once Bill, Charlie and Percy arrived later on. Mr Weasley, however, dropped to his hands and knees happily and made to crawl inside. "We'll be a little bit cramped all of us," he said. "But I'm sure we'll make do if we squeeze in. Come and have a look."Harry and the others all went to follow him, so Calla did too, slipping inside. She gasped at the sight. It was... Well... It was bigger on the inside. "Tardis," she whispered between Harry and Hermione, and the two of them nodded, eyes wide."Tardis."The tent was not a normal tent. It was more like a modest, three bedroomed flat, with a complete kitchen and a bathroom. Oddly enough, it was furnished similarly to Mrs Figg's house, which Calla and Harry had visited a few times when they were younger and Remus wasn't able to babysit them, or when the Dursleys wouldn't let him. The cushions on the couch were crocheted in a variety of colours and the whole place smelled rather like cats.Matilda seemed right at home, and took Calla's loosened grip as permission to hop down and have a look around the place."Well, it's not for long," said Mr Weasley, mopping the bald patch on his head. She peered into the nearest bedroom, which had four bunk beds in it, one for each of the boys that were there already. "Old Perkins lent it to me, from the office. He used to go camping a lot but can't anymore, he's got lumbago, poor fellow."He picked up a dusty, old-looking kettle and peered inside it as though he'd expected it to be already full of boiled water. "We'll need water," he said."There's a tap marked on this map the Muggle gave us," Ron was saying. He, unlike Calla, didn't seem at all surprised by the fact that the tent was bigger on the inside. "It's on the other side of the campsite.""Well, why don't you, Harry, Calla and Hermione all go and get us some water then?"He handed over the kettle and a couple of saucepans which didn't honestly look like they'd hold a lot of water. Calla frowned at hers and Matilda looked up at it in a sort of mocking way. "The rest of us can get some wood for the fire.""But we've got an oven," Ron said. "Can't we just-""Ron, anti-Muggle security!" Mr Weasley said, his face positively shining with anticipation at the thought of trying to live like a Muggle. "When real Muggles camp, they cook on fires outdoors, I've seen them at it.""They do," Calla put in, grasping her saucepan. "Matilda."Her little kitten hissed lightly and followed them out and into the girls' tent, which was similar to the boys' but smaller with only one room for them to share, and without the cat smell. Matilda actually seemed to like it more, curling up next to an armchair. Calla glared at her. "Are you just going to stay here then?"Matilda purred in reply. She shook her head with a huff. "Fine then. Don't run out anywhere and play with any strangers." Matilda gave her a look. If cats could roll their eyes, Calla was sure that was what she would have been doing.With a sigh, she left Matilda behind in the tent and the four of them set off across the campsite with the kettle and saucepans. The makeshift tent city become more solid around the edges as the mist cleared, and it was still massive. "I never really realised how many witches and wizards there are in the world," Harry whispered to Calla, and she nodded with him, still a little stunned. Mr Weasley had said over a hundred thousand people were coming... Even the population of Magical Britain had to be larger than she'd imagined. Daphne had mentioned other wizarding schools last year, not only in the rest of the country but abroad too."This is crazy," she whispered back to her either, staring around.People were beginning to stir from their slumbers in their tents, beginning with families with children. A tiny boy, probably not much older than two, was sitting outside a bright, pyramid shaped, canary yellow tent and holding what Calla thought was a stick but seemed to be an actual a wand, which he poked at a slug with. The slug was swelling up and Calla stared at it, watching as his mother came hurrying out of the tent after him. "How many times, Kevin?" she said exasperatedly. "You - don't - touch - Daddy's - wand - yeuch!"Kevin's mother had just stepped on the massive slug. Calla winced as it splattered over the grass and the four of them hurried on, her scolding drowned out by Kevin yelling, "You bust slug! You bust slug!"A short way further on they came across two small witches, probably about the same age as Kevin, who were sitting cheerfully on small toy broomsticks, the tips of their toes just skimming the grass. Calla stared, as the girls chased each other in a circle, bobbing happily in the air. A ministry wizard rushed past them, muttering under his breath. "Parents thought they'd have a lie in I suppose... In broad daylight... Plain view of Muggles..."Well, Calla thought, it wasn't as though most people her seemed to care about Muggles anyway. They continued on, seeing adult wizards coming out of their tents and starting to cook breakfast. There were some who looked cautiously about them before conjuring fires up, and others who struck matches and held them to wood looking very dubious, as though a method that Muggles always used couldn't possibly work for them. Calla giggled at a pair of wizards who were arguing over how matches were lit, one arguing to use the side of the box and the other insisting that they were to be held up to the sun. She wondered who had actually briefed these people on Muggle behaviour."It is meant to be struck against the side of the box," she told them breezily as she passed, and could have sworn Hermione laughed at the expression of the wizards' faces."I told you, Babirin! I told you!"She grinned at a group of middle-aged American witches who were huddled outside their tent, which bore a spangled banner reading Salem Witches Institute and chattering loudly. It occurred to her how much Uncle Vernon would hate that; in addition to generally hating magic, he also didn't like Americans, because he thought they were too loud, obnoxious, and bossy, rather like himself.Calla could catch bits and pieces of conversation comin from inside tents. There was a bit of French, though she had no idea what was being said, and then what sounded like a Scandinavian language, and then something she didn't recognise at all. But even without knowing what was being said, she could hear and feel the excitement in every voice, that spread between every tent, and it put a considerable bounce in her step. "Watch you don't hit anyone with that saucepan," Hermione warned as Calla skipped ahead of them, beaming."Don't be silly," she said, grinning as she tucked the saucepan safely at her side. "See-" She stopped a moment, halting."Is it just me," Ron started, "or has everything gone green?""No," she said, pointing to a flag hanging high above a tent, "this is the Ireland supporters."Everywhere around them were shamrocks, not just on the ground but clambering up the side of tents, too. It looked rather odd, but the brightness certainly didn't diminish Calla's mood. She grinned as they went onwards."Harry!" a voice called unexpectedly, and she turned. "Ron! Hermione! Calla!"Seamus Finnigan, who Calla knew to be one of Harry and Ron's dormmates, was waving at them from his own shamrock covered tent. Beside him was a sandy haired woman who Calla assumed to be his mother, and Dean Thomas, who was also the boys' dormmate and Seamus' best friend."Like the decorations?" Seamus asked, grinning as the four of them went over to him. "The Ministry's not too happy.""Well, why shouldn't we show our colours?" asked Seamus' mother, bristling. "You should see what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over their tents.""I think the shamrocks are cool," Calla said, grinning at Seamus, who grinned back."You'll be supporting Ireland then?"Calla nodded furiously. "Yeah. Or I am at least.""We all are," Ron agreed quickly, with a grin, and they moved off. "Like we'd say anything else surrounded by that lot. You really supporting Ireland, Calla?""Of course I am," she said, affronted. "Izzy said she is, so Daphne, Padma and I are all supporting the same.""I wonder what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over their tents?" Hermione asked."Let's go see," Harry suggested, pointing just ahead where they could see the red, green and white Bulgarian flag flying above a load of tents.Unlike to Irish tents, these had not been decked out with any particular forms of plant life, but instead all had the same poster hanging from them of a very handsome, if scowling, young-looking man. "Who's that?" Calla asked, glancing at Hermione, who just raised her eyebrows."Krum," Ron said quietly.The Krum they'd been talking about last night. Calla assumed her must be like their star player."What?""Krum," said Ron. "Viktor Krum. The Bulgarian Seeker!""He looks really grumpy," said Hermione, looking around, and Calla laughed as she looked around them at the many Krums glaring and scowling down at them."Really grumpy?" Ron said, looking up at the sky. "Hermione, who cares what he looks like? He's unbelievable on the pitch, and he's really young, too. Only just eighteen or something. He's a genius, just wait until you see him tonight, you'll see."There was already a small queue forming for the tap at the end of the campsite. They joined on the end, and Calla was promptly startled by someone shrieking her name.She turned and had only enough time to see Daphne, Isobel, and Padma sprinting towards her before she was almost bowled over. Izzy's ginger hair swung in Calla's face, and Daphne grabbed her either shoulder. "We wondered when we'd see you!" Daphne said, beaming. "Hey, you three," she said quickly to Harry, Ron and Hermione, who grinned back. "When did you get here? We arrived last night, and we've been showing Isobel around everybody we knows' tents.""They're bigger on the inside," Isobel said, and Calla giggled."I know!""This is mad," she said in a whisper. "Like, seriously mad. There's so many people, I had no idea there could be that many wizards in the world!""We'll jump in with you to get water," Daphne said, darting just behind Calla. "Is that a saucepan?""It'll work," Calla said dismissively."What's going on there?" Padma whispered with a giggle, pointing to a very old man just in front of them, who was wearing a very flowery nightgown. Another wizard, probably a Ministry wizard, was holding out a pair of trousers to the nightgown man and seemed to be on the verge of tears as he pleaded with him."Just put them on, Archie," he begged, "there's a good chap. No, you can't walk around like that, the Muggle on the gate's already getting suspicious...""I bought this in a Muggle shop!" Archie said, crossing his arms stubbornly. "Muggles wear them!""Muggle women wear them," said the Ministry wizard with an exasperated sigh. "Not the men, they wear these." He brandished the pinstriped trousers in Archie's face."I'm not putting them on," said the old wizard indignantly. "I like a healthy breeze about my privates, thanks." Isobel bashed into Calla's shoulder from trying not to laugh. That made her giggle, too, of course, and her shoulders were shaking enough that she accidentally hit Daphne in the shins with the saucepan."Calla!""Sorry," she said through tears of laughter. Hermione seemed to have completely lost it as well, clutching onto Calla's arm for support. She ended up having to duck out of the queue, looking very pink, and only returned once Archie had gotten his water."I suppose that was quite funny?" Padma said uncertainly, and Isobel gave another snort of laughter, which incidentally sent both Calla and Hermione off again. They took a moment to catch their breath and collect themselves before fetching the water, Harry and Ron shaking their heads at them."I'll see you later," Calla said, still giggling as the saucepan trembled in her hands. "Enjoy the match!"They went back considerably slower, now they had the water, and Calla was very nervous about the prospect of spilling it. Every now and then they'd come across a familiar face, such as Zacharies Smith and Justin Finch-Fletchley, whom the others didn't seem to like much, but Calla chatted away to, and Oliver Wood, who had been the Gryffindor Quidditch Team Captain and dragged Harry off to meet his parents, telling the four of them all about how he'd just been signed to the reserve team for Puddlemere United. They came across Ernie MacMillan a little bit later, as he was heading back to meet with Zach and Justin, and then met Cho Chang, a Ravenclaw in the year above them. Calla chatted to her for a while, and grinned at the look on Harry's face - she knew he fancied Cho. He then spilled water down his front and Calla had to try very hard to keep herself from laughing, as they hurried away and Calla pointed out a large huddle of teenagers who she didn't recognise."I don't suppose they go to Hogwarts?" Harry asked, pointing at them."Nah," Ron said. "S'pect they go to some foreign school. Bill used to have a pen pal at a school in Brazil, they got along really well until he said he couldn't go on the exchange trip, and his pen pal got all upset about it and he sent him a cursed hat. It made his ears get all shrivelled up."Harry was still looking rather amazed by this information and Calla grinned. She was still getting her head around the sheer scale of the Wizarding World, how it managed to be hidden away despite being so expansive. She wondered if any Muggles did know, if any of the government did. Uncle Vernon would hate that, she was sure. Wizards in government, what next?She giggled as they continued on, finally arriving at the Weasleys' tents. "You took your time," George said to them."Met a few people," Ron said, setting the kettle down on the ground. Calla followed suit, and ducked into the girls' tent to call Matilda out."Dad's having fun with the matches," Fred said, as Matilda scampered out the tent and jumped up to sit on his knees. He stared at her, and Calla grinned, trying not to laugh.She glanced over to Mr Weasley then, who was clearly not having a whole lot of success at lighting the fire without magic. There was a whole collection of splintered matches in the grass around him, but the fire wasn't lit at all. He didn't seem to care about though; in fact he seemed to be finding it an immensely enjoyable experience."Oops!" he said, finally lighting a match and then promptly dropping it in his excitement. Matilda let out a mew of disapproval and hopped off of Fred to stand at Calla's feet, staring up at her."I'll get that for you, Mr Weasley," Hermione offered kindly, as Calla sat down next to Matilda, who crept onto her stomach and then wouldn't let her up. Calla sighed, but resigned herself to her fate as a cat-stand.It took a long while for Mr Weasley and Hermione to get the fire going, but Calla didn't mind. The boys kept her entertained with their chatter, and she enjoyed watching all the Ministry wizards rushing about near their tent, which seemed to be near some sort of thoroughfare. Mr Weasley commentated for Calla, Harry and Hermione, letting them know who everyone was and what they did. The other Weasleys didn't seem to care much, already knowing most of this, and Ginny, Fred and George ended up in a fascinating game of Exploding Snap, which Calla watched in between sketching one of the tents nearest them, which was canary yellow and lime green and had a large tree sticking out the middle of it where there should have been a pole holding the thing up.They'd managed to get the fire hot enough to start cooking sausages and eggs on it when Percy, Bill and Charlie Weasley strolled out of the forest, all of them smiling. "Just Apparated, Dad," said Percy loudly, and Calla caught Fred rolling his eyes, catching her gaze with a wink. "Ah, excellent, lunch!"Calla managed to pry a very annoyed Matilda off of her so she could take her plate from Mr Weasley, who seemed immensely proud of the work he'd done cooking 'the Muggle way'. They were halfway through eating their sausages and eggs when Mr Weasley sat up straighter, waving and grinning at a man who was striding through the tents towards them."Ah, Ludo!" he called with a grin. "The man of the moment!"Ludo Bagman had definitely not made any attempt to look like a Muggle; he was the most noticeable person Calla had seen so far, including old Archie in his flowery nightgown. He was wearing what Calla thought looked like old Quidditch robes, in bright yellow and black. At first she thought it was meant to be Hufflepuff colours, except with the wrong shade of yellow, before she saw the massive emblem of a wasp that was splashed across the front of her robes. His nose also looked like it had been broken multiple times, and Calla frowned at it. It didn't look very comfortable, but then again she'd never had her nose broken and she supposed one would get used to it. She got used to her scars; well, mostly used to them, anyway."Ahoy there!" Bagman called happily, striding over to them. Striding perhaps wasn't a strong enough word; he was pretty much bouncing, like he had springs attached to the soles of his feet, and he was beaming with his whole face, looking altogether like he'd never been more excited in his life. His excitement was rather infectious, too. Calla found herself grinning."Arthur, old man," Bagman puffed as he reached their campfire. "Good to see you, good to see you. What a day, eh? What a day. Could we have asked for more perfect conditions for it? There's a cloudless night coming... and not a hiccough in the arrangements... why, there's nothing really for me to do!"Just behind him, a group of Ministry wizards rushed past, pointing to somewhere in the furnace where violet sparks were being sent up from a fire twenty feet in the air. Percy hurried forward to Bagman, hand outstretched eagerly. Apparently his disapproval of Bagman which he'd voiced the day before didn't stop him from trying to suck up to him, Calla noted. Matilda looked like she was trying to roll her eyes again."Ah - yes," said Mr Weasley with a grin. "That's my son, Percy, he's just started at the Ministry. And this is Fred - no, George, sorry - that's Fred, Bill, Charlie, Ron, there's my daughter, Ginny, and then Ron's friends, Hermione Granger and Harry and Calla Potter."Bagman did a bit of a double take then when he heard their names, and his eyes did that familiar flick between their foreheads. Calla shifted uncomfortable and Matilda took the moment to try and push her down so that she could stand on her stomach again, meaning Calla had to snatch her plate out of her way. She waved at Bagman awkwardly around her cat."Everyone," Mr Weasley continued, "this is Ludo Bagman. You know who he is, it's thanks to him that we've gotten such good tickets."Bagman smiled and waved his hand as though it had all been nothing. "Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur?" Bagman asked eagerly, jingling what appeared to be an enormous amount of gold in his pocket. "I've already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will score first - I've given him nice odds on that, considering Ireland's front three are the strongest I've seen in years - and old Agatha Times has put up half shares on her eel farm for a week long match.""Oh, go on, then," Mr Weasley said. "Just this once. Let's see... A galleon on Ireland to win?""A galleon?" Bagman looked rather disappointed, but recovered cheerfully. "Very well. Any other takers?"Calla was very confident that Ireland were going to win, but she also remembered Ron saying that there would be a souvenirs stall and she wanted to keep her money for that. But when Fred and George stepped forward, she whispered, "Ireland'll win," and they grinned at her."There we go then," George said. "An endorsement. Let's see, we've got thirty seven galleons, fifteen sickles and three knuts. For Ireland to win," he nodded to Calla, "and Krum to get the Snitch.""Now, boys, you're a little young-""Oh, and we'll throw in a fake wand," Fred added with a grin. Calla really hoped she was right and Ireland won - and now, that Krum got the Snitch, too."You don't want to go showing Mr Bagman rubbish like that," Percy hissed at the twins, but Bagman was looking rather intrigued by the idea of Fred and George's fake wands. More than that even, his face shone with boyish enthusiasm as he took the wand from Fred, and beamed as it gave a loud squawk and turned abruptly into a rubber chicken. He let out a howl of laughter and Calla grinned."Excellent! I haven't seen one as convincing as that for years! I'd pay you five galleons for that!"Percy's mouth had fallen open, stunned, and Calla was grinning at the twins. They might not work hard in school, but she was beginning to see that they were bloody geniuses when they put their minds to something."Boys," Mr Weasley said quietly. "I don't want you betting - that's all your savings... Your mother...""Don't be a spoilsport, Arthur!" Ludo Bagman boomed, jingling the gold in his pocket. "They're old enough to know what they want! You reckon Ireland'll win but Krum'll catch the Snitch? Not a chance, boys, not a chance... I'll give you excellent odds for that one... And we'll throw in five galleons for the funny wand, shall we..."Mr Weasley looked on helplessly as Bagman whipped out a notebook and jotted the bet details down, noting the twins' names."Cheers," said George, taking the slip of parchment Bagman had given him and putting it away carefullyBagman turned cheerfully back to Mr Weasley. "You couldn't do me a brew, could you Arthur? I'm waiting on Barty Crouch...""What do you think?" Harry whispered. "Ireland to win but Krum to catch the Snitch?""It's foggy," she replied quietly. "But I've got a good feeling. You, however," she said sternly, "aren't betting.""What? But I could-""Don't you want to save your money for souvenirs?" she pointed out, and Harry shut his mouth."Alright, yeah, I guess.""Mr Crouch?" Percy said excitedly, looking like he was about to start jumping and down with excitement at the mention of his boss. "Oh, he speaks well over two hundred languages! Mermish and gobbeldegook and troll!""Anyone can speak troll," Fred muttered. "It's just a load of pointing and grunting, isn't it?"Percy looked at Fred nastily, the tops of his ears going a little pink, and he stoked the fire a bit more aggressively than was necessary."Any news of Bertha Jorkins yet, Ludo?" Mr Weasley asked as Bagman settled himself down on the grass."Not a dicky bird," he said, quite comfortably. Calla frowned at him; she'd been missing over a month now, after all. "But she'll turn up. Poor old Bertha, memory like a leaky cauldron and no sense of direction. Lost, you take my word for it. She'll wander back into the office sometime in October thinking it's still July.""You don't think it might be time to send someone to look for her?" Mr Weasley asked tentatively as Percy handed Bagman his tea."Barty Crouch keeps saying that," Bagman said, eyes widening in innocence, which Calla also thought a bit fishy. "But we really can't spare anyone at the moment. Ah, speak of the Devil! Barty!"A wizard had just apparated by the fire who couldn't have looked more different to Ludo Bagman if he tried. He looked rather stiff and upright, an elderly man in a crisp grey suit and tie. His hair was parted perfectly, almost too straightly, and even his teeth seemed perfectly straight, his shoes polished to a high shine. He looked exactly like the sort of boring person Percy would idolise; he even, she thought hesitantly, looked like someone Uncle Vernon wouldn't hate talking to. That was how dull he looked. Either he'd taken the rule about Muggle dressing very seriously - though Calla wanted to point out no one would wear a suit like that on a camping trip - or he really was an incredibly dull person. Maybe both."Pull up a bit of grass, Barty," said Bagman brightly, and he patted the patch of grass beside him."No," said Mr Crouch crisply, with a touch of impatience. "Thank you, Ludo. I've been looking for you everywhere. The Bulgarians are insisting we add another twelve seats to the top box.""Oh, is that what they're after?" Bagman said, eyes widening in realisation. "I thought the chap was asking for a pair of tweezers. Bit of a strong accent.""Mr Crouch!" Percy said breathlessly. Calla looked at him, torn between amusement and concern, as he sunk into a low sort of half bow. "Would you like a cup of tea?""Oh, yes, thank you, Weatherby," said Mr Crouch distractedly. Fred spluttered, trying to hold in a laugh.Percy's ears went all pink again as he fussed with the kettle, and Matilda decided to move and curl up by Calla's side so she could better watch what was going on."Oh, and I've been wanting a word with you too, Arthur," said Mr Crouch crisply. "Ali Bashir's on the warpath again, he wants a word with you about your embargo on flying carpets."Mr Weasley sighed. "I sent him an owl about this just last week. If I've told him once I've told him a thousand times. Carpets are defined as a Muggle Artefact by the Registry of Proscribed Charmable Objects, but does he listen?" Calla thought that was a bit odd, because she was sure wizards had to have carpets too."I doubt it," Mr Crouch said, taking his tea from Percy. "He's desperate to export here.""Well, they'll never replace brooms in Britain, will they?" Bagman said contentedly."Ali thinks there's a niche in the market for a family vehicle," Mr Crouch said, and Calla thought immediately not of flying carpets but of Mr Weasley's flying car - though she of course didn't mention this. "I remember my grandfather had an Axminster that could seat twelve - but that was before they were banned, of course."The way he spoke was as if he wanted to leave no room for anyone to think any member of his family might have ever done anything less than legal. "So, been keeping busy, Barty?" Bagman breezed."Fairly," said Mr Crouch drily. "Organising Portkey across five continents is no mean feat, Ludo.""I'll expect you'll both be glad when this is over with," said Mr Weasley mildly.Ludo Bagman looked utterly shocked by this suggestion. "Glad! Why, I don't know when I've ever had more fun, Arthur! Still, it's not as though we don't have anything to look forward to, eh, Barty? Eh? Plenty to organise, eh?"Crouch raised his eyebrows at Bagman in a cautioning sort of way. "We have agreed not to make the announcement until we have all the details...""They're at Hogwarts!" Bagman said. "They'll find out soon enough anyway! And they've signed, haven't they? They've agreed?"Calla was leaking forward very curiously, waiting for Bagman to let this secret slip, but Crouch caught her and pursed his lips. "We do need to speak to those Bulgarians," he told him. "Thank you for the tea, Weatherby."He pushed his still full cup of tea back towards a flushing Percy, and gestured for Bagman to stand up. Bagman struggled to his feet, but beamed around at them all as he took a last swig of the rest of his tea, jangling the money in his pocket."See you all later!" he called cheerfully. "You'll be in the Top Box with me - I'm commentating!" He waved, Barty Crouch nodded sharply, and then they both turned around and Disapparated."What's happening at Hogwarts, Dad?" Fred asked at once. "What are they talking about?""Does it have anything to do with dragons?" Calla asked innocently, and Charlie stared at her like he wasn't sure if she was joking. She laughed in response even though she wasn't. "I'm kidding," she lied."You'll all find out soon enough," Mr Weasley said with a smile."It's classified information until such time as the Ministry chooses to disclose it," said Percy loftily. "Mr Crouch was quite right not to tell you anything.""Stick it, Weatherby," Fred retorted, and Percy went very pink again.The afternoon wore on as the atmosphere of excitement rose all around them. It seemed every Wizarding family in Britain and Ireland must have shown up; at one point Calla saw Theodore Nott and Blaise Zabini go by, and then Marietta Edgecombe of the year above, and Luna Lovegood seemed to dance past them at one point, waving dreamily at Calla and Ginny before she skipped on, saying something about an Erumpent. By the time the sun was setting, Calla was sure she could feel the excitement in the air. It was like the world and nature itself was excited for the match, and even Matilda looked excited as she scampered around their patch of the campsite - though that might have had more to do with the young Canadian witches in the tent two down from them who kept petting her and teasing her with yarn and little red dots cast from their wands.The Ministry seemed to have given up on stopping the blatant displays of magic all around them; someone set off scarlet fireworks a few tents from them, and now salesmen were beginning to pop up everywhere, advertising their souvenirs. "Been saving my money all year for this," Ron said excitedly as the four of them set off amongst the throng of peopleSome advertised luminous rosettes - bright green for Ireland and scarlet for Bulgaria - which lit up and squealed the names of their team's players, pointed green hats covered in shamrocks, Bulgarian scarves with lions that roared at passers-by, flags from both countries which played their national anthems when they were waved, and models of Firebolts and various players, which really flew and ran, and one of the Irish players' models swore at Calla when she stared at it.Calla got herself one of the bright Irish rosettes - "Troy! Mullet! Moran!" it squealed - and a massive shamrock hat which half fell over her eyes, so she had to keep pushing it up. She got a model of one of the Irish players too, Mullet, the one whose model had sworn at her, because she thought it was funny and it would annoy Lisa Turpin if she brought it back to Hogwarts. They had leprechaun models too, which she liked, but they were just a bit too annoying for her, and Harry distracted their attentions anyway, pulling Calla over to a tray that had been stacked with weird brass binoculars, covered in a whole load of strange knobs and dials."Omnioculars," said the sales wizard carrying it proudly. "You can speed up action... slow it down... replay the action... and it can flash up a play-by-play breakdown if you want it. Bargain. Ten galleons a pop.""Wish I hadn't bought these now," Ron said gloomily, gesturing to his shamrock hat and rosette."We'll take four pairs," Harry said immediately."No, don't bother," Ron said, the tips of his ears going red. Calla knew he didn't like it when Harry bought him things he couldn't afford; but her brother also wouldn't let his best friend miss out."You won't be getting anything for Christmas," Harry said, thrusting Omnioculars into his and Hermione's hands, and then handing another pair to Calla, who gave him a look. But he wouldn't give it up, and she took them with a fond roll of the eyes. "For about ten years, mind.""Fair enough," said Ron, grinning."I'll get the programmes," Calla said quickly, fishing around for the money in her bag. The programmes flashed between bright green and red, and the players on the front swooped around the edges on their brooms. She distributed the programmes, and then spotted miniature shamrock hats which were intended for children but which she thought would be cute on Matilda, if she wanted to wear it."Maybe I should get one for Crookshanks," Hermione said excitedly."He didn't seem to like the Christmas tinsel so much," Calla reminded her with a grin. "Maybe not."Hermione pouted. "Maybe not."Still, they all went away with their money bags considerably lighter. Calla went about settling the small shamrock hat on Matilda's head. She seemed to like it, and paraded in front of everyone, wearing the hat proudly. Bill, Charlie and Ginny were all proudly wearing green Irish rosettes, too, and Mr Weasley was brandishing an Irish flag proudly.And then a deep, booming gong rang through the campsite from beyond the woods, and at once it sprung to life, green and red both rising from the tents. "It's time!" Mr Weasley said, looking around at them excitedly. Everyone was beaming back at him, and Calla felt like skipping the whole way to the match. "Come on, let's go! Calla, I'm not sure Matilda will like the noise of the match."He had a point. Calla looked at Matilda, who licked her hand before padding into the tent. "Stay here," she told her gently.Matilda didn't look like she needed to be told twice. She curled up on the sofa and bobbed her head in Calla's direction. Calla ducked out, shutting the tent flaps securely so that she wouldn't run out, and then she turned to the others, giddy with excitement. "Come on," she said, beaming. "To the match!"

Carrying their purchases, they all set off through the woods in a sea of people, chatting and laughing. Calla, Hermione and Ginny were holding hands and skipping, singing at the top of their voices. It was probably about twenty minutes before they came out on the other side of the woods, and Ginny stopped, pulling the other two back as they gaped at the stadium rising up before them."Woah," was all Calla could say."Seats a hundred thousand," Mr Weasley said, catching up to them. "Ministry task force of five hundred have been working on it all year." The sheer scale, not only of the stadium but of the work put into it, astounded Calla. "There are Muggle Repelling Charms on every inch of it. Every time Muggles have come anywhere near here all year, they've been turned away and suddenly remembered an urgent appointment." He laughed fondly. "Bless them."He led them the way towards the nearest stadium entrance, where hundreds of witches and wizards were already shouting and talking and laughing, exchanging pleasantries and bets in a swarm of green and red. "Prime seats!" said the Ministry witch at the entrance as they handed her their tickets. "Top Box! Straight upstairs and as high as you can go!"The stairs into the stadium were covered in a rich purple carpeting - proving Calla's mental point that wizards did have carpets, too. They clambered upwards on the stairs with the rest of the crowd, which thinned slowly as they made their way up higher and higher. At long last, when Calla was sure her legs were half numb, they came out at the Top Box, set at the top of the stadium and halfway between the two ends of goalposts. There was a collection of people already inside there, sitting or chatting over purple and gilt chairs, and Calla stared around her as they made their way into the front row of seats.She regretted it a bit as she looked down, seeng the swoop of the pitch so far below. A hundred thousand witches and wizards were crowded into the rest of the stadium, on seats which rose in levels all around the pitch. And the whole stadium seemed to hold a strange, warm golden light which diffused all around them, from every part of it. There were three golden goldposts at either end of the pitch, and directly across from them was a giant blackboard, which Calla assumed was for the scores later on, though now there was golden writing flashing across it, advertising a Bluebottle Broom 'for all the family'.She imagined what the score might be, trying to project her imagination into the board, which didn't work, unsurprisingly. It could be a bit like Seeing, she supposed. If she wanted to see the scores, she could try and imagine the board clearing and then the images fitting back together as she did when she looked into crystal balls or teacups. Then again, she didn't want to spoil the match for herself; there were some things she preferred to be unknown. Some things that could be.Harry grabbed her arm suddenly and she twisted, staring at him as he opened his mouth. "Dobby?""What?" Calla turned around to see a small creature with large, bat-like ears... But it wasn't Dobby.The elf looked up at them through narrow, spindly sort of fingers. "Did sir just call me Dobby, sir?"Both Ron and Hermione turned around now, having presumably heard a lot about Dobby from Harry. Even Mr Weasley turned around to look at the elf curiously. "Sorry," Harry said quickly. "I just thought you were someone I knew.""But I is knowing Dobby too, sir," the house elf said. It had a higher pitched voice than Dobby, but seemed to be shaking a little, refusing to look down. Calla couldn't blame them. "My name is Winky, sir. And you-"Their eyes widened from behind their fingers, just for a moment, and the house elf sucked in a breath. Calla knew what was coming of course. She didn't need to be a Seer to work it out. "You must bes Harry Potter!" the house elf said, attracting a couple of stares. Her eyes flickered to his scar, and then to Calla's own forehead, where they lingered. "And his sister, Calla Potter!""Er, yes," said Harry. "That's me. Us.""But Dobby talks of yous all the time!" Winky said. She lowered her hands only slightly to stare between them both, looking rather awestruck. Calla shifted awkwardly, eyes drawn to the empty space beside Winky. Who had sent their house elf up here alone, presumably to save them a seat? Anyone in the Top Box would surely already know they had a good seat, and someone rich and influential enough to have a house elf would be able to have a good seat besides."How is Dobby?" Harry asked, as Calla turned back to him. "How's freedom suiting him?""Ah, sir," Winky said, shaking her head. "Ah, sir, meaning no disrespect sir, but Winky is not sure freedom was what was best for Dobby, sir. Winky is not sure you is doing Dobby a favour when you is setting him free.""Why?" Calla asked in surprise."Is he alright?" Harry asked."Freedom is going to Dobby's head, sir, miss," Winky said. "Ideas above his station, he has, sir. Can't get another position anywhere, miss.""Why not?" Harry asked, seeming rather incredulous.Winky lowered her voice and leaned forward every so slightly to whisper, "Dobby is wanting paying for his work now, sir?""Well why shouldn't he?" Calla asked.Winky looked absolutely horrified at the idea. She closed her fingers tightly over her eyes again, so that Calla could barely see any of her face. "House elves is not paid, miss!" she said in a muffled yet somehow still shrill voice. "No, no, no. I says to Dobby, I says, go find yourself a nice family somewheres Dobby and settle down and be a good house elf. He is getting up to all sorts of high jinks now, sir and miss, what is unbecoming to a house elf. I says to Dobby, Dobby, yous goes racketing about this and before yous knows it, you'll be up before the Department for the Regulation of Magical Creatures! Like some common goblin!"Calla had been about to ask why he could get in trouble for wanting to be paid for his work, but Winky looked awfully upset and she was worried that might set her off. "Well," Harry said before she could speak anyway, "it's about time he had a bit of fun.""House elves is not supposed to have fun, Harry Potter!" Winky cried, burying her face in her hands. "House elves does as they is told! I is not liking heights at all, Harry Potter, no I is not, but my - my master asks me to come to the Top Box sir, and I does it!""Why'd he send you all the way to the Top Box if you don't like heights?""Master - master wants Winky to saves him a seat, Harry Potter!" She glanced at the empty seat beside her nervously, and Calla followed her gaze. "Winky is wishing she was back in master's tent, Harry Potter," she said as Calla's gaze snapped back to her, "but Winky is doings as Winky is tolds! Winky is a good house elf!"She looked again at the edge of the box and hid her hands tightly, clearly frightened. She was still shaking a little. Calla wanted to comfort her, but thought that might just make the poor elf more upset. "I'm sure your master will be here soon, Winky," she said as gently as she could, but Winky didn't say anything in return. Calla's eyes drifted again over that empty seat, before she shook her head and turned around with the others."So that's a house elf, then," Ron said as they turned back to the pitch. "Weird things, aren't they?""Dobby was weirder," Harry said fervently."Don't be rude," Calla chided, and he rolled his eyes."He was, though."With a sigh, she took out her Omnioculars from her bag, dropping her copy of 'I Capture the Castle' onto the floor. "You brought a book?" Harry asked her, looking incredulous."Mrs Weasley said it went on for five days last time," she said, flushing as she shoved the book back into her bag. "It could go on longer.I'll need something to occupy my time!""Quidditch!" Harry said. "Quidditch will occupy your time!""Not for five days it won't," she replied. "I promise I won't take it out within twenty four hours. And besides, Hermione brought one too.""You did not!" Ron said, turning on her. She went quite pink. "I bet you suggested it, too.""I did not!" Hermione insisted. "And don't look at me like that, I bet you'd get bored after a day, too. Calla and I are just thinking ahead.""No chance," he muttered, bringing his own Omnioculars up to his eyes. "This is wild!" Ron declared. "I can make that bloke on the other side of the pitch pick his nose again - and again - and again.""That's disgusting," Calla informed him, pulling out her own Omnioculars. There obviously wasn't very much happening yet, but she fiddled with the various buttons and knobs and dials until she thought she'd gotten a grip on what everything was and what it did, before setting them down and watching as more and more people filled the Top Box. There was a group of Bulgarian wizards talking to a flustered looking Bagman, whose Bulgarian skills clearly hadn't improved. She tried not to giggle, but it died down anyway as she saw another group enter.Lucius Malfoy, followed by Draco and then Narcissa Malfoy, who Calla remembered from the trial. She'd supported Sirius, as his cousin and representative of the Black family seat, but currently she didn't look like someone Calla wanted to be happy with at all; she was looking down her nose at everyone, haughtily, as she drifted into the box."Ah, Fudge," said Lucius Malfoy, simpering over to the Minister for Magic. She saw Draco's eyes drifting around the box, landing on them, and she rolled her eyes in response. While Harry hated Draco Malfoy and always had, Daphne had assured Calla that he did, apparently, have a few rare moments of not being the absolute worst person ever. Though she had yet to see the evidence of that. Harry didn't care about that, though, which was fair enough. It wasn't like Draco was a particularly nice person outside of his friendship with Daphne."How do you do, how do you do?" Fudge was saying enthusiastically, wringing the Malfoys' hands. "Do allow me to introduce you to the Bulgarian Minister..."Calla's attention drifted again. The giant blackboard was now advertising a new potion for cleaning Floo fireplaces to avoid disruption and misplacement, which she thought could be rather a good idea. "You know Arthur Weasley, I daresay?"Calla tensed. Introducing the Malfoys and Weasleys was very unlikely to end well. Malfoy's cold grey eyes roamed over Mr Weasley, who looked particularly unhappy at his presence. "Good Lord," Mr Malfoy said quietly. "What on earth did you have to do to get tickets for the Top Box, Weasley? Surely your house wouldn't fetch this much?"Fudge clearly wasn't listening as he went on breezily, "Lucius has just given a rather generous donation to St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Arthur. He's here as my personal guest."Of course he was. Calla tried not to pout as she looked at Draco Malfoy, who seemed to be very pleased with himself. She narrowed her eyes at him, pulling a face when Fudge couldn't see her. Draco shot her and Harry, Ron and Hermione a contemptuous look, before proceeding to join his mother and father by Fudge."Slimy gits," Ron muttered, and Calla nodded her agreement as Ludo Bagman charged into the Top Box, beaming."Everyone ready?" he asked, beaming around at them all."Ready when you are, Ludo," said Fudge cheerfully.Bagman took out his wand and pointed it at his throat, saying, "Sonorus!" Calla wasn't sure quite what he'd done until he spoke over the roar of the crowd. "Ladies and gentlemen... Welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty second Quidditch World Cup!"The crowd roared their excitement, screaming and clapping. Calla joined in with a grin. The national flags were being waved too, and the national anthems were all out of sync with one another but it was still wonderful. The giant blackboard wiped off its advertisement to show the score: BULGARIA - ZERO, IRELAND - ZERO."And now, without further ado, allow me to welcome... The Bulgarian team mascots!"He swept his arm and there was a rush of roaring from the crowd. Calla leaned over, trying to catch a glimpse as what seemed like a hundred people danced out of the stadium onto the pitch. They were women; very beautiful women. But they weren't ordinary women; their skin shone bright like the moon, and golden blonde hair canned out behind them without any wind. They were unnaturally beautiful, and she frowned, trying to puzzle it out. "Veela," Mr Weasley said, slightly breathlessly."Veela," Calla repeated. Even the word was beautiful. They'd started dancing, bodies all moving so perfectly with one another, and she was certain that this was the most beautiful thing that she'd ever seen. They danced faster and faster in something of a frenzy and Calla couldn't tear her eyes away, wasn't sure she could even if she wanted to, wasn't sure she did want to.Her brother moved beside her and she didn't realise at first, but caught him just in time as he held himself up, trying to stand on the edge. "Harry!" she said, grabbing him and pulling him back down roughly. "What are you doing?""The - the Veela..." He said feebly as the music stopped and the crowd roared their disapproval as the Veela stopped their dancing.She glanced back down at the pitch. The Veela seemed to shine with an ethereal beauty... She sighed in amazement, the breath caught in her throat. She felt awfully sad now they'd stopped, and she could see the disheartenment on Harry and Ron's faces too. Hermione looked like she couldn't care less."Honestly!" she said, tugging Ron and then Harry back into their seats. Calla instead leant over further. If that was what Bulgaria brought as mascots, she couldn't wait to see Ireland's."And now," Bagman was roaring, "please put your wands in the air... For the Irish National Team Mascots!"A giant green comet soared into the stadium, blazing with light, and Calla rushed backwards towards her seat as it did a full lap of the stadium, before splitting in two and rushing towards either set of goalposts at the end of the pitch. She watched, transfixed, as a rainbow suddenly raced between either end, bright and glistening as though with a thousand different jewels. The rainbow faded as the two balls of light united, fizzling into a gleaming green shamrock which hung over the sky.Something started to pour from it, like golden rain or sunbeams. Calla stared, leaning forward. "It's gold!" Ron cried, as the shamrock soared over them and coins landed on the floor and seats. He and Harry jumped up and down trying to catch them."Leprechauns!" Mr Weasley shouted, pointing up at the shamrock. If she squinted, she found she could make out tiny little red bearded men, all decked in green, and she burst into a grin at the sight.The shamrock dissolved a moment later and the leprechauns leapt over to the other side of the pitch, opposite the Veela, sitting cross legged and eager to watch the match."And now!" Bagman was speaking once more. "Give it up for the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! I give you... Dimitrov!"Something red streaked onto the pitch, flying at a top speed. Calla leaned forward excitedly. "Ivanova! Zograf! Levski! Vulchanov! Volkov! Aaaand - Krum!"This was the one she'd seen on the posters, Calla realised. He flew well, she knew enough about Quidditch to know that; but to be fair, they all flew well. She held her Omnioculars up to follow his figure around the pitch, seeing him grin a little before returning to a hardened, surly expression."And now, please greet, the Irish National Quidditch Team! Presenting: Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaand - Lynch!"The crowd went wild and Calla made her Omnioculars track each of the Irish players as they streaked onto the pitch. There was Mullet, grinning as she lapped up the crowd's enthusiasm, cheering along with them for her team. "And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!"A small, skinny, bald wizard jogged out onto the pitch in bright gold robes, with a whistle swinging in his chest and a large wooden crate under his arm which Calla was sure was to hold the Quidditch balls. Calla made sure her Omnioculars were at a normal speed, as she watched Mostafa mount his broom, and release the four balls into the air. He blew the whistle sharply and then soared into the air after the balls, as the match began."Theeey're off!" Bagman screamed. "And It's Mullet! Troy! Moran! Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! Levski! Moran!"Even with Omnioculars Calla could barely keep up as the Quaffle was passed so quickly between the players. Words like 'Hawkshead Attacking Formation' and 'Porskoff Ploy' popped up in her vision as the players made different plays and passed. "TROY SCORES!" Bagman yelled, as the blackboard score changed to show ten-zero to Ireland. Her rosette squealed louder.Calla might not have been a Quidditch player herself, but she knew a good set of Chasers when she saw them. And Troy, Mullet, and Moran? They were amazing. They worked seamlessly together as a true team, and within about ten minutes they had scored twice more, leading Bulgaria by thirty points to zero. "Come on, Ireland!" Calla yelled along with Fred.The match only continued to pick up the pace and Calla wondered why she'd ever thought bringing a book would be necessary. The Bulgarian Beaters swung the Bludgers ferociously at the Irish Chasers, who dodged and blocked and dived, weaving through the sky. But she realised quickly that was the point; when they were scattered, they couldn't use their best moves, it seemed, and eventually the Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova managed to break their ranks and dodge Ryan, the Keeper, to score a goal for Bulgaria."Fingers in your ears!" Mr Weasley shouted and Calla didn't have to be asked twice. Not just for the Veela, but for the roar that went up from the scarlet side. She was glad it was at least partially drowned out."Dimitrov!" Bagman yelled just as Calla took her fingers out of her ears. "Levski! Dimitrov! Ivanova! Oh, I say!"Calla scrambled for her Omnioculars to look - there on the pitch, Krum and Lynch were both plummeting between the huddle of Chasers, clearly diving for the Snitch. Her heart was in her mouth; Krum was going faster, if the Snitch was there then he would get it-He pulled up sharply out of the dive and left Lynch to crash into the ground. "What?" she yelled, as the words Wronski Feint flashed across the Omnioculars screen."It's time out!" Bagman's voice yelled, as people darted onto the pitch. "As trained Mediwizards attend to injured Irish Seeker, Lynch!""It's okay, he just got ploughed!" Charlie was assuring Ginny, who looked very worried for Lynch as she hung over the side of the box. "Which is what Krum was after, of course...""Don't you do that," Calla told Harry sharply, watching him turn the dials rapturously to rewatch the move.He looked at her sheepishly and she knew that was exactly what he was dreaming of doing. She shook her head, turning her attentions back to Lynch on the pitch, who was being given cups of some potion by the Mediwizards. Krum, on the other hand, was taking the opportunity to circle the pitch, with his eyes peeled for the Snitch. Clever, she thought.There was a cheer and Calla turned her gaze back to Lynch, who was getting up, much to the crowd's delight. He mounted his broom and kicked off sharply, seeming to give Ireland a renewed hope; when Mostafa blew his whistle again, they all sprang into action as one, and went on to score another ten quick goals, quite astoundingly."They're amazing!" Calla cried, jumping up and down with excitement. "Come on, Ireland!"Her eyes were fixed on Mullet, the Chaser. She was amazing, flying quickly but sharply too, darting across the pitch. She had the Quaffle under her arm as she shot towards the goalposts, a determined sort of grin on her face, and then Calla jumped as something else startled into the picture, an elbow shoving her roughly away. The Irish crowd roared in anger and Mostafa's whistle blew shrilly as he flew out to meet them."And Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task for combing - that's an excessive use of elbows! And yes, that's a penalty for Ireland! Penalty for Ireland!"The leprechauns' looked of fury turned to that of glee as they moved to spell out the letters 'HA HA HA' and Calla giggled at them, grinning. Her eyes returned to Mullet again, but then turned quickly to the Veela as they started up their song furiously."Look at the referee!" Hermione giggled, pulling on Calla's arm and pointing.Hassan Mostafa had just dismounted his broom and was... Flexing his muscles, as though to impress the Veela. Calla giggled shrilly. "What's he doing?" she laughed to Hermione, staring down."Now we can't have that!" Bagman's voice called, laughing. "Somebody slap the referee!"A Mediwizard came tearing across the pitch, his own fingers stuffed tightly in his ears and promptly kicked Mostafa, hard, in the shins. Calla laughed shrilly again, as Mostafa started shouting at the Veela, appearing to be highly embarrassed by his behaviour, which was hardly surprising. It was embarrassing, after all."And unless I'm much mistaken," Bagman was continuing on in an excited voice, "Mostafa is actually attempting to send off the Bulgarian Team Mascots! Now, there's something we haven't seen before! My, this could turn nasty!"It seemed like it, Calla thought. The two Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov, had come down from the sky to argue with and yell at the referee, quite ferociously. They gestured wildly towards the leprechauns, who seemed to be enjoying themselves immensely as they now moved to form the letters 'HEE HEE HEE'. Mostafa looked furious, jabbing his finger sharply into the air to tell the two Beaters to get flying again; when they refused, he blew his whistle sharply twice."Two penalties for Ireland!" Bagman shouted. The Bulgarian crowd howled their anger. "And Volkov and Vulchanov had better get back on their brooms... yes, there they go... and Troy takes the Quaffle."The game continued brutally, and the Beaters in particular seemed without any mercy. Volkov and Vulchanov swung their Beaters' bats furiously, not seeming to care if they hit Bludgers or players; Mullet had to duck in order to avoid them. Dimitrov at one point flew straight at Moran, seemingly in an attempt to make her drop the Quaffle, and nearly knocked her off her broom. "Foul!" came the cry from the rising sea of green, as the Irish supporters protested furiously."Foul!" Bagman echoed loudly. "Dimitrov skins Moran - deliberately flying to collide there, got to be a foul - and yes, there's the whistle!"The leprechauns took to the air again, appearing quite delighted, and formed a giant hand in the air which sent a very rude 'V' across the pitch towards the Veela, who seemed to be losing control entirely. They seemed to be trying to throw fireballs at the leprechauns, running across the pitch, and Calla thought they didn't look so beautiful now, but rather terrifying. And their faces changed, elongating into bird beaks, and sharp wings sprouted from their backs."And that, boys," Mr Weasley yelled over the roar of the crowd, "is why you should never go for looks alone!"Ministry wizards were flooding the pitch to try and get some control back between the Veela and the leprechauns. Calla watched on with bated breath through her Omnioculars as the Quaffle went quickly between hands, at a rapid speed so that she could hardly keep up. "Levski - Dimitrov - Moran - Troy - Mullet - Ivanova - Moran again - Moran - and Moran SCORED!" Calla cheered loudly, beaming as Ireland's score again ticked over. They were leading by such a margin she was sure Bulgaria would never catch up. The Veela seemed to have realised this too, as they were shrieking over the crowd's cheers, and the Ministry members were having to keep them back with their wands. Calla kept herself focused on the game. "Levski with the Quaffle - Dimitrov - OH!"A Bludgers had just hit Krum square in the face. Calla gasped and leaned forward, staring through her Omnioculars. His face was getting covered in blood, and his nose seemed definitely broken, but the referee's broom tail had just been set on fire and he didn't seem to notice. "Get a Mediwizard on!" she shrieked, though obviously no one could hear her on the pitch.Ron and Harry were both furious about it. "Time out!" Ron was roaring. "Come on, he can't play like that!""Look at Lynch!" Harry yelled, and Calla swung her Omnioculars round so she could see the Irish Seeker going into a deep dive. And - there, she could see the glint of the Snitch."He's going for it!" she yelled. "Look, hes seen it!"He and Krum were both hurtling towards the ground at a rapid pace. "They're going to crash!" Hermione shrieked, grabbing ahold of Calla's arm. "Look!""No they're not!" Ron shouted, but Calla felt like she knew what was happening."Lynch is!" she shouted back, but with a second long glance at the scoreboard realised it didn't matter. Ireland were too far ahead for Bulgaria to win if they got the Snitch now. Fred and George were right."Look!" Harry roared, just as Lynch slammed into the ground and was promptly trampled upon by a horde of angry Veela."Where's the Snitch?" Charlie was yelling."Krum!" Calla yelled."Krum's got it, it's all over!" Harry shouted, staring.Despite his robes being covered in his own blood, Krum had his hand held high into the air, and there was something golden glinting in his grasp. The scoreboard was flashing: BULGARIA - ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY, IRELAND - ONE HUNDRED AND SEVENTY.The crowd didn't seem to realise at first, until a roar went up from the Ireland end, growing and growing louder and louder, as they began to realise what had just happened. "IRELAND WIN!" Bagman was roaring. "KRUM GETS THE SNITCH BUT IRELAND WINS! Good lord, I don't think any of us were expecting that result!""What did he catch the Snitch for?" Ron was bellowing, though he was cheering and jumping up and down. "He ended it when Ireland were a hundred and sixty points ahead, the idiot!""He knew they were never going to catch up!" Harry was yelling back. "He wanted to end it on his own terms, that's all!""He was very brave, wasn't he?" Hermione said, leaning forward to watch Krum land, as the Mediwizards seemed to swamp him. "Oh, but he looks a terrible mess.""His nose must be broken," Calla said, staring down. "That was a brilliant catch though."The leprechauns had taken to the sky and were flying about, beaming. The Irish National Anthem blared from the waving flags all around them, and Calla's rosette squealed louder and louder. Down below she could see the Veela shrinking back, looking rather forlorn, as they became their beautiful selves again without the fight in them."Vell, ve fought bravely," said a gloomy voice behind them. Calla looked around, seeing the Bulgarian Minister for Magic."You can speak English!" Fudge cried, sounding outraged. "And you've been letting me mime everything all day!""Vell, it vos very funny," said the Bulgarian Minister, and Calla grinned."And as the Irish team perform a lap of honour, flanked by their mascots, the Quidditch World Cup is brought into the Top Box!"The box was suddenly illuminated by a dazzling white light, so that everyone could see as two panting wizards carried in a giant golden cup, which was handed over to a still rather disgruntled looking Cornelius Fudge."Let's have a really loud hand for the gallant losers - Bulgaria!"The seven Bulgarian team members traipsed into the Top Box, looking rather defeated, but the crowd still cheered for them, and Calla could see a hundred thousand pairs of Omnioculars winking and shining towards them. She watched out for Krum as the rest all filed in; he was a mess, with two very black eyes, and a bloodied face, and he was still holding the Snitch. But when his name was called, the whole stadium gave him a loud, ear splitting cheer.And then came the Irish team. Lynch was being held up Moran and Connolly, and he looked really rather dazed as a result of his second crash. Yet he seemed to be beaming as Troy and Quigley lifted the cup into the air, and the crowd below thundered with applause. Calla couldn't stop clapping, beaming along with everybody else. At long last, once the Irish team had done another lap of honour around the pitch, Bagman held his wand to his throat and said a hoarse, "Quietus.""They'll be talking about this one for years," he said happily, beaming. "A really unexpected twist, that, shame it couldn't have gone on longer... Ah. How much do I owe you?"For Fred and George were both beaming, holding out their hands to collect their winnings, and Calla couldn't keep a grin off her face.

They walked back to the campsite amongst raucous singing, dodging leprechauns that were inclined to jump up on top of the crowd and dance over people's heads. Calla was grinning as they all got swept along, passing noisily through the woods. When they got back to the tents, Mr Weasley agreed they could all have another mug of hot cocoa before they turned in, and Calla went to get Matilda before they did so. The little kitten mewed, and pawed at Calla with a bit of a pout. "Shush, Ireland won," she said, carrying Matilda into the boys' tent, where Mr Weasley and Charlie had gotten into a very heated conversation about cobbing.She and Hermione played with Matilda in the corner, which Matilda seemed to enjoy immensely. Calla wasn't sure how long they were in there for before Ginny fell asleep over the table, spilling hot chocolate over herself, and they were ushered back into their own tent to sleep.In the way many people do, Calla had failed to realise quite how exhausted she was until she was getting ready for bed, changing wearily into cozy pyjamas and taking her shamrock hat off. It appeared to have left green glitter in her hair, and she smiled as she brushed it out, braiding her hair messily, before lying down and falling asleep instantly with Matilda curled at her side.The next thing she knew Matilda was whining, pawing at her anxiously and Calla sat bolt upright, Matilda's claws cutting accidentally across her shoulder. Her eyes were wide and worried. "What is it?" she whispered, looking around. Hermione and Ginny were both still sleeping soundly, but Calla couldn't help but feel nervous. She could feel... Something. Nervous energy hung around her. "What's spooked you, girl?"There was a scream somewhere, breaking the quiet of the campsite - when had it got quiet? - and she could hear footsteps rushing past their tent. "Hermione," she whispered, and Matilda ran over to Ginny, tugging at her sleeping bag. Calla shoved Hermione's shoulder as another scream pierced the air. "Hermione, wake up! Something's wrong!""What's going on?" Ginny asked sleepily, just as Mr Weasley burst into their tent, looking frantic. Calla grabbed her warm jumper and jacket."We have to go," Mr Weasley told them, as Calla pulled Hermione awake. "Grab a jacket and shoes and let's go!"She didn't need to be told twice. She chucked Ginny's jacket over to her and scrambled to her feet, shoving her feet into her shoes at the door, grateful that she'd always worn socks to bed. Hermione and Ginny were right behind her as she grabbed her wand and brought Matilda to sit gingerly on her shoulder, before running out of the tent as fast as she could, Mr Weasley following them out.Outside the campsite was illuminated by an eerie green light, spread over the tents. Over a nearby tent, three people were hung suspended in the air, and Calla stifled a cry. It was Mr Roberts, and a woman and child, likely his family. "What is this?" she whispered, fear rising in her throat. "Who... Mr Weasley?""We're going to help the Ministry!" Mr Weasley shouted to them, gesturing to Bill, Charlie and Percy, who had just burst out of the boys' tent. Calla couldn't tear her terrified gaze off of the people hanging in the air.The child had started spinning like a top sixty feet in the air, head rolling limply. "Stop it!" she cried, rushing forward. "Who's doing this?""Get back, Calla," Mr Weasley told her, pushing her towards Harry and Ron. "You lot, get into the woods and stick together." Tears were hot and stinging at the edge of Calla's vision, as someone else screamed and pierced her head. "I'll come and fetch you when I've sorted this out."The crowd beneath the Roberts family was coming closer, and in the dim green light Calla could make out dark, pointed hoods, shining masks. "Come on," Fred said, grabbing a horrified Ginny's hand and tugging her away towards the woods. Calla followed, heart hammering, and with Matilda's claws clinging tightly to her shoulder."Who would do that?" she whispered, shooting a terrified glance back at the campsite. The crowd under the Roberts was only growing, and fear and anger both rolled in her chest. The Ministry wizards seemed to be trying to get through, but the crowd only deepened, and they appeared scared to cast any spell that might make the Roberts fall.People were still screaming; the sound of it only seemed to grow louder even as Calla ran away from the source. There weren't any lights in the woods, and even if Calla was allowed to cast a light spell she was sure she was too terrified to do anything right. She could hear children crying around her, could hear screaming, and yells as they were shoved about in the dark, panicked crowd. Matilda kept hissing and wailing, but there was nothing Calla could do, just trying to keep herself upright and alive.There was a yell from Ron behind her and she turned back, heart leaping as her eyes tried to find him. "Ron!""What happened?" Hermione said anxiously. "I can't see you, Ron, where are you? This is stupid - Lumos!"Calla was grateful for the light. She rushed back towards Ron, who appeared to have fallen, and helped the others to haul him up to his feet. "Tripped over a tree root," he said angrily as they brought him to his feet."With feet that size, hard not to," drawled a voice from behind them. Calla turned sharply, wand held out, to see Draco Malfoy leaning against a tree, looking entirely relaxed. He seemed to have been watching the scene at the campsite through a gap in the trees. Rage coiled in her gut. Of course he was here, acting so calm. She shot a hateful look at him.Ron told Malfoy to do something very rude, and Malfoy's eyes only seemed to glimmer brighter. "Language, Weasley," he drawled. "Wand down now, Potter, we don't want you to injure yourself."She repeated Ron's words from just earlier and Malfoy smirked. "Hadn't you lot be hurrying along now? Wouldn't want her getting spotted."He nodded at Hermione, just as a blast like a bomb sounded from the campsite, shaking the ground in a flash of green light. That green light. She moved back away from Malfoy, heart thudding. At that moment she wanted nothing more than to run away, as far away as she could and never look back and never see Malfoy or this campsite again. She reached flailingly to grab Harry's arm, as though to silently plead for him to run with her."What's that supposed to mean?" Hermione asked Malfoy defiantly, as Calla grasped ahold of Harry's elbow, whole body shaking. There was something familiar about this, horribly familiar. They had to go."Granger, they're after Muggles," said Malfoy. He said Muggles like it was a dirty word. "Do you want to be showing off your knickers in mid-air? Because if you do, hang around... They're moving this way, and it would give us all a laugh.""Hermione's a witch," Harry snarled."Have it your own way, Potter," said Malfoy maliciously. "If you think they can't spot a Mudblood, then stay where you are.""You watch your mouth!" Ron shouted."Don't say that," Calla spat at Malfoy. Matilda hissed from her shoulder."Never mind, you two," Hermione said, seizing Ron as though to hold him back from lunging at Malfoy.There was another loud bang from the other side of the trees, louder than anything else they'd heard, and several people screamed, including Calla, and Matilda, who leapt from her shoulder and took off through the trees. "Matilda!" she shouted, scrambling after her. "Matilda!""Cal!" Harry yelled after her. "Come back!""Matilda'll get hurt!" she yelled, leaning down as she spotted her shivering at the bottom of a tree. She picked her up as gently as he could, Malfoy's voice still floating through the trees over to them. Matilda was shaking, and so was Calla."Nervous little thing, isn't she?" Malfoy drawled, and Calla knew with a horrid feeling that he meant her. She gripped Matilda tighter, shuffling closer back to Harry, Ron and Hermione. "I suppose your daddy told you all to hide? What's he up to - trying to rescue the Muggles?""And where are your parents, Malfoy?" Harry asked, face contorted in anger. "Out there wearing masks are they?""Well, if they were... I wouldn't be likely to tell you, would I, Potter?""You're sick," Calla spat at him, angry tears rising to her eyes. "All of you, you're sick!""What, Potter? Are you scared, too?" He leaned forward with an awful look in his eyes and Calla shivered, feeling her lip wobble, but she refused to let herself cry in front of him."Don't talk to her-""Come on," Hermione muttered, shooting Malfoy a disgusted look. "Let's go and find the others.""Keep that big bushy head down, Granger," Malfoy said, sneering."Come on," Hermione said, tugging them away from him. Calla grabbed Harry's arm as tightly as she could, legs shaking a little bit. Those people... She had to get away."I'll bet you anything his dad is one of that masked lot!" Ron said hotly."Well, with any luck, the Ministry'll catch him," Hermione said. "Oh, I can't believe this, where have the others got to?"Fred, George and Ginny were nowhere to be found. Calla felt incredibly nervous now; more than that, she felt ill. "Let's keep going," she said quietly. "Please. We'll find them eventually, but we need to get away."They continued on a little, Matilda shaking violently in Calla's arms. She regretted bringing her now; she was so terrified. Calla was, too.Just along the path was a huddle of teenagers, whispering to each other. One of them judged the other and turned with wide eyes towards their little group. "O est Madam Maxime? Nous l'avons perdue-""Er, what?" said Ron."Oh..." The girl who had spoken turned around from them, shaking her head. "'Ogwarts.""Beauxbatons," Hermione muttered as they went on."Sorry?" Harry asked."They must go to Beauxbatons," Hermione explained. "You know... Beauxbatons Academy of Magic. I read all about it in an Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe.""Of course," Calla said. "Right.""They can't have gone that far," Ron said, pulling out his own wand to light it like Hermione's. Calla kept a tight grip under Matilda - her wand probably wouldn't do much anyway if she tried to put up a light - but then Harry let out a shout of frustration."Ah, no, I don't believe it. I've gone and lost my wand.""You've what?" Calla half-shrieked."You're kidding?""Use mine," Calla said, shoving it into his hand. He stared at her. "It'll work for you, don't worry. I've got Matilda and... Just use mine.""You sure?" Harry asked slowly, but she nodded quickly, adjusting her hold on Matilda. Harry sent up a tentative light. Calla knew it wasn't as good of a spell as it would have been had he used his own wand, but together with Ron and Hermione he managed to get a decent light in the ground, as they all peered around for his wand."Can you see it, Matilda?" Calla whispered, but her cat gave no signs of being able to spot the wand, and she couldn't either."Maybe it's back in the tent," Ron said."Or maybe it fell out of your pocket when you were running," Hermione suggested nervously. Calla didn't say anything. She didn't want to think of it as an omen necessarily, but this certainly wasn't a good sign. That unease rolled tighter in her stomach."Yeah," Harry said, though Calla could tell he was uneasy, too. He never went anywhere without his wand, it would leave him exposed. She felt a little vulnerable too, even though her wand was with her brother just next to her. "Maybe."There was a rustling noise and she jumped, grasping Matilda tighter. Winky the house elf seemed to be trying to fight her way out of a clump of bushes, struggling. Her movements were very strange, jerky and not slow, but rather unsuccessful, as though she was being pulled back by an invisible hand. "There is bad wizards about!" she squeaked distractedly. "People going high up - high in the air! Winky is getting out of the way!"Poor thing, Calla thought, seeing her laboured movements and the terror that was plain on her little face. She disappeared into another clump of bushes, panting and squeaking all the way like she was trying to hold off some invisible force. "Wonder what's up with her?" Ron said, peering curiously after her. "Why's she running so funny?""She's scared," Calla said, curling her fingers into Matilda's warm fur and stroking her gently. "And I can't say I blame her. We should keep going.""I bet she didn't have permission to hide," Harry said as Calla led them onwards."You know, House elves get a very raw deal!" Hermione was saying indignantly. "It's slavery, that's what this is! That Mr Crouch made her go right up to the top of the stadium, and she was terrified, and now he's got her bewitched so that she can't even run away when people get out and start trampling tents! Why doesn't anyone do anything about it?""Well, the elves are happy, aren't they?" Ron said, and Calla and Hermione both glared at him."She doesn't look very happy!" Calla said. "She's terrified!""You heard her back at the match," Ron said, seeming to quite ignore Calla. "House elves is not supposed to have fun, that's what she said. Seems to me she likes being bossed about.""I'd hardly say running away from danger is fun," Calla told him bluntly. "And how would you know, Ron?""It's people like you," Hermione added hotly, "who prop up rotten and unjust systems, just because they're too lazy to do anything about it!"There was another loud bang from the campsite and Calla squealed, ducking a little. She caught Ron shooting an anxious glance at Hermione, and felt again very ill at ease; she was terrified herself, but if those people were the type to her Muggles, they could be the type to hurt Muggleborns like Hermione, too. Maybe she was in more danger than the rest of them.They carried on down the dark path into the woods, eyes peeled for the rest of the Weasleys or anyone they knew. Calla kept glancing around for a flash of red hair, not just for the Weasleys but for Isobel. She had no idea where she, Daphne and Padma might be by now. They passed a group of goblins who were cackling over a bet they'd made on the match, and further still came across a group of Veela surrounded by young men."I pull down about a hundred sacks of galleons a year!" one of them was insisting loudly. "I'm a dragon killer for the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Magical Creatures.""No, you're not," his friend yelled. "You're a dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron! ... But me, I'm a vampire hunter. I've killed about ninety of them so far!""I'm about to become the youngest ever Minister for Magic, I am."Calla found herself almost giggling at that; she recognised that boy, who was Stan Shunpike, the Knight Bus conductor and definitely not in line to be the youngest ever Minister for Magic. She thought if anyone was going to do that, it would probably be Hermione. "Did I tell you I've invented a broomstick that'll reach Jupiter?" Ron shouted suddenly, and she jumped back with a fright, staring at him incredulously."Honestly!" said Hermione again, yanking him back from the crowd of Veela. They turned him around and marched him sharply away. Matilda seemed to be shaking her head, which made Calla smile. By the time the sounds of the Veela and the admirers who had surrounded them had entirely faded, Calla was sure they'd made it to the very dark heart of the woods. They seemed to be alone now. Everything had gone quiet. Calla felt suddenly quite exhausted, and there was a sort of pressure in her head.She leaned against a tree trunk for a moment, listening out in the silence. "I reckon we can just wait here you know. We'll hear anyone coming from a mile away."He'd only just spoken when Ludo Bagman came stumbling out of the trees behind Calla. She jumped, staring at him. Even by the feeble light of the three wands, she could make out the strain and worry on his face that had not been there when she'd seen him earlier. "Who's that?" he asked sharply, and Calla drew back a bit, standing by Ron. "What are you all doing in here, all alone?"The four of them all glanced at each other in surprise. "Well, there's sort of a riot going on," Ron said.Bagman stared at him. "There's what?""On - on the campsite... Some people have gotten ahold of a family of Muggles..."Bagman swore very loudly. "Damn them!" he shouted, looking around distractedly, and then Disapparated with a small pop."Not exactly on top of things is he, Mr Bagman?" Hermione asked, as Calla went to linger by a crowd of small bushes, looking around them for anyone else coming along."He was a great Beater though," Ron said, and Harry tugged Calla along down a path to a small clearing where they settled on the grass. "The Wimbourne Wasps won the league three times in a row while he was with them."Matilda, still quivering, refused to leave Calla's arms as she sat down on a dry patch by a tree. She stroked her gently, trying to calm Matilda down as much as she was trying to calm herself. Harry sat next to her, handing over her wand. "You keep ahold of it," he told her. "It is yours.""It's not going to be much use if I'm the one using it," she muttered, but pocketed it just the same."I hope the others are alright," Hermione said after a short while."They'll be fine," said Ron, though he looked worried."Imagine if your dad catches Lucius Malfoy," Harry said, watching as Ron made his figure of Viktor Krum walk duck footedly around in a circle, slouching over the fallen leaves. "He's always said he'd like to get him done for something.""That'd wipe the smirk off of old Draco's face, alright," said Ron."Those poor Muggles though," said Hermione nervously. "What if they can't get them down?"Calla shivered. "They'll be alright," Ron assured them. "They'll find a way.""Made though, to try something like that when the whole Ministry of Magic's out there tonight," said Hermione. "I mean, how do they expect to get away with it? Do you think they've been drinking?""They had costumes," Calla said bluntly. She'd seen what they were wearing. "This was organised. I don't-"She was cut off abruptly, hearing something from behind her. She got to her feet quickly, grabbing her wand as Matilda scrabbled up onto her shoulder. They all listened with heavy breath. It was like something had staggered through the trees, but it had come to a stop now. "Hello?" asked Harry. Calla glanced at him; they wanted to stay hidden if they could. But there was just silence, even though she knew she had heard something. She couldn't see far, not in this pitch black, but she could feel something nearby them, sense a shape just at the edge of her vision. "Who's there?" Harry demanded.Again, silence. Matilda let out a tiny meow, creeping to run against Calla's leg. And then the silence was ripped apart by a voice chilling and horrid, one Calla was sure she'd heard before in the back of her mind. "MORSMORDRE!"She saw the thing even before it appeared. She remembered it; vast, green and glittering, it moved across the darkness and formed a shape, soaring into the sky. Matilda seemed hysterical, pawing at the ground wildly. Ron leapt to his feet. "What the-"Calla recognises it. The giant skull lingered in the air composed of horrid things like emerald stars, and a serpent writhed its way out of its mouth, flicking like a tongue. She could hear a scream somewhere else in the distance, and a shiver ran through her as she stumbledback. She knew what it was and she'd seen it before. It moved further, higher into the sky, turning the clouds into a haze of greenish smoke. Screams erupted from all around them, and Calla grappled for Harry's hand."That's his mark," she hissed as quietly as she could. Her eyes scanned the darkness furtively, but she didn't want to go any closer to whoever had conjured the mark. "Let's get out."She turned around even as Harry tried to move forward, and she tugged him back with her, trying to run. "Who's there?" he asked, and she groaned, using all her strength to try and drag him back."Harry, I just told you, that's You-Know-Who's Mark." His face went whiter. "Whoever's there, we don't want to face them, now come on, let's go."Matilda was following her and Hermione had taken ahold of Calla's other hand, white and shaking, but they'd only made it a few steps before there was a great series of popping sounds all around them as twenty wizards Apparated out of nowhere. "Duck!" Harry yelled at them, pulling them all down.Calla half-flung herself to the ground just as twenty voices bellowed, "STUPEFY!"There was a blinding series of flashing lights and a feeling of a very strong wind blowing through the clearing as Calla panted, pulling Matilda beside her. Beams of red lights like lasers were coming from the assembled wizards' wands, rebounding off of trees and colliding with each other. "Stop!" a voice yelled. "That's my son!"She changed a glance up to see Mr Weasley running over, and breathed a great sigh of relief. "Ron - Harry," Mr Weasley said shakily, "Calla - Hermione - are you all alright?"She could barely speak. "Get out of the way, Arthur," said a cold, curt voice.Mr Crouch appeared in her view and she raised her head higher, rolling onto her knees. Matilda immediately ran onto her lap, shaking beyond belief, and Calla held her tightly as she could, stroking her back and behind the ears in the most comforting way she could manage considering her own hands were trembling, and she sent a glare around at the wizards. "Which one of you did it?" Crouch demanded."What?""Which one of you conjured the Dark Mark?""We didn't do it!" Harry said, looking up at the still glittering skull in the sky."We didn't do anything!" Ron insisted, rubbing his head and looking indignantly at his father."You've scared my cat," Calla told them with a glare. Mr Crouch did not seem to care."Yeah! You did!" Ron said. "And what'd you want to attack us for?""Do not lie, sir!" Mr Crouch shouted. He had his wand pointed directly at Ron and his eyes seemed to be about to pop out of his head, giving the impression that he was quite mad. "You have been discovered at the scene of the crime!""Barty," whispered a witch in a long woolly dressing gown, "they're kids, Barty. They'd never have been able to...""Where did the mark come from, you four?" Mr Weasley asked quickly."Over there," Hermione said, still panting a little as she pointed to just beyond the tree line of the clearing. "There was someone beyond the trees... They shouted something... It was some sort of an incantation...""Oh, stood over there, did they?" Mr Crouch asked. He rounded on Hermione now, eyes popping out of their sockets. "Said an incantation, did they? You seem very well informed about how the mark is summoned, missy!""Because we heard it," Calla said, still clutching Matilda. Mr Crouch turned his wild eyes on her, and she shrank down a little, shoulders shuddering.At least none of the other Ministry wizards seemed to think it was likely that they had been the ones to conjure the skull, likely because they were children and clearly terrified. Instead, they had all turned their wands to the tree line behind the clearing, and were peering warily over to it. Calla noticed one of the wizards looking very pale, mouth set firm as he gripped his wand."We're too late," said the witch in the dressing gown. "They'll have Disapparated by now.""I don't think so," said Amos Diggory, stepping forwards. "Our Stunners went through those trees... there's a good chance we got them!""Amos, be careful," warned a few of the other wizards, looking very wary.But Mr Diggory just squared his shoulders and raised his wand, marching across the clearing to squint beyond the trees. A moment later he disappeared into that darkness, and Calla held her breath, waiting. Matilda curled in on herself, head burrowed in the crook of Calla's elbow. A few very long seconds later, Mr Diggory shouted, "Yes! We got them!" Calla gasped. "There's someone there! Unconscious - but - blimey-""You've got someone?" Mr Crouch asked, sounding entirely disbelieving. "Who? Who is it?"A twig snapped and the bush leaves rustled as Diggory came back through, appearing before them. Calla gasped at who he was holding limply in his arms. It was... "Winky," she whispered. Mr Crouch whirled around. "We - we ran into her in the Top Box during the match."Mr Crouch had gone rather white, but he didn't say anything. He whipped back around to look at Winky, who Mr Diggory had just laid down on the ground before him. Crouch looked transfixed for a moment, his gaze held on his house elf with blazing eyes. "This - cannot - be-" he said jerkily. "No."He moved sharply, darting around Mr Diggory and started off towards the place where they had found Winky, something blazing in his eyes. Calla looked on curiously. "No point, Mr Crouch," called Mr Diggory after him. "There was no one else there."Mr Crouch either didn't hear him or elected to ignore him. Maybe he just thought Diggory hadn't looked enough; he seemed to be rustling around in the leaves, pushing branches aside and searching as though he expected to find something Mr Diggory had managed to miss."But embarrassing," Mr Diggory was saying with a frown. "Crouch's house elf found at the scene of a crime... Right under a conjured Dark Mark... I mean to say...""Come off it, Amos," said Mr Weasley. "You don't think the elf could have conjured the Dark Mark? It's a wizard's mark. It requires a wand.""Yeah," said Mr Diggory. "And she had a wand.""What?" Mr Weasley said, and Calla stared."Here, look." Mr Diggory held up a wand and showed it to Mr Weasley. "She had it in her hand. So that's clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken for a start. No non-human creatures are permitted to carry a wand."There was another sharp pop as Mr Bagman burst into the clearing, turning upwards to the sky and goggling at the Dark Mark that still lingered there. "The Dark Mark!" he panted, almost trampling Winky as he stumbled backwards. "Who did it? Did you catch them? Barty? What's going on?"Mr Crouch had returned. He looked slightly like a ghost, his face was so awfully pale, and his hands were empty, having failed to find anything. His moustache was twitching nervously."Where have you been, Barty?" Bagman asked. "Why weren't you at the match? Your elf was saving you a seat! Why - Gulping gargoyles!" He jumped as he noticed Winky on the ground. "What happened to her?""I have been busy, Ludo," Crouch said. He spoke in that same jerky sort of manner, barely moving his lips, like he was a ventriloquist without a dummy. "And my elf has been Stunned.""Stunned? By you lot, you mean? But why-?"It took a moment before he realised, and stared up at the sky again in an awestruck sort of horror. "No!" he said. "Winky, conjure the Dark Mark? She wouldn't know how! She'd need a wand, for a start!""And she had one," Mr Diggory said lowly. "I found her holding it, Ludo. If it's alright with you, Mr Crouch, I think we should hear what Winky has to say for herself."Crouch remained silent, but Calla watched as Diggory waved his wand anyway. "Renervate!"Slowly, Winky moved, coming back to herself. Her massive brown eyes opened and she blinked them in a confused, almost dazed sort of way as she sat up, looking around at the silent wizards. She turned her head upwards slowly, trailing over Mr Diggory before, with a gulp, she looked at the still glittering emerald skull hanging in the sky. It reflected in her large, glassy eyes. Winky turned, looking furtively around the clearing, and then she burst into loud, wet, terrified sobs. Calla wanted to rush to comfort her, but didn't think that moving to try and do that would go down well with the wizards gathered, or with Mr Crouch."Elf!" Mr Diggory barked sternly. "Do you know who I am? I am a member for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures!"Winky rocked backwards and forwards on the grounds, shuddering in between sobs. Calla looked around at the assembled wizards, none of whom seemed to care about the fact that she was so upset. "As you see, elf, the Dark Mark was conjured here a few minutes ago. And you were discovered moments later, at the scene of the crime, right beneath it! An explanation, if you please!""I - I - I is not doing it, sir!" Winky sobbed. "I is not knowing how, sir!""You were found with a wand in your hand," Mr Diggory said, brandishing it before her. Winky sobbed harder, but Calla's eyes were momentarily caught on the wand. She looked at Harry sharply, and he recognised it too, leaning forward with a frown."That's mine!"Everyone in the clearing turned to look at him. "Excuse me?" Mr Diggory asked slowly, with an incredulous expression on his face."That's my wand!" Harry said, looking around at them all. "I dropped it!""You dropped it?" asked Mr Diggory, gaping. "Is that a confession?" Calla stared at him in disbelief. "You threw it aside after you conjured the Dark Mark?""Amos, think who you are talking to!" Mr Weasley cried furiously. "Is Harry Potter likely to have conjured the Dark Mark?""Er, of course not," said Mr Diggory awkwardly. "Just got... Carried away...""I didn't drop it there anyway," Harry told them. "I realised it was missing right after we got into the woods.""So," said Mr Diggory, eyes returning furiously to Winky, who was cowering at her feet. It was a horrid sight, Calla thought, stomach coiling. "You found a wizard's wand lying around, did you, elf? You thought you'd have a bit of fun, try a bit of magic with it, eh?""I is not doing magic with it, sir!" Winky squeaked, eyes wide and trembling with tears. They fell down her cheeks and hung off the ends of her bulbous nose as she sobbed furiously. "I is... I is... I is just picking it up, sir! I is not making the Dark Mark, sir! I is not knowing how!""It wasn't her!" Hermione said insistently. She seemed very nervous, speaking in front of the Ministry wizards and witches, and her eyes flickered anxiously to Calla, Harry and Ron. "Winky's got a squeaky little voice, hasn't she? We - the voice we heard was much, much deeper!""She's right," Calla piped up, also nervously. "It didn't sound anything like Winky. It was a wizard's voice.""It definitely didn't sound like an elf," Harry agreed, nodding furtively.It didn't seem to comfort Winky any, though. "Well, we'll soon see," Mr Diggory growled. He didn't look at all impressed. "There's a simple way of knowing the last spell a wand performed, elf, did you know that?"Winky trembled, shaking her head in a frantic way. Mr Diggory raised his own wand, holding it tip to tip with Harry's one, and said quietly, "Priori incantata."Calla's stomach twisted as she saw another monstrous skull rise from the space between the two wands. It was a shadow of the one already hanging in the sky, with only a greenish tinge, but it was still horrible. "Deletrius," Mr Diggory said, and the skull whisper away."So," Diggory said, eyes glinting with a savage sort of triumph. He looked down at Winky, who shook convulsively, looking around her in a frantic sort of terror."I is not doing it!" she squealed. "I is not, I is not, I is not knowing how, sir! I is a good elf, I is not using wands, sir, I is not knowing how!""You've been caught red handed, elf!" Mr Diggory was roaring. Matilda hissed, popping her head up for a moment before she looked down again, and Calla stroked her absently behind the ears. "You've been caught with the guilty wand in your hand!""Amos," Mr Weasley said sternly. "Think about what you are sayin. Very few wizards know how to do that spell... Where would she have learnt it, eh?""Perhaps Amos is suggesting," said Crouch slowly, and coldly, "that I routinely teach my servants how to conjure the Dark Mark?"There was an uneasy silence around the clearing, broken by Winky's whimpering and Matilda's small mewing. "Mr Crouch," Mr Diggory said, looking quite horrified, "I... Not at all...""You have now come close to accusing the two people in this clearing least likely to have conjured that mark," Mr Crouch barked at Diggory. "Harry Potter - and myself! I assume you are familiar with the boy's story, Amos?""Of - of course!" Mr Diggory muttered. He was looking very uncomfortable; Calla hardened her gaze towards him. "Everyone knows...""And I trust you to remember the many proofs I have provided over a long career that I simply detest any of the sort who would conjure that Dark Mark? That I detest the Dark Arts and all those who practise them!" Mr Crouch's eyes seemed to be bulging again in his fury."Mr Crouch, I - I never suggested you had anything to do with it!""If you accuse my elf, you accuse me, Diggory! Where else would she have learned to conjure it?""She - she might've picked it up anywhere-""Precisely, Amos," said Mr Weasley, interjecting. "She might've picked it up anywhere. Winky?" He turned towards her kindly, but Winky flinched anyway as though she was expecting to be shouted at again. She clutched her tea-cozy tightly, graying it between her spindly fingers, her bony little shoulders shaking. "Where exactly did you find Harry's wand?""I - I is finding it over there, sir," she whispered, trembling all over. "In the... In the trees, sir.""You see, Amos?" Mr Weasley said. "Whoever conjured the Dark Mark could have Disapparated right after they did so, leaving Harry's wand behind. A clever thing to do, not using their own wand, which could have incriminated them. And poor Winky here simply had the misfortune to pick it up afterwards, just moments later.""But then she'd have been mere feet away from the real culprit!" Mr Diggory said impatiently. "Elf! Did you see anyone?"Winky started trembling even worse than before. She was trembling so much Calla was sure she would fall apart. Her giant eyes flickered between the wizards assembled before her, from Diggory to Bagman and then to Mr Crouch, at which point she sobbed even louder and had to gulp deeply before she spoke. "I is seeing no one, sir... No one...""Amos," Mr Crouch said in a curt way. "I am fully aware that in the regular course of events, you would want to take Winky in to your Department for questioning. I ask you, however, to allow me to deal with her."Diggory blinked in surprise, but didn't seem to have the courage to refuse Crouch. "You may rest assure she will be punished," Crouch said coldly, and Calla shivered. She'd seen some of the ways Dobby had insisted on punishing himself last year and she hated to think what might happen to Winky now, for merely being in the wrong place at the wrong time, because her master was embarrassed."M-m-m-master," Winky pleaded, gasping. "M-m-master, p-please..."Crouch's face was entirely devoid of pity. It was horrid, Calla thought, as she clutched Matilda ever tighter, watching Winky in horror. "Winky has behaved tonight in a manner I would not have thought possible," he said slowly. "I told her to stay in the tent. I told her to stay there while I went to sort out the trouble. And I find that she disobeyed me. This means clothes.""No!" Winky shrieked, trembling with tears as she lay herself prostrate at Crouch's feet, wailing. "No, master! Not clothes, please, not clothes!""But she was scared!" Hermione shouted out angrily, glaring at Mr Crouch. "Your elf's scared of heights and those people in masks were levitating people and hurting them! You can't blame her for wanting to get out of the way!"The way Mr Crouch was looking at Winky made Calla's stomach turn; like she was dirt contaminating his so perfectly polished shoes, whom he wanted nothing to do with. "I have no use for a house elf who disobeys me," he said coldly, looking at Hermione. "I have no use for a servant who forgets what is due to her master, and to her master's reputation."Calla glared fiercely at him, rage spreading through her. Winky was now crying so hard that her sobs echoed all around the clearing, and it was a horrid sound and sight. "You can't do this," Calla said quietly, angry tears burning behind her eyes. "She's clearly been terrified, but she had nothing to do with this. You can't fire her for being scared, anyone would be scared! We're scared!""She has disobeyed me," said Crouch coldly. "I can do with her as I like."Calla wanted to shout, to scream something horrid at Crouch, but Mr Weasley cleared his throat and gave her a quietening look. "Well, I think I'll take my lot up to the tent, if no one's any objections. Amos, that wand's told us all it can now. If Harry could have it back, please."Mr Diggory handed Harry back his wand, but Calla didn't take her eyes off of Mr Crouch. "Come on, you four," Mr Weasley told them quietly, but neither Calla nor Hermione wanted to go. Hermione's eyes were still fixed on the sobbing Winky."We can't leave her here upset-" Calla started, but Mr Weasley shook his head."Come on, Calla. Hermione."Very reluctantly, Calla got to her feet, still staring at Winky. She felt sick as she followed Mr Weasley and the boys out of the clearing, with Hermione at her shoulder."What's going to happen to her?" Hermione asked very quietly once they left the clearing behind."I don't know," Mr Weasley said quietly."The way they were treating her!" Hermione said furiously. "You saw it! Mr Diggory, calling her elf all the time! She has a name! And Mr Crouch knows she didn't do it and he's still going to sack her! He didn't care how frightened she was or how upset, he didn't care at all about her feelings! It was like she wasn't even human!""Well, she isn't," Ron said, and Calla shot him the most venomous glare she could manage."That doesn't mean she hasn't got feelings, Ron!" Hermione said, rounding on him. "It's disgusting the way-""Hermione, I agree with you," Mr Weasley told her quietly. "But now is not the time to discuss house elf rights. We want to get back to the tent as quick as we can. Where are the others?""We lost them in the forest," Ron said. "Dad, why was everyone so uptight about that skull thing?""That wasn't a 'skull thing'," Calla told him sharply, swallowing. "That was... It's his Mark. V-Vol... You-Know-Who's Mark.""What? But-""I'll explain everything back at the tent," Mr Weasley said tightly. "Come along, quickly now."When they got to the edge of the wood, they were immediately stopped by a mob of wizards and witches surging forward, looking frantic. Calla stared and shuffled behind Harry, stroking Matilda's head in an attempt to distract herself. They were all asking questions, who conjured it, what it meant, if it was... Him. The thought made her stomach feel very empty."Of course it's not him," Mr Weasley said impatiently. "I don't know who it was, it looked like they Disapparated. Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to get this lot to bed."He led them through the campsite. It was quiet now, eerily so, a bit like a ghost town. Some of the tents were smoking, very phantom-like wisps coming out the top of them, and it seemed most had been scared back into their tents or into fleeing the place altogether."Dad?" Charlie's head poked out of the boys' tent. "What's going on? Fred, George and Ginny got back okay, but the others-""I've got them," Mr Weasley said. "They're alright."He bent down and entered the tent, and Calla followed him along with the others. She cast a last terrified look out at the campsite, the screams of earlier still ringing in her ears, before she ducked inside. The eldest Weasley boys all seemed to have been injured in some way - Bill holding a bedsheet to a bleeding arm, Charlie with a slightly red-tinged tear in his shirt, and Percy with a bloodied up nose. The others though, Fred, George and Ginny, all looked unhurt, though they were all very pale and Ginny was shaking profusely."Did you get them, Dad?" Bill asked sharply. "The person who conjured the Mark?""No," said Mr Weasley. "We found Barty Crouch's elf with Harry's wand, but we're none the wiser about who conjured the Mark.""What?" said Bill, Charlie and Percy together."Harry's wand?" said Fred."Mr Crouch's elf?" said Percy, looking horrified.They tried to explain the events in the woods as best they could, though Calla didn't feel like putting in much input. Her mind kept drifting back to Winky sobbing, terrified out of her mind and trying to escape even though she wasn't allowed, holding herself back by her master's orders. And that awful mark in the sky... The Dark Mark. She'd seen it as a Boggart and as a vision, but never in real life and it was even more horrifying as a true memory. Her mind wandered then to something Trelawney had said last year, that had rattled her. She'd talked about a mark on her soul... A dark mark. But she couldn't have that on her soul. It wouldn't make sense.She sighed as she held Matilda, holding out her hand for her to lick. It calmed her a little, and Matilda seemed contented now she was in somewhere relatively quiet, and that smelled of other cats. She was so glad Matilda was okay - she knew cats were sensitive to loud noises and bangs, she'd seen enough Guy Fawkes' nights to know how neighbours' cats responded - and she didn't want to let her go again.She tuned back into the conversation just as Mr Weasley started to talk about the mark. "It hasn't been seen in thirteen years," he told them. "Of course people panicked... It was almost like seeing You-Know-Who back again."Calla held Matilda closer to her. She knew that was a very real possibility, and yet another vision had come true... She'd hoped somehow that they'd have had longer, but she could feel it as certainly as she could see, somehow. He was coming back - maybe not back yet, but on his way."You-Know-Who and his followers sent the Dark Mark into the air whenever they'd killed," Mr Weasley said. "The sort of terror that inspired... You have no idea, you're too young. But coming home and seeing the Dark Mark hovering above your house and knowing what you're about to find inside." He winced, and there was pain behind his eyes. Calla could see it. She wondered if the Dark Mark had ever gone up above Godric's Hollow, if he had been assured of his victory... If he'd marked it for everyone to see his sick triumph. She pushed that away, feeling tears again, but she felt Perhaps tears were deserved. "It was everyone's worst fear," Mr Weasley added in a whisper. "The very worst."There was silence for a moment. Calla curled up, holding Matilda on her knees which were tucked right at her chest. She caught Harry send her a worried look."Well, it didn't help us tonight," Bill said finally, peeling a bedsheet away from his wound. "Whoever sent that up. It scared the Death Eaters away the moment they saw it. They all Disapparated away before we could even get near enough to catch any of them. We caught the Robertses before they hit the ground, though. They're having their memories modified right now.""Death Eaters?" Harry asked. "Who're Death Eaters?""His followers," Calla said quietly, and became aware of how hollow her voice sounded. She cleared her throat nervously and looked around them all. "That's what they were called, wasn't it? And those... Those were his followers." A tear spilled over and she wiped it away hastily, aware that everyone was looking at her."Yeah," Bill said. "That's what they called themselves. I think we saw the last of them tonight. Those who managed to keep themselves out of Azkaban, anyway." That hadn't seemed like the last of them, Calla thought. Not the remnants of some old and fallen order that had been scattered to the winds and locked in Azkaban. There had seemed like so many of them."We can't prove it was them, Bill," said Mr Weasley tiredly. "It probably was, though.""Yeah, I bet it was!" Ron said suddenly. "We saw Draco Malfoy in the woods, Dad, and he all but told us his dad was one of those nutters in masks! And we all know they were right in with You-Know-Who!""But what were Vol- I mean, You-Know-Who's supporters doing levitating Muggles? I mean, what was the point?""The point?" Mr Weasley asked. He laughed hollowly. "Harry, that's their idea of fun. Half of the Muggle killings back when You-Know-Who was at large were done for fun. I suppose they had a few drinks tonight and thought they couldn't resist reminding us that some of them are still at large. A nice little reunion for them," he added in disgust."But if they were the Death Eaters, then why did they Disapparate when they saw the Dark Mark?" Ron asked, frowning."Use your brains, Ron," Bill said. "If they really were the Death Eaters, they worked hard to stay out of Azkaban all these years. When You-Know-Who fell out of power, some of them told all sorts of lies about him forcing them to kill and torture people. I bet they'd be even more frightened than the rest of us to see him come back. They denied they'd ever been involved with him when he lost power and went back to their everyday lives. I don't think he'll be overly pleased with them, do you?""So, whoever conjured the Dark Mark," Hermione said slowly, "were they doing it to show support for the Death Eaters or to scare them away?""Your guess is as good as ours, Hermione," said Mr Weasley. "But I'll tell you this... It was only ever the Death Eaters who knew how to conjure that mark. I'd be very surprised if the person who did it hadn't been a Death Eater once, if they aren't now... Listen, it's getting very late, and if your mother hears what's happened she'll be worried sick. We'll get a few more hours of sleep and then get an early Portkey out of here."The girls went silently back to their tent, but Calla couldn't sleep, even with Matilda curled up tightly at her side. From the sounds of it, neither could Hermione or Ginny.But none of them wanted to talk either. There was a lump in her throat as her mind crawled back to her last visions, to everything about Voldemort... To what Harry had told her about his dream. He was coming back, she knew. Maybe he was back tonight or maybe someone had been trying to herald his return. But either way, she couldn't stop herself from shaking as she lay in bed, cold and tired but too terrified to sleep. Slowly, she could hear Ginny start to snore beside her, and Matilda drooped, and she curled up tight enough that she wasn't shaking all over, though her ribs still felt like they were rattling in her chest, and then finally, she thought, she managed to drop off to sleep.

When they got back to the Burrow, Mrs Weasley slammed the door open and ran out, holding a screwed up copy of the Daily Prophet in her hand. "Arthur! Arthur!"But just behind her, Calla could see Remus hurrying out towards them too, followed by Sirius. "Calla! Harry!" They called, and Calla dashed forward. "We saw the Daily Prophet, are you both alright?""We are," Calla said quickly. "We're fine." She hugged Remus tightly. "We managed to get into the woods, but-""Someone cast the Dark Mark," Harry said quietly. Remus paled."We saw. It's all over the front page." Sirius gripped both Calla and Harry's shoulders tightly and after the last night she knew she couldn't very well shrug him off. "But you're not hurt?""Shaken," Calla said quietly. "But not hurt, no.""Thank goodness." To her surprise, Sirius pulled them both in tightly for a hug. "We've been worried sick all morning waiting for the two of you to get here. Came over to see Molly as soon as we saw the Prophet."Calla looked down and saw Remus was wearing odd socks. She smiled weakly. "Well, we're alright," Harry said."Come on, come on!" Mrs Weasley was calling over to them. "Sit down where it's nice and warm, I'll get you all something to eat. You too, Sirius, Remus, you're both looking far too thin."Calla couldn't help but smile as they went on inside, comforted by the Weasleys' home. "Have you got glitter in your hair?" Remus asked her curiously."Yeah," she said. "I think it came out of my shamrock hat and I didn't get it out last night." His face fell a little. "It's fine though, I'm sure I can get rid of it. Moony!" Remus startled, but it wasn't him she was meaning. Her owl flew into the kitchen with a screech, followed sharply by Hedwig. Moony landed on top of Calla's head, and used his wing to try and flap away the glitter, which fell down around her. "Moony," she whined. "You'll do no good hitting it, you're messing up my hair."Moony hooted loudly and then flew off her head to hover in front of Matilda for a moment, before landing perched on the windowsill. A second later, Matilda let out a loud meow and leapt from Calla's arms, rushing over to where Moony sat and curling up on the windowsill. Calla watched them fondly as she sat down.Once they were all crammed into the kitchen and Hermione had made Mrs Weasley, Remus and Sirius all cups of tea, Bill handed his father the copy of the Daily Prophet. Mr Weasley scanned the front page nervously, Percy leaning over his shoulder."I knew it," said Mr Weasley heavily. "Ministry blunder... culprits not apprehended... lax security... Dark wizards running around unchecked... nation disgrace... Who wrote this? Ah, yes, of course. Rita Skeeter.""That woman's got it in for the Ministry!" Percy insisted loudly. "Last year she was saying we're wasting our time on cauldron bottom thickness, when we should be stamping out vampires! As if that wasn't specifically stated in paragraph twelve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of Wizarding Half-Humans-""Do us a favour, Perce," Bill yawned, "and shut up."Calla giggled, exchanging an amused glance with Harry. Sirius said something quietly to Remus, next to her, but she couldn't make out what exactly it was that he'd said. "I'm mentioned," Mr Weasley said, and his eyes widened behind his glasses as he finished reading."Where?" Mrs Weasley spluttered, choking on her tea. "If I'd seen that, I would have known that you were alive!""Not by name," said Mr Weasley, frowning at the paper. "Listen to this. If the terrified witches and wizards who waited breathlessly at the edge of the woods expected reassurances from the Ministry of Magic, then they were sadly disappointed. A Ministry official emerged sometime after the appearance of the Dark Mark, alleging that no one had been hurt but refusing to give any further information. Whether this statement will be enough to quash the rumours that several bodies were removed from the woods hours later, is yet to be seen. Oh really," Mr Weasley said, sounding exasperated as he handed the paper over to Percy. "Nobody was hurt, what was I supposed to say? Rumours that several bodies were removed from the woods... Well, there certainly will be rumours now that she'd written that."He sighed loudly. "Molly, I'm going to have to go into the office. This is going to take some smoothing over.""I'll come with you, father," Percy said, trying to sound important. "Mr Crouch will likely need all hands on deck. And I can deliver that cauldron report in person."He bustled excitedly out of the room. Calla raised her eyebrows and whispered to Remus, "He's very invested in his report about cauldron bottom thickness.""Arthur," Mrs Weasley said, looking upset, "you're meant to be on your holiday! This hasn't got anything to do with your office, surely they can handle it without you?""I've got to go, Molly," said Mr Weasley. "I've just made things worse. I'll just change into my robes and I'll be off.""We should be going soon, too," Remus said. "You two'll want to get settled at the flat."That brought a grin to Calla's face. "We'll go bring our stuff down," Harry said, and shot a meaningful look at Ron and Hermione, who both nodded quickly."We'll give you a hand," Ron said as they all stood up. "Be back in a moment.""You alright?" Ron asked as they shut the door to Harry's room."Yeah, I just, I thought I ought to tell you. That Saturday night before we got here... Well, we both had bad dreams.""That's not that uncommon," Hermione said, with a glance at Calla. "Is it?""No, but... It was about him, or mine was anyway. And my scar hurt when I woke up."Ron went very pale at that. "What? Your scar hurt? But the last time that happened, wasn't it because You-Know-Who was about? But he can't be here now, can he?" He looked sharply at the window as though expecting You-Know-Who to be hiding behind one of the Weasleys' apple trees."I'm sure he wasn't in Privet Drive," Calla said quickly. "And he can't be here either. But...""I was dreaming about him," said Harry. "Him And Wormtail and this other man... I don't know who he was... And Calla had a dream, too.""It was more like a vision," she explained quietly. "But yeah. Not the same - there was this cup, and fire, and then I was on the ground and there was this house... And a snake.""A snake? But, well, he's really into snakes, isn't he? You-Know-Who?""It all sounds a bit vague," Hermione said with a small sniff. "Sounds like a dream to me.""I've been having other dreams as well," Calla added before Hermione could say anything more. "I saw the Dark Mark in one. When I saw it last night, I remembered it - that vision came true, Hermione.""Are you sure it wasn't de ja vu?" Hermione asked, and Calla bristled."I'm sure. I wrote it down, if you want proof I'm not making it up." She turned sharply back to Harry, who was looking awkwardly between her and Hermione."It was just a nightmare, Harry," Ron said bracingly. "Sure it is.""They were going to kill someone," Harry said quietly. "In the dream. They were planning it." Calla gulped. She was pretty sure she knew who they had been planning to kill."He's coming back," Calla said quietly. They all stared at her. "I'm seeing all the signs. But they're not... Clear enough." She squeezed her eyes shut. That wasn't what she meant; she could only see snippets of things, singular events. She didn't have the whole picture, and it was intensely frustrating."We don't know for sure," Ron said, sounding rather like he was trying to reassure himself more than anyone else."It is a bit of a coincidence though," Harry said. "I wake up with my scar hurting, dreaming about Voldemort, and Calla's seen the mark and the snake and the house... And then a few days later, Death Eaters show up on the march, and his sign's in the air again.""Don't say his name," Ron hissed through gritted teeth."And remember what Trelawney said at the end of last year?" Harry asked. "It all lines up with what Calla's seen.""What Trelawney said doesn't mean anything," Hermione said irritably, and Calla shot her a glare. "You know her, she's an old fraud.""She is not!""This was real," Harry said, ignoring Calla's protestations. "And even if I wasn't sure, Calla can See, properly. All the signs are there..."The door swung open and they all jumped. Ginny was standing in the doorway with her hands on her hips. "Mum sent me to help you get your things, Calla." She glanced around at them all. "What are you all whispering about?""Nothing, Ginny," Ron said irritably. "We can manage without your help, go back downstairs.""That's not-"Calla slipped out of the room, taking Ginny's arm lightly. "Sorry about that," she said quietly. "It's nice of you to help."Ginny shrugged. "Not really. Did you know Sirius has loads of tattoos? I just saw them."Calla made herself smile. "Yeah? I didn't really, but I'm not surprised."Together they worked on hauling Calla's trunk down the narrow Burrow stairs, with Moony's cage balanced precariously on top of it. They managed to get it left by the door, where Remus and Sirius were deep in conversation with Bill and Mr Weasley. The four of them looked up as the girls entered, and went suddenly quiet. It wasn't subtle at all; Calla knew they'd been talking about something either to do with them or with the Dark Mark, but she didn't say anything."Harry's just coming," she said, and looked around for Mrs Weasley, who was just coming back into the kitchen. "Thank you so much for having us, Mrs Weasley.""Not at all, dear," Mrs Weasley said, beaming. "You've been no bother."There was an awful racket on the stairs all of a sudden. "That was my foot, Ron!" Hermione said, letting out a pained sort of sound."Sorry," Calla could hear Ron muttering. A lot of bumping about later, they appeared at the bottom of the stairs, the trunk held between Harry and Ron and Hedwig's cage held by a cross looking Hermione."I can't thank you enough for having them, Molly," Remus said, and Mrs Weasley smiled again."Like I said dear, it was no bother at all. Now you two, look after yourselves. You're still far too thin.""Yes, well, certain things will do that to you," Sirius said, a little brittly, as he went over by the fireplace."Remember to write to us," Hermione was saying, as Calla called Moony over into his cage. "Both of you.""We will," Calla said for both of them, because Hedwig seemed to be trying to have an argument and Harry was trying to convince her to go into her cage. "And you," she said quietly to Ginny, who startled a little, "don't let those boys stop you from flying."Ginny grinned. "I won't. You try to find out what's happening at Hogwarts this year?""Of course." Calla laughed, hugging Ginny quickly and then turning to Hermione, then Mrs Weasley. "I'll see you on the train?""We'll owl you about when we're going to get there," Mrs Weasley told Remus. "See if we can meet to get them on the train.""That'd be great," Remus said with a grin."Right now," Sirius said, stepping forward. "You both know how the Floo works? Just say what I say."Calla nodded, dragging her trunk along nearer to the fireplace. Sirius dropped the Floo powder into the fire and said loudly, "Seventeen Collie Hill." In a flash, he was engulfed by the green flames.Harry went in next with his trunk, holding Hedwig tightly as she still squirmed in her cage. "Can you take Matilda?" Calla asked Remus, trying to figure out how to hold everything.He smiled tightly, and took the cat, who hissed at him. "Thanks so much again," Calla said, addressing all the Weasleys, as she stepped into the warm Floo fire with her trunk and Moony in her cage and said, "Seventeen Collie Hill!"There was that awful feeling of being squashed, and shoved from wall to wall, though she was pleasantly warmed when she stopped, stepping as elegantly as she could out of the fire, trailing her trunk beside her. Moony squawked loudly in indignation and flapped her wings sharply. "Simmer down, simmer down," Calla told her, chuckling as she moved out the way of the fireplace, and took the opportunity to look around.The flat was nice. It didn't look super Wizard-y at first, but it also wasn't very Dursley-like at all, which she appreciated. The sofas were both dark brown with red throws over them, and through in the dining room was a dark wood table and sideboard. The place looked quite empty, but in a tank at the side of the wall, Calla spotted Remus' grindylow and grinned. On one wall hung a large cuckoo clock, ticking with four brightly coloured hands, and out the window Calla could see a garden, not neatly trimmed as the Dursleys' had been, but uneven and grassy and with wild bushes sprouting along by the fence."You kept the grindylow!" she said as Remus came out of the fireplace. He grinned at her."Well, I couldn't very well abandon him now could I?"Matilda leapt out of Remus' arms with a hiss, and scrabbled over to Calla, pawing at her ankle aggressively. "I don't think cats tend to like me very much," Remus said, as Calla bent down to take Matilda, balancing Moony on the arm of the sofa."I think it's the Floo she doesn't like," she said, cuddling Matilda. "Don't worry girl, it's alright.""James could never stand cats," Sirius said with a laughing look in his eye. "Until Lily came along; she loved hers, wild little thing it was. James couldn't very well not like it.""I love cats," Calla said defensively, stroking Matilda. "They're much cuter than dogs."Remus made a sound that was somewhere between a cough and a splutter, and Sirius looked at her with his mouth open in silent indignation. Feeling quite pleased, Calla beckoned Matilda up to rest on her shoulder and held her fingers up for her to lick gently. "I'll show you two your room," Remus said. "We're working on the magic to add more space, but you're together for now, if that's alright.""Well, yeah," Harry said, grinning. "Course it is."They went through to the other rooms, Calla still dragging her trunk with Moony's cage held tightly in her other hand. Sirius seemed to have taken Harry's trunk for him, and Remus held the door open for them. She stopped in the doorway, looking around."It's purple," Harry said bluntly."Well, we didn't want to go either red or blue," Remus said. "So, purple."Calla grinned at Harry, who still looked faintly surprised. She bounced on the balls of her feet, peering over her brother's shoulder. "I love purple.""And if you come into the garden," Remus said, as they dropped their trunks. Calla frowned as she followed him out, through the kitchen's back door and then-"Buckbeak!"A grin split her face and she jumped up and down. Buckbeak turned his head up to her and she bowed hastily, receiving one in return before she ran over to the Hippogriff, excitement brimming. "Oh, Buckbeak, how are you?" She stroked his feathers gently, grinning back at Remus, Sirius and Harry clustered in the doorway. "I can't believe you managed to bring him here!""Well, we've got wards up, and he was most obliging. Though I daresay someone will have to take him out for a flight at some point.""That should probably be Harry," she said quickly. "Or you. I'm... I'm not very good at flying on things.""Calla's scared of heights," Harry said bluntly."I am not! I just think it's safer to stay on the ground, where I'm in control."Harry looked at her, then to Sirius. "She's scared of heights.""Harry!"Once they'd settled in and unpacked, Calla and Harry went through to the kitchen to sit with Remus and Sirius for lunch. She could tell they were worried, likely not only because of the events at the cup but because of what Harry had written to Sirius, about his dream. They both sat down gingerly, watching Remus and Sirius."I got your letter," Sirius said quietly, looking at Harry, who gulped. "If your scars are hurting, then that's not something to be taken lightly. By either of you," he added, and looked at Calla."You told him about mine, too?" Calla whispered furtively to Harry."Like Sirius said, it isn't something to be taken lightly. Both of our scars hurting has to mean something.""I agree," Remus said grimly. "After Peter got away, I'm afraid there were very few places he would have run.""So you think he went to You-Know-Who?" Remus' agreement made it seem more real in Calla's mind."I think even if he didn't go to him, he went to one of his followers who he thought might protect him. He didn't have many options, and knew we'd try hunting him down.""And are you?" Harry asked abruptly, eyes flicking between the two of them. "Hunting him down?""We've not got many leads," Sirius said slowly, "but we are trying it. Not just for what he did - he's scared, and scared men are capable of terrible things." Like bringing the Dark Lord back to life."I just don't know why Harry's scar hurts," Calla said. "I mean, mine hurts when I have visions, which doesn't make much sense anyway, and Harry's seems to hurt when ... He's around. But he's not now. Not physically anyway.""That's something we don't know," Remus said tiredly. "Which we might never know. If this happens again, you two know to tell us, don't you? And if you have any sort of lead, or anything that you think might be to do with Voldemort or Peter... You can speak to both of us.""Yeah," Calla said quietly. She still didn't know how to put into words her thoughts on all her recent visions and readings. She couldn't even really organise it in her head, and when she tried to write things out on paper she just got frustrated."Voldemort could be on the move now," Sirius said."He's in a house," Calla told them. "Don't know where, but he's got a place.""That isn't much," Remus sighed. "He could have moved.""No," Harry said slowly. "No, in my dream he said he was weak. And he said Petttigrew couldn't leave him." He glanced up, and Calla blinked at him. She was fairly certain he hadn't mentioned that part before."Then we have to find out where they are," Sirius said. "Before he's strong enough to move again. Or to make a move."XxCalla gnawed on the end of her pencil absently at the kitchen table, having finished her breakfast. There was a blackbird sitting on the windowsill, and she was trying to capture its likeness before it flew away. Birds were always interesting to her, because of their feathers, and the way they caught the light to create a whole host of different colours. Sirius was cleaning dishes at the sink - which would have been amusing had Calla not already been so wrapped up in drawing - Remus was working on some job applications through in the living room, and Harry was drinking the last of his tea.He swilled the dregs around quietly and then just as Calla went to try and shade the underneath of the birds's wings, pushed his teacup across the table to her. She sighed, glancing up, as the blackbird flitted off. "I was drawing that," she muttered, setting her sketchbook aside as she drew the teacup to her. She turned it slowly, eyes keen to catch on the shapes... A broom... A cup... An eye... A fish... "Positive," she said chirping, passing the teacup back. "Broom, cup, eye, and fish.""What does it mean?"She shrugged. "Cup could be fortune... Eye clarity... I don't know about the broom. Fish are sometimes associated with wisdom, which you could do with." Harry flashed her a glare and she grinned. "Okay, maybe not. They can also mean change and adaptability." Perhaps he would be needing that, soon enough."What's this?" Sirius called from the sink, where he was elbow deep in dishwater. Calla wondered why he didn't just use magic, but maybe there was something satisfying about manual washing."Calla's reading my tea leaves," Harry told him."My Inner Eye must be polished with regular practice to absorb the clairvoyant vibrations," she said, imitating Trelawney with a mischievous grin, and Harry chuckled."Yeah, what she just said.""I never did well in Divination. Think Dumbledore was on the verge of chucking the subject altogether by the time we left.""Well I'm glad he didn't," said Calla. "It's my best subject.""And my worst," Harry said with a scowl."You just need to work at it a bit more," Calla told him cheerfully. "Be more open to it.""I am open to it. It just isn't open to me."She rolled her eyes. "He and Ron just make everything up.""Sorry we can't all be Seers, Calla.""I never said it was a bad thing," she said lightly. "Actually, it can be quite funny.""I was thinking we could go into Diagon Alley today," Remus said from the living room, glancing up from the papers spread around him. "You two still need your school things."Calla nodded quickly. "It says we need dress robes!" She'd never worn dress robes, but she'd sen Daphne's before and they looked lovely, and whatever occasion required them she was sure would be great fun."Yeah." Harry wrinkled his nose. "I don't know what to get.""We'll find you something," Sirius assured him. "What time can you set off at, Remus?""Give me a couple more hours," Remus said distractedly. He flicked some parchment onto the coffee table with his wand."We still have to finish that Potions essay," Calla said, looking at Harry, who rolled his eyes."I've written all I can," he grumbled. "But apparently I've still got six inches to write.""Don't blame me," Calla said, ruffling her hair as she got up. "Snape's the one who set the homework."They set off for Diagon Alley in the afternoon, Calla wearing her favourite robes for the occasion. She felt like skipping as they headed through the Leaky Cauldron, though she could sense, too, that Sirius was rather on edge. He hadn't exactly been out in public much since the trial, and people were still wary. She watched as Remus whispered something to him, and he nodded tightly, something nervous flickering in his eyes. Harry, as usual, appeared to be oblivious.They headed first to Gringotts bank, which was at the very end of the Alley. She could feel dozens of pairs of eyes watching them, and whispers following at the sides of storefronts. It was a very strange feeling, knowing people were watching as you did something as mundane as school shopping. The goblins in the bank at least didn't seem to care, though the journey to the vault wasn't any more pleasant than usual. She was very glad when they stepped back into the sunlight again."I'd say we go to Madam Malkin's first," Remus said. "And I daresay the two of you need new school robes, too." He was looked at Calla as he said this, and she looked down. Even these robes were getting a bit short for her."You're probably right," she agreed with a frown, and they set off back down towards Madam Malkins.She knew there were four robes shops in Diagon Alley, with the other three being Twilfitt and Tafflings, Worldly Wizardwear where she'd gotten her casual robes last year, and Chapman's. Madam Malkin's was convenient because that was wear they got Hogwarts robes, but even if she didn't find any dress robes in there, Calla knew she had plenty of options.There was no one else in the robe shop when they entered, which Calla thought was probably a good thing, because that meant there were no other customers to gawk at Sirius, who was already looking rather uncomfortable. Madam Malkin came bustling out towards them, with a smile on her face that didn't dare to falter when she saw Sirius. "In for Hogwarts robes are you?" she asked Harry and Calla. "I'll get you measured up in a jiffy. And will you be needing dress robes too?" They nodded. "There's a selection just through there." She pointed behind her, where Calla could see a rack just poking out from behind a wall. "I'll get you measure up first, dearie."Calla went through with her, sitting awkwardly on the stool as Madam Malkin measured her with various tapes that flicked around her. She watched them until she went cross eyed, and then glanced over to the wall where the dress robes were hanging. She could already see various fabrics, in a whole load of styles and colours, and there was one she saw with a bodice covered in sequins. "There you are," Madam Malkin said suddenly, and Calla hopped down. "On you go and have a look at the dress robes."She went over quietly as Harry was ushered in to be measured. There was a really gorgeous set of silky dress robes in a pale silvery blue, which she picked up, along with a satiny violet set, one in pale pink with a lot of frills, and a set of robes in a sapphire-like colour, which had sequins over the bodice. While Harry was still being fitted, she slipped into the dressing room. She didn't know what to do with the dress robes, but they hung themselves up along the wall in a neat row.The first Calla wanted to try was the pink, which was more sort of chiffon underneath with lots of ruffles and frills, and a silk robe over it. She changed carefully, and tried to lace the back as best she could. It still fell weirdly on her body, and honestly, was a bit too frilly for her liking. With the overrobe it did look a bit better, but the feeling of the silk over the chiffon was odd on her arms, so she went to change into the blue robes instead. They fitted much nicer, the under-dress made of sapphiric satin, held in at the waist by a belt of blue sequins, while more, smaller sequins and little stones ran over its thick straps over the shoulders. The robes to go over it were a slightly deeper shade of blue, and made of velvet, with a silver on her waist to pull the two sides together. It was gorgeous, she thought, but it was also a very strong colour, and against her pale skin, it did feel like it drowned her a little.The violet robes were much the same, just too strong in colour against her body, but the paler robes... Well, Calla thoughtas she looked at herself in the mirror. They were lovely. They had very few sequins and sparkles, at the top of the bodice and at the neckline, which led into a soft chiffon bodice, and a silk fabric belt which separated it from a long silk skirt that looked blueish in the light. Over it went a longer, pure silver robe, with deep pockets at the side and more studded silver stones along the shoulders. And it looked soft and just right on her. With her hair held back a bit, and maybe teased into gentler curls... Calla smiled. She would have even said she looked pretty.She changed back quickly, and held the silvery robes carefully. She placed the other robes back in their racks before going back out to where Remus, Sirius and now Harry (who looked a bit grumpy) were standing at the front of the shop. "Ah," said Madam Malkin cheerfully. "You've chosen."She nodded, and Madam Malkin took the robes for her. "Oh, I do like these ones," she said. "And they fit right?"Calla nodded. "They're perfect.""Good, good." Madam Malkin smiled as she ran her wand over the robes, and then handed over another bag with the familiar Hogwarts robes inside. "Sixteen galleons exactly for the dress robes, dear, and three galleons for the Hogwarts robes.""I'll get it," Sirius said, stepping forward before Calla could count the money out. She looked up at him, startled."No, it's fine," she told him. "I can get it.""Consider it a late Christmas present from last year. I never-""It's fine," Calla said briskly, and Madam Malkin raised her eyebrows as she counted out the galleons, handing them over. It was expensive, but she'd prepared for that when they went to Gringotts, and she wanted to buy her own dress robes. "Really.""Thank you, dear," said Madam Malkin, even as Sirius frowned. She waved her wand and the dress robes slid neatly into the same bag as the Hogwarts robes, and it was sealed at the top before she handed it to Calla.As they left, Harry asked her in a whisper, "What was that about?""What?""With Sirius. He was trying to be nice.""I know that, Harry, but I can buy things for myself. And these are special." He opened his mouth but she cut him off sharply. "What robes did you get anyway?""I didn't really know what to," he admitted, "so I got these ones Madam Malkin picked out. They're green, but they look alright and apparently they'll go with my eyes."Calla made a humming noise. "I can see that."The next things they needed were extra Potions ingredients, which they picked up quickly, some broom polish for Harry's Firebolt, some cat food for Matilda and owl treats for Hedwig and Moony. Harry had to drag Calla away from the cats section of the Magical Menagerie, as there were some very cute cats there that Calla couldn't help but adore. "You've already got two pets," he told her."Didn't you see their faces?" she replied indignantly. "They were adorable!"Last, they went into Flourish and Blotts, where they had to pick up their new textbooks for class. Calla also got a couple of new books about Divination and Ancient Runes which looked interesting, though Harry said he didn't quite get the appeal. "You wouldn't," she said shortly.The final few days of the holiday were spent at the flat, Harry doing some limited flying in the warded garden, as Calla splitting her time between reading and drawing, once all of her Summer work was finished. It was one of the happiest holidays she'd had, around the flat with her brother and Remus and Sirius. It also helped that Sirius had an interest of his own in Ancient Runes, and was more than willing to give his input when Calla didn't quite understand something she was reading. She was a little bit grudging to accept his help, but couldn't deny it either, and honestly, he was quite helpful."The Ogham Runes were always tricky," he said. "I remember when we were learning it and I couldn't wrap my head around all the lines and placements, or what they were supposed to mean. You've got a better handle on it than most of us did at your age."Calla just shrugged. "It makes more sense than Transfiguration ever has," she told him.He paused a moment before he spoke. "You know, when we were trying to become Animagus, it always helped if we could imagine the end product. Course, we didn't know what we'd turn into for a while, until the transformation had already been partially successful. But once we did, and we could imagine it, it became a lot easier. The idea ou have in your head of result, tends to help make that result a reality.""I know," Calla said. "I do try, you know. It just doesn't work out very well." She shrugged. "I'm not good at magic, but that's okay. I'm alright at Runes and my Divination's my best subject. Just as long as I can pass O.W.L.s in the things I don't like, it's fine."She stood up then, headed back to her and Harry's room. In truth, she knew passing her O.W.L.s wasn't going to be her main issue in the future. She'd have to have a handle on magic, especially Defense. She had had a vision the day before, of a room shattered and raining glass, of screaming and cursing and duelling. She was there, too. A slightly older version of herself, but not very much older. She'd been hurt. It wasn't good enough to just pass classes; danger was coming, coming for her and Harry, and she had to be better if she was to face it. She just didn't know how to be.Still. She had time. She had to have time, she told herself. This year, hopefully, would be a quiet year for her, and she could get on with learning. If it was a quiet year, which she doubted. Her other vision had been short, but she'd seen Dumbledore announcing something; a Triwizard Tournament, which she supposed was exactly what it sounded like. She hadn't mentioned that to anyone, and was fairly certain it was the thing Percy had been trying to hold over them while she was at the Weasleys and the cup. If he came to see his siblings off and she met him on the platform, then Calla would take great delight in casually mentioning it to him.But as long as she wasn't involved, which she certainly didn't plan to be, then she would get on with her classes in peace. And, if possible, try and stop Voldemort from actually coming back. All in a year's work, she thought bitterly.The start of term came around quickly, as it so often did. Both Calla and Harry were running about daft trying to get all their things together before they went onto the Hogwarts Express, both still eating breakfast as they packed the last of their clothes and school supplies.They'd managed to get everything in the right trunks, and clattered through to the living room with them. Moony was swooping around the flat agitatedly, and Matilda was watching him carefully, leaping up every so often as if to try and get a grip of his wing feathers, but she was entirely unsuccessful. "You two sure you've had enough to eat?" Remus fussed, as Sirius went out to feed Buckbeak before they headed for the train station."We're fine," Calla said, skipping through to the garden. She wanted to see Buckbeak too, before she wanted. She bowed gently and then went to stroke his feathers.Sirius held out his hand and she frowned, before realising he had some of Buckbeak's food in his hand. Calla smiled as she took it, holding her own hand out for Buckbeak to nibble from. He nipped at her when he was finished, great eyes blinking back at her. "I'm going to miss you," she told him quietly. "You're a sweet little Hippogriff."Buckbeak let out a small, cheerful sound and turned his head to lean into her hand. Calla giggled. "I'll see you when I'm back for the holidays." Buckbeak blinked his large eyes, and let out a low whining sound. She sighed at him. "I wish I could take you to Hogwarts. But you'll be very happy here, won't you?" Her eyes cut to Sirius, who was smiling, and she drew back from Buckbeak. "Be a good Hippogriff, won't you?"Buckbeak gave a movement like a sharp nod, and Calla smiled at him gently before she turned to go back in. Moony fluttered over to land on her head just as she ducked inside the door, and she grinned. "Let's get you settled in your cage, yeah?" Moony gave an indignant squawk. "I know, I know, but you'll be able to go wherever you want once we get to Hogwarts."It took five minutes more to convince Moony to get into the cage, in which time Matilda had managed to knock over Hedwig's cage, with her in it, which Harry and Hedwig were both very unpleased about. "Sorry," Calla said, holding Matilda up to look at her. "That wasn't very nice of you, was it, Mattie?"Matilda widened her eyes innocently and flicked her tail. Calla grinned, chuckling a little bit; it wasn't like she could be annoyed at her cat for any real length of time. "The taxi's waiting," said Remus, as he and Sirius both came inside. "Come on, we've got a tight schedule."The taxi was a bit of a tight squeeze as they settled in, the two trunks only just jammed into the boot. Harry and Calla both had their owls resting on their laps, and Matilda was with Remus, which she didn't look particularly pleased about. The journey to King's Cross wasn't too long, though the traffic did get bad, as it always did in London. Soon enough they were making their way through the station towards the barrier between Platforms Nine and Ten. Calla went through first with Remus, who was still holding a whining Matilda. They were rather conspicuous as a pair, not least because Moony insisted on hooting loudly at everyone who went near them, but then Calla turned around on Platform Nine and Three Quarters and found herself unable to keep from beaming.The Hogwarts Express stood before her, gleaming proud and scarlet as ever, belching steam. "Calla!" Hermione's voice shouted, and she turned just as she, Ginny and Ron came through the crowd. Harry appeared behind her, and went running over to them with a grin."We're going to find a compartment," Ron said cheerfully, as Pigwidgeon shrieked loudly in his cage. "Come on. Hiya, Sirius, Remus."They both nodded at Ron, grinning. "We'll be back in a minute," Harry said to them, as Matilda jumped out of Remus' arms to sit on top of a disgruntled Moony's owl cage."Mum's just over there," Ron said, pointing vaguely to the crowd. Calla didn't think that was very helpful, but Sirius and Remus both set off in that direction, and the children set off towards the Hogwarts Express, lugging their things on board. Ginny disappeared somewhere down the train to see her friends, and Calla kept her eyes peeled for Daphne and Padma as they went along. "This one's empty," said Ron, hauling his trunk inside. "Are you sitting with us, Calla?""Obviously," she said, shoving her own trunk in behind him. "We'll find Daphne and Padma in a minute."Once they'd stowed their stuff away, they hopped down back onto the platform, to where Remus, Sirius and Mrs Weasley were waiting with Bill and Charlie. "You know, I might be seeing you all sooner than you think," Charlie said, as he hugged Ginny goodbye."Why?" asked Fred keenly, popping up behind Calla. "'Lo, Moony, Padfoot.""You'll see," said Charlie. "Just don't tell Percy I said anything.""What, about the Triwizard Tournament?"Charlie and Bill both turned to look at her sharply. "How'd you know about that?"She grinned in response. "Magic," Calla told them, as she quickly hugged Remus in a goodbye, and then smiled at Sirius, nodding her head."You're kidding?" Fred was saying. "You are kidding, right?""Afraid I can't say anything," Bill said, sticking his hands in his pockets. "But who knows, I met get some time off... Come and see a bit of it.""So it is!" Ron said. "How come Calla gets to know and you wouldn't even tell us?""No one told me," Calla said lightly. Just then, the whistle blew sharply, and Mrs Weasley started to usher them all on board."Quickly, now," she said, as Calla gave her godfather one last hug, beamed at Sirius and the Weasleys, and hopped up onto the train."I'd say I'll see you at Christmas, but I expect you might want to stay at Hogwarts, what with... One thing and another.""What, is it happening over the holidays?""You'll be told everything soon enough," Mrs Weasley said. "Hurry on, Ron. Oh, it's all going to be very exciting - mind you, I am glad they've changed the rules, aren't you, Remus?""What rules?" Fred asked, wrinkling his nose."Never you mind. On you go, on you go."Calla rolled her eyes and gave Remus and Sirius great big grins, before she retreated inside the train and made her way back to their compartment. She happened across Terry on the way and waved at him. "Seen Daphne and Padma anywhere?" she asked, and he shook his head."Dunno. I think I saw Parvati Patil further that way though.""Thanks," she said, and was about to go on when Terry took her arm gently. She blinked up at him."Did you, er, have a good Summer?" he asked, quite quickly."Uh, yeah," she said awkwardly. "It was nice, but I'm excited to see everyone again. What about you?""Yeah," he said bracingly. "It was... Good." Calla blinked at him. "Right. Yeah. See you later then." As he hurried on, leaving Calla to stare after him, quite befuddled."What was that about?" Harry asked, catching up to her, and she shrugged."Dunno, just Terry." They went back into their compartment and Calla gathered up Matilda before she headed along to where Terry had indicated Parvati was, looking in.The door was open, so she just poked her head around, grinning at Parvati, Lavender, Seamus and Dean, who were all gathered there. "Hey," she greeted. "Parvati, do you know where Padma and Daphne are?"Parvati shrugged. "They said they were going to find you, but I'm guessing they haven't. They went that way though." She nodded her head back down the train the way Calla had just come, and Calla sighed."Thanks. I'll see you guys later."She shut the door gently behind her, heading along, as Malfoy's drawling voice floated out of a nearby compartment. "...Father actually considered sending me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know. He knows the Headmaster there, you see. Well, you know his opinion of Dumbledore, the man's such a Mudblood-lover, and Durmstrang doesn't let in that sort of riff raff. But Mother didn't like the idea of me going to a school so far away. Father says Durmstrang takes a far more sensible line about the Dark Arts than Hogwarts does. Durmstrang students actually learn them, not just the defensive nonsense we do.""There you are, Calla," called a voice, and Calla startled as she turned round."Daphne! Padma!""We've been trying to find you," said Padma, hugging her quickly. "When did you get here? Were you running late again?""When have we ever been running late?" Calla said, grinning as she hugged Daphne back, too. "How are the two of you? What - were you there at the cup?"Daphne nodded grimly. "Mum and Dad apparated the four of us out as soon as they realised what was going on, but they took Izzy and Astoria first. We saw some of it... Those Muggles." She shuddered. "It was horrid.""Were you alright?" Padma asked gently. "We didn't see you anywhere, though we wanted to look, but the - the Prophet said someone sent up the Dark Mark. Mum told me... What it meant.""I'm fine," she said thickly. "We saw them, whoever did it, but they scarpered before we could get a proper look."Padma and Daphne both looked horrified. "You were near them? Merlin, Calla! You should have written us to tell us!""I'm telling you now," she said, lowering her voice as a gaggle of second years went past them. "I didn't want to put all of it in a letter. And that's not all. You know my visions... I've been having more of them.""Come on," Daphne said quietly, tugging her hand. "There's an empty compartment we put our stuff in - where's Harry and the others?""Just along there," Calla told her, pointing. "I'll get back to them later."They went along and settled in the empty compartment, Calla tucking her legs under her as Matilda went to walk around on the floor, sniffing at the bottom of the door. "Where is Izzy?" she asked."With Sue and Mandy," Daphne said. "And we saw Lisa, Michael and Anthony going to meet them earlier, too, no idea where Terry is.""I bumped into him earlier," said Calla. "When I was looking for you two. He was a bit weird, actually." Daphne and Padma exchanged a glance. "What?""Nothing," Daphne said lightly. "What's this about your visions, then?"So she explained everything that she'd seen, and when she was done the girls were both staring at her. "So he's really coming back?" Padma asked. "Calla, have you told Dumbledore?""I'm sure he's already figured it out.""Tell him anyway," she said. "He'll need to know what you've seen.""But... What's he going to do?" Daphne asked. She'd gone very pale. "The - You-Know-Who, what's he going to do?""What do you think?" Padma said."But... He's dead. How... How's he going to do it?""I don't know," Calla said. "But I know he's going to. I can feel it and - and I'm scared." She looked down at her hands, clasped tightly in her lap, terrified words brimming on her tongue. "He'll kill Harry, if he can.""Don't say that," Daphne told her quietly. She was shaking her head slowly, and wouldn't meet anyone's gaze."Well, when we get back to Hogwarts, we'll tell Dumbledore. He must have an idea of something to do about it. He was always the one who could stand up to him, you know. If anyone can stop him from coming back, it's him.""I'm not sure he can," Calla admitted quietly. "I feel like... I don't know." It had never been Dumbledore who stopped Voldemort in first year, or Tom Riddle in second year. It had been them, her and Harry and their friends, and last year she'd been the one to capture Pettigrew, to save Sirius. He'd left it to them. But surely, she reasoned with herself, she wouldn't leave this to them, too. "I will speak to him, though. I expect we'll have our Occlumency classes again. Not that I'll be able to do anything, but you know, at least I'll be there.""Oi!" They turned around, to see Isobel leaning in the doorway with a grin, her hair even redder than Calla remembered as it fell across her shoulder. "That's where you've all got to. We've all got this big compartment together, but no one knew where you lot were. Your brother's looking for you, too, Calla.""I'll pop in on him," she said, getting up. She and Padma both looked at Daphne, who startled before she met their eyes."Are you coming?""Oh, yeah, course," she said, shaking out her curls. "Sorry. Lead the way, Izzy."Calla popped her head around the door of the other compartment to tell Harry she was off to sit with the Ravenclaws for a bit, and then they went down the other end of the train, where they found a very full, very loud compartment. Sue and Lisa were trying to paint each other's nails in one corner, while Michael, Mandy and Terry argued loudly about Quidditch, and Anthony was reading a grey cover book called 'The Origins of Magic'. They glanced up as the girls arrived, waving, though Lisa only gave a shrug of the shoulders, as the nail polish she was wearing was still wet."You found them then?" Mandy said cheerfully, scooting over so there was room for everyone to squeeze in."This is a bit tight," Michael said."It'd be less tight if you moved your massive feet," Anthony sniped, and Michael scowled as he took them off of the seat where they had been resting next to Anthony. Calla managed to sit between Terry and Padma, with Daphne and Isobel opposite her. Matilda jumped up to sit half on her lap and half on Terry's, which Terry seemed a bit torn about."What do you think about Quidditch this year?" Mandy asked them. "Michael still thinks we're going to win.""Of course we're going to win," Isobel said, jutting out her chin. "Last year was a fluke.""We only won one match," Mandy said. "If you ask me, everyone was too caught up in that victory to focus on really using the momentum.""Thing is," Calla put in, "no one's going to beat Harry as a Seeker. The Firebolt's too fast, and he's to good." She shrugged. "It's a bit unfair actually.""Cho would beat him anytime if she had a better broom," Michael said, nodding like he was agreeing with Calla. "I think they should put regulations on it, you know, even the odds.""I agree," said Mandy. "It's not fair if someone using a Cleansweep Seven has to go against someone using a Firebolt in a race for the Snitch. The Firebolt will win every time, regardless of the skill of the player. Potter is brilliant anyway," she added, with a nod in Calla's direction, "but the Firebolt makes him totally unbeatable. Course, maybe Ravenclaw'd have a better chance anyway if Davies let any other girls try out.""Someone said that apparently Cho was the only girl he said he'd let on the team," Michael told them all."Because he fancies her," said Lisa loudly."And because she's brilliant," Sue said, glancing up. "But she shouldn't be the only one allowed to try out, I don't think."As the conversation went further into Quidditch drama, Calla decided to take out her book instead, flicking to the right chapter. This one was The Chocolate War, a recommendation from Mairi before Calla left. Terry glanced over her shoulder interestedly, and she turned towards him with a smile, frowning when he looked steadfastly away. She ignored that, going back to her book and only occasionally contributing to the conversation as it turned to everyone's hatred for their Potions Summer work, then History of Magic, then Ancient Runes and then to mentions of something happening at Hogwarts this year."Mum won't even tell me," Michael moaned. "And I heard Marietta Edgecombe saying earlier that she knew what it was but she wouldn't tell anyone, how annoying's that?""It's the Triwizard Tournament," Calla said, looking up and blinking innocently.Everyone stared at her for a moment. "No it is not!"Lisa said, mouth falling open. "You're serious? How do you know?""Saw it," she said."What, like Divination?" Terry asked."Sort of. I see things at times, and I saw Dumbledore announce it." This didn't seem like much of a bombshell for her fellow Ravenclaws, actually, though perhaps they were just reeling from the knowledge that the Triwizard Tournament was going to be happening. "But I don't really know what the Triwizard Tournament is.""It's only one of the oldest international wizarding traditions!" Sue cried, looking up. "It was banned years ago, because of deaths associated with it.""Deaths?" Terry's eyes widened. "And they're doing this at Hogwarts?""If Calla's right," Mandy said."I am.""You never told us that bit earlier," Daphne grumbled."Well, it wasn't as important as... The other stuff.""What other stuff?" Michael asked, but she ignored him."Why would they be having this thing at Hogwarts, though?""Well, it's always played at one of the three schools," Lisa explained. "Hogwarts, Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. We're lucky it's here; we'll all get to enter then, if we want.""Would you enter?" Padma asked, furrowing her brow."Probably," Lisa said with a shrug. "Wouldn't you?""I would," Daphne told them unabashedly. "The winner's meant to get eternal glory and all of that. I think that'd be quite nice.""Even if there's been deaths in the past?" Padma said.Daphne shrugged. "Well, I just wouldn't die, then."Calla rolled her eyes, leaning back. "I won't be entering. I just want a nice, quiet year to focus on my studies.""Good luck with that one, Potter," Lisa chirped."Yeah, I'm sure something'll come along to get you into trouble," said Anthony."Well, it had better not," Calla said firmly.The train went on as the rain outside got heavier. The trolley witch came around for lunch, and it was an awful rabble as everyone tried to clamber over each other towards her. Calla had reached out for a pumpkin pasty and chocolate frog, just at the same time as Terry stood up to try and get something, and they both went crashing down on top of a flailing Daphne. Face bright red, Calla got back to her feet, clutching Terry's arm. The trolley witch gave them a very disapproving look and clicked her tongue as she handed over the food, and Calla day back down next to Terry - who was even redder than her - with her cheeks flaming.Daphne and Padma were giggling at each other, and Calla shot them a glare to shut them up. She didn't know what was so funny about her moment of clumsiness, but it seemed to be something.Once they'd eaten, Calla decided to go back to Harry, Ron and Hermione. Ten people crammed into one compartment did mean it got very warm, despite the torrential weather outside. But when they got along to the other compartment, she found the doorway already to be blocked. Malfoy popped his head out from where he stood between Crabbe and Goyle. "Ah, Greengrass. Come to join us?""Not you," Daphne said coolly, tossing her hair. "I hope you're not bothering Harry.""Of course not," Malfoy said with a glint in his eye. "I wouldn't dream of it. We were just taking a look at Weasley's dress robes."Indeed, Calla realised he was holding some sort of maroon fabric, which had a lot of lace on it. She poked her head over the top of Daphne's by standing on her tiptoes and glared at Malfoy."Well you can give them back now, if you're done looking," Padma said, and Malfoy scoffed, throwing them back into the compartment."Like I'd want to hold anything of Weasley's for too long," he said. "Probably get fleas.""Eat dung, Malfoy," Ron said from inside their compartment."So... going to enter then, Weasley... bring a little bit of glory to the family name... I hear there's money involved in the prize, too... you'd be able to afford some decent robes with that."Ron said something very rude to Malfoy then, and he just laughed. "Are you hearing this, Daphne? Awfully foul mouth you've got, Weasley. Then again, I don't suppose your family can afford much soap.""Draco," Daphne said tensely, looking very annoyed indeed. "Leave him alone.""Looking out for Weasleys now are we, Daphne?" Malfoy tutted. "And defending a blood traitor, Sirius Black? What did Mummy and Daddy think of that?"Daphne floundered for a moment. "My father voted with us," she told him coldly. "Now go away.""Just making conversation," he said, smirking as he turned, and let Crabbe and Goyle lead the way away, pushing the girls to the side.Daphne gave a frustrated huff once they were out of earshot, and flopped down into the compartment, which also held Neville Longbottom along with Harry, Ron and Hermione. "He's been a right bastard," Daphne said bitterly, yanking a book from her bag. Calla looked at her curiously. "Ever since I... Well." She tossed her hair. "Don't pay attention to him, Ron. He's just trying to rile you up.""Yeah," Ron huffed, stuffing his dress robes back into his trunk.As it happened, he remained in a terrible mood for the entire journey, and Hermione didn't do anything except read the Standard Book of Spells, Grade Four and try to teach herself to do a Summoning Charm. Calla watched her curiously for a while, but she mainly just muttered under her breath and flicked her wand about.No one actually spoke much, and Padma went to see Parvati before the train pulled in, leaving a silent Hermione and a glowering Ron with the others. They were all still quiet as they got changed into their robes, and as the Hogwarts Express pulled into the dark station. Thunder rumbled above them as they stepped of the train, and Calla took care to bundle Matilda tightly in her cloak; she hated the rain.She kept her head bent as they hurried through the rain towards the school carriages in an attempt to keep it off of her glasses. But the rain was very determined, seeming to come down in buckets more than drops, and she was shivering by the time they clambered into a carriage. "I wouldn't like to be crossing the lake in this weather," said Hermione, nodding over to where Hagrid could be seen holding a lantern and guiding the next first years."I bet you one of them falls in," Calla said, squinting at them through the darkness. There was a small lurch, and she grabbed Matilda tightly, as the carriage rumbled and then set off through the puddle covered path towards Hogwarts.

They would have waited for Padma to meet them of the carriage, except it was raining even heavier when they arrived at the castle, and Daphne was shaking. "Let's be quick," Calla told her as they hurried up the steps into the Entrance Hall."Yeah," Ron said, hastening after them. "I'm soak-"Calla pulled him out the way a second before Peeves dropped a water balloon right where he had been standing, and it splashed all over an unsuspecting Slytherin seventh year. "Whoops," she muttered, and Ron grinned, offering his hand out for a high five."Do that again?""You'll have to wait and see," she said, as Harry, Hermione and Neville caught up to the three of them, Hermione looking very bedraggled. Another water balloon fell next to her and she shrieked as the water seeped into her shoes."Peeves!" she shrieked. "Ugh, that stupid Poltergeist.""Whee!" Peeves did a somersault in the air and sped off over to a knot of Hufflepuffs."Peeves! What are you doing?" Calla grinned as McGonagall came down the stairs towards the Entrance Hall, looking very angry."This'll be fun," Daphne whispered, and Calla grinned, hanging back a little so she could watch the confrontation.McGonagall slipped at the foot of the stairs, clutching onto Hermione to stop herself from falling. "Sorry, Miss Granger," she said hastily, "very sorry. Peeves!" She straightened her pointed hat, which had gone a bit askew. "Get down here now!""Not doin nothing!" Peeves cackled, blowing a raspberry at a group of Ravenclaw fifth years just as he dropped a balloon on their heads, causing them to scream and run into the Great Hall. "Already wet, aren't they? Little squirts! Wheeeee!"And he went wheeling off again. Calla rolled her eyes amusedly. Most thought Peeves a menace - and he very much was - but he could also be quite funny if you were in a position to safely watch the chaos he caused without being caught in up yourself.Calla grabbed Daphne's hand with a grin, and set off jumping around the Entrance Hall, dodging the puddles of water and Peeves, who seemed to have noticed her and was trying desperately to hit her. "No fair!" he cackled, as she ducked behind Cedric Diggory, and she grinned up at him, only to get hit full-pelt in the face, water spraying over her glasses.She was stunned for a moment before Daphne burst into laughter, dragging her blindly along and into the Great Hall, where she was shoved into a seat at the Ravenclaw Table so she could take her glasses off. "Let me guess," Padma said, already sitting opposite them. "Peeves?""He hit her right in the face!" Daphne cried, laughing loudly. "You thought you'd gotten off, too.""Yeah, yeah," Calla muttered, grinning as she shook her head and desperately tried to find a dry patch of her robes to wipe her glasses."Here," Terry said, handing over a handkerchief. "It's about the only dry thing in this place.""Thanks," she told him with a smile, taking the handkerchief and wiping the drops of water from her glasses. She held them up to her eyes first before she was satisfied and put them on, handing the handkerchief back to Terry. "Ugh, I'm freezing.""No wonder," Lisa said. She had a blanket over her shoulders. "It's horrid out there, and Peeves is only making it worse.""You lot are weak," Isobel announced, grinning maniacally from behind dripping ginger hair. "Try running into the sea on the first of January. Then you're cold.""Like you've actually done that, McDougal," Michael said, shaking his head. Drops of water sprayed off and hit Daphne, who glared at him. "Sorry.""Boys," she muttered. "You're like dogs, all of you.""Oi!" said Anthony and Terry in indignation.Daphne gave them a withering look. "You've yet to prove otherwise."The boys all looked very offended at this proclamation, and Calla laughed, which quickly turned into her shivering. "Where are those first years?" she said, looking around. "Hurry up so I can get something warm to eat.""You said one of them would probably fall in," Daphne pointed out. "I bet there's been two.""Malfoy's looking drenched," Padma said in a low voice. Calla turned around to look over her shoulder and saw with some satisfaction that Malfoy's platinum hair was in fact plastered to his head, his robes were completely soaked, and he looked very disgruntled about this."Serves him right," Daphne said, running her hands through her hair to sort the tangles. "He was being horrid on the train. I have told him to stop being such an insufferable arsehole, but he doesn't seem to want to listen."Calla grinned at that. "Boys never listen," she said. "Especially not Malfoy.""Do you think he will be entering the Tournament?" Padma asked, leaning over."He wouldn't win," Calla said. "He probably wouldn't even get picked for it.""That's a bit harsh.""You just called him an insufferable arsehole!""Well, yes, but that is true."Calla chuckled softly, shaking her head. "Wonder who will though... They're bound to be announcing it tonight." She glanced up to the High Table, eyes flicking along. McGonagall was likely cleaning up the Entrance Hall, and Hagrid ferrying the first years across the lake. All the usual teachers were accounted for, but... "Anyone heard who the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher is?""No idea," Michael said, as his stomach rumbled loudly. "Probably a vampire." Calla glared at him very hard. "Sorry. Whoever he is, he's probably getting drenched.""Who says the teacher's a he?" Mandy asked loudly, and Michael rolled his eyes."It's neutral, Mandy.""It's not neutral, Michael, it's a specifically gendered pronoun.""It's like mannaz!""It is nothing like mannaz! Do you even know English?""Don't be stupid, Mandy.""They're doing my head in already," Daphne moaned quietly, laying her head on the table in front of her. "And I'm starving."No sooner had she said this than the great oak double doors swung open, and Hagrid stepped in, putting an immediate end to Mandy and Michael's bickering. Hagrid was followed by a gaggle of excited but soaked looking first years, who were all staring around the hall and shivering. The last of the first years was a tiny thing, bundled up Hagrid's massive moleskin coat. "Look at them," Daphne giggled. "Drenched.""What's the betting the one in the coat fell in?" Padma snickered, glancing over."Oh, no odds, that's definite," Calla said, grinning as the little boy waved and shouted something over to the Gryffindor Table, before being hurried along with the rest of the first years. It occurred to her there were quite a few more of them than there had been in her year; she'd estimate maybe sixty to seventy as opposed to their thirty or so.The Ravenclaws all watched quietly as McGonagall placed the Sorting Hat on a rickety sort of stool at the front of the hall. "Gosh, were we ever that small?" Daphne whispered, looking at the first years."You still are," Calla whispered back, grinning, as the Sorting Hat opened its large mouth and began its length song. Calla always enjoyed this part, as the song was different every year and the hat always seemed to have something interesting to say.The Great Hall burst into applause as the Hat finished its song, and Calla grinned along the rest of them, before McGonagall cleared her throat. "Let the Sorting begin," she said clearly, as the hall went quiet. "Ackerley, Stewart."They all peered over curiously as Stewart, a short, nervous looking, dark haired boy with large glasses, went to sit beneath the hat. "Ravenclaw!"Their table cheered as little Stewart took the hat off his head and rushed over, looking rather flushed. "Baddock, Malcolm!" was next, going over to Slytherin amid scattered applause and hissed from the Gryffindor table."Rude of them," Daphne muttered, glaring at the Gryffindor and clapping politely for Malcolm.They all watched on as Eleanor Branstone and Owen Cauldwell both went over to Hufflepuff, amid cheers. Calla caught the eye of Zacharias Smith, and grinned at him. She could tell even sitting down he'd gotten taller over the Summer, and he'd done something with his hair that was... Rather nice looking. She ducked her head down, as her cheeks had suddenly gotten very hot and she was sure she must be blushing. She glanced up next for Emma Dobbs, who was sorted over to their table, taking a seat beside Lucy Beardsley of fifth year, who chatted familiarly with her.Calla caught the two girls looking over at her and smiled tightly, looking determinedly away as "Drake, Ingrid!" went over to Slytherin."Can't they hurry up?" Daphne whispered, tapping the table impatiently. "We're hungry!""I don't exactly think they're trying to take forever, Daphne," Calla replied, and started clapping again as Erin Freeman joined their table. "They're probably hungry too, or sick from too many treats on the train." From the looks of Erin Freeman, who was a little green, it might be the latter."Alright for them, all I got was a squashed pumpkin pasty!""And whose fault was that?""You squashed it!""You-""Shh!" Padma was looking at them, shaking her head. "They're Sorting.""Yeah, Potter," said Lisa, and Calla scowled at her.More and more first years came over to Ravenclaw, the last of whom was Orla Quirke, a tall, curly haired girl who seemed to be bouncing her way along to the table, neither hungry nor queasy as she sat by Emma Dobbs. Calla was by this time growing very envious of those people who had thought to have a decent meal on the train; her stomach rumbled as the final first year was sorted into Hufflepuff.Professor McGonagall whipped the Sorting Hat and its stool away, and everyone in the hall sat up expectantly, looking at Professor Dumbledore, who had gotten to his feet and was smiling out at them. "I have only two words to say to you all," he told them, voice echoing around the hall. Emma Dobbs whispered something to Orla Quirke, looking rather awed. "Tuck in."They all loaded their plates, Calla grinning widely as she helped herself to chicken and Yorkshire puddings. The new students were all staring at their plates, as though uncertain of themselves, and Calla passed the Yorkshire puddings down to a nervous looking boy, who glanced up. "Have one," she called over the din of the table. "They're great."The little first year took a Yorkshire pudding tremulously, Before Calla set it down, trying to stifle a grin. "They're so sweet," Daphne said, nodding back at the first year. "Little squirts.""The Orla girl's taller than you are, Daphne," said Padma, earning herself a glare."She is not. Just because you two have suddenly sprouted!"Calla giggled, tucking into her dinner. On Daphne's other side, Mandy, Lisa and Michael were having a heated argument about the goblin wars, which Calla would have jumped in on had she not been certain she'd end up getting her head ripped off by a very fierce Lisa. Isobel and Sue both seemed to be scribbling the last of their Summer homework down, and Terry and Anthony's heads were bent in a conversation that Calla couldn't hear.All around her was the familiar hum of Hogwarts, the feeling of being at home. She hadn't realised how much she'd missed it until she was back and was certain she wouldn't want to be absolutely anywhere else, even though the roof was thundering and lightning was flashing across the windows. When at last the puddings arrived, even Daphne, who had insisted she was full not two minutes earlier, started to eat with great excitement."This is so good," Isobel said around a mouthful of meringue. Daphne rolled her eyes, eating her cake as daintily as one could."Please shut your mouth," she said, and Isobel grinned further. It was a bit gross. "Heathen," Daphne muttered, flicking her hair."Buzzkill," Isobel said back.When they were all quite full and content, the food vanished from their plates, leaving them sparkling clean, and Professor Dumbledore got to his feet at the front of the hall. The hall went quite in response, and the wind and rain seemed louder still."So!" Dumbledore said, beaming. "Now that we are all fed and watered, I once more ask for your attention so that I can give out some important notices for this year.""Mr Filch, the caretaker, has asked me to tell you that his list of objects forbidden inside the castle has this year been extended to include Screaming Yo-Yos, Fanged Frisbees, and Ever-Bashing Boomerangs. The full list comprises some four hundred and thirty seven items, I believe, and can be viewed in Mr Filch's office if anyone would like to check it." Dumbledore looked like he was trying very hard not to let his amusement show. "As ever, I would like to remind you all that the forest in the grounds is out of bounds to all students, as is the village of Hogsmeade to all students below third year." Calla didn't think there had been any year at Hogwarts in which she hadn't wound up in the Forbidden Forest at some point."It is also my painful duty," Dumbledore continued on, "to inform you all that the inter-house Quidditch cup has been cancelled this year."There was an immediate uproar at this statement. "What?" bellowed Michael, who had been intending to try out for the Ravenclaw Team again this year. "You can't do that!""That's ridiculous!" Cho Chang cried, looking furious."You can't cancel Quidditch!"Dumbledore held a hand up for quiet and the Hall fell silent again. "This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the school year, taking up much of the teachers' time and energy. I am sure that you will all enjoy it immensely. I have great pride in announcing that this year at Hogwarts-"Calla knew what Dumbledore was about to say, but his words were cut off by a great bang as the doors to the Great Hall were flung open. She turned around sharply, to see a man illuminated in the doorway by a flash of lightning, leaning on a large staff and wearing a long, dark travelling cloak. The man lowered his hood to shake out a great mane of dark, grizzly hair, and set off down the length of the hall towards the teachers' table. Calla shivered as he went past the Ravenclaw table; he had one bright blue, fake eye that swivelled around and landed on her uncomfortable. She could feel it linger on her forehead, and ducked her head down quickly so her hair covered the scar."Who the hell is that?" Isobel whispered, as the man limped his way up to the high table, a dull clunking sound echoing through the hall with ever step he took."I don't know," Padma whispered back, frowning.The man reached the top of the table and limped along towards Dumbledore, as another fork of lightning flashed through the Great Hall. Calla stared as the man's face became clear. It looked like it had been carved out of weathered wood, and there was a great pale scar slicing down one side of his face, seeming to tear at his mouth. His nose seemed to have been partially torn off, as there was a very large chunk missing, but the eyes were what made Calla shudder. One was normal, small, dark and beady. The other, on the scarfed side of his face, was fake and an electric blue colour. It swivelled madly around the Hall, jumping from student to student. Then, to Calla's horror, the eye swivelled right back to the back of his head, and all they could see there was white."That's horrifying," Sue said, very quietly.The man reached out a very heavily scarred hand to Dumbledore, shaking it roughly. They spoke a moment in a murmur, and Dumbledore frowned like he was trying to work something out, before nodding with his mouth in a very straight line, and gesturing for the stranger to sit in the seat by his side.He sat down, shaking out his hair, and pulled a large plate of sausages towards the remains of his nose, before spearing it sharply with his knife and beginning. Calla raised her eyebrows. He was definitely a very strange stranger; could he really be the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher? Though his normal eye was fixed upon the sausages, the other, blue one kept swivelling around the hall, taking in each and every student."May I introduce the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher," Dumbledore said brightly into the silent hall. "Professor Moody."So she was right. Calla didn't really know how to respond to this announcement, and no one else was clapping except Professor Dumbledore and Hagrid, she she stayed quiet, glancing at the other Ravenclaws, who all looked rather shellshocked by his bizarre and sudden appearance. Professor Moody, however, seemed like he couldn't have cared less, and reached to his side to drink deeply from a hip flask.Dumbledore cleared his throat again, looking out at them all. "As I was saying," he said, smiling at the sea of students still staring transfixed at Moody, "we at Hogwarts are to have the honour of hosting a very exciting event over the next few months, an event which has not been held for over a century. It is my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament is to be held at Hogwarts this year."There it was. Calla leaned back, grinning as the hall roared into a shocked response."You're JOKING!" Fred shouted, breaking the hall's silence. Everyone started laughing at that, and Dumbledore smiled at Fred with a twinkle in his eye."I am not joking, Mr Weasley," Dumbledore said with a smile, "though now that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the Summer about a troll, a hag and a leprechaun who all go into a bar..."Professor McGonagall cleared her throat and gave Dumbledore a rather stern look. Calla grinned. "Er, but maybe this is not the time - no. Where was I? Ah, the Triwizard Tournament... Well, some of you will not know what this Tournament involved, so I hope that those of you who do know will forgive me for giving a short explanation, and allow their attention to wander freely."The Triwizard Tournament was first established some seven hundred years ago, as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools of Wizardry - Beauxbatons Academy of Magic, the Durmstrang Institute, and ourselves, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. A champion was selected to represent each school and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. The schools took it in turn to host the tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed to be a very excellent way of establishing ties between young witches and wizards of different nationalities - that is, until the death toll mounted so high that the Tournament became discontinued.""Death toll!" Isobel whispered."Potter was right!" Lisa said over the table, looking utterly surprised."Well, obviously, Turpin," Daphne whispered back, beaming."There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the Tournament," Dumbledore continued over the Hall's whispers, "none of which have been very successful. However, our own Departments of International Magical Co-Operation and Magical Games and Sports have decided that the time is ripe for another attempt. They have worked very hard over the Summer to ensure that no champion will find their self in mortal danger." Somehow, the fact that this has to be mentioned, didn't assure her that the Tournament would be entirely safe. "The heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving with their short listed contenders in October, and the selection of three champions will occur on Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which students are most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school, and a thousand galleons of prize money."Eager though I know many of you will be to bring the honour of the Triwizard cup to Hogwarts, the Heads of the participating schools, along with the Ministry for Magic, have agreed that to impose an age restriction on contenders this year. Only students who are of age - that is to say, seventeen years or older - will be allowed to put forward their names for consideration.""WHAT?" Michael shouted, eyes widening."This," Dumbledore said, raising his voice slightly over the outrage of the students, "is a measure we feel is necessary, given that the Tournament tasks will be dangerous and difficult, whatever precautions we take, and it is highly unlikely that students below this age group will be able to cope with them. I will personally be ensuring that no underage student hoodwinked our impartial judge into making them Hogwarts champion." His eyes glittered in the direction of the Gryffindor where the Weasley twins were sitting, outraged but likely already plotting some way to get around the rules. "I therefore beg you not to waste your time submitting your name if you are not yet seventeen.""Like that's going to stop people," Michael whispered across the table."The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving in October, and remaining with us for the rest of the year. I know that you will all extend every courtesy to our guests over the duration of this coming year, and will all give your whole hearted support to the Hogwarts champion when they are selected. And now, it is late, and I know how important it is to you all to be well rested for the first of your lessons tomorrow morning. So, bedtime. Chop chop!""A thousand galleons...""Can't believe you have to be seventeen...""Not fair at all...""Bet we could show up any Beauxbatons students..."Calla kept a grip on Padma and Daphne as they tried to squeeze through the crowds spilling out of the Great Hall towards the dormitories. "There must be some way to get your name in," Daphne was saying, as they headed for one of the passages they knew, avoiding the main squeeze. "Mustn't there?""Not if Dumbledore's the one stopping it," Padma said. "You can't trick Dumbledore.""Yeah," Calla agreed. "Besides, you heard him, people have died. And even if you did get your name submitted, I'm sure they'd have some sort of process to sort at the end to make sure no one under seventeen did get picked in the end.""Suppose," Daphne said, skipping on as they slipped into a tight hidden staircase to take them up to the Ravenclaw Tower Entrance. "But I am fifteen next month anyway, I'm sure I could handle it. It's a shame, I would have liked to have given it a try.""Really?""Well, it's not every day you get that opportunity, is it? And if you were champion you'd get to meet the other school's champions too, and think of all the things you could learn. No one even knows where Durmstrang is, but I'm sure I could get it out of their champion.""Could you really now?" Padma asked, grin tilting her lips."Of course," Daphne said as they stepped slyly out of the passage, crossing over to the Tower. "I can be quite a persuasive person at times, you know, Padma.""I'll believe you if you can persuade the judge to let you in the Tournament," Padma replied, shaking her head as she knocked on the eagle on the door."Only one colour, but not one size,"Stuck on the bottom yet easily flies,"Present in sun but not in the rain,"Doing no harm, and feeling no pain."What is it?"The three of them stared at the door knocker. "Well, I don't know," Daphne said. "A rainbow?""How's a rainbow not present in the rain?" Calla asked, and Daphne flushed."I don't know! Clearly I'm not right anyway.""And it said only one colour-""Right, call off the 'let's insult Daphne' forces!" She threw up her hands in protest. "What does no harm?""Air?" Padma suggested."Unless it's poisoned," Calla pointed out."Stuck on the bottom but easily flies... A shoe?""A shoe?" Daphne asked, incredulously."Well, they do come in a lot of sizes... But not only one colour.""Also, most people do wear shoes in the rain.""Present in sun... I was going to say a shadow, but there are always shadows, even when it's raining. It fits all of the other criteria."Daphne nodded. "They're only one colour but everyone's shadow is a different size and changed size depending on the sun...""Technically shadows can't have a colour," Calla said. "If they're defined as the absence of light, which is what created colour. So it would be more accurate if it were, without any colour."The eagle door knocker sighed and swung open. They all blinked. "I guess we got it right somewhere?" Padma said, going in."Either that or it took pity on you.""On me?""A shoe?" Daphne mimicked, and Calla giggled."Shut up," Padma muttered, grinning as she shoved both their shoulders and set off towards the girls' dormitory. "We got there in the end. It's all part of the thought process, that's what matters.""A shoe?" Calla echoed again, and Daphne cackled, before entering the dorm and throwing herself onto the bed dramatically."I am exhausted," she said suddenly, spread out like a starfish."You've had a very trying day," Padma said wryly, grinning as she went over to her bed, digging her pyjamas out of her trunk."I really have," Daphne told them. "And tomorrow will be horrendous. I just know it.""Get to sleep then," Calla laughed, and Daphne shook her head, sitting up abruptly."Can't. Someone must have an idea on how to get past the judge.""Yeah, and whoever does is definitely going to tell you to increase their competition."Daphne shrugged. "Can't hurt to try, can it?""You three were quick," Isobel said from the doorway, as she sidled in with Lisa, Mandy and Sue. "I swear I thought we were first.""We have our ways," Calla said mysteriously."What about this age limit then?" Mandy said, sitting down. "I think it's ridiculous.""It is ridiculous," said Lisa, scoffing. "Who says we can't do anything seventh years can?""Dumbledore, apparently," said Sue and shook her head. "Still, I suppose he has a point. I wouldn't like to go up against someone three or four years older than me, would you?""All depends on who they are," Lisa said, taking a brush through her hair. "I suspect there are a lot of Gryffindor I could take on easily."She leaned forward into a handmirror, and put on what seemed to be mascara. Calla stared at her. "It's nine o'clock, Lisa," Padma said. "Why are you putting makeup on?""We're going to the boys' dormitory," Lisa told them, pointing at her, Isobel and Mandy."So you're putting makeup on for the occasion?"Lisa's cheeks reddened, and Mandy whispered (not very quietly), "She thinks Michael will like it.""Mandy!" Lisa shouted, as Calla laughed. "Don't laugh, Potter. Just because you don't have anyone who fancies you.""Says who?" Daphne challenged."I'm not laughing at that," Calla told Lisa, grinning sideways at Daphne. "But Michael likes you anyway, Lisa.""Yes, well. We're all growing up now, aren't we? I like a bit of makeup. It makes me seem more awake. Alert.""Birds are alert," Isobel said, and then laughed smally. "Parrots are alert. Owls are alert, why not put Moony up there instead?"Lisa made a disgusted noise. "You're all really not funny, you know!""On the contrary, Lisa," Daphne drawled, "you really don't have a sense of humour.""Oh, shut up!" Lisa snarled, throwing her mirror down onto the bed and yanking her brush through her hair again. She would definitely tear it like that, Calla thought, having experienced Aunt Petunia brushing her own hair harshly many times. When she was younger, she'd always cry when the brush caught a tug - which was often - and Aunt Petunia would scream at her to be quiet and it would only hurt worse when she tried to swallow her sobs. "I'm going like this, no matter what you have to say about it. Come on, you two."Isobel shot Calla and the others a wide grin as she left the dormitory with Lisa and Mandy, who was assuring Lisa that she looked lovely. "Something's got her wand in a knot," Padma said mildly, having changed now into her pyjamas. The three of them looked at Sue expectantly, and she blinked."I don't know what," she said huffily. "Lisa never tells me anything, only Mandy. Or Michael, I suppose. If you ask me, he's started to realise how annoying she is, and he doesn't like it."With that rather unexpected outpouring, she took her pyjamas out of her trunk and stomped over to the bathroom. "Well," said Daphne, smirking up at the ceiling, "if he has only just realised how annoying she is, he's taken his bloody time about it."Laughing gently, Calla went to get changed and then wrote out a quick letter to Remus.That's me just settling down for the night. I was right earlier, the Triwizard Tournament is going to be held at Hogwarts this year. Professor Dumbledore said that students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be visiting - I don't suppose you know much about those schools? I think it'd be really interesting to meet students from other countries, though they'll probably all be older than me anyway. We've also got a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Moody? He's a bit odd, and has this bright blue magic eye that likes to move around a lot. It creeps me out to be honest. Give my best to Sirius and our feathery friend! - CallaThen she stuck her head out of the window and called Moony in. With a flutter of wings and a loud squawk, the owl landed on her bed. "Lisa hates when you do that," said Sue pleasantly, as she tucked herself into bed."Yeah, I know," Calla told her, attaching the letter to Moony's leg. "Take this to Remus for me, boy?"Moony nodded firmly, swept a wing out towards Matilda, and then took off out the window into the night.Author's Note: And Fourth Year officially begins! I am so excited for this year and I really hope you guys enjoy it too! Let me know your thoughts! :)

Everyone was still abuzz about the Tournament by the morning, and Calla couldn't go anywhere without hearing about it. The only topic of discussion that could rival the discussion of the Triwizard Tournament was about the new Professor Moody. "Alison Firhill said her mum says he's the best Auror the Ministry ever had," Lisa told them all as they sat down at the Ravenclaw Table for breakfast."He looks like he's seen a fair bit action," Isobel said hushedly, gesturing to her face. "Did you see him?""I think he's a bit creepy," Calla said, and Sue nodded."Yeah, I don't like his eye.""Ah, timetables!" Mandy said, as Professor Flitwick came around. She took the bundle and handed them out. "No way, we've got Moody first thing.""That'll be interesting," Padma said, taking some toast."How shocking would it be if I said I loved Monday's?" Daphne asked, sliding her timetable over so Calla could see it. She had Defense Against the Dark Arts, Ancient Runes and Potions before lunch like Calla, and then double Muggle Studies in the afternoon when Calla and Padma would have Divination."Don't speak too soon," Calla replied. "There's stil Potions. And we don't know what Moody'll be like.""I think he'll be interesting," Padma said. "Someone like that... We've got that class with the Slytherins, though.""Draco doesn't like him," Daphne told them hushedly. "Moody, well, he doesn't quite believe his dad wasn't... You know.""A Death Eater?" Padma said bluntly, and Daphne winced."Yeah.""Calla!" She turned around, leaning across the aisle towards the Hufflepuff table from where Hannah Abbott had shouted her name. "You've all got Ancient Runes second period, right?""Yeah," Calla called back. "Have you lot?"Hannah nodded, whispering this to Justin and Zach, who both grinned. "Wanted to make sure! How was your Summer?""Good!" Calla called. "Homework wasn't even as bad as I'd thought.""Hope it continues that way," Hannah said."Potter, you're going to fall off your seat like that," said Lisa bluntly, and Calla laughed, sitting up straighter. "And you don't have to shout across the hall.""She's still in a mood then," Daphne whispered, making Calla laugh."When isn't she?"Calla helped herself to a bacon roll, savouring it. She'd missed Hogwarts breakfasts. After breakfast, their group of Ravenclaws all headed eagerly to Defense Against the Dark Arts, talking excitedly about what they thought Moody would be like. Sue and Calla both thought he was rather strange, as did Anthony, but the rest all appeared quite eager to get into class, hence their very early arrival outside. None of the Slytherins had shown up yet, which Calla didn't mind at all."How long will it be until you kick off this time, Potter?" Lisa drawled as they waited outside the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom before their lesson, just as a handful of Slytherins started down the corridor. "October? November? Or will you hold on till next term?""I don't plan to kick off," Calla said, turning around. "Thank you, Lisa.""I'd say by the end of the month," Michael put in, and Daphne kicked his shins. "Greengrass!""You're a pain, Corner," she said lowly. "At least try not to be.""It's just a little discussion," Michael said breezily. "Sorry, Calla."She shrugged. "As long as he's not an arsehole, it'll be fine."Isobel snorted. "Calla said arsehole.""Shut up, Izzy.""Morning," said a gruff voice, and Calla and everyone else jumped, turning around to see Moody standing at the doorway. "Come on in, then, don't stand loitering here all day. Anything could sneak up on you."They all looked at each other awkwardly before they hurried inside. Moody's classroom decor was, tragically, nowhere near as exciting as Remus' had been. Calla took a grudging seat at the front with Daphne, just in front of Padma and Izzy. "What's up with the eye?" Izzy whispered."I don't know," Calla muttered back. It was electric blue and swivelled around furiously. "It's creeping me out a bit.""Mum says he's one of the Ministry's top Aurors," Padma whispered. "Or at least he was, before he retired. Put loads of Dark witches and wizards in Azkaban.""Yes," said Daphne crisply, taking out her textbook. "I'd say he's helped fill half of the cells in that place.""You won't be needing those books today," Moody told them gruffly, stumping over to his desk right in front of Calla and Daphne. Calla felt a sudden dread. He wouldn't make them do some crazy wild practical defense magic on their first day with him, would he? She had a feeling he'd be a lot tougher on their spellwork than Remus had been."Brilliant," she muttered, stuffing her textbook back into her bag. "Just what I need, to make a fool out of myself again.""You won't make a fool out of yourself," Padma told her sternly. "Relax."Moody pulled out a long scroll for the register and shook his hair out of his scarred face. Daphne seemed to pull a face. He took the register, one eye focused on the parchment and the other flicking from face to face intently, like he was trying to memorise them all. He looked most curiously at Daphne and Calla, until he finally reached the end and curled the scroll up again."Right then. I've had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems you're all well versed in dealing with dark creatures - Boggarts, Grindylows, Red Caps, that kind of thing, and all very useful lessons - but you're rather behind in the area of curses, jinxes and hexes." Mentally, Calla ran through their definitions; curses aimed to majorly injure or harm opponents, jinxes to cause minor inconvenience or irritation, hexes to cause major and often longer lasting inconveniences. Curses were generally more deadly and decisive in fights, but jinxes and hexes could also be depending on how they were used. "So I'm here to bring you up to scratch on what witches and wizards can do to one another. I've got one year to teach you, and then I'm back to my quiet retirement, so we had better make a start.""He looks like he needs a quiet retirement," Isobel whispered, and Daphne clearly tried not to laugh. Moody's eye swivelled around to them, and Calla averted his gaze, face heating. Daphne tossed her hair quite calmly."So, let's get straight into it. Curses. They come in many different shapes, strengths and forms. Now the Ministry seems to think I should teach you basic counter-curses and leave it at that, but I don't think that's good enough. No," he barked suddenly, and Calla jumped, "you need to be prepared for what's out there, you need to be vigilant. You're not meant to see dark curses until your sixth year, when you're apparently meant to be old enough to deal with it, but I say Dumbledore thinks you can handle it." Did he? "He's got a bit of a higher opinion of all your nerves, reckons you can cope with it. I say the sooner you know what you're up against, the better. Tell me, how are you supposed to defend yourself against something you've never seen?" Daphne was scribbling something on a piece of parchment. Calla frowned down at her. "A wizard who's about to pull a curse on you isn't going to tell you what he's about to do. He won't be nice and polite and let you prepare - no! You need to be prepared yourself. You nee to be alert and watchful. You need to not be passing notes in my classroom, Miss Greengrass!"Daphne's hand had paused halfway between her desk and Isobel's, and she stared at Moody with wide eyes, meekly retracting her hand. "And you, Miss Turpin," he went on, eye swivelling to a startled looking Lisa, "need to stop doodling Runes!"Lisa's quill fellonto her desk. "So," Moody went on, and Calla cast a furtive look at Lisa, who just stared, "how many of you can tell me which dark curses are most heavily punishable by wizarding law?"Several hands went into the air, including Daphne's. Calla figured she knew at least one, but she didn't exactly want to share that. "Miss Patil, is it?" Moody asked, and Calla turned around to face Padma."Yes, Professor," she said smoothly. "The three Unforgiveable Curses.""Correct, Miss Patil!" Moody said, and scrawled the word 'Unforgiveables' up on the blackboard. "The unforgiveable curses. Named as such because using one of 'em will earn you a one way ticket to Azkaban."Calla shuddered at the thought. She'd had enough encounters with Dementors last year to last her a life time; she hoped she'd never have to find out whether or not she could perform a Patronus Charm. "Can anybody name one of these curses for me? Greengrass!"Daphne seemed to jump out of her seat. "Yes, Professor?""Give us a curse.""Well..." She looked awkwardly along at Calla. "There's the Imperius Curse, I know that one.""Yes," Moody said. "Suppose you would. Relative of Apollo Greengrass?""He's my father's cousin," Daphne said, pursing her lips. "We're far from close."Moody made a hm sound. "Yes. The Imperius Curse gave the Ministry a lot of bother when the Dark Lord fell from power." His magical eye swivelled around the classroom, landing on Daphne then Malfoy and Parkinson. "Lot of ex Death Eaters claimed ignorance, said they were made to do it under the curse. Perhaps this can show you why."Calla felt very suddenly unsettled. She tapped her fingernails very lightly on her desk as Moody turned away, fetching a spider from a jar and setting it on his desk. It was far too close for comfort; she and Daphne both scooted back a little. "Engorgio," Moody said, and it grew even larger. Someone at the back of the room gasped.Then Moody pointed his wand at the spider and said, "Imperio."At first nothing seemed to have happened. Then slowly, Moody raised his wand, and the spider rose on its legs. With a flick of his wand, Moody sent it leaping onto Calla's desk. She let out a squeal, heart jumping into her throat, and almost banged into Padma's desk in her haste to scramble away.The spider did a funny sort of dance on her desk and then Moody made it jump in the other direction, over to where Tracey Davis and Lily Moon sat. Both girls stared at it in horror before it began to crawl up Tracey's arm and she thrust it off, much to Parkinson's amusement. "I can make it do anything," Moody said, with a very unsettling gleam in his eye.The spider scuttled over to Lisa's desk and sat itself on her shoulder, seeming to claw at the air. There was a very nasty smile on Moody's face as he controlled the spider, making it leap across the classroom. He was having a lot of fun with it, that was certain, but Calla felt rather sick. "I can make it dance," he said, and the spider broke into a very strange sort of eight legged Highland fling. Isobel giggled. "I can make it spin a web."The spider leapt onto Malfoy's face and he screamed, as it started weaving silver strands over his forehead. "Get it off!" Malfoy screeched, and with a cold sort of laugh, Moody brought the spider back over to his desk where it dangled over a jug of water. Calla's stomach felt like a rock had tumbled into it."I can tell it to drown itself," Moody said quietly, and anyone who had been laughing quickly stopped. Calla could hear her heart thudding as the spider squirmed, holding the edges of the jug before Moody finally let it go and scuttle back onto the desk."This curse as I said, gave the Ministry quite a bit of trouble a few years back. Some of you might know that already. They had to sort out those who were lying to save their own skins, from those who truly had been under a dark influence." Calla's breath shook. She really, really didn't like this. "Can anyone else tell me another curse? Anyone? Mister Zabini!""Blaise," Daphne whispered, turning around and looking horrified for reasons Calla didn't know."There's the Cruciatus Curse, sir," he said, blinking rapidly. "For torture.""Very good, very good," said Moody. "The Cruciatus Curse. It's how we sort out the liars."Calla had a very bad feeling about this. Her stomach flipped over as Moody pointed his wand at the spider. "Crucio."The spider squirmed. Its legs bent in on its body and it seemed to rock from side to side, writhing in pain. It couldn't make a sound but Calla was sure it would have been screaming from the way it looked. It was awful to watch, and she felt her chest clench. She didn't want to see this. Why was he showing them?Her eyes met his pleadingly but he didn't notice, fixed intently on the spider. It was twitching now, and seemed to start scrambling at the air. "That's horrible," said Anthony, sounding appalled as he stared at it, mouth open wide. "You - you can't do that.""No? Dark wizards wouldn't care about your idea of what they can and can't do, Mr Goldstein." Moody let his hold on the spider go, but it was still twitching. Still very obviously hurting. "Pain. No need for thumbscrews or for knives or anything else, if you can cast the Cruciatus Curse. That one was very popular once, too... Right. Last curse, anyone?"To Calla's surprise, everyone was quiet. Daphne seemed to glance nervously in her direction, and when Calla looked around, quite a few of the class were doing the same. Even Malfoy didn't look like he wanted to say anything. That was how she knew. She could recall, if she shut her eyes, a horrible, blinding green light. Would Moody show them that, too?No one seemed to want to say the words. "Come on, then," Moody barked. "I'm sure one of you must know it, don't be shy! Your enemies won't be!"His magic eye swivelled to her and Calla shrank back, shivering. She struggled to keep her breath in. "Turpin!" he shouted, and Lisa jumped. "Do you know it?""I-" Lisa faltered, glancing at Calla. Her stomach twisted horribly. "The... The killing curse, Professor Moody.""The killing curse." That was it. She knew that was it. That was what had killed her parents, what had almost killed Harry and her. "The last and the worst. It's an instant kill. Only one wizard is known to have survived it." His eye flickered. "And you all know his name."He reached his hand for the spider the final time. Calla felt her stomach churn, blood rushing in her ears. He wouldn't really kill it, would he? Daphne all of a sudden grasped her hand very, very tightly. Moody had to chase the spider around the jar before he could get a hold of it, placing it on the desk. Calla's chest seized. "You can't!" she said, voice shaking. "You - don't - please don't kill it!" Her lip wobbled, and her eyes welled with tears. She knew what was coming, knew what she'd see, and she didn't want to. She really, really didn't want to. The spider hadn't done anything, and - and that was the curse... She didn't think she could bear it."Please, Professor, don't!"Professor Moody's one eye was on her, but the other was still on the wriggling spider. He didn't listen to her. She could sense it coming and squeezed her eyes tightly shut, pain blazing behind them. "Avada kedavra."There was a flash of blinding green light and Calla could feel herself falling, biting down hard on her lip to stop herself from yelling. The next thing she knew when she opened her eyes was that the spider was motionless on the desk. Dead. She made a small sobbing sound as the tears spilled from her eyes."That's horrible," she whispered numbly, trying to wipe the tears that had just fallen of their own accord. That was how her parents had died. Just like that. Without a care for them, for anything, they were just killed in a flash of green light and they never moved again.She scraped her chair back, breathing heavily. She could feel her whole body shaking at the bare memory. She'd seen it in her visions, far too many times. Blinding green light. It haunted her and the remnants of the awful spell still hung in the air.She felt numb the rest of the lesson. She didn't hear what Moody said, not that she wanted to after that. He'd just... Killed it. Like that. Like it was nothing.When the bell rang she grabbed her things as quickly as she could, trying to leave, but Moody stopped her. "Potter? A word."She stared at him blankly. "Professor?"The class quieted. "In private. Go on, the lot of you, I'm sure there's somewhere for you to be.""I'll tell Babbling you're on your way," Daphne whispered as she passed, and gave Calla a tight half-armed hug, pressing chocolate into her hand. "You'll be okay."She felt very cold as one by one, her friends filed out of the classroom, leaving her alone with Moody. "I understand that might have been difficult to watch.""That spell murdered my parents," she said flatly. "I shouldn't have had to watch.""And it could just as easily kill you!" She startled. "You have to be vigilant, Potter! Alert! Wary of everyone!" She stumbled back a bit, at the furor of Moody's words; he was practically spitting. "It's not enough to know they exist, you have to see what they do!""I already have," she whispered. "That night's my first memory."She might have expected Moody to soften, or look sorry, but he didn't. "All the more reason to understand it then, Potter. Had it not been for some trick of fate, the Dark Lord might have succeeded in killing your brother. You would have been next."Those words chilled her, to the point she felt numb. "Can I go, Professor?" she asked quietly. "I have to get to my Ancient Runes class."He nodded and she turned, leaving as fast as she possibly could. A group of confused first years were waiting outside, looking very nervous. One of them saw her and her eyes widened, but Calla wasn't stopping now. Tears misted her vision but she went on as quickly as she could, shoulders shaking, and half-ran to Ancient Runes."Ah, Calla," Babbling said as she entered. "Daphne said you were with Professor Moody. We're just keeping last year's seating plan; if you'd turn to the section on Ogham script for me?"Calla nodded sharply, hurrying over to her seat by Zach and Susan. "You alright?" Zach asked immediately, frowning. "You look like you've been crying.""Yeah, I have, thanks," she said, cheeks flaming as she wiped tears away."Do you-""I don't want to talk about it," she whispered, taking out her textbook and flipping to halfway through. Ogham. Just what she needed to take her mind off of Killing Curses.She was determined to pay attention to Runes and only Runes for the duration of the lesson, though this was disrupted by the nervous glances her fellow Ravenclaws kept throwing her. A note fluttered down next to her on the desk and she frowned, glancing behind her to where Daphne sat carefully stowing her wand away. She nodded, and Calla unfolded the note.Moody went too far with that. You okay? Talk to us at break.There was a lump in her throat as she glanced back at Daphne, and smiled gently.When the bell rang for break, Daphne and Padma were quick to surround her, and they went out into the courtyard together. "He shouldn't have been showing us that," Padma said firmly, shaking her head in disgust. "I know he said we have to be prepared, but that's...""That's what we're preparing for," Calla said bleakly, and the girls looked at her, clearly not having expected that answer. But she'd thought about it a bit through Runes, and though she hated having to see it, because of what that curse meant and what it had done... She knew what they may soon be facing. If she again met Voldemort, he likely wouldn't hesitate to use that curse on her, or any other. "It's horrid, but it's true.""I think he's mad," said Daphne with a shudder. "To show students that? And the - the Cruciatus... That was horrible.""Yeah," Calla said quietly, shouldering her bag."I couldn't believe he showed us those," said Padma."The poor spider... I don't think anyone liked that.""Crabbe and Goyle seemed pretty happy about the lesson," Padma muttered."Crabbe and Goyle are knuckleheads.""I'm going to go to the library," Calladeclared quietly, with a lump in her throat."Oh, we'll come-""No, it's fine, I just need to grab a book. I'll see you in Potions."She left them quietly but didn't go to the library. Instead she found a narrow, hidden passage behind a tapestry and settled herself in a book there, casting a feeble light from her wand and took out a book on Magical Theory along with the morning's edition of the Daily Prophet which she had picked up on her way out of breakfast. She skimmed the headlines quickly, eyes catching on the one about Professor Moody. Apparently, the morning before, he had had a scare and thought someone was breaking into his house, only to discover that it was bins. Arthur Weasley had had to sort it all out, and the article seemed to be saying Professor Moody was mad. Calla didn't think that was entirely inaccurate. There was a short article announcing the recommencement of the Triwizard Tournament, another about offers on ice cream at Florean Fortesue's parlour in Diagon Alley, and another about the continuing investigation into the events at the Quidditch World Cup. She marked that one to look back at, as well as the one about Moody, but there was nothing else that jumped out at her as suspicious. She settled into reading the next ten or so minutes until she had to set off for Potions, which for once passed without Snape snarling at her.Afterwards, Zacharias caught up to her with a faint grin. "Are you feeling better? Anthony mentioned Moody's class, I can't believe-""It's fine," Calla told him shortly, shaking her hair out. "Seriously. It's fine.""You seemed pretty upset earlier," he said in a low voice. "It's alright if you don't want to talk, but..." He seemed not to know what to say, and Calla didn't know what to say, either. "We're friends, right? If you are, you know, upset, if - if you need to talk...""I can talk to you. Got it."She lingered a moment silently, and Zach pressed his lips together tightly. Terry and Sue gave them a curious look as they passed, and she swallowed. "I'll, um, see you in class.""Right. Calla-""Thanks," she said quietly, turning away to head up to the Great Hall, feeling both heavy and confused. Yes, Zach was her friend, but she wasn't sure she could explain to anyone what she was feeling and what she thought and what she was so, so scared of and what she knew, in that instinctual, unexplainable way, was on its way for her.She tried throughout lunch not to show that she was shaken, but by the time they set off towards Divination she felt awfully ill at ease. Though it was her best subject, today Calla wasn't sure she wanted to go to Divination; she didn't think she wanted to know any more of the future, and yet she was desperate to see how she might stop it. "Cheer up," Isobel told her sprightly as they headed towards North Tower. "Divination'll be a laugh if nothing else.""It's not a laugh," Padma chided, with a glance towards Calla. "Who knows, we might be doing some serious work. Parvati says she's heard we're working on planetary movements.""Like horoscopes and that?" Isobel laughed. "The zodiac signs."Padma shrugged. "I don't know. That's just what Parvati said.""My sister's always going on about her horoscopes in the paper. She's a Taurus, and I'm an Aries, and apparently that makes her better than me.""I'm a Sagittarius," Padma offered, frowning. "I don't think it really means anything.""Leos are meant to be very loud and extroverted," Calla said mildly. "So I don't think it does. Maybe sometimes though; zodiac signs alone probably can't give a full picture.""Probably. I'm alright at Astronomy, anyway, so this'll be decent I hope." Padma rolled her eyes. "Lavender said she didn't know why I took Divination again. She doesn't think I have the Sight. She's really been getting on my nerves, you know?""What's she done?" Calla asked. "Other than that.""She's just annoying, isn't she? She hung around our house for like the whole summer, and her and Parvati are so - so giggly!" She said this as if giggly was the worst thing she thought someone could be."We're giggly," Calla pointed out."You're not annoying," Padma countered. "And they're gossipy.""Isn't this gossiping?" Isobel asked, and Calla tried very hard not to giggle.Padma huffed. "I take it back, you two are annoying.""You're so sweet," Calla teased half-heartedly, as they came up the stairs towards the landing of North Tower. The silver stepladder was already down, hanging by the wall. The three of them went up quickly, grabbing a table in the front corner.Sweet perfume hung in the air around them, seeping into the curtains which were closed over the windows. The room had its familiar reddish glow which still managed to be comforting, and Calla felt like she could simply curl up in one of the chintz armchairs and go to sleep. As it happened, she did have work to do, and so she took out her books and a scroll of parchment, waiting for Trelawney to enter the room.When Parvati and Lavender came in, they were indeed giggling, and shot Padma a look before they sat together at the front. Padma pulled a face. Harry and Ron were the last to come in, looking around for Calla. She waved cheerfully, and Harry frowned as he went to take a seat at the table next to them."Good day," said Trelawney's voice, as she seemed to appear out of nowhere. Calla watched Harry jump and smiled smally. Trelawney was looking down at him with a very tragic expression, as she always did. Maybe she had more reason to than most of their classmates thought."You are preoccupied my dear," she told Harry, her bangles jangling and catching the light. My Inner Eye sees past your brave face to the tormented soul within. And I regret to say that your worries are not baseless. I see difficult times ahead for you, alas... most difficult... I fear the thing you dread the most will indeed come to pass... Perhaps sooner than you think."There was no doubt in Calla's mind what that alluded to. She'd hoped they'd have time, but Trelawney's words scared her. She gave an involuntary shudder and hoped no one noticed it. Trelawney swept towards her armchair at the front of the classroom, eyes sweeping over them in turn. She smiled. "My dears, it is time to consult the stars. The movements of the planets and the mysterious portents they reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. Human destiny may be deciphered by the planetary rays, which intermingle with one another and with human perceptions of the world around us. We may uncover not only greater fates of society, but secrets of our own pasts and greater understanding of ourselves, from the planetary rays at our own births. It is clear how they might affect us, not only in fate but personality, appearance, every aspects of life. My dear," she said, turning to Harry, who appeared to be dozing off, "you, for example, are mostly clearly born under Saturn."When Harry did not reply, Calla saw Ron give him a sharp kick, and he sat up straight, blinking. "What?" he said. Calla rolled her eyes."I was saying, my dear," Trelawney continued, "that you were clearly born under the baleful influence of the planet Saturn.""Born under - what, sorry?""Pay attention," Calla muttered under her breath."Saturn, dear, the planet Saturn!" said Professor Trelawney urgently. Calla tried to think on what she knew of the planets, but she honestly had no idea if Saturn had a strong influence when they were born. She hung onto Trelawney's words curiously. "I was saying that Saturn was clearly in a position of influence in the heavens at the moment of your birth... your dark hair... your mean stature... tragic losses so early in life... I think I am right in saying, my dear, that you were born in Midwinter?"Calla frowned, jolted a little bit. "No," Harry said, glancing at Calla for a split second, "I was born in July."Ron snorted loudly. Calla didn't feel like tutting at him as she had often been inclined to do, for she was mostly just confused. Maybe Trelawney was losing her touch a bit; or maybe planetary study wasn't particularly reliable. She'd never found newspaper horoscopes to be very accurate.The lesson went on and Calla scribbled notes about what each of the planets represented (conflict for Mars, destruction for Mercury, glory for Jupiter), before Trelawney handed them each circular charts and told them to try and fill in the positions of each of the planets at the time of her birth. Calla stared at it; Trelawney had suggested using times, but she didn't know what time she'd been born. It also wasn't very enjoyable; this involved a lot of calculating and referring to timetables and other charts, and not very much in the way of actual Seeing. At one point when Trelawney wasn't looking, she and Harry swapped over their charts to check over them."You've managed to get two Neptunes here," she pointed out to Harry, and Ron snorted."Aaah," he said, imitating Trelawney, "when two Neptunes appear in the sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry."Even Calla laughed at that, as did Dean and Seamus nearby. "I think we've got about the same," she told Harry, taking her own chart back."Oh!" Lavender Brown squealed excitedly. "I think I've got an unaspected planet, Trelawney!" Calla didn't miss Padma rolling her eyes. "Ooh, what one's that, Professor?""That is Uranus, my dear," Trelawney said, very straight facedly. Isobel snorted, and Padma shot her a withering look."Can I have a look at Uranus, too, Lavender?" Ron asked. Trelawney turned around to glare at him, and Calla shook her head, trying not grin."Boys," Padma whispered exasperatedly.They worked at the star charts the rest of the lesson, but Trelawney seemed in rather a bad mood throughout, and at the end of the lesson gave them some awful homework. "A detailed analysis of the way in which the planetary movements over the coming month will affect you, with reference to your personal chart," she snapped at them, sounding rather like Professor McGonagall. Ron and Harry both looked horrified at the thought. "I want it ready to hand in next Monday, and no excuses!""That'll take all week," Padma muttered, shaking her head. "Boys."Calla nodded along, but Isobel just laughed. "Professor Trelawney?" Calla called as everyone left, headed over to Trelawney's large armchair. Trelawney looked up with her wide eyes. "Er, I was wondering if you'd like to continue the extra sessions on Monday nights?""Ah, yes," Trelawney said, softening a little. "I have a lot to organise tonight but next Monday we may begin. In the meantime, continue to exercise your Inner Eye."Calla nodded sharply, grinning. "Will do, Professor. See you in Wednesday's class!"She hurried out the room to catch up to the others, who thankfully hadn't gone a long way. Padma was chatting to Ron and Harry, Isobel lingering behind her with Terry. "You alright?" Harry asked her as she caught up, panting a little."Yeah, just had to ask Trelawney about my extra Divination classes. We're starting back next week."Harry nodded as they descended and joined the crowds headed towards the Great Hall. "She's a miserable old bat," Ron was saying, scowling. "I bet that'll take all week, won't it?""Got loads of homework?" Hermione asked, popping out of nowhere by their sides. "Professor Vector didn't give us any.""Well, bully for Professor Vector," said Ron, scowling even more.The Entrance Hall was packed with people as they arrived, and Calla and Padma couldn't spot Daphne anywhere in the crowd. "She's probably already in there," Padma said, frowning. "I'm starving."They moved forwards to join the end of the queue into the Great Hall, just as a voice rang out behind them. "Weasley! Hey, Weasley!"Calla scowled as they all turned around, seeing Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle all standing there. Malfoy was waving a copy of the Daily Prophet about, looking throughouly pleased with himself. "What?" said Ron grumpily."You're dad's in the newspaper, Weasley!" said Malfoy with an awful grin, brandishing the newspaper. "Listen to this!"Calla was certain that the entire Entrance Hall could hear as he read aloud the article Calla had read herself earlier, about Ron's dad and Mad-Eye Moody. Ron's ears were going very red, a sure sign that he was annoyed. "And there's a picture, Weasley!" Malfoy declared with glee, flipping the paper over and holding it up so that they could all see it. "A picture of your parents outside their house - if you can call that a house! Your mother could do with losing a bit of weight, couldn't she?""Get stuffed, Malfoy," Harry said, as Ron was almost shaking with fury, going a very bright red. "C'mon, Ron.""Oh, yeah, you went to the Cup with them this summer, didn't you, Potter?" Malfoy sneered. "So tell me, is his mother really that porky, or is it just the picture?"Ron seemed to be about to launch himself at Malfoy; Calla and Hermione both grabbed ahold of the back of his robes to keep him back. "You know your mother, Malfoy?" Harry said. "That expression she's got, like she's got dung under her nose, is she always like that or is it just because she's with you?"Malfoy went slightly pink, and Calla glared at him, laughing. "Don't talk about my mother, Potter.""Keep your fat mouth shut then," said Harry, as they turned away.Calla was about to go towards the hall when there was a loud bang and she jumped. Several people screamed, and something hot streaked past her face; Calla leapt about a foot in the air, heart hammering as she made to whirl back around. She had barely turned before there was another bang, and a roar from the other side of the Entrance Hall. "Oh no you don't, laddie!"She spun around in time to see Moody sprinting down the staircase towards the Great Hall. His wand was held out in front of him, and pointing at a - a ferret. Calla stared at it. He hadn't just turned Malfoy into a ferret, had he? There was a tense, terrified silence in the hall as everyone stared at Moody, barely daring to move a muscle. Moody turned to look at Harry with his normal eye, while the other was fixed closely on the ferret. "Did he get you?" Moody growled at Harry, who blinked rapidly and shook his head."No," said Harry quickly. "He missed.""Leave it!" Moody shouted suddenly, and Calla jumped again, to see Crabbe bending over the writhing ferret."What?""Not you, it! The ferret!""Malfoy," Padma said faintly, looking up at the ceiling. "He's turned Malfoy into a ferret. By Merlin."Moody limped towards Crabbe, Goyle, and the squealing ferret. It gave an extra terrified squeak and took off, streaking towards the safety of the dungeons. "I don't think so!" Moody roared, and raised his wand again."Jesus Christ," Calla whispered, watching in faint alarm as the ferret went flying ten feet into the air, smacked back onto the floor and then was immediately tossed back up again, squealing very loudly."I don't like people who attack when their opponent's back's turned," Moody growled.The ferret flailed helplessly in the air. "Never - do - that - again.""Professor Moody!" Professor McGonagall's voice called through the Entrance Hall, sounding rather alarmed. She was rushing down the staircase with her arms full of books."Hello, Professor McGonagall," Moody greeted pleasantly, and bounced the ferret higher."What are you doing?""Teaching.""Teach - is that a student?" McGonagall shrieked, her eyes quite wide as her books spilled from her arms and tumbled to the floor."Yep," said Moody."No!" Professor McGonagall sprinted down the stairs with her wand out and a moment later the ferret had snapped back into Malfoy, who was shaking on the floor, his face very pink indeed as he got up to his feet, wincing."Moody, we never use Transfiguration as a punishment!" Professor McGonagall told him, sounding shocked. "Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that!""He might've mentioned it, yeah," said Moody, sounding quite unconcerned, "but I thought a nice sharp shock-""We give detentions, Moody! Or speak to the offender's Head of House!""I'll do that, then," said Moody in a growl, looking at Malfoy with very intense dislike. Malfoy was muttering something about his father, sounding very nervous and flickering his gaze between Moody, McGonagall, and the floor. "Oh, yeah?" said Moody, limping forward clunkily. "Well, I know your father of old, boy... You tell him Moody's keeping an eye on his son  you tell him that from me... Now, your Head of House will be Snape, will it?"Malfoy nodded resentfully. "Yes.""Another old friend," growled Moody. "Yes, I've been meaning to have a chat with him... Come on, you..."He grabbed Malfoy by the arm and hauled him over to the dungeons. Everyone was still staring, and nervous, shocked whispers broke out around the Entrance Hall. A great many people were laughing, Ron included."Did you miss it?" Calla whispered to Daphne as they sat down at the Ravenclaw Table a few minutes later."Miss what?"!"She did," Padma said, shaking her head. "Malfoy got himself turned into a ferret.""You're kidding?" said Michael from a few places away. "A ferret? By who?""Moody," Calla told him, and Michael's eyes widened."What did he do?" Daphne asked, mouth hanging open in surprise."Tried to curse Harry," Calla said. "While his back was turned. Moody didn't like that.""Well, better Draco than Harry getting hurt, I suppose," said Daphne, shaking her head. "Still, I hope you don't mind when I say I don't like that Professor Moody.""I thought he was bloody brilliant," Isobel said happily. "Wish I could turn people into ferrets. I think I'd maybe go for a purple colour, just to liven things up.""You're a menace," Padma informed her.

Dear Calla,I'm far from surprised that you were right about the Tournament. It sounds like exactly the sort of thing we all would have gone in for when we were your age, though I'm glad there's an age restriction. You and Harry have had enough trouble to last you both a lifetime.That said, do take this year to enjoy yourself. I won't say specifics, but I'm aware there is meant to be a dance in a tournament year, which will be what your dress robes are for. And if you can, get Daphne to take some photos of the night, we'd love to see them (if you can ever manage to persuade Harry to stand in a photo).Beauxbatons and Durmstrang I don't know an awful lot about, but Sirius has some distant cousins who attended Beauxbatons. He just called them some very rude words, but I'm sure you'll get along nicely with the students. As for Durmstrang, I know even less, but it is known for its Dark Arts. They teach the arts themselves rather than defense, and it is the home school of Gellert Grindelwald, one of the darkest wizards of the century other than Voldemort. That isn't at all to say that the people from Durmstrang are bad people or that they are in any way dangerous, but you ought to be aware nonetheless. Sirius believes their Headmaster is Igor Karkaroff, someone who was widely believed to be a Death Eater in the days of the war. Whether he truly was or not we do not know for certain, but again, be careful. And tell Harry to be careful, I don't want him trying to get himself mixed up in this Tournament, and I know he's more likely to try than you are.As for Professor Moody, if it's Alastor Moody then I'm sure you are all in for a very interesting year. Moody was one of the greatest Aurors we had during the war. Some call him mad and I can't say they're entirely wrong, but he has experience, lots of it, and most importantly, he is loyal to Dumbledore. We've heard whispers as I'm sure you have, and I know we have many of the same concerns. Stick to Moody, even if he may be off-putting at first.Write soon.RemusCalla tucked the letter into her pocket to show Harry before History of Magic. She was sitting at breakfast, watching as Padma and Daphne debated firecracker spells, and as Isobel set one off, exploding Michael's morning porridge. She let out a howl of laughter, grinning at a very disgruntled Michael. "You girls are all so immature," said Lisa, as Mandy and Sue held in their own laughs. "Honestly, the rate you're all going I'll be the only candidate for Prefect for next year.""Ugh, don't say that," Daphne said disgustedly. "You as a Prefect? I think I'd leave.""There's more chance of me being a Prefect than there is of you," Lisa said tightly. "I don't blow up people's breakfasts.""It wasn't me," Daphne said indignantly. "It was Izzy!""Aw, yeah, blame me," Isobel cried indignantly, as if they hadn't all just watched her set the spell off.Terry grinned, catching Calla's eye and shaking his head amusedly. "You're all ridiculous," Calla said fondly, and Daphne tackled her in a very over the top hug."You say the sweetest things," she said, turning to lean her head on Calla's shoulder."Well," she said awkwardly, "I try my best."Lisa was still bemoaning the girls' immaturity to Michael, Mandy and Sue when they left breakfast, and Isobel and Daphne were complaining very loudly about her. "I just thought it was funny," Anthony admitted to Calla, shrugging. "Lisa needs to chillax."Padma snorted. "Anthony, did you just say chillax?""Terry - Terry says it's something the Muggles say." Calla giggled. "What? Does it - does it mean something rude?""No!" Calla assured him hastily, still trying not to laugh. "No, no, it's just - quite funny."Anthony frowned. "It does mean something rude, doesn't it? What-""Chillax, Anthony," Terry said in mock exasperation, setting Calla into another round of giggles that lasted all the way to History.That afternoon was their first Care of Magical Creatures lesson of the new year, and from what Harry had told her of Hagrid's new interest, the creatures they'd be tackling were not particularly friendly, or indeed, legal, probably. Daphne and Isobel both agreed this would be very exciting, but when confronted with the Blast-Ended Skrewts in class, Daphne looked utterly terrified and insisted that Padma handled the things, and not her.Padma shook her head fondly, muttering under her breadth as she narrowly avoided being hit in the face by one of the things. "What do they eat?" She asked Hagrid, who frowned."Well, see, that's the thing, Padma. I haven' quite figured that one out yet. Bu' we'll... We'll be getting ter that."Padma looked rather offended. "He doesn't even know what they eat? What if they eat us?""Hagrid wouldn't give us something that'd eat us," Calla said confidently."Probably," Daphne said weakly, as Isobel grinned at them and went to go and stroke the Skrewt, which hissed at her and reared."Jesus, Izzy!" Calla cried, dragging her back. "Are you mad?"Isobel shrugged. "Eh, I was curious what's happen.""This is why Snape wants you banned from his classroom," Daphne muttered. "One day, you're going to get yourself blown up.""I'll mind and take you with me when I go then," Isobel said cheerfully, and Calla and Padma kept a very close eye to make sure she didn't set a Skrewt off and burn half the forest down.Xx"You didn't tell me about the curses," Harry whispered to her on Thursday evening as they sat in the library working on their star charts, which both of them, and Ron and Padma, had been putting off. Daphne was making use of Isobel for Muggle Studies homework, while Hermione darted to and from bookshelves and a table in the corner nearby them. She didn't want to be disrupted by them, apparently, which Calla thought was quite fair, as they didn't do much except talk, and Madam Pince had glared at them very many times."I didn't really want to talk about it," she whispered back. Padma glanced up, nodded a tiny bit - whether to herself, Calla, or the boys, she wasn't sure - and went back to drawing her star chart. "Are you okay?""I... I didn't like it," Harry admitted. "I just kept thinking about - about Mum, and Dad.""Yeah," she said hollowly. She'd just absently drawn Venus where Mars was meant to be, and had to erase it with her wand tip. "So did I.""D'you think... D'you think Moody's a bit... Strange?""His nickname's Mad-Eye, Harry," Calla reminded him dryly. "I don't think a... not strange person would often be nicknamed as Mad-Eye.""I suppose not.""And Remus says he's loyal to Dumbledore. He says we should - should stick by Moody, so if he thinks he's alright, I suppose he must be, somewhere.""This is a nonsense," Ron declared suddenly, glaring at his star chart. "I'll never know what any of it is meant to mean.""Make it up then," Harry told him, and Calla rolled her eyes."Boys," Padma muttered, shaking her head."Like you know what it means," Ron said shortly. "Didn't Trelawney say Parvati got all the Sight?""Shut up," Padma muttered, cheeks flaring."I think I'll be in danger of burns on Monday," Harry said mildly, and Calla shot him a glare, scoffing as she returned to her own chart."Yeah, you will," Ron said. "Don't forget the Skrewts.""Don't even talk to me about the Skrewts," Padma muttered darkly."You too?" He winced sympathetically. "On Tuesday, er, I'll...""Fall asleep in History of Magic again?" Calla suggested, and Padma and Harry both laughed."Everyone falls asleep in History of Magic," Ron told her. "Everyone except Hermione.""How about you lose a treasured possession?" Harry said, and Ron scribbled it down obligingly."Good one. That'll be because of, er Mercury.""That'd be accurate if Mercury was in retrograde," said Calla, and Ron grinned."See? We're not totally hopeless at this thing. Right, Harry, why don't you get stabbed in the back by someone you thought was a friend?"Trelawney would love that one, Calla thought glumly. "Yeah, yeah, cool," Harry said. "Because Venus... is in the fifth house."Calla rolled her eyes but let the boys get on with their homework the way they wanted to, even if they were being entirely wrong. They were approaching library closing time when she finished her star chart and three weeks' worth of predictions, as accurate as she thought she could make them. "I'm going to go to bed," she said tiredly, just as Padma yawned. She glanced over at Harry and Ron's charts. "You seem to be drowning twice," she informed Ron. "And Harry... You know what, never mind. Goodnight.""Boys," Padma muttered again as they left. Calla grinned; she'd lost count of the amount of times she, Daphne or Isobel had said that in the last few days. Boys seemed to be getting more and more annoying.XxTheir next class with Moody was even more disconcerting than the first. Calla was horrified when he announced that he would be placing the Imperius Curse on each of them in turn, to see how well they defended themselves against it. "This can't be legal," Padma murmured as they cleared the desks. "Can it?""It must be, if Dumbledore's letting it happen," Calla whispered back."Mind you though, Calla, Dumbledore doesn't necessarily know." They all regarded Moody warily."He must do," Padma said decisively. "Mustn't he? He - he wouldn't do something like this without Dumbledore's permission.""I'd hope not," Calla said."It must be an important lesson, though," Daphne said, rolling her shoulders back. "It's something we ought to learn, I suppose."Still, Calla shuddered as Moody beckoned Mandy over to the centre of the room to cast the curse on her. One by one, everyone had the curse put upon them, and were made to do things she knew they never could or would have done otherwise. Mandy sang a hymn, Malfoy did hopscotch around the room, and Daphne did a Highland fling, much to Isobel's delight. Then it was Calla's turn. She shivered as she stepped forward, Padma murmuring words of advice and comfort. No one had managed to throw off the curse, and she didn't suspect she'd have any more luck than they had.Moody raised his wand, pointing it at her, and she swallowed deeply, blinking. "Imperio."She at once felt all of her stress and worries leave her; she could only feel happiness and relaxation, quite at ease with the world around her and not caring at all that her whole class was looking at her. It could only be truly described as bliss. Then she heard a strange voice in her head. Jump onto the desk. She obliged with barely a thought, not even stumbling as she landed. Her head felt very fuzzy, rather like how she imagined being drunk would be. Then the voice said, do a backflip.She didn't think she could do a backflip, but she blinked and then she did it anyway, landing perfectly on the floor. Dance, Potter, said the voice, and she hesitated a moment. The feeling in her head was very empty, but slowly she was beginning to see things again, with more clarity. Dance!She danced, not even realising it until she stumbled out of a turn, clutching onto a table. The classroom vanished before her eyes and there was only darkness, sweeping like a cloak over her visions. She could feel herself moving but it was disconnected, like she was being merely controlled by puppet strings; she supposed it felt rather like a dream. In her mind there was a green light, growing stronger and stronger, and when she moved she felt like she moved towards it. She didn't even know what she was being told to do anymore. And then from the green came a red light, this one stronger, brighter, and yet still it was kinder to her eyes. The word erupted in a shimmer of gold around her and she felt herself stumble back, the classroom reappearing again as she turned on top of a table, held on her tiptoes in a perfect pirouette position.Moody was looking at her intently, something clouding his face as she stepped down rather dazedly. "Interesting, Potter," he said gruffly. She stared at him. That empty, clear feeling in her head was gone and now she could see the world around her, and feel it. She went over to Padma and Daphne with a shudder, glancing back at Moody warily. She hadn't expected the curse to do that. And she wasn't very sure, either, if Moody had expected it.Calla was rather conflicted about her next private Divination lesson. She'd finished her star chart on Thursday which had meant that she had had the whole weekend to worry that she hadn't done it right and would have to start all over again. Trelawney had given her an appraising look when she handed it over in class. Apparently, her Sun was in Virgo and as the Sun was her ruling star, this meant she would soon see a new need for practicality.When she went up to North Tower after dinner, it was with a rather unusual sense of unease. On a regular occasion, she enjoyed her Divination time with Trelawney, even if some of the things she discovered were rather unsettling. "I believe it would serve us well to begin a study of Cartomancy. Your Seeing seems largely focused on symbols and omens and portents and imagery... So, cartomancy."Calla had come prepared, and withdrew two decks of cards from her bag - one of playing cards, the other of tarot cards - and set them out on the table before her. Trelawney withdrew her own, too, putting them on the table. "Your cards are important to you," Trelawney told her. "They must have a connection with you.""They do." She'd picked the tarot cards out herself in Diagon Alley, and had stolen the playing cards from Dudley once when he was eight and discarded them as rubbish. They were a bit tattered, as they had often been all she and Harry had to occupy themselves with in their cupboard, but as a result they meant a great deal to her. They had a connection, as Trelawney said."Good. Now, my dear, which deck shall we start with? Which draws your soul the most strongly?"She glanced between the two decks. She didn't really know, but she said, "The playing cards," and hoped that worked."The playing cards," Trelawney said mysteriously, "offer insight into the workings of the soul with fate, into the world and circumstances that surround you, if fortune is willing to play its correct hand. Each suit holds different broader symbols, hearts for emotion, diamonds for finance, spades for good fortune and clubs for bad. Face cards often pertain to relationships and yourself, while number cards often tell of external events yet to come.""Right," Calla said, glancing down at her battered deck."Shuffle the cards, my dear, in any way you like. You may first draw three and then draw seven, and uncover the secrets within the cards." Calla wondered how many of those secrets Trelawney would rule as a tragedy.Trelawney nodded and Calla set about shuffling her deck, splitting them and slipping them back together, eyes shut until she felt it was right and they had been shuffled to satisfaction. Then she opened her eyes, still holding the deck, and spread it before her on the table. Trelawney watched her carefully. "Now the three, for personal fate," she said. "The cards do not lie, but it is what you see within them that is the most important. What you feel they represent through their connection to you and to your own path."Calla looked at the overturned cards, trying to figure out what one to take. She didn't know how she was meant to decide, but she and Harry had performed card tricks for each other when they were little, being careful that they didn't refer to them as magic tricks or show them in front of their aunt and uncle, and she thought perhaps it was like that, where you just had to draw whatever card attracted you the most. Her fingers drifted over the deck, before she took one, two, then three cards out of the deck, separating them but not looking at what she had on the other side. She glanced up at Trelawney expectantly; she had her eyes closed and was making a very strange face like she was trying to think very hard. "Tell me, my dear, what your cards hold."Blinking nervously, Calla turned the card on her left over first; it was the six of clubs. Then the right hand side, the ace of spades, and in the middle, the jack of spades. She read these out to Trelawney, whose eyes startled open behind her great glasses. "My dear," she murmured, looking quite frightful. She tapped her fingers upon the desk, staring between the three cards. "The six of clubs for important intuition... the ace of spades, a great change is coming to wipe away the old... and the jack... the jack of spades... My dear... You shall suffer a grave betrayal." Her eyes grew wider still and rather sorrowful. Calla's stomach twisted as she went to flip anxiously through her copy of Unfogging the Future. There, the six of clubs was meant to represent the importance of intuition and the trust of self. As for the ace of spades, it represented a time of significant change and upheaval, and because it was a spade, this was meant to be for the worst. Calla already had a horrid feeling she knew what these were all relating to. She wondered if she could ever see omens that weren't horrible or representative of something great and fateful and sweeping, but of something kind and small and something that didn't terrify her so much. She ran her fingers around the edge of the jack of spades. A betrayal. They had already been betrayed, many times and many years ago.She wrote all of this down nervously in her Divination journal, hands shaking a little around her quill. "Alright," she said quietly, sweeping the three cards together."Put them back in the deck," Trelawney told her. "And shuffle again."She did so carefully, making sure she didn't drop anything even though she was sure that she would. Again she splayed the cards out on the table, and looked up at Trelawney. "Now for the seven. They represent greater fates than yourself."Calla felt she had seen rather too much of 'greater fate' in her own personal cards, but she did not say this as she glanced at the deck, moving over them until she felt the seven cards that were correct and removed them swiftly from the deck. With a nod from Trelawney, she turned over the card on the far left. The nine of clubs. (The end of things.) The jack of diamonds. (Bad news will be borne.) The six of spades. (Fate will strike.) The three of spades. (For fear.) Seven of spades. (An ill omen.) Ten of hearts. (A people gathering.) Seven of clubs. (Confinement.)"Your cards..." Trelawney said with something like a shudder. "They do not spell... a happy fate... they tell of the endings... of the great losses and terrors yet to come... my dear... this is a terrible omen...""I know," Calla said quietly, and Trelawney's eyes snapped up to her. "I know... Something is coming, Professor. I can feel it.""You can?" Trelawney leaned forward excitedly, eyes wide and urgent. "What is it, what do you feel? A tension? Is it a premonition arriving?""No, no," Calla said. "It's just... A feeling. Something is coming.""The cards agree," Trelawney whispered in a hoarse sort of voice. "Great changes and the ending of all that is known... Great conflict on the horizon... Fear in the hearts of all those among us, throughout the world, spreading like a shadow... And a gathering of monstrosities... Of darkness."She reached over sharply to grasp Calla's hands, eyes shut as she shook. "You see it too," Calla whispered. "Don't you? You can feel it, too.""A great darkness," Trelawney shuddered. "Falling upon us all... Sooner than we may think... Yes, my dear, I have seen such things. The future often mimics the past, and I have seen the past too clearly..." She clutched Calla's fingers tighter, so hard Calla wouldn't have been surprised if they'd broken off entirely. "You, my dear, are in danger above so many others. You, my child... You must be careful. Your path is foggy, it is undecided by fate. But soon, someone must decide.""Decide what?" Calla whispered, but then Trelawney shook her head, drawing away."My dear, it is late," she said. "I shall let you retire to your bed as I must to mine... And keep your cards close to you, my dear in more than one way. You will need them, when the time comes.""Need... the cards?"Trelawney shook her head, getting to her feet. Her shawl floated among the smoky red light. "More than the cards, my dear. Yourself."Calla looked at her. "Professor?""Go, now, child," she said, and Calla hurriedly brought her cards together, putting the decks back into her bag. "And sleep on what I have told you... In dreams, we see what the sunlight blinds us to. We see what is in our souls and our fates.""Professor?""Remember my words, my dear... Yes... Do remember..."And Calla left the room, shivering still.

Despite how every other student was too preoccupied with the piles of work they'd been given, Hermione had no problems with bounding up to Calla, Daphne and Padma before History of Magic to inform them that she'd started a campaign for the betterment of the lives of house elves. They all looked at her curiously. "This is your project you've been working on?" Daphne asked slowly. "House elf liberation?"Hermione nodded, beaming. "We're calling ourselves the Society for the Promotion of Elvish Welfare. Our short term aims are to secure house elves fair terms and working wages. Our long term aims are to change the law about wand use, and get an elf representative into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. They reall are shocking underrepresented.""We?""Harry is the Secretary and Ron is the Treasurer," Hermione said, looking rather pleased."Really?" Calla asked, grinning. She tried to imagine Harry parading about house elf rights."Yes." She rattled a tin under Calla's nose. "You're going to be in charge of promotional design - you can make posters and stuff - Padma is working on public relations, and Daphne is political campaign co-ofdinator.""We are?" Padma asked, frowning at her. "Hermione, have you met a house elf?""Yes, I have," Hermione said, folding her arms. "And it's horrid, the way they're treated!""But... Most of them aren't treated bad, Hermione," Daphne explained. "They don't want wages. I agree not all of them are treated equally," she said hastily, upon seeing the look on Hermione's face, "but that's not how House elves work. They're loyal to people who are nice to them, they don't want more than that.""Theyre loyal to their masters," Hermione said. "They aren't their friends. Calla, tell them about Winky.""I have," she told Hermione. "We all agree Mr Crouch is horrible." She debated a moment before putting her hand over Hermione's tin. "What's in here?"When she opened the tin she was confronted with about fifty or so large, round badges in a variety of bright colours, each with the word spew written on them. "Ah," she said. Daphne grinned beside her. "Spew.""Not spew!" Hermione said. "You're as bad as Harry! It says S - P - E - W.""So it spells spew.""No, Daphne!" Hermione huffed loudly. "It's two sickles for a badge.""We have to buy them?""Yes! It helps fundraise!""For what?""For our aims, Daphne! For the rights and liberation of house elves!""Do house elves want liberated?""Yes!" Hermione said. "How couldn't they?""Winky didn't seem to want clothes much, Hermione.""Because she's been brainwashed! I thought you'd be a bit more understanding, Calla!""I am!" she insisted hastily. "But I think you should ask the elves what they want, Hermione."Hermione huffed. "Are you going to join me or not? Harry and Ron will be awfully let down, too, you know.""I bet they will," Padma said drily, sighing as she fished in her pocket for two sickles and handed the to Hermione, taking a badge.Calla and Daphne did the same, and Hermione grinned, launching into a long speech about how she intended to petition for house elf wage increases and encouraged united strike action. They all had to admit when they left class that she had made some good points - house elves weren't exactly treated brilliantly - even if Calla very much doubted that the house elves had a trade union."It is a good cause," Daphne said, fiddling with her badge in her pocket. "But Hermione seems very over-enthusiastic.""That's just Hermione when she's got a project though, isn't it?" Padma said. "We'll see what happens."But they didn't have a lot of time to think about the liberation of house elves. As the arrival of the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students grew nearer, excitement grew to a boiling point in the school, But their professors only increased their workload. McGonagall had given their class a simply hideous amount of Transfiguration homework to do, and had been really rather annoyed at the groan they all let out."You are now entering a most important phase of your magical education!" she told them sternly. "Your Ordinary Wizarding Levels are drawing ever closer-""They're not till the end of fifth year!" Mandy had cried indignantly. Michael and Lisa rolled their eyes."Maybe not, Brocklehurst, but believe me, you need all the help you can get! There remain only two members of this class who can turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pin-cushion! The rest of you are far behind in your studies!"Calla's hedgehog had only given a small whimper the last time she went near it with a spell, and she didn't think it was very likely to make a pincushion soon. She had left the class in rather low spirits, and had it not been for their Divination class after lunch, she would have stayed in the library all afternoon. She'd left that in a bad mood, too, as Trelawney had bee very pleased with Harry and Ron's predictions from their homework and spent a large part of the lesson praising their entirely incorrect and made up work for its unflinching embrace of the horrors in their path. "Honestly," she muttered to Padma once they left the classroom. "They just made it up! I don't know what Trelawney's thinking!""Maybe they're right by accident," Padma said gloomily. Trelawney had said her own star predictions were off balanced and too positive, which she had been quite upset by, because she - unlike the boys - had actually tried for a semblance of accuracy.Professor Binns had set them essay upon essay about the goblin rebellions, which Calla didn't honestly mind very much. Writing essays, at least, was a skill that she had, as opposed to transfiguring hedgehogs. Or transfiguring anything. Or just spellwork in general. Snape had given them essays, too, and told them to research antidotes, hinting quite heavily that he would be testing their antidotes on themselves. When Calla had mentioned this to Remus in a letter, he had said that he wouldn't really put it past Snape, and so she took extra care to make sure her notes were correct and specific so she would know exactly what she was meant to do.Their Potions class had been on Thursday morning, and Calla was more nervous than anyone. If Snape was going to poison anyone, it was probably going to be her. He didn't seem to hate her as much as he hated Harry, but that still wouldn't mean he wouldn't enjoy poisoning her. At least it wouldn't be fatal. Probably. The only thing keeping her positive was the promise of the arrival of the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students the next day.She worked very carefully on writing up her antidote recipe before she implemented it, checking the instructions against those of similar antidotes in her book. Snape was watching them all carefully, eyes beady and looking out for any mistake. "Calla," Isobel said quietly. "What do you think would happen if I added mandrake leaves to this?""Why would you even ask?" she whispered back, stirring carefully. "Don't do it, Izzy."By the end of the lesson, Calla was rather confident about her Potion, as it had turned the correct shade of blue and, while possibly a little thin, was mostly the correct consistency. Snape hadn't even had anything bad to say about it, and in the end he hadn't poisoned any of them either. At least not as far as anyone was aware yet - some potions were slow working.As they headed out to Care of Magical Creatures the day before the other students' arrival, it was impossible to ignore the changed state of the castle. It had been undergoing a very thorough round of cleaning recently, and there was hardly a window that wasn't gleaming. Even the slope down to Hagrid's hut and the forest seemed to have been mowed, so that the grass was even for the first time Calla could ever remember. "They all must be really into this Triwizard Tournament," Zach said to Calla as they headed down the hill. "You missed Sprout in the greenhouse yesterday - Hannah, Neville and I were all there - and she was having a right go about how someone had left a trail of crumbs from the kitchen to the common room, and how Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students would never do such a thing!"Calla laughed. "Filch has been polishing the door knocker on Ravenclaw Tower more times than I can even count. It's a bit much.""S'ppose they want Hogwarts to look the best it can, though. Have a bit of school pride, you know. Cedric's been talking about it a lot.""Diggory?" Calla asked."Yeah. He's putting his name down for it, and so's Gwyn Murray and Helen Jones. Don't know any of the others though.""There are a few putting their names down from Ravenclaw, I think," Calla told him. "James Carrel is, Lewis Henderson and I think Annabelle Turner?""I bloody hope it's one of them, if it's not a Hufflepuff. Could you imagine if there was a Gryffindor or Slytherin who got picked? They'd all be insufferable about it.""I don't even want to think of it," Calla muttered, rolling her eyes. "I hope it's one of us. It's about time someone else got the attention from a change.""Maybe it'll stop them all from being at each other's throats so much," Zach said."Fat chance of anything doing that," Calla laughed as they reached Hagrid. "Still, we can dream."The teachers were all seemingly very stressed by the time Friday afternoon came around, while the students all buzzed with excitement. Even McGonagall had a hard time keeping control over them all in Transfiguration, as no one seemed at all interested in performing Switching Spells when they had as exciting things as Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students and the tournament to discuss."I don't even know where Durmstrang is," Padma said in a whisper. "Let alone what the students'll be like.""I think it's somewhere in Scandinavia," said Daphne. "Or maybe Russia. It's cold there, anyway, but they have students from all over Europe. They're both bigger than Hogwarts, too, since we only usually have students from Britain and Ireland."By the time the bell rang for the end of the lesson, the class was completely abuzz, and the Ravenclaws all rushed to the tower to put their books and bags away, grab their cloaks, and rush back downstairs to the Entrance Hall where the rest of the school was gathered. They shifted into their houses, as Flitwick tried to order the chattering, giggling horde all into lines - to do this, he had levitated himself several feet in the air so that everyone could see him - and maintain some semblance of order in the chaos they created.Calla shifted to stand beside Padma, hearing McGonagall scold Parvati for the ornate butterfly she'd worn in her hair. Padma shook her head. "I told her it was over the top." She'd put a blue flower in her own hair, which was quite pretty, though she had insisted it was for the practicality of holding her hair back in classes."Are we all here then?" Flitwick chirped, looking very excitedly. He wiggled in the air, levitating so he could see everybody. "Good, then. Ah... Follow me, please, everyone."They filed quickly down the stairs outside in their lines, everyone still very excited. The evening was crisp outside, and the sun was setting slowly just over the horizon. Calla was glad for the warmth of her cloak, as the air had a certain chill about it, and she pulled the fabric tighter around her so that she wouldn't shiver when the other schools arrived. "How do you think they're getting here?" asked Daphne from Calla's other side, looking up at the sky. "My mother said Beauxbatons has a fleet of winged horses, but I can't imagine making their students fly all the way here on the backs of those. It would be an awful journey.""Maybe they're getting the train?" Isobel suggested, frowning down the front drive towards the gates."Maybe," Calla mused. She glanced back up at the sky. "Brooms, maybe?""Again, that would be an awful journey." Daphne shook her head. "Whatever it is, I'm sure they'll be entirely unnecessary and extravagant.""Oh, I hope it's interesting, though," Padma said. "They won't just use a Portkey?""No," Calla said. "That would be entirely too subtle.""They could Apparate?" Isobel said."No they couldn't," said Lisa from Isobel's other side. "Don't you read, Isobel?" Of course, Calla remembered; no one could Apparate within Hogwarts grounds. It was part of its strange magic."Yes, I do read, Lisa. Do you have any ideas or are you just going to dismiss mine?"Lisa rolled her eyes dramatically. "I think we should wait and find out. I can't wait to see what they do, but you four keep chatting.""That's not going to affect her sight," Daphne muttered, rolling her eyes. "And everyone's chatting!""Ignore her," said Padma placidly. "She's just in a bad mood."Lisa scoffed but said no more, as Dumbledore's voice said suddenly from the back of the crowd, "Aha! I believe the delegation from Beauxbatons is about to arrive!"Everyone stared around sharply. "Where?" Isobel said, squinting.Calla glanced up to the sky and - there. Something very dark and large was flying across the top of the Forest, set against the deepening blue sky. "It's a dragon!" squealed Emma Dobbs, jumping up and down."Don't be stupid!" a Gryffindor shouted back. "It's a flying house!""It's a carriage," Daphne whispered, and Calla squinted, making out the shape of it, turning powder blue in the castle lights, and the gorgeous animals pulling it. The winged horses Daphne had mentioned."You were half right, Daphne!" she said, and Padma tugged on her arm excitedly, losing all pretence of sophistication or sensibility."It's massive!" she cried, beaming ridiculously. "Oh my goodness!"There was a commotion as the carriage drew nearer, forcing the first three rows of students to stumble backwards to avoid getting hit as the carriage landed heavily on the grass. They all peered forward over shoulders, Daphne jumping up so she could get a look, as a golden haired boy in a powder blue robe sprang out of the carriage and fumbled with something for a moment before he let down a set of golden steps and then stepped back respectively.A moment later, a very large, black heeled shoe stepped out, followed by an exceptionally large woman who seemed to be even larger than Hagrid. Calla's eyes widened as she rose up on tiptoe to get a better look; Daphne scowled as the third year in front of her rose too higher to jump over, and she shuffled closer to Calla to try and peer through a gap. "Do you need me to lift you?" Calla teased, earning a glare back.The woman was dressed head to toe in black satin, with glittering opals that adorned her throat and wrists. She had a handsome, olive-skinned face, with dark, beady eyes and a large, beaky sort of nose. But despite her size, she was elegant in her walk, and while the students stared, Dumbledore clapped. They joined in, Calla smiling as she momentarily tried to pick up a scowling Daphne to see. She shot her a playful glare. "Just trying to help."Daphne shook her head, sticking her tongue out, and they broke into giggles as the woman smiled at them all. Lisa Turpin shot a glare along the line and they just giggled more, earning a reluctant grin from Padma. They watched as Dumbledore bent to kiss the woman's large hand, which was also covered in shimmering opal rings. "My dear Madame Maxime," he said to her with a smile. "Welcome to Hogwarts.""Dumbly-dorr," said Madam Maxime. "I hope I find you well?""On fine form," Dumbledore said cheerfully. "I thank you.""My pupils," Madam Maxime said, and waved a rather careless hand behind her. There were about a dozen or so teenagers all standing there, shivering in silk blue robes, some with scarves tied around their heads. They clearly hadn't dressed for the occasion - Calla could see Isobel biting back a laugh at their predicament - and were looking around very apprehensively."Has Karkaroff arrived yet?" asked Madam Maxime."He should be here any minute," Dumbledore told her pleasantly. "Would you prefer to stay here and wait or go inside and warm up a trifle?""Warm up, I should think," said Madame Maxime. "But ze 'orses-""Our Care of Magical Creatures professor can take care of them," Dumbledore said, "as soon as he is finished handling some of his other charges.""They need - er - forceful handling." Madame Maxime looked very dubious of anyone from Hogwarts trying to deal with her horses - who were absolutely massive - but Calla was sure if anyone could deal with them, it would be Hagrid."I assure you., Hagrid will be more than up to the task." Dumbledore smiled."Very well, then," said Madam Maxime, bowing slightly to Dumbledore, "will you inform this Hagrid that ze horses will drink only single malt whiskey?""It will be attended to," Dumbledore told her, and he bowed as well."Come," said Madam Maxime to her crowd of gathered students, and the Hogwarts students all parted to make way for them."I love their robes," Daphne whispered as soon as they were gone. "They look so lovely, they're silk. Not like our things.""They don't look very cozy, though," Calla pointed out, drawing her cloak tighter around her. "Didn't you see them all shivering?""They were pretty though," Padma said. "In terms of the colour.""We should have something like that for the Summer," Daphne agreed. "Black is always too warm... We could have a lovely blue and bronze for Ravenclaw.""Suit yourself," said Isobel, turning to them. "I hate blue on me. It clashes with my hair and everyone makes stupid jokes about it.""Yeah, but Izzy, most things clash with your hair."Isobel pulled a face. "Alright, just because you're blonde..."They were shivering now in the darkness, waiting impatiently and watching the sky above them for the Durmstrang students to arrive. There was silence for a few minutes, everyone waiting in an excited sort of tension, the silence only broken by the giant horses snorting and stamping their feet.Then there was a loud noise that rose up around them in a slightly eerie way. It was a sort of rumbling and sucking sound, like a vacuum cleaner running along the edge of a river bed. Calla stared around into the darkness, listening out as the sound got louder. "The lake!" someone shouted nearby. "Look at the lake!"Everyone turned eagerly towards the lake, where the usually smooth water was being disturbed, ripping out and shaking on the top. Bubbles rose on the surface, like it was slowly boiling; and then there was a sound like a plug being pulled and a whirlpool opened up in the darkness. A long, thin dark pole rose from it slowly, and Calla stared as the rigging came into view. "It's a ship," Padma said, blinking rapidly. She glanced along the line at them. "Isn't it?"Calla nodded; the ship rose slowly and grandly from the dark water, shining in the moonlight. It looked almost skeletal, like it could have been a wreck of some sort, with misty portholes along the hull that seemed like eyes. The ship was magnificent yet at the same time eerie. A wave sloshed against the side as the ship glided forwards towards them, and in a moment an anchor was dropped down into the deep water, grounding the ship. A plank thudded as it was lowered onto the bank.People started to disembark, their silhouettes visible as they passed the misty ship portholes. They all seemed to be built bulkily and stockily, but as they came closer it seemed this was an illusion given by the great fur cloaks they all wore. "They look warmer than the Beauxbatons students, at least," said Calla quietly to Daphne as the Durmstrang students came up towards the light of the Entrance Hall. They were being led by a man wearing sleeker, silver furs, who called out heartily, "Dumbledore!" on his approach. "How are you my dear fellow, how are you?""Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff!" Dumbledore smiled.When Karkaroff stepped into the light, Calla peered closer. Like Dumbledore, he was built tall and thin, but his hair was far shorter, and he had a goatee rather than a beard, curling under his rather weak chin. He shook Dumbledore's hands tightly with two of his own, smiling."Dear old Hogwarts," he said, looking up at the castle. "How good it is to be here... How good... Viktor, here, come along into the warmth. I hope you don't mind Dumbledore, Viktor has a bit of a cold."Karkaroff beckoned forward one of his students and as he passed Calla couldn't help but to recognise him. Mandy still had his poster hanging above her bed, and he was a hard person to forget. She saw his close shaven head, large black eyebrows, and a prominent nose. "Oh my god," she said quietly, as Padma grabbed her arm. "That's - that's Krum!""I know!" said Padma, sounding and looking stunned."I didn't know he was that young," Daphne whispered. "How old do students stay at Durmstrang for?""I thought only seven years," Padma hissed back. "Like everyone. Is he really seventeen?""Eighteen, at least, I thought," Daphne said. "Even still...""Bloody hell," Isobel said as they moved closer together to head up to the Entrance Hall. "Is that really Viktor Krum?""Oh, it is," Lisa said. "Isn't it Mandy?"Mandy went very red. "I - well, yes. It is, but I... Can you believe he's here?" She looked around at them all. "Do you think he'd give me his autograph if I asked?""Yeah, maybe go get your poster from the dorm. He looks like he'd love that."Mandy's face turned even redder as she shook her head; Sue giggled. "I don't believe it. I... I really don't.""Get his autograph if you can," said Michael excitedly, bouncing on his toes to get a better look. "So will I, anyone got a quill?"Lisa handed him one and rolled her eyes, as they all made their way into the Great Hall. The Beauxbatons students appeared to have assembled themselves at the end of the Ravenclaw Table, and the Ravenclaws hung back a moment uncertainly before a couple of older years stepped forward and went to sit down. The rest of them followed, and Daphne went to sit by a dark haired Beauxbatons boy, who was looking very glum. "I speak good French."Calla smiled as she sat down next to her, Padma and Isobel opposite. Daphne turned immediately to the boy, chattering away. Calla could barely catch a word of it, but after a moment the boy laughed warmly, shaking his head, seeming to momentarily forget his dismay at the cold. The other Beauxbatons students didn't seem so cheerful; some of them still held scarves and shawls around their heads, and one girl was wearing a grey furry muffler."Ron looks like he's drooling over Krum," Padma drawled, grinning as she looked over. Calla followed her gaze and giggled; he and Harry both seemed to be watching Krum keenly, and Hermione just rolled her eyes. She caught Calla's eye and grinned, mouthing, 'ridiculous'."To be fair, so do most people," Calla put in. The Durmstrang students had just gone over to sit at the Slytherin Table, who were all looking very pleased with themselves. The Durmstrang students all looked very impressed by the enchanted ceiling, and were looking around with interest.Filch was adding tables at the staff table, not just for the other headteachers, but two others. Calla wondered who those might be for. "Who else is coming?" Padma wondered aloud, nodding to the staff table.Daphne broke off her conversation with the Beauxbatons boy and looked around. "Oh. I don't know. Someone from the Ministry, I suppose. Calla?"Calla shrugged. "Dunno how I'm meant to know.""Do you know, Pierre?" Daphne asked the Beauxbatons boy. He also shrugged."I heard it is someone from your Ministry. Your - Crouch.""Barty Crouch?" Calla hissed."The one who fired his house elf?" Padma whispered across the table, looking at Calla."I think so. He is Head of the Department of Magical Co-Operation, after all." She turned around towards the Gryffindor table again. "Hermione won't like that.""Is she still on her spew campaign?" Isobel asked curiously. She'd joined up for a laugh, and though she appreciated the cause, also enjoyed calling it 'spew' far too much."Yeah. She'll probably be recruiting the exchange students next.""What," the Beauxbatons boy - Pierre - started, "Is this... Spew?" He sounded very confused by the word, like he had to really push the sound out."Society for the Promotion Of Elvish Welfare," Daphne told him. "Our friend Hermione started it and we're all members."Pierre stared. "Why?""The badges are quite cool," Padma said."And I like saying spew.""Also, it's a good cause," Calla said, and Daphne nodded."It is. And Hermione's very passionate about it. She's sitting over at the Gryffindor table." Daphne jerked her head over towards the Gryffindor, who seemed to all be sulking about the Durmstrang students - namely Krum - sitting with the Slytherins. Calla grinned.Their chatter ceased as the rest of the students filed in, followed by the teachers in a long line, at the end of which entreated Dumbledore, Karkaroff, and Madam Maxime. Pierre and the other Beauxbatons students leapt to their feet at her entrance, and didn't sit down until she did. There were a couple of giggles from the other students, but the Beauxbatons pupils didn't seem to pay it any heed. Dumbledore alone remained standing, Maxime and Karkaroff on either side, and held his hand up for silence before he spoke."Good evening," he said, beaming around the hall, "ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and - most importantly - guests. I have great pleasure in welcoming you to Hogwarts. I hope and trust that your stay here will be comfortable and enjoyable."One of the girls further down the table gave a derisive sort of laugh and clutched her muffler tightly. Calla caught Padma and Isobel both rolling their eyes. "The Tournament will be officially opened at the end of the feast," Dumbledore went on pleasantly. "I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourselves at home!"As Dumbledore sat down, the tables filled themselves with food. There were the usual dishes of chicken, black pudding, steak pies, but also many others Calla didn't recognise. Daphne smiled and helped herself, and Calla and Isobel were both staring up and down the table. "Tell me those aren't snails," Isobel said, pointing at a plate. "Tell me they've no gotten us snails!"Calla leaned forward to inspect the plate, and wrinkled her nose. Snails. That seemed like a posh sort of food, to be honest, the kind that was both mildly gross and also intriguing. "Escargot," said Daphne, tossing her hair."Snails," Isobel said with a vaguely horrified sort of nod, and helped herself to what Calla was pretty sure was haggis.Pierre tried the haggis too, and appeared very dubious. "Does it not come from... The loins?""Sheep guts," Isobel said pleasantly. Calla tried to hide a grin.He had one bite, shuddered, and had a snail instead. "Poor show," said Calla with a grin as she tucked into chicken pie."I would not eat that thing again," said Pierre. "Your British food is... Not very much to my tastes.""Haggis is Scottish," Isobel said, looking rather affronted. "And it's better than anything in England.""What about Yorkshire puddings?" Padma asked, frowning."Don't test me, Padma."They ate their way merrily through the first course of the feast, and Pierre's attention was distracted by one of his classmates complaining about a lack of bouillabaisse on their table. "Bouillabaisse?" Isobel whispered."It's really lovely," said Daphne. "I'd have some if there were any.""Over there on that table," said Pierre to the girl who had been complaining about the bouillabaisse - she was the one who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech, and without her muffler Calla found that she was very pretty. Pierre pointed to where Harry, Ron and Hermione were sitting. "With those boys.""You think they will not mind?""That's my brother," Calla said to the girl, who turned around to her, revealing large blue eyes along with her silvery hair. She swallowed thickly. She was really pretty. "The one with the dark hair. He won't eat it, just go ahead.""Thank you," said the girl, making her way over to the Gryffindor table.Calla watched as Ron's face went very purple and he stared at her. She rolled her eyes while Padma and Isobel giggled. "Look at his face," Daphne said, huffing. "You'd think half these boys had never seen a girl before, honestly.""Ah, does your brother's friend like Fleur?" Pierre asked with a grin. Padma laughed. "She is very pretty.""Pierre!" Daphne said in a mock scandalous way."Well, her grandmother is a veela." Pierre shrugged. "It is less surprising when you know her. She is very pretty but she has the veela spirit inside her, too."Fleur came to sit back down, setting the bouillabaisse carefully on the table. She seemed rather oblivious to the stares she was getting from the boys around her - although maybe she was just used to it, and chose to ignore the attention. Calla found herself staring too for a moment, and caught Padma's eye awkwardly."Do you really think she's a veela?" Isobel whispered as Pierre turned away."She's beautiful enough," Padma said, then blinked, looking awkward. "And I don't see why it would be lied about.""Look who's come in," Daphne said abruptly, pointing to the High Table. Mr Bagman and Mr Crouch were both sidling along by the wall, making their way into the spare chairs by Karkaroff and Maxime."Ah, Pierre was right," said Padma. "And Bagman, too. Suppose it makes sense for him to be here, too, to see the Tournament start."As the first course was swept away, it was replaced by a multitude of puddings. Calla spied meringue and immediately took some, piling on cream and berries. "That looks like a mess," said Daphne pointedly, eating a dainty looking pastry."It's a Hogwarts mess," Calla said absently, and Isobel grinned while Padma and Daphne frowned. "You'll get it at some point, Daphne. Keep up the Muggle Studies."When at last they had all finished, Dumbledore got back to his feet again and the hall hushed. It seemed to fill with a sort of pleasant excitement, as everyone leaned closer to see what would happen next and what Dumbledore would say. "The moment has come," said Dumbledore, smiling around at them. "The Triwizard Tournament is about to start. I would like to say a few words of explanation before we bring in the casket-""Casket?" Calla whispered."Death toll," Isobel said in a sarcastically sombre way. Padma shushed her, and shook her head."-just to clarify the procedure which we will be using this year. But firstly let me introduce, for those of you who do not know them, Mr Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department for International Magical Co-Operation." They applauded politely but without very much excitement at all. "And Mr Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports."The applause for him was much louder, which made Mr Crouch look slightly as though he had a lemon in his mouth. Even in wizard's robes he looked awfully serious - and especially when put next to Dumbledore - which was something Calla didn't quite think was possible. Snape and McGonagall didn't even carry the same air of crisp sternness, though maybe it was just strange because she'd first seen him in such a neat Muggle suit."Mr Bagman and Mr Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Tournament. And they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff and Madam Maxime on the panel which will be judging the champions' efforts."The air seemed to sharpen at that, as everyone sat up straighter, with a keener interest in what he had to say. It seemed Dumbledore had noticed. He smiled serenely at them all and then said, "The casket, then, if you please, Filch."They all turned, looking around for Filch as he came out of the shadows, dragging behind him a very large, very old wooden box, inlaid with jewels. "It looks ancient," Isobel whispered, being shushed by Padma.Everyone was looking at the box with great excitement as they anticipated what was about to be revealed from inside. "The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been examined by Mr Bagman and Mr Crouch," Dumbledore said as Filch placed the chest on the table, "and they have made the necessary arrangements for each challenge. There will be three tasks spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways... their magical prowess... their daring... their powers of deduction... and most of all, their ability to cope with danger." At this final word the Hall quieted. Calla shivered. "As you know, three champions compete in the tournament. One from each of the participatin schools. They will be marked on how well they perform each of the tournament tasks, and the champion with the highest total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions themselves will be chosen by an impartial selector... The goblet of fire."Under the eager eyes of every student, Dumbledore took out his wand and tapped it three times on the top of the casket. The lid freaked open very slowly, almost eerily, and Calla squinted as he reached inside, pulling out a very large, roughly hewn wooden cup. It wasn't so grand, but it was remarkable for the blue white flames that danced within it, just spilling over the brim. Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the cup carefully on top of it. It could be seen, Calla was sure, even by those at the very back of the Great Hall."Anyone wishing to submit themselves as champion must write clearly their name and School on a slip of paper and drop it into the goblet," said Dumbledore. Whispering broke out further along the table where a gaggle of sixth years sat. "Aspiring champions have twenty four hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow night, Halloween, the goblet will choose those three it deems most worthy to represent their schools and return their names. The goblet will be placed in the Entrance Hall tonight where it will be freely accessible to all those wishing to compete."To ensure that no underage student yields to temptation," Dumbledore continued, and the sixth years all leaned forward curiously, "I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the Entrance Hall. Nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross this line."Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that the Tournament is not to be entered into lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obliged to see the Tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the goblet constitutes a binding magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you become champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are whole heartedly willing to play before you enter your name into the goblet. Now, I think it is time to say goodnight to you all.""So it's an age line then?" whispered Isobel as they made their way out the Hall amongst the mass of students. "Do you think anyone's going to try and get over it?""Oh, definitely," said Padma. "Probably some Gryffindor.""Fred and George are already working on it, I'm sure," Calla said."They'll be trying to rope you in next."Calla shook her head. "No thanks. I wouldn't go in for it even if I was seventeen. You've no idea what they might have the champions do.""True," said Daphne. "Still, would've been nice to have a glance... Maybe there's a way around it.""Really all you'd need is an older student to put it in for you," said Lisa breezily, coming over to them with Mandy and Michael in tow. "That's what I'm going to do.""Like you'd get picked," said Daphne, shaking her head."You never know until you find out," said Lisa loftily and went on in front of them."She won't get picked," Daphne said, glaring. "She won't even have the guts to put her name in.""I bloody hope she doesn't," Isobel said. "Imagine how insufferable she'd be. I'm supporting Annabelle, all the way."They all nodded. "As long as it's a Ravenclaw or a Hufflepuff," Padma said. "Parvati's convinced it's going to be a Gryffindor, and I don't want her to be right."Calla grinned at the thought. "Suppose we'll know soon enough, won't we?""I suppose so," Padma said.They all stayed up late that night, discussing their theories on who the Hogwarts champion would be, until they were all tired beyond words and slept soundly through the night. Calla dreamt of the goblet of fire, lit up pink and dazzling the hall, and she dreamt of green light that surged through the windows and made everything still. A cold voice yelled something that she couldn't make out. It jolted her from her dream, her heart pounding. But all she could hear in her dormitory was Isobel's snoring and the faint hoots of owls somewhere far away. There was nothing to hurt her here, she told herself, sipping cold water and breathing in carefully. She was safe.Author's Note: I meant to update this on Friday, then realised the chapter was only half done and I couldn't find a scene that I thought I had written for it, and is probably stuck in some random folder on my laptop, so this is a bit later than planned! The next update should hopefully be coming on Wednesday! Stay safe, and I hope you enjoyed reading!

All of them got up early the next morning, even though as it was a Saturday they would have usually slept in. Calla sent off a letter to Remus about the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students when she got up - "It's seven o'clock, tell that bloody bird to shut up!" Lisa had shouted across the dormitory - and then went on downstairs with Daphne and Padma.In the Entrance Hall, there were already two dozen or so people milling around and watching the goblet of fire, which still flickered blue. "Turner put her name in yet?" Daphne asked Marietta Edgecombe, who was sitting by the Great Hall doors reading the Daily Prophet - the article on the front discussed security concerns for the Tournament, after what had happened at the World Cup."I heard Annabelle Turner put hers in last night," Marietta said. "But I haven't seen Carrel or Henderson yet." Cho Chang came out of the Great Hall then, holding some toast for the two of them."Did I miss anything?" she asked them."No," said Marietta, taking her toast, "I haven't seen anyone from Hogwarts put their names in.""Even Cedric?" Cho asked, as the other three moved off into the Great Hall to grab some toast for themselves before they went out again. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had all just arrived and were looking around interestedly."Anyone put their name in yet?" Ron asked as they went over."Annabelle Turner, apparently," said Calla. "But I haven't seen anyone.""Bet some of them put their names in last night," said Harry, and took a piece of Calla's toast. She rolled her eyes at him. "It's what I would have done if it were me. Wouldn't want everyone watching. I mean, what if the goblet just spat your name back out again?""Would have happened to me, I bet," Calla muttered, just as there was a loud laugh from behind them. She turned, to see Fred and George running excitedly down the stairs with their friend Lee Jordan in tow, beaming."We've only gone and done it!" Fred whispered joyfully to Ron. "Just taken it!"Taken what?""The Aging Potion, dungbrains!" Fred hissed."Just one drop each," said George, rubbing his hands together gleefully. "We only need to age a few months each.""It's not going to work," Hermione sang, rolling her eyes. "Dumbledore will have thought of this you know. He won't be fooled by a simple Aging Potion."The boys ignored her. "This'll be interesting," said Daphne, smirking a little as she watched."Ready?" Fred asked the other two, who nodded excitedly. He took from his pocket a small slip of parchment bearing the words: Fred Weasley, Hogwarts. He went to the edge of the line, hovering there with his toes right by the line, rocking back and forward like he was preparing to dive off of a board. Everyone in the hall was watching him, and as he stepped forward Calla thought for a moment, with a deep breath, that it had actually worked. George let out a whoop of glee and jumped in right after his brother, but not a second later there was a flash of golden light and the two of them were both tossed out of the circle. She shrieked a little as Fred came flying towards her, and she stumbled away as she and George both landed painfully. She stared a moment and then a second later there was a popping noise and their hair went a bright white, and they both sprouted fluffy, identical beards. She laughed, grinning, along with everybody else in the hall, and a moment later, Fred and George joined in and looked at each other, taking in their beards."I did warn you," said Dumbledore as he came through the crowd, which parted easily for him. He looked around at Fred and George with his eyes twinkling. "I suggest you two go up to Madam Pomfrey in the Hospital Wing. She is already tending to Miss Fawcett of Ravenclaw, and Mr Summers of Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age themselves up a little, too. Though I must say, neither of their beards is quite as fine as yours."Fred and George set off towards the Hospital Wing, with Lee Jordan howling with laughter behind them. The rest of them were still laughing as they headed in for breakfast, Calla, Daphne and Padma splitting from Harry, Ron and Hermione. The Great Hall, Calla noted upon second entry, seemed to have pulled out all the stops with this year's Halloween decorations. Crowds of bats swarmed around the ceiling, and the pumpkins were bright and orange already, leering from every corner. None of the Beauxbatons students had yet made their way to the end of the Ravenclaw table, but Lucy Burton and Greta Anderson, seventh years, were both having a very nervous, whispered discussion between themselves. They glanced up as the three girls sat down, and Greta smiled tensely before they went back to their whispering."So, apart from Annabelle, the Weasleys and Diggory, who has actually put their names in?" Daphne asked."Zach said Gwyn Murray and Helen Jones," Calla said. "But I don't know if they actually did or not.""Same with Carrel and Henderson," said Padma. "Suppose we'll see, though.""Cassius is putting his name in, too," said Daphne. "Cassius Warrington.""Slytherin?" Padma asked, glancing over at their table. "Really?""Yeah. Suppose it'd be alright if he got in, but I'd rather Annabelle or someone from our house."Just as she said so, Lucy and Greta both stood up at the same time, grasping slips of parchment in their hands with looks of nervous determination. "Are you two going for it?" Calla asked, and they both nodded. "Good luck!""Thanks, Potter," said Greta as she left, looking very nervous. They barely made it to the other end of the table when there was a great, resounding cheer from the Entrance Hall. Calla saw Angelina Johnson, one of Gryffindor's Chasers whom she knew Harry to be friendly with, running into the hall to a round of applause. Greta and Lucy both stilled, exchanged nervous glances, and then determinedly headed out.Hardly a moment went by before a large barn owl swooped down into the Great Hall, landing neatly just behind Calla's scrambled eggs. She untied her letter quickly, and exchanged a glance with Harry, who was sat at the Gryffindor Table. He frowned at her, and she shook her head, untying the letter. It had the address of the post office in the Muggle town of Aberendie nearby, the name of Calla Potter, as well a Muggle stamp on it, with the picture of the Queen. Daphne looked over curiously. "I still wish she'd move," she said, prodding Queen Elizabeth's face."Stamps don't move, Daphne," she said, opening the letter as the owl fluttered away.To Calla,I'm so glad you've managed to figure out how to get letters between us. Your school's dead weird for not letting people write directly to you - I'm not fully convinced you're not secretly in some weird gang that gives you the Summers off - but at least we've got it right. That Chemistry teacher (she meant Snape) sounds like a prick. I've got Mrs Worsley for Sciences and she's a bit weird, I don't think she actually knows what she's talking about. This English curriculum is weird anyway, I am sort of glad I've got time to adjust to it. Also, I've met Rosie Tyne and she says she knows you from primary school? She said to say hi, so I guess that's it. Now we know this works (or at least I hope it does), please write back as soon as you can with anything you want to tell me. P.S.: your aunt seemed very upset about the flowers in her garden the other day. They're wilting, because it's October, which she doesn't seem to appreciate. Thought you'd be interested. She glared at me when I went past.- MairiShe grinned. She'd asked around at the start of term to see if anyone knew a way to get post to and from Muggles who didn't have knowledge of the wizarding world, and though they weren't really meant to, she'd heard that the nearest Muggle post office in Aberendie, had a squib who would send letters from there to the Owl Post Office in Hogsmeade. That way, wizards could use owls to send post part the way, and receive post from Muggles, too. It seemed it had worked out."Is this from your Muggle friend?" Padma asked, pointing at the letter."Yeah," Calla said, grinning warmly as she folded the paper up and put it into her pocket. "I didn't know if it'd work out trying to get the post to her, but it has. I'll write her back later, they won't deliver on Sundays anyway.""Why ever not?" Daphne asked with a deep frown."It's too holy for letters," Calla said, clasping her hands together. "You can't possibly expect post officers to work on the Holy Day.""I do my homework on Sundays," Daphne grumbled."Yeah," Padma said, rolling her eyes, "but that's because you always put it off every other day of the week."They were almost done with their breakfast when Harry came over with Ron in tow. "We're heading down to Hagrid's," he told the three of them, "if you'd like to come.""I told Parvati I'd work on the History of Magic essay with her and Lavender," said Parvati apologetically.Calla, who had already been going to go to the greenhouses with Zacharias and Susan, pondered a moment. "I'll come down but I can't stay the whole time. I'll just tell Susan.""I suppose I'll join you boys then," drawled Daphne, shaking her hair out. "I haven't seen Hagrid outside of class in ages."Calla went over quickly to the Hufflepuff table, where everyone was chattering excitedly, most of them clustered around Cedric Diggory. She grinned as she dropped down quickly into a seat next to Zach, who turned around, startled. "Ah, what time are we heading down?""I'm going to visit Hagrid for a little bit with my brother and the others. But I'll come meet you two about one o'clock, maybe? It depends how long we are.""As long as you can help me get my Ogham straight, I don't mind what time we see you at," said Susan with a grin."Don't count on me," Calla laughed. "I swear it's still all gone out my head. It makes no sense for e to have more branches than u.""I know," Zach groaned, shaking his head. "I don't know how Babbling expects us to have it all in our heads and be able to write with them.""Neither," said Calla as she got up. "Well, I'll see the two of you down there, yeah?"They nodded and she went quickly to the edge of the hall where Harry, Ron, and Daphne were already standing, peering out into the Entrance Hall. She frowned and peered over, to see Madam Maxime leading her Beauxbatons students through the Entrance Hall. One by one they all dropped their names into the flaming goblet of fire, which spat out sparks of red. "What d'you think'll happen to the ones who don't get chosen?" Ron asked them. "D'you reckon they'll just go back to school or hang around to watch the Tournament?""Hang around, I suppose," said Harry, and Calla nodded her agreement. "I dunno, but Madam Maxime is staying to judge, isn't she?"When all of the Beauxbatons students had submitted their names, they organised back into a line behind Madam Maxime and headed back out into the school grounds. "Where are they sleeping then?" Ron asked."The carriage," said Daphne, "that's what Pierre said.""Pierre?""One of the students.""How'd you talk to him?"Daphne fixed Ron with a cold glare. "In French."Ron went red. "That's not-""And then English."A loud rattling noise from behind broke up the conversation. Hermione had just appeared, beaming, and was shaking her S.P.E.W. box excitedly. "You're bringing the badges?" Calla asked with a frown."Well, I haven't asked Hagrid to join us yet!" she said. "So I thought this would be a perfect opportunity.""I'm not really sure you'll persuade Hagrid to join," Daphne told her. "Most people don't agree with what you think at all, you know.""Well, in that case I'll just have to be extra persuasive," said Hermione defiantly. "Hagrid will see my point, he knows it's wrong to treat people the way house elves are treated.""So do I," Daphne was quick to assure her. "I'm just saying most people don't. But if you want to try, go try."Ron jumped down the steps, huffing. "Hurry up," he told them, breaking the small argument. They all went out into the chilly air, and Calla realised Daphne was correct as they saw the Beauxbatons students filtering back into the powder blue carriage that had taken them to Hogwarts in the first place. The massive horses were grazing in a sort of makeshift paddock next to it.Harry knocked on Hagrid's door, answered immediately by Fang's booming barks. It had felt like ages since Calla had last seen Fang. Hagrid flung the door open and burst into a smile. "'Bout time, too!" he said. "I was startin' to wonder if you lot had forgotten where I lived!""We've been really busy, Hag-"She cut off, having just looked up and noticed what Calla had - Hagrid's rather unconventional attire. He was dressed in his 'best' furry brown suit, along with a hideous checked orange and yellow tie. His hair had been... Well, he'd done something to it at least, though whether with hair gel or with actual grease, Calla wasn't honestly certain. It looked like he'd tried to put it in two ponytails. Calla could tell Daphne was holding back her stunned laugh, as all of them goggled at him. "Erm," said Hermione, as all of them fumbled for words. "Where are the Skrewts?""Out by the pumpkin patch," said Hagrid in a cheerful way. "They're gettin' massive, mus' be nearly three foot long now. Only trouble is, they've started killing each other.""Oh dear," said Calla faintly, hoping that they would not be attending to the Skrewts today."Yeah," Hagrid said sadly, looking very upset about it, "S'OK though, I've got them all in their separate boxes now. Still got abou' twenty.""That's lucky," Ron said sarcastically. Hagrid didn't seem to notice, but Daphne was suppressing a grin. Calla elbowed her gently, shaking her head.They went to sit down in the hut while Hagrid made them tea. The last time they'd all been there was Buckbeak's trial, a night that seemed so dreadfully long ago now. Calla's mind drifted, as she wondered where Wormtail was now, if Remus and Sirius had made any more progress in trying to find him. But the others didn't seem to care as much, and became quickly immersed in discussion about the Triwizard Tournament. "Oh, Hagrid, you can at least tell us what the First Task is," Daphne pleaded, and she shook his head."No, yer not to know. But you jus' wait, though, you jus' wait... It'll be fantastic, an' that's all I can tell yeh. Them champions'll have their work cut out fer them, I know tha'. Never thought I'd live ter see the Triwizard Tournament played out again!""I hope one of the Ravenclaws gets chosen," Calla said. "There were quite a few of our girls who put their names in. And did Angelina for Gryffindor?""Yeah. And Warrington of Slytherin, though," Harry said with a shudder. "I couldn't stand a Slytherin champion.""Of course you couldn't," said Daphne with a roll of her eyes. "Warrington's not even the worst of them, he just looks a bit of a brute.""That's cause he is one," Ron muttered.They wound up staying at Hagrid's to eat lunch, which meant a beef casserole that Calla was slightly wary of after Hermione found a talon in hers. Daphne seemed thoroughly put off, something which Calla didn't really suppose she could blame her for. They all kept trying their very hardest to get Hagrid to tell them about what the tasks were, and though he wouldn't say a word Calla was sure that it would be something to do with some magical creature, if Hagrid knew so much about what would be done. By the time Calla was thinking of setting off to meet Zach and Susan at the greenhouses, it was beginning to drizzle with rain outside. She watched it fall absently as Hagrid knitted a pair of lurid orange socks and argued with Hermione about house elves - he had, upon being asked and shown the badges, flat out refused to join S.P.E.W.."Yeh'd be doing them an unkindness, Hermione," he told her. "It's in their nature ter look after humans, it's in their nature, see? It's wha' they like. Yeh'd be makin' 'em unhappy tryin' ter take away their work, and yeh'd be insultin' 'em by offerin' ter pay 'em.""But Harry set Dobby free," Hermione protested, "and he was over the moon about it! And he has wages now!""Aye, well, yeh get weirdos in every breed.""He can't be the only one, though," Daphne piped up. "Perhaps not all of the house elves want to be set free, because most of them are treated well. But if Dobby can be treated how he was, others might have been, too.""I'm no' sayin' there's no elf that'll take their freedom," Hagrid said, shaking his head, "but yeh'll never persuade most of them ter do it - no, nothin' doin', Hermione.""I'm sure there is something, though," said Calla gently. "Why not ask the elves?""Ask them?" Hermione frowned, and then her eyes brightened. "Of course, Calla! They work in the kitchens, how do I get in?"Calla giggled as she stood up. "I'm not telling you unless you promise you won't go in there trying to give them all clothes. I said I'd meet Zach and Susan, but I'll see you all at the feast tonight, won't I?""Sure," said Harry, though Hermione was looking rather cross at this announcement (or perhaps at the refusal to tell her where the kitchens was).She had her cloak pulled over her hair as she made the couple of minutes' journey over to the greenhouses, trying to avoid the rain. She could see the blurred figures of Zach and Susan just inside the glass, behind the great leaves of potted plants, some of which turned and twisted and swayed of their own accords. Someone that looked like Professor Sprout was bustling around with a watering can, followed by Neville.Calla slipped inside into the warmth and smiled, calling a greeting over to Zach and Susan. They looked up, as did Cedric Diggory, who was sitting looking nervous in the corner. "Ugh, I hate when it's drizzly like this," she said, sitting down wearily beside Zach. "It always makes my hair feel horrid."Susan chuckled. "So do I. At least it's not a downpour, though, I suppose."A nearby plant snapped at them and Susan rolled her eyes as she poured water onto it. "Demanding thing. How's Hagrid?""Alright," said Calla, "but he won't tell any of us anything about the Tournament. Suppose we shouldn't have expected him to, though. It sounds great besides.""I'll say," said Zach, looking towards the corner. "Cedric? How are you feeling?""Wonderful," Cedric mumbled with a weak smile. He shook his head. "Suppose I'll just have to wait and see what happens. If I get chosen, I get chosen, if I don't, suppose it's not like I've lost anything." But Calla could tell that he certainly wanted to be chosen."Well, if it can't be a Ravenclaw, I hope it's you," said Calla warmly. "I'm sure you'd do fantastic.""Thanks, Potter," said Cedric tersely, and frowned down at whatever diagrams he was looking over.The afternoon passed rather slowly, as Calla, Susan and Zach worked away at their Ancient Runes homework, eventually becoming bored of it and taking it in turns to stick twigs into Venus flytraps and see how long each of them took to react, until Professor Sprout told them off for it. Neville joined them as the conversation turned to Care of Magical Creatures - he was certainly not a fan of the Blast-Ended Skrewts - and they left at around about five o'clock to go to the Halloween feast. Cedric had already gone, joined by a large crowd of his friends desperate to get him into the school so that he could get a good seat to see the goblet of fire spit the champions' names out.When the entered the Great Hall, it was already getting full, and lit by gorgeous, soft candle lights. The Goblet of Fire had been moved to stand just in front of Dumbledore's usual seat at the teachers' High Table. "I hope it's Annabelle Turner," said Calla as she went to sit next to Padma. "Isn't Daphne here yet?""No," Padma said, glancing around. "She must still be at Hagrid's."Calla raised her eyebrows. "That's nice." She couldn't remember the last time Daphne had spent such a long time with Harry, Ron and Hermione, especially without her there. It was a little weird and she didn't quite understand why.The Hall was almost full by the time Daphne arrived, taking her seat between Calla and one of the fifth year guys. "You took your time," Calla said, as Daphne dragged her fingers furiously through her hair."We had a nice afternoon," said Daphne, shrugging. "Well, actually, it got a bit dull after you left. Hermione was in an awful mood about the spew thing, I tried to explain Hagrid's position to her but she, er, didn't really like that.""So Hagrid hasn't joined the cause then?" Padma asked, as the great golden plates filled with food and she heaped chicken pie into it."No," Daphne said shortly. "He said it'd be doing them more harm than good.""It's a shame," Padma said. "But I suppose it isn't surprising."The feast seemed to take an awful lot time even as they chatted and laughed their way through the evening. Everyone's eyes just kept wandering towards the goblet, which was still bright with its blue fire. People kept standing up, craning their necks to see whether Dumbledore was done eating yet, as if it would make time go faster. If Calla had been excited at first, the atmosphere in the Hall only exacerbated this and by the time she was done it was all she wanted to hear the champions' names out of the goblet.When at long last the golden plates cleared themselves, the atmosphere in the hall shifted greatly again, the excitement near tangible. The noise level reached an all time high just before Dumbledore stood, and silence descended thickly upon them. Professor Karkaroff and Madam Maxime looked excited and tense by his side, while Bagman beamed around at all the students, winking excitedly. Crouch looked as stern as ever, and almost bored."Well," said Professor Dumbledore, "the goblet is almost ready to make its decision. I estimate that it will require one more minute. Now, when the champions' names are called, I ask them to come up to the front of the hall, walk along the High Table and go through into the next chamber." He waved to the door beside the staff table. "There, they will be receiving their next instructions."He waved his wand extravagantly, sweeping it over the hall, as the candles flickered out. The only light seemed to be coming from the goblet. Calla peered at it interestedly, an excited swooping feeling in her stomach. Everyone was watching at the same time, some checking their watches and muttering. "Any moment now," Mandy whispered excitedly across the table. She was standing up, seeming to bounce on the balls of her feet.And a moment later, the blue flames in the goblet turned a brilliant scarlet colour, sparks flying and spat from it. A charred piece of parchment cluttered out of it, carried on its own breeze, and everyone in the hall gasped. Dumbledore caught the parchment swiftly and held it up in front of everybody at arm's length so he could read it through his half moon spectacles. Calla held her breath."The champion for Durmstrang," he said in a loud, clear voice, "will be Viktor Krum!""Bloody hell!" Mandy shouted excitedly, clapping furiously. "Krum!""Not surprised!" Michael said cheerfully. "Come on, Krum!""Sit down, Corner," said Daphne tiredly, though she was clapping too. "I want to hear who our champion is."Krum rose from his place at the Slytherin table and slouched along the hall up to the High Table, where he strode along and then slipped into the door at the side. "Bravo, Viktor!" Karkaroff's voice boomed across the Great Hall. "Knew you had it in you!"Gradually, the cheering and applauding died down, and everyone returned their attentions to the goblet of fire, which started to sputter with red flames again. Another slip of parchment shot out from within the flames, flying straight into Dumbledore's outstretched hand. "The champion for Beauxbatons," he said, "is Fleur Delacour!"Fleur, who was sitting down the end of the table near to Luna Lovegood - who didn't look like she knew what was happening at all and was instead looking intently at the bats up above them - got gracefully to her feet. She shook back her long silvery hair, and swept between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables to great applause. Two of the other girls had started crying, sobbing with their heads on their arms, and Calla saw Pierre pat one of them awkwardly on the arm, looking himself very disappointed.When the applause died down again and Fleur slipped into the other chamber, the tense excitement in the Hall seemed to reach a boiling point. Lucy Burton and Greta Anderson were holding each other's hands tightly, knuckles white, and Annabelle Turner was kneading her fingers together. The Hall was completely silent, almost stiff with it, as everyone waited. The Hogwarts student was next... Calla looked nervously between the Ravenclaw candidates.The goblet of fire turned red again, emitting its sparks. Calla straightened up with excitement bubbling all through her, watching and waiting. A flame shot high into the air, and Dumbledore plucked from it another slip of charred parchment. "The Hogwarts champion," he said loudly, "is Cedric Diggory!"A great roar of cheers went up from the next table as the Hufflepuffs all went absolutely wild. The group nearer Cedric were clapping him violently on the back, as he stumbled to his feet, beaming but seemingly shocked. Annabelle, Lucy and Greta were all applauding politely too, beaming over at Cedric. He beamed as he headed off towards the High Table, walking along proudly as all the professors applauded loudly, and then he slipped into the chamber. The applause didn't even die down then, and Dumbledore had to wait ages until he could be heard over the din. "Excellent, Cedric!" he shouted, as the Hufflepuff table continued to cheer. "Well, we now have our three champions. I hope I can count on all of you, including the remaining students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, to give your champions every ounce of support you can muster. By cheering your champion on, you will contribute in a very real-"But Dumbledore went quiet. Calla frowned, peering over as the goblet's fire turned red again. Her stomach tumbled. Everyone looked at each other, confused and surprised. "What the hell's going on?" Isobel whispered, and Calla shook her head, hardly daring to breathe in response.Another giant red flame shot up into the sky, with a slip of parchment borne upon it. Dumbledore took it, his hands seeming to tremble as he did so. He held it out, reading the name written upon it. There was a long, heavy silence as Dumbledore stared at the parchment, and everyone in the hall stared back at him. Then he cleared his throat, and said into the silence, "Harry and Calla Potter."Author's Note: So the decision to include Calla in the Tournament was one I debated on for ages. As in, I didn't decide for definite until this January, and I started writing this fic in 2017. I promise there is a point to it, and Calla's presence in the graveyard will not only be important to revealing more about her magic and character, but also plotwise - though I obviously don't want to spoil. Anyway, I hope the decision pays off - Calla's approach to the Tournament tasks has been really fun for me to write and now I'm coming to writing the end of fourth year I am happy I chose to go this route instead of one of the other routes I had considered earlier. Hope you all enjoyed reading, stay safe, and I shall update soon!

There was a moment of silence before a sort of ringing echoed in Calla's ears. She was simply aware of the gazes of the Hall, swivelling between her and Harry, some furious, some confused, some shocked. Someone's hand was on her arm, holding her, and her heart beat furiously in her chest. She should have known. Something like this was bound to happen, certainly to Harry, but, to her? She felt sick to her stomach.She couldn't compete. It required magic, strong magic, and she wasn't strong by any means of the word. "What the hell, Potter?" Lisa hissed across the table, as McGonagall swept along the High Table, leaning down to whisper something urgently in Dumbledore's ears. There was a great lump in Calla's throat, and terror coiled in her chest, cold and heavy like a rope of iron."I..." Was all she could fumble out. She hadn't. Harry hadn't. Who - who had done it? Her eyes swept around the hall, but everyone looked just as shocked as she did. She knew a student wouldn't have done it anyway. She glanced to the High Table, where McGonagall looked stricken, Trelawney faint, and Snape very white, his lips pressed into a thin line. Moody's one eye was wide, the other swivelling around the room, electric blue and very suspicious. Calla clasped her hands together tightly; they were shaking awfully and she couldn't control them. Her whole body shook with shock and nerves. Why, why, why.Dumbledore rose and anxiety curled in her gut. She knew what was coming, she didn't even have to see it beforehand. "He can't..." She whispered, lips numb around the words."Harry and Calla Potter!" Dumbledore called. "Harry? Calla? Up here now, if you please."Her legs were shaking too much for her to stand up. And her head was spinning, ears ringing with the sound of her name. She could see Harry stumble to his feet, Hermione pushing him onwards, and felt Daphne and Padma haul her upright. "You have to go," Padma whispered, holding her tightly.She shook her head, trembling. "No, no. No, I can't. Padma, you - you know I can't." Her voice went shrill. "I can't compete!""They won't make you," Daphne said quietly, squeezing her hand. She didn't look convincing. "They can't make you, but you - you have to go."She was sure that if her friends let her go for even a second she would simply fall apart. Her brother had already made his way along the hall and was standing before Dumbledore, white faced and shocked. He couldn't compete either, she thought, forcing herself to move even as she felt certain she was about to cry. Everyone in the hall stared at her. Her cheeks felt awfully hot, and her eyes felt like they were simply burning from terrified tears. "Go on," Padma whispered, taking her hand off. She stumbled a step, feeling at once heavy and empty as she walked between the Ravenclaw and Slytherin tables. Everyone's eyes were on her, and when she looked over she could see Zach and Susan staring at her, seeming confused."Professor," she said at the end of the Hall, legs shaking. "Professor, I - I can't! I can't compete, you know I can't! I'll - I'll die, I can't! Please, plea- please, you can't make me do this!"Her voice shook over her words. "Through the door, Calla, Harry, if you will.""But Dumbledore!""Now, please."Her voice lost its words and she followed her brother silently along the High Table towards the door into the other chamber. Hagrid sat at the end, neither smiling nor winking, looking terrified and confused, just as Calla felt. She held the end of her robe sleeves tightly, balling her hands into tight fists and biting down on her lip, certain that she would scream if she opened her mouth. This couldn't be happening. She couldn't do it.They went through the door together, into a smaller chamber which was lined with paintings of various witches and wizards. A fire roared in the fireplace opposite.The people in the portraits turned to stare as they entered. Some of them whispered, but it felt louder in Calla's head. It rang horribly, and she felt her stumbling down the few stairs into the chamber. Cedric, Krum, and Fleur all stood before the fire, speaking in low voices. They appeared strangely impressive, silhouetted there against the flames. They looked tall, and Calla felt tiny as she stepped into the room, looking worriedly at Harry who for once seemed to have nothing to say. And neither did she. They just stared at each other in shock, Calla still shaking as she felt tears bloom behind her eyes, well up and fall over her cheeks. She wiped them away hastily as Fleur turned to look at them, her pretty hair swaying behind her."What is it?" she said, frowning at them. "Do they want us back in the hall?"Calla swallowed with great difficulty. She hadn't the words to explain what had just happened, any more than it seemed Harry did. Cedric Diggory was looking at them very strangely, seeming rather confused. There was a great sound behind them, like that of scurrying feet, and Calla whipped around tensely, only to see Ludo Bagman hurrying towards them. He took them both by the arm, dragging them forward, and Calla stumbled again, hair flying into her face. She shoved it hastily out of the way, trying to flatten it down under Fleur's scrutinising gaze."Extraordinary!" Ludo exclaimed, holding Calla very tightly indeed. "Absolutely extraordinary, I say! Gentlemen, lady..." He went to stand by the fireside, beaming, as he addressed the other three of them. "May I introduce Harry and Calla Potter. The fourth and fifth champions!""No," Calla said hoarsely, surprising herself. She shook her head furiously. "This is a mistake, Bagman, we - we didn't put our names in. We don't want to - we can't compete!""Eez this a joke?" Fleur demanded haughtily, putting her hands on her hips."Oh, no, no," said Bagman. "This is no joke. Harry and Calla's names just came out of the goblet - together!" He laughed. "How about that?"Krum's eyebrows knitted together in confusion and Cedric glanced between them, looking politely bewildered. "But there has been some mistake," Fleur protested. "Zey cannot compete, zey are too young!""Well, it is amazing," Bagman said, rubbing his smooth chin and beaming down at Calla and Harry in turn, but at Harry most of all. "But, as you know, the age restriction was only imposed this year as a safety precaution. And as their names came out of the goblet... Well, I don't think there can be any ducking out at this stage... it's all down in the rules... the two of you are obliged to compete now, Harry, Calla... The two of you'll just have to do the best you can." Calla felt like she was going to be sick.There was a great rumbling of feet again, as a second later the door was flung open and Professor Karkaroff stormed into their little chamber, followed by Madam Maxime, Professor Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snape, and Crouch. On the other side of the wall was the sound of hundreds of students all buzzing and whispering about what had just happened, and then the door slam shut behind them, sealing them off from the hall."Madame Maxime!" Fleur stalked over to her headmistress at once, tossing her hair furiously. "Zey are saying zat these little children are to compete also!"Calla still felt numb, but she could see Harry's jaw tighten a moment, and felt a small prickle of frustration. No one was even listening. "We-" Calla started, but was cut off by Madam Maxime, who had drawn herself up to her full height."What is the meaning of this, Dumbledore?" she asked in an imperious sort of voice."I'd rather like to know that myself, Dumbledore," said Karkaroff with an icy look. His smile was steely and thin, like a wire. "Three Hogwarts champions? I don't remember reading in the rules that the host school was allowed to have three champions! You might as well have the Triwizard Tournament yourself with that number! Or have I not read the rules carefully enough?"He laughed coldly. "C'est impossible," said Madam Maxime, her giant hand resting atop Fleur's shoulder. "'Ogwarts cannot have three champions. It is most injust.""We were under the impression that your Age Line would keep out younger contestants, Dumbledore," said Karkaroff. "Otherwise, we would of course have brought along wider selections from our own schools.""It's no one's faults but the Potters', Karkaroff," said Snape in a soft sort of voice. "They have been breaking the rules since the moment they arrived at this school.""That is enough, Severus," said Dumbledore, cutting him off with a wave of his hand. He peered down at Calla and Harry, in a way that wasn't quite gentle, but more curious than anything else either. "Did you put your names into the goblet of fire?""No," said Calla immediately.Snape made a sound of disbelief behind them and she prickled. "Did you ask an older student to put it in for you?" Dumbledore asked."No," said Harry, shaking his head."Ah, but of course, 'e is lying!" cried Madam Maxime. Snape shook his head, lip curling unpleasantly. A part of Calla prickled with hot anger, wanted to accuse him - Snape would love to get them into a Tournament where they could die 'by accident' especially Harry - but she knew he wouldn't really do it. Even if it was only because he wouldn't want to risk Harry actually winning. And then, she didn't really want to think he hated them that much."I think we can all agree that neither Potter could have crossed the Age Line," said McGonagall crisply."Dumbly-dorr must have made a mistake with ze line," said Madam Maxime crossly."It is possible, of course." Dumbledore inclined his head politely and McGonagall huffed."Don't be ridiculous, Albus, you know fine well you did not make a mistake with that Age Line. Really, what nonsense! Neither Harry nor Calla could have crossed the line themselves, and as Professor Dumbledore believes - as do I - that they did not ask an older student to put it in for them, I'm sure that should be good enough for everyone else!"Calla didn't miss the very angry look that he shot towards Professor Snape. A second later, before anyone could speak again, Professor Flitwick bounded into the room; the hall beyond him was quiet now. "Ah, Filius," said Dumbledore calmly. "I am glad you could join us. Are the students settled?""Gone back to their dormitories," Flitwick said, glancing up and around at everybody. "All quite incensed by what has just happened.""I have no doubt," said Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling.Calla let out a small breath as Flitwick came over to join them; he was her Head of House and, as such, would surely support her in this matter. He would know she didn't put her name in, and hopefully would understand that she couldn't be expected to compete if she didn't want to. She'd never agreed to it in the first place. "Bagman," Karkaroff was saying, "Crouch. Surely you both agree that this is most... irregular." His smile looked brittle, and Calla was sure it would break into a scowl at any moment.Bagman wiped at his shining forehead with a handkerchief and then look around cheerfully, eyes landing on Mr Crouch. He stood still half in the shadows, the darkness making him look slightly eerie and even more severe than ever. Calla felt uncomfortable when she looked at him, standing there, looking almost cold even by the roaring fire. He spoke in his usual curt voice. "We must follow the rules, and the rules state clearly that those people whose names come out of the goblet are bound to compete in the Tournament.""What?" Calla protested. "But-""Well, Barty knows the rulebook back to front," said Bagman, bouncing on his toes. He turned back to Karkaroff and Maxime cheerfully as though the matter was now closed."But you can't make us compete! We didn't even put our own names in!""I insist on re-submitting the names of my other students," Karkaroff said, now with no trace of a smile. "You will set up the goblet of fire once more, and we will continue adding names until each school has three champions. It is the only fair way, Dumbledore.""But Karkaroff, it doesn't work like that," said Bagman, seeming quite cheerful about it all. Calla was feeling rather sick, and warm, and it wasn't just because of the fire. She glanced at Harry, who was pale and rather numb-looking. Her stomach twisted. "The goblet of fire's already gone out. It won't reignite until the start of the next Tournament-""In which Durmstrang will not be competing!" Karkaroff exploded, spittle flying. "After all of our meetings and negotiations and compromises, I little expected something of this nature to occur! I have half a mind to leave now!""Empty threat, Karkaroff," growled a voice from beside the door. Calla turned slightly, not having realised when Moody first entered. "You can't leave your champion now. He's got to compete. They've all got to compete. Binding magical contract, like Dumbledore said. Convenient, eh?""But it can't be," Calla protested. She looked furtively to Harry for support. "We - we didn't put our names in, you can't make us compete. How can you have a binding magical contract that one party never even agreed to!""Unless one party did agree," said Snape silkily, "and is now regretting their actions.""We didn't-""Convenient, Moody?" Karkaroff said, cutting her off. His eyes glinted in Moody's direction and Calla resisted to urge her foot, settling for crossing her arms and shooting Snape a furious glare. "I'm afraid I don't understand you."Calla looked at Harry, shaking her head. I can't do this, she tried to communicate, eyes wide, and he nodded numbly, eyes flickering to Karkaroff, whose hands were balled into tight fists. "Don't you?" Moody was saying quietly. "It's very simple, Karkaroff. Someone put Harry and Calla's names in that goblet knowing they'd have to compete if they came out.""Can someone please-""Evidently, someone 'oo wished to give Hogwarts another bite at the apple!" exclaimed Madam Maxime, again ignoring Calla. She huffed loudly."I quite agree, Madam Maxime," said Karkaroff, bowing to her. "And rest assured, I will be submitting a formal complaint to the International Confederation of Wizards.""If anyone's got reason to complain, it's the Potters," said Moody, and Calla found herself sighing in relief. "Funny enough, Harry isn't saying a word.""I am," Calla said as defiantly and loudly as she could, forcing everyone to look at her. "Look. we don't want to compete. We - we can't compete, and Moody's right, someone put our names in for a reason. Someone wants to see us hurt, or - or killed!" A scared lump caught in her throat. "You can't make us compete, we never wanted to and we never agreed to in the first place! You're all being ridiculous if - if you force us to!"Fleur looked like she wanted to say something, but shook her head impatiently. No one else seemed to want to say anything for a long moment. "Now, I - I'm sure it won't come to such a thing," squeaked Flitwick. "If Miss Potter does not want to compete, and did not submit her own name, I'm sure we must find a rule that allows for such circumstance, as unexpected as they are. And Mr Potter, if he is the same, cannot be made to compete!""Those are the rules," Crouch said, and Calla huffed."You're not listening!" she cried. "Shouldn't the rules say that students have to submit their own names? We didn't, so you can't make us compete!""Now, Miss Potter, Barty knows the rules inside out!" said Bagman. "They will be tightened for next time, but for now, well, I see no rule stopping you competing.""But I don't want to," Calla said. "I can't, and neither can Harry.""Maybe that's what someone was counting on," Moody growled, his one magical eye swivelling between Bagman and Crouch and then settling horribly on Karkaroff. "Maybe someone was hoping the Potters might die for it."There was a very uncomfortable silence after that. Calla shifted uncomfortably; hearing someone else voice the same concern as her made her feel even worse, even more tense. She wasn't the only one worried; though she wouldn't go quite so far as to say Moody looked scared. "Moody, old man!" said Mr Bagman, looking awfully anxious. "What a thing to say!""We all know Professor Moody considers the morning wasted if her hasn't uncovered six plots to murder him by noon!" said Karkaroff, shaking his head as though in disgust. "It seems now he is teaching that same paranoia to his students!""Why else would someone have put our names in?" Calla cried, feeling herself almost sobbing in frustration."Exactly my point, Potter," said Moody. "Vigilant thinking, that. It was a skilled witch or wizard who put the Potters' names into that goblet...""Ah, what evidence is there of zat?" Madam Maxime asked, throwing her hands up in the air."They would have needed to hoodwink a very powerful magical object!" said Moody. "It would have needed an exceptionally powerful Confundus Charm to bamboozle that goblet into thinking there was a fourth school competing in the tournament... I'm guessing that's how they did it, tricked the goblet into thinking the Potters were competing together under a fourth school, made sure they were in a category alone but with each other... Making sure both were chosen..." His magic eye settled uncomfortably on Calla, and she shivered."You seem to have put an awful lot of thought into this, Moody," said Karkaroff in his cold voice, "and a very ingenious theory it is. Though, of course, I recently heard you got it into your head that one of your birthday presents contained a cunningly disguised basilisk egg, and smashed it to pieces before realising it was a carriage clock. So you'll understand if we don't take you entirely seriously...""There are those who will turn innocent occasions to their advantage," Moody replied in a menacing sort of voice, beady eye glinting at Karkaroff. "It was once my job to think as Dark wizards did... As you out to remember, Karkaroff""Alastor!" Dumbledore said sharply. Callalooked confusedly between the three of them, and then at Harry, who looked just as confused. Karkaroff's face seemed to be burning red with fury. What exactly was Moody alluding to?"How this situation arose, we do not know," said Dumbledore, looking around and addressing everyone in the room. "It seems to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it. Harry, Calla, and Cedric will all be competing in the Tournament." Calla stared at him."Dumbledore, we can't! You know, I can't compete, and neither can Harry!" She looked at her brother, but he said nothing."I'm afraid it is so, Miss Potter," said Professor Dumbledore gravely."Ah, but Dumbly-dorr""My dear Madam Maxime, if you have an alternative, I would be delighted to hear it."She said nothing though; in fact no one did, not even Snape. Calla slumped, pouting. "I want to see these rules," she said at last. "There must be something that says that champions must consent to this magical contract, otherwise what's the point!"Bagman shifted uncomfortably. "Well, I'm sure no one could have foreseen that someone would enter a champion without their knowledge.""I want to see the rules," Calla said again."Are you suggesting that I don't know my own rulebook?" Crouch asked coldly, and she pursed her lips."No," Calla mumbled. "I'm just saying... Check it again." She would have thought someone might have come up with the idea that champions had to agree - otherwise anyone could put their mate's name in as a laugh and end up getting them into the Tournament and killed. "It isn't fair.""I assure you I am not mistaken," Crouch said. His voice was growing more annoyed with her by the second, and Calla could tell. She shrank back awkwardly, glancing at Harry, who still looked like he was in shock."The rules will be reviewed," Dumbledore said placidly, giving Calla a look which failed to encourage her, "I am sure, before the next Tournament.""There will not be another Tournament!" Karkaroff said furiously. "Certainly not while I am Headmaster! This has been an outrage!""Igor, please," Dumbledore said, quite calmly. Calla felt her frustration with him rise; he couldn't just make them compete, not when they didn't want to, and never had in the first place.Not only was no one listening to her, but she knew this was a very bad idea, and couldn't possibly end well for her; at best, she would make a complete and utter fool out of herself in front of everyone, and at worst... Well, she didn't want to think about what would happen at the worst.Bagman alone looked excited about things. "Well, shall we crack on then?" he said, rubbing his hands together, beaming. "Got to give the champions their instructions, haven't we? Barty, want to do the honours?"Crouch seemed to startle, but he was at least a little calmer. "Yes," he said slowly. "Instructions. Yes... the first task."He moved forwards, coming into the circle of firelight. Calla could see him better now; his pale skin, his deep eye bags, and the sort of sallowness he had to his face. He looked unwell, to be honest, she thought. "The first task is designed to test your daring," he told the five of them, looking around. "So we are not going to be telling you what it is. Courage in the face of the unknown is an important quality in a wizard... very important... yes..."The first task will take place of the twenty fourth of November, in front of the other students and the panel of judges."The champions are not permitted to ask for or accept help of any kind from their teachers to complete the tasks in the Tournament. They will receive information about the second task when the first is over. Owing to the demanding and time-consuming nature of the Tournament, the champions are exempted from end of year tests." Well, Calla thought gloomily, at least there was something good out of all of this. She couldn't fail any exams if she died during the Tournament. Mr Crouch turned to look at Dumbledore. "I think that's all, is it, Albus?""I think so," said Dumbledore. He was looking at Crouch with something like concern; Calla glanced at him curiously. "Are you sure you wouldn't like to stay at Hogwarts tonight, Barty?""No, Dumbledore, I must get back to the Ministry," said Mr Crouch quickly. "It is a very busy, very difficult time at the moment... I've left young Weatherby in charge... very enthusiastic... a little over-enthusiastic, if truth be told...""You'll come and have a drink before you go, at least?""Oh, come on, Barty, I'm staying!" Bagman said brightly, still grinning. Did he ever stop grinning? He did it so often it was unnerving. "It's all happening at Hogwarts now, you know, much more exciting here than at the office.""I think not, Ludo," said Mr Crouch tightly, sounding rather impatient. Calla wondered what exactly was so pressing at the office that he had to return to it at so late an hour."Professor Karkaroff, Madam Maxime, a nightcap?" Dumbledore asked, quite pleasantly.But Madam Maxime had already started to lead Fleur away, arm around her shoulder. The two of them spoke very quickly in French as they left and went out into the Great Hall. Karkaroff beckoned over a rather sullen looking Krum and the two of them left silently. "Harry, Calla, Cedric, I suggest the three of you all head up to bed," said Dumbledore kindly."You're really going to make us compete?" Calla asked him in a small voice. "But that's ridiculous!" Calla spluttered. "We can't compete, we've already told you! We don't want to, do we, Harry?" Her brother hesitated a moment and her gaze hardened. "Do you, Harry?""No," he said quickly. "I mean, I - I don't. I didn't put our names in but if I have to... I guess... Well, we have to, don't we?"She stared at him, stunned. Here she was, trying to fight his corner to protect him along with her, and he threw it right back in her face.She was sure Dumbledore must have seen how scared she was, but he just nodded gently and smiled at her. "Very well then," he said. "If that is all... I am sure you will both manage to rise to the challenges you face. Now, I'm sure your housemates are all waiting to celebrate with you, and it would be an awful shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise."Calla glanced at Harry, who looked to Cedric, who nodded, and the three of them left together. The Great Hall was now entirely empty, and dimly lit only be the floating pumpkins, which looked sinister now in the light, leering out at them."What was that about?" both Harry and Calla hissed at the same moment. Cedric looked between them awkwardly."I was trying to help, Harry!""By making it look like I wasn't up to it? Thanks, Calla.""It's dangerous, Harry!""Like we've never done anything dangerous before.""You know what I mean," she muttered. "It's unnecessarily dangerous, and, it's clearly a trap! Why else would someone put our names into a Tournament we're both too young to enter, that's caused people to die in the past?""I don't know!" Harry said. "But we're both competing, so.""Well, we have to now," she muttered."Didn't you hear what Fleur said when we went in? She called us little children!""Well, we're fourteen, get over it," she snapped back. "Don't get your pride get in the way of your life, Harry. You're being stupid. And so are they, I can't believe they're making us compete!""Like you weren't annoyed, too, I saw your face.""Well, at least I didn't just... agree to participate in a tournament that could kill me just to prove my point!""I'm not! I didn't agree! I don't want to compete! And I'm not just trying to prove a point! I didn't know what to say!""Yes you are, stop arguing! We could have gotten out of it if you hadn't - gotten all proud and said you'd do it!" She let out a loud groan of frustration, shaking her head. "I'll see you in the morning." She turned on Cedric, whose eyes widened. "You-" Actually, she had nothing to say to him. "Make sure he gets to Gryffindor Tower without ending up in some - some stupid, reckless... Triwizard Tournament!""I'm not a child, Calla!""Well, you're bloody childish!" she spat back, storming up the stairs."I'm the childish one?""Yes!" she shouted, and wouldn't hear anything else.Once she had turned the corner though, she realised she had maybe been a bit ridiculous. She'd let herself get annoyed, but damn, how didn't her brother see how dangerous this was? It was clearly some plot of someone, and definitely something connected to Voldemort. She knew he was coming back, if he wasn't back already. And she was determined that even if she and Harry had to participate, or wouldn't refuse to participate, rather, then she would find out who was behind it and put an end to this nonsense before either of them got hurt; or before Voldemort got what he wanted.When she got back to the Ravenclaw Tower, rather than deal with everyone's questions - for there were a number of students gathered in the common room - Calla went straight upstairs to her empty dorm and opened the window to call Moony in. A second later, he did, gliding in through the window in a flutter of wings. "Good boy," she said, scrabbling for parchment. She had to tell Remus straight away.To Remus, she wrote, and then added: and Sirius,So we know you've already heard the Triwizard Tournament is being held at Hogwarts this year. No one under seventeen is meant to enter and Dmbledore made an age line, but someone's clearly put mine and Harry's name into the goblet of fire (which is used to choose the champions) because we've just been picked! It might sound silly but I'm sure this has to be some sort of trap, because why else would someone go to all the effort to put us in (we were chosen as fourth and fifth champions too, and our names were on the same piece and chosen together, so whoever it was clearly wanted to make sure we would both be chosen). Coupled with what happened with Pettigrew and what happened at the Quidditch World Cup I'm worried about it being related to Voldemort.Harry seems too in shock to do anything about it, and I think part of him wants to prove himself, but it's stupid because he's already done that a million times. I tried to get us out of it and try to make sure we didn't have to compete because it's so dangerous and clearly a trap but they - Dumbledore and all the teachers - wouldn't listen and then! Harry's gotten all angry with me because apparently I'm treating him like a child and he seems to think he has to prove something to everyone which is completely ridiculous. And he doesn't seem to realise that I really, really don't want to compete because I know I won't do well and I know I'll make a fool of myself and I'm really scared, Remus. I'm sure it's something to do with Voldemort, and it's not like he's going to let me get through this alive. Harry at least stands a bit of a chance, but what can I do? Anyway, I'm tired now. Please write back as soon as you can, I'm worried and it's best if you hear about all this before the Daily Prophet runs a story about it.Lots of love,CallaPS: do you know anything about Igor Karkaroff? Professor Moody seemed very suspicious of him.She'd barely gotten Moony sent out the window by the time Daphne and Padma came crashing through the doorway, grabbing her by the arms and hauling her downstairs into the Ravenclaw Common Room. "Come on, we're organised now!" Isobel cheered from the bottom of the stairs. The room was packed, which she hadn't quite realised when she'd rushed through earlier. Her stomach felt strange. "We got cake!""How'd you do it?" Mandy asked at once, eyes wide. "You and Harry?""What?" She blinked. "No, no, we - we didn't put our names in.""Don't be stupid," Michael huffed. "We know you did. Come on, how'd you trick it? That must have been really advanced magic to get past Dumbledore's Age Line.""We didn't," Calla said furiously. "Someone - someone else must have put our names in.""Yeah, right," said Annabelle Turner from nearby, rolling her eyes. "Come on, Potter, just tell us. You've already gotten away with it, we just want to know how.""But I didn't-""I believe you, Potter." Calla couldn't believe what she was hearing. She turned to see Lisa sitting boredly in an armchair, rolling her eyes. "First of all, Mandy's right, it's advanced magic. You wouldn't have been able to do it. Second, I saw your face. We all did, you were basically crying." She let out a short sort of laugh, and Calla didn't know how to feel about it. "You'd never have put your own name in."Calla just stared at her, with no idea what to say. "Thanks," she said, surprised, but a moment later she was being swamped again, everyone wanting to know what spell or potion she used, if it was dark magic, how she puzzled it out, and all she wanted to do was go upstairs and sleep. Daphne and Padma both kept to her side, but didn't manage to pull her away for any substantial time."Have a bit cake," Padma said eventually, pulling her over to quieter corner. "What happened?" she whispered when they got a second."I don't know. I - apparently it's some sort of binding magical contract. We both have to compete. I tried to get us out of it, but Harry was no help, and... We have to." She shook her head, shivering."That's ridiculous," said Daphne, and shoved a slice of cake under Calla's stomach.She pushed it away, a lump in her throat. "I don't think I could eat a thing right now, to be honest.""It might make you feel a little better? Come on, find a positive here!""No." She groaned. "I don't think anything could." She glanced around nervously; the room was so awfully loud. "I just want to sleep to be honest." Her lip wobbled a bit, and she held herself tightly. Padma rubbed her arm gently."Let's sneak away then, eh? We can talk upstairs."But they barely got a few steps before Terry, Sue and Anthony were all hurrying over to her. "Is it true?" Terry asked sharply, eyes wide and worried. "Who put your name in the goblet?""If I knew, I would be telling Dumbledore right now," Calla grumbled, shaking her head."But why?" Sue asked in a whisper. "Who'd want to put you in the Tournament? And Harry?""Who do you think?" Padma asked, a little brittle. She gripped Calla's wrist tight. "We're going, cover for us."There was a moment of surprise, and then Anthony said, "So you're really having to compete?"She nodded quietly. "That's not right," Terry said. "I mean, no offense, you're... You're brilliant, Calla, but isn't it dangerous?""That's what I said!" she cried. "But none of them - ugh!" She huffed. "They're all so stupid, they just wouldn't listen to me!""We'll help you," Terry said quickly, laying a hand on hers with an urgent expression. She stared at him, throat dry. "We must be able to do something about it, if we all put our minds to it?""Binding magical contract," Calla said gloomily."Bastard," Anthony muttered, and Sue giggled. Calla smiled weakly."Yeah." She shook her head. "Look, I really... I just want to sleep. Can we talk in the morning."Terry stepped back, taking his hand off of hers, and Daphne linked their arms tightly, as the three girls headed off up to their dormitory. They didn't speak much, and Calla was glad of it. "Just so you know," Daphne said before they went to bed, "I don't think whoever put your name in there thought it through. How much have you been through? You're not losing this thing.""I am," she said gloomily. "They're testing my daring." She sat down on the bed, and Matilda lifted her head from the pillow. "Daring. What does that even mean?""So you have to think quick? Like with instincts? You can be good at that? Think about Divination.""It's so different," Calla muttered, shaking her head. "Face it, there's no way I'm coming out of this thing well. My name was put in so I could die in this thing and-" She broke off, feeling a sob choke her words. Matilda gave a meow and crept into her lap. Tears pushed themselves out of her eyes and she breathed in shakily. "I'm going to sleep.""We'll help you, you know.""Thanks," she said, sighing. "But I don't know if it'll do me much good at all."

Calla woke in the morning feeling wretched, and curled in on herself as she opened her eyes blearily, watching the other girls get up and speak lowly to each other. There were voices of some of the older students floating through the doorway from the corridor. "Desperate to get herself a bit more fame, that's all," someone said."I don't know. Potter never really seemed much the type, and didn't you see her face? I don't think she'd want it.""Well what other explanation do you have, Liz?""Her friends said last night that someone else put it in for her. And you have to admit, it is all a bit weird, isn't it? It must have been really complicated to confuse the goblet like that - Dumbledore said he did the enchantments himself.""All I want to know is how she did it; if anyone could do it, it's a Ravenclaw, but none of us managed to figure it out.""I bet her brother did it for her," another voice said. "He'd be the one who wanted all the attention.""I'm not sure she would want it too though, Alice," said Liz's voice. "And how would her brother do it, he's still only fourteen?""Come on, where have you been the last three years? All they want's attention, and I don't think we should give it to them. We could have figured out a way around the goblet easily, except we actually listened and followed the rules, unlike them. Support Cedric, I say.""Now," said a fourth voice, "Potter's one of ours, isn't she?""Supporting her's supporting the brother too, though.""No, Camilla's right," said Liz's voice. "We can at least support her. Merlin knows getting her name in's one thing, but that girl's one of us and she still needs all the help she can get.""Suppose it could be worse. Could have been just him. A Gryffindor, can you imagine?""They're all talking about me," Calla whispered to Daphne, as Padma got up with a huff and closed their dormitory door. She sat up, frowning, as Matilda padded into her lap. "I'm not going to breakfast.""Stop being ridiculous, Potter," said Lisa, yawning as she brushed her hair. "If you don't go to breakfast, they'll take that as a sign of guilt, and you're not guilty, are you?""Well, no.""Exactly. So stop whining and suck it up.""You know you're insufferable right?" Daphne asked Lisa, who scowled."You know you're a cow? Calla, get dressed and come on with the rest of us. No one'll give you flack if you deal with it with us around you, yeah?""Why are you being nice to me?""I'm not," Lisa said, looking as though she was disgusted by the very idea. "But any Ravenclaw champion's better than none, and I know you didn't put your own name in that goblet, so there.""She is being nice to you," Padma whispered. "She just doesn't want to be.""If you'll all stop talking behind my back, that'd be lovely as well, thanks.""You're facing us," Daphne retorted, and hauled Calla to her feet, spooking Matilda. "Come on."Calla groaned, but set about getting dressed. She wished her owl had returned already, but knew Remus and Sirius may not even have received her letter yet. When they got downstairs, but Calla could see Elizabeth Lewis and her friends looking at her suspiciously, and Marietta Edgecombe scoffed loudly at her appearance. "Ignore them," Padma murmured, leading her onwards. "They just like to have a drama on their hands.""Well, they've certainly got one," Calla muttered. She'd been going to work on her Potions essay today, but now she didn't feel like trying to do anything productive whatsoever.As they went through the school she could feel all the stares on her back. The Gryffindors seemed alright, for the most part, but the Hufflepuffs and Slytherins all whispered and hissed and glared, and she didn't fail to notice how the Beauxbatons students at the Ravenclaw Table moved away from her as she sat down. Hell, even a few of the other Ravenclaws moved away, whispering."I hate this," she said quietly as she took a slice of toast. "Everyone's looking at me.""Ignore them," Daphne told her, heaping bacon onto her plate, "like Padma said. We can go play ground Quidditch or something today, I can't be bothered with the homework.""I'm not really in the mood," Calla said, shaking her head. "I think I'll just read or draw or something.""And shut yourself in the dorm all day?" Padma shook her head at her. "Fresh air'll do you the world of good, Daphne's right.""Since when did you start fussing so much?"Padma gave her a look. "Just eat up first, come on."After breakfast, the others insisted that Calla join them by the lake in a game of ground Quidditch. All ten of them went, but Terry hung back to sit by her under an oak tree, as she didn't much feel like participating and the teams would have been uneven otherwise. But Calla did have to admit, she felt a bit better for being out in the air, and feeling what was left of the sun on her skin as she turned the pages of her book: this one was I Capture the Castle by Dodie Smith.Terry was reading, too; his old, clearly well read copy of The Hobbit. Calla glanced over at him as she finished her chapter, and he caught her looking, and frowned. "What?""What bit are you at?" she asked him."Only just met Gollum." He nodded to her. "You?""Have you read it?" Calla asked, suddenly excited."No, but I've read a hundred and one dalmatians.""That totally doesn't count," Calla laughed. "You can read it when I'm done, but I'm not telling you what happens."Terry grinned, and leaned back against the tree just as Daphne got a goal past Michael and yelled in celebration. "They'd all do so much better if they just learned basketball techniques. Or footie.""I think Daphne's the only one apart from Izzy who knows what basketball is," Calla giggled. "And even then.""We could totally show them up.""I could," she said with a smirk, and Terry nudged her shoulder, feigning offence."I was on my primary school's basketball team, I'll have you know.""Really?" Calla grinned."Yes! I was brilliant, led us to victory twice!""Twice." Calla grinned at him. "Impressive.""It was very impressive, thank you." He shook out his hair, making it go fluffy and golden as it caught on the sunlight. He grinned and for a moment looked like he was going to move, then fell back. "I think Harry's looking for you."Calla turned around sharply, to see Harry and Hermione lingering awkwardly nearby. "See you in a minute," she said, scrambling to her feet and heading over. She was still annoyed with Harry, a bit, but it faded in the light of the day now everything had sunk in. Even if Harry had been more determined in standing with her, there probably wasn't anything they could have done. And if they did want to know what Voldemort was up to - for Calla was sure he must be behind this somehow - then they had to stick with it anyway, and make sure they were prepared."Hey," she said as she greeted them. The sound of the game behind her died down a little. "Look, Harry, I'm... I'm sorry for yelling at you."He blinked in surprise, then smiled. "Yeah. It's alright. Look, I just got a letter from Sirius and Remus. Moony gave it to me.""He did?" Calla said, pouting a little as she took the letter Harry was holding out to her.She unfolded it quickly, glancing at him.To Calla and Harry, it read in Sirius' handwriting.We're coming up to talk to you, and to Dumbledore. Let us know when your Hogsmeade weekend is and we'll come to see you. This is all very worrying indeed. It's no wonder Moody's been posted to Hogwarts, and I have to say, you both ought to listen to him. The rules probably say you can't take help from teachers; take all the help you can get. As for Karkaroff, we've heard of him. He's never been convicted of being a Death Eater, he got off, but it was a sort of public secret that he was, Remus tells me everyone in the order knew he really was afterwards. Watch out for him, and do not trust anything he says. We'll see you soon. Take care. Sirius and Remus"So Karkaroff is dodgy, then," Calla said, passion the letter back to Harry, who pocketed it. "The Hogsmeade day's about a fortnight from now, isn't it?" It would be Calla's first proper time in the village - she wasn't counting her last visit, in which she had barely gone further than Honeydukes cellar - though not Harry's. He nodded."I've written a bit of a reply already but I wanted to talk to you before I sent it off.""What've you written?""Jus when the weekend is, and saying I'm a bit suspicious of Karkaroff, too. Moody doesn't like him either, does he?" Calla shook her head. "I thought... Well, I thought maybe he'd put our names in.""I'd considered that," Calla admitted. "But did you see how angry he was?""Could've been acting," Harry said. "Especially if he got off once before.""You have a point," Calla said. "Write that, too." She glanced at Hermione then. "How did the Gryffindors react last night?""With a very loud party," Hermione said, rolling her eyes."They all think I put my name in.""Most of the Ravenclaws do, too, or at least the upper years," Calla told him. "I think some of them have come round to realising I didn't, but I don't know. Funnily, Lisa actually doesn't. She says I'm not good enough at magic to, and I'm too scared." She shrugged, even though Harry looked a little offended on her behalf. "I mean, she's right.""She shouldn't have said that!" Hermione said."I don't really care to be honest," she said. "Daphne and Padma are with me, and all of the Ravenclaws in our year saying they'll help, if I do need it. After I said I didn't do it, they all seem to believe it. There wouldn't be any point in me lying, after all." She swallowed; she didn't really want to ask for anybody's help. She wanted to be able to do this, she realised. Even though it was very unlikely. She shook her head, and then frowned. "Where's Ron?""Er," said Hermione, looking at Harry, whose face had darkened."He thinks we put our names in.""He does?" Calla asked. She'd have thought if anyone would believe Harry, it would have been Ron. "Why?""Bit of attention? Want some glory? I don't know!" He huffed loudly. "He's being a bit of a git about it.""He'll come around," Calla told him as confidently as she could. "Just give him a bit space until he lets you explain. He'll have to believe you, right?""I don't know," said Harry, shifting awkwardly. "I guess.""He will," she told him. She didn't know, but if she had to then she'd tell Ron to make it up with Harry herself. "Do you want to come join us? We're playing ground Quidditch.""No," Harry said, rather quickly. "I... I'd rather just stick with Hermione."She quirked her lips into a small sort of smile. "Daphne and Padma forced me to come out. But I guess it's for the best." She hugged her brother quickly. "I'll see you later. Come see us if you want.""Thanks," Harry said gloomily, as he and Hermione left, disappearing inside.She sighed, walking back over to Terry. Somehow she felt more restless now she'd heard from Remus and Sirius, and the news about Karkaroff did unsettle her. She tried to shake it off. "What was that about?" Terry asked her."Doesn't matter," she said quickly, pulling her hair into a ponytail. "Daphne?" Daphne turned, the game coming to a halt. "Can I jump in?"Daphne's face split into a grin, and Padma looked slightly relieved. "Come on then," she said, "if you must."XxWhile Calla had been relatively able to hide away from the rest of the school on Sunday, with a cluster of her friends around her at all times, come Monday morning she wasn't quite so able. While she got the impression some of her housemates had realized that she had not entered her own name, many still seemed hostile towards her, and it wasn't like the alternative - that this was part of a plot by someone, probably Voldemort, whom most still thought was gone - was easy to believe. She had Defense Against the Dark Arts first, which was a class with Slytherin, and she wasn't sure she'd ever been more miserable in that class. Malfoy had swaggered into the classroom with a smirk, and came right over to Calla and Daphne's desks. "So, trying for a bit fame, Potter?"She ignored him, taking out her parchment instead. She could see Daphne looking very uncomfortable next to her. "What, Potter? How'd you get your name in? I didn't think you'd have the skill.""I didn't put my name in, Malfoy," she told him tiredly. "Go to your seat."Malfoy just smirked. "Oh, come on, Potter. Who did it for you then, eh? I should have known you couldn't do it yourself; or was it your brother?""Neither," Calla said through gritted teeth. "I didn't want my name in there, Malfoy.""Course you'd say that now," laughed Pansy Parkinson smugly. "Now you think you could get yourself killed. I bet you're scared.""Leave her alone, Pansy," Daphne said loudly, looking up finally. "We all know you're just bitter because you fancy Warrington and wanted him to be champion.""I do not," Parkinson scoffed, narrowing her eyes at Daphne. "What's got your wand in a knot, Daphne?""You," she told her shortly. "Just go away, Moody'll be here in a moment."Pansy scoffed, strutting away to Millicent Bulstrode, and Malfoy lingered a moment longer. "What?" Calla snapped eventually."Nothing," he said. "Just wondering how you're going to do in the Tournament when you can't even pass this class.""As I remember, you went to pieces in the exam last year," Calla replied coolly, determined not to let Malfoy get to her even though he had a very good point. "Not me.""Ah, but who cried in the first Boggart class?"She froze, looking up at him slowly, but it was too slow. "Draco," Daphne said sharply, and he turned to her. "Stop being such a prick and sit down. And apologise."He rolled his eyes. "If you insist, Daphne. It's a wonder you didn't get your name in, too." Daphne gave him a pointed look in response and Calla just looked down at her parchment, cheeks burning. "Sorry, Potter," Malfoy said, very insincerely, as he swaggered off."Don't listen to him," Daphne told her."He's got a point," was all Calla said, swallowing deeply as Moody stumped into the classroom.Things didn't much improve as the day went on. Ancient Runes, usually one of Calla's favourite subjects, felt awful. "You know I didn't put my own name in," she asked Zach, "Don't you?"He looked uncomfortably over at Susan. "Well... Yeah, I guess."She sucked in a breath. "You guess?""I know! I know you wouldn't." His hesitance worried her though. She wasn't sure she believed him. "But, you know... Everyone really wanted Cedric to get it.""He did.""Yeah," Zach said, "But you know all anyone's going to care about is you and your brother, not him. Not Hufflepuff." He scowled."We kind of have to support our own champion," Susan said, not unkindly. "But... Are you sure your brother didn't enter your names?""No!" she said sharply. Her voice was a little too loud. Professor Babbling looked up with stern eyes."Keep the volume down over there, please," she said. "I'm sure your discussion about Ogham Runes is most fascinating."Calla looked down, cheeks blazing, and both Zach and Susan looked away, refusing to meet her eyes for the rest of the lesson. Only Saturday they'd gotten on so well, and something that wasn't even her own fault had suddenly ruined everything. She didn't even have the guts to say anything more to them, and at the end of class, hurried off to Ravenclaw Tower in the break with the full intention of curling up with Matilda on her bed and reading until she was forced to return to the rest of the school for Potions, which she was sure would be even worse.As predicted, it was. She, Daphne, Zach and Hannah had been working as a foursome most of the year so far, but when they reached the classroom, Zach and Hannah had gone to work with Ernie MacMillan and Susan already, leaving them hanging awkwardly. "They're just being petty," Padma said, with a frown in Zach's direction. "Ignore it, give them some time and they'll calm down.""I swear they think Harry put our names in," she said bitterly as they set up a station with her, Daphne, Padma and Isobel. "And they're going to support Cedric, over me, just because he's in their house, so they won't even admit that they agree I didn't put my name in! And the rest of them all think I wanted this!""Then tell them you didn't," Daphne said, though she gave Zach a rather furious look. Calla saw his cheeks go rather pink."And if they keep being rude, I'll batter them for you.""Thanks, Izzy."She was relieved when it came to lunchtime and Daphne and Isobel volunteered to get food for her, leaving her and Padma to hide out in one of the lesser tended courtyards. "It's just so annoying," she said, leaning her head on Padma's shoulder. "I didn't want this, but ... Even our own house don't all believe me! I don't know how they think I would do it, but apparently it's really not that much stretch! And even Zach-" She broke off with a frustrated noise, burying her face in Padma's shoulder. She petted her hair gently."I get it," she said slowly. "He should know you better than that.""It's not even that! I think he does know I didn't put my name in, but he's not going to say anything to anyone else because he feels like he has to support Cedric instead of me. So he probably won't even stick up for me.""If he acts like this, he isn't worth your energy," Padma told her. "You can do better than him anyway."Calla made an annoyed sound and looked up, glaring at the trees. "I don't even like him like that, Padma! That's not it - it's just - it's rude!""I thought he liked you like that," Padma told her quietly."Well, he clearly can't have liked me that much," Calla huffed, folding her arms. "Or he wouldn't be such a - a- Ugh!""All boys are ugh," Padma said sagely, as Daphne and Isobel came across the courtyard to them. Her eyes brightened and she seemed to be smiling as she bumped Calla's arm, which comforted her a little. "Some are just better at hiding it than others."Divination was also rubbish. Ron wasn't speaking to Harry or Calla - he still believed they'd put their own names in, which Calla thought was quite ridiculous - and so a great shuffling of seats had left Calla working with her brother and Padma, while Ron sat with Dean and Seamus and Isobel wound up with Lisa and with Neville Longbottom, who Calla was sure she'd never actually spoken to before, and they were both looking very awkward.Trelawney also delighted that day in predicting not only Harry's tragic death, but Calla's. It wasn't that this was an uncommon occurrence, but knowing what was happening and who was conspiring against them... Well, it left a very sickly taste in Calla's mouth.The next few days were all horrid, too. When Calla tried to talk to Zach and Susan in front of a crowd of Hufflepuffs, Justin Finch-Fletchley had rolled her eyes and accused her of lying, and that was the end of that because she didn't really know what else to say. Zach for his part looked like he was going to say something, then decided not to. He turned his back to stick with his housemates, and it hurt more than Calla really cared to admit. And it turned out a lot more of her house were willing to believe that Harry had put both their names in the goblet, which Calla thought was a ridiculous theory anyway, but left her feeling even more frustrated. "They're supposed to be reasonable!" she'd said to Padma after hearing one of the sixth years relay the idea in the common room. "Logical! What logical reason could there be for Harry putting both our names in the goblet of fire?""People are just in shock a bit still," Padma told her. "It'll wear off eventually and then they'll come round.""They better," she said, and took reading through one of the books she could gather on past Tournaments, almost all of which ended in tragedy.Harry was in a perpetually bad mood, too, which hadn't been helped by Remus' last letter warning him not to be foolish or rash - "What does he mean, foolish? What does he think I'm going to do? I'm not going to try and start the tasks early!" - or the fact that he had been almost worse than Calla at Summoning Charms, who had actually caused her pillow to fly away from her and quiver in a corner like she'd scared it. The only thing Calla was really looking forward to was the Hogsmeade visit before the first task, but she had a hard time feeling enthusiastic when it was just a reminder of how quickly her task was approaching.She was trying as hard as she could to see what the first task might hold in store, but all she could see was that she would probably be involved in some dangerous fight, which could mean anything and would probably be inevitable in any year. She had seen a fish in a teacup, too, but that could mean good fortune and wasn't helpful when she needed to know how to get that good fortune. She didn't want to leave anything up to chance, but it was beginning to look like she'd have to. Even when reading on previous tournaments, she didn't get very far, for while they usually featured some sort of combat trial at one stage, and often incorporated magical creatures or beasts in other tasks, the previous tasks varied in their nature so much that it was impossible to try and figure out what she might be facing."At least none of the others will know what they're up against either," Daphne said to her, surprisingly rationally when she relayed her the issue in the dormitory before bed, while she was plaiting Calla's hair for her. "You won't be at a disadvantage.""Yeah, except for the fact they're all three years older than me, proper wizards, and I can't do magic.""You can so do magic," Mandy huffed."Didn't you see my Summoning Charm?" she retorted."Potter's right," Lisa said, and Calla couldn't help but glare at her. They weren't supposed to actually agree with her! Though she supposed she wasn't surprised. "What spells can you do?""None.""You can," Padma sighed."Fine. I guess my counter spells are fine? And levitation, disarming, I can make a half decent shield?""Shields'll be useful," Sue mused from her corner. "They might make you fight each other.""Nah, there's an odd number," Isobel said. "I reckon there'll be some sort of obstacle course. You said they were to test your daring?""Yeah," Calla said. "And I've got even less of that than I have magic.""You're so annoying," Lisa told her. "You killed a snake in second year, Potter, stop exaggerating just 'cause you're scared now.""You'd be scared too!" Calla snapped, and Daphne pulled accidentally at her hair. "Ow, Daphne!""It was an accident," Daphne huffed. "Look, you've still got time to prepare.""Barely.""All you need to do's brush up on some defensive spells, those are what you're good at. A disarming spell's simple and effective, or a stunner, right? And a cushioning charm if you fall so you don't break your neck.""And how am I meant to do that?""You have six of the supposed to be smartest girls in the year with you," Daphne told her. "Though Turpin's debatable.""Shove off, Greengrass.""I appreciate the offer," Calla said tiredly. "But I don't think it'll do much good.""We can only try," said Padma, cheerfully enough for someone who wasn't going to fight in a potentially to the death Tournament."We'll make a man out of you," Isobel said, winking, and Calla had to laugh."You'll do what?" Daphne said, frowning, and Calla couldn't help but smile."Nothing," she said, patting her hand gently. "It's a Muggle thing."On Thursday evening, Calla had another Occlumency meeting with Dumbledore. Technically it was meant to count as a lesson but seeing as she was sure she'd never learnt anything with him, she was calling it a meeting now. "Have you been practicing?" he asked her as she sat down, looking around as she always did and grinning at Fawkes the Phoenix."A bit," she said. "But honestly I'm not sure what I'm meant to be practicing, sir, or how to know I'm practicing it right.""Occlumency can be tricky to weigh," Dumbledore said gravely. "Often I find that calmness comes with the clarity of the mind, but other times I feel rather restless.""I don't really feel either," Calla admitted. "I guess sometimes I feel calm, but then that feels weird, and I get distracted. Like..." She hesitated. "If I get too calm, it feels like I'm falling.""A common symptom.""Yeah, but then it scares me. Like I think I'm going to fall into, I don't know, another vision.""And that isn't what you want?""I don't know. My body kind of jerks me out of it. But I don't always like having my visions, sir. Cause I can't control them, and they - they scare me sometimes." She considered for a moment telling him what she'd seen, but Dumbledore was looking at her very curiously and it made her too uneasy. "It just feels weird, sir.""Miss Potter, you know I cannot teach you if you are unwilling to learn.""I am willing," she said pleadingly, suddenly panicked. "But it's just I - I don't even know if it'll ever work! I'm focusing my energy into other methods of Divination and that - that is working better!""I believe Occlumency is still important for you, Miss Potter," said Dumbledore. "In some ways you may not be able to fully appreciate yet."She didn't like that, and scowled. Usually when adults said stuff like that, it was because they thought she was too young to understand what they were saying. "I'm not saying I won't learn," she said impatiently. "I'm just... Taking a while.""We all have our own paces," Dumbledore said, and she hated that even more. "I am considering asking Professor Snape to teach you instead. His approach may yield better results."She tried not to pull a face. "Really?"Dumbledore chuckled. "How about we try it out?""No! No, I mean... I'd rather continue like this."Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Let us see how this lesson goes, then."It didn't go well at all. Dumbledore spoke for a long time about how she had to let leave of all woolly thoughts and material feelings, and all she could think of was the Tournament, which she was certain he could tell. She didn't know what it was meant to achieve, but she could tell it hadn't managed to achieve it."I will think on this," Dumbledore said, just when she was beginning to feel empty headed. She blinked, startling back to the present. "Miss Potter, I do also have to ask... How are you preparing for the Triwizard Tournament?"She bit back a sarcastic remark. "Not brilliantly," she said in a small voice. "But I'm going to work on defensive spells. They're my strong point.""Good." Dumbledore steepled his fingers together. "I don't suppose you have any insight on how your name got in the goblet?"For a split second she thought he was alluding to the idea that she or Harry had put their names in theirselves, then realised. "Oh. No, I - I haven't seen anything, sir. I don't know... It is something to do with...""Voldemort," Dumbledore said gently. "Use his name, Calla.""Yeah," she said smally. "I know. I don't have proof, but it's like, I can feel it, and since Wormtail got away and - and it is him. I just know it is. But how, and who did it?" She shrugged. "I wish I knew.""I know," Dumbledore said kindly. "If you get any further forward... Or if you do see anything that worries you...""I'll tell you," Calla said tiredly; she hadn't made sense of barely anything she'd seen recently, all she knew was that it made her feel bad, and scared, and she hated that.Dumbledore nodded. "You may go, Miss Potter. It is late, and you have an important day tomorrow."A panic went through her, the feeling she often got when someone reminded her to hand in an essay she'd completely forgotten about. "I do?" she blurted out.Dumbledore smiled, eyes twinkling. "You will see. Nothing to be worried about. Goodnight, Miss Potter."

In the morning when they went down to Herbology, most of the Slytherins were already waiting outside, huddled together by the greenhouse. Malfoy looked up and burst into a smirk as Calla approached, and she frowned, looking around confusedly. "What are they-"Her eyes fell on Malfoy's chest, where a large red-lettered badge sat. She frowned further at it, getting closer, and felt her stomach drop.Support Cedric Diggory - The True Hogwarts Champion!"Rude," said Padma, glaring at the group of Slytherins."What d'you think, Potter?" Malfoy crowed, smirking.She shrugged her shoulders, determined to ignore him. "Bit of a waste of time if you ask me.""Oh, that's not all they do," Malfoy said, grinning proudly as he pushed the badge and it swirled, replaced by another message, one which glowed green.THE POTTERS STINKShe didn't know whether she could laugh or not, just stared in bewilderment. "Very clever, Draco," said Daphne flatly, stepping forward. She laughed. "It's good to know your humour hasn't changed since we were eight.""Want one, Greengrass?" He held a badge out to her, eyes shining.Daphne scoffed. "I'd rather not, thanks. It's a bit immature.""The Potters stink," Lisa said, as she and Michael both arrived together. "Really?" She wrinkled her nose and glanced at Calla. "I could have come up with something much better."Calla rolled her eyes. "It's good to know you both care," she said, and Isobel laughed.She tried to ignore them throughout the Herbology lesson, but it was difficult when Malfoy and Parkinson kept flashing their stupid badges every chance they got, with Daphne muttering how she was furious with them and Theodore and Padma telling her to ignore them and Isobel saying they weren't even inventive. "I just want this all to be over," she told them as they went to History of Magic afterwards, trying to dodge Crabbe and Goyle who were wearing their badges very smugly."I know," said Padma placidly.By the time it came to Transfiguration, Calla was in an even worse mood and couldn't concentrate at all on turning her guinea pig into a guinea fowl. It gave a very concerned sort of squeak any time she tried to point her wand at it, and at one point climbed onto her, stopping her from even attempting a spell. "I don't know what it's doing!" she told a stern looking Professor McGonagall, who simply sighed, put another guinea pig onto the table and told her to keep trying.She'd just had one guinea pig stand up on its hind legs and squeal at her when there was a knock at the door and a dreamy voice called in, "Hello? Is this Transfiguration?"Luna Lovegood skipped into the room, looking rather dazed. "Ah, it is. Good! Professor Moody didn't enjoy me disrupting his lesson earlier. He was in an awfully bad mood, I think the nargles may be getting to him.""What can I do for you, Miss Lovegood?" asked McGonagall crisply."I've been told to find Calla Potter."Calla startled, and her guinea pig took the chance to scuttle off her desk and land on a disgruntled Isobel's lap. She glanced up at McGonagall, whose mouth thinned. "By whom?""Mr Bagman. They said they're taking photos, but I'm not allowed to stay and see. It's an awful shame, cameras make such great nesting places for dixilies and I thought I might catch sight of a few."Hannah and Zach both laughed on the other side of the classroom, heads bent together to hide their giggles. Daphne rolled her eyes, and gave Calla a look. Calla looked to McGonagall, who nodded. "You may take your bags with you, Miss Potter, if you do not return before the end of the lesson.""Thanks, Professor," Calla said, though dread seeped into her stomach. They were going to be taking photos? Of her? Padma gave her a sympathetic look as she left the classroom, joining Luna Lovegood, who seemed to dance down the hallways."This is all very exciting, isn't it?" Luna asked dreamily, her blonde hair swishing around her."The Tournament?""I head there might be an Erumpent set on the loose for one of the tasks. People say they're very dangerous creatures, but daddy says they're just misunderstood."It sounded like how Hagrid talked about dragons. Or any animal, really. "I've never heard of an erumpent," Calla said curiously."Most people say they don't exist, but daddy and I know they do. We'll find one one day."Calla smiled despite herself. She did like Luna, even if she was a little strange at times. "This is the right door," Luna told her a minute or so later. "Tell me if you see any Dixily nests, will you?"Calla had no idea what a Dixily nest may look like, but she gave Luna her word anyway, and slipped quietly inside the room. It was a fairly small classroom, and most of the desks had been pushed to the edges of the room so that there was plenty of free space in the middle. Someone had set up three of the desks in front of a blackboard, covered in a long stream of velvet, with five chairs behind it. Ludo Bagman was sitting in one of them, talking amicable to a witch in magenta robes. Calla recognised her from Sirius' trial: Rita Skeeter.Krum stood moodily on his own in a corner of the room, seeming to be sulking about something. Cedric and Fleur stood chatting by a wall, seeming very cheerful; Fleur's hair kept catching the light when she tossed her head back, and it seemed a gorgeous shade of silver. Calla stood awkwardly on her own, trying to see Harry, but he didn't appear to have arrived yet. She lingered in the doorway for a moment, hoping someone would tell her what to do, feeling more and more nervous as her eyes darted around the room. Eventually, Cedric caught her eye, and nodded to beckon her over.Breathing a small sigh of relief, she headed over, trying to smile. "Ah," Fleur said, "I did not hear you come in."Calla smiled awkwardly, shrugging her shoulders. She didn't really know what to say. "Fleur and I were just talking about Skeeter's robes," Cedric said. "Bit extravagant, don't you think?"She glanced over and smiled, at the various pieces of jewellery and gems that adorned her, and the bright fabric. "A little," she agreed, smiling half heartedly."I am not a fan of her fingernails," said Fleur. "They are too long and they do not suit her.""Oh, Calla!" Bagman's voice called suddenly, as he got to his feet. Calla turned awkwardly. "Didn't see you there, my girl, you crept up on us all! Now you needn't worry, this is nothing much, just the Wand Weighing ceremony! The rest of the judges will be here in a moment, and your brother, wherever he's gotten to.""What's the... Wand Weighing ceremony?" Calla asked as politely as she could through her nerves."Just to check your wands are all fully functional," Bagman told her cheerily. Calla glanced at her pocket, where the wand's tip was just poking out. "Make sure they've no problems, you know, since they'll be your most important tools in the tasks to follow. The expert's upstairs now with Dumbledore. And then there's going to be a photo shoot after. This is Rita Skeeter, she's going to be doing a little piece on the Tournament.""Hardly a little piece, Ludo," purred Skeeter, standing up. Her eyes went to the door as someone knocked, and Harry poked his head around. Calla smiled warmly at him. "And what perfect timing.""Ah, Harry, there you are! The fifth champion!" Fleur flicked her hair in an irritated sort of way as Bagman bustled over, explaining what was happening to Harry. Calla lingered awkwardly, feeling Skeeter's eyes flick from her to her brother and back again."Ludo, I wondered if I might have a little interview with Harry and Calla here, before we begin?" she asked, her eyes glinting excitedly. "The youngest two champions... It'll add a bit of flavour to the whole thing..."Calla looked worriedly at Harry. Having photos taken was bad enough but she really didn't want to be interviewed by Rita Skeeter. "Won't we be starting soon?" she asked Bagman quickly."Oh, we can wait a moment, Dumbledore's still upstairs! If-""Lovely!" Skeeter declared, and hauled both of them away out of the room, along the corridor a little. "We don't want to be in there with all that noise now do we?""Guess not," said Calla quietly, as Skeeter opened a door and pulled them inside. She stared around. "Um...""This is a broom cupboard," Harry said."Yes, it's nice and cozy, isn't it?" Skeeter said, shutting the door and settling herself on top of an upturned bucket. Calla and Harry exchanged bewildered looks as she pushed them down onto two cardboard boxes opposite her.With a snap, she opened her handbag and let half a dozen candles float out, which she lit with a flick of her wand. "You won't mind, Harry, Calla, if I use a Quick-Quotes Quill? It leaves me free to talk to the two of you normally.""A what?" Harry asked, taking the words right out of Calla's mouth. Skeeter's grin only widened as she opened her crocodile skin handbag once more and brought out a long quill, acid green, and a long roll of parchment which she stretched out on the crate between them. She put the tip of the green quill in her mouth for a moment - Calla stared at her, wondering absently how unhygienic that might be - and then smiled as she placed it upright on the parchment, where it seemed to stand of its own accord, poised to start writing."Testing My name is Rita Skeeter, writing for the Daily Prophet."The moment she'd started to speak, the quill had started scribbling down on the scroll of parchment. Calla stared at it, transfixed, and until she saw what was written wondered for a moment if she could get one to take her History of Magic notes for her.Attractive blonde Rita Skeeter, forty-three, whose savage quill has punctured many inflated reputations-"Lovely," Skeeter said again, tearing the top of the parchment off, crumpling it up and tossing it carelessly into her handbag. She leaned forward with a spark of something like excitement in her eyes. "So, Harry, Calla... what made the two of you decide to enter the Tournament together?""Er," Harry started, then his eyes flickered to the quill distractedly. Calla followed his gaze. An ugly scar disfigures each of the Potter children's otherwise charming faces, hidden half-heartedly behind Calla Potter's hair, as a souvenir of their tragic past reflected in their eyes-"Just ignore the quill, my lovelies," Rita Skeeter, said, and Calla snapped out of it, looking back at the report before her with a nervous smile. She rubbed her fingers together nervously, eyes darting around the tiny broom cupboard. "Now - why did you two decide to enter the Tournament?""We didn't," Harry said quickly. "We've neither of us any idea how our names got into the goblet of fire. We didn't put them in there."Skeeter raised an eyebrow disbelievingly, smirking. "Come now, Harry, there's no need to be scared of getting in trouble. What say you, Calla?"She blinked, startled. "Well... We didn't. I - I don't really know what else you want us to say, Miss.""Oh, now," Skeeter said with that same fake smile. "We all know you shouldn't have entered, but don't you worry about all that." She leaned forward with another smile, stretching even broader across our faces. "Everyone loves a rebel. And the two of you... Do you two have a score to settle with one another?""A score?" Calla asked blankly, glancing at Harry. "No.""Oh, come on. Brother and sister, both in the same year, rival houses, both intelligent... and famous... Which one of you has something to prove?" She looked at Calla. "How does it feel being in the shadow of the Boy-Who-Lived?"Calla just stared at her. "I mean, it feels fine?" She didn't really want all the attention Harry always got, and it hadn't bothered her since the very start of first year. "He's my brother, it doesn't really matter. And - and we didn't enter, either.""And how do you feel about the tasks ahead?" Skeeter went on, ignoring Calla's last words. "I hear you've struggled before with practical exams, do you think this will affect your prospects?""Excuse me?" Her stomach felt like it was sinking. "Who told you-""And you, Harry? Are you confident? Excited? Nervous?""Er, yeah," Harry said, eyes darting awkwardly to Calla, who couldn't do much except stare at Rita Skeeter. Who did she think she was? "I hadn't really thought about it, but... Yeah, I suppose I am quite nervous.""Champions have died in the past, haven't they?" Skeeter said, sounding horribly excited about the question. "Have you thought about that at all?""Well... they say it's going to be a lot safer this year," said Harry."Yeah," Calla put in half-heartedly, but Skeeter was already starting to speak, too, and her quill flew rapidly across the parchment."Of course, the two of you have looked death in the face before, haven't you?" she said, watching them closely. Calla squirmed under her gaze, memories surfacing of her second year and the Basilisk and Tom Riddle... Her stomach seemed to take a tumble and she squeezed her eyes shut, feeling a pressure against the side of her head. Not now, she thought. "How would you say that's affected you? Your trauma? Do you think that's what might have made you so keen to prove yourselves? Or to prove yourselves to one another? Do you feel like you need to compete against each other? Do you think perhaps you were tempted to enter the Triwizard Tournament because-""We didn't enter," said Harry irritably."Of course you didn't," Skeeter said, sounding like she was smirking again. "Calla, do you feel like you need to best your brother in this Tournament, prove you're not just his little sister?""No," she said firmly, shaking her head."Can you remember your parents at all?" Calla's eyes flew open and she tightened her fist."No," Harry said, which was a lie for both of them. But neither liked to think about the one memory they did have."How do you think they'd feel if they knew you were competing in the Triwizard Tournament? Proud? Worried? Angry?"How were they supposed to know, Calla wanted to shout. She shook her head silently, glancing to the door and then to Harry desperately, trying to avoid Skeeter's gaze. Her eyes fell to the acid green quill.Tears fill Harry Potter's startlingly green eyes as our conversation turns to the parents he can barely remember, while Calla Potter squeezes her eyes shut and shakes her head, seeming desperate to block out the tormented feelings that are surely haunting her."I have NOT got tears in my eyes!" Harry said hotly, and Calla shuddered. "And Cal-"Before he could get much further, the door of the broom cupboard was pulled open. Calla startled, hands falling sharply to her sides as she looked up to see Dumbledore standing in the doorway."Dumbledore!" Skeeter cried delightedly, though the quill and parchment both disappeared from the crate, and her crocodile skin bag was snapped close hastily. "How are you?" she asked, holding out her hand to the headmaster, who did not take it. "I hope you saw my piece over the summer about the International Confederation of Wizards' Conference?""Enchantingly nasty," said Dumbledore, eyes twinkling. "I particularly enjoyed your description of me as an obsolete dingbat." Calla smiled slightly, relaxing.Skeeter didn't look at all abashed, not that Calla would have really expected her to. "I was just making the point that some of your ideas are a little bit old-fashioned, Dumbledore, and that many wizards in the street-""I will be delighted to her the reasoning behind the rudeness, Rita," said Dumbledore calmly, with a very courteous bow that Calla didn't think had quite been earned by Skeeter. He even smiled. "But I am afraid we will have to discuss the matter later. The Weighing of the Wands is about to start, and it cannot take place if two of our champions are hidden in a broom cupboard."Calla and Harry were both very glad to leave, hurrying back into the other classroom. The other three champions were sat in chairs next to the door, and Calla hurried to the seat beside Fleur, who looked at her disapprovingly. "Your hair is messy," she told her, and Calla flushed, scrambling to try and flatten it down. If someone had told her they would be getting photographs taken, then she might have tried some Sleakeazy's this morning, or a bit of makeup, but no. Fleur, of course, looked radiant, with makeup so flawless it was barely recognised as makeup, and she didn't have a single hair out of place. She was gorgeous and Calla couldn't even be jealous. Perks of being part-Veela, she supposed.She looked away, face still burning as she watched Rita Skeeter take a seat in a corner, bring out the parchment again and stick the Quick-Quotes Quill on it, poised to begin scribbling once more."May I introduce Mr Ollivander?" said Dumbledore, taking a chair among Maxime, Karkaroff, Bagman and Crouch. "He will be checking your wands to ensure they are in good condition before the Tournament."Calla looked around curiously, eyes landing on Mr Ollivander standing quietly and serenely by the window. She still remembered getting her wand that day in Diagon Alley, elder and unicorn hair. Her fingers drifted absently over its curved handle as she recalled Ollivander's words to her... How it was powerful, in the hands of one so tied to the Dark Lord... She shook her head, swallowing as Ollivander spoke."Mademoiselle Delacour, could we have you forward first, please?" said Mr Ollivander, stepping forward in the centre of the room. Fleur swept over to him, holding out her wand, which was dark and colour and had an interestingly carved handle that bent over on itself. Ollivander twirled the wand between his fingers, and a number of pretty pink and gold sparks flew out of the end. He held it up closer to his eyes, squinting as he examined it carefully, turning it over and running his hands along. "Yes," he said quietly, "nine and a half inches... inflexible... rosewood... and containing dear me..." Calla frowned curiously, leaning forward."An 'air from the head of a Veela," Fleur said proudly. "One of my grandmother's."Harry glanced at Calla as though surprised that she'd been right; she smiled at him."Yes," said Mr Ollivander, "yes, I've never used Veela hair myself, of course. I find it makes for rather temperamental wands... however, to each his own, and if this suits you..."Ollivander ran his fingers along the wand, apparently searching for scratches or bumps - Calla's cheeks heated as she recalled taking her frustrations with Summoning Charms out on the edge of the table with it a few days ago, and of frequently tossing her wand back and forth with Daphne in the common room when they were bored of homework - then muttered, "Orchideous!" A bunch of bright purple flowers burst from the wand tip."Very well, very well," he said, "it's in fine working order." He scooped up the flowers and handed them over to Fleur along with her wand. "Mr Diggory, you next."Fleur seemed to glide back to her seat beside Calla, carrying with her a strong, sweet perfume."Ah, now, this is one of mine, isn't it?" said Mr Ollivander, very enthusiastically, as Cedric handed over his wand. "Yes, I remember it well. Containing a single hair from the tail of a particularly fine male unicorn... must have been seventeen hands; nearly gored me with his horn after I plucked his tail. Twelve and a quarter inches... ash... pleasantly springy. It's in fine condition. You treat it regularly?""Polished it last night," said Cedric, grinning.Calla looked down at her own wand, which she was holding tightly in her hands. She hadn't even known polishing their wands was a thing wizards did. She tried to polish it slyly with a handkerchief; Harry was doing the same, and a series of gold sparks shot out the end, causing Fleur to give him a very patronising look. Mr Ollivander seemed perfectly satisfied with the state of Cedric's wand, sending out a series of smoke rings from the end of it, and then called Krum up to him.Krum got up, headed in his usual awkward fashion towards Mr Ollivander. He thrust his wand out with a scowl, hands in the pockets of robes, and Calla didn't fail to notice the way his eyes darted around the room, like he was looking for something to distract him or somewhere to go. It was something she often did, too, when she didn't know what else to do. "This is a Gregorovitch creation, unless I'm much mistaken?" Calla wondered how he could know and remember such things as he did. "A fine wand maker, though the styling is never quite what I... However..." He lifted the wand again to his eyes, inspecting it. "Yes... hornbeam and dragon heartstring?" Krum nodded in a sullen manner, slouching further. "Rather thicker than one usually sees... quite rigid... ten and a half inches... Avis!"There was a very loud blast from the wand, as a whole load of small, brightly twittering birds flew out the end, out the window and into the sunlight. "Good," said Mr Ollivander cheerfully as he handed Krum his wand back. "Ah, now, Miss Potter or Mr Potter? Who will be first?"They both looked awkwardly at one another, neither wanting to be first. After a few seconds of silent argument, Calla huffed. "I'll come up," she said quietly, getting to her feet and handing over her wand. "Ah, yes," said Ollivander, eyes gleaming. "Yes, yes, I remember this wand well." Calla smiled weakly. "Elder and unicorn hair... a most interesting combination, it has to be said... Inflexible, ten and a half inches, and can be very powerful with the right witch or wizard... How are you faring with it?"Calla blinked. "Um, alright, I guess?" she said, and Fleur gave her a rather pitying look. "I mean, it's never been that powerful for me.""Well," said Ollivander. It was all he said for a long moment while he examined her wand, then looked up at her with wide, pale eyes. "There don't appear to be any issues with your wand itself. It is in perfect working order."He waved it with great flourish and a stream of water came out the end, sparkling in the sunlight, dancing like a river and then solidifying into a pretty, small ice sculpture. He held it back out to her and Calla took it with an awkward sort of a grimace. So all her magic problems really were just her problem, then. Fantastic."Thanks," she said, returning to her seat glumly. Harry winced in sympathy as he got up, offering his own wand for the same scrutiny by Olivander, who examined it for a very long few minutes before her declared it satisfactory and sent a fountain of wine spurting out of the end of it."Thank you all," said Dumbledore, standing up from between the other judges at their table. "You may go back to your lessons now - or perhaps it would be better to simply go down to dinner, as I believe they are about to end."Calla saw Harry make to get up and went to follow, before they were caught off by a man coughing in the corner, jumping up from behind a camera. "Photos, Dumbledore, photos!" Bagman cried excitedly, and Calla hid a groan. "All the judges and champions! What do you think, Rita?""Er, yes," said Skeeter, eyes flicking from Calla to Harry intently, "let's do those first. And then perhaps some individual shots?"Calla had never been much of a fan of photographs, nor had Harry, and so she had tried to angle herself to stand near Madam Maxime who could hide her a bit, but Rita Skeeter had hauled her to the front next to Fleur, and then shuffled them so Madam Maxime sat down with everyone crowded around her, and Harry was dragged into the front and Calla tried to shuffle herself away to very little success. Fleur reminded her twice that she ought to brush her hair, despite the fact she did not have a hairbrush with her - God, why didn't she have a hairbrush with her? - and it was very hard to smile seriously when she was already in a mood. It was worse when Rita Skeeter insisted on individual shots, shoving Calla into all sorts of different poses for the camera. It was a great relief when at last they were all free to go, and Calla hurried to grab her bag, cheeks blazing."That was awful," she muttered to Harry once they'd left. "Does my hair really look that bad?"Harry looked at her and shrugged. "I dunno."She rolled her eyes. "You're not very helpful."When they reached the hall, Calla went over to the Ravenclaw Table with Fleur, searching for Daphne and Padma at the other end. "Your friend is over there," Fleur said, pointing to the end of the table where Padma sat on her own, scowling a little at her dinner. Calla frowned."See you later," she said quietly to Fleur, and hurried to sit by Padma. "You alright?"Padma startled out of her thoughts, blinking. "Yeah. Yeah, fine, just thinking about Switching Spells. I didn't get much further in Transfiguration after you left, and it's bothering me.""You'll get it," Calla assured her, though she frowned, knowing there was something more wrong than just Switching Spells. "Where's Daphne?"Padma shrugged. "I don't know. She left so quick after Transfiguration, I don't know why." She stabbed a potato aggressively with her fork."What happened?" Calla asked mildly."Nothing. She was in a bit of a bad mood after you left anyway, and I don't know where she's off to now. Anthony went with her, too." Then she chewed her potato in the manner distinctive of someone who was annoyed and didn't know how else to express it."Want to visit Hagrid after dinner?" Calla asked her abruptly, trying to get onto a more cheerful topic. "I have a feeling it'll be nice.""Yeah." Padma brightened a little. "That would be nice actually, I feel like we haven't properly spoken to him in ages. We can't be long though - you need to practice before the Tournament."Calla let out a loud groan. "Don't remind me. I swear that was one of the worst hours ever..." And she told Padma all about everything that had happened during the Wand Weighing ceremony, between eating her dinner, at which points Padma made appropriate sounds of annoyance. When she was done, Padma frowned."Rita Skeeter covered Sirius' trial, didn't she?""Yeah, probably."Padma made a disgusted sort of sound. "My mum says not to listen to a word that woman says. She wants a story and a bit of gossip and drama and that's all. Parvati likes her, but that's Parvati for you, isn't it?""She was still annoying," said Calla. "And her quill was a blatant liar.""They shouldn't be allowed those things," said Padma. "Journalism should be about the truth, not the scandal." She shook her head, pushing her dinner away. "Let's go then, I'm not that hungry anyway."But when they got down to Hagrid's cabin, he already had a guest; he was talking amicable to Madam Maxime in his pumpkin patch, with his hair and beard both combed and gelled. "Oh dear," said Padma, staring. "What's he doing?"Calla saw Hagrid laugh and Madam Maxime lay a hand on his arm. She widened her eyes. "I think they're... flirting?""Ew," said Padma faintly. They glanced at each other and Calla held back the giggle that threatened to give them away. "Teachers flirting?""Ew," Calla agreed with a giggle, though she grinned as she looked at Hagrid. "He looks happy though. Like a puppy.""Or a baby dragon," Padma said darkly, and Calla snorted with laughter at the memory."Come on," she said, "before he realises we're spying.""It's not spying if it's unintentional," Padma whispered, getting to her feet."I feel like that's a moral debate," Calla said chirpily."Or something the eagle might ask about.""When is spying, spying? When it's spying."They both laughed again as they headed back towards the school, just about to slip back inside when something brushed past them in gleaming silver furs. Calla startled, turning around as the other person turned too, Karkaroff staring at them. She blinked at him for a moment, frowning as his hand went to his arm, as his lips pressed into a thin, angry line. Then after a long moment, he turned back around, headed swiftly in the direction of the lake. "Do you think he's a bit weird?" Padma asked once they went inside and were out of earshot."Karkaroff? A bit, yeah." Calla glanced back outside, but he had long since disappeared. "He gives me the creeps.""Snape doesn't like him.""Snape doesn't like anyone though," Calla said, and Padma grinned.Her smile faded a minute and she looked like she was about to ask something, but faltered. She pursed her lips before asking, "What have you seen lately?"It took her by surprise, and Calla had to think a moment before she answered. "A lot of things. Mainly... bad.""What about me?""You?""I... It's stupid." Calla frowned at her questioningly. "I don't know, I just have a bad feeling.""So do I," Calla confessed quietly. "All the time." Like she was haunted by bad feelings. "It's not just you."Padma tweaked her lips into a small smile. "I guess that's a little reassuring? I just... Things feel weird. I don't know if you've noticed or not... Daphne's not talking to me as much as she used to. She's talking to Izzy more.""Is that a bad thing?" Calla asked, confusedly. She hadn't really noticed it much, but now Padma mentioned it, she supposed Daphne had been talking to Isobel more, but they all had."I don't know. It's just different. And I just..." She trailed off, something sad in her eyes. Calla smiled weakly."Everything's different," Calla said, shaking her head as they arrived at the Tower, and slipped in quickly after one of the sixth years who held the door open for them. "But it could be a worse different, couldn't it?""I suppose," Padma said, though she was still frowning. It looked like there was more she wanted to say, but was too afraid to say it. She didn't get the chance anyway; a moment later Terry and Sue had appeared at the stairs."We were waiting on you guys," Sue called down. "We're working on Cushioning Charms first, right?""Yeah," Calla said, steeling herself. She glanced anxiously at Padma, who nodded tersely. "This'll be interesting."They worked in the boys' dormitory, which was rather inconvenient due to its size, especially when they were all moving around so much. Calla didn't know where Michael, Mandy and Lisa were, but all of the others were set on helping her, which made her smile. Daphne and Padma acted just as normal around each other, except from when they'd say things Calla couldn't hear and Daphne would seem to exchange a glance with Isobel, or Padma would roll her eyes."I don't know what's up with her either," Terry said. "Anthony says she's just worried about her Potions grades.""She's never been worried about Potions grades," Calla said flatly, frowning over at her friend. "It's one of her best subjects, because she barely needs to try.""That's what I thought. I said to him that if she was worried then she should stop working with Izzy so much, because Izzy doesn't care at all so long as she gets to do something new every time."Calla thought back to what Padma had said. "I guess. It's just weird, isn't it?"Terry shrugged. "Suppose so."A book went sailing towards his face, pitched by Anthony. Terry and Calla both had to duck out of the way, just in time. "You two! Try and focus!" Sue giggled, and Terry went red."We are! You could at least give us a warning before you chuck stuff at us!"Calla laughed, lifting her wand. "On you go then, Anthony."He promptly threw another book across the dorm and she had barely time to yell the cushioning incantation before the book clipped her on the shoulder at full force. "Ow!""You said to throw it!""It's a hardback! What'd you throw a hardback for!""Honestly, Goldstein." Daphne shook her head mockingly, and he glared between the others."I'm not sure throwing books really maximises the use of the charm," Sue said. "If you get, say, a rock thrown at you, you're not going to have much time to react. You'd be better off learning it on yourself, so you don't get hurt if you fall. Cushioning yourself is more effective than cushioning multiple objects under pressure.""Tell that to Anthony," Calla muttered, though she grinned at Sue."Does this mean we can jump on the beds?" Izzy said."No," Terry said flatly. "Absolutely not.""Why?""Because I know that you'll just do everything you can to break mine!"Izzy huffed. "Fine! We'll jump off the beds.""Someone's definitely going to get hurt," Padma said, shaking her head, but they did it anyway. It was actually rather fun, though Calla didn't think she made much progress with the charm itself, and at one point a scuffle broke out when Daphne, Isobel and Terry all jumped at the same time and crashed into each other, falling into a heap on the floor. They had to wrap it up when Michael came back in, because he was not pleased by the state of the pillows Isobel and Daphne had started hitting each other with."It is one use of cushions," Sue said cheerfully as they went down the stairs. "Just not a very magical one.""Maybe I can just strap pillows to my body," Calla mused, and though the others laughed, she wasn't completely joking. She had to do better, and soon. The First Task got closer every day, and at the rate, she was not only going to be a laughing stock, but could likely get herself seriously hurt, or worse.

The article about the Tournament appeared the very next day, carried into the Great Hall by the flutter of owls. Calla saw Fleur Delacour whispering to her friends over the copy a seventh year had shown them, and people were looking at her often over breakfast. "Pass me a paper," she said to Terry, who winced as he handed it over."I don't know if you want to read it..."She started reading quickly, stomach churning. There were things written there she knew neither she nor Harry had ever said, exaggerated beyond belief. 'Calla Potter looks so terribly young for one so haunted by the past... "My parents' deaths still haunt me. I often have nightmares about that night, but I know that they would want me to succeed."' And then about Harry, '"I know they'd be very proud of us if they could see us now... But I think I'd like to win this competition, prove myself... I suppose Calla and I are natural competitors, but we are both close, too... Both of us know what it's like... We do cry some nights, it's true, I'm not ashamed to admit it... And I know that whoever wins, nothing will happen to us in the Tournament, because they're watching over us both..."'"This is ridiculous," Calla muttered as she read a particular paragraph in which Skeeter's described the competitive spirit between them both and Calla's desire to 'step out of the long shadow cast not only by her tragic past but by her brother's young fame'.And as she read on she saw that Skeeter's hadn't only twisted their words, but interviewed other people about them. Colin Creevey, for a start, seemed to have given the impression that Harry was in love with Hermione, and that they were both 'among the top students at Hogwarts school'. She had not failed to note how Calla was 'by comparison, struggling, but keen to prove herself and rise to her brother's level'. And her supposed love life had been mentioned too, she read with an empty feeling.'And Calla Potter is alleged to have close relations with a Hufflepuff student in her year, one Zacharias Smith, though as our anonymous Hogwarts source tells us, they may be going through a lover's tiff cause by her surprise entry into the Triwizard Tournament.'"Lover's tiff?" she read, finally throwing the paper down in indignation, stomach churning. She and Zach... Well, yes, maybe she liked him, but whatever was happening was not a - a 'lover's tiff'!"Who spoke to her?" she said along the table, and all her yearmates shrugged, looking around."Dunno," said Lisa, and Calla fixed her with a dubious look. "It wasn't me, Potter. Believe me, I don't care nearly enough about you to talk to Rita Skeeter.""This is so ridiculous," she said, cheeks burning as Daphne and Padma read the article over quickly, and then winced at her in sympathy."I told you everything Rita Skeeter writes is nonsense," Padma said briskly, folding the paper up. "Anyone with sense will know the same.""Yeah well, I'd think anyone with sense would know I didn't put my name in the goblet in the first place, and look how that turned out."Over the next few days, she'd had to endure an awful lot of torment from the other students, largely the Slytherins, and a handful of Hufflepuff girls in her year - Leanne, Rachel, and Sally-Anne - who she'd never spoken to much but who she at least hadn't expected to be so mean. "How are things going with Zach?" Rachel Harris had mocked in the corridor before Transfiguration. "Lover's tiff sorted out yet?" She and the other girls had laughed, and Calla's cheeks burned.At least they only went so far as to talk about her and Zach - who had said an awkward hello to her in the corridor and then sped off in the other direction with Justin. The Slytherins were considerably more taunting. "Need a hanky, Potter?" Millicent Bulstrode had teased. "In case you start crying in Moody's class?""Trying to get on your brother's level, Potter?" Parkinson had called in Transfiguration after she had yet again failed to transfigure her guinea pig. "I'd say it can't be hard, but considering it's you...""You think either of you can win the Tournament? You wouldn't last five minutes, Potter. Even your mother watching over you couldn't help.""Sod off, Draco," Daphne had told him sharply after that, as Calla had clenched her fist very tightly under the desk, cheeks blazing. "You know fine well that Skeeter only writes drivel."Malfoy smirked. "Oh, isn't it true then, Potter? That you get nightmares?"Her heart had clenched, and she squeezed her eyes very tightly shut, concentrating on her guinea pig, whose fur seemed to turn a reddish colour in response. "Mr Malfoy," McGonagall had snapped. "I would thank you not to spread your gossip in my classroom and instead focus on your work. That guinea pig has barely so much as twitched all lesson."Even the red look of embarrassment on Malfoy's face hadn't been enough to cheer Calla up, though she didn't spot McGonagall's worried glance at her either.The only relief that week was Mairi's letter, a reply to Calla's last which had rather awkwardly translated the Tournament business into Muggle terms. The story Mairi had was that there was a big sport tournament with some other schools and everyone was annoyed Calla had been chosen to represent their school over someone worthier and better at sports, while Calla herself was nervous about not deserving her position. She'd touched on the gossip, too, but this was a little harder; she pushed it off as schoolgirl rumours and ignored that half of Wizarding Britain had probably read everything.Mairi's advice had been to ignore what everyone else said and concentrate on herself, and then rub it in all their faces when she did great. She herself had just made the girls' football team at Stonewall, though she said they were pretty rubbish. So, trying to ignore the comments from everyone around her as Mairi had advised, Calla tried throwing herself into preparations for the Triwizard Tournament instead. The First Task was only days away and yet she still didn't feel nearly prepared - not that she ever really thought she would feel prepared - and she didn't have any idea what she could be up against. She knew she wasn't supposed to know, but she had a feeling the other champions would at least have an idea, whereas she was left completely in the lurch with no idea what she might have to face.So every evening now, she would go up to Trelawney's classroom after dinner and before spell work practice with her year mates, and try to discern whatever she could from the crystal balls, tarot cards, tea leaves and flames. Trelawney was more than happy to have her there, and seemed keen to help Calla if she could, likely because she apparently kept foreseeing her death. The Tuesday a week before the First Task, she was in there as usual, kneeling by the hot fire and running her hands carefully through the gently coiling smoke. The fireplace sparked and the embers shifted, burnt flakes of wood falling and moving there.She didn't know what it was that attracted her to the fireplace - fire omens had never been her favourite method of Divination - but it felt right. Trelawney was watching her over the top of her own crystal ball, as Calla breathed in deeply, feeling the heat against her cheekbones. The flames shifted, embers falling to create the shape of a great beast, winged and massive, hulking out from the flames. She couldn't discern it right, and squinted, leaning closer just as it shifted again, something flicking the logs with what appeared to be a tail. It was a dragon, and when the embers shifted it looked like it was protecting something. She frowned, scribbling what she'd seen down on parchment and then looking back to the fire.A snake coiled and shot out of the flames, and Calla let loose a small shriek, scrambling back, heart hammering. The snake fell back, melting back into the flames, as Calla caught her breath. "What is it, my dear?" Trelawney asked, hurrying over. "What did you see?""It was a - a snake," Calla said, shaking her head. "It just gave me a fright.""Fire omens may often be frightening," Trelawney told her, staring almost hauntedly into the fire. "Snakes most of all... They are a symbol of change and transformation... the cycle of life..." Her eyes drifted back to Calla, who looked up at her curiously, waiting to hear what Trelawney interpreted. "But for a snake to lunge from the fire..." She shook her head adamantly. "My dear...""Yes, Professor?" Calla asked, prickling a little as she waited, wishing Trelawney could get to her point without the melodrama."This is a terrible omen... Your path may break, may take a horrid turn... There is a great change coming soon... And I have seen it too, my dear.""I thought so," Calla mumbled, glancing back to the flames."Come," said Trelawney after a moment's pause, "I sense, my dear, that you are troubled.""Yeah," Calla said tiredly, tucking her feet under her. She looked into the fire, watching the flames prickle against the brick, and hearing the crackle of burning logs. "I guess... I just don't really know what I'm up against. And I know I can't win, I don't even have a plan.""There are grave dangers in your path, my child," Trelawney told her, in a voice that was almost comforting even though her words were anything but. Calla felt like she was just constantly going around and around in circles, knowing she had to do something but never knowing what, and knowing what was coming but not being able to do anything about it. "Coming closer every day.""Do you have any idea what?" Calla asked her, frowning."It is hard to say... There are so many... But I see the skeleton, the symbol of decay, a breakdown..."But what did that really mean, Calla thought. It was all well and good to see an omen of misfortune or danger or decay, but without knowing what was actually coming she had nothing to do about it and no way of making a plan to confront it. "I sense the answer to your problems, my dear, may lie in an unexpected place... From an unexpected source."Calla sighed, glancing back at the fire. There was nothing in it now except flames and embers, but she looked anyway, comforted only a little by the heat. And then she startled, whipping around to look at Trelawney, who had a faraway look in her eyes. "Professor? Do you think there are dragons in the Tournament?"Trelawney blinked up with her massive eyes, seemingly startled. "Perhaps, my dear... They are certainly a portent of great danger."Well, yes, Calla thought, but her head was already beginning to spin at a thousand miles an hour. Then again, she'd seen that fish thing - a mermaid, could it be? - and a snake, but the snake showed up everywhere she looked, but a dragon... God, that was exactly the sort of ridiculous thing whoever came up with the Tournament would put in, and exactly what someone would think to use if they wanted to do her in. And though she couldn't explain how, it felt right, and she was growing to trust her Seer's senses. She'd have to try again to be on the safe side, but at least if she had an idea then she had a starting-off point with which to make a plan. "I think I ought to get back to my dorm now," Calla said, standing up abruptly, her brain still whirring. She'd need some way to protect herself from dragon fire, but she had no idea what, and even then, what would they have her do? Fight it? She couldn't fight a dragon - she'd have to borrow one of Isobel's books, or Hagrid's... but of course, Hagrid would know all about what they were doing with the dragons. Still, she couldn't try and get him to tell her to get past it.But she thought and stewed as she made her way down the stairs, along the Hufflepuff corridor. She saw Zach up ahead coming the other way and stopped abruptly in her tracks, cheeks heating. There was nowhere to duck into or hide; and he caught her eye, slowing down too. He looked like he wanted to say something as he came nearer, and Calla swallowed nervously. "Hi," she said awkwardly, holding his gaze. She tugged at the threads of the end of her cloak sleeve. "How - how are you?""Good," he said, just as awkwardly, eyes darting like he couldn't meet her eyes."Look," she said quickly, "I'm sorry about the article, I really am, I didn't - didn't say any of that.""Yeah," Zach said. "I... Mum said Rita Skeeter's a gossip hunter." He didn't meet her eyes."She's right." Calla bit her lip nervously. "I get if you feel weird about it, and... I get you being upset about the Tournament, too.""I know," he said. "I talked to the guys about it, and we all kind of agreed that, well, we saw your face when your names came out that goblet. But we can't really say anything, everyone else in our house is furious and it'd just be easier to, you know, go along with it for a while until they came around."Calla looked at him grimly. At least he'd spoken to Ernie and Justin about the issue, and it comforted her a little that they'd agreed, but still none of them had exactly gone out of their way to defend her or be nice to her. "So that's what you did.""Yeah. And I guess I... kind of believed it too, a little bit what Skeeter was saying. I couldn't argue because I thought, you know, maybe you did want to prove yourself. Against your brother.""Not like this!" Calla said, mouth falling open in protestation. "He's my brother, why would I want to go against him in a potentially to the death Tournament, just so I could... I don't know, what did you think I wanted?""I don't know..." Zach's cheeks went pink. "But I do know you didn't put your name in, I told you that already." She looked at him dubiously. "The rest aren't really - most of them don't think you put your name in, you know, Ernie and Justin and Hannah and Susan, but... We never get anything.""And Ravenclaw does?""You know what I mean. Everyone was so excited that someone might finally get to do something to make Hufflepuff proud and represent us. And then..." He shrugged. "If it's not your fault then it's not your fault, but. I don't know.""You don't know?" She fixed him with a hard look. "I told you even before all this I hated the idea of competing. It'd be a terrible idea. I thought we talked about this!""I know," Zach said. "I'm sorry." To his credit, he did look it, but he didn't seem to know what else to say."Yeah." Calla stood awkwardly, not knowing what else to do or to say."You really don't know what you're doing, do you?" he asked, and she startled a little, staring at him."Well, no," Calla told him quietly. "Not that any of us really do, but they're all... older and better than me, and Harry's Harry and you can bet he'll find some way, and he is a much more powerful wizard than I am. They've got a chance, and I really don't think I do."Zach looked at her for a long moment, his cheeks going slightly pink, and then looked down at his shoes. "Oh."Wringing her hands together nervously, Calla said quickly, "I should probably get back to Ravenclaw Tower.""Yeah," said Zach. "I should go to the common room..." But neither of them did. Calla swallowed, looking around, feeling oddly too nervous to meet his gaze. Her stomach growled loudly and her cheeks heated up, blazing red. "I'll... See you in Ancient Runes tomorrow?"And like that, something seemed to click, and Calla grinned as Zach hugged her quickly, making her cheeks blaze even hotter. "Yeah," she said, turning away and towards the Ravenclaw Tower, feeling a smile break over her face. "I'll see you!"She felt more cheerful than she had in days as she went on her way up to the Ravenclaw Tower, answering the eagle's riddle with a grin and setting off towards her dormitory. "You've only just made curfew," Mandy informed her, and she grinned."I'm fine. I've got some ideas, Izzy, could you lend me some of your dragon books?"Isobel's face lit up in excitement. "Yeah!"The rest of the week was much happier now Zach was talking to her again, and the rest of the Hufflepuffs in her year seemed to follow suit, discarding their old badges - though Rachel Harris still gave her certain rude looks in the corridor. But the first task was still coming closer and closer, and as she still had very little clue of what to do, she was beginning to feel rather hopeless, the way one does when falling with nothing to grab onto. She'd told Harry about her suspicions, of course, but whether he'd done anything about it, she didn't know. They were both nervous, but she knew when it came down to it her brother was much more likely to be able to find his way out of a tight spot than she was.So she'd taken to learning everything she could about dragons; caring for them, feeding them, and fighting them, which was her least favourite part. "You need to go for the eyes," Isobel told her on Friday night while a group of them - the two of them, Daphne, Padma, Terry, and Anthony - practiced various offensive and defensive spells in the Charms classroom. "That's their weak spot.""With what?" Calla had grunted in response, recovering from the Stunner from Daphne which she'd failed to block."Whatever works. Conjunctivitis jinx might work, to blind it, but you might also just really annoy it.""I think Calla could probably do without aggravating a dragon," Terry said, taking a hand through his hair. "No, you need to be sneaky. Brute force won't get you anywhere.""I don't have any of that anyway," Calla muttered, and Padma shook her head, whispering something to Daphne. Her arms prickled. "I don't want to fight a sodding dragon.""Well, if you're right and it is a dragon, then you're probably going to have to," Anthony pointed out, which wasn't very helpful."I know." She flopped dramatically onto a chair. "But I'm not going to win.""Not with that attitude," Padma told her sternly, hoisting her back to her feet. "Come on, put your shields back up."She obliged, with a sigh. Shields were the only things she could reliably manage - and even then, she didn't think they'd do much good against a dragon. If only her task was to predict what it would do, or translate some Runes; but no, a test of a wizard had to be their spellwork and their 'daring'. Who cared about daring when you could be smart and figure out a plan and not get yourself killed, or better yet, not have to fight a bloody dragon? "You're not concentrating," Daphne told her bluntly, and Calla gritted her teeth."Protego," she said again, seeing the faint blue shimmer that moved before her, wrapping around her like a cocoon. Padma sent a stunner in her direction, and the red light bounced off of the shield harmlessly, sparking and dissipating on the floor."Good," Padma said, as Isobel stepped forward."Right. Let's see what it can do with fire." Terry grabbed a bucket of water, just in case, and Calla shook a little. If Isobel set her on fire, she'd be pretty furious. "Incendio!"A blast of flame shot out the end of Isobel's wand and she jumped back. Calla was sure she shouted, "Cool!" but the words were lost in the roar of the flames as they rushed towards Calla, who squeezed her eyes shut and focused very hard on keeping her shield up like it was a wall of water, forcing the fire out. The roaring sound disappeared and she hardly dared to believe it as the steam curled in the air, and Isobel grinned, hair looking frazzled."Sweet," she said. "You got it!""Pity we can't replicate actual dragon fire," said Anthony. "But hopefully your shield will work against that too.""Not with my luck," Calla told him, feeling like with her luck, her shield wouldn't work against anything during the First Task."Cushioning Charm?" Terry asked, hopping up onto a desk, which wasn't very far off the ground."It'll work on you but I'm sure it won't on me.""Never know," Terry said cheerfully, eyes glimmering at her. "Come on."She sighed, pointing her wand at the ground and uttering the charm just as Terry jumped lightly off of the desk, landing with his knees bent, and winced. "Ah."Calla muttered a swear under her breath. "It wasn't bad!" Terry was quick to assure her."If I can't even cushion you from barely two feet then how am I meant to cushion myself if the dragon decides to throw me across the lake?" Calla asked crossly, nervous anger glaring in her chest."You'll get it," Terry told her, shaking his head. He was already clambering on top of the desk. "Try again.""Don't be silly.""It's two feet, it's not going to do me much damage."But that wasn't what was really stopping her. She didn't want to fail again, didn't want to fail over and over and over again. But she had to try again or else she'd fail in front of everyone and probably get roasted alive just like Voldemort wanted. So, screwing her face up to hold back frustrated tears, she tried and tried again, not only the Cushioning Charm but a whole host of other spells, and by the time they went back to the Tower, she was in a foul mood."You will be alright," Terry told her quietly, lingering at the bottom of the steps."Easy for you to say."He winced. "Yeah, I guess. We've still got time...""Barely."He looked down awkwardly, and Calla breathed in sharply, worried she'd offended him. "I didn't mean to snap.""You didn't," he said lightly. "You're fine. But... You are coming to Hogsmeade tomorrow with the rest of us, right?"Like she'd miss it now she was able and knew it would be safe. "Of course.""Good," he said, as Anthony beckoned him on up the stairs. "If you're struggling it might be because you're overworking yourself. It'll be good to take a day off."Part of her wanted to say she wasn't overworking herself at all, but the rest of her knew he was right. So she smiled placidly and nodded. "Yeah, it will. I'll see you in the morning. And thanks for helping.""Course," Terry said with a grin, and then hurried after Anthony, leaving Calla to be pulled along with Daphne, Isobel and Padma, who chattered excitedly amongst themselves as they all got ready for bed. The three of them were all seemingly asleep when Lisa, Mandy and Sue came in from the boys' dormitory, whispering to each other, but Calla lay wide awake for what felt like all night.She just felt heavy. Like she was being dragged down, like Alice on her way to Wonderland, and there was nothing to hold and nothing to stop her fall, and she knew that at the end, when she inevitably hit the bottom of this anxious pit, she might not survive. There would be no cake to make her smaller or drink to make her bigger, and nothing to help her but herself.When she dreamed she dreamed of that, too, falling down a great dark rabbit hole, crying for help that no one gave. She dreamed of a graveyard and a bloodied hand grabbing her by the throat, of herself falling and falling onto a field with a dragon at her back, breathing fire upon her neck, and she dreamed of drifting in the nothingness forever, with nothing to hold onto except to hug her shaking chest. When she woke in the morning she was crying, and Matilda stood over her worriedly, kneading at her hair. Moony perched at the end of her bed with bright eerie eyes, and Calla lay there a long while, staring up at the ceiling as dawn broke into the dormitory.She was tired all through breakfast, wishing she'd managed to sleep a little better. Her eyes were dropping as she went over to the Gryffindor Table when her friends were almost ready to leave, slipping into a seat beside Harry. "Got any further forward yet?" she asked him lowly, and he shook his head."Still waiting on Sirius to write back, I thought he might have an idea.""I have nothing," Hermione muttered bitterly. "I mean really, if it is dragons-""It is," Calla said tiredly, quite sure now.Hermione went pink. "Yes, well, then they can't expect you to do very much, can they? And I still don't think they would bring dragons into a school.""You also didn't think they'd bring a three headed dog or a basilisk," Calla pointed out, and Hermione flushed.Harry gave her an odd look. "Have you got a plan yet?""Not a plan so much as a couple of spells I'm hoping will work," she told him. "I'm hoping I don't have to fight it, but I don't know what else they'd make us do." She shook her head, tired of this subject making her nervous. "Are you coming to Hogsmeade?"Harry and Hermione exchanged a glance and Harry nodded. "Yes.""Good. Terry said I needed to take a break from all this and he's probably right." She glanced over to the Ravenclaw Table where Daphne was beckoning her. "I've got to go now, but I'll see you there, yeah?"Harry nodded somewhat gloomily as Calla got up, hurrying back over to her friends. "Come on, I want to get there before Honeydukes gets too busy," Lisa told the group of them as they hurried to their tower.The whole group of them went into Hogsmeade cheerfully, cloaks wrapped around them to combat the mid-November chill. Lisa, Michael and Mandy led the group, while Calla hung back at the end with Padma and Terry, Daphne giggling about something with Isobel in front of them. "I don't see Harry anywhere," Padma said, frowning around. "Maybe he's stayed and made things up with Ron?""No chance," Calla said grumpily - she'd had to put up with their fight for ages now. "They're both way too stubborn.""Boys," Padma said sagely, and Terry looked at them, quite affronted."Oi!""Don't worry, Terry," Padma said, "we like you."Calla giggled. "Thanks very much," Terry muttered, though he was grinning."There's Hermione," Calla said, suddenly catching sight of her strolling down the path by herself. She frowned. "Where is Harry?"Padma turned around, and she stared too. "I don't know. He did say he was coming, didn't he?"Calla kept looking at Hermione, waiting for Harry to appear, though he didn't. At last as they entered the village she called over, "Hermione?" and she turned, eyes wide. She seemed to say something, though Calla couldn't make out what it was, and then she grudgingly came over to them. "Where's Harry?""Here," came Harry's voice, and Calla stared at the empty space beside Hermione."You've got the cloak on?" she whispered. "Why?""Everyone'll look at me," he muttered. "And I can't be bothered with everyone looking at me today."Calla sighed, but she understood. "Stay by us then," she said to Hermione. "It'll be weird if you're seen as just talking to yourself."They went on with Hermione and Harry at their sides, having a quiet conversation as Calla and the others chatted. The day was looking perfect as they got chocolate from Honeydukes, and Daphne, Hermione and Padma took it in turns to choose different sweets for Calla and Harry to try, but it wasn't to last. Harry and Hermione had gone on just ahead of the other three girls, just as Rita Skeeter came around the corner from the Three Broomsticks pub, talking quickly to her photographer friend."Hide me," Calla muttered quickly to Padma, but she was too late; Skeeter had spotted her, eyes lighting up."Ah," she said, coming up to her with an acidic smile, "Calla Potter.""Rita Skeeter," Calla said quietly, with a tense smile."I hope you don't mind," Padma cut in loudly, "we're just on our way somewhere.""You must be a friend of Calla's," Skeeter said, grinning. "Tell me dear, how do you feel about the upcoming First Task?"The three of them all stared at her, unspeaking. It was Daphne who rolled her eyes and broke the silence. "Calla'll do as well as anyone else. Now, we have to go."They tried shoving past her, but Skeeter reached out a hand to clasp Calla's arm. "Now, now. You must be scared, aren't you? With the task only days away, how are you preparing?""Just practicing spells," Calla said shortly. "Nothing very exciting. Excuse us."Skeeter didn't seem to want to let them go, but Calla managed to squirm away. "We've lost them now," she muttered as they turned around the corner, looking for Harry and Hermione. "Damn it.""We can catch up to them later," said Daphne. "I've got to go to Gladrags Wizardwear anyway, don't you need shoes as well, Calla?"Calla nodded; she hadn't really thought about getting shoes for the Yule Ball to go with her dress robes, but she didn't really have much except her school shoes, boots, and a pair of Dudley's old boys trainers which she hated even with normal clothes. She needed something much nicer for the ball.Gladrags was, not surprisingly, full of Hogwarts students. Hannah and Susan were talking animatedly as they compared five pairs of heels, and Cho Chang and her friends were giggling over a magazine as they waited by a dressing room. Daphne led Calla and Padma over to the shoe section, where a magical measuring tap flew over to them, trying to gauge the size of their feet. Calla was very confused by the shoes, though, as none of them seemed to have sizes on them, and though she saw a couple of pairs of heels with the number five on them, they were massive and she was sure they did not equate to Muggle sizing at all. "How do we know what's going to fit?" she asked Daphne, who looked at her strangely."Well, the tape will show you. Take off your trainers and see."Calla obliged, feeling very awkward with her bare feet on the floor. The strange tape measure turned a bright pink as it flew over to her, measuring her feet, and she looked down at it uncomfortably. A moment later it had curled up and flew off towards a shelf line with an assortment of shoes; some white flats, silver heels, soft grey boots, and Calla looked at Daphne confusedly. "Just follow the tape measure," she told her.Calla did so, going over to the shelf. She wasn't totally sure what she was meant to do, but apprehensively took down a nice pair of pale grey heels. With Daphne and Padma in another corner of the room, she tried them on and grinned; they felt nice on her feet, and even when she tried to walk she felt stable on them, which had always been her worry about the idea of wearing high heeled shoes. So she took the shoes off and paid for them quickly, waiting for Daphne and Padma. They took much longer than she did, but half an hour or so later they had all made their purchases and were making their way towards the Three Broomsticks to meet Harry and Hermione. Remus and Sirius had said that they'd meet them at about half past one, and it was one o'clock now.They passed Professor Moody and Hagrid on the way in and spotted Hermione in a booth at the back, seemingly alone, but Calla was sure Harry was hiding somewhere in his Invisibility Cloak. "Did you get everything you were after?" Hermione asked cheerfully as they approached her. She had a whole load of papers spread out in front of her, and Calla frowned over them."What are you working on?" she asked, staring at the seat. She lowered her voice and said, "Budge up, Harry."There was a gently shuffling sound and she slipped into the booth, Padma beside her, and Daphne beside Hermione."Oh, good. Have we got any more members?" Daphne asked Hermione."Not yet, but I was thinking of asking some of the villagers if they'd like to join. And I'm working on updating our short-term aims; there's no point in simply trying to help without deciding on how we're going to help, is there?""That's a good point," said Daphne, looking down Hermione's list. "Listen, Hermione, I've got this Muggle Studies essay about pop culture, and Professor Burbage wants us to write about musical evolution in recent decades. Could you look over it for me and check I've got the right points, there are so many bands they all confuse me."Hermione obliged, and the two of them chatted over the essay. Calla turned to Harry, saying in a low voice, "What are you still hiding for? There's so many people here no one'll see you.""Ron's over there," he muttered, as if that settled the matter. Calla huffed, and decided it would be much easier to talk to Padma about shoes.At about half one, Remus and Sirius came in, sneaking through the crowd of people. They got quite a few looks, and Calla could hear Harry shift awkwardly beside her as they all bunched around into the booth. Remus frowned. "Where's Harry?" he asked, sitting down.Calla gestured to the seemingly empty space beside her. "He's hiding."Sirius shook his head. "Can't say I blame him. The looks I got coming up here... I saw that article in the Prophet."Calla made a disgusted sound and said darkly, "We don't talk about that."It was barely any time before the subject had turned to the First Task, and they all spoke in hushed voices. "Calla thinks it's dragons," Harry said, still hidden by the Invisibility Cloak. "And if it's dragons, we're goners.""It is dragons," Calla said, grimacing. "I'm sure of it.""Dragons we can handle," Sirius said. "We'll have a think... But we wanted to warn you, too.""Warn us?" Harry whispered, and Calla looked at Sirius worriedly. "About what?""Karkaroff," he said, after looking around him worriedly. "He used to be a Death Eater. He was in Azkaban the same time as I was.""I didn't know that," Daphne whispered, looking shocked. "How's he here, then?""He was released," Sirius explained. "I'd say that's why Dumbledore wanted Moody here this year, as an Auror, so he could keep an eye on him." A horrid thought had just occurred to Calla. "Moody was the one who caught Karkaroff. Put him into Azkaban in the first place.""Then how'd he get out?" Padma asked sharply. "And get made a teacher, no less!""He did a deal with the Ministry of Magic," Sirius said in a bitter sort of way. "He said he'd seen the error of his ways, and then he named names." A grim look settled over Daphne's features. "He put a load of other people into Azkaban in his place... he's not very popular in there, I can tell you. And since he got out, from what I can tell, he's been teaching the Dark Arts to every student who walks through that school of his. So watch out for the Durmstrang champion as well.""He has been teaching them," Daphne said, looking pale. "I remember Draco saying..." She looked urgently at Calla. "You think... he might have put your names in?"Calla shuddered. "I don't know...""We must consider it," said Remus worriedly in a low voice. "But accusations and blame are not the priority now. There's something much bigger going on, and I'm sure you know as we do, whoever put your names in that goblet was likely working on the behalf of Voldemort. Now," he lowered his voice even more, "we think we might have a lead on Peter's location."This stunned them into momentary silence, and then Hermione looked up. "Where?""We're looking at Norfolk at the moment. Couple of odd disappearances going on there... The Muggle police haven't turned up anything. It's a dead end for them, but we though we might take a look. We'll be at the First Task, though," Remus added quickly, and Calla breathed a sigh of relief. Knowing that he would be there made her feel at least a bit more confident that they wouldn't let her and Harry die fighting a stupid dragon."Good," Calla said quietly, and glared at the table. "You'll get to see us get roasted.""Don't say that," Padma told her sternly, and looked to Remus and Sirius who both looked worried. "We've been practicing lots of spells. Calla's going to be fine.""Easy for you to say," she said.They ended up steering the conversation carefully away from the topic of the tournament - Padma and Daphne thought Calla didn't realise, but she did - and by the time it came for them to head back up to school, Calla had almost forgotten the tournament for a moment, mind distracted by Sirius and Remus' stories of their school days. They were about to turn up the path out of the village when Remus stopped them. "You two still haven't decided what you're going to do in the Tournament, have you?" he asked."I've got an idea," Calla mumbled."I've... not," Harry said awkwardly, and she sighed."Listen," Sirius said quietly, as they stopped by the edge of the road. "The most vulnerable part of a dragon's its eyes. The Conjunctivitis Jinx should do it."She groaned. "Isobel said that, but we thought it'd just annoy it, which is the last thing I need. And I'll never manage to learn a whole new spell before Tuesday.""You both ought to have a back up plan, besides," Remus said, with a sharp look at Sirius. "We're not meant to tell you what to do, but considering Dumbledore didn't listen to a word of what we said when we told him not to let you compete-""You did what?" asked Harry's disembodied voice."Not that it mattered," Sirius muttered. "It's binding, apparently.""You tried to stop us competing!"Sirius looked a little guilty, but Remus just sighed. "Harry, we've just discussed the probability that whoever put your name in the goblet wanted to do you harm. Do you think we should allow that to happen and not try to stop it?"But Harry had wrenched off the Invisibility Cloak now and was looking between Remus and Sirius indignantly. "You don't think we can do it, can you?""Of course we do," Sirius said hastily. "Harry, I have every faith in you and your sister. But the thing is that you shouldn't have to do this."Harry made an annoyed sort of sound. A group of Slytherins gave them a funny look as they went past. "Yeah," Harry said eventually. Calla saw Hermione give him a look and felt a prickle of annoyance. "I guess. Thanks for the tip anyway."And he was in a mood all the way back up to the castle. "I know you're scared," Calla muttered, just before they parted ways at the Great Hall. Harry didn't reply, but his jaw tightened. "They're only trying to help.""Leave it, Calla," Harry huffed, and hurried away to join Hermione without looking Calla in the eye.

"It is dragons," Harry's voice said lowly on Sunday morning at breakfast. Calla turned around, looking up at him quizzically. Hermione lingered at his shoulder."I told you so, didn't I?" Calla said hushedly, glaring at him a bit. "What made you realise?""Hagrid... Showed me," Harry admitted. "There's five, one for each of us, and they're nesting mothers." Calla groaned. Nesting mother dragons were fiercely protective of their young, and often much more aggressive than male dragons."Did you get a look at them?" she asked quietly, budging over next to Daphne to make room for Harry and Hermione. Fleur sent a quizzical look along the table at them. "What breed were they?""There was... A Welsh Green, I think, a Chinese Fireball, Ukrainian Ironbelly, Hungarian Horntail and I think the last one was a Swedish Short-Snout." Some of them were more dangerous than others, Calla thought. They couldn't have just put them all on an even footing, could they?"I'll read up on those then," said Calla. "I only really know much about the Fireballs and Welsh Greens." Then she frowned, thinking of something. "How come Hagrid wanted to tell you and not me?""Well, he only caught me yesterday evening and I don't think he would've had time to find you, but he knew I'd tell you anyway, and you'd probably seen it already."She gave him a withering sort of look. "And you didn't think to say anything?" She caught Daphne smirking into her bowl of scrambled eggs."I - well, I didn't know if you did, and I didn't know what he was going to show me until he did. But you knew anyway, but I wanted to tell you that you were right."She sighed, shaking her head. "Fine. I get it. You got a plan then?" He flushed sheepishly, looking down. Calla huffed."Make sure you come up with one, then," she told him sternly, and looked at Hermione as she said so."What are you doing?""I'm reading," Calla told Harry, who wrinkled his nose. "Yeah, exactly. Newt Scamander loves to talk about how misunderstood dragons are and how to deal with them, but not very much on how to fight the bloody things, which knowing this stupid world is what we'll probably be made to do." She huffed. "I'll let you know if I have a breakthrough, alright, but until then...""I'll work on it," Harry agreed, getting to his feet with Hermione just after him. "Promise."She smiled wryly, watching them go. "Did you see Hermione's face?" Daphne whispered. "I don't think she thought you would be right at all."Calla shrugged. "I wasn't really paying attention to her anyway. But I guess we've got some more work to do.""A Hungarian Horntail," Isobel whispered over the table. "Those things are vicious, Calla. I can't believe they'd bring one here!""I can," Padma muttered darkly into her porridge.They spent much of the rest of the day working on homework with Daphne, Padma, Terry and Sue, something Calla found herself enjoying much more when the alternative was learning spells to try and fight a dragon with. She got through her entire Ancient Runes worksheet for Ogham, correctly matching the meanings to the symbols, then finished a Potions essay and her Divination chart. It had been a productive day, and she was quite happy with herself when she went down to dinner with them all, chatting happily about their work. "I kind of do wish I'd taken Ancient Runes," Sue admitted to them as they made their way into the Entrance Hall."You wouldn't be saying that if you actually had to do the homework," Daphne said - she had not enjoyed their study session as much as Calla had.Their spell practice session did not go so well. Terry thought it might be a good idea to try a Summoning Charm - "Dragons hoard things in the stories, don't they? Like Smaug does! You might have to get some of their treasure." - and while Calla hadn't been bad at it in class, now she was getting more and more stressed every time she tried it."You need to relax a little more," Lisa told her, observing from the top of a desk, and rolled her eyes. "You're too uptight, Potter.""Am not," Calla muttered, clenching her wand tighter and aiming it savagely at a pillow. "Accio pillow!" It raised a corner as if in a wave, and then slumped back onto the floor.Lisa snorted. "Told you.""Shut up, Turpin," Daphne said. She was only even there because they couldn't very well leave her out when Sue and Mandy were both there too. "She's doing her best."Somehow that frustrated Calla even more. When the next pillow didn't even do so much as tremble, she shoved her wand onto the desk and huffed loudly, slumping into a chair. "This is bloody hopeless," she muttered, head on the desk. "I might as well just offer myself as a bloody sacrifice.""You'll be okay," Padma told her encouragingly."No I won't," she said. "It was working before! I'm just... Ugh!"Monday morning seemed to go on forever and yet take no time at all. By the time it was the end of break and she was about to head to Potions after a failed Summoning practice, she was ready to fall asleep and not wake up until Wednesday and pray some miracle had let her magically do the first task without actually doing anything. But even in the Wizarding world that was impossible - well, maybe Polyjuice would work, but it wasn't like she could whip some up in twenty four hours, and there was probably something about that in the stupid binding magical contract.She was heading grumpily to Potions when there was a stumping sound from behind her, and she turned to see Moody, his bright blue eye roaming over her face. Daphne and Padma crowed from next to her. "Potter," he called gruffly across the hall. "A word."She grimaced; Snape wouldn't let her off so easy as any other teachers but she supposed she ought to see what Moody wanted. "Tell him I won't be long," she murmured to Daphne, who winced in sympathy as Calla went over to Moody. He held the door open to his office and she ducked inside nervously, looking around."So, Potter," Moody said gruffly, sitting her down. She looked around nervously; it was quite different than how it had looked when Remus had been the Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor, and she could feel all the decorations and instruments pressing in on her from their place along the side tables and walls. "Know how you're going to get past that dragon yet?"She stared at him. "I'm sorry?""I know you know about them," Moody told her. "Dumbledore's told me all about your visions, you know," he licked his lips, "and if you didn't see it already, I expect your brother would have told you by now."She flushed. "Yeah. He has, but - look I know we're not meant to, I couldn't really help it."Moody grinned at her and leaned over the table. "I'll let you in on a secret, Potter. Every single other champion is willing to cheat and scheme their way to winning. Miss Delacour? She may look like a pretty face, but she's capable of much more than simply looking pretty. She'd jump at the opportunity to see the tasks ahead of time. The others would all do the same, and you can bet they're all preparing right now. So I ask you again, Miss Potter. How are you going to get past that dragon?""I... Well, I don't really know.""A Ravenclaw girl like you?"Her cheeks heated. "Well, I have some ideas and I've been doing my research extensively. I think a conjunctivitis jinx would work, but I'm not entirely certain I can pull it off. So I'm working on calming charms, cushioning charms, and shields as a sort of a Plan B." Her words all came out in a bit of a rush, but Moody was looking at her like she was ridiculous and she didn't like that."Good," he said gruffly. "Charms and shields... You're playing to your strengths, Potter."She fumbled a bit, uncertain. "Should I not be, sir?"He grinned. "On the contrary, Miss Potter, it shows a good deal common sense. A damn sight more than your brother showed me this morning." That got a small laugh out of her, and Moody appeared to be satisfied."Off with you now, Potter, away to class."She smiled as she got up and then groaned, turning back around. "Sir, I've got Snape this lesson. Could you write me a note?"Moody made a grunting noise, and flicked his wand to summon a piece of parchment and quill. He scratched out a quick note, and Calla stared around the office properly. There was a cracked glass Sneakoscope spinning wildly atop a desk table, much like Harry's that he'd gotten from Ron last year, a large mirror with strange silhouetted figures moving within it like shadows, and a strange, tall golden device a bit like a very squiggly television aerial. The mirror and its shadows were what concerned her the most, and she looked away uncomfortably, spine shivering a little."Like my Dark Detectors, do you?" Moody asked gruffly, and Calla jumped, turning around."Is that what they are?" She smiled awkwardly then got the courage to ask, "What's the mirror do?""That's my Foe-Glass," Moody told her. "See them out there, skulking around? I can see them getting nearer. I know I'm in trouble when I can see the whites of their eyes." He grinned twistedly and Calla nodded nervously, wishing that she hadn't asked. "That's when I open my trunk.""Right," she said, smiling thinly at him. She stood awkwardly for a moment before Moody held out the piece of parchment to her and she took it quickly. "Thanks, Professor. I'll, uh, see you later."XxWhen Tuesday morning arrived, Calla was running on about four hours of sleep, and very little food, as she felt anytime she ate anything that she was going to be sick. She practiced spells in the dormitory before everyone woke up - which happened when she almost successfully summoned a book, but it hit the side of Mandy's bed and made her shriek - and at breakfast felt oddly detached from the whole of the world, head ringing. "It's because you haven't eaten enough," Isobel told her, shoving porridge over the table."I don't think I can eat.""Well," Padma sighed, "unless your plan to get past this dragon is to play dead, I suggest you eat."She ate slowly, every bite tasting like nothing and sitting uncomfortably in her stomach. Her mind kept running over every tragic possibility, recounting her Divination session with Trelawney the night before, in which her sudden death had been predicted three times, and she hadn't seen a single image in the fireplace, which she thought was itself a bad omen. They were among the last out of the Great Hall, and it seemed Harry had the same worry as Calla did. They went to History of Magic together in an uncomfortable, nervous silence."We'll be fine," Calla said as encouragingly as she could as they went to sit down. Harry grunted dubiously. "We will." She bit her lip. "Do you have a plan?""I have half a plan?" He didn't seem to have convinced himself. "Moody reckoned I should play to my strengths. Flying."Calla sighed. "Well, that'll be great for you! I can't fly."Harry smiled wryly. "You'll be fine."She gave him a look. "I hope so."The class seemed to disappear in an instant, practically flying by. She had no idea what the lesson had been about, but she had managed to draw a very nice looking blue dragon. She didn't think her doodled dragon - whom she had named Barnabus - would eat her. It was already much better than any real one.Calla's stomach felt like it had been tied in knots, and she had that same sense of foreboding that usually accompanied a vision, except she knew that wasn't what she had to be scared of. At lunch she had barely eaten half a sandwich before Professor Flitwick was hurrying over to her, seeming very fretful and even smaller than usual."The champions are to come down into the grounds now, Potter," he told her in a very squeaky, very nervous voice. Calla felt like she was going to be sick as she stood up, earning sympathetic glances from her year mates. "Time to prepare for the First Task.""You'll be fine," Padma assured her. "We'll all be cheering for you, won't we?"Everyone along their section nodded in solidarity, and she smiled nervously. Fleur was coming along towards them, accompanied by Madam Maxime, who seemed giant against the tiny Flitwick. Fleur seemed taller than Calla, too; so much older and more experienced. Her head buzzed like a nest of nervous bees. The four of them exited the Great Hall together, Flitwick wringing his hands nervously. Fleur was looking rather pale, though, Calla noticed, and seemed to have lost her usual composure. Rather than making Calla feel better, this just worried her even more."Now, Potter," Flitwick said squeakily, "make sure you don't panic. Remember your precise movements in any wandwork, and pronunciate your words, like I've taught you." He looked very worried. That did absolutely nothing to reassure Calla. "There are wizards on hand to control the situation, but I'm - I'm sure all will be fine, yes. Just do your best, as I'm sure you will... We all have faith in you... And all your housemates are behind you... Are you alright?""Yeah," she said weakly. "I'm fine."They went on in an awkward, nervous silence as Flitwick led them around the edge of the forest to where a tent stood, hiding whatever was beyond it from view. Dragons. Calla's stomach flipped."You're to go in here with the other champions," Flitwick said, voice squeakier still, as Madam Maxime murmured something to Fleur. "And wait for your turn to - to compete." He smiled shakily. "Mr Bagman will tell you the procedure. Yes, Miss Delacour's ready, on the two of you go... Good luck, Calla."She felt rather disembodied as she entered the tent by Fleur's side. "Calla!" Bagman called in a booming voice, bustling over to her before she could move from the door; Fleur went to stand in the corner of the tent with Cedric and Krum. Cedric was pacing on the spot between muttering nervously, and Fleur looked more nervous than ever, while Krum looked awfully surly. "How are you, my dear, how are you? Seen that brother of yours? Straggling at the last minute, is he? Ah well, best get some energy in him..." He looked distractedly at the tent entrance and Calla took the opportunity to go on her own to a corner where she lingered awkwardly, watching the other three champions nervously and fidgeting as she tried to run over everything she knew about dragons. Despite all the time she and the girls had spent working on it, she still barely knew what to do, or how."Potter," Cedric's voice called; Calla startled, looking up. Fleur and Viktor were looking at her assessingly, and she steeled herself when she looked at him. "How are you feeling?" he asked, beckoning her over.Shyly she made her way to the three other champions, feeling suddenly very short next to them all; they were all adults, and she was fourteen and barely sprouted. A dragon felt like an even more terrifying adversary now. Harry had just entered the tent and was having his hand wrung enthusiastically by Mr Bagman."Nervous," she said quietly, wringing her hands. "I don't really know what's expected, and well, you probably know I'm not great at spells." She shifted to her other foot, catching Cedric's sympathetic smile. "But I'm just going to hope for the best."Cedric gave her a smile. "Well, according to Zacharias Smith, you're going to do great."Calla smiled, trying to hide her blush. "I wish. I just want to get this thing over and done with; I'm sure you'll all do great.""Eez your brother friends with Mr Bagman?" Fleur asked suddenly out of the blue, nodding over to where Harry was stood speaking awkwardly to Ludo Bagman."Oh," Calla said. "Er, not really. I'm not sure what they're talking about."Fleur made a hmph sound and shook out her blonde hair. "I have heard very much about that Bagman. You know it is said that he-"But Calla never got to hear what was said about Ludo Bagman, as at that moment he returned with a slightly green looking Harry in tow. "Right then," he said, clapping Harry on the back. Harry stepped away neatly, coming to rest at Calla's side. She gave him a questioning look, but he shook his head, and gave her a very strained sort of smile. "Now we've got you all assembled, it's time we let you know what you're in for, eh?""When the audience has assembled, I'm going to be offering each of you this bag." He produced a large, purple velvet drawstring pouch, and held it out to them. "From which you will each take a scale model of the thing you are about to face! There are different, em, varieties, you see. And I have to tell you all something else, too... Your task is to collect the golden egg!"At those words, the champions had all returned to their nervous states. Calla wrung her hands together nervously, eyes darting around the room. Her throat felt awfully tight, and she was glad Harry didn't try to talk to her, because she was sure she would be sick if she had to open her mouth to say anything.It felt like no time at all when footsteps passed the entrance to the tent, and Bagman had brought his pouch out again, beaming. First he glanced at Calla then Fleur, holding it out to Calla. "Ladies first."With a nervous glance at her brother, Calla reached into the pouch and withdrew a large, grey-silver dragon with what could only be iron on its stomach. Her heart plummeted. "The Ukrainian Ironbelly," said Ludo Bagman, somewhat nervously. There was a small plank with a number five around its neck, that swung when it levitated into the air off her hand. "Well, you'll be going last then, Potter, give you a bit time to... Prepare."She could physically feel the blood drain from her face, and thought it was entirely clear that she was about to be sick. She was vaguely aware of Fleur drawing a - much smaller and less terrifying looking - green dragon, then Krum taking a red and Cedric a blue. It took a moment for her to register when Harry reached in and took the final dragon - number four. "The Hungarian Horntail," said Bagman, beaming at Harry. "You've got your work cut out for you there." He looked almost happy about it."I think I'm going to be sick," Calla whispered as they started to disperse. At the sound of the cannon, the first competitor, Cedric, was to step out and begin his task. She was glad she at least wasn't first - she'd certainly need time to prepare herself - but the prospect of waiting for so long while everyone else went ahead of her was frankly sickening."We'll be okay," Harry said, looking like he was going to be sick himself. "You know what to do, right?""With a Ukrainian Ironbelly?" She stared at her brother. "No. I do not!"Harry pressed his lips together and nervously patted her on the shoulder. "It'll be alright. Once you're out there, you'll be fine.""Sure," she replied weakly, sitting down. "Absolutely. Fine. Fantastic."What did she even know about Ironbellys? Scamander wrote about them a little: he'd worked with them before, and they were the largest recorded breed of dragon, which didn't exactly fill Calla with confidence. Stunning spells wouldn't work, and though she'd heard Fleur mention a bewitched sleep, that wouldn't be powerful enough to calm it. If they were intimidating enough to guard Gringotts, who knew what they could withstand? The model dragon was flying around her, but she noted it was slow, slower than the others' dragons seemed to be. Of course, it was larger, and probably heavier, especially with the weight of iron on its stomach. It would still be perfectly able to squash her, though.She was just dimly aware of the cheers as the other champions went out, not paying attention until Harry stood up from his seat beside her and she snapped her head up. "You're going already?" she asked, stomach churning.He nodded firmly. "We'll be alright.""Mr Potter!" Bagman called."See you on the other side."She couldn't bring herself to go out and watch, just cringe at every comment she heard, and the shrieks as her brother just narrowly dodged fire. What was he doing out there? It occurred to her that brooms were extremely flammable. Calla tried very hard not to throw up.Her little model Ironbelly was still flying around her and she sighed, reaching out her hand. The dragon stopped and glared at her, a puff of smoke escaping from its nostril. She chuckled waterily. "Come sit," she whispered, holding her hand flat. The dragon glared but she looked back with wide, nervous eyes. Another puff of smoke, but slightly less aggressive. "Please?" Even if she could just hold it, it might held her figure out how to tame a life size version. And to her surprise, the little model dragon flew over to her hand and curled itself into her palm.Calla stared at it. "Oh." She blinked. "Thank you." She stroked its back, scales hard. This dragon was rather slow, and when it moved it seemed weighed down by its tail. That could work in her favour; the tail would be dangerous because of its weight, but if she was quick then she'd have a speed advantage over the dragon. Of course, that wouldn't matter if the dragon simply crushed her. There was a scream from outside the tent and her stomach did a flip. It seemed Harry was determined to take as long as he possibly could to get the egg, and the minutes stretched infinitely until finally cheers went up and she was being called out of the tent dizzily.The sounds of cheers flooded her head, but Calla was quite sure she was going to faint. Holding her wand tightly, she tried to put on a brave smile, which she was sure didn't work at all. The crowd quietened, waiting in anticipation as she turned to look at the Ukrainian Ironbelly.It was massive, casting a shadow across most of the transformed pitch. Its eyes were red and its scales looked chillingly impenetrable. She could see that awful iron glint of its stomach. She didn't even have a plan. Tears of frustration and terror sparked behind her eyes, but she was determined not to cry. She did have a plan, she told herself. She'd been preparing, and she had to have faith that she could do this, even if it felt impossible. Harry had done it. Cedric, Fleur and Krum had all done it. She had to be able to do it too. Calla ran over her preparations in her head. Cushioning charms. Shield charms. Conjunctivitis jinx.Pressing her lips together, she crouched before the hulking creature and looked timidly up at it. The dragon regarded her suspiciously. She shivered, drawing back even as the crowd cheered and screamed for her. She couldn't do this, she thought, breaths catching nervously in her throat. It was too much. She couldn't fight a dragon, and she certainly couldn't fight this one. What were these people thinking making her do this, as if she was at all capable of it? No, she reminded herself again. Come on. Be brave. She'd been brave before, she just had to get on with it.Her grip tightened on her wand as if that would do any good; the crowd quietened to a whispered nervousness. She looked around, trying to spy the nest of eggs - there. Most of them were silver, or iron as she supposed, but one in the middle was a brilliant gold. That was the one she was aiming for.But how to get there? She could sneak around - ironbellies weren't built for speed, or for agility - but she was worried of the fire breath, and the dragon was definitely big enough to trample her. Going under the dragon wouldn't work either, and she couldn't sneak, but knew that going on an offensive would be entirely pointless, seeing as she was fourteen and really not magically capable and also facing a massive bloody dragon."I - I'm not here to try and hurt you," she found herself saying. If this breed was bred as a guard dragon, it would be well-trained, and perhaps easier to calm down. The ironbelly turned around to consider her with glowing red eyes. Oh, God. She felt sick. "It's alright. If you just let me past..."She took a step forward and the iron belly dragon opened its maw to belch out a plume of fire. Calla shrieked and leapt back being a tall grey rock, yelling out a "Protego Flammae!" A wall of pale blue went up shimmering around her, and the fire didn't touch her skin. Okay, so trying to persuade the dragon probably wasn't going to work. It was a foolish attempt anyway. Dragons were definitely not known for being reasonable. Another belch of flames and she doubled over, trembling, trying to calm her breathing as the air around her rippled with heat. She needed to come up with a plan, and fast.The little dragon Bagman had given her had been slow. She forced herself to think clearly. Maybe, if she timed it right and managed to distract the dragon, she would be able to run past it and make a dash. She was a good runner - from years of running away from Dudley and various other life-threatening situations - if nothing else."Come on, Calla!" shouted a voice, and she looked up. The crowd seemed nervous, almost as nervous as she felt.She made the mistake of turning around again to sneak a glance at the dragon, and almost got another hit of dragonfire. With a squeal, she ducked out of the dragon's way and rolled over the pebbled ground. The dragon howled and she dashed over to another rock, trying to come up with something to distract it. She could make sparks with her wand, she supposed, but to direct them away in a different direction from her... She gritted her teeth, and spoke the first spell that came to mind."Propelvarie." Nothing happened and she gritted her teeth, holding her wand tighter. "Propelvarie!" Across the arena, weak red sparks flew up, but they did their job and the dragon turned her head. It bounded over, stomping on the ground and narrowly avoiding the rock Calla was hidden behind. The sparks went up again and with the dragon distracted, she took her chance to dash towards the egg.The dragon stomped its foot and she let out a shriek as it shook the ground beside her, sending her flying and sprawling onto the rough stones. They scratched at her arms and thighs and she hissed in pain as she pushed herself up to stand."Right," she said, panting. "Okay. New plan." She didn't have one. "Protego flammae," she said again, erecting a cool and lightly shimmering blue shield before her. "Cool. Fine. You're a dragon."The dragon hissed, but there was only a little spray of flames, not the plume from earlier. It seemed... Slightly calmer. Maybe even tamer, if she dared to use such a word. The dragon considered her, seemingly placated a little bit now that she'd stopped moving and agitating it. Then she thought of the dragon from earlier, the little one that had crawled into her hand when she asked. Hagrid always said they were seriously misunderstood creatures, and hadn't little Norbert been sweet sometimes when he wasn't almost burning the hut down? The dragon was only protecting its eggs. She had to show that she wasn't a threat. She needed to keep it calm."I'm going to need you to work with me here," she said gently, as gently as she could without her voice breaking. It was the way she might speak to Matilda, that soothing and sweet way. The dragon cocked its head to one side as Calla pleaded with every part of her for the dragon to relax. She held her hands up, stowing her wand in her pocket with the tip just poking out and pointed in front of her. The shield flickered, and her stomach churned. She had to be careful."I don't want to hurt you," she whispered, making her way closer; the dragon didn't seem to have a negative reaction, so she tried again, concentrating as best as she could on keeping her shields up. They were her main plan now; she wasn't going to try and put any spells on it and risk angering or threatening it. She knew her strengths, she reminded herself, concentrating on keeping her body language open and gentle. "I'm not going to hurt you, or your eggs." The dragon snarled but didn't move to hurt her at all. She didn't kid herself that it could truly comprehend what she was saying, but she had to keep any hint of a threat out of her voice."And you're not going to hurt me, are you? We can be friends, darling. You're a very gorgeous dragon." The dragon relaxed just a little, shoulders falling from the hunched position they had been in. She crept closer to the nest, never breaking eye contact with the dragon. She made a point to move slowly and softly. It definitely wasn't calm or trusting, but it wasn't striking out at the moment. "See that gold egg? That isn't yours is it?" It still didn't blink. It was watching to make sure she didn't hurt its own eggs. Smart dragon. She kept her hands above her head, showing that she wasn't going to try anything. "See," she said, "I'm not here to hurt your children."The dragon snarled and lunged forwards, the momentary connection broken - or maybe it had merely been waiting for its chance to ambush her. Calla shrieked and made a mad dash towards the nest, fingertips scrabbling against the edge of the egg nest just as cold, sharp claws wrapped around her torso, lifting her up in the air. She shrieked, kicking, and tried to twist around. That was a mistake; her eyes fell onto the ground, as she was swung around by the dragon, screaming. Oh, this was all going so horribly wrong. The world seemed to be slower below her, shuddering like ruined video footage. Her stomach swooped, and she was amazed she didn't throw up. This was exactly why she didn't like heights."Let go!" she yelled, but the dragon seemed to have no intention of doing so. Calla's head spun.She kicked back out at the dragon's long leg, beyond the claws, trying to put out another spell, which was again ineffectual. A string of curses rolled off her tongue, and she pulled her elbow down to try and shove at the dragon's claws. A horrid clanging feeling went right through her funny bone and she hissed. That had been a mistake.Soon enough, either the dragon would drop her and break her neck, or it would roast her alive. Her mind scrambled, and as a last resort she tried to put out a calming spell. It did nothing; the dragon roared and Calla screamed, yelling out a "Bombarda!" towards a rock. Nothing happened, and she kicked back again, head spinning. She could hear people shouting, but their voices were distorted and she couldn't tell what they were saying.It was time for a new plan. Think, she told herself, but it was very hard to do so when she was several feet in the air and being held a murderous dragon. Even if she got the dragon to drop her, she'd still get hurt in the fall. "You have to let me down!" she yelled at the dragon, which did not respond except with a roar. It plodded over to the other side of the arena, and Calla swayed nauseously in the air, almost being slammed into the wooden stands. A first year shrieked as Calla's leg went through her SUPPORT CEDRIC banner.The sound seemed to stop the dragon momentarily. She seized the second of confusion to aim another "Bombarda!" at a nearby rock, causing the dragon to turn sharply and drop her in the process. Flailing suddenly, Calla tried a Cushioning Charm, just as her wand slipped from her hand. Her shield flickered before her and she squeezed her eyes shut, bending her knees as she went crashing into the ground, only just managing to land on the balls of her feet, before stumbling over and falling onto her knees. Pain surged through them, hot and searing. She could feel the sting of sharp stones poking through her trousers, and her whole head felt like it had been put on wrong, but she was alive, and nothing was broken. Probably. Maybe her elbow. Her glasses were gone though. Everything around her was blurred, and she couldn't quite focus on anything. Gritting her teeth, Calla reached out for her wand with a trembling hand, pulling herself over the stones towards the egg, and dragging herself eventually to her shaky legs. The dragon was facing away from her, its tail a few feet away. The world seemed to move in slow motion; the dragon turned furiously as Calla made a mad lunge forward, grabbing the golden egg and darting away. She clutched the egg tightly to her chest."I've not hurt your eggs," she told the dragon as it turned to her. Of course, it didn't seem to care at all. "See? I've only got this one, and it's not yours."The dragon breathed a plume of fire towards her and she instinctively yelled, "Protego!" A flimsy blue barrier erected itself, just strong enough to let her run. She was slow, though, body ringing with fear. The dragon's tail whipped out before her and she tripped over against the hard, solid iron. Her legs gave out and she trembled as she tried to shove herself to her feet. Her head felt heavy, and from the tingling feeling in her cheeks she thought the dragon might have caught her there, too."I'm not hurting you or your eggs," she panted, trying to breath as she turned. She really needed her glasses; she couldn't focus on the dragon, nor could she make out anything in the stands. Her chest was in pain from where she'd fallen on her ribs. The judges were near, she just needed to get herself and the egg safely out of the arena. "Be still a moment." She looked firmly at the nest and the dragon, though it narrowed its eyes, turned too, and slowly but surely moved towards its eggs.She wasn't taking any chances. Calla hauled herself further over the stones, legs scraping. It hurt, and she was sure she would have an awful lot of bruises, but right now she just wanted to get out of there. She ran faster than she could ever remember running before, holding the egg in the air as she fled the arena. The dragon handlers rushed in to take her place as the dragon roared.She could see the figures Daphne and Padma running over, though she could hardly make out their faces until they were right before her and they pulled her away to a different tent."Cal!" her brother's voice rang out and she tried to make out his face next to her. He held her arm. "Cal, are you alright?""No," she said hoarsely, letting herself be led over to a makeshift hospital bed. This had been a terrible idea. Her stomach gave a painful lurch and she squeezed her eyes shut. "Hurt... Everything.""Dragons!" Madam Pomfrey's voice cried as she bustled over. "Dragons! At a school! I told Dumbledore, I told him this would be no good! Now look at you!" She set about dabbing some sort of cool paste onto Calla's legs. "Where does it hurt, dear?""Everywhere.""You've got a little burn on your cheek, and that elbow's red.""Yeah, I think... I hit it on the dragon." Madam Pomfrey tutted. "Did anyone get my glasses?" Calla asked dazedly, as Madam Pomfrey put something foul smelling on her cheek."Um, I'm not sure," Harry told her. "I'm sure they will have somewhere.""If that dragon's stood on them... I can't believe this. No, actually, I can." She groaned and slumped back against her pillow, only to be pulled back upright by Pomfrey. "I bet I'll be last.""The judges'll give you your marks soon," Harry told her quickly. "Do you think you can get up?"She shook her head. "You," Madam Pomfrey told her, "aren't going anywhere until I say so."It was a few moments before Charlie Weasley cane into the Hospital tent, grinning and holding a repaired set of glasses. Calla sighed in relief and took them; her vision cleared immediately, and the familiar feeling of them sitting on her nose was oddly comforting. When she managed to get herself stable on her feet, quite some time later, she went outside into the sunlight with her brother, Daphne and Padma. Hermione and Ron were both lingering by the judges' table, and though Calla frowned at Ron's presence, she decided to say nothing until Harry did. "Are you alright?" Hermione asked in a whisper."I'm alive," she said tightly, rubbing her sore shoulder. Madam Pomfrey had done a good job, though.Dumbledore went first, and Calla watched as he raised his wand and sent a shimmering blue number six up into the air. "Six!" Daphne said, clutching Calla's arm. "That's not bad!""What did you get?" Calla whispered to Harry, but Hermione shushed them as Madam Maxime sent her own blue number five into the air."Not bad," Padma said encouragingly. "You're running at an eleven for now.""Yeah," she muttered, "out of twenty."A moment later, Karkaroff was raising his own wand; a bright blue number three went up into the air. "Three?" Daphne said indignantly. "Three!""It's fine," Calla whispered, shushing her. It wasn't like she had done well, though such a low score did unsettle her.Ludo Bagman lifted his wand, sending a number six spiralling into the air. The final mark was from Crouch, a slightly sad blue number five and she calculated quickly in her head. The two sixes made twelve, the two fives a ten, and then three was twenty six. That wasn't good necessarily, but she had technically passed, if she put it into a school context. And she supposed she'd had time to get used to failure. "Where does that put me?" she asked Daphne sullenly."Well, Harry and Krum are joint first on forty-one," Daphne said nervously, as she guided her back towards the medical tent. Calla's heart sank, though she tried to be happy for her brother. "And Cedric's third I guess, he's got thirty nine, and Fleur has thirty, so you're... fifth." She winced, and Calla sighed. She meant last. "But Karkaroff was totally biased, he marked you really low!""I did rubbish, Daphne. Even if Karkaroff had given me the same marks as Dumbledore did, I'd still be last," Calla said, though it could have been worse. She could have been dead."Just you wait," Daphne said, with some very misplaced confidence. "End of the next task you could be second, and end of the third, I bet you anything you'll win."Calla laughed weakly, flushing. She knew Daphne was wrong, but she liked that she'd said it to try and cheer her up anyway. "We've to speak to Bagman," Harry told her, steering her away in the other direction. "In the champions' tent.""Right," Calla said. She felt a little better going in now than she had the first time, and with the terror of the approaching task gone, the tent looked considerably more inviting. Though she really wasn't sure she wanted to know what the next task was, and she didn't want to see everyone else considering how awfully she'd just done in comparison. Fleur, Cedric and Krum all came in together, and Calla smiled weakly at them. A thick orange paste covered the whole side of Cedric's face, presumably from a burn."Good one, Harry," he said, grinning. "And Calla.""Yeah," she muttered, looking up. Fleur glanced at her sympathetically, which made frustration prickle at her."Well done, all of you!" Bagman said, beaming as he bounded into the room. "Now, just a quick few words. You've got a nice long break before the second task which will take place at half past nine on the morning of February the twenty-fourth - but we're giving you a little bit of homework to set your minds to in the meantime. If you look down at those golden eggs you're all holding, you will see that they open... see the hinges there? You need to solve the clue inside the egg - because it will tell you what the second task is, and enable you to prepare for it! All clear? Sure? Well, off you go, then!"Calla was rather subdued on her way back to the castle, not least because everyone seemed to be cheering for Harry, and she couldn't get out of her head the number twenty-six. The worst mark in the Tournament. She didn't know what she had expected, but it still stung to know how terribly she'd done. No matter how she'd prepared, when it came down to it, she'd freaked out and let her nerves get the better of her. Barely anything had worked how she'd wanted it to, and she'd been so scared. Lisa was right, she thought. She had over-thought it, worked herself up and convinced herself in all her planning that she wouldn't be able to do it. She hated it, but there was nothing she could do about it now. She'd just have to be better. There were still two more tasks, and at least she had more time to prepare for the next one.It still felt like an impossible task. Although Calla knew there was no point in resenting her brother, she left him with Ron as soon as she saw the opportunity, and went to the castle alone, ignoring Rita Skeeter calling after her. She didn't want to talk right now. She'd failed, because of course she had. All she wanted was to be on her own and have a bit of a pity party.When she returned to the common room, her house gave her a half-hearted applause and she sighed as she went upstairs, desperate to get changed into different robes. She set the golden egg down and looked in the mirror when she got in the dorm; her hair was a mess, there was a cut on her cheek and a bruise forming near it. But it could have been worse, she reminded herself with a heavy heart. She sat down on her bed, and Matilda padded over; Calla picked her up gently, appreciating the familiar weight on her lap. "You're alright, girl," she said quietly. "You're much nicer than a big iron dragon."Matilda gave a superior sort of mew, and Calla chuckled as she took the model of the dragon out of her pocket. It snorted and let out a puff of smoke; Matilda immediately started swatting the air in an attempt to catch it, and Calla found herself smiling. Yes, she thought. Cats were much nicer than dragons.She would have been quite content to remain alone with her cat and a book after all the drama, but it seemed no one wanted to let her be on her own. Padma, Daphne and Isobel dragged her down to dinner shortly after she got back to her dorm. They kept up an excited run of chatter, greatly exaggerating everything Calla had done well and conspicuously leaving out every part where she'd failed. She sort of loved them for it.Author's Note: Okay, this chapter was a STRUGGLE. I couldn't decide how I wanted it to go and kept changing things and then when I was finally satisfied with what actually happened, I'd changed it so much that it just felt really choppy and I had to fix that. I've also recently gotten the news that a close family member has just passed away from coronavirus, and I am very much all over the place right now. I'm still working on this, of course, but updates may be less regular for a while, so please bear with me on that.Nevertheless, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, and please, please, stay home and stay safe.

After dinner Calla met with Harry to go and sneak to Hogsmeade to speak to Sirius and Remus, seeing as they hadn't had a proper chance to speak to them right after the task. Remus hugged her tightly as they emerged from under the Invisibility Cloak just by the Shrieking Shack. "You both did wonderfully," he told them, beaming. "You terrified me, but I am so proud of you both.""It was brilliant," Sirius said, grinning, and then went to ruffle Harry's hair. "You flew circles around the dragon, you did, you could have outflown James! Oh, he'd have been so proud to have seen you today, Harry... So proud." She was sure there were tears shining in Sirius' eyes, but a part of her wished he had said that about her. "You're first! First!""Joint first," Harry mumbled awkwardly, glancing at Calla, who avoided Sirius and Remus' gaze."Oh, that doesn't matter. First!" His smile faltered a little when he looked at Calla, though she could tell he tried to hide it. "You did great too, Calla. The way you snuck away from that dragon, and just in time, too! It was fantastic!""Thanks," she said drily."I'm proud of you," Remus told her, eyes shining. "You completed the task, you kept your head, and just because it wasn't a big show doesn't mean you didn't do extremely well. It's not about entertaining, it's about intelligence, and I thought the way you handled the dragon was very skilled.""The judges didn't care about that," she mumbled, quiet so that only Remus could hear."Who cares about them? You made it through, Calla, and I know how hard you worked and how scared you were, and that only makes me more proud of you. And this isn't the only task, remember. You just have to focus on yourself, not anyone else." He hugged her tightly. "I'd have been scared stiff if it were me. You were amazing."His words filled her with a rush of gratitude and affection. "Thanks," she mumbled sincerely, smiling. She made herself smile as she looked to Harry. He had done really well, and even if she was disappointed in herself, that shouldn't stop her from being happy for her brother."You could win this thing," she told him sincerely, "you know that?""I couldn't have done it on my own," he said quickly, looking slightly alarmed. "I mean, I'd have never had any idea about the dragons if you hadn't seen them first or Hagrid hadn't shown me, and if Remus and Sirius and Professor Moody hadn't all given me ideas.""Yeah, but you're the one who flew past the damn thing," Calla reminded him, taking a deep breath. "And got first place!""Tied first place.""Only because Karkaroff's a miserable old git."Harry laughed, but Remus and Sirius both seemed to turn more solemn at the sound of Karkaroff's name. "Yeah, well..." Harry trailed off modestly, but he was flushed from the praise, and Calla grinned."I did notice Karkaroff looking rather sour," Sirius pointed out with a frown. "I don't think he was too happy about the way things turned out.""And he marked us both down," Harry said. "Deliberately. I expect he was furious I didn't get burnt."Calla smiled weakly. "I thought he just isn't very easily impressed.""Oh, no," Sirius said slowly. "I quite agree with Harry. Karkaroff didn't look pleased at all with you two, especially that Harry scored as well as Krum, and he was quite generous with him and Fleur.""That might just be his school favouritism though," Remus said looking between them."Or Karkaroff meant for us to get ourselves killed," Harry said."Well-""We discussed the matter with Dumbledore, and I don't think Karkaroff put your names in," Remus said evenly. "I'm not saying you shouldn't be wary," he added quickly, "but don't hyper-fixate on Karkaroff. Whatever he did in the past doesn't mean he is the same now. Just be careful.""And don't trust a word the bastard says," Sirius added."Yes, that too." Remus sighed. "We ought to get going," he said after a moment, gesturing to himself and Sirius. "And you two get back to school; I'm sure everyone's waiting to celebrate with you both. But promise me you'll both set to figuring out the next task as soon as you can, have a plan by the end of the Christmas holidays at least.""You can't still set us homework, you know," Harry half-grumbled, but he was still grinning.Remus smiled, and gave them both quick hugs. "Just promise me you'll be prepared. I do worry about you."Sirius mumbled the same as he hugged them, and Calla and Harry watched the two of them trundle back to the village and Apparate away. The twins stood together on the hill overlooking Hogsmeade for a moment, Calla watching the sky darken. "So you made up with Ron, then?" she asked, as they started on their own journey back to Hogwarts under the Invisibility Cloak."Yeah. He said he reckoned we'd have to be mad to have put our own names in. He thinks someone's trying to do us in.""He's probably right," Calla said darkly. "And he took his time figuring it out, he's been a prick ever since our names came out that goblet!""Yeah, well, we're alright now. He's my best mate, I can't stay mad at him.""I can."Harry chuckled. "No, you can't." He bumped her shoulder gently. "It doesn't bother me.""I think I'd hold more of a grudge if it were me," she said."It's Ron though," he pointed out. "He knows he was wrong now."Calla smiled, shaking her head. At least her brother was happy, even if she was still annoyed that their friend hadn't trusted them. "Well, I am glad you've made up. It was getting awfully dull watching you mope all the time.""I didn't mope!""Yeah, you did," she giggled as they went back towards Honeydukes, pulling the cloak over themselves again.It was only when they had almost reached the end of the passage, and Calla was checking the map for any rogue teachers who might spot them, when Harry asked her, "Are you alright?"She stared at him. "Yeah. Course I am." Calla narrowed her eyes. "Why?""I - I noticed you did struggle a bit." Calla stopped walking to glare at her brother, who quickly tried to backtrack. "I only meant, well, you got really hurt and your spellwork didn't seem to work great and I... Didn't really know what was happening?" He trailed off awkwardly, and Calla turned away from him, cheeks blazing. "I was just worried." So he thought she'd been struggling, did he? Thought her spells weren't working? He was right, but she wished he hadn't said it, especially since she'd been working so hard."I'm here, aren't I?" she said eventually. The judges must have picked up on the fact not all her spells worked, that she'd had to keep improvising, and that was why she'd scored so low. She hated the fact that Harry had noticed, and hated even more that he'd pointed it out. She suddenly felt rather sour; how had he done so well with a half-baked plan that she knew he'd only come up with the day before, and she'd been working so hard the last few weeks to try and get a handle on the magic she would need to use, and yet it felt like she'd still barely made it out of that arena with her life? Was it really just a matter of her over-thinking things? Harry had picked up on her failures, too.He insisted on walking her to the Ravenclaw Tower, where she answered the eagle's riddle sullenly, gave her brother a tense smile and slipped inside. The common room seemed to have been packed full of Ravenclaws, all grinning. There was a small fireworks display going on in the corner of the room, orchestrated by Luna Lovegood - who appeared to have an iron dragon scale in her hair. Calla couldn't help but grin as her friends cried their congratulations - though not without earning a couple of glares from more studious older students - and Daphne and Padma came over to hug her again, and someone had managed to get a radio to work and it was playing the upbeat music of a band Calla had never heard of, but it still cheered her up considerably."Everyone wants to know what's in the egg!" Isobel said excitedly, with a tight hold on Calla's arm. She was beaming, eyes lit with interest. "Open it, would you?""I don't know about just yet," she said awkwardly. She'd wanted to open it privately to figure it out on her own, but now more people had crowded around her."Come on, Potter," Lisa said, grinning. "We've all been waiting ages."She looked around at everyone's eager, excited faces, all of them looking at her, and felt herself give in. "Alright. Give me a minute, I'll go get it."She'd left the golden egg on her bedside table earlier, next to the small model of the Ukrainian Ironbelly, which was curled up on top of it and snoring softly, little puffs of smoke coming from its nostrils. It was almost sweet, but would have been a lot sweeter had Calla not been picked up and almost killed by a real-life Ukrainian Ironbelly only a few hours before. She gently moved the model off of the top of the egg and then took the egg itself, carrying it down the stairs to great cheers from her housemates. She beamed. "Go on, then!" called a sixth year boy. "We want to see!"Hands shaking nervously, Calla unlatched the top of the egg and it fell open, a bright light shining from within. There was a second of nothing but silence, and then the egg let out an awful, high-pitched screaming sound. Multiple people startled and clasped their hands over their ears, and Calla cringed back away from the egg, nearly dropping it in her shock as she tried to ram it shut again. "What the bloody hell was that!" Isobel cried, wide eyed. "God, it sounds like something's dying!""It sounds like a cat!" said a second year girl, looking very concerned. "You're not going to have to fight a cat!""Don't be stupid, Bella," huffed the boy beside her. "It must be some sort of other creature. A griffin!""Griffins don't sound like that," Isobel told the boy with a roll of her eyes. "Open it again, Calla, let's hear it."There were disgruntled murmurs from within the crowd, but much as she hated the sound, Calla obliged. There was a group of people all now leaning forward curiously, though they cringed away again when the same wailing came out. "You'll have to bring earplugs with you," Daphne said as Calla snapped the thing shut again."Can we-""I'm not opening it again," Calla said firmly, glaring at the egg. "It sounds horrid."Even so, she couldn't stop thinking about it. Her mind was already spinning at a hundred miles an hour as she tried to think what it could be. When she got back to the dorm in the early hours of the morning, the sound of the egg still lingered in the back of her mind; of course it wasn't helped by the fact that all the girls were also talking about it. "Could be a banshee," Sue was saying."Or a ghoul," Daphne said, prompting Isobel to do a very bad impression of the Bloody Baron. "The Baron isn't a ghoul, Izzy, he's a ghost.""Yeah, but he's still freaky. I wouldn't want to fight him.""I'll think about it in the morning," Calla said tiredly."It is morning," Mandy pointed out, and yawned loudly, falling backwards onto her bed. "And I forget we have classes in the morning.""I haven't finished my Charms essay!" Padma said abruptly, sitting up from under the covers, her eyes wide."You can sweet talk Flitwick into an extension," Lisa said, waving her hand. "I just don't think I can bear Moody's class in the afternoon. I'll have to have a nap during lunch.""Think I might join you," said Isobel, curling up under the covers on her bed. "Anyway... try not to sleep in... I really want pancakes for breakfast."Calla smiled as she herself burrowed under her covers, Matilda resting by her feet at the end of her bed. Her bright eyes blinked as Lisa turned out the lights, and soon they all fell into deep and comfortable sleeps. She wasn't worrying about a dragon anymore, and despite not knowing what the egg meant, she had time. And her bed was so warm and comfy, she fell asleep within moments, silent and content.XxShe didn't truly set about trying to work out the egg until the weekend, having suffered through a nasty Potions essay on antidotes and protective potions, and a whole load of Ancient Runes homework from Professor Babbling. "Don't think just because you can slip past a dragon, you don't need to know your runes anymore," she told Calla mock-sternly, when she and Susan both made loud groans of protest.Somehow, after the First Task, all the Hufflepuffs had warmed back up to her a lot more. Susan had already invited Calla to join her, Hannah, and Ernie's Transfiguration study group, and even the other girls were being polite to her, with Rachel Harris even waving at her in the corridor when they passed one another. But on Saturday afternoon, she decided to stay inside while her friends were out, feeling rather tired but determined to crack the egg, so to speak.After finishing her essays and writing to Mairi to let her know how she'd got on in the 'inter-school triathlon' she sat down in the corner of the common room with the golden egg and started observing it. None of its physical features seemed to have changed any in the last few days, but she went to sketching it, so she had something to label and work her notes around. It was rather plain, to be honest, with the most ornate and intricate parts being the three clasps at the top. She didn't want to re-open it in front of everyone else, though, because there were some very anxious-looking seventh years hidden behind a tottering pile of Arithmancy books, and she didn't want to know what they would do to her if she interrupted their studying.So with a sigh, she tucked her sketchbook and the egg under her arm and headed back up to the dormitory. "I thought that egg was rather interesting," said a misty voice from behind her on the stairs. Calla turned around, seeing Luna Lovegood standing there quite cheerfully."Really?" Calla asked, amused. She knew Luna knew an awful lot about magical creatures no one else had ever heard of. "You don't recognise it, do you?""Not in particular," said Luna, "though it may be a very large Omblom egg.""An Omblom?""It's a sort of very large puffy fish, with spikes and seventeen antennae." Calla stared at her, nodding faintly. "They live in the Baltic Sea and they can turn you to ice by looking at you.""Right." She stared down at the egg. "That's what you think I'll have to fight? An Omblom?""Oh, no," said Luna, eyes widening. "The Omblom are a very peaceful species, you wouldn't fight one. If it freezes you, you simply wait to thaw out. It's said that it takes an awfully long time, and I think it would be nice to have some peace to think. Many great philosophers are said to have been trapped by Omblom ice.""Of course," Calla said awkwardly. She smiled at Luna, who if nothing else, did amuse her with facts she'd never have heard otherwise. "Well, thanks, Luna. I'll look into it."Luna smiled and skipped away down the stairs, humming a merry tune. Calla shook her head, laughing amusedly, and went up into her dormitory. it was deserted, thankfully; Daphne, Padma and Isobel were tending to Hagrid's Blast-Ended Skrewts- mostly at Isobel's request - Mandy and Sue were still writing their Potions essay, and Lisa was somewhere with Michael. It left her free to do as she liked, and so she sat down on the edge of her bed with the windows and door all tightly closed, and re-opened the egg.It emitted only that same wailing sound, and so she snapped it tightly shut again; Matilda let out a yowl and leapt from the bed, glaring at Calla. "Sorry, sorry," she mumbled quickly, huffing. She reached down to scratch behind Matilda's ears, but her cat didn't seem impressed, and went to curl up underneath Daphne's bed instead.Clearly opening it here wouldn't do anything helpful, but she was sure too that there must be some sort of clue from inside the egg. Mr Bagman had hinted as much, anyway. She frowned down at the egg. "Come on," she muttered. "Won't you do something?"With a sudden flourish of inspiration, she grabbed her wand and hit the top of the egg enthusiastically. Nothing happened, and when she opened the egg again it made just the same sound as always. "For God's sake," she muttered. "How am I meant to hear what you're telling me?"If it was something written, then she could have deciphered it, but whatever ridiculous code the clue seemed to be in, Calla did not understand it. But then, maybe there was something inside. Bagman had seemed to say as much. With a grimace, Calla opened the egg again and stuck her hand in the gap inside. Her hand felt suddenly cold, like she had plunged it into icy water, but there was nothing else in there that could be a clue. Pulling her hand out and snapping the egg shut, she paused to think for a moment.What had Luna said; it could be an Omblom egg. Whatever an Omblom actually was or whether it actually existed or not, Luna had said it looked like one of its eggs, and it was a fish, wasn't it? Calla didn't know very much about marine animals, as Hagrid wasn't a particular fan of water, but it wouldn't be unreasonable to think that fish eggs might have water in them.Maybe the task would take place in the lake? But she couldn't think how. The first task had been a spectator sport of sorts, with a large crowd, and so attempting anything at the lake would make that tricky to manage. It was in February, though, and perhaps they were counting on it freezing over. She hoped she wouldn't have to skate. She had never learned, and the idea of trying to move and fight in bulky, heavy boots with sharp blades on the bottom just didn't appeal to her. Then again, swimming wouldn't be much better. She sighed.So, maybe the task was going to happen at the lake. She couldn't swim, or skate, and she doubted it could be underwater - how were they meant to last for any amount of time? Magic, she thought glumly. Perhaps that wasn't such a ridiculous idea.Still all of her predictions were just guesses based on the egg. She was sure there had to be something more to it, a challenge or piece of magic or enchantment that they had to figure out, or else Bagman wouldn't have given them so long to do it. There had to be another clue.Maybe the water itself was a clue. What if it had to be opened underwater? Calla bit her lip nervously. It sounded like a silly idea, but she didn't exactly have anything to lose, nor did she have any other ideas. If this worked, she swore that she would never let someone call Luna 'Loony Lovegood' ever again.She scrambled off her bed and to the bathroom, and filled the sink quickly with cool water. She swirled her hand in it nervously and then plunged the egg in. A little bit of water slipped over the top of the basin, as Calla fumbled for the latch; it was not a wail that came out of the egg this time, but a faint sort of singing sound, a sweet, high melody. But she couldn't actually make out what it was singing, either. She ran back through to the dormitory, picked up a slip of parchment and a drawing pencil, and set them on the sink, as far from the water itself as she could.Feeling foolish, she pulled her hair over to one side and leaned down to stick her ear in the water. The soft melody drifted through smoothly, and she gasped. It was working. Frowning, she closed the egg and then reopened it again, listening carefully.Come seek us where our voices sound,We cannot sing above the ground,And while you're searching ponder this, We've taken what you'll sorely miss.An hour long you'll have to look,And to recover what we took,But past an hour the prospect's black,Too late, it's gone, it won't come back.She stood up abruptly, shaking the droplets of water from her head so that they sprayed the walls, and the she lifted the egg from the water, jamming it tightly shut again. She replayed those words in her mind and scribbled them down, so that she wouldn't forget. She was just about to put the egg in again, to check that she'd gotten it right, when she heard voices shouting below followed by the slam of her dormitory door.She jumped, and dropped the egg into the sink, causing water to slosh violently all over her robes. There was a faint sort of sobbing sound from in the dormitory, and apprehensively, she moved to the bathroom door, opening it gently. Lisa was sitting on her bed with her knees curled up to her chest, shoulders shaking. Calla lingered awkwardly in the doorway, not knowing what to do. "Um," she said, and Lisa turned around sharply, rubbing at her red eyes. "Are you - you alright?""What happened to you?" Lisa asked her sharply, in an almost snarl. "You look like you've fallen in the lake.""I was, um, figuring out the egg," Calla said awkwardly, flushing. She wiped at the damp front of her robes, going red. She took another few steps into the dormitory, watching Lisa closely. "What's wrong?""Nothing," Lisa said. "Just - just... Michael." She shook her head quickly and let out a loud sob. "He's such a git!""Ah," Calla said, glancing at Matilda, who gave her a look as if to say this is a human problem, not a cat problem and licked her hand for good measure. Calla sidled awkwardly to sit by Lisa on her bed, wishing she could be anywhere else. "What - what happened?"He - he said I'm - I'm annoying and too rude and too argumentative and I just complicate things, and read too much into everything, which is ridiculous! And I'm too - too caught up in myself and he said I'm arrogant! Me, arrogant? Has he ever looked in a bloody mirror?" She shook from something that was between a laugh and a sob."What a git," Calla said hollowly, shaking her head. She rubbed Lisa's shoulder awkwardly, wishing there was someone else here to take over; of all the people to comfort Lisa, she was pretty sure she was the last choice, and didn't know what to do with the girl who didn't quite seem to have realised she was pouring out her problems to Calla."Yeah." Lisa wiped her eyes. "He just doesn't like that I always win arguments because he's a rubbish debater and he just goes round in circles because the only thing he actually knows about is - is Ancient Runes and Quidditch!""People are like that sometimes," Calla told her, nodding along faintly. "I'm sure you'll sort it out.""Not if he doesn't want to," Lisa muttered. "And he probably doesn't.""You never know."Lisa sighed. "I don't know if I want to. Not when he's being such an absolute git.""Yeah," Calla said immediately. "You can do loads better.""Mm." Lisa nodded. "You're right." She stood up abruptly, wiping her eyes, and looked rather fierce. "Don't tell anybody I said that, you're still really annoying. And I'm not coming to help you with any of the Tournament spellwork anymore, because he distracts me too much!"Calla nodded, with a very awkward smile. That was more like Lisa. "To be fair," she said, "I think he only came because you did anyway. You're very persuasive.""Thanks," Lisa said flatly."Anyway, I've still got this egg to figure out.""If you try and open it right now, Potter, I swear I'll kill you."Calla grinned; yes, that was definitely more like Lisa. It felt very strange for them to have an almost civil conversation. "I've already opened it, under the water.""Really?" Lisa looked grudgingly curious. "Did it fix the sound?""Yeah, it sang instead of wailed. I thought maybe it had something to do with some sea creature?""How did you think of it?" Lisa asked, staring. "That's a ridiculous idea.""Luna Lovegood gave me the idea actually. She said it looked like a... I think she called it an Omblom egg?""What the hell's an Omblom?""Some really weird big fish. With antennae.""Of course. That would be the sort of thing Luna Lovegood tells you about." Lisa snorted. "Well, I hope you can figure it out. I'm going to find Mandy and Sue. Don't get murdered by any dragons if you can help it.""I'll do my best," Calla muttered, as Lisa left. Once the door was closed behind her, Calla looked to Matilda, who was on the end of Padma's bed and staring at the door. her head turned to Calla, bright eyes blinking as if to say, That was a surprise. Calla nodded, chuckling weakly as she took out her scrap of paper on which the song had been written down. She didn't have the time to dwell on whatever it was that had just happened with Lisa; she had a riddle to figure out now.XxCome Monday evening, Calla was already tired of the fumes from Professor Trelawney's classroom, having spent most of her afternoon there, sweltering. Now that Ron and Harry had made up, they were both annoying her, and Harry seemed to have given up on trying to take the class seriously. "He's such a prat," Calla muttered to Padma, who had nodded soothingly and examined her star chart."Your Orion looks a little small," she said, "and I think you've made an ink blotch around about Pluto.""Great," Calla muttered, glancing down. "I guess I'll write that it's going to explode. What does that mean?""Great misery and death," Padma quipped, "most likely."Calla sighed. After her breakthrough on the egg at the weekend, she'd figured out she had to try and find something in the lake that had been stolen for her, likely by a lake creature. But with no idea what sort of creature, and no idea how she was going to be able to stay in a lake for an hour without drowning, or how she was going to learn how to swim, it was safe to say she was a bit stuck. The only consolation was that Harry didn't seem to have much of an idea what to do either, despite giving her assurances that he was working on it and had mostly gotten the clue solved. He didn't seem to want to talk much about it, but Calla didn't want to discuss her plan either until it was formed, so she respected that even if she was curious about what Harry was going to do.There had also been an article published in the Prophet that morning about the Tournament, which had done nothing to improve Calla's mood. Apparently, Fudge was coming under criticism for the handling of the dragons coming into the country, and was under increased strain. Some were saying that he wasn't taking security seriously enough; considering Sirius' escape, the trial and the results of that, and the events of the World Cup, there seemed to be some who were slowly coming to the same conclusion Calla had months ago. That Voldemort was on his way back to power, or that his Death Eaters were gaining strength at least. Of course, Fudge denied it all, saying that panicking was not in the interests of public safety, but Calla couldn't help but think he ought to be doing something. The Auror Department was immense and powerful, with a lot more resources at their disposal than Remus and Sirius - who seemed to be the only people truly concerned with locating Pettigrew - did, and yet they weren't being used because Fudge didn't seem to think this was important, or else was determined to ignore the 'rumours' to spare himself from embarrassment. It all felt rather shambolic.By the time it came to seven o'clock and she entered the Divination classroom, she was already in a bad mood with the world, and it didn't help that she'd been feeling utterly exhausted and wretched all day. When she got there, Trelawney was huddled over her crystal ball, staring into its depths - Calla made sure to close the door quietly and gently, and sneak around the edge of the room so as not to disturb Trelawney. It was a few minutes before she looked up, appearing startled to find Calla there."Ah, my dear, my dear, sit down," she said, and threw a gauzy piece of fabric over her crystal ball, the shadows in it disappearing. She looked rather disturbed."I didn't want to interrupt," Calla said as she took a seat opposite her at the table."Ah." Trelawney looked down, wrapping her burgundy shawl tightly around her. "I'm afraid my dear, I have not seen positive signs today. Only danger lies ahead for you.""Yeah?" Calla looked away; she knew that herself, and Trelawney had told her and Harry numerous times over the past few weeks. She was starting to grow weary of it. "Have you seen... anything... specific?""Death, my dear." Calla stifled a sigh. "The maze, showing confusion and a lack of direction. The graveyard, a sudden end to a journey." Calla's stomach turned uncomfortably. She'd seen that graveyard too; it still haunted her dreams and visions, like a bad memory. She didn't need Trelawney to remind her of it. "But that is not our focus tonight, no. You have your cards?"Calla nodded quickly - she wanted Trelawney to stop talking about her imminent death as soon as she could - and took her decks of cards from her pocket, displaying them proudly on the desk. Today she took out her illustrated tarot deck, and at Trelawney's prompting, laid them out in an arc before her, face down. She took her three cards easily, turning them over, keeping down her gasp. The lightning struck tower, the magician, and the hanged man. None of these were good, and Trelawney told her as such. "The lightning struck tower... sudden disruption, the magician... signifies the coming together of life and death, and the hanged man... sacrifice and trial... My dear...""I'm in grave danger," Calla said, rather snappishly. Trelawney looked rather affronted, whether at Calla's tone or the fact that she'd taken away her opportunity for dramatics."Yes, my dear. And it is coming closer all the time, you cannot continue to avoid it as you have.""But I don't know what danger," Calla said. "And I don't know what to do about it."Trelawney gave her a sorrowful look. "My dear," she began again, and Calla wished suddenly that she would stop calling her that, "I fear you shall never know." She reaches over to clasp Calla's hand tightly. "You must try.""I am trying!""Use your mind, dear. Open it to opportunity and dreams.""And how's that meant to do anything?"Trelawney frowned at her. "You must believe in it. Believe in the future.""I do," Calla huffed. "I just don't believe it's a good one.""Your signs are scary," Trelawney admitted, and there was a sudden seriousness in her voice that was rarely there. "But, child, you must not let your fear overwhelm you. Omens must be believed to be true, it is often the way of Divination. You cannot stop fate, but you can deny it satisfaction."She smiled suddenly, and seemed to snap right back into her usual mystical way of teaching. But her words had comforted Calla, if only for a moment. Trelawney's rare positivity gave her hope, and by the end of the night she did, by some miracle, find herself smiling.Author's Note: I just wanted to say thank you so much for all your kind messages on the last chapter. It's a very difficult time but it means a lot that people took the time to leave a message. Hope you enjoy this chapter!

"Will you stop that!" Lisa shouted for the fourth time in one day, as Calla, Daphne, Padma and Isobel took it in turns to tickle the model Ukrainian Ironbelly - which they had, after much debate, decided to call Brianna - and cause it to sneeze out a small puff of smoke every minute or so."Go to the library, Lisa," Daphne muttered, scowling. Lisa had been even more snappish than usual recently; shortly after her argument with Michael, the couple had broken up and somehow or another, Mandy and Sue had gotten in the middle and now Lisa wasn't talking to any of them."Leave it, Daphne," Calla said quietly, summoning Brianna to the palm of her hand and setting her down gently on her bedside table, where Matilda reached up to set a paw on her back. Lisa met her eyes briefly and then looked back down at the Transfiguration notes she was copying out."But I'm so bored," Daphne whined, flopping onto her own bed with a loud creak. Lisa scowled again. "There's nothing to do.""You could help me figure out what to do about the Second Task," Calla said, shrugging. A few days of thinking time and some careful Divination had helped her solve the riddle itself; it had sounded like a song, and there were merpeople in the lake, so she was sure she would have to get past them to retrieve whatever treasure they'd stolen from her. But apart from that, she didn't actually know how to proceed."You know you're not allowed to have help," Lisa said from her bed.Calla flushed. "Well...""I won't tell," Lisa muttered. "Merlin knows you need all the help you can get.""Thanks," Calla said drily, and exchanged a look with Padma. Truth was, she thought Lisa was being oddly nicer to her recently, though maybe that was just because she didn't have anyone to back her up."There's got to be something on Merpeople in the library," Isobel said, "they've got a massive creatures section. Come on."She stood up to leave, but as she did the door swung open, Mandy and Sue squealing. "You'll never guess what Alana Cowell just told us!" Sue cried excitedly. "Flitwick's just told the Prefects about the ball!""Ball?" Padma echoed. "What ball?""The Yule Ball!" Mandy said breathlessly. "It's part of Tournament! It's on at Christmas and everyone fourth year and up is allowed to go!"There was a moment while they all dieted thisniformation. "Are you sure?" Padma asked dubiously."Considering we were told to bring dress robes to school," Lisa said tiredly, "I'd say this should have been fairly obvious."Daphne was beaming. "It sound so lovely. And we all get to go?"Sue nodded. "That's what Alana Cowell told us anyway!""We're not meant to tell anyone yet, the teachers are going to make the announcement during classes.""But we'll all have to get organised, I didn't get shoes yet.""We'll get to bring dates," Mandy whispered, grinning. "Or brought as dates, I guess.""I'm not getting brought," Isobel said, wrinkling her nose. "You'd have to hang around with the same person all night, and d'you know how annoying the lads in our year are?""Suppose we don't have to go with people from our year though," Mandy said, already looking thoughtful. "A sixth year would be alright.""And who do you know in sixth year?" Lisa asked derisively, smirking."A few people, if you must know," Mandy said in a cool voice. "Maybe you could do with trying to find a date too.""Well, Theo had better ask me," Daphne said, shaking out her hair. "I don't want to have to go with some Gryffindor."At that, Padma looked rather awkward, and glanced out the window urgently. Calla frowned at her, but before she could speak, Lisa had stood up and strode dramatically out of the door, barging into Mandy's side on her way. Mandy scoffed and exchanged a significant sort of look with Sue, rolling her eyes. "Well," Daphne said, raising her eyebrows. "We were just off to the library."And the three of them sprang up to hurry out the room, avoiding the tension of the room.XxThe ball was officially announced on Monday, and throughout the week it seemed more and more people were talking about the ball. Calla knew a few girls had asked Harry, who had been very alarmed about it, and told her as much in Charms class. "I still think you could have been nicer to Lucy Terra. She was awfully upset when she came back into the common room.""I don't even know which one that is!" Harry told her exasperatedly."You're so hopeless," Calla muttered in reply. She caught Hermione's eye behind her and grinned. "I meant to ask, how are you doing with the Second Task?""Er," Harry glanced behind him to Hermione, who was listening in intently, "alright. Yeah, I think I've got an idea of what I'm going to do."Calla hid her smile. Most likely Hermione was going to come up with something brilliant, or would refuse to and force Harry to figure it out. "But you have figured out the egg at least?" He nodded quickly. "Good," she said, "because that dragon terrified me and we both need to be more prepared this time.""Yeah," Harry said with something like a grimace, nodding. "We'll be great.""Miss Potter," Flitwick squeaked at the end of the class, as everyone was packing up. "A quick word?"She gestured for the girls to go on ahead, listening as Daphne whispered about her prediction on how Theo was going to ask her to the ball. Excitement around the event seemed to have seized the school with great force over the last few days, and Calla was far from immune to it; she'd tried her dress robes back on yesterday, and positively squealed with excitement, not that she was going to admit that to anyone else. "Yes, Professor?""As you may know, the champions and their partners traditionally open the ball.""Uh, yeah," Calla said awkwardly. Open it? Did that mean..."You will be expected to dance."Of course. "Oh, right." She smiled. "That's okay, but, I'm not sure I'll be... very good."Flitwick smiled up at her. "That's why I'm letting you know, so you're prepared. But dancing really isn't as hard as it seems, I'm sure you shall be alright. And," he added, lowering his voice, "I wondered if you had gotten any further forward with your egg? I'm not meant to give you help, but if there are any resources you would like to borrow, you are more than welcome, Miss Potter.""Well," Calla said, "I think I know what I have to do, I'm just not sure how to do it yet. But, if you have anything about charms to breathe underwater... I guess that would help?"Flitwick smiled at her knowingly. "Well, you might find Transfiguration or Potions help you better with that matter. But if you have any thoughts, let me know." He winked. "And mind you get a partner for the ball."XxSpending time in the library was becoming an increasingly common occurrence for Calla, Padma and Daphne, as they tried to search for something that Calla could use to swim and breathe underwater. A week or so after the news about the ball was officially broken to them days in the library together, the three girls were once again sat together at a table in a corner of the library, four teetering piles of books boxing them in, and hiding them from Madam Pince, who was patrolling the other side of the library where Fred and George were talking hushedly crouched over various pieces of parchment. "There must be a potion somewhere that'll work," Padma was saying; she had been flipping through five books on the subject, but hadn't yet found anything that she deemed either useful or possible."I thought maybe there'd be a charm, ideally, or a potion. I could theoretically turn myself into a fish, but I'm useless at Transfiguration and we don't do human Transfiguration for ages. Plus, that'd probably come under becoming an Animagus and I definitely couldn't do that.""You're not useless," Daphne said breezily, turning the page of a heavy defensive textbook. "Though I still say you should just try scuba diving."Daphne, who had been learning about Muggle methods of discovering the oceans, thought that scuba diving was the best idea ever; but Calla was sure even if she could swim - the Dursleys had never even taught her and Harry - she wouldn't get it to work and the water pressure would be too much. Also, she was pretty sure it would be against the rules; she had to use magic. "I still say I can't," Calla replied."Just summon it.""That's probably cheating. Or copying. Anyway," she said, wrinkling her nose, "I don't just want to do what Harry's done. This has to be my own idea.""That we're coming up with," Daphne teased. Calla prodded her with a quill."That you're helping me to come up with. And if you don't want to help, I'm sure you've still got a History essay to finish."Daphne gave a melodramatic shudder. "No thanks. Besides, I don't really want my best friend eaten by a mermaid.""I'm not really sure merpeople do eat humans," Padma mused, "they're just quite aggressive.""Could I give myself a tail? That could be a compromise." But she still knew she probably couldn't. It was still a form of Transfiguration, and likely more dangerous than full body transformation because of extra room for error. "Ugh, there must be a Potion for that! Why does everything have to be wandwork!"Someone shushed her violently from behind a stack of shelves. Padma pulled a face. "You'll get it," she promised. "You've got plenty of time. If..." She frowned suddenly, cut off, and Calla and Daphne both turned around at the same time to see Hermione sitting with her head buried in a book - not at all out of the ordinary - with Viktor Krum talking quietly to her. "Don't look!" Padma whispered, but they kept looking."I didn't know they were friends," Calla said quietly."Is she blushing?" Padma asked."No, she kind of just looks annoyed." Daphne frowned. "His fanclub'll be along any second now."Calla watched Hermione smile, lighting her face up a little. She even closed her book. "Looks serious," Daphne whispered, and Calla and Padma both giggled.Then Hermione nodded quickly, whispered something back, and Krum disappeared just as his fanclub appeared, a gaggle of squealing girls who followed him behind another shelf and out of sight. "We have got to talk to her," Daphne said excitedly, getting up suddenly.Calla tugged her down. "Don't just stride over there, she'll get all flustered.""Hermione? Flustered?""She won't want any attention drawn to her," Calla said sagely."Yeah," said Padma, "she kept complaining in History about how her studying gets interrupted by his fans.""You didn't tell us that!" Daphne yelped, and someone shushed them again, louder this time. "Padma!" she said in a whisper."Well it wasn't a big deal, she was just complaining about it." Padma shrugged. "Anyway, shouldn't we be-""Oh, we have to talk to her now," Calla whispered. Was there really something going on between Hermione and Viktor Krum?"For goodness' sake," Padma muttered, shaking her head, but Daphne had already gotten up and both Calla and Padma followed her to hurry over to Hermione, scraping seats over to sit around her table.She blinked up, seeming surprised, and set her book down. "Yes?""So," Daphne said in a conspiratorial voice, grinning."Viktor Krum?" Calla grinned."What about him?" Hermione raised her eyebrows coolly."What was he talking to you about?""You were blushing." Hermione blushed even more and Daphne beamed. "Told you!""If you must know, we... we do talk sometimes.""We saw." Padma grinned too. "What was he asking you about?""And don't say it's house elves," Daphne said. "Because much as I support the cause, I don't think you would be blushing over it. And," she added, "he looked nervous.""Did he now?" Hermione asked coolly, trying to give the impression of boredom, but Calla could see the amused upturn of her lips."Oh, come on," she huffed to Hermione, "did he ask you to the Yule Ball!"There was a moment's pause before Hermione let out a giggle, finally cracking, and nodded. "I knew it!" Daphne declared, beaming. She grabbed Hermione's hands. "Tell us everything!""There's not much to tell," Hermione said, flushing. "We... we don't talk much, but we read together-""That's so cute," Padma said."-and he asked me and, well... he's nice, and attractive, and it's not like anyone else is going to ask me-""Oh don't be silly, Hermione-""So I thought why not?" Hermione was still blushing when she finished."This is so cute," Daphne said. "You've got dress robes, right? And shoes? Oh, Padma's really good at doing people's hair!""And me and Daphne can do your makeup," Calla said enthusiastically as she got on board with Daphne's way of thinking. "Oh, it'll be so cute, we'll all get ready together! And you can dance with Viktor Krum.""Not so loud," Hermione hissed, looking around. "I don't want everyone to know.""I'd be telling everyone," said Daphne. "Are you going to tell Ron and Harry?"Hermione shook her head. "No, I couldn't. They'd... well, they'd - at least Ron - would just laugh.""They wouldn't," Padma was quick to assure her, but Daphne was nodding in agreement. Calla stepped harshly on her foot."They would." Hermione shook her head; her cheeks were still rather pink. "Everyone would.""But you're going with him, right?" Daphne asked."Well, yes-""So everyone'll know anyway eventually. But," she grinned lazily, "we can shock them.""I don't want to shock anyone," Hermione said. "I just want to have a nice night.""We can-""Daphne," Calla said gently, shaking her head. She grinned at Hermione. "No one's going to laugh at you. Because you, Hermione Granger, are brilliant."Hermione flushed. "Now you're all just flattering me. I thought you would be working on the egg, Calla.""Is Harry?" Hermione looked down. Calla grinned. "I didn't think so.""Look," Padma said, "we'll leave you be." Daphne opened her mouth as though to protest, but Padma cut her off with a sharp look. "We should get back to what we're doing anyway before someone pinches our books.""Yeah, you look like you have about fifty of them."Calla grinned and hugged Hermione quickly. "Keep us updated with Krum, won't you?""Yeah," said Daphne, "we want all the details."Padma rolled her eyes at them and then winked at Hermione. "Have fun, Hermione."Now that Hermione had a date, all of them became increasingly nervous about it. Theo still hasn't asked Daphne, who was growing increasingly frustrated, while Padma was giving nothing away about whoever she wanted to go with and Calla just didn't know what to do. She need a partner thing, but she didn't know how to ask anyone to the ball, or if she should. Weren't boys meant to ask girls for this sort of thing? Did she even have to go with a boy? The fact that all the other girls seemed to want to go with boys told her yes, but she had an image of her and Daphne dancing together and couldn't get it out of her head. Daphne would go with Theo, anyway. And she told herself she only thought of that because Daphne was the only one of her friends to have any ballroom dancing experience. Zach was nice too, she reminded herself, and she did feel that nervous sort of excitement - butterflies - that she was sure she was meant to feel when talking to a boy she liked. Yet sometimes when she spoke to Fleur Delacour, or when Daphne leaned her head on Calla's shoulder, sometimes she felt the same thing. It was confusing but no one else seemed to be going through the same thing and she didn't know what she was meant to do about it.But she was pretty sure she was meant to go with a boy. There had been a second year Hufflepuff who had asked her, which had been incredibly awkward because she had no idea who he was and had probably made a complete fool of herself turning him down. Someone had sent her lilies, clearly trying to make an effort with her name, and she appreciated the thought but they also hadn't revealed their identity, and she grew exasperated by the fact that those flowers actually bore no resemblance to her own namesake, even if it was a sweet gesture. Not many boys did seem to want to go with her, but she wasn't too disheartened. Most of her dormmates hadn't had many people asking either. But she needed a partner and didn't know who to ask.For a starter, she couldn't ask any of the Gryffindor boys she knew because they were all friends with Harry; the only Slytherin boy she was even on speaking terms with was Theo who would obviously go with Daphne; Ernie and Justin both had dates, and Sue fancied Anthony and Isobel had said she wanted to go with Terry as friends to avoid getting asked by some random boy she didn't know, and Michael was obviously not an option. But honestly, if she had to go with a boy then she was hoping Zach would ask her, not that it seemed all that likely.She'd had multiple classes with him over the next few days, and he'd given no indication that he was considering asking her, other than mentioning that he didn't have a date. She didn't know what to make of that drop of information, whether it was a hint or if he meant to gauge her interest, or she ought to have acted on it or if it meant nothing at all and she was just reading too far into things and should move on and figure something else out. It was all very confusing and unnecessary. "Just ask him yourself," Isobel told her on Friday night when the girls were all sitting in the dormitory. "I asked Terry.""That's you, though," Calla said with a sigh. "And it's only as friends. I can't ask Zach. What if he says no?""Then he's an idiot," said Padma, who seemed tired of all of them talking about the ball so much."Well, Lewis Carlisle's already asked me," Mandy said conversationally from her bed. "If you ask me, the rest of the boys should get their acts together.""Theo's going to ask me any day now," Daphne said happily, glancing up from her diagram of a television. "But I do wish he'd hurry up about it so we can co-ordinate what we're wearing.""So that he can co-ordinate what he's wearing," Padma teased with a knowing grin. Calla laughed; Daphne had her heart set on a set of frilly powder blue dress robes and Calla knew she wouldn't change her decision for Theo. He'd probably wear black, too, like most boys seemed to. Calla had always thought the lack of colour in men's formalwear was tragic; she had watched part of the BAFTAs once when Aunt Petunia was watching it and it was very boring."Well, yes," Daphne said, grinning. "What about you anyway, Padma?""What about me?" Padma asked, looking down suddenly."Who do you want to ask you?" Daphne asked, leaning forward and grinning. Calla looked up cheerfully; honestly she couldn't think of anyone Padma had suggested she wanted to go with."I'm not fussy," Padma said with a shrug. "I mean I guess if someone I'm friends with asked I'll go, but it's not a big deal.""Not a big deal?" Sue asked. "Not a big deal? It's a ball, Padma! Probably the only one we'll get to go to at Hogwarts!""Yeah, but, I'll enjoy it on my own anyway." Even as she said it she looked uncomfortable, like there was something she wanted to admit but didn't know how to."Are you sure?" Calla asked, looking at Padma."Like I said, if someone asks me, I'll go with them, but I don't really mind.""But you'll be the only one on your own," Daphne said, frowning."Parvati hasn't got a date yet," Padma shrugged, not meeting Daphne's eyes."It's not like I'm going with anyone," Lisa added darkly from a corner."At least none of you need to go with someone," Calla huffed. "I have to open with a dance and I need a partner.""Go with Padma then," said Isobel."She can't dance with Padma!" Daphne said."Why not?""Yeah, Daphne," said Padma, looking affronted. "Why not?""It could work, actually," Calla mused. She glanced at Padma. She wouldn't mind dancing with Padma, but a part of her really liked the idea of waltzing with Zach. Then again, she thought, while trying to suppress a blush, she had to dance with someone and Padma was her best friend, after all. They would have a great night if they went together."It'll be a formal dance," Daphne explained as though the answer was obvious, "to open with at least. You'll need a boy to dance with.""Boys can't dance," Isobel muttered. "Haven't you seen any of them? Maybe if it was a choreographed fight. There are like four guys in our year who would make good dancers. I don't think it should matter if you go with a boy or a girl.""Theo's a good dancer," Daphne said, and Lisa scowled and chucked a pillow at her. "What?""You're annoying me.""You're annoying everyone, Turpin. Anyway, Calla, I say you could easily just go and ask Zach if you wanted to dance with him. And if he can't, Ron probably won't get a date. Just go with him.""I'm not going with Ron," Calla said, quite horrified."Ron Weasley?" Mandy pulled a face."What's wrong with Ron?""He can't dance, he won't dance, and he's Harry's best friend! It'd be way too weird." She screwed up her nose. Now she contemplated her other options, she would really rather go with Zach."Can you all stop talking about the ball before I absolutely lose my mind?" Padma asked, rolling her eyes."I second that," Lisa muttered. "I swear you've all lost all your sense of consideration for people trying to write essays.""Don't you want to go with anyone, Lisa?" Daphne asked with a smirk."Nope.""You could go with your book.""Shut up, Isobel. If you all won't stop talking, then I'm going to-""The library," Daphne finished.Lisa scowled. "You know you're really annoying, Greengrass?""So you keep saying, Turpin.""We should get going anyway," Padma said quickly, because Lisa looked like she might be about to spit something very nasty indeed. "To the library, shouldn't we, Calla?""Oh, yeah," said Calla, getting hastily to her feet. "I've got that...""That Potions book.""Yeah, yeah, I've got to get a Potions book out."And the two of them hurried out of the room before any more arguments could break out with them in the middle. "They're exhausting," Padma moaned as they left the common room. "It's not just me, they have gotten worse, haven't they?""Lisa's a bit understandable," Calla said. "But she just winds Daphne up, I don't know what else she expects.""Yeah." Padma bit her lip at the door, and looked at Calla. "Are you going to ask Zach?""I might," she replied awkwardly as they left, setting off down the corridor. "I'll try, I guess. But... are you sure you're going to be alright if you decide to go on your own? I might be able to get away with bringing a girl, no one told me I couldn't, and it would be fun for us to go together.""Don't be silly," said Padma briskly, "of course I'll be fine on my own. You ought to go with Zach - he's the one you fancy." Then she paused a moment, lingering by a tapestry. "Can I, tell you something?""Yeah," Calla said, frowning. "Course you can."Padma bit her lip, eyes darting everywhere except Calla. "It's just... Everyone's talking about who they're taking to the ball, the boys they're taking to the ball, and everyone keeps saying oh, you have to take a boy, you can't go with another girl, that's just not right, but... I don't want to go with a boy!" She bitbher lip, looking away. "I want to go with - with-""A girl?" Calla asked, staring."Don't tell anyone! Please, I know it's... weird!""It's not weird," Calla said slowly, reaching out to take Padma's shoulder. "Who do you want to go with?""Promise you won't tell?" Padma wouldn't meet her eyes, and that worried Calla more than anything else."Of course I won't, Padma." She nodded, sniffling a little. "Why are you crying?""Because it's a big deal and - and I shouldn't tell anyone, but... I've known for a while and I said I wouldn't tell anyone because I couldn't tell anyone, but - but I fancy Daphne."Oh. That made sense; awkward glances, the recent worries over their friendship, how Padma very firmly did not talk about who she might want to take to the Yule Ball, and her expression when Daphne mentioned Theodore. "Right.""I'm sorry, I probably shouldn't have told you-""Well why not?" Calla asked, brow furrowed."Because - because you know why not! Because I'm not supposed to fancy her.""But that doesn't mean you can't," Calla said quietly. She'd heard Aunt Petunia talking about girls who fancied other girls and boys who fancied other boys, and all the horrible things she'd said that sounded so similar to the way she spoke about witches and wizards."You - do you think it's okay?" Padma asked, and nervous tears were shining in her eyes. "It's - I don't know anyone else who-""Yeah," Calla told her quickly, "it's okay, Padma." She pushed her own thoughts and confusion aside. She could see exactly why Padma would fancy Daphne, after all. "It's okay."Letting out a rare sob, Padma moved forward to hug Calla tightly, tears dropping from her cheeks. "I didn't know how to tell you," she mumbled, "but I had to tell someone, I - I didn't know what to say, and this was the only chance I could get...""I know," Calla mumbled in return, squeezing her friend's shoulders. "I get it.""You don't! It's - it's weird! Parvati thinks it's weird, she doesn't know about me, but I've heard her speaking about other girls like me, I know she thinks it's freakish, I can't tell her! And you - you can't repeat this, you can't tell anyone.""I know," Calla said quickly, scared Padma was going to fall, because she was so much more worried than she had ever seen her before. "Padma, I'm not going to tell anyone. It's okay, you're my best friend." She swallowed and spoke again, quieter this time, "You know, my aunt and uncle think me being a witch is freakish. But that doesn't mean there's anything wrong with me, does it?""It isn't the same," Padma said. "You don't get it.""I know it isn't the same," Calla said, "but the point is, it doesn't matter what other people think of it. It doesn't mean it's wrong. It's you."Padma was nodding, chin bumping Calla's shoulder. "I don't know what to do about the ball. I don't want to go alone but I don't have any boys I really want to go with.""I'd go with you.""But you want to go with Zach!""Yeah, but I'd rather my best friend wasn't upset."Padma shook her head. "No, no, you should go with Zach. Daphne's right." She sounded like she'd started crying again, and Calla rubbed her back as soothingly as she could. "You can't dance with a girl.""I could!""No," she chuckled wetly. "I'll be fine. It was stupid of me to make such a fuss about this anyway.""No it wasn't," Calla told her. "I'm glad you told me.""I just don't know what to do about it," Padma said with a huff. "It's so... confusing!""You don't have to do anything," Calla said, as Padma drew away a little. "Just... I don't know. Most people never admit to crushes, regardless of what gender they are.""Yeah, but it's - it's Daphne! She's our best friend and I don't know how to hide it.""I think Daphne's a lot less observant than she'd have us all believe," Calla said, nodding. "If you want to tell her, tell her, but if you don't, it's not like you have to?""I don't know," Padma sighed. "Feelings are so... Complicated.""Yeah," Calla said, thinking to herself. She thought of Daphne first, and Fleur and then Mairi, all pretty girls. Padma only liked girls, but suddenly it made everything more complicated because Calla knew she liked boys, but hearing Padma's admission opened her eyes to her own feelings and now... Could she like both? Was that possible too? It wasn't like anyone had ever bothered to explain these sorts of things. "I get it.""Come on now," Padma said, and determinedly wiped tears from her eyes and cheeks. "I really do have to get a book for Potions. Just... promise you won't tell anyone about this?""Again," Calla said, "I'm not going to tell anyone. It's not my business.""Good." Padma sighed as they set off again. "I don't really - I don't really know how to talk about it but I'm glad you know?"Calla smiled back at her. "And I'm glad you told me."The smile Padma gave her in return was the greatest one Calla had seen in weeks. "Thank you.""What are best friends for?"In the library, Calla had a search for Transformative Potions and pored over it for the rest of the day, hoping it might be of some assistance and distract from these confusing thoughts and feelings that had suddenly appeared. It was okay for girls to like girls and she knew that and had told Padma as much, but when she thought of the butterflies she sometimes got when Fleur Delacour smiled at her, or the way her heart soared when she got a letter from Mairi, or the warmth in her chest when Daphne laid her head on Calla's shoulder, she also thought of the way she felt flutters when Zach complimented her, and the way she sometimes caught Cedric Diggory's hair shining in the sunlight and she didn't understand how the two could be the same and how she could feel... Both. Was that normal, too? Was she just confusing herself in light of Padma's revelation? She had too many questions that only she could answer, but she had no idea how.And Transformative Potions did nothing but frustrate her. It's only positive was that it was marginally less confusing than having feelings. It mentioned Polyjuice Potion, but Calla knew for a fact that it would not work to turn her into a fish, and she didn't want to risk it anyway. Other potions seemed either extremely complicated, or to take forever to brew, or they were too simple and just turned her into another mammal. She did find that a Warming Charm could be useful, and wrote that down for future practice, but there was very little else that she could think of to help her. It was like the universe - and the Hogwarts library - just did not want to her to figure out how to do this.At least she wasn't the only one who didn't know what to do. She had noticed Fleur and Cedric both looking rather concerned, though Harry had assured her he was on top of it, and Hermione reported the same story. If Harry knew what he was doing, she was going to pretend the same, and since he hadn't said what he was doing, she decided she had to take the solitary approach to this issue.In the run up to the holidays, it seemed no one wanted to do any work anymore, which was fair. Calla herself was tired often, whether from work or worry she didn't know, and she found she was getting headaches more and more often. She didn't know what that meant; sometimes it was concentrated in the area around her scar, and sometimes she just felt wretched and heavy and exhausted.Snape of course, kept them working right up until the last days of term as always. Calla was counting down the remainder of the Potions lessons for the term, and with two weeks left before the end of term was greatly looking forward to the moment when she could say they'd finished classes. She headed out of the class towards Charms on the Monday feeling surprisingly cheerful, and was about to head to Flitwick's room with Daphne and Padma before someone called her name, stopping her.She turned around, seeing Zach hurry towards her. Daphne and Padma hurried off in the other direction, Daphne waggling her eyebrows teasingly, which made Calla's cheeks flame. Padma just sent her a knowing look and an encouraging little nod."Hey," Zach said quickly. "Look, I might be late but d'you want to go to the ball with me?"In her head she'd imagined something a bit sweeter and more romantic, maybe involving ice cream or chocolate, but that didn't stop her from blushing greatly as she mumbled back, "Uh, yeah.""Good." Zach grinned, looking relieved. Ernie and Justin were just about to catch up to them, so he flushed. "I'll, um, see you later.""Yeah," Calla said numbly, and the second he had disappeared with Ernie and Justin, she rushed to her class to tell Daphne and Padma, hiding her squeals of excitement from Harry, who was muttering sullenly to Ron about something. It wasn't quite how she had imagined it might go. She'd thought maybe it would have been a bit of a bigger deal, whereas that had lasted all of about ten seconds but her momentary disappointment soon gave way to excitement over the fact that she had a date to the ball.Naturally, the girls both shared her excitement, and this brought Daphne to insisting that she get to do Calla's makeup for the ball. The three of them spent a large part of the class discussing the ball and their plans instead of doing work, but they weren't the only ones.It was dinner on the last Friday of term, after a vey unproductive day fuelled by the students' bubbling excitement, when Harry caught up to Calla, flushed. "You don't have a date yet, do you?"She turned to him and smiled smugly. "Yes, I do, actually.""Oh." Harry frowned. "Wait, who?""Zacharias Smith." She tried not to blush."The Hufflepuff? Isn't he a bit..." Calla gave him a look. "Ron thinks he's a bit of a git."Calla glared at him. "And?""You're going with him?""I did just say that.""You didn't tell me!""You didn't ask!" She raised her eyebrows."Right." Harry pulled a face. "You're sure?""Yes." Calla glared at her brother. "What do you want, Harry?""Well, I was... Neither Ron or me have dates yet, so...""So you thought I'd go with one of you?" Calla laughed.Harry went red. "Well, I thought you could go with Ron and if Padma didn't have a date... Because Cho's going with Cedric and there's no one else I want to go with.""Well, tell a girl that and she's sure to want to be your date." She gave Harry a withering look. "You know you need a date, don't you?""Well, yes. But I don't have one."She rolled her eyes. She wasn't surprised; she knew girls had asked Harry, but that he'd turned them all down, probably before he realised that he needed to have an actual date. "Padma's not got a date, but I don't know if she'd want to go with you." She sighed; Padma had said she wouldn't mind going with a friend but Calla still felt awkward at the thought of asking her about it. "I'll bring you to ask her, but I can't make any promises. Don't know about Ron though, you might have a harder time finding someone for him.""He wants to go with someone good-looking.""And how does Ron define good-looking?" Calla asked, trying not to laugh. "Don't tell me he'll try and ask Fleur." Harry looked slightly concerned by that thought; Calla thought it was concerningly likely that he might try and ask Fleur, and most definitely get a rejection. "I think she's going with Roger Davies, Ron shouldn't bother." She smirked at her brother. "You can come and ask Padma though.""I have to ask her?" Harry looked appalled."Well, yes! You're the one who wants to bring her to the ball with you!""But she's your best friend!""Yeah, exactly!" She shook her head exasperatedly. Padma had said she'd go with someone she was friends with if they asked her, but she still wouldn't be surprised if she didn't want to go with Harry, and she hoped she'd be alright with him asking her. Should she allow him to? With a sigh, Calla grabbed her brother by the hand and pulled him towards to Ravenclaw Table. "Come on, you idiot.""Oi!" Harry protested, stumbling over to the table. Padma and Daphne looked up surprised. "Hi. Um, Padma, can I talk to you?"The other girls giggled and Padma sent Calla a questioning look. She mouthed, 'as a friend' and Padma nodded, getting up. "What is it, Harry?"They stood off to the side for a minute or so before Padma returned, sitting down between Calla and Daphne. "Well?" Daphne asked, grinning. The other girls all leaned in excitedly."I'm going to the ball with Harry, as friends. He needs someone to go with and he'd rather go with me than someone he doesn't know." She shrugged. "I agreed. But I don't know who can go with Ron, Harry asked about Parvati but I know Ron wouldn't so much as dance with her, he'd be a rubbish date and I wouldn't do that to Parvati, but she hasn't got a date anyway, so I don't know if she'd rather a rubbish date or turning up alone." She huffed, shaking her head. "Harry's gone to find Ron."But Calla had just seen Ron come over to the Ravenclaw Table at the other end, looking very pale and nervous. He said something very quickly to Fleur Delacour, who looked up and stared at him in shock as he stumbled a bit, leading Dean Thomas to hold him back in alarm. "Jesus," Calla muttered."He's not asking Fleur is he?" Daphne asked, laughing. Padma elbowed her in the side as Fleur Delacour shook her head rather pityingly, and Ron stepped back, looking rather like he might faint, and half ran back up the aisle and out the hall, Ginny hurrying swiftly after him. Giggles broke out down the end of the table where Fleur was sitting, and Calla shook her head."I knew this was coming," she told her plate of chicken, sighing."Ron and Fleur." Daphne snorted. "He's got guts though, you've got to give him that."Their dinner was cut off about five minutes later, as Michael Corner arrived, looking very pleased with himself. "I've just gotten myself a date with Camilla Sandown," Calla heard him tell Terry and Anthony pompously."The sixth year?" Terry asked. Lisa seemed to grip her fork very tightly. "The blonde one, in Hufflepuff?""She's good looking," Anthony said, and pulled a face of exaggerated surprise. "What's she doing going with you?""Clearly, I'm more charming than you think, Goldstein," said Michael in a proud voice. "She couldn't resist."Lisa slammed her fork down on the table and promptly stormed out. Isobel's glass of pumpkin juice tipped over and spilled over both her and Daphne's dinner plates. Michael stared after Lisa. "And what's gotten into her?"Calla shook her head. "Camilla Sandown," Isobel said, letting out a low whistle. She raised her eyebrows. "Nice one, Corner.""What?" He looked at Terry and Anthony, both of whole just shrugged. "What did I do?""I think she's upset.""Well, she shouldn't be!" He huffed. "We broke up ages ago, I can go to the ball with whoever I like and it's got nothing to do with her!""Yeah," Anthony said. "But this is Lisa we're talking about. She's always annoyed about something."Mandy huffed loudly. "Tell me about it."Calla, Padma and Daphne exchanged exasperated looks. They all made silent vows to stay the hell out of Lisa and Michael's ways at the ball. "Well, I'm finished," Daphne said, glaring at her sodden chips. "Thanks to Turpin. And Corner?"Michael glanced up. "What, Greengrass?"She grinned. "Nice work with Sandown. I'm impressed."Giggling, she left the hall with Calla, Padma and Isobel, and they all quickly started gossiping about the ball. It was coming soon, all at once, and Calla couldn't help the excitement she felt.Author's Note: Okay so this was a big chapter? I've been planning Padma's coming out for ages but finally writing it was a lot more nerve-wracking than I thought so I really hope I've done it justice. As a bisexual woman, coming outs are still really difficult for me to write somehow (mainly because mine have always been so awkward I guess) but I hope you all enjoyed? I always thought the Wizarding World of the 1990s wouldn't be much more tolerant than the Muggle one - they are after all, pretty stuck in the past in a lot of ways - but Calla would be more open to it than others, as a rejection of the sorts of views her aunt and uncle have. And of course this also raises some questions for Calla herself. No spoilers on who Padma's going to end up with, but the fact she has a crush on Daphne specifically is definitely going to come into greater play. This was a really important chapter for me to write and I hope I did it justice. I hope you guys enjoyed, please let me know your thoughts! Next chapter is the Yule Ball, and it needs a bit of work but I'm pretty excited for it, so will try and update soon!

Despite the immensely heavy load of homework the fourth years had been given, most of Calla's year didn't seem to be bothering themselves with studies at all as the holiday arrived. Even in the Ravenclaw Tower, most of the students who'd stayed - which was near enough everyone in fourth year and above - were too excited about the Yule Ball to do much studying, with the exception of some seventh years and Lisa Turpin, who was very quickly throwing herself into studying, especially following the news that Michael was going to the Yule Ball with an older girl."Just find someone to go with who's better looking than Corner," Daphne told her. "It won't be hard."Unfortunately, that seemed to upset Lisa more than comfort her, and she had to toss her Arithmancy homework to the side so she could bury her face in her pillow. "Nice one, Daphne," Padma muttered, going over to Lisa.Daphne rolled her eyes and whispered something under her breath to Isobel, who giggled. Neither of them were working, of course; they had decided that Exploding Snap was more important than studying, which became increasingly annoying as Calla attempted to formulate a Rune pattern that would allow her to swim deeper underwater. She wasn't really sure it could work at all, and so far had shown little promise, but the thing about Runes was that while they were often ignored due to their lack of ability to create or change any magical properties, they were very good at enhancing non-Magical ones.She was just feeling like she might be onto something when there was a sharp rap at the window, followed by a very loud explosion from Daphne's bed - her duvet was slightly smoking - and Lisa sat up suddenly to storm from the room. "Dunno why she's making such a fuss," said Isobel. "Its just Snap.""She's just in a foul mood," Daphne said. "I don't see why she can't just talk to Mandy and Sue. Though I can't say I blame them for not wanting to hear her whining." She shook her head in disgust, laying down a card. "I don't know why she expects us to be sympathetic. It's not like she's our friend."Calla latched open the window tiredly and let Moony swoop in to perch on her bedside, ignoring Daphne. "She's going through a difficult time," Padma said tentatively. "I know she isn't very nice, but it seems a shame to upset her more than she already is.""Speak for yourself," Daphne said. "It's not our fault.""You could at least try to be more considerate," Calla told her quietly. "She has been really upset.""And how many times has she upset one of us? You, mainly?"Calla shook her head. Honestly, she hadn't been truly upset by Lisa in a long time, and she'd grown used to their sniping back and forth. It had become not quite friendly, but maybe familiar, and it didn't truly bother her. She turned to Moony as Daphne and Isobel resumed muttering over their game of snap; her owl carried a letter from Remus.To Calla, I'm not surprised you and Harry are staying for the Yule Ball. You'll have a wonderful time (your brother tells me you're going with Zacharias Smith from Hufflepuff, though I'm not to tell you he told me), and I'm sure you're hard at work preparing for the Second Task. I can't say it'll be a quiet Christmas for us here; there's not much I can let on, just in case this gets intercepted, but Sirius and I are off to chase one of our leads. There are things here that are leaving us with more questions than answers, and Dumbledore is being worryingly of little help. That said, we think we may be onto something, and we'll let you know as soon as there are any other developments.As for you, keep your head down, keep hard at work, and keep yourself safe. I'll write to you for Christmas; enjoy the start of the holidays.RemusShe smiled as she read it, handing Moony an owl treat which he nibbled out of her hand. "Anything important?" Padma asked Calla, sitting down on the bed next to her."They're going after a lead," Calla told her quietly, "but Remus doesn't say what. Whether it's Pettigrew or Karkaroff or both.""It's something though, right?""Yeah, I guess. I just wish there was something I could do.""You need to survive the Second Task is what you need to do," Padma reminded her. "And you will, I know you will."Calla smiled. "I think we'll have to survive the Yule Ball first," she said, and Padma laughed."Stop talking like going with Zach is such an ordeal," she teased. "You're going to stun him."She giggled. "Not with magic, I hope."Padma bit her lip and then glanced over at Daphne and Isobel, before she whispered, "You really think Harry doesn't mind going with me?""He'd rather go with you than someone he doesn't know. And otherwise he wouldn't be happy going with anyone but Cho." Calla shrugged and gave Padma a warm smile. "You'll both have a great time, you'll see.""Yeah. I'm just... I feel bad for Lisa.""And?""And I feel bad she's the only one going alone.""I know," said Calla. "So do I. But this is your night; have fun, and make sure Lisa's okay too if you are worried, but seriously, Padma? It'll be alright."But as the week slipped onwards, Lisa's mood only seemed to sour; she threw a book at Daphne's head one night when her reading on Puffskeins was interrupted, though she swore it had been an accident. "How can throwing a book across a whole room be an accident?" Daphne muttered in response. "Bloody bitch."By the time the twenty-third came around, Calla was taking every opportunity she could get to be on her own, either to work something out or to simply have her thoughts to herself for a bit. Her work with Runes wasn't getting anywhere, not that she had fully expected it to, and February the twenty fourth was beginning to look a lot closer. But being alone was easier said than done - even in the cold, there always seemed to be someone outside, and she could hardly steal a moment's peace. One of her favourite spots was becoming a corner tucked away between a few of the exterior walls, which had a large sort of grate from which warm air drafted up. She supposed it must have been on top of the kitchens, though the map wasn't helping her.The map had been good for distracting her from the Tournament. With some recent letters from Remus and Sirius, she had started to try and magically detangle the enchantments on it, to see if she could somehow reproduce them. But they were exceedingly complex, so much so that she was surprised any student could have done it. It only confirmed what she knew about Remus and had always assumed about her father; they must have been pretty close to geniuses.But it was when she was sitting peaceably in her little corner, the map and some notes at one side held down by her heavy bag of textbooks, with her copy of Emma in her lap, looking out at the lake, that a sudden thought occurred to her. The lake would be freezing cold, wouldn't it, especially near the bottom? She'd need a Warming Draught for the Task, if she didn't want to go into shock the instant she got in the water - but then another thought seemed to leap into her head.She was annoyed she'd never thought of it before. They'd been learning all about antidotes, but Snape had mentioned in class that variations of antidotes could often act as effective counter-spells or preventative measures. So if a Potion could cause the effects of drowning someone, the antidote to the drowning poison or potion could be used to reverse the effects of drownin, while a counter-potion could be used to protect against the effects of drowning. She'd been looking in the wrong place the whole time; she needed antidotes and counter-spells and potions. She lunged in her bag for her Potions textbooks, but none of the ones she'd brought today were on antidotes.Hurriedly, she gathered all of her things together and stood up, rushing back into the castle and towards the library. Madam Pince glared as she hurried past towards the antidotes section, grabbing some books on antidotes to poisons, and then on counter potions, and then counter spells, and rushed to check them out before she ran back not to her little corner outside but to the greenhouse where Professor Sprout was already working alongside Neville, Zach, Hannah, and a group of older students.She flopped down at a seat opposite Zach and flipped quickly through the textbooks, scribbling down chapters to refer to later. "Found something then?" Zach teased, and she nodded quickly."Maybe not found, but I know where to look now, I think. Oh God, I should have thought of it ages ago, I've been so stupid-"There. Potion to Counter Drowning. Allows the taker to breathe underwater without drowning by converting water to oxygen upon inhalation, and to maintain regular bodily functions for up to two hours per dosage (of a half pint) while fully submerged. Should not be taken alongside antidotes to uncommon poisons.She grinned, eyes scanning the ingredients list hungrily. Seven knots of knotgrass, a pint of honeywater, a sprig of fluxweed, bulb of squill, powdered moonstone and common potions ingredient. She had some of those already, and honeywater she knew wasn't too hard to come by. She could do this, she thought to herself, heart soaring. Finally she had something she could actually do. "Yeah, she's definitely found it now," said Hannah, grinning at Calla."Yeah, yeah, I think I might've. Oh... Professor Sprout, you wouldn't happen to know where I could get knotgrass, would you?""There ought to be some in greenhouse two, dear.""Thank you. And a - a bulb of squill?"Professor Sprout stared at her. "A bulb of squill?""Yeah. I've never heard of it before.""Well, thankfully for you I have, but it is rather difficult to procure. You might want to write to the Apothecary in Hogsmeade. Tell them I've sent you to them and they'll give you a discount."Calla grinned. "Thank you, Professor. Seriously, thank you."The book said the potion would take approximately a day to mature once she'd made it, which wasn't too bad at all, and that it could keep for up to three months if stored in sealed vials, which she had. She resolved to start work on it after Christmas Day, and wrote out a letter to the apothecary in Hogsmeade as Professor Sprout had asked, requesting their price.Zach walked her back from the greenhouse towards dinner. "So, about the ball..." he started, and her heart picked up."Yeah?" Calla asked, trying to sound nonchalant."What time should we meet? Eight, or just before, or just after? And I can come to Ravenclaw Tower to meet you if you'd like, or we can meet in the Entrance Hall, I don't really mind."He looked like he was blushing, which only made Calla blush more, too. She also wanted to squeal in excitement, but kept her voice as calm as she could as she replied, "Daphne and Padma are meeting Theo and Harry in the Entrance Hall, so I suppose I'd meet you there too, if that's alright.""Good." Zach smiled at her a moment and she didn't really know what to do. Then he nodded briskly as they reached the Great Hall. "Well, I'll see you on Christmas Day, then," he said, and hurried to the Hufflepuff table where Ernie and Justin were hailing him, leaving Calla to try and not explode with excitement as she half-skipped towards the Ravenclaw Table."Someone's happy," Daphne noted with a smirk. "Anything to do with Zacharias Smith?""As a matter of fact, yes." Calla grinned, helping herself to pasta. "Very much so. And... I may have just figured out how I'm going to do the Second Task."Padma seemed to almost choke as she hurried to get her food down and ask, "How?"She grinned and lowered her voice to tell them her plan. When she'd finished explaining, they both exchanged looks. "Where are you going to brew a Potion?" Padma asked her."That's a very good question." Calla pursed her lips. "I guess I could ask Snape-""That'll go well-""Or maybe Sprout might have room somewhere. All I really need to have is space, I can get everything else myself. And I think I need someone to vouch for the fact that I made it myself but otherwise I'm good.""Well, good luck to you," Daphne said, "if you're going to try and ask Snape. I don't think he's been in a good mood all year.""I don't think he's been in a good mood ever," Padma said, and Calla grinned as she tucked into her dinner.Christmas Eve seemed to go by in a blur, and having gone to sleep early at night, Calla was the first in their dormitory to wake. For once, it was full of people, and, to her delight, of presents. Moony seemed to wake the moment she did, swooping through the window and hooting loudly as he deposited two letters and brown-wrapped presents onto her bed, along with a copper two pence piece that Calla was sure was from the Dursleys."Will your bloody owl shut up!" Lisa yelled across the dormitory, promptly waking up everyone else who hadn't been woken by Moony.With a huff, Calla said, "It's Christmas, Lisa," and picked up the two pence coin. "Here, Daphne, you'll like this."She tossed the coin over to her and Daphne grinned as she caught it. "It's got your queen on it!" she cried. "Thanks, Calla!""That's not what I got you," she laughed, shoving her covers off. "Here." She handed over the package on the top of the pile of gifts to give by her bed, wrapped in silver paper for Daphne. There were two scarves inside; one thick, grey and purple scarf, and one thin silvery one. Daphne seemed pleased with it, and urged Calla quickly to get on with opening her own presents.She had a good haul this year: a new sketchbook and a load of sugar quills from Harry, a book about the elemental of Transfiguration from Hermione, chocolate frogs from Ron, an elegant silver comb from Daphne, and a pink lipgloss from Padma. The last things she opened were the letter and boxes Moony had brought, one from Remus and the other from Sirius.To Calla, read Remus' handwriting,Merry Christmas! I hope this reaches you on time, I was just about to get a post owl before Moony swooped in with your last letter. I'm so glad you've figured out a way to handle the Second Task, but do make sure you have a back up plan just in case. You can never be too prepared. We can talk more about the Second Task later though: it is Christmas, after all. So enjoy your day and your night, and be sure to write us to say how it went.Merry Christmas again,Remus and SiriusShe smiled as she set the letter down, taking the two boxes. She opened the larger of the two first. Under the packaging was a small stack of books, but on top was a slim black box. Frowning, Calla prised it open, to see a silver necklace resting on blue velvet. There were small, pale amethyst-like jewels inlaid in it. She gasped, holding her hand to her mouth. There was a note with it: We thought you ought to have some nice jewellery for the ball tonight. These should go nicely with your dress. She frowned, and then opened the other, smaller box. It had the same blue velvet, but instead of a necklace it was a pair of earrings, silver with tiny, glittering amethyst studs and small silver beads that dropped down an inch or so from the stud."Those are gorgeous," Padma said, peering over her shoulder. "Did Remus and Sirius get them for you?""Sirius Black?" Lisa asked sharply, and pulled a face. Daphne threw a pillow in her direction, which bounced off of a pretty music box and flopped softly onto the floor."Yes," Calla said, still staring. She had a feeling that the jewellery in particular was from Sirius - he'd said he'd wanted to get her something to make up for not getting her anything last Christmas - but this was too much. She didn't know much about jewellery, but she could tell from the fanciness of the box and the fact that even Daphne was gasping over them that they had to be fancy. "It's for the ball."She placed the lids back on the two boxes and placed them gently and carefully by her side; Padma was holding Matilda, who was trying to scrabble at the jewellery, and Brianna the dragon was perched on Isobel's shoulder, looking over curiously. There were three books, which Calla was sure were Remus' input; one, 'Sense and Sensibility' she knew to be a Muggle book by Jane Austen, but the other two were both distinctly magical, one named 'The Animation of Ancient Arts' and the other 'Magical History in the Present'. They all looked interesting, and she couldn't wait to get started reading the Austen novel, but today was also Christmas Day, and the girls in the dormitory were already starting to chatter about the ball, with great excitement.She set the three books and the jewellery boxes aside for now, delighting in chatter with the rest of the girls. They spent most of the morning in the dormitory and then the boys' dormitory, and then in the Common Room, where the students were all enjoying their presents. Someone had gotten a very strange, purple slimy looking thing that warped and twisted itself as it floated through the room, terrorising a group of sixth year girls; Luna Lovegood was wearing a very odd pair of violet and canary yellow sunglasses, and was telling a bemused-looking Marietta Edgecombe about gernumblies."Who asked her to the ball, d'you think?" Lisa asked, sneering."She is pretty," Terry said, "and really nice.""Don't tell me you'd rather go with her, Terry," teased Isobel. Terry went very red."Well, no, but she is nice.""I heard it was Arran Tegan who asked her," said Anthony. "You know, the Hufflepuff?""He didn't," Lisa said. "I'm going with him. It was Mark Howell.""You're going with Arran Tegan?"Lisa regarded Michael, who had spoken, very coolly. "Yes, I am. He asked me.""You go, Lisa," Isobel murmured, and Calla tried not to giggle."Yeah, well, it'll be nice." She blushed. "I want to expand my circle."And then, the girls all headed back to the dormitory and suddenly Mandy had grabbed ahold of Lisa and was saying something very quickly and they were hugging each other. Sue joined in a second later, and the other four watched awkwardly, not knowing quite what was happening but hoping it was a good sign. Calla stared, and then smiled tensely at Daphne. "Sherbet lemon?"By the time they popped back out of the dormitory, the other three were all beaming, and the seven girls chatted happily as they made their way to the Great Hall for lunch."I heard the Weird Sisters are meant to be playing tonight," Mandy was telling them as they entered the Entrance Hall."Who're they?" Isobel asked, wrinkling her nose."How can you not know who the Weird Sisters are?" Lisa scoffed."Um, because I'm a muggleborn?" Isobel suggested, rolling her eyes. She pulled a face in Calla's direction, gesturing to Lisa. Calla grinned; some things didn't change, and weirdly she was glad about it at the moment."Cal!" At the sound of her brother's voice, Calla turned around, beaming. She waved for the other girls to go on into the Great Hall as she bounded up to Harry, who was coming down the stairs with Ron and Hermione. "Merry Christmas!""Merry Christmas!" she cried in response, hugging Harry tightly. "Thanks for the present!""You too!" Calla had gotten him a woolly red hat, a new, non-broken Sneakoscope, and a bag of sherbet lemons from Honeydukes. "What did you get from Sirius, he gave me this cool knife-""He gave you a knife!?" Calla asked, staring at him."It unlocks doors!""Right." Calla laughed. "He and Remus got me some jewellery, for the ball. It's really nice, a necklace and some earrings, I'll show you them tonight.""Oh, nice," Harry said. He didn't look very enthusiastic about the thought of a necklace and earrings, but Hermione smiled in her direction as they entered together. "Did Padma say when she's meeting me?""Eight," Calla said, "same as I'm meeting Zach and Daphne's meeting Theo.""You're still going with Zacharias Smith?" Ron asked, and Hermione stamped down on his feet. "Ow, 'Mione!" Then he turned to Calla again, narrowing his eyes. "Do you know who she's going with?""Hermione?" Calla grinned to herself, and caught Hermione's eye as she blushed. "You don't?""No! She won't tell us!""Well, he's a very lucky date," Calla said, grinning and waving as she left them to skip down to where her friends were already sitting at the Ravenclaw Table.Zach gave her a wide grin as she passed and her stomach tumbled, as she couldn't stop herself from beaming back at him, before spinning around to hop into a seat between Daphne and Padma. "You're very cheerful," Daphne said."Obviously," Calla replied. "It is Christmas!"They all ate their way through the turkeys and the multitude of puddings, and Calla was feeling quite stuffed by the time they got outside, all bundled up in scarves and jackets and woolly bobble-hats, to make snowmen. "Or snow women," Lisa corrected, more cheerful now than she had been in weeks.Isobel decided hers would be named MacBeth and Daphne's would be called Duncan, and no one seemed to get it except Calla and Terry, who both had a great time slyly re-enacting Duncan's murder. At half past four, the girls all traipsed back into the castle to get ready for the ball, and there was an awful lot of squabbling over who got to go in the bathroom first. It was five o'clock before Calla got in, and she was very grateful for how quickly the Hogwarts bathtubs filled up.She sat in her casual robes as she put some light makeup on and then let Daphne do the eyeshadow, because she was much better at it, and had a weird knack of making all the colours seem to shimmer on the lid. "It's magic," she'd grinned when Calla asked her, and returned to interrogating Isobel - who had just come into the room - about Shakespeare.Padma put Calla's hair up for her, pulling some of the front pieces of her hair around so only the back fell regularly, and Calla curled the rest of it herself with a useful charm she'd managed to pick up before they started getting into their dress robes. Calla was pleased that the dress robes she'd picked out seemed to suit her even better now. They seemed to almost glow silver, and when she turned, the sequins and beading caught the light spectacularly, looking like little stars. She smiled to herself, running her hands through her hair and then carefully putting on her earrings and clasping her necklace, which glimmered around her throat.She swallowed as she looked in the mirror. She thought she looked pretty, and blushed at the thought that maybe tonight Zach would think she looked pretty too. "What do you think?" she asked the other girls, who were all in various stages of dress. Sue's hair was still damp, and she was trying furiously to dry it with a spell."Stunning," said Isobel, kicking back onto her own bed, dressed in silky emerald green robes that went surprisingly well with her ginger curls. Padma was carefully weaving threads of silver through a pleat that fell down her back, and was already dressed in bright turquoise."Zach's going to love it," Padma told her with a grin."Well, I love it," Calla admitted to herself, and Daphne squealed, skipping over to her and squeezing her tightly in a hug."You're so pretty!" she cried. Calla thought she looked stunning, in her frilly powder blue robes that had silver dots and lines embroidered over them like constellations, which Calla thought couldn't have possibly suited anyone like they suited Daphne."So are you!" she told her, beaming excitedly. She looked around at them all, and her heart swelled. "Come on," she said, grabbing Daphne and Padma, "someone take photos.""Oh, use my camera!" Daphne said immediately, lunging for where it lay in her trunk. "I'm going to figure out how to animate them soon! There must be a way even if it isn't a magical camera, don't you think?""Okay," Calla said, "but keep one normal, it's going to a Muggle friend." When Calla had written to Mairi about their school's 'Christmas Dance' she had all but demanded that Calla send her pictures of her in her dress, and she was intendent on doing so.It was almost eight by the time they were ready - Isobel and Sue had tried to use some new experimental charm to dry Sue's hair quicker but it had instead set fire to Mandy's Arithmancy textbook - and hurried down the steps to the Ravenclaw Common Room. It was crowded with people, and they had to fight to try and see Terry and Anthony over everyone's heads. Michael had already gone to meet his date."There they are!" Isobel declared, and hurried through the crowd, holding onto Daphne who held Calla who held Padma who held Mandy who held Sue who held Lisa, and they formed a great human chain as they snaked through the crowd. "Terry!""Izzy!" Terry grinned as he turned around, looking at them all. "You guys look great!""Oi!" Isobel looked up at him teasingly."Sorry, Izzy," he said with a teasing grin, "especially you, you wonderful, gorgeous, stunning-""Okay, you can shut up now," Isobel laughed. "You better not actually fancy me."They made their way to the Entrance Hall as a group, Sue holding onto Anthony and Terry with Isobel, all keeping their eyes peeled for their dates. Zach and Arran Tegan would probably be arriving together, but Calla was trying to look for Harry too; Ron and Parvati would of course already have met."There's Theo. I'll see you in there." Daphne beamed, hurrying over to where he had just arrived with Blaise Zabini and Astoria."Bye, then," Padma muttered, rolling her eyes."There's Ernie," Terry told Calla, frowning. "Zacharias must be just behind him."She craned her neck to try and look, but her nerves mounted when she couldn't catch sight of Zach. He was coming, wasn't he? Of course he was, said the rational side of her. He had to. And he would have told her, but she could see Ernie and Justin and Susan and Hannah already there, and Arran Tegan was coming over to Lisa and complimenting her and leading her inside - she was practically glowing - and she still couldn't see Zach. "He's not late," Padma said, "not really. He'll be here in a second, stop panicking."But Calla was still nervous right up until Zach appeared, in pale grey dress robes with deep midnight blue cuffs. He was smiling perfectly as he came up to her and took her hand, making Calla blush profusely. "You look gorgeous," he told her, which did absolutely nothing to stop the blushing.She struggled to find words to say, not knowing what she even should say, and said, "Thanks. You... You look great... Too."Zach chuckled. "Well, thank you. Padma, Isobel. Terry."He nodded at each of them in turn and Padma grinned at Calla in the second that Zach was turned to Terry. She blushed even more then, but suitably distracted Padma by pointing out Harry, coming down the staircase with Ron and Parvati. Parvati didn't look particularly impressed - Padma had already told Calla that Parvati would have rather gone with Harry than Ron - but Padma was grinning as they met with Harry.Harry said, "Hi," but when Calla gave him a firm look he added, "You look really nice.""Thanks," Padma said, shrugging. "So do you. Green actually suits you quite well."Just then, the great oak doors to the hall were flung open, and the Durmstrang students were all led inside together by Karkaroff. Krum stood at the front, with Hermione, who Calla thought looked completely stunning. She gave her a little wave as she passed, and felt herself grin even wider when she saw Hermione was blushing, especially as everyone was looking at her. It was sweet."Champions over here, please!" McGonagall's voice called over the crowd, and Calla and Padma bid Isobel and Terry a quick goodbye as they and Harry and Zach hurried over to where McGonagall was standing, dressed in very interesting tartan dress robes."Wait out here," she told them. "You'll enter in a procession once the other students are all seated."Fleur caught Calla's eye and smiled her gorgeous smile as she led Roger Davies closer to the door; Cho was beaming as she chatted to Cedric near them, and then Calla caught Hermione's eye and sidled nearer to her, grinning. "Where are you..." Harry started, going to follow Calla and Padma, and his eyes fell on Hermione and Calla was sure his jaw dropped. Zach's certainly did - which made Calla frown a little, though she was sure if she hadn't known Hermione was going with Krum she would have too. She did look completely gorgeous, after all.Hermione was dressed in floaty periwinkle blue robes, and had styled her hair sleekly over her shoulder. She seemed to be holding herself higher, too, Calla noticed with a smile. She seemed more confident."Hi, Calla!" she said enthusiastically to Calla, beaming. "Hi, Padma! Hi, Harry, and Zach!"Of the two boys, Zach seemed to recover first, and was happy to chat with Calla, Padma, Hermione and Harry. Krum didn't seem much of the chatting type, Calla noticed, but she also noticed how even despite everyone else going past, including half his fan club, he only had eyes for Hermione. It was rather sweet.They had to linger for a few moments before the oak doors were flung open again by McGonagall. Light music started up as McGonagall instructed them to get in lines with their partners, and Calla shuffled with Zach to stand between Padma and Hermione. She bit her lip nervously, and went forward to enter, to the applause of the other students who were sat inside. They were being led through the Great Hall to a very large, round table where the Triwizard judges were already seated, and Calla found herself staring around at the hall.The walls were covered in something like silver frost, which sparkled despite the dark ceiling, while mistletoe and ivy had been hung across the ceiling. In place of the usual house tables were around a hundred other, smaller ones, lit by lanterns. Calla spotted Isobel, Terry, Mandy and Anthony sitting at one together, and then Daphne, Theodore, Astoria and Zabini at another. Daphne beamed as Calla passed, waving.She could feel a lot of people looking at her, and rather than being intimidating she found it was a nice feeling. By the time they reached the large table at the top, she was beaming, Zach's hand soft and warm in hers. Dumbledore smiled around at them all as they went to sit down, Harry and Padma ending unfortunately next to Percy Weasley, who Calla could tell was going to start boring them within two minutes. Calla instead chose to sit by Hermione and Krum, with Zach on her other side. "It looks lovely, doesn't it?" Hermione whispered to her, looking thrilled by the hall. "They've outdone themselves, even for Hogwarts.""I know," Calla whispered back, grinning. "It looks...""Magical," Hermione said with a smile, and Calla giggled."Yeah. It does, doesn't it?""What is Durmstrang like, Viktor?" Hermione asked Krum as she turned to him. "Do you do much for Christmas?"Krum started talking very quickly to her, and Calla smiled at the sight. She caught Zach's eye and blushed, but didn't know anything else to say to him. She listened absently to Percy Weasley talking about Mr Crouch and Rita Skeeter, who had been buzzing around, and then her eyes darted to Dumbledore as he said loudly, "Pork chops!" and a meal appeared on his plate."I suppose that answers how we're meant to eat," Zach said, looking at the menu that sat between them. "I rather fancy steak pie, don't you?"Calla shrugged; she didn't know what to have, the menu was so long. She wondered how long it had taken the house elves to prepare, and how they knew how much to make for all of the students. But she said loudly to her plate, "Chicken pie!" and it appeared before her on her plate. She grinned, exchanging a look with Zach, and then started to eat as delicately and elegantly as she could, not aware only of Zach's attentions but also of the fact that spilling anything on these dress robes would be a very, very bad idea. Zach didn't seem to be saying much, though. Calla contented herself to listening into other people's conversations, distracting from the awkwardness; why was it now suddenly so difficult to think of anything to say to him, when she had never had a problem with it before? It was ridiculous, she told herself, listening to Dumbledore talk about a room full of chamber pots.When everyone had finished their meal, Dumbledore stood to ask the students to all rise. He waved his wand to make the tables lining the hall fly back against the walls to leave a wide space open in the middle of the Great Hall to act as a dance floor; a band, who Zach introduced to Calla as the Weird Sisters everyone had been talking about, went to take to a high risen platform against a right wall. Calla, realising that Roger Davies had just taken Fleur's hand and Krum taken Hermione's, took Zach's hand as well. "I should probably say," she said awkwardly, "I'm not a great dancer.""That's quite alright," Zach said, grinning down at her in a way that made her stomach flip. "I am."She giggled, set a little more at ease as he led her down onto the dance floor, her silver dress robes swirling gently around her ankles. She caught Daphne's eyes and flushed as she set her hand in Zach's and the other to rest on his shoulder. His free hand rested gently on her waist and her stomach did a somersault as she smiled at him, trying very hard not to show how flustered she was. The band struck up a slow tune, as Zach moved them gently to the left. She followed his lead, stepping gently to the side and turning under his arm every so often. She supposed this must be a waltz.Catching Zach's gentle eyes, she found herself smiling again as they turned and turned and turned. He ran his thumb over her knuckles gently and she shivered, moving closer with a fluttering stomach. She didn't really know what to do from here - should she kiss him, could she kiss him, would she have the courage to kiss him? She settled for just looking at him, eyes falling to his lips every so often. But it seemed he didn't know quite what to do either, which in some ways was actually a relief. Neither of them were speaking due to nerves, which made it a lot more awkward, but Calla tried not to focus on that.Gradually, the dance floor started to fill up with other couples; Daphne was looking very elegant with Theodore Nott, Isobel and Terry were giggling in a mess of arms and legs as they tried to dance, Lisa was holding Arran Tegan very tightly, and Padma caught Calla's eyes over Harry shoulder and mouthed, "He's a rubbish dancer."Calla giggled, mouthing back, "At least he's dancing," and jerked her head over to Ron and Parvati, who both looked to be sulking for very different reasons.Harry seemed to drag Padma off the dancefloor when the slow song ended, but Calla and Zach remained, dancing to the more upbeat tune. Calla had no idea what it was, but it was actually a lot more fun, bouncing and swinging around as Zach spun her, and eventually met up with Isobel and Terry, who were giggling as they all danced exuberantly. It wasn't long before Padma reappeared at Calla's side and Parvati wound up dancing with one of the Beauxbatons boys. "Harry didn't want to dance," she told Calla. "He's too busy sulking over Cho and Cedric.""I can imagine," Calla half-yelled over the music. "What about Ron?""Sulking over Hermione and Krum," Padma said in her ear. "But who he's jealous of, I'm not totally sure."Calla giggled, as Zach spun her again and she tipped her head back, gazing up at the starry ceiling. They danced for ages until Calla felt a headache coming on and took Zach's hand. "I need a break," she told him, and went to head over to Harry and Ron; but when she saw Percy Weasley head over to them she turned swiftly in the other direction. "Let's get some air, I feel... a little ill."Her head was pounding, from heat and dehydration, she wasn't sure. She could feel the same dizziness she often did when she had a vision coming on, but she was determined not to let it, not tonight. Her visions just couldn't be considerate of her trying to have a nice night, could they? She pulled Zach outside as quickly as she could, embracing the cold night air and hurrying down a path lined with rose bushes and marble benches.Her head was spinning as she slumped down onto one of the benches, tilting her head up towards the cool air that tingled along her arms. A beetle crawled lazily by her shoulder. She closed her eyes, head still pounding harshly. "You didn't have anything funny to drink, did you?" Zach asked her concernedly, sitting down by her side."No," she said dazedly, as thoughts and images flickered through her mind. "No, I didn't drink anything." There was a hand clawing its way out of the ground, skeletal and feeble, yet it flexed its fingers and felt like it was strangling her."Right. Good." Zach put his arm around her awkwardly, and then retracted it. "It's cold out here, isn't it?""It's nice," she said, opening her eyes just enough to see the moon. She smiled at it, that brightness among the dark sky. A reminder that some things, at least, stayed the same."You must be cold," Zach said, and a moment later he had shrugged off one of his outer layers and draped it over her shoulders. She looked up at him, head tilted, seeing the moonlight shine in his pretty brown eyes."Thanks," she said, and then winced as she felt her scar prickle. She squeezed her eyes shut, and tilted her head back again, hearing a rush of blood through her head. There was something coming for her, out of the woods. A shadow, arms outstretched, covered in blood, both dried and fresh, and from it grew a green light, ever brighter. There was a cold, harsh laugh and a shiver rushed through her, her heart hammering, and she pushed the vision out, sitting up abruptly. Zach jerked away, looking surprised, and she realised with a start how close they'd been. Her breath shook. "Sorry. My head just...""I can get you water," Zach said quickly, looking worried. "And we should probably go inside, you'll catch a cold and you don't seem well anyway...""I'm not unwell," she told him quietly, and held his hand to tug him back down to sit by her. "I... It's just a thing." Calla sighed, wincing at the pain behind her eyes. The words to tell him what was wrong were on the tip of her tongue. Why was it so difficult? Why had it been so difficult to talk to him all night? Was she just embarrassed? Was she just too awkward? Conversation just hadn't flowed as smoothly as usual, but she didn't know how to make it better."What thing?" Zach asked her, frowning in concern.She swallowed. "It doesn't matter." The pain dulled a little. "It's subsiding now anyway.""You look kind of pale," Zach told her, and red light flashed suddenly across her vision. She winced, squeezing her eyes shut. "Calla?" She shook her head."Just give me a minute.""You're kind of freaking me out here.""It's fine," she muttered through clenched teeth, finally opening her eyes as her head lightened."What - what just happened? You went super pale.""Promise - promise you won't tell anyone."He frowned. "Promise? Calla, what-""You know I like Divination?""What? What does Divination have to do with it?""I sort of..." She couldn't believe she was doing this. She also couldn't believe it felt so difficult. "I have these sort of, visions."Zach stared at her, looking rather disbelieving. "Visions?""Yeah. Like... I see what's going to happen in the future. It's not always definite and it can be - can be open for interpretation it doesn't always come true like I think it will but - but I see it."He looked at her blankly for a long moment. "Right," he said slowly. "I... That's not how I thought Seeing worked...""It is for me," she told him, determined to be cheerful about it. Because it was a pretty wonderful thing when all she saw wasn't her imminent death. "It started middle of first year, and it's been happening ever since. Trelawney's been teaching me since about the middle of second year, helping me, it's where I go on Monday nights.""Seeing?" Zach said, frowning even further. "You just... go to See stuff.""Well, yes, sort of. It's basically just another Divination class, but one to one, and because I've got the Sight she's a lot more helpful. And it helps, because... Well, I guess I sort of channel it? Some things I See, and some things I can know now, though I'm nowhere near as good as Trelawney. But I - I can tell you you're going to have to fix your Potions essay or Snape's going to fail you again.""That's kind of a given," Zach said, laughing nervously."And that Wayne Hopkins is going to be very late getting back to your dormitory tonight. He'll get lost on the seventh floor."This seemed to render Zach rather speechless, and she smiled a little in amusement at his reaction. "You're joking," he said finally, and she shook her head."No," she told him, and nervously - though she tried very hard not to show it - she placed one hand on top of his. "I'm not. I saw Dumbledore announcing the Tournament before it happened. And sometimes I, like, I know things. Or I have a feeling, like I had a feeling Ireland would win the cup, and they did.""That's just luck," Zach said, shaking his head, and her smile fell a little. "Everyone knew Ireland would win.""But I... I felt it, Zach. And last year I saw Pettigrew, I saw Buckbeak the hippogriff's execution, or what I thought was his execution, and the Dementors... I saw all of it. And now I can - it wants me to See more. It's pushing on my head and it hurts sometimes like it did then, like it does now and-""We should get inside," Zach told her gently. She stared at him. "You're tired."Something heavy took a tumble through her stomach and she swallowed. "You don't believe me?""It's been a long day-""You don't!" She stood up abruptly, heart pounding. The cloak Zach had put around her shoulders fell to the ground in a heap around her feet. "Do you?"He stood up, trying to take her hand back but she snatched it away, shaking slightly. "What, do you think I'm lying?""No!" He took her hands quickly as she made to stumble back. "No, Calla, of course I know you're not lying. But I know you're scared of all of this and I know you've not exactly had an easy time of it, but you have to stop worrying so much, alright? You're just having nightmares, my mum used to have them all the time and it's natural after the last few years. Headaches are normal too, you're probably just tired and imagining things, but hallucinating-""They're not hallucinations," she said, wrenching her hands away, feeling tears sprout behind her eyes. "And they're not nightmares. This is - you don't believe me!" Her scar burned again, hot from her emotions and she screwed up her face angrily. The others had believed her so why couldn't Zach, when he saw it happening right in front of him? He couldn't take her word for it? She knew what was happening to her far better than he did."We should get inside," Zach said gently. He sounded almost patronising to Calla, and she hated being patronised. "Your hands are freezing, too, come on...""I'm fine," she said, lying, but she didn't think he'd take the opposite as a truth either. Calla stumbled back, feeling her whole chest shake as she withdrew into the shadows and turned to walk away as quick as she could. He didn't believe her! She'd - she'd - she fought back a pathetic sob. She'd thought he'd understand it. Understand her. She knew not everyone believed in Divination, let alone the sort of Seeing she usually did, but she'd have thought Zach, at least, would. Zach's footsteps followed her, and he called her name but she didn't answer, marching into the Entrance Hall, aware of the many stares she was getting as her lip trembled and her eyes burned with tears. This night had gone so horribly wrong. Malfoy and Parkinson were stood by the doors, some sixth year girls giggling together, a couple breaking up their kissing momentarily to stare at her."Calla!" Zach panted, catching up to her. "I do believe you! Seriously, look, I'm just worried. You should get some sleep.""I don't need sleep," she cried, head throbbing. "I - I needed you to listen!""I am listening," he said in a low voice, taking her hand again and leaning closer to whisper amid the eager eared crowd. "But you need to listen to me, too. This Seeing stuff is dangerous, if it is real. And having visions isn't normal, Calla." Her skin prickled. "It's strange and - and it doesn't happen to... Normal witches. You should speak to Dumbledore.""I've been speaking to Dumbledore for two years," she whispered furiously, "and he's been no help whatsoever!""Okay!" He held up his hands almost warily. "I'm just saying... Something might be...""Wrong?" She held his gaze as defiantly as she could given the fact she did feel so exhausted, and heavy, and also like she might shatter in a second. "Something is wrong, Zach. I know that. I know what this is doing, to me, and I know it's not normal, but there's - there's nothing I can do!" She felt like she was going to be sick, or faint, or both. Her hands shook. "Please just... If you don't believe me...""Cal?" Harry's voice said from behind her. She whipped around quickly, hastily trying to dry her eyes. His eyes were focused warily just over her shoulder where Zach was still standing, and Ron stood by him, looking awkward. "What's wrong?""Nothing," she said quickly. "I'm fine." He took a step closer, eyes flickering with worry to her and then to Zach with a sort of wary anger. "Just... Tired.""You were arguing," he said to her quietly, and she shook her head."Yeah. Yeah, it's - it's fine.""It doesn't like fine. You're... crying.""Look," Zach said, "I think I'm going to head back in...""What did you say to her?" Harry asked him angrily."Leave it," Calla said, shaking her head. "It's fine, Harry.""Calla, you're-""Harry." She gave him a hard look. "Please."He clenched his jaw, but nodded anyway, taking her arm as Zach hurried into the Great Hall. He glared after him until he disappeared. "What happened?" he asked lowly to Calla a moment later, guiding her in."We just... Talked. My head hurt and I knew I was having a vision so I wanted to get away and outside and then... I tried explaining it and... He doesn't believe me, Harry." She felt like crying again, and felt awful that she was sure she was ruining all Daphne's makeup work. "I think he thinks I'm weird.""Well, I think he's an idiot."She laughed forcedly. "Great."There was a long pause before Harry said defiantly, "There's nothing wrong with you, Calla.""Thanks," she told him drily."I mean it. I know you're worried about it even if you try to play it off all cheerful, but it doesn't make you weird or anything. I think it's pretty cool, and if Zacharias Smith doesn't see that, or if he doesn't believe you, then he is an idiot."She laughed half heartedly, swallowing the lump in her throat. "Are you trying to give me a pep talk, Harry?""I guess?" He threw up his hands. "I'm just saying.""Yeah." She swallowed the words that Zach wasn't the only one who thought it was weird and who didn't believe her, who wrote Divination off as fraud and nonsense. "Well, thanks." She shook her head, sniffing. "I think I am just going to go up to bed. I'm tired."Her brother looked at her for a long moment. "We were just going to have some air, get away from Percy. I don't know where Daphne and Padma are, but you should come outside.""I just was outside," she muttered, but she followed the two of them out back into the cold. She didn't want very many people to see her right now, considering she was pretty sure she had mascara on her chin. The night air at least didn't feel quite as cold, perhaps only because she had acclimatised, or maybe crying had warmed her up a little.They passed the bench Calla had just been on, and she felt her cheeks flush hot, but she didn't get much further before they heard Snape's familiar voice. Calla frowned, exchanging a glance with the two boys. "...I don't see what there is to fuss about, Igor.""Severus, you cannot pretend this isn't happening!" That was Karkaroff's voice; it sounded anxious, and he certainly did not sound like he wanted to be overheard. Calla tried to shuffle awkwardly away, but the two boys were distracted and wrapped up in eavesdropping now. "It's been getting clearer and clearer for months, I am becoming seriously concerned, I can't deny it-""Then flee," Snape told him in a curt voice. "Flee, I will make your excuses. I, however, am remaining at Hogwarts."Calla's mind span. What was getting clearer - some sort of sign? Did... She scrambled in her mind. Remus had said something about Karkaroff's ties to Voldemort, hadn't he? Was he seeing the signs, too?Before she had a chance to contemplate further, the two men came around the corner, Snape with his wand out as he blasted rose bushes apart. He did not look pleased at all. People squealed as they ran out of the bushes, Sarah Fawcett being one of them."Ten points from Hufflepuff, Fawcett!" Snape snarled as she darted past, followed shortly by her date. "And ten points from Ravenclaw, too, Stebbins! And what are you three doing?"Snape was glowering at them now. Calla flushed and wiped hastily at her under-eyes, which she was sure were coated in messied mascara. "We're walking," Ron said shortly. "Not against the law, is it?""Keep walking then!" Snape snarled, then brushed past them. His long cloak billowed furiously behind him, and Karkaroff hurried after him, looking nervous."What's got Karkaroff all worried, d'you think?" Ron asked in a mutter once they were out of earshot."And since when have he and Snape been on first name basis?""What do you think was getting clearer?" Calla wondered aloud. "Do you think-"She was cut off by another familiar voice coming from somewhere behind the statue of a reindeer, and two large, dark shapes silhouetted against a stone bench. "Momen' I saw yeh, I knew," said Hagrid's voice. It was oddly husky.Calla felt her face flush again - would it ever stop doing that? - and tried to signal to the boys to hurry away unnoticed, but Ron caught sight of Fleur Delacour and his eyes widened in horror. he shook his head, tugging Harry deeper into the shadows, and Calla followed anxiously, praying they wouldn't be caught, or wouldn't overhear something they really didn't want to overhear."What did you know, 'Agrid?" Madam Maxime seemed to purr. Calla distracted herself by following a beetle on its journey along the reindeer's back, wondering why there were so many beetles around here all of a sudden."I jus' knew... Knew yeh were like me... was it yer mother or yer father?""I - I don't know what you mean, 'Agrid""It was my mother," said Hagrid quietly. "She was one o' the last ones in Britain." This hadn't gone how Calla had thought it was going to go. She was very confused. "Course, I can' remember her too well... she left, see. When I was abou' three. She wasn' really the maternal sort. Well... it's not in their natures, is it? Dunno what happened to her... might be dead fer all I know." Madam Maxime said nothing. "My dad was broken-hearted when she wen'. Tiny little bloke, my dad was. By the time I was six I could lift him up and put him on top o' the dresser if he annoyed me. Used ter make him laugh." Hagrid's deep voice broke for a moment, and Calla winced in sympathy. Hagrid had never spoken about his childhood, but she did know that his father had died when he was young. "Dad raised me.. but he died, o' course, jus' after I started school. Sorta had ter make me own way after that. Dumbledore was a real help, mind. Very king ter me, he was." He blew his nose very heavily. "So... anyway... enough abou' me. What about you? What side you got it on?""It is chilly," Madam Maxime said coldly, sounding like she was getting to her feet. Calla glanced up to watch, confused."Eh?" Hagrid said blankly. "No, don' go! I've - I've never met another one before!""Anuzzer what, precisely?" Madam Maxime's voice was downright icy now. She wanted to warn Hagrid to stop talking now."Another half giant, o' course!"Calla blinked. Oh. That explained... rather a lot, actually."Ow dare you!" Madam Maxime shrieked before Calla could whisper anything to Harry or Ron. "I 'ave nevair been more insulted in my life! 'Alf giant? Moi? I 'ave - I 'ave big bones!"She stormed away past their rose bush, and fairies fluttered up into the air as she went. Hagrid sat on the bench for a moment later, and Calla wished she could go and hug him, but knew he wouldn't appreciate her having overheard all of that. He soon stood up and strode away in the direction of his cabin, shoulders hunched rather sadly."C'mon," Harry said, very quietly. Calla was already getting to her feet. "Let's go..."But Ron stayed sitting there, crouched, shocked. "What?" Calla asked.Ron glanced between them, looking very serious. "Did you know?" he whispered. "About Hagrid being half giant?""No," Harry said with a shrug. "So what?"Ron looked at him like he was mad; he turned his gaze to Calla and she just shrugged. "I didn't know. What's wrong with it?""I'll explain inside," Ron said quietly. "Come on..."She followed the boys back into the castle, going to hear what Ron had to tell her about giants. She could spot Daphne, Theodore and Padma sitting with Parvati and a cluster of Beauxbatons boys, and made to go over to them, but Ron was dragging her away to a table further from the dance floor. "So?" Harry asked him. "What's the deal with giants?""Well, they're... they're... They're not very nice."Calla looked at him. "Right""Who cares?" Harry said. "There's nothing wrong with Hagrid!""I know there isn't, but... blimey, no wonder he keeps it quiet." Ron shook his head. "I always thought he'd just got in the way of a bad Engorgement Charm when he was a kid or something. Didn't like to mention it...""But what's it matter if his mum's a giantess?""Well... no one who knows him will care, 'cause they'll know he's not dangerous," Ron said slowly. "But, Harry, Calla... they're just vicious, giants.""Like werewolves are?" Calla asked him coolly, and Ron blinked."That's... different. Most of them are." Calla rolled her eyes. "Well, they are. Giants are just... it's in their natures.""Is it now?""You heard what Hagrid said. Not exactly loving things... they just like killing. There aren't any left in Britain now, though.""What happened to them?" Harry asked."Well, they were dying out anyway, and then loads got killed by Aurors.""They killed them?""They were killing loads of people," Ron said. "They're hardly innocent. It was... well, it was us or them. There are some abroad, though... but they hide out in mountains mostly.""Calla," Daphne's voice called, cutting through their conversation. She and Padma both appeared before her, and Daphne had extended her hand to her. "What happened? Hannah said you and Zach had an argument. I'll kill that boy, come on, I'll fix your mascara for you..." Before she knew it she was being tugged over to where Padma sat, as Daphne took out tissues and potions and her little Muggle mascara."I'm fine, Daphne," she said quietly, but then she could sight of Zach talking to Susan and Ernie as if nothing had happened and her stomach swam. Her eyes suddenly stung again."Eyes open, chin up," Daphne ordered, and Calla tried very hard to stop herself from crying as Daphne put on the mascara, wiping the remnants of her tears away gently. "Now, I don't know what he said, but he's an idiot." She ruffled Calla's hair a little, pushing it behind her ears and over her shoulders, before she sat down next to her on the long plush couch. Calla tucked her knees up, glancing around, as Padma shuffled closer to her other side. Daphne's arm wrapped comfortingly around Calla's shoulder and she leaned into it, grateful for the warmth."Do you want to stay?" Padma whispered quietly in her ear. "Or should we go up to the dorm? It'll just be us three, if you want to talk."She looked around nervously, caught sight of Hermione beaming as she danced with Viktor, and smiled faintly, shaking her head. "It's alright. I'll stay a while longer with you guys." She didn't want to talk about it. Besides, she was warm here, with her friends around her. When had tonight gone so wrong? It was her fault, she told herself, for getting annoyed with him, for telling him at the wrong time, for letting her stupid visions get the better of her stupid self.She felt another fresh bout of tears as Padma whispered, "If you're sure," and she nodded, looking up and leaning into Daphne's hair. She swallowed tightly. It was fine. She was fine. She was just overreacting because she was upset. But she still felt rotten. She shouldn't have let herself get upset, but she had. She sighed quietly, watching as the rest of the students laughed and chatted and danced. It was a nice night, but she was tired now. Calla tried to smile, watching her friends. It was fine. She was fine. Just for the rest of the night, she was determined to ignore everything else and just be happy.Eventually, Terry and Isobel came over to join them, Isobel looking flushed. "She just snogged Ryan Pritchard," Terry said, looking thoroughly disgusted by the thought."Jealous, are we?" Daphne asked him laughing."Oh, no, you should have seen the looks he was giving Rachel Harris." Isobel cackled."Shut up," Terry muttered, going red as he sat down next to Padma. "What's wrong, Calla?""Nothing," she muttered in reply, cheeks burning again."Zacharias Smith is a prick," Daphne said, giving Terry a significant look."What'd he do?""Nothing. I just over-reacted, I think." Calla sighed, leaning her head on Padma's shoulder."D'you want me to fight him?" Isobel asked."I think I'm good, Izzy.""I'd do it."She snorted. "I know you would." They lapsed into silence for a moment, staring at the swirl of other students before them, before Daphne broke it."I want to dance," Daphne said, getting to her feet. "Or find Theo, he's disappeared." With a grin, she hauled Padma and Calla to their feet."Daphne, I'd really rather just stay sitting.""Why?" Daphne asked, eyebrows raised. "So you can keep feeling bad for yourself? Dancing'll make you feel a lot better than keeping thinking about it all night, come on."Calla groaned, but when the lively music started and they were all pulled into the sea of people, she couldn't deny that she was enjoying herself. Daphne was the only one who was really a good dancer - Isobel seemed to throw herself around more than anything else, Terry did what Calla had only heard described as 'dad dancing' and she and Padma both just tried to keep up with them while also keeping straight faces - but in the middle of her friends she felt strangely a lot more at ease than she had earlier. Eventually she managed to convince Harry and Ron to join them, though the latter gave Viktor Krum a dirty look every time he caught sight of him."You're an even worse dancer than Terry," Calla told her brother as he stiffly tried to turn her under his arm and instead sent her flying into Seamus Finnigan's back.Both boys made near identical faces of offence, which only had Calla laughing harder. "See," Daphne whispered to her, "who needs Zacharias Smith?"She wasn't pleased to have a reminder and momentarily, her smile faltered, until Fred and George appeared with their dates, dancing terribly on purpose, and even managed to cheer Ron up.It was near midnight when the ball started to wind down. Padma and Isobel had both taken their shoes off, and were carrying them by the straps. Terry, having tired himself out with dancing, was all but asleep on Calla's shoulder - which Harry didn't seem to approve of - and their group went tiredly out of the hall. Yawning, Calla tried to look around for any sign of Hermione, who she'd barely spoken to all night, but it seemed Ron had beaten her to it."Oh, God," Calla muttered to Padma, upon seeing the way Hermione's smile faltered and disappeared when Ron started yelling at her. "Hang on. Terry - Terry, please get off my shoulder, I have to speak to Hermione."Terry stirred, blinking wearily, and Isobel yanked him away as Calla hurried back down the stairs. "Hermione!" she called out cheerfully, cutting Ron off. Both turned around, faces flushed. "You look gorgeous, I barely got to tell you!" She gave Ron a meaningful look to shove off and wrapped her arms around Hermione's shoulders. "I'm so sorry about him," she whispered.A sob warbled its way out of Hermione's throat. "He - he has to ruin - everything! He sulked all night because I went with Viktor, and he only asked me as a last resort! You know what he said when he asked?" Calla pulled a sympathetic face in anticipation. Padma and Daphne had now joined them, shaking their heads. "He said, oh, Hermione, you're a girl! Like he didn't notice!""Oh," Daphne said, frowning."And he just - if he wanted to go with me, why didn't he ask me first? He's no right to have a go at me!""He's being stupid," Padma said, "and you know why? He's jealous. Because you're amazing, and he knows he messed up." Hermione smiled through a watery sob."I'd be jealous," Daphne said, "you came here with the hottest guy in Durmstrang. An international standard Quidditch player!""Yeah." Hermione sniffled and Calla hugged her tightly."Don't worry about Ron," she said. "You had a great night with Krum, didn't you?"Hermione nodded, grinning. "It was really nice. He - he's actually really funny and a good dancer and..." She trailed off, blushing an interesting shade of red."Kisser?" Daphne prompted, and Hermione laughed, wiping her eyes."Yeah," she said smally, and Calla and Daphne both squealed."See! Really not such a bad night all round.""Suppose so." Hermione smiled shakily and then unexpectedly pulled all three girls in for crushing hugs. "Thank you. I'm sorry I didn't get to dance with you guys tonight.""Considering you were snogging Viktor Krum, I don't really think we can blame you."Hermione giggled, drawing back. "Thank you again. I should get back to the common room." She looked around and her face fell. "The boys have gone.""We'll walk you back," Padma said quickly, taking Hermione's arm.They were halfway up the stairs when Calla was again distracted - this time by Hannah calling her name. Cursing silently, Calla nodded for the girls to go on, and braced herself as she turned around to see Hannah and Susan pulling Zach behind them. He looked rather sheepish. "Hi.""Hi," she said back, folding her arms, then unfolding them, and folding them again."Look," Zach said, glancing between Hannah and Susan, who both nodded firmly at him. "I just wanted to say I'm sorry we argued.""Right." She took in a deep breath. "Well, if that's all-""I really wanted this to be a great night," he told her. "I know it hasn't gone to plan, but you're my friend and..." He went a little pink. "I didn't really react well, but we can talk about it another time and... There's a Hogsmeade weekend in February?"Calla blinked at him. Was he actually asking her out? After what had happened earlier, he was really asking her on another date? "I'm not sure," she said slowly. "I, um - look can we talk about this at some other point?" How was she even meant to respond? She felt sure she was mucking it up. Zach's face fell, and Susan and Hannah exchanged worried glances. "I'm just, er, tired at the moment." She smiled shakily."Yeah," Zach said, voice a little hollow. "Sure. That's... fine.""Okay," she said. "Great. I'll aim - I'll see you!"Flustered, she turned around and nearly tripped over the stairs, having to hoist her dress to her knees and hurry to the Ravenclaw Tower, cheeks blazing. That had been agonisingly awkward. She slipped inside the common room behind a group of chattering fifth years, grateful that she didn't have to answer any riddles, and sprinted over to a corner of the common room where her friends were sitting, Terry dozing in an armchair next to a very disgruntled Anthony. "What happened?" Padma asked her when she sat down by Terry, letting her skirts drop again."He asked me out to Hogsmeade." Her words came out in a rush and Isobel choked."He did what?""Exactly! He argued with me, tried to tell me I was - I don't know, going crazy or something - didn't speak to me the rest of the night and then he asks me out! What's up with that?" She turned to Anthony and Terry. "What does that mean? Why would someone do that?""I don't know," Anthony said, looking alarmed. "We don't all think the same.""It's 'cause he fancies you," Terry said tiredly, which did not help.Calla made a strained sound. "But tonight was so awkward! I don't know what to do!""Wait, wait," Sue said, looking up from where she and Mandy were huddled together. "What did you say?""That I'd think about it, but now I am thinking about it and I don't know what to do." Daphne snorted. "What?""I think you should sleep on it, Calla. I mean, I wouldn't go out with him, seeing as he made you cry.""Yeah, but... We're still friends.""Yeah, but he made you cry!" Isobel said."I know," she whined, burying her face in her hands. "Which is why I don't know what to do!"Why were feelings so complicated? Calla asked herselffor what felt like the millionth time in a month. Tonight had been so awkward, and then turned into her crying, and while she knew Zach hadn't realised that what he was going to say was going to upset her, it still had. He'd apologised that they'd argued, not that he'd said it in the first place. And even then, even before, things hadn't felt right. She hadn't had a clue what to do in a romantic-ish situation - but maybe everyone felt like that at first. "I need sleep," Calla muttered, and her friends all murmured their agreement.They drifted off to the dormitory, Calla still thinking and running through the night's events. Honestly, she realised, she'd been happiest when she'd just been dancing with her friends and Harry. But she had to do something about the Zach situation, but if she turned him down she worried that would make things worse, but she didn't know what would happen if she said yes. She thought worriedly into the night, until her nerves tired her out and she finally drifted off to sleep. The image of the graveyard stayed in her dreams.Author's Note: ahh, the awkwardness of trying to date as a fourteen year old. And of trying to tell a prospective boyfriend that you can actually see the future. This chapter really got away from me a bit, to be honest, but I struggled with where to cut it, so here - an extra long chapter. Second task preparations get properly underway in the next chapter, which is exciting - what do you guys think of Calla's way of tackling the challenge? I remember reading the Goblet of Fire for the first time and thinking that the second task would involve poison and Harry would have to make an antidote, because there seemed to be so much emphasis on antidotes earlier in the year, so I thought some slightly unconventional potion use might come in handy and that using something other than a physical spell would probably be the most appealing idea to Calla. Hope you guys enjoyed, and I also want to say thank you for all the supportive comments after the last chapter, I can't tell you how much it meant to me! I'll try to update soon! :)

Everyone got up late on Boxing Day. Calla felt exhausted even after almost ten hours of sleep, and her hair was a mess when she glanced in the mirror by the bathroom door. "Rough night?" Sue asked quietly from her bed - she was the only other person awake, reading a book happily in the corner."Dramatic," Calla said after some consideration, and Sue grinned."Boys?""Everything."With a laugh, Sue said, "Yeah, I think we all felt a bit of that. Anthony was not as fun of a date as I thought he would be.""Sorry," Calla said, pulling a face."S'okay. Suppose that's a part of the whole dating thing, you know?"Calla smiled in Sue's direction and headed to the bathroom. Looking in the mirror, she realised that her makeup hadn't all come off properly last night and there was no faint blue and purple smudged underneath her eyes, along with mascara. Her eyes looked brighter than normal, or maybe she was just going a bit delirious.The faint smile on her face faded when the memories of the night before came back to her properly. Zach. What was she meant to do about that again? Preferably hide in a hole and pretend none of it ever happened, but that wouldn't be very productive. She'd just have to suck it up and talk to him, like anyone else. Except right now it seemed really, really hard.When she left the bathroom ten minutes later, feeling a lot more refreshed and with her hair in a semi-acceptable state, Daphne and Padma were both awake, discussing the events of the night before. "There you are," Padma said, tugging Calla over. "We were talking about Hermione. She was really upset when we got back to Gryffindor Tower, I wouldn't be surprised if she and Ron ended up having another round of arguing.""Ugh." Calla leaned back and groaned, glaring at the ceiling. "Why do people have to fight?""Speaking of." Daphne gave her a sharp look. "Zach?""God knows. Theo?""Not as good a kisser as I thought." Calla giggled and Padma looked quietly pleased at this revelation. "But he just seemed really stiff all night? It was so strange. Then Astoria and Blaise had an argument and then Pansy and Draco had an argument and it was a bit of a disaster.""You didn't tell us that part last night," Calla said with a frown."You were upset enough," Daphne told her. "Besides, it'll probably blow over soon enough." Shaking her head, she added, "Padma is yet to tell me the details about Harry."Padma scowled. "There are no details. He didn't like dancing."Calla winced. "Sorry about that.""Yeah, but did the two of you, you know, do-""I'm not even going to think about how you were going to finish that sentence," Calla said, cutting her off with an exaggerated shudder. Padma gave her a relieved glance. "Let's just go to breakfast? I'm hungry."Breakfast was a rather lazy affair, and everyone seemed rather deflated after all the excitement of the night before. Some stray silver confetti still littered the floor of the hall, caught between the stones. Calla didn't see many people she knew, and she couldn't blame anyone for not wanting to come downstairs right now, because she was on the verge of falling asleep in her scrambled eggs. When she saw Zach enter, however, she got up and hurried out of the hall before he could see her and approach. Daphne and Padma followed on her heels."You can't just run away from him!" Daphne hissed."I really think it's the best option.""You are going to have to talk to him at some point though.""I know," Calla muttered. "But I kind of just feel like ignoring the problem for a while.""No," Padma said, "you're probably better off not talking to him while you're still upset. Wait a little while. Besides, you still need to talk to Snape about a place to make that potion." Calla groaned and Padma chuckled. "Well, unless you want to use Moaning Myrtle's bathroom again..."The next few days passed in a sort of lazy haze, as the Christmas euphoria died down and everyone returned to the homework they'd neglected during the first week of the holidays. But Calla had something else on her mind; she had to get to brewing. She just needed to work up the courage to speak to Professor Snape about it.It took a few days, but she knew she had to do it.So a few days after Christmas, with Daphne and Padma around the corner waiting for her, she went to Professor Snape's office and knocked sharply on the door, pressing her lips together and gnawing on them nervously as she waited. "Enter," his silky voice called eventually, and Calla stepped inside. Snape looked quite unbothered by her presence, only gently raising one eyebrow. "Miss Potter.""Professor Snape," she said as confidently as she could. She had rehearsed this speech multiple times in her head and out loud with Padma, though it was a lot more nerve-wracking now Snape was looking at her. "So... As you know, I'm in the midst of preparing for the Second Task of the Triwizard Tournament."Snape seemed to sneer a little at that. "Yes, Potter. We are all aware.""Right. So, I've had an idea of what I'm going to do to complete the task, and it involves brewing a potion. Obviously I would do the work, but according to the rules I need someone to verify that I brewed it myself, but I also need a space to brew. And I thought that, because the potion I have in mind has a relatively short brewing time, I might be able to make use of your classroom on some evenings, if that's alright?" She looked at Snape nervously but he did not say anything. "It'd - Well, I'd make a few attempts, I've never made this potion before and it is generally around early N.E.W.T. level which I know will be a challenge, so I plan to make multiple batches and test them out until I get one that works reliably."Snape was silent for a moment, regarding her. She felt very small, standing there on her own. "What potion did you have in mind, Miss Potter?""Well, I - I took into account the work we did on Antidotes in class, sir, and how some antidotes can be used as preventative procedures, too, to counter things like nausea, colds and things. And I've done research, and I - I was going to make a potion to counter drowning? I looked into it and the antidote to a drowning potion works the opposite of a drowning potion - instead of changing air to water inside the body, it changes water to air the moment it is inhaled, therefore allowing me to function essentially as though I was on dry land. It would effectively, though the name doesn't necessarily state it, allow me to breathe underwater, as well as prevent my body from going into shock like often happens when people go into cold water. If I do this with a Warming Charm, I thought... It would... Work..." She trailed off nervously, stomach swirling. This had been a terrible idea. There was no way Snape was going to help, and she was sure she had embarrassed herself by even askingSnape's face was unreadable, which worried her. Then he said, "Yes, that would work. You appear to have thought this through, at least, Miss Potter, and you are not quite as much of a dunderhead as most of my students. It is not what I would like, however Dumbledore has told us to ensure the champions are supported by their teachers and their work..." His lip curled. "Accommodated." He looked like he hated the thought of supporting or accommodating her in any way. "You may use my classroom on Wednesday and Thursday evenings from the beginning of term. Your brewing will not interfere with any of my work, nor with any of my classes and you will not distract from any tasks I myself am undertaking while I supervise. Any mistakes or messes you make will be rectified on your own. And when you inevitably ruin your cauldron, or make a mistake enough to be dangerous, this will cease." His eyes glinted. "I suggest you come up with a back up plan." Calla sighed in relief, though her stomach swam. He didn't sound like he had any faith in her at all - not that she'd expected him to be nice - but at least he had agreed. Honestly, she'd thought he'd turn her away, and if it weren't for Dumbledore, she imagined he probably would have.So she made sure to be very gracious indeed when she said, "Thank you, Professor. Is there any specific time in the evening that would suit your schedule best?""Straight after dinner would suit," said Snape, sounding bored now as he turned his attentions back to an essay he was marking. "You are dismissed, Potter.""Oh." Calla blinked, and nodded clumsily. "Thank you, sir."She hurried out of the room and down the corridor to where Daphne and Padma were waiting for her with expectant looks. "Well?""He's letting me use the classroom on Wednesday and Thursday evenings. Apparently Dumbledore's told him he has to support the champions and that's the only reason why.""He's letting you use it though!" Padma said, grinning. "That's good! One thing down.""Yeah," Calla muttered, "now I just have to brew the damn thing. And even if Snape lets me use his classroom, I wouldn't put it past him to let me poison myself with it by accident.""You won't," Daphne said. "You'll get it just fine, I bet you anything.""Thanks," Calla told her with a small smile. She linked her arm through Daphne's, a small spring in her step. "I-"Padma grabbed her arm and Calla glanced up, seeing Zach coming down the corridor with Hannah. She flushed bright red, heat rising to her cheeks and exchanged a glance with Padma and Daphne, trying to usher them around a corner. But Zach had seen her already, even though she'd been trying to avoid him ever since the ball. Maybe it was stupid - she'd certainly thought so on many nights, lying in bed - but she felt really hurt by how he'd reacted to her telling him about her visions, and she couldn't stop herself holding that grudge."Hey," Zach said, sounding a little breathless. He put his hand on Calla's arm. "Are you... Can I talk to you?"She was about to say no, but caught herself. She had to talk to him at some point, after all. "Alright," Calla said slowly, gesturing for Padma and Daphne to go on, though both had already fixed glares on Zach. With a wave, she urged them to go, and Hannah slipped away in the opposite direction, giving Calla a bright, encouraging smile. "What is it?" Now they were alone she felt suddenly nervous. How was she meant to stop herself from saying something stupid?"I wondered if you'd given any more thought to - to what I asked... At the end of the ball." At last he appeared nervous, too. "I'm sorry you got upset but I think we can put it past us and move on."She blinked in surprised. "You're sorry I'm upset?" The words just didn't sound right. "Not that - not about what you said, and that it was hurtful, just that I'm upset.""Well, same thing. I just want to move on."Calla found herself staring at him. What was she meant to say? Okay? Sure? Was she meant to say that it was fine and that just because he'd apologised it meant she could forget what he said? Because as she kept reminding herself, he was not the only person who dismissed Divination, and she had only hoped that he wouldn't. He was her friend, one of her first friends, and she had felt something more than friendship too - and yet when she looked at him right now, she hadn't a clue what to say. "I don't know," she mumbled, cheeks burning from how awkward it was. Even that night, before they'd argued, things just hadn't felt right. "I um... You mentioned Hogsmeade." She didn't even know what she was about to say. "I... Like you said, we're friends, right?""Yeah?" Zach's smile faltered a little."I just think, maybe we're just friends." He stared at her and she exhaled slowly before speaking again. "Look, even before we argued I just don't think it felt right, I was too nervous and awkward and I don't really think I'm ready for some sort of relationship, and I've got so much to focus on already and I think if - if you don't really get it, because you didn't seem to get it when I was talking about my visions, I just don't think I... I really like you, Zach, but I don't want to date you." As soon as she'd said it, it felt like a weight had been lifted, and yet looking at the expression on Zach's face she felt tenser than she had in months."Oh." He looked surprised, and rather like Calla also felt - like he just didn't know what to do or say in response. "I just thought because you'd gone to the ball with me, you might have actually had an interest. But I guess not."The way he said it was almost accusatory, and Calla winced. "I'm sorry. It's not like I meant to - to lead you on or something.""Right."He didn't say any more and Calla had no idea what she should say either. They just stood there for a moment, watching each other awkwardly. "I should go," Calla blurted out eventually, wishing the floor would swallow her up."Right," Zach said again. "Well. See you in class."She smiled thinly. "Yeah."Cheeks flaming, Calla hurried away to find Padma and Daphne. "That was the most awkward conversation of my entire life and I think I'm about to combust."Daphne winced. "That bad?""What'd he do?""He said he just wanted to move on and he was sorry I got upset, and that annoyed me, and then I said I don't want to go out with him-""Because he's a prick?""Because it was so painfully awkward and I don't think it would, you know, work out anyway, and then he got annoyed and he didn't say anything, but that kind of said everything if you know what I mean, and oh my God!" She let out a cry of frustration and buried her head in Daphne's shoulder. "It was so bad. I don't think I can ever talk to him again."Padma patted her shoulder soothingly. "I think you might be over-reacting. He'll get over it.""It's still so embarrassing!""Why is it embarrassing?" Daphne asked."I don't know! Have you ever had to tell someone you don't want to go out with them after you've already gone on a date?""No," Daphne said, "but I've had a fair few arguments with Theo."Calla groaned. "It's not the same!""Do you want some chocolate?" Padma asked weakly, and Calla choked out a laugh."What?""It'll make you feel better?"She laughed weakly and took the bar of chocolate that Padma had produced from her pocket. "Thanks."XxOver the rest of the holidays, Calla did a pretty decent job of avoiding Zach - though Harry seemed determined to give him a talking to even when Calla insisted it was completely unnecessary - but when classes resumed it was no longer an option. And worse, when she arrived at Defense Against the Dark Arts, she could tell Malfoy was looking at her. "What?" she asked in a low voice as they shoved through the door."Nothing," he said with a smug smile. "Just wondering what sort of things you've..." His eyes trailed her face in an uncomfortable way. "Seen, over the holidays."It felt like the bottom of her stomach had just fallen out. Blood drained from her face. "I-I'm sorry?""You heard me," he said, leaning closer. Calla dearly wished Daphne was here to tell him off, but she was on the other side of the classroom with Padma and Isobel and had yet to notice. "I always knew you were weird, Potter... But I didn't know you were mad, too.""What are you talking about?" This couldn't be happening. He didn't know what he was saying. He couldn't know what this meant to her ears. No, no way."You'll find out," he said with a smirk, sauntering off just before Professor Moody appeared."Everything alright here, Potter?" he barked, causing Calla to jump."Yes, Professor.""Good holiday? Get to work on the Second Task?"She nodded quickly. His fake blue eye was roaming the classroom and looked even creepier than usual. "Yeah, I've got a plan now. Snape's letting me use his classroom to brew a potion.""Is that so?" Moody frowned. "Interesting, Potter...""Professor?""To your seat now," he said abruptly, voice gruff. Calla blinked in surprise at the change in his tone, but hurried to sit down anyway. She did not want to agitate Professor Moody.If Defense Against the Dark Arts started badly, Ancient Runes was even worse. The Ravenclaws all arrived sooner than the Hufflepuffs, who had been in the greenhouses for their first lesson and all looked freezing when they came in. Calla exchanged a glance with Padma, who smiled encouragingly, as Zach, Susan and Hannah entered, whispering. "Hey," Zach said as he sat down next to her, and she pressed her lips together."Hi, Zach.""How... how are you?""Fine." The silence between them was stifling. "How are you?""Fine.""Good."It occurred to Calla that this would be an excellent time for a sinkhole to appear in the middle of the classroom. She took out some parchment, and wrote the date at the top, wishing he would say what she was thinking but knowing he wouldn't."Are we alright, then?""You tell me." The words slipped out before she could stop them. Zach looked at her, surprised. "I'm sorry. Yeah. We're fine." How many times had she said fine already? Probably too many. Even Susan seemed to pick up on the awkwardness between the two of them."Your brother spoke to me the other day."It was all Calla could do to keep herself from exploding. She'd told Harry not to say anything, for God's sake! "Yeah? What'd he say?""He said you were pretty upset with me."She made a strangled sort of sound as she said, "Oh, did he?""I thought we said we were still friends.""We are.""Only he seemed to think we weren't. He gave me a right talking to about respecting you." She winced. This was painful. "And I do!""I know you do," she muttered. "Can we please stop talking about whatever my brother said? He doesn't speak for me."Calla looked up at the board at the front of the classroom, where Professor Babbling was already drawing up some Runes, and she and Zach said no more until the end of the class when he caught her on her way out the door."If you have a problem," he said, "I'd rather you just said it.""I told you what my problem was the other day, and I just told you I don't want to talk about this! You're the one who said we should move on, so let's move on!"She was aware her voice got a little shrill towards the end, and people passing them by in the corridor gave her rather frightened looks. "Yeah, but-""You heard her, Smith," Daphne's voice said, as she came to stand at Calla's shoulder."McGonagall will have our head if we've had all holiday to do this essay and don't manage to hand it in," Padma said, taking Calla's arm. "Come on, we'll get a seat in the common room."They hurried off together towards Ravenclaw Tower, Calla feeling oddly numb instead of angry or sad. She almost felt empty. But they'd barely gotten near the Tower when she heard her brother calling her name and turned around, stifling a groan as he, Ron and Hermione all came up the corridor, looking furious. "What's up with them?" Daphne asked, and Padma shook her head at her."Have you seen what this Skeeter woman's written?" Harry demanded."No," Calla said, stomach squirming. "Why, what does it say?""It's about Hagrid," Hermione explained quickly. "And about you.""Me?" Calla asked, suddenly even more startled and confused. "What've I done?"Harry pushed two scrunched up copies of the Daily Prophet into her hands and Calla took it with trembling hands. On one page, from a few days ago, read the words DUMBLEDORE'S GIANT MISTAKE and then on the other, dated this morning: THE CURSE OF CALLA POTTER."Curse?" she yelped, staring at the article.Calla Potter is a name known by all in the Wizarding World as the sister of the famous Boy-Who-Lived, Harry Potter. It has been long speculated what effects her life of fame have had on her and her brother, and the effects of the demise of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named on one so young. Earlier this year, Calla Potter along with her brother entered herself into the Triwizard Tournament, pitting brother against sister (for more discussion on this, see the Triwizard Tournament special, written by yours truly, Rita Skeeter). Following the First Task, we saw Calla Potter in last position while her brother took the top spot; she didn't exactly manage to prove herself as she had hoped. But new information has come to light regarding Calla Potter's own mysterious magic.Calla's stomach twisted. What the hell?Rita Skeeter can exclusively reveal that Calla Potter claims to be in possession of what some call the Sight, an exceedingly rare gift. It may be hard to believe, readers, especially for one so young and so damaged by her past, but little Miss Potter believes herself to have what she describes as 'visions'. This may come as a great shock to many, for Divination is known to be a notoriously fanciful area of magic, and many who claim to be Seers are nothing more than fortune-tellers. But this may explain Miss Potter's own lack of magical prowess; perhaps she is compensating for this by the claims of having unknown powers, which I will remind the Prophet readers, can very rarely be proven (readers may remember the 1990 scandal surrounding the self-proclaimed and false Seer, Lucille Appleby). Surely living in the shadow of her older brother has made Miss Potter hungry for attention and the greatness she has been denied. This desire has already lead her to compete in the dangerous Triwizard Tournament, and many worry for Potter's safety not only to herself but to those around her."Hungry for attention?" she spluttered. "Who-""There's more," Ron said with a wince.But there is another explanation the Prophet must consider. That famous night when He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named perished and the Wizarding World rejoiced, the Boy Who Lived was forever immortalised as the saviour of wizardkind and for good reason. Yet no one knows the truth of what happened that night. Is it possible, then, that Calla Potter is suffering from the results of a deep, dark curse? Word at Hogwarts says Potter is prone to outbursts at her teachers and has on many occasions struggled with the taxes of witchcraft, with one anonymous source telling the Prophet that it was a 'miracle' she passed last year's rigorous exams. Perhaps Miss Potter is, unknown to much of the Wizarding world, little more than a squib."A squib?"Certainly it would come as a shock, but the events of Halloween 1981 and the ten years between then and her arrival at Hogwarts are foggy enough to make us call into question whether Calla Potter really is a stable child, and whether she truly possesses the magical prowess one would expect of her. Some of her actions, such as reportedly trying to fight a troll on school grounds and attempting to capture the suspected murderer Peter Pettigrew, are cause for worry and a sure sign of a deeply troubled young girl who is willing to go to any lengths to be noticed. The entry into the Triwizard Tournament may be just one more attempt to prove herself against the curse of her weakness and of being constantly overshadowed. With the Second Task of the Tournament approaching, we all wait with anticipation to see what Calla and Harry Potter will do next, whether Calla Potter will make it through all of her shortcomings to survive the Tournament, and perhaps even discover whether her outlandish claims of visions and the Sight have any substance to them."This can't be real," Padma said, looking over Calla's shoulder. "They can't have let her publish this!""The one about Hagrid came out a few days ago, apparently but this one was today. We only saw it now - Malfoy showed us.""That's what he was talking about," Calla said in a low murmur. "In Defense, he... He called me mad. Because of this.""For Merlin's sake," Daphne muttered, clamping a hand to her head. "How did she know about all this?"Her stomach felt even emptier now. There were few people who knew of her visions, and one had just left her. "Zach.""He wouldn't," Padma said slowly. "He wouldn't be so stupid as to talk to Rita Skeeter.""Well, who else knows?" Calla snapped. "And it's awfully coincidental timing, don't you think?""I don't know. Maybe he mentioned it to someone else, maybe someone overheard you.""There were loads of people in the Entrance Hall when I saw you," Harry muttered, and Calla's eyes snapped up."But they - they couldn't have heard all that?" Her eyes pricked with tears; how hadn't she seen it already, how come she didn't know what had been said about her? How many people knew about this now, how many people had she passed in the corridor today who were silently judging her, whispering behind her back."Malfoy and Parkinson were there too," Harry murmured, but Calla was hardly listening."Surely not," Daphne said. "They wouldn't-""They would," Ron muttered. "Didn't you hear what Calla just said about him?"The corridor seemed to constrict around her and she felt suddenly too warm, like she was going to pass out or be sick. This couldn't be happening. Someone had leaked to Rita Skeeter, someone had betrayed her trust and now people knew, and while having the Sight was never something she was ashamed of, she suddenly felt like she was supposed to be ashamaed, like there was something wrong. Malfoy had called her mad, Skeeter had called her a liar. And this article was in Wizarding Britain's chief newspaper, the details and speculation about her life - some things she'd thought and never been brave enough to voice herself - were splashed onto the front page for anyone and everyone to see and judge her for. Would people hate her? Would they think her mad? The thought of so many people knowing something she had only told a handful of those closest to her made her skin itch.Calla tried very hard not to cry as she shoved the article back into Harry's hands. She didn't even want to read the other one about Hagrid. "I'm going to the dormitory.""Calla!""We've got Potions, haven't we? I need to make sure I'm prepared."She turned around, walking briskly along the corridor towards Ravenclaw Tower. Her friends' feet hurried after her, but she didn't want to look at any of them, just wanted to cry. Tears were burning her eyes at this point, and she was sure anyone who saw her crying would think she was indeed a mad little attention-hungry girl. Who had done this to her? It must have been Zach, but why? Why would he have told Rita Skeeter about her, why would she even want to write that? What did he get out of that except a bit of gossip and publicity? She told herself it couldn't have been Zach. She trusted him more than that, she had to. He was her friend. And he was not the only person who knew, but then who else had told Skeeter? The list suddenly felt far too long.She wanted to scream, but had to stop herself. She'd just gone past a group of whispering sixth years and wouldn't have been surprised if they thought she'd lost it. There were many minutes before she got to Ravenclaw Tower, immediately making her way to her dormitory. She heard Terry and Anthony calling her over but hurried up the stairs instead, throwing herself down on her bed in the empty dormitory. She was determined not to cry, but she did anyway, and when she was done crying she flung herself to a sitting position and flung her stupid golden egg across the room, where it slammed off the wall and clattered onto the stone floor.Before going to her next class, Potions, Calla tried to put on some concealer to hide the blotchiness of her face, but it didn't do very much and she was sure that when she arrived, everyone knew she had been crying. All the Hufflepuffs were looking at her curiously, while most of her housemates just looked pitying. She took her usual place with Padma, who laid a comforting hand on her arm. "Rita Skeeter's ridiculous," she whispered. "Everyone knows she writes a load of drivel.""That's not just it," she muttered, eyes going to Zach, who was talking quickly to Ernie. "Someone told her about my visions.""He wouldn't," Padma told her sternly. "You know that.""Do I?" She shook Padma's hand off of her. "I have a pretty small list of people who I've actually spoken to about them." Harry, Daphne, Padma, Ron, Hermione. The others did too though - Isobel, Terry, Anthony, Lisa, Mandy, Michael, Sue. What if one of them had said something? Not to Skeeter but to another student who had passed it on? How could she know? It felt like control over her own life was slipping out of her grasp. "And other people must have spoken to her, too. To know about the troll, about... these supposed outbursts, about me not being great in class." Calla sighed, squeezing her eyes shut and trying not to cry again. "I hate this.""I know.""I'm going to talk to him about it.""Are you?"She sighed. Did she even want to try to have that conversation? "Let's just get on with this," she said, opening her eyes so she could read the instructions on the blackboard. Snape was regarding her coolly. "Before someone writes about how I fail at making a potion."The next few days did nothing to improve her mood; not Trelawney's session on Monday evening nor her classes on Tuesday. Ancient Runes had been terrible with Zach not talking to her and Susan clearly feeling awkward about the whole situation, and when she arrived at her Care of Magical Creatures class she was so ready to see Hagrid; but he was not there.There was another professor, a middle aged woman who smiled crisply at them all. "I am Professor Grubbly-Plank, I will be your Care of Magical Creatures teacher for the foreseeable future.""What about Hagrid?" Isobel asked loudly, her hands on her hips. They could all guess why.Grubbly-Plank's mouth pressed into a thin line. "He is indisposed at the moment. Beyond that, I cannot say. Now, I have planned a lesson with the unicorns in the forest." Even though unicorns sounded brilliant, Calla couldn't bring herself to be enthusiastic about Professor Grubbly-Plank's lesson. She followed her and the rest of the class sullenly into the forest."You don't think this is because of that cow Skeeter, do you?" Padma asked. Calla caught Zach looking over at them and her cheeks grew very hot."If it is, I'll have her head. It's ridiculous, no one should care. We all love Hagrid, don't we?"She looked around at all of her fellow Ravenclaws, and she must have looked fierce because they all nodded right away, with a lot more enthusiasm than was necessary. "Of course," Terry said loudly. "Hagrid's brilliant. I'm sure he'll just need a little while to come around, but we all know how great he is, don't we?""Exactly," said Isobel, looking very determined. "I'll find this Rita Skeeter and tell her so myself.""Hurry on, now," Grubbly-Plank called back to them, and they hurried to catch up with the group of Hufflepuffs. Sally-Anne Perks looked over at Calla and whispered something to Rachel Harris, who threw her a curious, but almost mocking, look."Ignore them," Padma and Terry both said quietly by Calla's side. "They don't know anything."It didn't make Calla feel much better though. She couldn't help but be entranced by the unicorns, who both responded well to her - their coats were so soft and shiny, and their eyes so sweet and gentle - yet even when the class finished she didn't feel much happier.Her meeting with Dumbledore that night also achieved nothing except him trying to coax information about her visions out of her, and her not having anything helpful to contribute. All she knew for certain was that her visions scared her. "You could help lead us to Pettigrew," Dumbledore told her, as if she didn't already know. And she wished she could, wished she could do something of use.Even by Wednesday evening, her nerves were wrecked and she was exhausted and she half expected Snape to turn her away from his classroom when she showed up after dinner, Potion ingredients and instructions in hand."Good evening," he said flatly by way of greeting, and inclined his head to the farthest corner of the classroom. "You may set up your work there, Miss Potter."She did so silently, assembling her cauldron and scales and setting out all of her ingredients. She had enough for five batches of the potion, one to be made every week for the next few weeks until she hopefully got it right. If not, she'd need a back-up plan, but she'd work on that once she got an idea of what she was doing. The instructions from her textbook said to bring the honeywater to the boil first, and so she put that in the cauldron and lit the fire beneath it before starting to measure and organise the rest of her ingredients. She was only vaguely aware of Snape watching her as she worked, but tried to ignore his gaze as best as she could, determined not to be put off by him. She ground her moonstones into a fine powder and tipped them carefully into the boiled honeywater along with her potion binding agent, making sure there was none that spilled before she stirred it, three times anti-clockwise and twice clockwise. A minute later, she did the same, and then a minute after that, until eventually the moonstone had dissolved and combined effectively with the honeywater.Next was the squill bulb, which she crushed under her knife before juicing it into the potion. She had to let that simmer for ten minutes before stirring, in which time she finely sliced her knotgrass. The eel's eye she had to add in at the very end, though she rather wished she could have gotten rid of it beforehand. Once the knotgrass was added, she had to stir until the potion went a strong teal colour; it was, at the moment, a misty grey. Snape was watching her carefully as she continued to stir, but the colour would not change beyond a couple of shades. She bit down on her lip nervously and clenched her fist as she continued, and it seemed to take forever to get it somewhat resembling teal, by which time she was incredibly flustered by Snape, who was staring at her."Is everything alright, sir?" she asked anxiously, checking over her recipe just to be certain that she hadn't messed anything up. Maybe the moonstone hadn't been fine enough?Snape did not reply to her. She kept stirring, until the potion started to look more green than teal and she figured this was as good as it was going to get and gave up, making a wound in the eel's eye, which was completely disgusting, before she dropped it into the cauldron. At once, it hissed and splashed, some of the potion catching Calla's arm. She winced, shaking her wrist as she tried stirring with her other hand. It was meant to go a shimmering blue at this point, and it did go blue, to be fair, but there wasn't much of a shimmer. Snape did not look very impressed at all as she continued stirring for the next five minutes, watching the steam rise gently from the cauldron."It, er, it's meant to mature for twenty four hours now," she told him.He raised his eyebrows. "Leave it there, then, Miss Potter. If it explodes in a student's face, I shall be holding you accountable.""Of course." Calla smiled shakily, rubbing her arm, and placed the cauldron lid on top of it. Only a thin stream of steam came from the top, a pale blue-ish grey. It smelled alright, at least. "I'll er, be back tomorrow night at this time."Snape only glanced up momentarily to nod as Calla, face hot, packed up her ingredients and equipment and ushered herself hurriedly from the classroom.The next evening, Snape's demeanour was much the same. He nodded curtly at Calla when she entered and watched as she completed the necessary stirring of the potion, adding the remainder of the honeywater and bringing the potion to the boil. She was meant to leave it another fifteen minutes from there, and so took to reading over her Ancient Runes assignment, scrawling notes on parchment. She considered for a moment if Runes could at all help her in the Second Task - some had been used in the magic of old, after all, to defend and to warm, mainly to affect the body. She supposed it was an option, but she'd spoken to Professor Babbling about using Runes for magic before, and she hadn't seemed to think it would be possible for Calla. That was over a year ago, she thought to herself hopefully, and then remembered what Skeeter had written, what some anonymous classmate - Hermione thought it was Pansy Parkinson - had said about her, and decided not to try it. She had to focus on one thing if she was going to succeed at all.The alarm she'd set went off before she could get deeper into the assignment, and she gave it seven quick clockwise stirs before trying to wrest her courage and ask, "Professor Snape, could you check this potion?"Snape looked up, appearing most displeased. But even though he sighed, he did come to take a look at it. "It would gain you Acceptable marks," he told her.That didn't exactly sound like a rousing praise. But she ladled and bottled it anyway; if she tried it, tested it safely, then she could understand what elements hadn't worked out correctly. Snape didn't look impressed, but he didn't stop her either, and said nothing until she'd finished bottling and vanished the remainder of liquid inside the cauldron. She was just heading out of the classroom, resigned to the quiet, when he spoke. "You will likely need to make another attempt," Snape told her. "I doubt that potion would work for a sustained length of time, Potter, if it were to work at all.""I know, Professor," Calla said as mildly as she could. "But I'm going to test it anyway. I know what the different elements do to affect its properties, so by testing I can work out from there what specifically didn't go as planned."Snape made a displeased sound. "You may do with that potion as you wish, in that case, Miss Potter. I do hope you don't poison yourself."She tested the potion in the girls' dorm bathroom later that night, taking a vial of it. It tasted oddly fresh, and a little sweet. She licked her lips after, and filled the sink as full as she could with cold water, tied her hair back and stuck her face under the water.It was her natural reaction to try and hold her breath, but she couldn't keep that for long. A few seconds went by before she dared to take a small, shallow breath, and came up gasping for air, coughing and spluttering. Her eyes watered, and she could feel even that tiny bit of water clogging her nose as she coughed it out. "Calla?" Padma's voice called from the other side of the door. "You alright in there?""Yup," she called back, slightly hoarsely, as she drained the sink. So that hadn't worked, even if it had tasted very nice. "Fine.""You sure?"She could loudly again, shaking her head; some water had managed to get into her ears. "I'm okay. I'll be out in a moment."At least the cold hadn't really shocked her, even though she knew it had been very close to freezing before she'd taken the potion. That was one thing she knew she'd gotten right, but it was the breathing part that was really important, after all. The knotgrass and the squill bulb were the most important for that; perhaps she hadn't sliced the knotgrass finely enough, or juiced the squill bulb to its fullest extent. She made a mental note to adjust her notes to suit, and then dried her face quickly with a towel, snatching the potion vial and slipping it into her pocket before she returned to the dormitory."What's up with you?" Lisa asked, flipping the page of her magazine."The potion I made didn't quite work," she said, though to Padma rather than Lisa. "I'll have to make some adjustments and try again next week."It was Friday morning when she got a letter from Remus. She'd tried to put Skeeter's article about her out of her head, but when Moony landed on top of her Charms textbook with the letter clasped in his grasp, she remembered immediately, and felt rather nervous as she unfolded the parchment.Dear Calla,I have seen the article from the Skeeter woman, and though I didn't think what to say at first, I'd like to tell you not to give it attention. You understand your abilities far more than anyone else does, and far more than anyone ever could. Rita Skeeter has never been kind, and all she wants is a story, no matter if it is true or false. You've seen how she wrote about Hagrid by now, too, I am sure, and you know there is little truth to the way she describes him. It is what you make of yourself that matters. On another note, how are you progressing with your preparations for the Second Task? Harry seems rather undecided on the matter, but I trust you are somewhat farther forward. Please do let me know.RemusCalla smiled when she read it even though she hadn't expected to. The knowledge that her godfather had faith in her made everything much better; and he was right, after all, she knew Rita only wanted a story. If she didn't think Hagrid should be bothered by what Skeeter had said about him, then why should she put stock in it?She felt considerably more cheerful, especially after breakfast, when Padma and Terry had taken it in turns to try and charm each other's uniform ties increasingly ridiculous bright colours, ending with Padma in a bright green and neon pink tie and Terry wearing one in a yellow so bright it hurt to look at it. Even her classes that day seemed to go better, even Transfiguration, as she finally managed to do what the rest of the class had been doing for weeks and turn a hedgehog into a pincushion. McGonagall had even smiled at her, which was high praise as far as Calla was aware."You know," Daphne told her in a whisper at the end of the class, "I saw Krum practicing swimming in the lake earlier. He looks good.""Were you looking?" Calla asked, eyebrows raised, and Daphne flushed."I meant he looks like he's a good swimmer. You ought to practice, don't you think?""Practice?" Calla laughed. "I still need to learn."Daphne paused on her way out the door. "Learn? You don't know how to swim?"Calla just shrugged, tugging her along the corridor with her, Padma in tow. "The Dursleys never got lessons for Harry and I, only Dudley. Harry says he reckons they were hoping we'd fall in a lake at some point and drown.""Don't say that," Padma scolded her. "I'm sure they didn't."Calla laughed awkwardly, the two girls staring at her. "I don't know," she mumbled. Fortunately, her stomach chose that moment to rumble loudly. "I'm hungry, we should get to dinner. You can see if you can turn Terry's hat yellow next, Padma."Even as she tried to lighten the mood, her friends kept their eyes on her, seeming to worry constantly. She wanted to say she was fine, but really Calla felt like she was just waiting for this all to be over, or that it had never happened. But she couldn't change what was already done. She just had to get through what came next.

The Hogsmeade visit came on Saturday, the day bright and clear and crisp and the sky a beautiful blue. Calla woke last and immediately regretted opening her eyes; her head was pounding and she felt exhausted. "You can't miss Hogsmeade," Daphne sighed, sitting herself down at the end of Calla's bed. "You'll be fine.""Bit of fresh air'll do you good," Isobel said mildly. "That's what my mum always says.""I just want to sleep." Calla pulled her extra pillow over her head and shut her eyes determinedly, curling up under the covers."But-""Leave her, Daphne," Padma told her quietly. "We'll bring you breakfast up, Calla."Calla sighed. Her head hurt when she closed her eyes, like fire. There was a gnawing hunger in the pit of her stomach. "I'm not hungry," she said, because she was also sure that she'd be sick if she tried to put in the energy to eat. "Just go on without me.""Stop being all tragic," Lisa snapped."I'm ill, Lisa."The pillow was snatched from over her head and Lisa's hand was clammy on her forehead. "Oh. Yeah, you do feel a bit hot, actually.""She'll be roasting under those covers," Isobel said. Calla found herself wishing she hadn't said anything and they'd all just shut up; their voices were grating on her ears now. "That's why.""Just go," she murmured, trying to ignore them. But Isobel hauled her out of bed."At least come to breakfast," Daphne said. "Come on, bathroom's free."She did feel marginally better after getting ready and having breakfast, but Calla remained in a bad mood as they all trudged down to Hogsmeade together. "You do look a bit pale," Daphne had observed. "Maybe don't have anything in Honeydukes.""If you lot are dragging me down here," Calla muttered determinedly, "I'm at least going to get some chocolate out of it."Padma laughed, and they made Honeydukes their first stop. In truth, Calla didn't much feel like having anything sweet, but she still bought herself a bar of chocolate and some sugar quills for later. "I want to go see the Shrieking Shack," Isobel declared as they left. "I still haven't seen it."Calla shifted awkwardly. "I'm not fussed," she said, even as Daphne and Padma went to go with Isobel."Are you sure?" Padma made a move to come back over to stand with her, but Calla shook her head."Yeah, course. I said I'd meet Harry, Ron and Hermione in a bit anyway; you guys go on ahead.""I'm not too keen on the Shrieking Shack either," Terry admitted, leaning against the wall beside Calla."Well, I am," Lisa said, and Daphne suddenly looked a lot less keen on the idea.The four of them went in the direction of the Shrieking Shack with Mandy and Sue, while Michael departed to say hello to Wayne Hopkins and Arran Tegan, leaving Calla with Terry and Anthony to make their way through town towards the Three Broomsticks. "How is the Tournament coming along, anyway?" Anthony asked her. "Lisa said you were freaking out over a Potion.""Did she now?" Calla said drily. "Well, I know what I'm doing, I just need to figure out how to do it right. I'm making a potion that'll let me breathe underwater, but it's complex because technically it's an antidote to prevent drowning, so I have to get it precisely right for it to work.""That's what Snape was talking about, right? Antidotes as preventatives?"She nodded. "Yeah, that's how I thought of it. I couldn't believe it took me so long, though, I only figured it out just before the ball.""Oh, right." At the mention of the ball, Anthony and Terry had exchanged a significant look."What?" Calla asked slowly, looking between them."Oh, nothing," said Terry breezily as they ducked quickly inside the Three Broomsticks. "It's just... well, obviously we heard about the Daily Prophet article.""Did you, now?" She struggled to keep her voice even. There was honestly nothing she wanted to discuss less right now. "So do you think I'm a raving lunatic, cursed, or a squib?""We think Rita Skeeter's a right bitch, actually," Anthony told her, and she blinked, suddenly cheered. "But Mandy mentioned something about Zacharias Smith and the ball. He's been swearing up and down he didn't say anything to anyone about it.""Well someone did.""He said he wants to talk to you," Anthony told Calla, and she huffed."Well, then, he can talk to me himself." She caught sight of Harry sitting with Ron and Hermione in a nearby booth and made a hasty excuse as she hurried over, slipping into a seat beside Hermione."Ah, there you are," Hermione said, very cheerfully. "Nice morning?""Brilliant," she said, and it must have been obvious how little she meant it because both Harry and Ron looked at her weirdly. "I just don't feel great," she admitted. It was very warm in the pub, she noticed, eyeing Harry's cold-looking Butterbeer. It would be very sweet though."Are you sure you should be here, then? I mean, if you're unwell, you'll have to keep up your strength for the Second Task-" Hermione shot Harry a look as she said it "-you don't want to stay unwell.""I've got ages," Calla said, shaking her head. "Besides there's not much I can do at the moment about it, I'm still in the middle of preparing. It's good to take a day off."Harry looked at her curiously for just a second before he said, "I'll come with you to get a drink," and got to his feet, headed to the bar."Look," Harry said, appearing rather awkward, "about that egg...""Yes?" Calla counted out her change for Butterbeer in the palm of her hand. "D'you know what you're doing yet? Remus sounds like he's worried about it.""Well... Cedric said to open it... in the prefects' bathroom. Underwater. But I wasn't... I didn't really want...""You knew that already, though," Calla interrupted, frowning up at him. "You've already opened it under the water, haven't you?""Well, no."She stared at him. "Why? You told me ages ago you knew what you were doing! Before Christmas! That's why I didn't... Harry." She gave him a very stern look and he squirmed, not meeting her eyes. She knew all of a sudden why he hadn't told her he didn't know what to do, and why he hadn't taken Cedric's advice. His stupid pride. "You're so annoying. Why didn't you tell me you needed to figure it out, I would have told you how?" Her brother seemed to wince a little; it wasn't like he'd fully believed what she'd said about the dragons."Do you even know what the egg says?""Well, no-""So you have no idea what you need to do? You have no plan?"He winced. "You don't have to say it like that!""Well, how else am I meant to say it? It's true, isn't it?" When he didn't reply, she huffed loudly. "I can't believe you, Harry. I suppose you want me to tell you what the egg says.""No," Harry said quickly. "I don't. I just wanted to know if Cedric was telling me the truth...""Instead of just doing as he said and finding out that way?" Harry went pink. "For goodness' sake, Harry.""I just want to figure it out myself," he mumbled. "Prove that I can."She softened a little at that, but still glared at him. "So if Cedric didn't tell you what to do, you would have gone on not knowing until when, exactly?""I don't know!" He threw his hands in the air and huffed. "I promise I will figure it out - I just want to do it on my own.""Well, you are going to have to open it underwater, Harry, there's no way getting around that. If you weren't so stubborn..." She trailed off and sighed. "There are mermaids involved. You're going to have to find your way underwater for an hour. Listen to the riddle and see what else you can figure out."Despite his talk of wanting to figure it out for himself, Harry did look rather relieved. "But you know what you're doing?" he asked, looking at her sideways."Yes." Calla gave her brother a stern look as she stepped up towards the bar. "Clearly, you're the one everyone should have been worrying about. Gillywater and two Butterbeers." Madam Rosmerta smiled and set about fetching bottles behind the bar. Calla lowered her voice, "So Cedric just told you to use it in the Prefects' bathroom?""Yeah. I thought it sounded a bit weird."Calla snorted. "It makes sense once you realise true mersong can only be heard underwater.""Oh, right. How did you-""Luna Lovegood has great insight sometimes.""Who?"She grinned as she exchanged sickles for their drinks and set off back to their table. "You haven't had the honour of meeting her yet?""Doesn't seem like it." Calla grinned. "I promise I will figure out what to do. Now I know where to start.""Now you've stopped being an idiot," she corrected, rolling her eyes fondly. "And you had better, or it won't just be me who tells you off, but Hermione, too. And I know she's good at telling people off.""Yeah." He paused a moment. "Bagman offered to help me.""He did?" Calla looked at him sharply. "Why?""I don't know! He said he just wanted a Hogwarts victory, but I know he didn't offer Cedric help...""He didn't offer me any help either," Calla said, trying not to sound bitter. She wouldn't have wanted his help anyway, she told herself. Nor had she needed it in the end."Yeah. He was acting weird though, he was talking to goblins but they didn't seem too happy with him. At least he's got someone looking for Bertha Jorkins now.""Only took him six months," Calla muttered, as they sat back down at the table. She handed Ron his new Butterbeer and he grinned at her."Thanks, Calla."She smiled at him, then turned back to her brother. "So what did he say about Bertha Jorkins then? Have they found anything? Do they think... it might have anything to do with Pettigrew, or Voldemort?""I don't know," Harry admitted. "He did sound worried though. And apparently Mr Crouch is still ill and no one's seen him."That really didn't sit well with Calla. "You don't think he's involved, too? I don't know... He put a lot of old Death Eaters in jail, didn't he, and he's got a major role in the search for Pettigrew? He'd be an obvious target.""Calla," Ron whispered, "not so loud.""No one can hear, it's so noisy in here anyway.""No, look," Ron said, and Calla turned to see that Rita Skeeter had just walked in, wearing banana-yellow robes and bright pink nail polish. Her eyes roamed the room like she was searching for a story and thought she'd find it here.Calla's gut turned and she ducked her head as Skeeter passed, headed to a nearby table and talking quickly to her photographer. "...didn't seem very keen to talk to us, did he, Bozo? Now, why would that be, do you think? And what's he doing with a pack of goblins in tow, anyway? Showing them the sights... what nonsense... he was always a bad liar. Reckon something's up? Think we should do a bit of digging? Disgraced Ex-Head of Magical Sports, Ludo Bagman... snappy start to a sentence, Bozo. We just need to find a story to fit it.""Trying to ruin someone else's life?" Harry asked loudly.A few people looked around, and Calla felt her cheeks burn. She wanted nothing more than to hide under the table, but Rita Skeeter had already seen them and heard Harry; her eyes widened. "Harry!" she said, beaming. "How lovely! Why don't you come and join-""I wouldn't come near you with a ten-foot broomstick," said Harry furiously. "What'd you do that to Hagrid for, eh? And writing about my sister-""Our readers have the right to know the truth, Harry. I am merely doing my-""Who cares if Hagrid's half-giant?" Harry shouted. "Who cares what you think about my sister?" Calla wished the ground would open up and swallow her; if only she had Harry's Invisibility Cloak. The pub suddenly seemed impossibly hot again, stuffy and humid. "There's nothing wrong with them!"The whole pub had gone very quiet, and everyone was paying attention to their table and Rita Skeeter. Calla could see Terry and Anthony glancing over, both looking anxious. Terry gave Calla a sympathetic glance, seeing her flush.Rita Skeeter had taken out her Quick-Quotes Quill; Calla had a strong desire to run over there and snap it in two. If only she could do that from over here. "How about giving me an interview about the Hagrid you know, hm, Harry? The man behind the muscles? Your unlikely friendship and the reasons behind it? And how about you, Calla?" Calla slunk further down in her seat, cheeks and eyes both blazing now. "How do you feel about your visions? How have you been affected by the curses of your young life? Is your role as an outcast why you bond with Hagrid so well? Is he a father substitute for the two of you? Or how about your godfather, Calla, the werewolf? Are the two of you simply drawn to dangerous beasts?"Hermione stood up abruptly, clutching her Butterbeer so tightly Calla thought it would explode. "You horrible woman," she said through gritted teeth, "You don't care, do you, anything for a story? And anyone will do, won't they? Even Ludo Bagman-""Sit down you silly girl," Rita Skeeter said snappily to Hermione, "and don't talk about things you don't understand. I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl... not that it needs it.""Can we go, please?" Calla muttered across the table, as Harry and Hermione both looked like they wouldn't let this go otherwise."Yeah," Ron said quietly, glancing between the two of them. "C'mon, you two."Calla caught Anthony's eye as they left and she nodded to him silently, responding to his silent question. Everyone was staring at them, it seemed, as they left, and Rita Skeeter's Quick Quotes Quill was flying swiftly over her scroll of parchment. "That was embarrassing," Calla muttered, and Harry looked at her, surprised."I wasn't going to let her say all that stuff about Hagrid and you and get away with it!""You didn't have to bring me into it," Calla told him primly; her cheeks were still burning. "Everyone was listening, Harry.""Well, good!" Hermione said shrilly. "They deserved to hear!""I didn't want-""She'll be after you now," Ron said to Hermione. "You shouldn't cross Rita Skeeter.""Oh, let her try anything!" Hermione cried. She seemed to be shaking with fury now. "I'll show her! Silly little girl, indeed! Oh, I'll get her back, first Harry and Calla and now Hagrid, too!""I'm being serious, Hermione," Ron said in a low voice, "she'll dig something up on you.""My parents don't read the Daily Prophet," Hermione said. "She can't scare me." She was walking very fast, seeming to storm up the path out of Hogsmeade; Calla didn't have much of a choice but to follow her, even though it was very difficult to keep up. Hermione looked angry enough to hit someone. "And Hagrid isn't going to hide anymore either! He should never have let the beast of a human being upset him, and nor should Calla! She shouldn't scare you, either of you! Now, come on!"She broke into a run and Calla hastened to keep up with her as they ran back to the castle grounds. "I can't believe you spoke to Skeeter like that," Calla hissed to Harry as they ran."She shouldn't talk about you like that.""You just can't help interfering, like you did with Zach.""I'm just sticking up for you," Harry whispered in return, looking stung."I know that," she muttered as they raced past the twin statues of the winged boars that guarded the castle gates. "But I can stick up for myself."She hastened to catch up to Hermione and Ron and ran down the grassy hill towards Hagrid's hut at the edge of the forest. His window curtains were still drawn, but she could hear Fang barking from inside. "Hagrid!" Hermione shouted, running up and banging on the door. "Hagrid, that's enough! We know you're in there! Nobody cares if your mum was a giantess, Hagrid! You can't let that Skeeter woman do this to you! Hagrid, get out here, you're being-"The door opened sharply and Hermione hurried forwards. "About t-"She faltered, as did the rest of them; for it was not Hagrid who greeted them but Professor Dumbledore, whose eyes were twinkling with kind amusement. "Good afternoon," he said pleasantly, smiling down at them. Calla grinned up at him."We - er-""We wanted to talk to Hagrid," Calla finished for Hermione."Yes, I gathered as much," Dumbledore said, still smiling, something for which Calla was very grateful. Though she did have to wonder why he had come down; surely Hagrid hadn't done something stupid and resigned? No, she was sure he hadn't. He wouldn't. "Why don't you come in?" Dumbledore said, and Calla startled back from her worry as the boys and Hermione hurried past her to go inside. She followed quickly.Fang launched himself at Calla immediately, his paws scrambling at her shoulders as he tried to lick her all over, probably trying to rid her of Matilda's cat smell. "Hey, boy," she said, scratching his fur and gently guiding him back down so she could step inside properly.Hagrid was sitting at his table looking like a mess, surrounding by mugs of tea and piles of massive tissues. His face was blotchy and his eyes swollen from crying, and Calla's heart immediately went out to him. He'd responded to Skeeter even worse than she had, and she realised guiltily that he hadn't had so many people around him; they should have all come to see him much, much earlier. "Hi, Hagrid," Harry said quietly.Hagrid looked up. "'Lo, Harry." His voice was very hoarse."Anyone for a cup of tea?" Dumbledore asked, looking around at them all. He closed the door behind him and with a flourish of his wand conjured a floating tea tray which rotated in mid-air, with not only tea and cups but cakes, too. He guided the tray over to Hagrid's table and they all went over to sit down, Fang giving Calla's leg a butt with his head before he padded back over to Hagrid. Calla summoned some soap to wash her hands before she eyed up the cakes. There was a moment of quiet before Dumbledore asked, "Did you perhaps hear what Miss Granger was shouting, Hagrid?" Hermione's cheeks went very pink but Dumbledore continued on, "It seems Hermione, Harry, Calla and Ron all still want to know you, judging by the way they came down here to see you and attempted to break down the door."Hermione's cheeks went an even brighter pink, but Harry spoke immediately. "Of course we want to know you, Hagrid! You didn't think anything that Skeeter cow- sorry, Professor.""I have gone temporarily deaf and haven't the faintest idea what you just said, Harry," Dumbledore said cheerfully."Er, right. I just meant - Hagrid, how could you think anything that horrible woman said meant anything to us? How'd you think we'd care about any of that?"Two fat tears welled up in Hagrid's eyes and trickled down his cheeks into his untamed black beard. "Living proof of what I've been telling you, Hagrid," Dumbledore said. "I have shown you the letters from the parents who remember you from their own days at Hogwarts, telling me that in no uncertain terms, that if I were to sack you, they would have something to say about it!""No' all of them," Hagrid said, voice thick with tears, "not all of them want me ter stay.""We do!" Calla told him quickly just before Dumbledore could speak. "Not just us, everyone in our year! All the Ravenclaws agree, and I'm sure everyone else does too!""They can' all," Hagrid said hoarsely."I'm afraid, Hagrid, that if you are holding out for universal popularity, you may be left in this cabin for a long time yet." Dumbledore peered over his glasses at Hagrid. "Not a week has passed since I became Headmaster of this school that I have not received a letter from a parent complaining about the way I run it. But what should I do? Barricade myself inside my study and refuse to come out and speak to anyone?""Yeh - yeh're not half giant!""Hagrid, look at what we've got for relatives!" Harry said earnestly. "Look at the Dursleys!""An excellent point," Dumbledore agreed. "My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual. Of course, I am not entirely sure that he can read, so that may not have been bravery...""Come back and teach, Hagrid," said Hermione quietly. "Please come back, we really miss you.""Everyone does."Hagrid gulped, and tears fell thicker down his cheeks. Dumbledore stood up, smiling. "I refuse to accept your resignation, Hagrid," he said, "and I expect to see you back at work on Monday. You will join me for breakfast at eight thirty in the Great Hall. No excuses. Good afternoon to you all. Oh, and Miss Potter, I should like to see you on Friday evening in my office."Calla startled, but nodded rapidly as Dumbledore left, stopping only to scratch beneath Fang's chin. "What do you need to see Dumbledore for?" Hermione asked, looking momentarily confused, but Calla shook her head."Later," she whispered; Hagrid still looked rather close to tears, and he raised his hands to his face, sobbing loudly.Calla and Hermione both patted him consolingly on the arm until he calmed down enough to mumble, "Great man, Dumbledore... Great man.""Yeah, He is," said Ron. "Can I have one of these cakes, Hagrid?"Calla shot him a glare but Hagrid said thickly, "Course yeh can, Ron... help yerself..." He wiped his eyes against the back of his eyes. "Ar, he's right, o' course... yeh're all right... I bin silly, moping here... my ol' dad woulda bin ashamed of the way I bin behavin'-""It's alright to be upset, Hagrid," Calla told him quietly. "Rita Skeeter had no right to publish that article. Clearly, she's no respect for privacy. But you can't let her get to you. You're better than that. Everyone loves you, Hagrid."More tears fell from his eyes, as Hagrid stood up and went over to his drawers, taking a picture. "Thank yeh, Calla... I saw what she wrote 'bout yeh, too... Loads of rubbish, all of it.""See?" Ron said. "You should never have listened to her rubbish, either of you!"Calla smiled in gratitude as Hagrid let out a very loud, trumpet-like sob. "Never shown yeh my ol' dad, have I? Well..."He held up an old photo of a short wizard with the same crinkled black eyes as Hagrid did, beaming as he sat on top of Hagrid's shoulders like a child. Calla's heart melted. In the photo, Hagrid must have been around seven feet tall, as he was tall even against an apple tree, but his face was young and beardless. He didn't look even as old as they were, and Calla thought he was maybe as young as eleven or twelve."Tha' was taken just after I got inter Hogwarts," Hagrid said in a croaky voice. "Dad was dead chuffed... though' I might no' get into Hogwarts, see, cause of me mum... well, anyway. Course, I was never great shakes at magic, but at least he never seen me expelled. Died in my second year, see."Another few tears leaked out from his eyes. "Oh, Hagrid," Calla said softly, hugging him."Dumbledore was the one what got me the gamekeeper job. Great man, Dumbledore. He stood up for me after me Dad left. He trusts people, Dumbledore does... gives them second chances... that's wha' sets 'im apart from the other Heads, see. He'll accept anyone at Hogwarts, so long as they've got the talent. Knows people can turn out okay even if their families weren't... well... all that respectable. But some don't understand that. There are some who'd always hold it against yeh... there are some who would even pretend they've got big bones rather than stand up and say - I am what I am, I'm not ashamed." Calla hugged him tightly and felt her own eyes prickle with tears too. "Never be ashamed, my old dad used to say. There's some who'll hold it against you, bu' they're not worth botherin' with. An' he was right. I've bin an idiot, I'm not botherin' with her anymore, I promise yeh. Big bones... I'll show her big bones..."Calla tried very hard to avoid Harry and Ron's gaze. "You're right, Hagrid," she said."You know, Calla, Harry," Hagrid said, looking up, his eyes shining wetly, "yeh reminded me a bit o' myself when I first met yeh. Mum an' Dad gone, and feeling like yeh wouldn't really fit in at Hogwarts, do you remember? An' now look at the two o' yeh! School champions!" He turned his eyes to Calla. "And you don't ever let anyone tell yeh anything different, yeh're brilliant, the both of yeh!" Calla flushed, but she smiled at Hagrid. He looked between them for a moment and then said, "Yeh know what I'd love? I'd love for one of yeh to win it, I really would. It'd show them all... yeh don't have to be pureblood teh do it... Yeh don' have ter be ashamed of what yeh are. It'll show them Dumbledore's the one who's got it right, letting in anyone as long as they can do magic, and yeh can both do magic, both of yeh. You're brilliant and don't let anyone tell yeh otherwise. How are yeh doing with yer eggs?""Great," Harry said thickly, and Calla shot him a withering look - but she knew why he was lying to Hagrid right now. "Really great.""And yeh, Calla?""Yeah," she said quietly, swallowing the lump in her throat. "I think I'm almost ready. There are a few things I have to sort out, but..." She flushed and nodded. "I think I'm getting there."Hagrid broke into a great watery smile. "You show 'em, Harry, Calla... Yeah, you show 'em. You beat 'em all."When they left Hagrid's hut later, Harry took Calla's arm and led her away out of Hermione and Ron's earshot. "I'm going to do it tonight," he said quickly, and Calla nodded, grinning. "I know you said about the merpeople and having to be underwater but I want to hear this egg myself, too. Can I borrow your map? Just to figure it out.""Of course." Calla beamed at him, and gave him a tight hug. She took it from her pocket where she always kept it and pressed it into his hand. "You figure it out, alright?""I will.""You said this already," Calla said, but she was grinning at him. "Come on. Let's do it for Hagrid." She squeezed her brother's shoulder. "You win this thing.""Or you," Harry said, and grinned at her. "You can do it too, I reckon you've still got as much chance as anyone. You're farther forward than I am on this one and no matter what Rita Skeeter or anyone else says, I know you're brilliant. You'll come up with something amazing and blow them all away." Then he hugged her tightly, and she squeezed him back, beaming. "I should get to Ron and Hermione. And I'll get you this back in the morning."She grinned at him as they hurried up to the doors where Ron and Hermione were both waiting, and she knew for certain that her brother would sort out his egg, figure it out, and that he would do everything he could, if not for himself, but for Hagrid."Terry told us about that Skeeter bitch," Daphne said at dinner, as she and Padma appeared at Calla's side. "Showing up in Hogsmeade like that, she's no right to.""Terry also said you ran out," Padma said worriedly."I didn't run out," Calla said, rather stung. "Hermione started mouthing off. She's the one who ran out.""Well, he also said you were rather upset.""Oh, is Terry operating the Hogwarts gossip machine now? I didn't realise.""Calm down, Calla," Daphne snapped. "He was trying to help because he and Anthony were worried and figured you'd be more responsive to us.""Honestly," Calla huffed, "I am fine. It's - I just have to focus on the Tournament right now. Stop fussing over me when there's nothing wrong.""You're being awfully short with us."Calla sighed, squeezing her eyes shut. She could feel her headache returning. "I'm sorry. I'm glad you care, it's just I'd really rather forget about all this."Both her friends exchanged anxious glances which she pretended not to see. She spied Zacharias looking over at her from the Hufflepuff Table, appearing guilty, and her gut twisted. Maybe she should speak to him - but she couldn't bring herself to do so quite yet. She told herself it wasn't the right time, but when would be? She was angry but she didn't want to lose their friendship, and yet she worried that maybe she already had.Xx"I can't believe you gave him the map." Calla, Harry, Ron and Hermione sat at a table in the back of their Charms class on Monday morning, practising Banishing Charms in between their whispered conversation. Padma and Daphne had teamed up with Isobel, and she was watching Isobel try to propel a pillow in Lisa's direction. "It was mine!""You said I could use it.""Yeah, you could use it, not give it away to whoever you feel like. You totally owe me the cloak now.""Moody'll give it back," Harry whispered back. "You'll get it soon, but he'd just rescued me from Snape and Filch, I couldn't say no. And anyway, that's not what's important, is it? Crouch was sniffing about Snape's office.""And Snape said Moody's searched his office as well?" Ron whispered curiously, just as he Banished his cushion with his wand and sent it right towards Parvati, knocking her hat off. She glared at him and he looked down. "She's been in a mood with me ever since the ball.""I wonder why," Calla drawled."But d'you think Moody's sent here to keep an eye on Snape as well as Karkaroff? I mean, if Dumbledore thinks something's up...""Well, I dunno if Dumbledore asked him to," Harry said, "but it seems to be what he's doing." His cushion flopped onto the desk after Harry made a very half-hearted wand movement. "Moody says Dumbledore only lets Snape stay here because he's giving him a second chance of something.""Well, Moody's a very paranoid person," Calla said. "You know he just sees Dark wizards everywhere.""What, you don't think Snape's an evil git?"Calla gave Ron a withering look. "Dumbledore trusts him, but Moody hardly trusts anyone. I don't like Snape, but I don't think he's a danger to anyone.""Maybe Moody thinks Snape put your names into the Goblet of Fire.""And give us any more attention than we already get? I don't think so." Besides, if Snape wanted her to die he could very well have refused to let her brew in his classroom or tried to mess up the potion, and she knew that he hadn't."And we thought Snape was trying to kill Harry before, didn't we," Hermione said sceptically to Ron, "and he wasn't, was he? He was saving his life!""He's still a slimy git," Ron muttered. Calla tried sending her pillow across the classroom, but it just slid off the edge of the table and flopped onto the ground. Hermione gave it and Calla a rather patronising look."I don't care what Moody says," Hermione went on, "I'm with Calla. Dumbledore trusts Snape, and he was right to trust Hagrid and Remus, wasn't he? And loads of people wouldn't have given them jobs, so why shouldn't he be right about Snape, even if he is a bit-""-evil," Ron said. Hermione glared at him. "Come on, why are all these Dark wizard-catchers searching his office then?""Why has Mr Crouch been pretending to be ill, then?" Hermione asked. "How come he can't make it to the Yule Ball but he can come up here and snoop around in the middle of the night?" She looked at Calla. "What do you think?""Me?" Calla stared at Hermione, surprised she'd asked her. "Well, I don't know. Maybe something's wrong with him. Some sort of curse, might make him ill, might scare him into coming up here, trying to find something.""Find what?" Ron asked."Well, I don't know." She pointed her wand again at her pillow, which Harry had helpfully picked up from where it lay on the floor. "Maybe he wants to find an antidote to something. He could be poisoned.""Maybe Snape poisoned him!" Ron said excitedly."You just want to think Snape's up to something," muttered Hermione, as she sent her pillow across the room to sit neatly inside the box."I just want to know what Snape did with his first chance," Harry said, "if this is his second." He sent his pillow to sit nicely on top of Hermione's on the other side of the room; Flitwick smiled at him. Calla attempted the same, but the pillow just jumped a little into the air and then deflated. She and Ron exchanged grim looks. She was sure she'd get it someday.XxZacharias Smith came up to her on Wednesday evening after dinner, just as Calla was about to head to the Potions classroom to work on her potion for the Second Task. She tried to avoid him, but he would let her; he caught her hand in his and she had to pretend like she didn't care as she turned around, fixing him with a cool look. "Yes?""You know I didn't tell Skeeter about that, right?" he said, his words coming out in a rush. Calla just blinked at him."Well, someone did.""She could have heard from anyone. And I certainly never spoke to her, I would never do that, Calla. You - you're one of my best friends.""Am I?" She raised her eyebrows, swallowing her nerves at confronting him, if that was what this was. "If I was, you wouldn't have reacted the way you did. You would have understood, or - or at least tried to. Hermione at least tries now, and I know she thought Divination was rubbish all last year.""I know, I know," Zach said quickly. "I'm sorry. I don't get it, but... I still wouldn't talk about you behind your back like that. The only people I told were Susan and Hannah because they were worried, but you know they wouldn't have said anything either.""I told you not to tell anyone!" Calla cried."I know, I'm sorry, but I couldn't not tell them!" Calla glared at him. "And none of us would have spoken to Rita Skeeter, of all people, we know what she's like!" He looked at her as though asking for her forgiveness, but Calla just shook her head. "Seriously, Calla. Why won't you believe me?""It's not that I don't believe you, it's that there are very few people who know - or who knew, at least - and I don't know who to believe. Someone clearly told her." Calla sighed, pinching her brow. "I just don't want to talk to you about this, Zach.""Why not? Why are you scared to-""I am not scared!" she shouted, prompting a passing group of Beauxbatons boys to stare at her. She saw Fleur Delacour hurry past and give her a very odd look; her cheeks went aflame. "I have somewhere to be, Zach.""Fine!" he called after her. "Fine, if you won't talk to me then I guess it doesn't matter what I did or didn't do anyway! None of this is my fault, you know!"She whirled back around. "None of what?""Th-this! I don't know! You just seem like all you want to do is be mad at me.""You've no idea what you're talking about," she said quietly. She was angry to realise there were tears in her eyes."It's not my fault you have these visions, or that you - you're struggling-""Struggling?""Or that Skeeter wrote those things. You're my friend, Calla," he said. "Or at least you were. But now you're just being a bitch about it and I haven't done anything wrong."She felt anger flare up in her chest at that but before she could move, someone spoke. "Five points for foul language, Mr Smith," said Professor Snape's silky voice. "And Miss Potter, five points for making a scene of yourself in the corridor." She glared at him, furious words on the tip of her tongue, but within seconds they disappeared along with Zach and her cheeks flamed furiously as she started crying. Why did everything have to turn into such a mess? "Get yourself together, Miss Potter," Snape said sharply. "I do believe you have work to be getting on with."She nodded quickly, trying hastily to dry her eyes. "Yes, Professor. Sorry."He gave her a cold look. "Come, Miss Potter."They only got a few steps before they were stopped by Professor Moody, who was hobbling along on his wooden leg. "Ah, Potter," he said, and his magical eye roamed over Snape. "Severus. A word, Potter?""Miss Potter was just coming with me," Snape said tightly. Calla looked nervously between the two of them."I'm sure you can spare her for a moment."Snape looked for a second like he was going to refuse Moody, but the two held glares for a long time before he nodded a tiny bit and a smile stretched Moody's face. "I expect to see you within ten minutes, Potter," Snape told Calla shortly, and whirled away down towards the dungeons."Snape giving you grief?" Moody asked Calla gruffly, and she shook her head."No, no. He... I was arguing with someone. Quite loudly.""That Smith boy?" Calla didn't even respond before he spoke again. "You know I've heard all about what the Skeeter woman said about you.""Great," Calla muttered, scuffing her shoes on the floor. It was wonderful that even her teachers had read the article, and probably that some of them - if not all - had agreed. Not that they were necessarily mean, but Calla imagined it would be hard to say she wasn't bad at magic."So," he said, "how are you getting on with your egg?""Quite well, actually," she said, a bit surprised. "I think I'm almost there.""Really?" Moody looked rather sceptical, and frustration with him rolled in her chest."Yes," she said in a hard voice. "I know what I need to do and I think I'm getting close to achieving it. I'm brewing a potion to counter drowning..." She hesitated a moment before adding, "Professor Snape lets me brew in his classroom on Wednesday and Thursday nights.""Does he now?" Moody looked very interested by this."Yes," Calla said slowly, and added in a bit more defensive of a tone than necessary, "he's been quite accommodating.""Well," said Moody, "I never say you ought to trust the likes of Snape... But you seem to know what you're doing, Potter.""Is that why you've been searching his office?" Calla asked before she could stop herself, and immediately regretted it at the dangerous glint in Moody's eye. "S-Sorry, Professor, I only - only meant... My brother-""There's something you oughtta know, Potter," Moody seemed to growl, as his nails dug in sharply to Calla's forearm. A trickle of fear went down her spine. "Severus Snape isn't the man you might think he is, or the man Dumbledore wants him to be." He licked his lips in an almost aggressive way. "If there's one thing I hate, it's a Dark wizard that runs free."He let go of Calla suddenly and her stomach plummeted as she stumbled away, nodding. So Moody definitely thought Snape was up to something, and by the sounds of it, Dumbledore had an idea about it, too. The man Dumbledore wants him to be... Who did Dumbledore want him to be? He wasn't exactly a nice person or teacher. She tried to clear her mind as she hurried away from Moody, still reeling, when a thought popped into her head. Something Zach had said... And what Hagrid had mentioned at the weekend... Both conversations - those between Calla and Zach, and Hagrid and Madam Maxime - had happened on the same night, and that wasn't a coincidence. Could Rita Skeeter have been in the grounds, listening in? But she hadn't seen her anywhere.That was a mystery for another day, she decided as she scrawled the words Skeeter - Yule Ball - How? in her notebook, tucked it in her pocket and went quietly into Snape's classroom to start her next batch of Potions for the Tournament. He looked up as she entered and she didn't dare say anything except give a polite nod and hurry into the corner to set up.XxWith Monday nights reserved for Divination, Tuesdays for homework, and Wednesday and Thursday both reserved for brewing, Calla was beginning to see her timetable fill up, and found herself exhausted by the end of the week. "I see you've been keeping yourself very busy," Dumbledore said when she traipsed into his office five minutes late on Friday night, tired and slightly out of breath from having run all the way from dinner and up the stairs."It's only for now," she replied, taking a seat tiredly. "Once I've got my potion ready for the Second Task, I'll have a bit more time throughout the week." Her most recent attempt had very nearly worked, and she had been able to breathe fine, but the potion was meant to keep her body normal and regulated, and she could feel her lungs working harder. Maybe it was a normal side-effect, but she wanted to try again just to be certain she had the right potion, and Snape had suggested that would be a good course of action."Be careful not to overwork yourself, Calla," Dumbledore warned her."I know," she said fake-cheerfully. "I'll be fine. So," she added, bracing herself with a smile, "what are we working on tonight?""Well, I rather thought we could start by seeing what progress you've made in coercing your visions."She withheld a groan. "Not much," she admitted. "Not for a lack of trying, sir, I just... Haven't managed it yet. I try to clear my mind, I think I'm getting better at that, but then when I try to force it and control it, it kind of just... All falls apart. And I either can't do anything or just start thinking about basically everything.""Quite normal," Dumbledore said cheerfully. "Though I wonder if you might allow me to attempt to penetrate your mind, if you can clear it? Perhaps testing your fortifications will help you to make them more flexible and responsive to your own will?"She figured it was worth a shot so with a shrug, Calla agreed, and closed her ideas. She imagined first that she was by a clear, calm blue lake with nothing and no one around for miles, but then that just made her think of the Second Task so she tried again, shaking her head and making herself picture a clear, cloudless blue sky, the sun warm at the edges of her mind. Then she let that fade into nothing, only the comfortable warm feeling remaining, and made her mind stay in that blank space until she felt magic press at her mental walls. It was like a cold seeping into the warm edges, cracking them slowly, but she kept herself breathing as normally as she could until eventually Dumbledore pressed in.She felt for a moment like she was falling and then in her mind she landed on the ground. It was sodden, but not cool; the grass was dark and sticky with blood that seeped from her knees. Her heart hammered; she was alone, even though she didn't quite feel it. There was nothing to be heard at all, and all she could see was a single crow on a tree branch, its black eyes glinting down at her in the moonlight. She lifted her head and something heavy seemed to move deep inside her chest. World spinning a little, Calla stumbled to her feet as the ground shifted underneath her.This world here was nothing but white, the ghostly outline of a graveyard. There was no one else here and yet she couldn't shake the feeling that she was being watched. Perhaps that was Dumbledore, even if the presence felt far more sinister. Her vision shifted again the moment she blinked; bright red flare lights flew into the sky and there was music all around her, almost deafening. Something grabbed her arm and yanked her to the side where she could see shades whispering and moving among a cluster of trees. She couldn't make out their voices, but they seemed to be almost hissing, and they were getting closer.Then it cleared. The world became a little brighter, but someone was running, panting and muttering words that Calla could not make out. Red spellfire ricocheted off the trees nearby and someone let out a cry. They thudded onto the ground. Cold trickled over her and then her head felt like it was burning, worse than ever. This was worse than any other vision had ever been. She wanted out, she wanted to push Dumbledore out.She couldn't quite feel herself moving, and everything felt too heavy, but she thrust an arm out in warning, fear consuming her. She was pulled back to reality by Dumbledore and her eyes flew open to see him staring at her, white-faced. Her heart was hammering in her chest, out of control, and she had to fight to control her breathing. "I am so sorry," he said quietly. There was no twinkle in his eye. "I did not know... That was not a memory.""No," she shook her head, breathless. There was a flutter of wings as Fawkes came to rest on her shoulder, laying his head against her skin. "No, I... No." But if it was a vision, it was very unclear. And it had been painful. Having someone else in her head when she was having a vision, she decided, was not a good idea. "I don't know what that was."Dumbledore looked at her for a long moment, like he was thinking deeply about what they both had just seen. "You are shaking," he told her, and conjured a mug of steaming hot chocolate from the air. "Drink. You will feel better for it.""Thank you, Professor," she said quietly, flushing under his gaze as she took the mug and sipped nervously. It didn't burn her, which she was glad for, because she could never tell with hot chocolate."You held out well," Dumbledore told her. "But I was not expecting that reaction.""Me neither," she said, taking another sip. He was looking at her very curiously, so she asked timidly, "Do you have any idea what was happening there?""I'm not sure," he admitted. "I am sorry, I feel I say that so often in response to your questions. But I am learning. It is good that you retained the presence of mind to try and halt the vision. That will serve you well.""Okay." She had a very long drink of the hot chocolate before she set it down. "Professor, do you think any of that has anything to do with the Triwizard Tournament. Or - or Voldemort?"He sighed and paused a long moment, his brow creased. "I think it may," he told her quietly, eyes sorrowful, and she knew somehow that his words were true. She nodded shakily, looking down."Do you think someone wants me to die from this Tournament?" Dumbledore just looked at her and that was all the confirmation she needed. "Professor, it... Forgive me, but is anyone really doing anything about Pettigrew? Because I feel like I've seen nothing and everything seems to be pointing to - to him... coming back and - and the Prophet is reporting less and less and with everything they've been saying it feels like everyone's just trying to avoid it. And I know you correspond closely with Fudge and - and I'm s-sorry if I've... overstepped... Professor."Dumbledore was looking at her most curiously. Her heart hammered as she waited for him to speak. Had she gone too far? Had she overstepped? "Cornelius is reluctant to cause discord," he said solemnly. "He fears Lord Voldemort's return as much as anyone does and perhaps more, because of what that may do to his position. People are already scared, and fear caused instability. Fudge is a politician in a highly sought-after position. He does not like instability - well, none of us really do. I think the Ministry are in part hoping that it will go away, that Pettigrew will have been dealt with already one way or another. I don't think they are prepared for Lord Voldemort's return.""And they won't, will they?" Dumbledore shook his head. "Well, Mr Crouch seems worried, anyway.""Barty Crouch?" Dumbledore stared at her. "How did you come to this conclusion?""Well, he..." She debated telling Dumbledore about Harry's midnight stroll with the map, but decided she ought to. It wasn't like he was doing anything bad with it. "Harry saw him on the map the other night when he was - was going to figure out the egg for the Tournament." Dumbledore nodded. "He seemed to be investigating Snape's office.""He did?" Dumbledore looked most confused by this information. "Well, all my sources tell me Mr Crouch has been confined to his house for the last few months. This is most peculiar. You are sure-""That's what Harry said," Calla told him, and Dumbledore nodded understandingly."And do you believe Mr Crouch has cause to be suspicious of Professor Snape?""I... Well, I know Professor Moody doesn't like him, and he wouldn't say why, but he did allude to him being a Dark Wizard. But I don't think Snape... would want to do Harry and I harm. I mean, he doesn't like us, and we don't-" she caught herself but Dumbledore's eyes twinkled in understanding of what she was about to say "-but I don't think he's involved with Voldemort. He's always tried to stop him, anyway, or at least that's the way it seems. And he's letting me use his classroom to brew. So I don't think he would have done that if he wanted me to die."Dumbledore nodded. "A wise analysis, Miss Potter. I'll look into what you've told me... For now, I think it's time you drank up the rest of your hot chocolate and took yourself back to Ravenclaw Tower to catch up on sleep. If you don't mind my saying, you have been looking rather tired." She flushed red, but she knew he was probably right. So Calla nodded, gulped down the rest of her hot chocolate and hurried off to sleep.Author's Note: This chapter was a bit longer than intended, but the Second Task is coming up next and I'm pretty excited as we're getting closer to the end of fourth year. I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and the next should be up some time next week!

Over the next few weeks, Calla felt herself swept up into a mess of homework and Tournament preparations, as the weather turned colder and blustery. Her potion was pretty nearly correct after her fourth attempt - Snape had even given her a respectful nod - but that didn't mean she was ready. She would need to perform a Heating Charm reliably to combat the shock of the cold water, and she needed to learn how to swim.So a couple of weeks before the Second Task, she stood with Padma and Daphne by the edge of the lake, shivering nervously. "I can't believe you don't know how to swim," Daphne said, shaking her head."It isn't my fault," she muttered. "I told you, the Dursleys never got us lessons.""Good thing you've got such good teachers, then," said Padma, and shot Daphne a look. "You remember what we told you?"Calla nodded. She demonstrated the two arm strokes Padma and Daphne had shown her in the dormitory - Lisa had been very unamused - both front crawl and breaststroke. "Good," said Padma. "So long as you can do those, you should be fine. Front crawl's faster, but breaststroke's easier if you don't have much experience. You're meant to come up for breath at different points, but you won't need to do that, obviously." She grinned. "Do you want to get in?"Calla stared at the cold, black lake. "Not really."Daphne laughed. "It's alright once you're in, I'm sure.""Easy for you to say," Calla retorted, "you're not going in."She took a deep breath and cast a Heating Charm over herself to ease her chittering. She was glad no one else was about to see as she took off her heavy outer robes, and, chattering and shivering, squeezed her eyes shut and forced herself to run into the water. It was cool, but not freezing as she'd expected, as she waded further into the deep. Once it was deep enough, she turned around to wave to Daphne and Padma, who were watching her amusedly from the shore. She went over what they'd told her, and taking a deep breath, she turned and started kicking through the water. Her feet dragged against the bottom but when it dropped away she felt her stomach tumble and had to kick furiously as she tried to keep herself afloat.It wasn't as bad as she'd thought, she realised once she'd regained a bit of her composure and gotten used to the strange feeling of having nothing to stand on. True, she was swimming very slowly, and knew she could have run a lot faster, but she was getting somewhere, and managing to keep herself afloat. She swam for ages until she could feel the Heating Charm wearing off, then returned to her friends at the shore, where Padma cast a drying charm on her, Daphne tugged the tangles from her hair, and she shivered as she put her robes back on. "You didn't drown," Daphne said cheerfully. Calla shot her a withering look. "Well done.""Thanks," she muttered, taking her wand back from where she'd left it on the grass. "I'm not very good at swimming, though, I don't think.""At least you can do it, though," Padma said, as the three of them huddled closer and headed up towards the castle. "It's only your first time."XxCalla had never been much of a morning person, but jumping into a freezing cold lake before breakfast was certainly an effective way of waking her up. Every second day, she would practice swimming, hoping that if she did it enough then eventually her limbs would feel normal moving through the water. She almost grew to like the feeling of the water after that first icy shock, and out of necessity she had gotten very good at the drying spell.The other champions, it seemed, had also taken it upon themselves to refine their swimming skills; all except Harry, who was instead obsessing over a way to breathe underwater. Calla had offered to help him brew a counter drowning potion, but he didn't seem a fan of asking Snape to let him brew in the Potions classroom, nor was he confident in his brewing abilities. She told herself that if it came to it she was going to shove a vial in his hand before they went to the lake and force him to drink it.If only she knew what the other champions were planning, she might have passed it on to her brother, but even during their swim practices they all seemed tight-lipped. At least on the matter of the Tournament. Krum was as sullen and untalkative as ever, but Fleur especially seemed to have warmed to Calla more recently."My little sister is interested in Divination," she chose to inform Calla a week before the task, as they dried their hair off by a large oak tree.Calla raised her eyebrows. "Oh. What age is she?""Only eight - a little young for it now." Fleur laughed. "She is quite desperate to visit me, if only to see a wizarding school.""Has she never seen Beauxbatons?""Oh, no." Fleur smiled at Calla in a strangely warm way that made her stomach flip. "No, we at Beauxbatons guard our chateux most secretively. The first glimpse of it for first year students is meant to be special."Calla thought back to the first time she had seen Hogwarts rising up out of the darkness across the lake, and a smile ghosted her lips as she turned her head again to the castle. "Yeah. Hogwarts is special, too."With a laugh, Fleur finished off drying the ends of Calla's hair for her, and handed over Calla's thick winter cloak before drawing her own silk one around her shoulders. "You know, I never understood how you don't freeze in such a thin cloak," Calla mused."Protective enchantments," Fleur told her with a smile. "They are a part of all our uniforms to keep us warm, and far more fashionable than the Hogwarts cloaks." Calla tried not to be offended. "They have rune patterns in them, see?" She swept her hair out of the way and shrugged the cloak off a little so that Calla could see the lining of the collar. She felt strangely breathless as she touched the smooth silk material, peering at the intricate stitching. "Quite ingenious.""I think we could do with those," Calla said thickly, trying not to blush as she stepped away. Suddenly her throat felt very tight. "Scottish highlands... Freezing in the Winter.""And rainy," Fleur added, wrinkling her nose.Calla laughed. "To be fair, it's rainy in the Summer, too."Smiling, the pair of them made their way up the slope. There were the barest signs of movement from the Beauxbatons carriage, while Hogwarts looked as sleepy as ever. "I notice your brother does not join us?" Fleur said as they approached the giant winged horses."Oh, he's still... Preparing." Fleur raised her eyebrows. "He took a little while longer to figure out the riddle, but he's certainly getting there.""Well," Fleur said, "let us hope he can swim as well as you do."Without another word, she went into the Beauxbatons carriage, the golden door swinging shut behind her. Warmth flooded to Calla's cheeks and she felt oddly light as she headed back to the common room. The comment on her swimming wasn't exactly a massive compliment, and indeed, she thought it was a bit of a strange one, but the thought of Fleur thinking well of her... Well, Calla wasn't quite sure why she was blushing, but it felt very nice.Xx"Where is he?" Calla asked anxiously, glancing around the Great Hall. Breakfast was in full swing, though she didn't feel like eating much. She hadn't seen Padma this morning, and Harry had also not made an appearance yet, nor had Ron or Hermione. Maybe they'd been helping him? But that didn't account for Padma."He's probably just stressing out in his dormitory," Daphne said. "I doubt he'll have figured it out overnight.""That's not really helping," Calla muttered, and Daphne rubbed her shoulder soothingly."Don't worry. You know he'll be fine, he gets out of these sorts of situations all the time.""Yeah," Calla said snappishly, "when he can breathe."Daphne, Isobel and Terry more or less forced her to eat, though she didn't want to have much; not just because of her nerves but because she now knew that swimming on a full stomach was not a very good idea. By the time Flitwick was bringing her to the lakeside, she still hadn't seen her brother, and he wasn't at the lake either."I'll see if I can find him," Daphne said, squeezing Calla's hand tightly. "He'll be alright, you just concentrate on you, yeah? And I'll get Padma to come see you once I find her, I've no idea where she's gotten to."That worried Calla too. She was beginning to think something had happened, that someone had taken her friends and her brother - but by Padma - and then it hit her, as she stared down at the Black Lake. They had taken them; for the Tournament.Although that still didn't explain Harry. But without a Ron or Hermione to wake him and give him a pep talk... She bit down tightly on her lip, as the crowd by the lake grew and there was still no sign of her brother. Maybe he really hadn't figured out what to do and hadn't told her. She should have told him what to do, pride be damned. Fleur had come to stand by her side, eyeing the lake apprehensively. "Do you know what you are going to do?" Fleur asked.Calla nodded faintly. "Yeah. I've got it right here." She patted the pocket where her two vials were stoppered and zipped tightly up. She should have brought more, so Harry could have some too if he didn't have a plan. "You?" Fleur nodded, her silvery sheet of hair rippling in the sunlight."Isn't your brother joining us?" Fleur asked, looking around. "He is very late.""I know," Calla groaned. Maybe she should go and find him... If only she had the map. Of course. She turned around and made to hurry over to Moody, who was standing by the judges, but was stopped by a rather nasty look from Karkaroff. He seemed to be gloating.Dumbledore looked troubled when Calla caught his eye, and she tried to communicate that she had no idea where her brother was, and she knew time was running out. His face settled rather grimly as he turned to whisper something to Moody, but at that moment Calla caught sight of a figure thundering down the slope towards the lake and almost sagged in relief. "Harry," she whispered as he came to a stop, panting, next to her. "Where the hell were you, you weren't at breakfast, you're almost late! Have you had anything to eat?"He shook his head, doubled over. He appeared to be nursing a stitch in his side. "'M here now," he said. "That's all... that matters.""And you know what you're doing?" She narrowed her eyes at him, but he nodded."Yeah. Yeah. Well, I... I think I do.""Brilliant." Her thumb ran over her corked vials. "Good luck. Listen, you haven't-""All set, Harry?" Ludo Batman's voice boomed as he came over, clapping a hand on Harry's shoulder. "Very good, very good. Now if you'd just move along and stand here for me..."He ushered them all into positions ten feet apart from one another, Calla between Fleur and her brother, who looked rather pale. She felt slightly like she was going to be sick, as she unzipped her pocket and wrapped her hand around one of the little vials. They had better work, she thought, eyeing the lake. It looked freezing. Bagman said something quietly to Harry, who grimaced as Bagman clapped a hand on his shoulder and stepped away, surveying them all."Well," Bagman's voice boomed out across the stands, "all our champions are now ready for the Second Task, which will start on my whistle. They have precisely an hour to recover what has been taken from them. On the count of three, then." Calla tightened one hand around her vial of potion and the other around her wand, ready to cast the warming charm. "One." She cast a glance at Harry, stomach twisting from nerves. "Two." She scanned the crowd for her friends, but couldn't see any of them. "Three."The whistle blew shrilly and Calla immediately raised the potion vial to her lips and downed it in a quick gulp, before hastily casting a heating charm around herself. She could already feel her fingertips warming as she knelt by the edge of the lake and stuck her head in the lake, well aware of how ridiculous it probably looked to everyone else, and breathed in. It felt normal, no blockage or choking or anything, and she smiled as she raised her head again. Harry was wading out into the lake, waist-deep in the cold water. She got back up to her feet, zipped up her pocket carefully and, bracing herself, ran forwards into the shallow water and bent down to half-swim, half-wade through the silty water until the bottom dropped away and, with a grimace, she flipped over and dove downwards into the darkness.She couldn't see very much around her, especially since she didn't have her glasses on, but the extra element of the eel's eyes seemed to have done its work; she could gradually see the dark shapes around her coming more into focus, so she at least had some sense of presence. She couldn't see any of the others, but that wasn't necessarily a bad thing; she'd prefer to keep away from the action, anyway. The water around her seemed to change in shades every so often, as new scenes and places revealed themselves, great forests of seaweed floating in the water around her, reeds brushing against her skin, and tiny schools of silver fish zooming past in clusters of bubbles, seeming to giggle. There was an eerie sort of silver glow around to her right, a haze over the rocks that she had to swerve violently to the side to avoid.She stopped a moment past the cluster of rocks, treading water as she looked around, keeping a very tight grip on her wand. She couldn't see much of anything, here, and while there were clumps of weeds around her, she didn't want to risk going into anything when she couldn't see what it was hiding. Trying to do as Dumbledore had been teaching her, Calla attempted to shut her eyes and see where she might have to end up, but there was nothing leading her. After a minute or so of no success, she let out a groan of frustration and opened her eyes again, just in time to see someone with the head of a shark zoom past. She blinked in surprise, and reeled for a moment before she realised it must have been either Cedric or Krum. They disappeared into the weedy darkness and Calla thought for only a moment about following them, but decided not to. She couldn't see the bottom of the lake, but she was sure it was still very far down. Going down and working her way up would work best, she thought, and dived down further, the cool water rippling against her skin.There was a muffled shout from somewhere in the distance, clouded by the thick, deep water. She swam deeper past a cluster of rocks, a thick clump of dark blue-ish weeds, and passed a strange muddy shelf which gave her a fright as she realised there were very human-like skulls laid into it. Something giggled eerily up ahead, and a great sense of foreboding over came Calla as she pushed off against the shelf and made to swim away.Something scraped against her ankle and she gasped, letting out a bubbly shriek. She shook her leg furiously, twisting around to a see a grey, slimy, clawed hand reaching out from the mud, and another scrambling out of one of the skull's too-wide eye sockets. Her stomach twisted and she was sure if it weren't for the fact that she was underwater, she would have been sick. She kicked back, aiming a Stunning spell at the hand; it did not work of course, and she had to twist in the water to try and shake the grindylow off, her robes dragging against the current of the lake. Something propelled her against the mud shelf, as she felt herself dragged towards it, and she kicked and kicked, struggling against the hold."Reducto!" she shouted, and only a stream of bubbles came out. She kicked out, and one of the skulls in the wall cracked. Another hand shot out from where it had been and Calla jerked her leg, hitting that hand with the toe of her boot. It recoiled, and with a hammering heart, she shoved her foot against the mud shelf, crushing the wrist of the hand that had grabbed her. It let go suddenly and she wasn't taking any chances; she swam forward and downwards furiously, not sure where she was going except away from that, whatever it had been.Something swam across the stretch of water in front of her, like a great black tentacle, dragging the water and pushing her back. She tread the water furiously, and though that if anyone had seen her she would have looked extremely silly indeed as she tried to make her way through the water.It seemed to take forever until she came across anything that wasn't just deep water, as she swam past a cluster of thick weeds that she was careful to avoid. And then she heard a very faint, but still haunting, snatch of mer-song."An hour long you'll have to look,"And to recover what we took."She dove down further, kicking as fast as she could as she swam past a large, black rock with pictures depicting the merpeople, and she knew she had found the right place. She swam on, feeling a little bit more positive, certain that she would be in the right place soon."..hour's almost done so tarry not,"Lest what you seek stays here to rot..."That propelled Calla on further through the darkness, great stone structures leering out at her and seeming to press all around. She followed the sound of the haunting music, her arms chilling and raising with goosebumps as she pushed her way through the water. A few minutes later, she turned around the corner of one of the massive merpeople structures and came to a break in the buildings, like a clearing surrounded by shifting weeds and reeds, and in the centre of it were five large wooden masts. Four of them had people tied to them, and Calla's stomach did a flip as she saw them all: Padma, Ron, Hermione, and a pale, silvery-haired girl who looked like she must be Fleur's little sister.She swam harder, as Harry's head poked out from behind one of the poles. He raised his hand, reaching out to Calla, who hurried over. "What are you doing?" she mouthed, bubbles dancing from her mouth as her brother handed a sharp rock to her. "Get Ron and Hermione!"He shook his head, holding up a single finger. One. But how were they meant to know who they were to take? Calla went over immediately to Padma, sawing at the thick ropes that bound her; she fell into her arms, a sickly colour. Calla resisted the urge to take her and swim back immediately, but Harry didn't show any signs of leaving. "Come on!" she mouthed to him, and pointed at Ron. "Have you seen Krum?" Harry shook his head; it must have been Cedric who had already been. "He'll get Hermione, won't he?"Harry shook his head again and pointed helplessly to the pale little girl. Calla's stomach twisted; she hated the thought of leaving any of them down here, but they had already taken enough time, and all she wanted to do was to get Padma to safety. And she had faith in Fleur, too, that she would find her sister, and that Krum would do the same for Hermione.So she shook her head and, with Padma secure in her arms, downed another vial of potion to be on the safe side, and pushed off from the silty lake floor and upwards towards the dim, murky light above them. Harry had better hurry up after her, she thought, as he faded from her vision. But she knew he'd be alright; he was Harry, after all.Padma was heavy in her arms but Calla refused to let her slip even the tiniest bit as she kicked furiously back through the water. How long had it been down there? At least the hour they'd been given. And she'd seen no sign of Krum or Fleur on her way back up, and even though she couldn't see much when she looked back, she was sure with a newly sickening feeling in her stomach that Harry was still down there. Waiting.She contemplated going back down; getting Padma safely to the surface and then doubling back before anyone could stop her, but she didn't know if she had enough potion left for that, and she couldn't help but worry that if she tried she'd just be slowing her brother down. Her eyes returned anxiously to Padma, looking sickly and half-dead in her arms and she kicked harder, propelling herself to the surface with all her might even as her head started to pound from the pressure and her chest tightened as she felt the potion start to wear off. She should have brought more, had more, should have prepared for the worst not settled like she had.She struggled her way to the surface and the light with Padma, arms straining from the effort of keeping her friend afloat and her heart thumping not just from the effort of breathing but because, with Padma weighing on her more and more and still no sign of anyone else or her brother, she was beginning to panic. After what felt like an age, she managed to push herself towards the light and burst through the surface of the water, squinting as the sunlit sky burst into full view.Beside her, Padma came up for air and spluttered, Calla holding her up so she didn't fumble and go back under as she dragged her back towards the shore. Cedric was already there with Cho, both sodden and wrapped in towels, and she could see Fleur hurrying over - but the silver haired girl from the bottom of the lake wasn't there with her. No one was. Her gut churned. What was she doing?"Gabrielle," Fleur gasped as Calla reached them. "Is she still down there? My sister!""Y-yes," Calla stammered out, as Dumbledore and Bagman hauled her and Padma out of the water. "She - she - Harry's still down there, he's with her and Ron and Hermione but - but I don't know where Krum is." She looked wildly back towards the lake."They wouldn't let me go back in," Fleur said thickly, knowing exactly what Calla was thinking. Her eyes shone tearfully and panicked. "I said I could, I had to find Gabrielle..." A grim line settled on her lips. "The Grindylows got me.""But..." Calla faltered. She should have stayed, too, should have been there to help Harry and get Gabrielle. But she was sure that Harry would try to bring Gabrielle, too, if he realised Fleur wasn't coming. She just hoped he would manage it."Calla," Dumbledore's voice said. "Madam Pomfrey has blankets for you and Miss Patil.""Harry's still down there," she said in a rush.He nodded in understanding. "He will be alright. For now, we have to get you warmed up.""I have to go help-""You have to stay here," Dumbledore told her sternly. "Not only is it in the rules, but I am not sure that potion of yours will work for another trip."He was right, she knew that. Padma's hand was on her arm, shaking and cold, as Madam Pomfrey came over holding the blankets and tutting and fussing. But Calla couldn't take her eyes off the lake, watching and waiting. Fleur was the same. The pair of them sat down, shivering, and at some point one of them had taken ahold of the other's hand. "They'll be okay," Calla said nervously. "Harry will make sure Gabrielle's okay. I'm sorry, I should have-""There was nothing you should have done," Fleur said with a heavy sigh, "except to save your friend, as you did. It is I who failed. I should have gotten past the Grindylows."The surface of the lake rippled suddenly and Calla leaned forward as there was a great wave and Krum, his head still in a shark form, burst from it, holding a spluttering Hermione. "'Mione!" Calla yelled, leaning forward as Krum and Hermione both hurried over. Hermione was dreadfully pale and slightly green, and she clasped Calla's hand tightly."Is Harry back?" she asked worriedly, looking around. Calla shook her head, panic knotting in her chest. She could see it reflected in Hermione's eyes too as she was hauled up onto the shore, dragged towards Madam Pomfrey. Padma laid her hand on Calla's shoulder."He'll be alright," she said confidently. "He's Harry, isn't he?""Yeah, but..." She trailed off. He was still down there, and she couldn't see him. Closing her eyes desperately, she tried to force her mind clear, to mentally feel her way towards him to see something, anything, but she couldn't."Come on, Harry," she muttered, because she was sure that was all she could do as she stared at the lake.It felt like forever before there was a ripple of movement under the surface of the water. A moment later, Harry, Ron and Flyer's sister appeared, all of them panting and struggling to wade through the water. "Harry!" she cried in relief, while Fleur shrieked for Gabrielle.The three soaking figures waded through the water towards them and Calla didn't breathe easy until Harry was right in front of her. "Jesus, Harry," she muttered as Dumbledore helped pull the three out of the water. "Are you okay?""I'm fine," he said, coughing. Fleur had broken away from Madam Pomfrey, who had been restraining her, and was clutching her little sister tightly."Oh, Gabrielle, I was so worried! It was the Grindylows... They attacked me... I thought... I thought..."Madam Pomfrey came over, holding blankets. "Come on, you two. Miss Potter, put your blanket back on, please." Calla flushed as they were dragged off, over to where the others had all clustered together, and Harry was bundled very tightly in a blanket, having Pepper-Up Potion poured down his throat."Oh, Harry, you did it!" Hermione cried as she bounced over to them, Padma in tow. "You worked it out, all by yourself!""Well-" Harry seemed to hesitate for just a moment, his eyes flicking to Karkaroff, before he said with an unexpected level of confidence, "Yeah, that's right, I did."Calla narrowed her eyes but didn't say anything, not with everyone watching them. "You have a water-beetle in your hair, Herm-own-ninny," Krum said, and it took a long moment for Calla to realise he was talking to Hermione.Hermione didn't pay him much attention, just brushed the beetle impatiently out of her hair - Padma and Calla exchanged interested looks - and said, "But you're well outside the time limit, Harry. Did it take you ages to find us?""No." Harry's cheeks seemed to go red."He was the first to get there, weren't you?" Calla asked and Harry nodded. "He was just being good, he wouldn't leave you and Gabrielle. And a good thing, too." She grinned at her brother. "Even if you did terrify me, taking so long.""Yeah..." Harry said, and Calla followed his drifting gaze over to Dumbledore, who seemed to be having a very in-depth discussion with the mercheiftainness.Calla watched a long moment before Dumbledore stood up and said, "A conference before we award the final marks, I think."He and his fellow judges huddled together a bit away from the champions, and Calla looked anxiously at Padma. Would Harry get in trouble for breaking the rules? Surely not - he was doing it to help Gabrielle, after all. Madam Pomfrey had rescued Ron from his brother Percy, who had been fussing like he was competing with his mother, and then brought Fleur and Gabrielle over to them, shoving Pepper-Up Potions down their throats and wrapping them tightly in thick, heavy blankets. "Look after Gabrielle," Fleur told Pomfrey, and then turned to Harry. "You saved her," she said breathlessly. "Even though she was not your hostage.""Er, well, yeah," Harry said awkwardly, flushing.To Harry's apparent shock, Fleur leant down and swiftly pecked him on each of his cheeks, which immediately turned scarlet, and then turned to Ron and said, "And you - you helped.""Yeah," said Ron, looking rather hopefully at Fleur, "yeah, I suppose, a bit."And then Fleur kissed him too and Calla had to try not to laugh at the look on his face. Hermione looked rather furious and Padma was giggling wildly, but then they were interrupted by Ludo Bagman's voice booming out across the lake, magically amplified and making all of them jump."Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our decision. The Merchieftainess Murcus has informed us of the events that occurred at the bottom of the lake and we have therefore decided to award the marks out of fifty for the champions as follows."Miss Fleur Delacour, though she demonstrated excellent use of the Bubble-Head Charm, was attacked by Grindylows before she could reach her goal and was therefore unable to complete the task and retrieve her hostage. We award her twenty-five points."There was a polite applause from the crowd, but Fleur still looked miserable, even with her sister hanging adoringly onto her and beaming. "I deserved zero points," Fleur said throatily, throwing back her hair and shaking her head."Mr Cedric Diggory, who also demonstrated use of the Bubble-Head Charm, was the first to retrieve his hostage and return her to the shore, though he returned one minute outside of his allocated time of one hour. We therefore award him forty-seven points."There was a mass cheering from the stands, where Calla looked up to see a sea of yellow. She could pick out Zach's face even from here and her stomach twisted uncomfortably as she forced herself to look away, face burning and joined in the applause."Miss Calla Potter demonstrated use of the Counter-Drowning Potion which she brewed herself, as verified by Professor Snape. She was the second to return with her hostage and we therefore award her forty points."Shocked but proud, Calla glowed under the cheers of the crowd and of her brother, who was beaming at her. "Told you you'd do it," Padma whispered, and she just grinned wider, heart burning happily in her chest. Two down, one to go, and she'd come second."Mr Viktor Krum," Bagman went on, "used an incomplete form of Transfiguration which was nevertheless effective. He was the third to return with his hostage and so we award him thirty-five points."The crowd clapped for him, though less than they had for Calla and Cedric. Krum looked a little put out, especially when Hermione grabbed Harry's arm tightly, anticipating his results. "Mr Harry Potter used Gillyweed to great effect," Bagman said. Gillyweed... Calla wracked her brain for Herbology knowledge. How had Harry gotten that one? It must have been in an obscure book because she'd never heard it mentioned in class and she paid very good attention. At least he seemed to have turned over a new leaf when it came to preparing and reading. "While he returned well outside the time limit of an hour, the Merchieftainness informs us he was the first to reach the hostages at the bottom of the lake and returned last due to his determination to return all of the hostages safely, not merely his own."Calla grinned at Harry, though Hermione, Padma and Ron all gave him rather exasperated looks. "Most of the judges-" Bagman threw Karkaroff a nasty look, "feel that this shows moral fibre and merits full marks. However... Mr Potter's score is forty-five points."Calla quickly did the maths in her head; that put Harry and Cedric on equal footing in first place, both with eighty-six points, Krum behind them with seventy-six, her just behind him on sixty-six, and Fleur in last place with fifty-five points. She hadn't gone up in the rankings by much, but she had gone up, and that was the most important part. And there was still one task left. The whole audience seemed to be roaring with applause, and Ron yelled something Calla couldn't hear and Padma grabbed her arm and was beaming, and as they were hustled in a crowd back towards school, Daphne, Isobel and Terry were sprinting towards her, with all the others - even Lisa and Michael - behind them and she beamed, heart all of a sudden very light. Maybe she wasn't going to be first, or win this, but she never thought she would. She had doubted she'd even make it through. But she'd made it this far, and she couldn't stop herself from beaming.

Without the need to brew two nights a week or worry so much about the Tournament, Calla found that the next week went by much better, were it not for one thing. Despite celebrating along with everyone else after the Second Task and half-heartedly joining Isobel's attempts to lead a chorus of "We Are the Champions" in the common room, Daphne had been oddly quiet to both Calla and Padma. Both had an idea of why, though neither was willing to actually say so. And what with Sue's insistence on interviewing Calla and Padma for a piece in the Ravenclaw newsletter (which Daphne had only commented on to say that no one ever read it anyway) and Daphne's newfound enthusiasm for helping to feed hippogriffs with Isobel, the three girls barely had a moment together until Wednesday evening in the dormitory, when Daphne simply walked in, rifled around her drawers for a scarf and swept out of the dorm again, muttering something about going to see Theodore."Let her be mad if she wants," Calla said to Padma, who looked like she was going to either cry right then or run after Daphne and cry there. "It isn't our fault.""But she's upset," Padma said fretfully. "She's upset with me!"Calla sighed, meeting her friend's eyes. "I know. She'll get over it.""What if she doesn't?""She will," Calla said as calmly as she could, even though the idea terrified her, too. "We've been friends for years. That's not the sort of thing that just falls apart because of one thing."Padma still looked worried, but every chance she took to try and speak to Daphne, she was blown off frostily. "If it helps," Terry told them after one such occasion on Friday, she won't tell me what's up either.""Of course she wouldn't tell you," Padma snapped at him. Terry looked taken aback - Padma was rarely snappish. "We know what's wrong, it's just... Calla, explain."Calla did not know how to explain. She deliberated her words for a long moment before sighing. "Can you just tell her to talk to us? Or tell Isobel to tell her to talk to us.""Like I could tell either of them anything," Terry muttered, before shaking his head and hurrying off after Anthony.Padma looked closer to tears than ever. "She's our friend! Why won't she talk to us?""Because she's being ridiculous," Calla said, putting her arm around Padma's shoulders. "For now."Neither Calla nor Padma were really keen on the idea of confronting Daphne, and although Ron said he'd give her a talking to, Harry agreed that she was being totally ridiculous, and Hermione sat with a look of both judgement and consideration, they also knew they had to say something at some point, because after a week and a half of Daphne icing them out, speaking clippedly and stiltedly and looking herself like she was going to either shout or cry, they were all feeling the strain.They found her in the dormitory on Tuesday night, while she was curled up on her bed pretending to read Spellman's Syllabary. Her cheeks were a little blotchy, and she was stroking Matilda's head absently, staring out the dark window. Calla felt the same painful sort of awkwardness she'd felt when trying to speak to Zach about Rita Skeeter and the ball, as she steeled herself, shut the door quietly, and sat down on the edge her bed to look over at Daphne. She and Padma exchanged nervous, uncertain glances, and Padma urged Calla on."What's going on?" she asked quietly.Daphne didn't look up. "Nothing much. What's going on with you two?"Sighing, Calla squeezed her eyes shut and willed herself to just speak."You've been avoiding us," Padma said bluntly."Have I?""Yes. We've all noticed."She smiled fakely. "Well, I'm glad you two have been gossiping about me.""Stop doing that," Calla said softly."What?""Just... That. You don't sound like you.""Don't I?"Calla didn't know what to say or where Daphne was trying to make this go, and her next words were hesitant, "What aren't you telling us?""Nothing," Daphne said. It was too quick to be the truth."Daphne," Calla hesitated over her words, "we've been worried.""You haven't been speaking to me," Padma said in a small voice."Oh, poor Padma." Her voice was sharp, and Padma looked stung by the bitterness. "I'm sure you two don't need me anyway.""What?" Padma's eyes were wide and worried, and Calla could see tears trembling in them."It doesn't matter." She closed her book with a snap, causing Matilda to leap off the bed and nuzzle against Padma's leg. "See, even your cat has a favourite."The words made Calla freeze for a second, they were so bitter. "You - what? Favourite?" Comprehension dawned on Padma, then gave way to confusion. Calla stared between them, frowning. "You think - what, Padma's my favourite or something?"Daphne laughed derisively and without any real humour. "Well clearly someone does." She stood up abruptly but Calla took her hand pleadingly. "I don't care, Calla. It's fine.""If it was fine we wouldn't be having this conversation," Calla said, still slightly bewildered. "Daphne, you know I didn't get to choose who they took? I didn't even know they were going to take a person!""Well the judges still chose her!" Daphne said, eyes swimming. Padma didn't seem to know what to say in response, only frowning in confusion and hurt. "And they're right, because it's always been you two! You two whispering and sharing looks and not telling me what you're talking about! And it's fine, I get it. She's your best friend."Padma looked wounded. "It's not like you don't talk to other people," she said. "You're always hanging around with Izzy or Terry or Anthony!"This only served to make Daphne cry harder. "They're my friends but you - you guys are my best friends and I don't want to drift away from you but it feels like you've made up your mind that that's what's happening!""Of course we haven't!" Calla said. "That's... Completely irrational.""Don't you tell me I'm being irrational!" Daphne cried shrilly, getting to her feet."Daph," Padma said slowly as she pulled her down. "We don't... We want to be your best friends. We are your best friends."The cold calm of Daphne's face cracked as her eyes darted wildly between the pair, almost like she was scared of what she was saying. "I don't even know how to talk to you two.""What do you mean?" Padma asked, worry clouding her face. "You can always talk to us."Daphne shook her head. "I can't. You don't get it. There's all this stuff with Theo, he's been distant ever since the ball and he won't tell me why, and I'm worried about him. And it's just... They all think I'm being stupid, worrying about Muggle Studies." There was a sort of vulnerability drawn in her face that Calla hadn't seen in a long time. "I said to them at the ball - Theo and Pansy and everyone - that, you know, I want to go into Muggle Liaison work, and they just laughed. And it was stupid to say it because I knew they would but it's not - I know I've never been what my parents wanted me to be and I'm scared! Because I'm meant to be with Theo and have a relationship with him and I'm trying but neither of us really want it, and I know that what I do want is - it's never going to happen!""What do you mean?" Calla asked slowly, struggling to take all of that in."It doesn't even matter," Daphne said tiredly, sinking down onto her bed. There were tears glistening against her cheeks."Yes it does," Calla told her, sitting down with her. Padma took the other side, wrapping a tentative arm around Daphne's shoulders."Talk to us," Padma murmured, face creased with worry and care."I just... Want to be me. Whoever that's with and whatever I'm doing, I want to study what I want to study and go where I want to go and believe what I believe. And my parents have been more, I guess, accommodating to me? Once they got over me not being in Slytherin and falling out with Pansy and the others. I'm meant to still be their friend but... I don't even know if I am or if I'm just someone they have to keep around. And my parents, they still wouldn't like it, I don't think, if I did decide to go into working with Muggles. They just want me to be like Astoria, and to just not care and do as I'm told!" She seemed to shudder a little. "But I can't! And no one gets it. It's like - they think that this is just some phase and some hobby and they think that, you know, in a year's time or whatever I'll do my O.W.L.s and then I'll give it up and do what they want me to and I know I have to, and it's what's expected of me, and what's always expected of me. But I don't want it!""Oh, Daph," Calla murmured, pulling her friend in for a hug as her eyes welled. "I'm sorry."She was shocked to hear Daphne's muffled crying on her shoulder. "It's fine," she kept saying, now that she had gotten her words out, as though she thought that would erase them. "I'm fine.""You know you're way more than just someone we have to keep around," Calla told her. "And you always will be and you always should be. Because you're bloody amazing, Daphne.""I don't feel amazing. I feel bloody stupid.""Why?""Because - I don't know! I just do! I shouldn't be crying! I don't cry! I hate crying!""Sometimes you have to cry," Padma's said, stroking her hair. "You have to talk to people.""We both love you, Daphne. Anything you need - that's what best friends are for. It doesn't matter who some teachers think is best to drag to the bottom of a lake. The three of us are best friends. I can't imagine you not being our friend. You know we both love you. It doesn't matter to us what you think you're meant to be, you're our friend no matter what."Daphne let out a loud sob and turned around so she was facing Padma. Without any further warning, she threw her arms around her, crying. "I'm sorry," Daphne said in a rush as she released her. "I'm sorry I haven't been talking to you, I was upset because you're my b-best friends and I was upset that they choose you and not me but-" She sobbed again moving as she dragged Calla into their messy hug. "You're both my best friends too and I love you.""I'm sorry too," Padma said quietly, the words quick to her tongue. "If you were upset-""It wasn't your fault," Daphne said. "I upset you!""Yes, but only because I upset you!""But I shouldn't have been upset!""I'm sorry!" they both said again at the same time. Calla broke into a grin as all three girls leaned in, pressed together."I love you guys," she said quietly. "I hate when we aren't talking."Daphne grabbed her hand, then Padma's. "I know."Padma beamed at her, all prior hurt seeming forgotten so quickly by both girls. "Then let's promise we can always talk to each other, right?"Daphne nodded somewhat shakily, and Calla grinned. "Promise."It was strange, Calla thought, how quickly some friendships could repair themselves. The next day it was as though nothing had ever happened at all - except now Padma and Calla both knew a lot more about Daphne's issues with Theodore, Draco, Pansy, and her family than they had thought existed - and the three girls were already planning a trip to a cafe of Daphne's choice for the Hogsmeade trip on Saturday. Calla wasn't totally sure how this could manage to fix itself while she and Zach still hardly spoke, but she couldn't complain. The sun felt brighter than it had in almost a fortnight.Calla and their friends spent that Thursday evening all sitting up in the boys' dormitory, chatting about the Tournament and the latest non-Tournament-related gossip and classes and how, in Lisa's opinion, it was "entirely unfair" that Calla didn't have to sit end of year exams. "I think the Tournament would be hard enough," Daphne said. "Calla could beat those exams any day, anyway."Calla flushed. "You know I couldn't.""With the amount of work you've been putting into the Tournament? You totally could.""Well," Terry said, "I'm nervous about the exams. I'm still wretched with Switching Spells, and I have no idea about antidotes.""You do so," Isobel told him, rolling her eyes. "At least you haven't made another cauldron blow up.""Yeah, but that's because you wanted it to," Padma pointed out."No, I just wanted to see what would happen if I added extra Bubotuber Pus. And I found out!""You're all ridiculous," said Lisa. "All of you.""Oh, Lisa, you're so sweet." Lisa glared at Calla half-heartedly and she grinned."Listen," Anthony said suddenly, sitting up from where he'd been lounging on his bed, "I reckon we've all something we're struggling with. And there's only a year and a half until the O.W.L.s. I still haven't seen anything except fog in a crystal ball.""To be fair, I don't think most of us have," Padma admitted with a slight scowl. She'd said to Calla already that she would have dropped it if she didnt feel bad about leaving Calla to Ron and Harry, who unlike Padma, weren't even really trying to See anymore. "Except Calla, of course.""Yeah, except I can't do anything but Divination.""Oh, do shut up," Sue told her. "You're not bad at Ancient Runes, or Potions. Look at what you did in the Second Task. I'm the one who needs help, did you see McGonagall's face when I turned that hedgehog into a pufferfish? I thought she was going to murder me!""Exactly," Anthony said, and everyone stared at him. He flushed. "Well, no, not - not exactly... We're all crap at something, aren't we? And we actually all did pretty well that time we were helping Calla before the First Task. So we were thinking - Terry and I - we might as well do it again. Terry's brilliant at History, Michael at Ancient Runes, I'm not bad at Herbology. Sue, we all know you're great at Potions, Calla's practically made for Divination, Daphne is excellent at Charms and Muggle Studies, Padma, you know loads about Transfiguration... We've all got something we can contribute, right? So I thought, it'd make sense if we pool our knowledge. And once Calla, you know what your next task is, we can help you practice again!" He was grinning like he'd thought of the best idea in the world. "It works for everyone!""Well," Lisa said, "I suppose I am pretty good at Arithmancy." Even Daphne didn't laugh, though she did exchange an amused look with Calla. "I say it's a decent enough idea, if we all contribute equally." She seemed to be looking at Michael as she said this, before her eyes turned to Calla. Calla glared back until she looked away. "I say we do it. I'm sure Flitwick will help us find somewhere again, where we can all practice.""Why do I have a feeling this is going to go terrible wrong?" Daphne muttered to Calla, who shook her head."I think it could work," she whispered back. Then she said, louder, "I will have to work it around my schedule-""Yes, Calla's in very high demand.""Shut up, Lisa.""But," Calla said loudly over the two of them, "yeah. I'll do it. I mean, I don't really know how to help with Divination, but I can try, and I guess there are other things I'm alright at, too.""Well, then I suppose we'll do it, too," Padma said. "We would have been helping Calla anyway, after all."They exchanged smiles, as the other girls all nodded. "Perfect," said Anthony proudly. "How about we try to find somewhere this weekend, I'll ask Flitwick if we can use his classroom. We could start on Monday?"Michael was the only one who looked slightly like he was going to protest, but didn't dare when all the others were in agreement. "Monday, then," Mandy said, and took out her diary to carefully pencil it in next to Frog Choir rehearsal. "You had all better be helpful. I don't want to fail the Runes final again."XxOn that Friday morning, a ruffled and rather resentful looking owl landed in the Great Hall in front of Calla, holding a letter out to her before flying away as far as its wings could carry it.Well done on the second task, the letter read. Sirius and I are coming to visit you on Saturday on your next Hogsmeade visit. Meet us outside the Three Broomsticks pub at two o'clock. RemusIt was short, but Calla got the point. She folded the letter and stuffed it in her pocket; looking across the hall, she could see Harry had gotten a letter of his own, likely Sirius telling him the same thing. "What does it say?" Padma asked, turning around, but at that moment Daphne let out a gasp of surprise and was thrusting a glossy magazine in front of their faces."What's this?" Calla asked."You really read Witch Weekly?" Padma asked Daphne, wrinkling her nose."Yes, that's not the point. Look at the article." She folded the page over and Calla stared in shock at the headline.HARRY POTTER'S SECRET HEARTACHE"His what?" she said, quite bewildered, her eyes combing the article.A boy like no other, perhaps - yet a boy suffering all the usual pangs of adolescence. Deprived of love since the tragic demise of his parents, left only with his long-suffering sister for company, fourteen-year-old Harry Potter thought he had finally found solace in his steady-going girlfriend at Hogwarts, Muggle-born Hermione Granger. Little did he know that he would soon be suffering another emotional blow in a life already littered with personal loss. Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to have developed a taste for famous wizards that Harry Potter cannot satiate. Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Viktor Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the Quidditch World Cup, Miss Granger has been toying with both boys' affection. Krum, who is openly smitten with affection for the young girl, had already asked her to join him at his home in Bulgaria over the summer holidays and insists that he has 'never felt this way about any other girl'.However, it may not be Miss Granger's doubtful natural charms which have captured these two unfortunate boys' interests.'She's really ugly,' says Pansy Parkinson, a pretty and vivacious girl fourth-year student, 'but she'd be well up to making a Love Potion, she's quite brainy. I think that's how she's doing it.'Love Potions are of course banned at Hogwarts, and no doubt Albus Dumbledore will want to investigate these claims. In the meantime, Harry Potter's well-wishers hope that, in the meantime, he will choose to bestow his heart on a more worthy candidate."That bitch," Padma said, glowering at the article. "What's Hermione done to her?" She looked at Calla. "What have either of you done, or does she just like to make people miserable?"She pointed her wand at the magazine and it promptly burst into flames, crumbling to ash on the table. "There were some really good hair tips-" Daphne broke off her protestation at the look on Padma's face. "No, you're right.""Thank you." Padma shook her head. "That thing's a rag, anyway, if they've got Skeeter writing that rubbish for them. First Harry, and then Calla, and Hagrid and now Hermione." She fixed Daphne with a cold look. "And I take it you saw what Parkinson said?"Daphne's cheeks reddened; she did look shocked. "I had no idea she'd..." She shook her head. "I can't believe them. I just don't get the point of it." She glanced over at Lisa and Mandy, who were both also poring over their copies of Witch Weekly."If you ask me," said Luna Lovegood's dreamy voice from behind, making Calla jump, "that thing's all nonsense. Daddy says Rita Skeeter's been possessed by a gossiping gulpee. We only print the truth at the Quibbler." Then she smiled innocently and skipped away and Calla stared after her."Well," Daphne said after an awkward moment, getting to her feet, "we should get to Herbology early. I need a word with some people."She left the Great Hall so quickly that Calla and Padma had to scramble to follow her, hurrying out the door and down the path. A cluster of Slytherins were already stood outside of the greenhouse, huddled around something which Calla was sure must be Witch Weekly. Millicent Bulstrode cackled loudly as Parkinson whispered something to her and Rhea Flint, who laughed loudly and mimed buck-teeth."Pansy!" Daphne yelled across the grounds, stalking down over the hill. Parkinson turned, seemingly startled, as did Malfoy who was standing nearby with Crabbe and Goyle."Ah, Daphne," Pansy greeted with a smile, "seen the article yet?""What were you thinking?" Daphne shouted to her. "What's Hermione ever done to you?"Parkinson sneered. Calla saw Flint back away, towards the other girls who were all watching Daphne and Parkinson nervously. "Let's see. She's a brat, she's a Gryffindor, and she's a Mudblood.""She's my friend," Daphne said sternly and Parkinson laughed."Don't be ridiculous, Daphne. Just because you've got your weird little obsession with Muggles doesn't make them your friends.""Shut up," Daphne snarled, hand going to her wand. "You don't know anything, Pansy. Just because you don't care about Muggles doesn't mean we're all as close-minded."Parkinson's eyes hardened, and Malfoy came over to her side, eyeing Daphne. "Careful," he warned her, "you might start sounding like a Blood Traitor. Though I suppose..." Hi: eyes flickered to Calla. "It might be too late for that.""You're going to apologise," Daphne said coldly, even though her voice shook a little, "to Hermione.""Granger?" Parkinson cackled."Yes. Hermione. And you're going to shut up about my friends. I thought the two of you might have matured a little, but you haven't. And you're wrong, you know. About everything. About Muggleborns and Muggles, all of it."Malfoy and Parkinson both laughed, but Calla could see their eyes flicker to her, to the way she and Padma both stood behind Daphne, hands instinctively on their wand. "What's it to you, Daphne?""It was lies, and you know it. More than that, it was mean.""Did it hurt little Granger's feelings?" Parkinson mocked worry. "Oh, I'm so sorry."Calla could feel her face heat up in embarrassment and anger; Padma placed a steadying and on her shoulder. "Say it like you mean it," Daphne muttered. "Both of you. I'm not - I'm not letting you hurt my friends anymore just because you think you're better than them.""We're your friends, Daphne," said Malfoy in a low voice. "Or have you forgotten your place? Do you want to live with the Muggles?"Daphne seemed to falter for a second. "Leave them alone," she said finally, and then turned on her heel and stalked away to the other end of the greenhouse. Calla and Padma exchanged glances and then hurried after her, glaring at Malfoy and Parkinson as they went."Don't listen to them," Padma said. "Don't."Daphne stewed quietly all throughout Herbology, and when they reached History of Magic, which they shared with Gryffindor, was in quite a temper. "Hermione," she said lowly as they all filed inside, "you haven't been reading Witch Weekly, have you?"Hermione just stared at her, which was all the confirmation Calla needed. She sighed and gave Harry a worried look. "There's... Skeeter's written an article about you, and Harry, and Viktor Krum.""She's done what?" Harry spluttered."Let's see it then," Hermione said, quite defiantly. "What nonsense has she managed to cook up for me?"She looked at Daphne expectantly. "Padma burned my copy.""It was garbage, anyway.""Oh, brilliant," Hermione huffed, but Padma had already managed to procure a copy from her sister and her friends and showed it to her."You ought to see it before you see the Slytherins," she told her, and Ron and Harry exchanged wary glances as they read."I told you you should be careful," Ron hissed to Hermione once they were done. "They've painted you out to be some - some sort of - scarlet woman!"Hermione giggled shrilly. "Scarlet woman?""It's what my mum calls them," Ron muttered, cheeks red, and Calla and Daphne both laughed."Well, if that's the best she can do..." She handed the magazine back over to Padma, who gave it to Parvati. "It's a load of old rubbish."Calla thought that might have been the end of it as they took their seats together. Professor Binns started his lecture before everyone had even sat down, and they took to taking notes - or, in Calla's case, finishing off some Ancient Runes homework and drawings. They were about ten minutes in when Hermione whispered suddenly to Harry and Ron, "There is something funny about this. I don't see how Rita Skeeter could know all of this.""Know what?" Ron asked quickly, and rather loudly. Lisa and Mandy both turned around to glare at him and he went red. "You haven't been making up Love Potions, have you?"Daphne snorted from behind them. "Don't be stupid," Hermione huffed. "No, it's just... how did she know he asked me to visit him over the Summer?" She flushed bright red as she said this. "After he'd got rid of his shark head, Madam Pomfrey gave us both blankets and then he pulled me away from the judges so that he could speak to me." Calla nodded, remembering. "So they wouldn't hear. And then he said to me, that if I wasn't doing anything over the Summer, would I like to-""And what did you say?" Ron demanded. Calla glared at him as Hermione flushed even harder."And he did say he'd never felt the same way about any other girl before," she admitted, "but how could Skeeter have heard him? She wasn't there... or was she? Maybe she could have used an Invisibility Cloak... maybe she snuck into the grounds to see the Second Task...""And what did you say?" Ron asked, voice harsher this time. Padma muttered something to Daphne and rolled her eyes."Well, I didn't really get time to answer because then you came out of the water with Harry and I was too preoccupied with that to reply. But I don't know how Skeeter..."She trailed off. "I've been thinking about that too," Calla admitted in a whisper. "The conversations between me and Zach and Hagrid and Maxime happened on the same night at the Yule Ball but she wasn't there. And if she had been, there was that conversation between Snape and Karkaroff, too... But she didn't say anything about that... But I don't know how she'd get close enough to hear and we wouldn't realise-""Can you please shut up, Potter?" Lisa finally snapped, turning around. "Your voice is annoying me."Daphne stuck out her tongue at Lisa and Calla rolled her eyes. "I don't care, Lisa," she whispered tiredly, but she stopped talking anyway; everyone had turned to look at them except for Binns, and her cheeks burned for the rest of the lesson.Still, she couldn't get what Hermione had said out of her head. It seemed Skeeter must have been hanging around the school to get her information, but no one had seen her - that meant there must be someone feeding her information, like a mole. But who could have overheard all of those conversations? She couldn't think of anyone, which frustrated her deeply. Skeeter had to be doing something to get all this information... But what? Calla found her mind spiralling as she thought of every recent conversation, every worry she'd had over the past few months. She thought of Daphne and the worried she'd confessed, she thought of the nights she spent with Trelawney and Dumbledore sharing her frustrations and her visions, and felt suddenly sick. The articles Skeeter had already published had been bad enough, but how much more might she know?

By the end of breakfast on Saturday morning, Anthony had managed to persuade Flitwick to let them use an empty Charms classroom for their 'study group' provided that they all gave their assurances that they wouldn't cheat on essays or help Calla to cheat in the Tournament, which they all promised quickly. "Not like I can cheat when I don't even know what I might have to do," Calla muttered over breakfast, looking along the table at Fleur, who was talking rather dejectedly to her Beauxbatons friends. None of the champions had had any more information about the Third Task."Thought you would have Seen it, Potter," Lisa said, raising her eyebrows."Yeah, well, it doesn't seem to be as convenient as that unfortunately." She ate her toast with a scowl, and was glad when Daphne and Padma decided they ought to get on their way to Hogsmeade.It was still cold outside, no matter how the sun tried to peak through the clouds, and Calla had a Ravenclaw bobble hat pulled firmly over her ears as they set off. She had arranged to meet Harry, Remus and Sirius outside the Three Broomsticks later in the afternoon, but beforehand she and Padma had grudgingly agreed to go with Daphne to Madam Pudifoot's tea shop - they had invited Isobel along too, but she had flat out refused, on the grounds that it was far too girly."Isn't this a spot for couples?" Calla asked as they stood outside, thinking of seeing Zach in there with another girl. It was stupid to be upset about in the circumstances, but she still really didn't want to see anything of the sort."No," Daphne said rather defensively, "Astoria said it's cute and does good hot chocolate."Calla sighed as they went in, though she couldn't deny the shop looked nice, if in a rather overbearing way. The walls were all a pretty shade of soft pink, some with little white flowers painted on, and there were soft cushions over cozy-looking armchairs. But there were an awful lot of couples. She and Padma both exchanged rather uncomfortable glances. This was not the best location for the three of them, even if Daphne didn't know why."I'll get the hot chocolate," Daphne said, immediately going to join the line at the counter. "You two find a table.""This is..." Padma said, looking around as they sat down."Cute," Calla said, and Padma giggled tightly."That's one way of saying it. I'm surprised Parvati isn't in here.""You never know," Calla said, and shrugged. "I just hope the hot chocolate is as good as Daphne says it's meant to be.""It better be," Padma said, and looked around with an exaggerated shudder. "I'm not sacrificing my eyes for second rate hot chocolate.""The waitress says she'll be round in ten minutes, they're really busy." Daphne dropped into the seat next to Calla. "So, what do you think? It's nice, isn't it? A bit extreme, but it is nice. It's good to be somewhere that isn't the common room, anyway." She shuddered. "Did you see the pigeon?""The what?" Calla asked, bewildered."Last night, when the pigeon came in. It got its dropping all over Lisa's homework, didn't you hear her moaning about it."In truth, Calla had been with Dumbledore most of the night before, honing her mental walls and Occlumency, and while last night's vision had been far more mundane - simple foray through the woods where she had encountered some centaurs - she'd still been exhausted when she got back to her dormitory and hadn't really paid attention. "Why was there a pigeon?""One of the sixth years brought it in to see if it would deliver her mail because her owl was ill," Padma explained. "I think it might have been Clarissa Rund. It didn't work, anyway. Then one of the second years tried to turn it into an owl, which is well beyond second year capability, and... well, I'm not sure quite what he did...""He had to go to the Hospital Wing, anyway," Daphne said, and Calla stared."How come all the exciting stuff happens when I'm away?"Daphne scoffed. "Like your lessons with Dumbledore aren't exciting.""Well, they're not, really," Calla said quietly. "And keep your voice down, not everyone needs to know about it.""Why? There's nothing wrong with it. It's cool.""Yes, but I'd just rather it was kept on the down low," Calla said, cheeks prickling uncomfortably. Sometimes Daphne's pushing really got to her, especially on things she wasn't willing to give. But in the light of everything that had happened recently, she was hardly going to argue with her about any of it."Alright then," Daphne said with a shrug, and gave Padma a look which Padma did not, to Calla's relief, reciprocate. "But anyway, Lisa's now writing a petition to Flitwick to get birds banned from the main school building. I don't think it'll work, but I suppose she's doing her best.""I think this is the last straw," Padma said, "she's been bothered by your owl for years, but now she can take action.""Well, she can't get rid of Moony," Calla said determinedly. "He's mine, and he won't listen to instructions not to come into the castle anyway. She'll just have to deal with it.""Well said." Daphne grinned. "Now, I was talking to Isobel, right, and she was telling me Terry said he thinks Michael Corner might be talking to Ginny Weasley."Calla looked at her blankly. "Well, yeah. Why wouldn't they talk?""You knew?""I mean, I didn't know," Calla said, very confused, "but... why wouldn't they speak? They're friends.""Not like that," Daphne said, exasperatedly, as their three hot chocolates arrived. "They're talking talking." Calla stared at her. "Courting. Flirting.""Oh," Calla said as it dawned on her. "Well that wasn't very obvious.""Merlin," Daphne muttered, smiling as she shook her head, "Izzy was right, you can be so oblivious at times.""Oblivious?"Daphne waved a hand. "If you know, you know. Anyway, do you think it's true?""What do you mean I'm oblivious?""I can't tell you! You have to work it out for yourself!""But I'm... I'm not oblivious." She turned to Padma, who just shrugged."I don't know what she's talking about either," she said, and Daphne huffed. "You're quite oblivious too, Daphne."It hit Calla immediately what she was alluding to and she had to take a quick, scalding sip of hot chocolate to avoid laughing. "What about?" Daphne demanded."If you know, you know," Padma quipped, and Calla snorted, accidentally inhaling some of her drink. She promptly started choking, her eyes streaming, as Daphne thumped her on the back and Padma giggled."Merlin, Calla, calm down! You can't drown now!"That only made her start laughing, which made her choke more, and it took several minutes to fully recover even though it hadn't really been all that funny. It was nice, Calla thought, as the three of them settled into cheerful gossip about their fellow students and debate about their class work, to just be a normal student for a little while. By the time two o'clock came around, she had a rather heavy heart as she left them - they promised to get her plenty of sugar quills when they met Isobel, Terry and Anthony in Honeydukes - to wait outside the Three Broomsticks for Harry, Remus and Sirius.Remus and Sirius were already there when she arrived, and she hugged them both quickly. "That was very well done at the Second Task, from what my sources tell me," said Remus with a grin. "I take it the potion worked?""Yeah," Calla said, beaming at the praise, "I had to have a few attempts, like I told you in my letters, but it worked out in the end, and it was better than I'd hoped.""Good, good," Sirius said briskly. "Seen your brother anywhere?""He's probably running late," Calla said, rolling her eyes. "Did you know he was very nearly late for the Second Task? I think he must have stayed up all night studying, which he's very obviously never done before." She shook her head. "He left it all to the last minute, as usual, but he managed to get some Gillyweed and it must have been effective because he managed to stay down there ages past the time limit.""Ah, yes," Sirius said, smiling, "we heard about that. It was a bit foolish to hang about, but-""He was making sure Gabrielle was safe," Calla said sternly, and Sirius blinked at her in surprise before he grinned."Oh, I know, I know. Moral fibre.""Yes," Calla said primly. "He did well." She squinted along the street. "See, here he comes now."Ron and Hermione were with him, each holding bags. "You took your time," Calla muttered to Harry as he arrived."Yeah, I know. We were getting socks.""Socks?" Calla stared at him. "Really?""For Dobby," Harry said, and then lowered his voice, "for helping me with the Second Task.""What d'you mean?" she whispered back as the group of them set off towards the outskirts of the village, where it was quieter. "You didn't say he helped you.""Yeah," Harry said, looking away awkwardly. "Well, I was struggling a bit the night before-""Because you kept putting it off?""And - and Dobby appeared and woke me up when I was almost late and he - he gave me the Gillyweed.""He did?" Calla asked, rather louder than intended. Harry shushed her hastily, as Remus and Sirius looked round confusedly. "But that's - Harry, that's cheating!""Would you rather I'd drowned, Calla?""Well, no, obviously not," she hissed back, prodding him in the side. "But you should have been on top of it! You should have done it yourself! I can't believe you!""It's done now," her brother muttered as they turned the corner out of the village, "it doesn't matter, does it?""Of course it matters!" Calla whispered. "I was working on that potion for months, Harry, months! And you just have a house elf turn up ten minutes before the task and suddenly you've got all the answers and you score higher than me without even putting in any work!""I don't ask for Dobby to-" Harry started, but Calla had already stormed on ahead to join Remus and Sirius, who looked at her curiously. Her cheeks were flushed with anger."Everything alright?" Remus asked her concernedly, looking between Calla and Harry, who was muttering to Ron and Hermione some way behind her. Ron was shaking his head, but Hermione at least looked a little disagreeable."Harry's an idiot," she muttered by way of reply, "but I knew that already.""Whatever he's done," Remus said with a sigh, "I'm sure he didn't mean to-""No," Calla said, "he didn't mean to do anything. It just happens and everything falls into his lap and it's all so easy!" She crossed her arms angrily and despite Remus and Sirius' looks, and the others' hushed whisperings behind her, didn't say anything else until they reached a small, secluded spot by some trees and Hermione laid down a very large picnic blanket."So what brings the two of you here?" Harry asked once they'd settled down."Well, we wanted to speak to you after the Second Task, of course," said Sirius. "But especially after your last letter, Harry. And while we're no closer to finding Peter, things are... getting fishier. You've been reading the Daily Prophet?""A little," Calla said, nodding. "Daphne has a subscription."Sirius nodded at her. "Good. You ought to be staying on top of the news. Here." He brought from his pocket a few folded up, yellowing copies of the paper from the last few months. "I don't think we're the only ones who're worried."Calla combed the headlines; two she'd read, one she hadn't. Mystery Illness of Bartemius Crouch; Ministry Witch Still Missing, Minister for Magic Now Personally Involved; The Fruitless Hunt for Peter Pettigrew; Fudge on the Outs?"They're making it sound like he's dying," Harry said as he read the article about Crouch. "But he can't be that ill if he managed to make it up here.""My brother Percy's Crouch's personal assistant, remember," Ron said to Remus and Sirius, "he says he's suffering from overwork.""Mind you, he did look ill the last time I saw him, up close," Harry said, looking at Calla, "remember, when our names came out of the goblet?""I think I was too preoccupied to notice," Calla muttered, thinking back to her terror that night."Getting his comeuppance for sacking Winky, isn't he?" Hermione said coldly. "Bet he feels the difference now she isn't there to look after him.""Hermione's obsessed with House-Elves now," Ron informed Remus and Sirius now."Crouch sacked his house elf?""Remember, we told you," Calla said, glancing between Remus and Sirius, "the night at the Quidditch World Cup when... you know...""Of course," Remus said, frowning. "This is the elf that stole Harry's wand?""Winky didn't steal that wand!" Hermione interjected shrilly."The elf that was accused of stealing Harry's wand," Remus corrected himself gently, with a nod at Hermione."The elf wasn't the only one around, after all," Sirius said. "You said you'd seen her in the Top Box, Yes?""She was saving Crouch a seat," Harry said."Only he didn't show up.""Which, if you ask me, is a terrible way to treat an elf who was so terrified of heights!""There were loads of people in the Top Box, though," Calla pointed out, frowning. "Anyone could have taken Harry's wand, couldn't they?""Yeah," Harry said, "there were the Bulgarian Ministers... and Fudge... and the Malfoys...""I'll bet it was the Malfoys!" Ron cried enthusiastically. "I bet it was Lucius Malfoy!""Anyone else?" asked Sirius, frowning at this detail."No," Harry said."There was Bagman," Calla corrected, a little harsher than perhaps she had ought to."Ludo Bagman?" Remus asked, and she nodded. "Well, all I know about him is he used to play Beater for the Wimborne Wasps. Always seemed like a good man.""He's alright," Harry said. "He keeps offering to help me with the Tournament.""Does he now?" Sirius asked, frowning further. "Why would he do that?""Beats me," Calla muttered. "He's hardly so much as looked at me."She didn't miss Ron and Hermione exchange a look. "He says he's taken a liking to me," Harry said shortly. "I don't know.""We did see him in the forest," Hermione said, "just before the Dark Mark was conjured.""Yeah, but he left, didn't he?" Calla said. "The second we told him about the riot, he Apparated away to go and help at the campsite.""How d'you know?" Hermione shot back at her, and Calla startled a little. "How d'you know where he Disapparated to?""Well, I don't, but I don't think he conjured the Dark Mark. It wasn't even his voice.""I think it was more likely to be him than it was Winky. And why else would he be helping Harry?""Well, I'm not going to know, am I?" She frowned, and saw Harry give her a critical look, which she furiously ignored."Told you she's obsessed with house elves," Ron muttered, and Hermione looked like she was going to retort before Remus held up a hand and Sirius spoke."And when the Mark was conjured and Winky was found holding Harry's wand, what did Crouch do?""Went to look in the bushes," Harry said, "but there wasn't anyone there.""Course... Of course, he'd want to blame it on anyone but his own elf... But then he sacked her?"They all nodded. "Yes," Hermione said in a heated voice. "He sacked her because she hadn't stayed in her tent and let herself get trampled!""Hermione, will you give it a rest with the elf!""She's right though," Calla muttered. "It wasn't very fair, was it?"Sirius shook his head. "Hermione's got the measure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. If you want to know what a man's like, take a look at how he treats his inferiors rather than his equals... All these unexplained absences of Crouch's, they're very odd. Asks his house elf to save him a seat at the Quidditch Cup then doesn't show up at the match, goes to all the trouble organising the Triwizard Tournament but then stops coming to that as well... It's not like Crouch. If he's ever taken a day off work before this because of illness, I'll eat Buckbeak.""Do you know Crouch, then?""He used to be Head of Magical Law Enforcement for a time," said Remus, "during the war. He...""He sent me to Azkaban without a trial," Sirius finished for him, and Calla withheld a gasp. That was why she recognised the name. And now he was one of the wizards in charge of looking for Pettigrew, but hadn't gotten anywhere... And his house elf had been involved at the cup, and with everything that was going on... It was all starting to sound very suspicious. Of course, if he had given Sirius a trial everyone would have known the identity of Voldemort's spy... She furrowed her brow, thinking. Could Crouch be up to something? Maybe he wasn't investigating Snape because he thought he was using dark magic... maybe he was trying to use it himself, and didn't want anyone to know."He was tipped as Minister for Magic for a time," Sirius was continuing on, though Calla hardly hear him, "he's a great wizard, Barty Crouch, magically powerful but very power hungry. Oh, never a Voldemort supporter," he added hastily, glancing between Harry and Calla, who flushed. "No, Barty Crouch was always very outspoken against the Dark Arts. But then a lot of people who were against the Dark side in those days... well, you wouldn't understand... you're too young...""That's what my dad said at the World Cup," said Ron, bristling. "Try us, why don't you?"A grin flashed across Sirius' face but Remus gave him a careful look. "Are you-""Alright," Sirius said, cutting him off, "I'll try you, then... Imagine this. It's the war again. Voldemort's powerful now. You don't know who his supporters are, you don't know who is working for him and who isn't, you know he can make people do things without them ever knowing that they've done them or being able to stop themselves. You're scared for yourself, your family, your friends...""Sirius," Remus said."Every week, more news comes in, more deaths, more disappearances, more torturing... The Ministry Of Magic's in disarray, they don't know what to do, they're trying to keep everything from the Muggles, and meanwhile they're the ones dying without a clue why. Terror, everywhere... panic... confusion... That's how it used to be."Well, times like that bring out the best in some people and the worst in others. Crouch's principles might've been good in the beginning - I wouldn't know. He rose quickly through the Ministry, and he started ordering very harsh measures against Voldemort's supporters. The Aurors were given new powers - powers to kill rather than capture, for instance." He and Remus exchanged a significant glance. Remus sighed as Sirius went on. "And I wasn't the only one who was handed straight to the dementors without trial. Crouch thought the best way forward was to fight violence with violence; he authorized the use of the Unforgivable Curses against suspects. I would say he became as ruthless and cruel as many on the Dark Side."He had his supporters, mind you - plenty of people thought he was going about things the right way, and there were a lot of witches and wizards who wanted him to take over as Minister of Magic. When Voldemort disappeared, it looked like only a matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But then something rather unfortunate happened..." Sirius smiled grimly. Calla frowned, waiting for his next words."Crouch's own son was caught with a group of Death Eaters who'd managed to talk their way out of Azkaban. Apparently they were trying to find Voldemort and return him to power.""Crouch's son was captured?" Hermione asked, looking disbelieving."Yep." Sirius nodded."But that's terrible. What - what did he do?""Sent him to Azkaban of course.""His own son?" Hermione spluttered. "No!""Was he really a Death Eater?""I don't know," Sirius said. "I was in Azkaban myself when he was brought in..."He glanced at Remus, who nodded. "Not everyone agreed on the matter at the time, of course. But Crouch - well, no one, really - could deny that the company he was found in were most likely Death Eaters. And Crouch, well...""Didn't he try and get his son off?" Hermione asked.Sirius laughed harshly. "Crouch, try and get his son off? Oh, no, no. It had all tarnished his reputation enough already. It had to go; anything that got in his way of becoming Minister for Magic-""Even if it was wrong?" Calla asked with an angry edge to her voice. "Did he even give him a trial?""Yes," Sirius said, somewhat bitterly, "yes, his fatherly affections stretched just far enough for that. But by all accounts, it wasn't much more than an excuse for Crouch to show just how much he hated the boy. Then he sent him straight to Azkaban.""But that's horrid," Calla said with a shudder. "To think..." To think what? Barty Crouch's son could well have been a Death Eater, and if he had been trying to bring Voldemort to life, it was a good thing he was locked up. And he was at least treated somewhat fairer than Sirius, who was innocent and had had no trial."He gave his own son to the Dementors," Hermione said quietly."That's right," said Sirius. "I saw the Dementors bringing him in, watched through the bars in my cell door. He couldn't have been more than nineteen." There was something funny in his voice.Remus said quietly, "Sirius," but Sirius shook his head determinedly."No, no, Remus." He took a breath again. "They took him into a cell near mine. He was screaming for his mother by nightfall. He went quiet after a few days, though... They all went quiet after a while... Apart from when they were shrieking in their sleep..."Calla shuddered as Sirius trailed off. Even the memory of the Dementors last year was enough to make her nauseous. "So he's still in Azkaban?" Harry asked."No, no," Sirius said quietly, "he died about a year after they brought him in.""He died?""Most do. They stop eating by the end, driven mad. They lose the will to live. You can always tell when a death is coming, the Dementors get all excited." That was horrid, Calla thought, wrapping her coat tighter around her shoulders and shivering slightly. "The boy was already sickly when he arrived. Crouch being a high-ranking Ministry member, he and his wife were allowed to visit the boy towards the end. That was the last time I saw Barty Crouch, carrying his wife past my cell. She died herself, apparently, shortly after." He looked to Remus as if for confirmation; Remus nodded. "Grief. Wasted away just like that. Crouch never came for his son's body. I watched the Dementors bury him outside."The thought made Calla feel sick. She took a sip from one of the bottles of lemonade by her, shivering. Remus gave her a worried look, but she smiled tersely back at him. "So old Crouch lost it all," Sirius said, "just when he thought he had it made. One moment a hero, poised to become Minister for Magic, the next, his wife dead, his son dead and the family name disgraced. And, according to Remus, a big dip in popularity. Once the boy had died, people started feeling more sympathetic towards him. Started asking how a young lad from such a good family had gone so badly astray. The conclusion was the the father had never cared for him much. Cornelius Fudge got the top job, and Crouch got shunted sideways into International Magical Co-Operation.""But Fudge is under pressure now, isn't he?" Calla said quietly, deliberating. "The job might not be filled for much longer.""What are you saying?" Harry asked, frowning. "You think Crouch is going to go for the job again?""Maybe. I mean, he's organised the Cup and the Tournament, but..." She trailed off, not really sure where she was going with this. "I mean, they have all gone wrong, haven't they? He might be trying to, I don't know, pin it on Fudge? Move himself into position.""I don't think so," Remus said quietly, "not if he's behaving like this. He would be out there, rallying support, not avoiding public and work at every opportunity.""I suppose," Calla admitted, frowning."Moody says Crouch is obsessed with finding Dark wizards," Harry said."Yeah, I've heard it's become something of a mania with him," Sirius said, nodding grimly. "But if you ask me, I think Calla might be onto something. He might be hoping to try and bring a bit of the old popularity back by catching one more Dark wizard.""And he snuck up here to investigate Snape's office!" Ron said triumphantly, looking at Hermione and Calla."Yeah, and that doesn't make sense at all," said Sirius, frowning."Yeah it does!" Ron protested."No," Remus said, also frowning, "think about it, Ron. If Crouch wanted to keep an eye on Snape, then why wouldn't he come to the Tournament? It would be the perfect opportunity, wouldn't it?""So do you two think Snape's up to something, too?" Harry asked quickly."Look, I don't care what you say," Hermione broke in, "Dumbledore trusts Snape!""Oh, come off it, Hermione," Ron scoffed. "Yeah, Dumbledore's brilliant and everything, but that doesn't mean a powerful enough Dark wizard couldn't fool him.""Well, then why did Snape save Harry's life in first year rather than let him die? And then why's he let Calla use his classroom to brew when he could just let her fail?""I dunno - maybe he thought Dumbledore would find him out.""He did say he was only helping me because Dumbledore said the teachers had to support the champions.""Whose side are you on?" Hermione demanded, and Calla shrugged innocently."I'm just laying out the facts.""What d'you think, Remus? Sirius?" Harry asked loudly, giving Calla and Hermione sharp looks."I think they've both got a point," said Sirius. "Ever since I found out Snape was teaching here, I wondered why Dumbledore would hire him. He was always mixed up in the Dark Arts, even when we were at Hogwarts. He was famous for it at school. Slimy, oily, greasy-haired-""Sirius...""That's what he was, Remus. You know the sort of company he kept. And he knew more curses when he arrived at school than half the seventh years put together, and he was a part of a gang of Slytherins that nearly all turned out to be Death Eaters."Rosier and Wilkes - they were killed the year before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges, they're a married couple, both locked up in Azkaban." Calla recognised that name; she frowned at Remus, trying to recall it. "Avery - from what I hear, he wormed his way out of trouble by claiming he was under and Imperius Curse. But as far as I know, Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater, not that that means much. Plenty of them were never caught. And Snape's certainly clever and cunning enough to keep himself out of trouble.""Snape knows Karkaroff pretty well, but he wants to cover that up," Ron said."Yeah," Harry said, starting to speak very quickly, "you should have seen his face when Karkaroff turned up in Potions yesterday!""He what?" Calla asked sharply. "You didn't say anything about that!""Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape," Harry explained, "he said there was something Snape needed to see. He says Snape's been avoiding him, he looked really worried. He showed Snape something on his arm, but I couldn't get a good look at what it was.""On his arm?" Sirius asked, frowning. "Well, I can't think what that might be... But if Karkaroff's genuinely worried, and he's going to Snape for answers...""Daphne said," Calla started quietly, and everyone looked at her, "that the Dark Mark - you know, his mark - that some of the Death Eaters, the closest of them, some of them... Had it on their arms.""What?" Harry spluttered."Well, that just proves it!""Not if it was only on Karkaroff's arm," Calla said, frowning. "Wasn't it?""I - I don't know," Harry said blankly. "But I wouldn't be surprised if Snape has it too, though."Remus looked up to the sky. "Dumbledore still trusts Snape. That counts for a lot.""I know Dumbledore trusts a lot of people others wouldn't," Sirius said, "but I just can't see him letting Snape teach at Hogwarts if he'd once worked for Voldemort.""Why are Moody and Crouch so keen to get into his classroom then?" Ron asked stubbornly."Well," Sirius said slowly, "I wouldn't have put it past Mad-Eye Moody to have searched every teacher's office when he first got to Hogwarts. He takes his Defense Against the Dark Arts very seriously, does Moody. I'm not sure he trusts anyone at all, and after the things he's seen I can't say I'm surprised. I'll say this for Moody though, he never killed anyone if he could help it. Always brought people in alive where possible. He was tough, but he never descended to the level of the Death Eaters. Crouch, now, he's a different matter... is he really ill? If he is, then why make the effort to drag himself up to Snape's office? And if not, then what's he up to? What was he doing at the World Cup that was so important he couldn't turn up to the Top Box? And what's he been doing when he should have been judging the Tournament?"He lapsed into a silence and Remus took over. "And you're certain it was Crouch in Snape's office?""I saw it on the map," Harry said, "and like you said, the map's never wrong."Remus nodded grimly. "Any chance we could have a look?""No," Calla muttered, and he turned to her, surprised, "Harry gave it away to Moody.""You did what?" Sirius asked, looking aghast. "Harry, why would you let that thing out of your sight?""Well, he - he'd just saved me from Snape and Filch," Harry protested. "And he asked me for it, I couldn't say no. He said it'd be useful and if he can work out what's up, then maybe it's for the better?""It is mine, though," Calla said quietly, and Remus shook his head."I told you to be careful with the map," Remus told Harry sternly. "You kept your cloak though, yes?""Of course he did," Calla muttered, and though Harry gave her a reproachful look, he didn't say anything before Sirius spoke."Ron, you said your brother Percy's Crouch's personal assistant, yes? Any chance you could write to him, ask if he's seen Crouch lately?""I can try," Ron said, looking rather doubtful. "Better not make it sound like I think Crouch is up to anything, though. Percy loves Crouch.""And you might try and find out if they've got any leads on Bertha Jorkins or Peter, while you're at it.""Bagman told me they hadn't heard about Bertha," Harry said."And they must have told us if they'd got a lead on Pettigrew," Calla said. "Right?"The look on Remus and Sirius' faces didn't quite assure her. "Bagman's quoted in one of these articles here," Sirius said. "Blustering on about how bad Bertha's memory is. Well, her memory wasn't that bad when I knew her. Quite the reverse. She was a bit dim, but she had a memory for the gossip. It used to get her into a lot of trouble, she never knew when to keep her mouth shut. I can see her being a bit of a liability with the Ministry of Magic. Perhaps that's why Bagman put off finding her for so long..."He let out a long sigh and shook his head. "It must be about time for the four of you to head back to school," Remus said gently. "What time is it?""Half past three," Hermione said promptly."Alright." Remus stood up and the others followed suit, watching as he and Sirius packed everything up. "Now listen. You two are to keep working hard not just for the Tournament, but for all of your classes. And that includes Divination," he added to Calla, "and your lessons with Dumbledore. And anything funny happens, anything that worries you, you write to us as soon as you can, alright?""We will," Calla assured him."And I don't want you lot sneaking out of school, either," Sirius said. "We'll see you at the Third Task, if not before, but you're not to leave the school grounds without permission. Especially when you don't have the map."Calla reckoned she could get around just fine without the map, to be honest, but she didn't like being out here in the open as it was, not with that sense of unease that had been growing around her for so long. While Sirius bounded ahead with the others on the way back to the village, she hung back with her own godfather. "I can tell there's some tension in the air," he said easily, nodding to where Harry was listening to Sirius' tales about a prank they'd played at school. "Care to tell me about it?""It's nothing," she muttered. "It's just... It sounds stupid, and it is stupid, but sometimes it just feels like Harry has everything so easy. He doesn't study that hard but he still gets good grades, and magic especially comes easily to him. I still haven't gotten my Patronus charm, and then, in this Tournament, it feels like everyone wants to help him and the answers just fall into his lap. But he'll listen to everyone except me! I figured out that egg way before him, but he told me he had it worked out, and then he hadn't but Cedric Diggory told him how to hear it! And Dobby - the house elf - gave him the Gillyweed! He didn't have to do anything!""He saved two people," Remus pointed out.""Yes, but we all had to save someone! And he didn't have to think about it and put in the work, and it - it isn't fair!" She knew she probably sounded like a child, but Remus' questions had caused bitter resentment to bubble up in her chest. "He didn't figure the dragons out on his own either, but he didn't listen when I told him, only when he saw them for himself, because he doesn't trust my visions!""I'm sure that isn't the case, Calla," Remus said gently. "Your brother trusts you more than he trusts anyone in the world. And he loves you. You know that.""Of course I do," Calla muttered. "But that doesn't mean he isn't annoying and stupid and inconsiderate." She wasn't sure why everything was spilling out of her so suddenly. "I just wish none of this was happening."Remus sighed and put a comforting arm around her shoulder. "I'll let you in on a secret, Calla. Most everyone wishes their life were different at some point, and it's clear you've been dealt a bit of a rotten lot, especially at the moment. But you have to handle what is happening. And you have to trust yourself, too." He winced in sympathy."I just don't know what I'm meant to do.""You'll figure it out," he told her. "I know you will." With a smile, Remus added, "I'm proud of you no matter what.""That's what people say when they think someone's going to fail.""I don't think you're going to fail. I don't see how you can, when you do your best-""Remus?""Yes?"Calla sighed. "Can we stop talking about the Tournament now?"He looked surprised, but laughed. "Why, is there something else going on?""No. Well. Just standard teenage drama.""Standard teenage drama is the best kind."With a snort, she said, "It's not even that big of a deal, probably. But I fell out with Zach after the ball, and he asked me out and I said no, and now he doesn't talk to me, and I want to be his friend but I don't think I can be."Pursing his lips, Remus looked away, eyes lingering on the group of four in front of them. "I'm afraid I'm not much good at handling relationships, Calla.""You're saying I got this from you?"He cracked a grin. "If this boy hurt you, you've no obligation to immediately forgive him. But if he's your friend, you should talk to him. Sometimes that's all you need, it's just that a lot of the time, we're too scared to speak."She smiled faintly. It made sense, and honestly, she was glad that it was Remus giving her this advice. It made it all the more reliable. They caught up with the others briefly before Remus and Sirius went off the other way out of the village to Apparate, while the four students headed back to school together. "Just a minute," Calla said as they passed the post office, "I need to check something."She ducked in quickly, the others waiting outside. There were few people inside, though there were a loud of very loud owls. "Hello," she said, going to the bored, tired-looking witch who was in charge of the Muggle Communications Desk. There was a very thin stack of letters that had come in there. The witch startled, smiling in surprise."Ah, hello. What can I do for you?""Is there a letter for Calla Potter? It should come from somewhere in Surrey?"The witch behind the desk looked mildly startled by Calla's name, but she flipped quickly through her small stack and picked up one crisp white envelope and handed it over. "Just come through from Inverban." She recognised Mairi's handwriting immediately."Thank you," Calla said cheerfully as she handed over her two knuts' fee. Normally letters would be brought up to the castle soon enough, but collecting them here worked too. She slipped the letter into her bag and went to join the others to set off back towards school.They were all still talking about Crouch, conspiring together, but Calla was mostly just aware of the letter in her bag.She was relieved when she found the Ravenclaw dormitory empty, and could open it in peace.To Calla,Your dress for the school dance looked so pretty! I loved it, and was that the girls Padma and Daphne in the photo with you? I'll have to meet them at some point. I wish you'd written earlier, but I'm glad your triathlon went well. I'm rubbish at swimming, Andrew's brilliant and it's always annoyed me. Not much is new here, the neighbours are boring, but it's only a few months until Summer at least. School keeps piling on the homework as if we've got exams this year instead of next, are you the same? It's so annoying and I've had hardly any time recently, ever since we got back from the Christmas holidays it's just been ridiculous. Are you doing your standard grades this year or next year, I couldn't remember and Mum's asking because she seems to think you're interesting. Probably cause you're school's all posh and weird.Anyway, I want more details about this Zach boy, he sounds like a prick. You're better off tossing him, Calla, boys are just annoying anyway, especially ones like that. Please write back soon, your last letter took ages! Also, will you be back for Easter at all? It'd be great to see you.Mairi BairdCalla smiled and laid the letter out carefully on her bed, feeling a warmth in her chest at the thought of Mairi, hundreds of miles away, thinking of her. She bit her lip as she penned a reply, telling Mairi all the woes of friendships and relationships, detailing all the recent drama and her success in the 'swimming portion of the inter-school triathlon'. It was oddly relaxing, and when Calla attached the thick letter with Moony to be taken to the post office, she felt rather satisfied with herself. That still didn't stop her frustration with her brother, or her nerves about the Tournament, but just like talking to Remus, it did comfort her a little. She just had to find a way to get around her other problems.

"So let me get this right," Padma said the next morning in the dormitory, as Calla was filling them in on the details of the conversation with Sirius and Remus when they wouldn't be interrupted or overheard, "you think Karkaroff and Snape are Death Eaters?""No," Calla replied, "I think Karkaroff is, or was, and the thing he was showing Snape in Harry's class was the Dark Mark. Whether Snape is, or was, or not, I don't know." She glanced at Daphne, who appeared to be deep in thought. "What do you think?""I don't know," she said, frowning, "I mean, it's not like I've been taught their register or something.""No, but... Well, your parents do know Snape, don't they?""Only in passing," Daphne said uncomfortably. "They're... they're not really good friends, I guess. But he is in the same circle and, well, some people in those circles are people I wouldn't be surprised... if they did support You-Know-Who." She shook her head. "But that's like saying my parents are Death Eaters, and they most certainly are not. They don't believe in all that stuff, and they're Sacred Twenty-Eight: Snape's a half blood, isn't he? What would he get out of being a Death Eater?""Suppose," Padma said. "I'm still suspicious, though. I'm sure my mum said something about Karkaroff, how he was basically found guilty but got let out for giving names." She looked at Calla. "You said Harry thought Snape put your names in the Goblet of Fire... You don't think it might have been Karkaroff, do you?""I don't know," Calla said. "He looked furious enough that I wouldn't suspect him, but maybe that's the point. And come to think of it, he seemed bitter about how well Harry and I did in the tasks. I bet he hoped Harry'd drown at the bottom of that lake.""I don't see how Karkaroff could be a Death Eater, though," said Padma. "I mean, he went to Durmstrang. Most of the people thought to be Death Eaters went to Hogwarts; that's how they got brought into it.""Durmstrang is known for the Dark Arts, though," Calla pointed out."And Draco's father's friends with Karkaroff," Daphne admitted, looking down. "And he... Well. He's not exactly a Muggleborn rights activist, is he?""Hmm." Calla frowned. "I think it's all quite suspicious, and maybe there is something in it, but we've no evidence, and Harry... I guess he sees what he wants to see sometimes when it comes to Snape. But Snape didn't need to help me through the Second Task, and he did, and he tried to stop Quirrel in first year and he's not exactly my favourite person, especially after what he did to Remus but... I don't know. Dumbledore trusts him and I just don't think he could be a Death Eater.""Even so," Padma said, as the door opened and Sue and Isobel came in, making her lower her voice, "you should be on your guard. No more taking ages to pack your bag in Potions, we're staying with you."Calla smiled fondly. "Thanks.""The boys are waiting," Isobel said, grabbing a pile of textbooks, "in the classroom." Calla stared at her. "Hello? You know, for studying. Lisa's stressed already apparently."Truth be told, Calla had entirely forgotten about their promise to tutor each other. "We'll be there in a minute," Padma told Isobel, who shrugged and hurried back out of the room with Sue. "Let's talk about it later, come on. I need all the help you guys can give me."That first study session was actually quite alright, to Calla's relief, though it did go on a bit; Daphne and Isobel got bored halfway through and started trying to make origami cats walk around, turning them different colours. Lisa had decided to take charge of the venture and treated it like a business meeting, setting out their goals - 'Get Potter through the Tournament without snuffing it, and also get the best grades possible in our exams.' - their deadlines and a timetable of events. "Don't you think you're going a bit overboard?" Michael asked her at one point, but she just glared and threw a pillow at him."I'm taking our education seriously," Lisa said, "as any decent Ravenclaw should. Who are we to represent our house if we all fail? We've at least not got Potter to drag our average down this year-" she shot Calla a nasty look and Calla huffed, throwing her hands up "-but you, Michael, are currently running at Poor marks for both Herbology and Transfiguration!"Michael gaped at her. "How'd you know that?""So, I've put together a series of lesson plans that will tackle our objectives, combining tutors' strengths with tutees' weaknesses.""She's worse than Hermione," Daphne whispered to Calla and Padma, who both grinned. At least with Hermione they didn't commit to following her study plans, and she'd never really expected them to past their first year."And you, Daphne, are barely scraping an Acceptable in Transfiguration.""I am not!" Daphne protested. "You can't say that!""Isobel, you're doing Dreadful in Potions.""Yeah, 'cause Snape's an absolute-""Padma, you're quite alright, but your Divination marks could do with some improvement.""How do you even get this information?" Padma asked, staring at her.Lisa just tapped her forehead and smiled. "Terry, you have to focus more on Care of Magical Creatures.""I am trying," Terry muttered, "it's not my fault that unicorn hated me.""Calla, your practical work in general leaves a lot to be desired, but we don't have to worry about most of your classes for now, just general spellwork, which will admittedly be very difficult.""Charming," she muttered, exchanging exasperated glances with Padma."Lise," Mandy spoke up, eyebrows raised, "calm down on the whole pointing out everyone's weaknesses, would you?""Mandy, you're going to fail Arithmancy.""For Merlin's sake." Mandy huffed and sulked against the back of her chair."Anthony, you're the same as Padma, you're terrible at Divination.""It isn't my fault I have a lazy Inner Eye."Calla snorted as Lisa pressed on. "Sue, you have to work on Arithmancy, too. Obviously, we can see that all our weaknesses are different and diverse, as are our strengths. I'm not particularly great at Care of Magical Creatures-""Because nothing likes her-""But I am good at Arithmancy, so I'll be in charge of tutoring for that""Should we really be using the word tutoring?" Terry wondered aloud. "I mean, it sounds quite formal, and I thought this was more like a study group.""Well, what other word would you have me use, Terry?" Lisa snapped, and when Terry shrugged, she seemed to take this as her cue to continue dictating. Calla all of a sudden could see her working in the Ministry, barking orders at some poor employees. "Mandy, you're in charge of Potions, Sue I've given you Transfiguration control. Padma, you're Herbology, Daphne takes Muggle Studies but Isobel and Terry are your co-tutors because they know more but don't take the class. Isobel, you do Care of Magical Creatures, Terry is History, Anthony, you're on Astronomy, Michael will be in charge of Ancient Runes and Calla will teach Divination.""You can't really teach Divination," Calla said. "It kind of just... It happens or it doesn't."Lisa looked at her coldly for disrupting her plans. "Would you rather try to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts?" Calla shook her head, flushing. "I didn't think so. Now, to come back to that point, we don't have anyone who is particularly good at Defense Against the Dark Arts or Charms.""I'm pretty decent," Isobel said, and they all looked at her. "Moody said I would do well in a duel.""Izzy, that's because you're good at setting stuff on fire. Fire wins everything.""And then that's all you need to know.""So, we'll all work together on that. It will be good to pool knowledge and also because Defense is such a hands on subject this year, it'll give us more practical opportunities if we all do and all do it together. In terms of Charms, I'd say we're all relatively good at that, so again we can pool our knowledge and run that more like a group study rather than a tutoring session." Lisa grinned like she'd just finished a pitch. "Any questions?""Do we have to?""Yes, Isobel," Lisa snapped. "You all agreed.""Yes, but we can't do this every day," Terry said gently."Well, obviously," Lisa said, rolling her eyes. "You don't have to do it everyday but you do have to contribute at least once a week.""Sound," said Isobel, getting to her feet. "I'm going to locate a Blast-Ended Skrewt.""Absolutely not," said Lisa, dragging her back down. "You will focus on taking a theoretical approach to your subject.""I am in charge of my subject," Isobel said stubbornly. Calla laid her head on the desk tiredly as they bickered for another ten minutes before the group split.She had Padma, Terry, Isobel and Anthony all crowded around her little desk with Calla's crystal ball. "This is third year stuff," Anthony said, frowning at his cup. "But I still can't do it.""I think... You have to open your mind to it," Calla told them. "Trelawney dresses it all up to be very mystical and obscure and I guess in some ways it is but I don't think that really allows for people to consider it in their own way. Sort of... Right, this is going to sound daft. But if you clear your mind...""Clear our minds?" Padma stared at her. "How are we to do that?""I don't know, just... Shut your eyes and... Try." She huffed. "This is why I said you can't really teach Divination. You can just oversee it. There's no specific method or anything, you just have to think you can do it and let it happen."She knew it sounded silly, but even so, all of them did as she told them to, eyes fluttering shut. Isobel's face screwed up in concentration, like she was trying very hard to force her thoughts out of her head. "Relax," Calla told her softly. "You have to lean into it."She supposed that was something she should be working on, too. Dumbledore kept telling her to reach out to her visions, but what if she was just meant to slowly drift towards them? You couldn't force it. Terry was the first to open his eyes and look at the crystal ball, eyes wide as he considered it. "Well, there's some sort of... foggy... book."Isobel snorted. "A book." She opened her eyes, so Calla glared at her scoldingly."That's good, Terry," she said encouragingly. "A book could mean a lot of things. Wisdom, or new discoveries, or maybe you're going on an unexpected journey.""Or he's going to read The Hobbit again.""Izzy!""Am I disrupting the clairvoyant vibrations?""I will kick you out of my class, you know. And then you'll have to answer to Lisa and her Arithmancy class."Isobel's eyes widened. "Jesus, no, she'd eat me. I'm sticking with you."As Terry had desired, this 'study group' was far from formal - despite Lisa's attempts to create a schedule - but Calla rather liked it that way. Each of them brought something different that they were not only good at but passionate about, and hearing Transfiguration advice from Sue, who was as mild as McGonagall was intimidating, made it a lot easier to take in and concentrate on. She still didn't know what she had to do for the Third Task, but that was okay for the time being: her friends helped her get a handle on some more Defensive magic that they thought might be needed, and in some ways it was good to have a bit of relief.The thing that worried her was her visions. They were becoming more frequent, yet less clear, and always brought some form of pain or exhaustion with them. She couldn't figure out why, and though she was sure Dumbledore had an idea, he wasn't revealing anything. It was infuriating, and Remus seemed concerned by the development. Harry's scar had been hurting more and more often, too. Even if she tried to comfort herself, she knew something was coming, and she knew it was coming soon. There had still been no sign of Pettigrew, and she was beginning to think it might have been deliberate. After all, she knew some of the old suspected Death Eaters were close to the Ministry. Someone was helping him, someone powerful.At least she wasn't the only one worried. There had been calls for greater security around the Third Task at the tournament. Dumbledore said that Hogwarts was well protected enough, but Calla couldn't help but worry that it wasn't. Sometimes she thought Dumbledore didn't know what he was talking about; other times she thought he knew exactly what he was talking about, and simply chose to withhold it.It was nearing the end of March when she was cornered by Zach after Ancient Runes, Daphne and Padma having gone one to lunch already. "Look," he said quickly, tugging her around a corner. "Are we really play?"She stared at him. "What do you think, Zach?"He winced. "Okay, I'm guessing that means no." He didn't meet her eyes. "I just thought you'd be over it by now.""Over what?""I don't know, whatever it was you were so upset about!" She scoffed. "You can't really hold a grudge this long.""I'm not holding a grudge.""Well then why haven't you spoken to me since January?""Why haven't you?" She tried to keep her voice even, remembering what Remus had told her. Sometimes, people just had to talk. "Zach, you're my friend. You're... just my friend.""And that's fine," he insisted, "but you're not even acting like I'm your friend!""I - I'm sorry," she said, not knowing what else to say. "I just don't know what to do. But I guess I forgive you.""You don't sound very convinced."Not knowing what the hell he wanted her to do, Calla just looked at him. "You just really hurt me with how you reacted at the ball, and then all that stuff with Rita Skeeter-""That was months ago-""I know," she said desperately, feeling awful at the look on his face, like she'd somehow betrayed him. "I'm sorry, but I just - you haven't exactly made an effort with me either! We're friends, right? So we can just... Relax. Be normal."But she didn't know how it could go back to normal. She didn't understand what relationships were meant to be like, she didn't know how she was meant to fix something that was still on such rocky ground. She knew she didn't feel anything romantic for him anymore, but she didn't know how he felt, and it was all so complicated. "Fine then," Zach said, even though he didn't look like it was fine. "Have fun being normal."He walked away, but his words lingered in an oddly insulting way. Calla stared, watching him go, and let out a sigh of frustration. It was an absolute mess and even though Zach had said they were friends, simply saying it didn't make it feel true.Harry came along the corridor then, and Calla latched onto him and Ron and Hermione for a distraction. She was sure her brother could tell something was wrong, but had learned from her lecturing that she would not appreciate him interfering with whatever had just gone on. Ron had no such tact, but he did have Hermione to shush him, which Calla found herself grateful for.She didn't really speak to Zach even after their awkward conversation - the details of which she had revealed to Padma and Daphne in a confused rant later that evening - but they did share the odd smile and friendly greeting when they saw each other in class and in the corridors. It wasn't normal by any means, but it was better than not speaking at all.It helped that Cedric and Fleur seemed to have taken to her more recently too, often stopping for a chat, and Fleur and Calla were starting to make a habit of sitting near one another at meals. It made Calla happy in a way she didn't know quite how to describe except that it also made her feel that giddy, light feeling she had felt with Zach for a while. She just wasn't entirely sure how she could feel that same sort of emotion towards both. For someone to feel that towards either a boy or a girl was relatively normal, she supposed, but she didn't know how to handle both. She'd never heard of someone to have feelings for both boys and girls. It was rare enough for the Dursleys to even mention a girl having feelings for a girl. And Padma, after all, was clear on the fact that she only fancied girls. Calla didn't know how both was meant to work, so she pretended the issue didn't exist. And besides, she kept having to tell herself whenever she did try to confront the possibility of both, regardless of whatever mixed up and confusing emotions were going on in her head, Fleur Delacour was four years older and gorgeous and while Padma having romantic feelings for Daphne made sense, it was ridiculous for Calla to entertain the thought of romance with Fleur. She kept telling herself she was just thinking about it too much and confusing herself, but also couldn't ignore her feelings.But even so, for all she was confused over who she was and what she felt and how anything feelings related worked, Calla had a sense that things, however dire they may soon become, were finding their balance again for a while. She determinedly continued her studies with her friends, and found it worked better for her than a lot of her actual classes did. The classwork was one thing, but with the free time from not having exams and a newfound appreciation for utilising such free time, she also found herself increasingly drawn to Runes. She'd been collecting and collating notes on the subject of practical rune usage since third year, but as days and weeks went by without her map - as Moody had rudely declined to return it, saying it was safest in his hands for the time being and that Dumbledore would surely agree - Calla decided it was high time to get on with it herself. If she didn't have a map, she could at least try and make one of her own. Of course, this was easier said than done, as Calla knew it would be, but turning her research to a specific project massively helped improve her focus. It was fun to have something to work on, too, while everyone else occupied themselves with exams. She wasn't getting very far, but she and Harry were to be spending the Easter holidays with Remus and Sirius, and she was certain they'd have some insight for her.As for Divination, well, she felt her little group of students were making a lot more progress than she was. She didn't connect with Astrology at all, and her interpretations never quite sat right. Reading tea leaves and tarot were much easier and yielded better results, but her visions scared her sometimes now. Everything felt closer and more real. She saw a graveyard and green light, high hedges and a claustrophobic darkness; rows and rows of pale blue light that crashed and burned along the floor; and a pair of bright red, snake-like eyes. Those eyes haunted her nightmares for weeks, and when she woke in the silence of her dormitory, she could rarely get back to sleep. Most days she was tired, but she was also scared to try and sleep too, because of her nightmares. And no matter what Dumbledore told her to do to open and close and navigate her mind, it didn't help. It just made her feel worse.She kept trying to focus on positives, though. During their study sessions, Calla had actually managed to nudge both Terry and Padma towards seeing somewhat reliably in crystal balls and gotten them all to understand that basis for astrological interpretation better. Trelawney had noted her delight at their progress in class, and Terry had gotten Calla a whole box of Honeydukes sugar quills to say thank you. She'd told him he really didn't need to, but he told her to count it as an early Easter present and she was honestly rather touched that he'd thought to give her some of her favourite sweets."You are pretty brilliant at this stuff," he told her when they descended the stairs after their last class of term. "I'm serious, Calla, you could totally give Trelawney a run for her money."She giggled. "Well, I wouldn't like to just yet. I'm still learning too. Plus I'm not sure I'd do well teaching people who weren't my friends, I already get annoyed enough at Isobel for talking over me."Terry laughed at that. "We all get annoyed at Isobel talking over us. She doesn't have much attention for the Goblin Rebellions, but I think they're fascinating. It's just a shame most of them might bite your head off if you tried to ask them about it.""Yeah," Calla said quickly, laughing, "somehow I don't think trying to interrogate a goblin would end well."With everything going on, Calla couldn't wait until the Easter holidays. Two weeks away from Hogwarts with Harry, Remus and Sirius would give her a much-needed relief. It seemed most of her peers had thought the same - Padma, Sue and Lisa were the only ones from their dormitory staying at school. "Most people's parents want to hear about the Tournament, I suspect," Padma said as she helped Calla with the last of her packing."The Dursleys would be horrified about the Tournament," Calla told her. "And more horrified that we've survived so far.""Not so far," Padma said, "that you're going to survive." Calla smiled at the correction. "And you know, I really don't like the sound of these Dursleys. I think my mum would like to meet them.""I'm not sure they'd like that," Calla said, thinking of all the run-ins they'd had with wizards the past summer. "Didn't I tell you about how they met the Greengrasses and the Weasleys?"Ron and Hermione were both also staying behind for Easter, which Harry seemed to feel a little guilty about. "It's not like they aren't friends without you," Daphne told him rather flatly as the three of them sat on the train."Yeah, but I thought Hermione'd want to go home to her parents.""I think Hermione's capable of making her own decisions, Harry," Calla laughed in response. "And I bet if Hermione did go home, you'd be feeling bad about Ron being on his own, but you know Remus is worried enough with all the Tournament going on. You'll see them in two weeks anyway."The relief at seeing her godfather again was a strange thing, but Calla felt more relaxed than she had in weeks when he hugged her and Harry tightly and helped them out of the station. When they got home, Sirius was already in the kitchen at Collie Hill, making a big show out of his attempt to cook a roast for dinner. The chicken was slightly burnt and the Yorkshire puddings too soggy for Calla's preference, but the effort made her smile."Heard anything about the Third Task yet?" Remus asked them after dinner as they all burrowed into spots in the living room."I wish," Harry muttered. "Even Bagman hasn't tried to give me any hints.""Shame," Calla murmured sarcastically, casting her eyes over to him."Well, I'm sure you'll find out soon," Sirius said, but he looked troubled. "You'll both breeze through."Calla was not convinced by that. She didn't say anything, but she was sure Remus noticed the anxious twist of her mouth and her frown as she tried to concentrate on her Ancient Runes textbook.They were just a few days into the holidays when she approached Remus and Sirius about her attempts to recreate a version of the map's enchantments by way of Runes. For a moment she was afraid she had somehow managed to offend them, but then Remus broke into a broad smile. "Calla, that sounds brilliant. Have you gotten far?""Not really," she admitted, "but I have a few ideas of how I might go about it, it's just that it'll have to be more trial and error than a proper, methodical sort of process. I've got lists of runes and methods of binding that I think could work, but they haven't really been tested, but I know it's not, like, dangerous or anything and Professor Babbling said this sort of stuff is possible and there's more focus on it next year and at N.E.W.T. level, so it's doable, I think, I just don't know if I can do it but I wanted to try so..." She trailed off, cheeks warming as she realised how she'd been rambling. But both Remus and Sirius seemed pleased."Well, we never used Runes," Sirius said, "mainly 'cause your dad never studied it and hadn't a clue how to make them work. But it's a pretty smart idea." He grinned. "Let's see what you've got then."Half an hour later, Remus and Sirius had explained most of the enchantments that had made the original map work, and helped Calla figure out what Runes might cause the same effects. She didn't want to start with a map at first, mainly because drawing out the whole of Hogwarts without her reference would be too time consuming while she was still working out what Runes to use, but starting with something that could track movements and gradually reveal different illustrative elements felt like a good idea. Harry came in just as she was deliberating on whether Elder or Younger Futhark systems would work best for attaching to bind Runes, looking surprised to see the four of them in such a close conversation."Potions essay still giving you grief?" Remus asked him, while Sirius glanced over Calla's binding notes.Harry launched into a whole rant about how little he cared about the properties of moonstone, but Calla was surprised to find that Sirius was paying her more attention than Harry. Maybe he just didn't enjoy hearing about Snape. "Elder Futhark generally grants you more combinations," Sirius was saying, "but Younger Futhark's limited variety could also make it easier to work along a bind staff. Then again, you could mix the two-""-But the structural and magical cultural differences between the systems could lead to them cancelling one another out."Sirius nodded, grinning. "Exactly. You'd need to be careful with that, but like you said, if your method is just trial and error, then you might as well give it a shot."Calla smiled back at him for that, starting to map out a way of connecting runes between parchment and person. Maybe she could start small, tracing an artefact on the parchment and work her way up.That Easter morning was the first Easter morning Calla could remember ever having spent outside of Hogwarts or the Dursleys' house. It also happened to be the best she'd ever had. Along with their hamper of sweets from Remus and Sirius (which Calla and Harry were instructed to share evenly, which Calla didn't think was going to end up happening), both twins had gotten boxes of Easter eggs from Mrs Weasley and from the Greengrasses. But more than the sweets and chocolate which they feasted on for breakfast, they all spent the day together, not doing much except enjoying one another's company. Remus had located a nice ice cream parlour near by which happened to still be open and sell some of the best ice cream Calla had ever had. And it occurred to her as the day started winding to a close and they finished the last of their dessert around the dinner table, that this little, weird Muggle flat with a hippogriff in the garden and a self-knitting scarf in the living room, felt like home. This felt like a family."We're hoping we'll be able to have you over for most of the Summer," Remus said before they went to bed that night. "Dumbledore says you ought to have a fortnight at the Dursleys' - and yes, I know what you're thinking, but I'm sure they'll be quite happy to let you come with us.""They'd be happy never to see us again," Harry said flatly. Sirius frowned."I say sod it to what Dumbledore thinks, personally," he told them. "But I promise, if not before, we'll see you after a couple of weeks and try and visit in between."That was really all Calla felt she wanted in that moment. She could handle two weeks with the Dursleys if it meant six with Remus and Sirius - and besides, she did want to see Mairi, too. Hopefully they'd get to see her and Harry at the Third Task anyway, if they came to watch, and it couldn't be far away. Soon enough, she'd see them again. In that, she was confident.XxWith the Ravenclaw Tower swinging deep into its usual pre-exam mess - half the house insisting that 'organised chaos' was the method for revision and the other screaming that they needed peace, quiet, solitude and for not a single other person to move even one muscle or they would hex them to oblivion - Calla found herself strangely alone. She didn't have any exams to study for, only the Tournament, and despite having some minor success at coercing her visions - one of Buckbeak in an unfamiliar room, and one in Daphne sitting on Isobel's shoulders in the common room and promptly falling off - she didn't know yet what the task would be. So she brushed up on jinxes, hexes, shields, counter spells and healing spells, as well as her knowledge of Magical creatures, and promised herself that once they were told what their task was, she would do a more focused study.Instead, she found her mind wandering in lessons - mainly History of Magic, because Terry turned out to be a far better lecturer than Binns - and turning to her Runes project. She'd managed to figure out what Runes to use to animate images, and had successfully tried it on a couple of sketches of her friends, then managed to make dots move around on the parchment. The trouble was linking their magical animation to the natural and physical animation of another object or person. In her troubling over this issue of the link, she had also briefly turned to trying to work out how Remus, Sirius, her dad and Pettigrew had managed to enchant the parchment to respond to someone who couldn't open it. Had they left a part of them in it, like Tom Riddle had with his diary, just for much less sinister purposes? Had there been a particular spell? She'd considered asking Dumbledore about how he thought Riddle had made the diary, but decided that wasn't a very appropriate question to ask anyone, and he might be rather alarmed. She scribbled a note to herself to ask Remus, but knew she had to focus.This project consumed her for most of May, much to Lisa's frustration. "You're more of a mess than Isobel," she snapped, gesturing to the scattering of scrap parchment and books and notes that littered Calla's bed.But Calla ignored her. She had long given up on caring what Lisa Turpin said about her, especially since she wasn't sure she meant it as much any more. Though that was perhaps wishful thinking.She had gone through almost a dozen attempts on ill-fated pieces of parchment - three burst into flame, four dissolved, two curled up on themselves and refuse to move, and three became completely covered in ink - before she managed to get something that linked inked Runes and markings to another human being. During their 'study sessions' she had picked up on Lisa talking about how numbers in Arithmancy could amplify magical power, specifically the numbers three and seven. That gave her an idea to give the Runes appropriate power; she used three different Runes along a bindrune staff, and each pattern was replicated replicated six times to make seven. They were then drawn around by the activation Rune which would be later acted upon by incantation.The Runes were done in purple ink on one side of the parchment. This was one advantage parchment had over paper, that ink didn't tend to leak through the other side. On the other side, the spots where the Runes had been clustered were able to connect to the seven small dots she put on. Animating those together was harder, and so her eventual decision on the bindrunes was to use one Rune to symbolise a name or initial, one animation Rune in the middle, and a name to represent the person spiritually. Daphne and Padma, to Calla's gratitude, both volunteered for this experimental phase, and had their respective bindrunes inked onto the palm of their hands. "I'm not sure if this Rune will need activating or not," Calla admitted, "or if I only need to do it on the parchment. It's not like you two need animating." Deciding that it would be easier to add to the Runes than take away, Calla very carefully traced the tip of her wand around the circle of Daphne's bindrune on the parchment, and said quietly, "Fascine." Feeling suddenly nervous, she repeated the same for Padma, and nodded at her friends.Both stood at opposite ends of the dormitory as their Runes were placed at opposite ends of the parchment, but when they moved to pass each other, the dots mirrored the movements, which made Calla scream in delight."Did it really work?" Daphne asked, hurrying over to watch. "Padma, spin around!""I'm not going to spin," Padma said. "It's a dot, it wouldn't make a difference."Calla grinned. It wasn't the map, but it was beginning to take a form of its own. She was just glad she'd done something, that her ridiculous experiment had actually worked and that however outdated and unpracticed this form was, she had put her efforts into doing something magical and it had paid off. She didn't know how this could be replicated within a wider setting or for the same purposes of the map, but somehow that part didn't matter so much now. This was her project, her idea, and her work. And she had to admit she was pretty damn proud of it, whatever it turned out to be. "I can't believe it actually worked," she said, hardly daring to speak. Her excitement made her somewhat breathless. "Right, now we need to match all the dots."The other girls in the dorm took to this challenge with varying degreees of certainty. Isobel thought the opportunity for a tattoo was brilliant, and seemed rather fascinated by what Calla had done. Mandy and Sue were curious but wary, and Lisa dismissed it straight out. "You should be putting this energy into the Tournament," she told Calla. "Or class work. Not some silly little experiment. That's not even similar to the assignment Babbling set us.""It's cool, though," Isobel told her, grinning."I just wanted to know if it could be done," Calla said with a shrug. "Don't you want to know?""I don't care.""I couldn't have done it without your Arithmancy knowledge.""Fine," Lisa huffed, looking reluctantly pleased by the compliment, which had been Calla's intention. "Ink me up, Potter. But don't blame me when you flake in the Tournament because of lack of preparation.""I don't even know what I have to do yet," Calla told her, as she steadily started to draw three copies of the Rune she'd picked out for Isobel - isa for her first initial. "I'll prepare when I'm able but until then I might as well do something interesting."In the last week of May, though, Flitwick came hurrying over to Calla at the end of dinner. "You are to go down to the Quidditch Pitch at nine o'clock tonight, Miss Potter," he squeaked excitedly."Why?" Calla asked, frowning, though she supposed it must be Tournament business.Flitwick grinned at her. "Mr Bagman will be telling you all about what we have in store for the Third Task!"So at half past eight she packed up her notes in the dormitory, to Lisa's gratitude - they hadn't quite managed to get the ink off of everyone's hands yet, and she was going to have to refine the tracking element - and made her way down to the Quidditch Pitch. She came across her brother on the staircase that connected their two towers, and hurried to catch up with him. "Hey," she said, grinning. "You alright?""Yeah," he said with a shrug. "I'm quite glad we've not got exams, Hermione's in the middle of giving Ron a lecture about Cheering Charms."Calla grinned. "Any idea what we might have to do?""None. Hermione's got a bunch of ideas based on previous tournaments, but I reckon they'll do something completely new.""At least we're all on an even footing now," Calla said with a bitter cheerfulness she hadn't even known was going to come out of her.Her brother looked at her and at least looked somewhat abashed. "Yeah..." He trailed off for a second before asking, "Did you ever get your Patronus?"She stopped suddenly on the stairs, staring at him. "Huh?""You - I just thought, because you hadn't mentioned it... I know you were working on it last year..."She sighed, rubbing her eyes. "No," she said. "I've been working on it, but no. I've not got my Patronus, Harry." Then she added in a mutter, "I would have told you if I had.""I just thought I'd ask," Harry said defensively. She didn't say anything else. "I was just trying to be nice, Calla!""Oh, yeah, I know," she said bitterly. "It's fine."She didn't even know why she was annoyed, except she was tired and all of a sudden it seemed easy to take it out on her brother. She knew it wasn't fair, but it didn't stop her. "Not like you know you got it a year ago and I'm still behind you.""To be fair," Harry said, "I had more practice than you.""Oh, I know that!" she said shrilly, stomping down the stairs. "I think we established that detail pretty well last year, actually!""What's wrong with you?" Harry asked, frowning. "You're a bit..." She raised her eyebrows. "On edge?""I am," she snapped in reply, and hurried onwards. Then she sighed. "Look, I'm sorry. I just haven't been sleeping well recently. It's just...""Nightmares?" Harry asked, and when she looked at him, she knew from his eyes that he understood."Yeah," she said, scuffing the ground. "You could say that.""It'll be alright," Harry saidz"You can't know that.""And you can't know that it won't be." He smiled, knocking her shoulder. "But I would appreciate if you stopped taking it out on me." She glared at him and he said quickly, "Let's go, we'll be late.""You're right," Calla sighed grudgingly. "You know, Fleur said the other day she thinks they might make us look for some sort of treasure.""Nifflers would be handy, then," Harry said cheerfully, though it felt rather forced.When they got to the Quidditch Pitch, although it was very dark, Calla could see the shadows of hedges poking into the sky and hiding the stars. She tried not to smile. "No way.""What have they done to it?" Harry demanded indignantly, looking quite appalled. "They're hedges!""Hello there!" called a cheery voice; Calla looked over to see Fleur, Cedric and Krum already standing with him just ahead of them. Fleur beamed at the two of them as they approached and Calla felt a familiar but still uncertain flip of the stomach that she often got when Fleur was around. She felt her cheeks heat up as she nodded back, stumbling over herself in a haste to join Fleur's side. If the older girl noticed, she did not say so, merely smiled serenely down at her."Well, what d'you think?" Bagman asked. "Growing nicely, aren't they? Give them a month and Hagrid'll have them twenty feet high. Don't worry, you'll have your Quidditch Pitch back soon enough. Now, can you guess what we're making here?"No one spoke. Calla stared at the hedges, the strange pattern and spaces between them. "Is it a maze?" she asked curiously, and Bagman beamed at her."Right you are, my girl! A maze. The Third Task is very straightforward. The Triwizard Cup will be placed in the centre of the maze. The first champion to touch it will receive full marks."Wait," said Fleur, not looking satisfied, "we simply have to get through the maze?""There will be obstacles," Bagman said cheerfully, "I believe Hagrid has procured a few for us... then there will be spells that must be broken... all that sort of thing, you know. Now, the champions who are leading on points will get a head start into the maze," he said, nodding to Harry and Cedric, "then Mister Krum will enter, then Miss Potter, and finally Miss Delacour. But you'll all be in with a fighting chance based on how you get past the obstacles. Should be fun."Calla did have to wonder what sort of creatures Hagrid would have 'procured' for them. She really hoped there weren't any Blast-Ended-Skrewts. Still, breaking spells could either be very difficult or a lot easier than fighting off an Acromantula. She'd have to see, but she made a note to brush up on counter spells and on her knowledge of dangerous and questionably legal magical creatures."Very well, then," Bagman said with a smile, "if no one has any questions, then we should all head back up to the castle, it is getting a bit chilly."Bagman hurried out of the maze and fell curiously into step with Harry. Calla rolled her eyes, falling back to walk with Fleur and Cedric. "A maze, eh?" Cedric said. "Sounds interesting, but I suppose I'd better brush up on my orienteering skills."Calla smiled. "Yeah, I'm not sure it'll be quite so easy as just walking around until we find it." She'd have to try and think of a strategy."Your brother gets along well with Bagman?" Fleur noted, nodding.Calla huffed. "More like Bagman gets along well with him. Everyone tries to get along with Harry." She shook her head, shrugging. "Suppose it's just inevitable.""It is interesting," Fleur said, frowning. "Does your brother not like Bagman?"She shrugged. "Dunno. I think he thinks he's a bit... Over-friendly." She chose her words carefully; much as it annoyed her, she didn't exactly want to let slip about how Bagman kept trying to help Harry.But a second later, Harry had broken off from Bagman, instead going off to the side with Krum. Calla frowned at him, but he just waved his hand dismissively and nodded even as they headed further away. "That's weird," she murmured, though only Cedric heard her. "I don't think Harry and Krum have spoken before.""Mm." Cedric and Fleur exchanged glances."What?" Calla asked, knowing what that look meant."Nothing," Cedric said, "Krum's nice, he's just a bit...""He is rather, how do you say it, stand off?""Stand offish." Cedric nodded. "Yeah, that's it. Don't know what he wants with Harry, he doesn't talk to me all that much. Fleur talks to him, though.""Yes," Fleur said, "though it took some time. I think he is like me, he is used to people looking at him and seeing one thing, but he only wants them to stop looking." She ran her hands through her silvery hair. "I ought to get back to Madam Maxime, she will want to know what I have been told." She nodded politely to Calla and Cedric. "Good night."Calla and Cedric continued in silence for a moment as they went up the stairs. "Are you nervous?" he asked her, and she nodded, laughing lightly."Just a bit.""Yeah." Cedric smiled. "It feels so surreal that it's almost done though, know what I mean? Everything we've been working for, to bring glory to our school - to our houses." He glanced at Calla and she blushed."You really want this, don't you?" Calla said, and he nodded."My dad'd be so proud if I won. And so would all of Hufflepuff... I mean, everyone talks like we're a load of duffers. And it is always Gryffindor and Slytherin who get the glory, and you lot in Ravenclaw, everyone says you're all brilliant...""We're all a bit of a mess," Calla chuckled, "but I get it. I guess both our houses kind of get swept under the rug a bit, just because we're not as...""Loud?" Cedric laughed. "Yeah." He looked down. "Listen, Potter. You... Look after yourself.""Everyone keeps telling me that," she said, huffing a little. She looked at him. "But thanks. You know that, if I don't win, Harry would be my second choice, since he's my brother and everything, but a Hogwarts victory's a Hogwarts victory, isn't it?" She grinned as they reached the stairs that would take Calla up to the first floor. "So good luck, I guess.""You too, Potter," Cedric said, grinning. Calla could all of a sudden see why so many girls fancied him; she couldn't stop herself from smiling as she went up the staircase, headed along the corridor and up the stairs to Ravenclaw Tower on the other side of the castle. She could feel a bit of a pressure at her head, but she was getting better at relaxing, at keeping her visions at bay - if she did that, then she figured she would soon be able to work her way up to reaching the visions themselves. It had taken her long enough already.Though she felt a great foreboding as she stepped into Ravenclaw Tower, that wasn't entirely out of the ordinary. She hurried into the dormitory to tell the girls what Bagman had told her, and Isobel was quick to theorise on the sorts of creatures Hagrid might put in the maze for them. They spoke until they were all too tired to continue - and Lisa threw a pillow at Daphne, who retorted by sending a Monster Book of Monsters towards her, which Lisa only narrowly avoided."We'll come up with a plan afternoon," Padma yawned as they all settled into bed. "But you look exhausted, Calla.""Don't I always?"

"Calla." Harry sat himself down beside her briskly in History of Magic, just as she was trying to set up her notes. She flicked her eyes up to him."Yeah?""Look, I've got to talk to you. Last night, after I went off with Krum, we saw Mr Crouch."She paused. "You what? The Crouch? Percy's boss, Crouch?""Yeah," Harry said rushedly, "he was going mad, I swear." He lowered his voice somewhat as Binn's started up his lecture. "He kept talking about Bertha Jorkins and Voldemort, and his son and the Tournament... He was talking like he thought Percy was there, but then he, well, he sounded more like himself when he was talking about Voldemort. He said to go and find Dumbledore, he wanted to talk to him, so I left Krum to stay with him while I got Dumbledore, right?" She nodded in understanding. "And I went to Dumbledore but I obviously couldn't get in because I didn't know the password-""Cockroach clusters," Calla supplied helpfully and he blinked at her."Right. That's a bit weird.""Yeah. You couldn't get in?""Yeah, and then Snape came down! And I said I had to talk to Dumbledore but he wouldn't let me, he kept trying to stop me but Dumbledore came down anyway and he came with me right away, you know? He listened. So we went to find them, but Crouch had scarpered and, get this, Krum had been Stunned!""By Crouch?""I think so," Harry said. "That's what Krum said anyway. Then Moody came along, told us Snape had mentioned Crouch, which was actually a bit surprising.""Snape isn't all evil and bats," Calla reminded her brother, who shook his head."Yeah, I know, it's still suspicious he was trying to stop me. Git. Anyway, Hagrid came and Dumbledore got him to get Karkaroff and Karkaroff was furious, obviously. He started talking about how unfair it was we got to compete in the Tournament-""He would," Calla muttered."And then he spat at Dumbledore so Hagrid just grabbed him, I think he would have hit him if Dumbledore hadn't stopped him and then Moody said he was going to try and find Crouch and then Hagrid took me back to Gryffindor Tower." He finished this story rather breathlessly. "I've written to Sirius already.""And Remus?""Well, Sirius'll tell Remus, won't he?" Calla hummed noncommitally. "Well, he will. You know that.""I would've written Remus first."Harry made an annoyed sound. "Are you just trying to pick a fight?""No," she muttered, and took out a few rolls of parchment and her copy of Spellman's Syllabary. "We'll talk about this later, when we don't have people overhearing us." She gave him a hard glance, thinking of something. "Did Bagman give you any hints last night?""No," Harry whispered, staring at her. "I went off with Krum, you saw me.""I know," Calla said simply, "but I did see the two of you talking, so I just wondered. Fleur and Cedric think it's odd.""I didn't say I wanted him to - to want to try and help me," Harry spluttered."I didn't say you did.""Fine," Harry muttered. "We're going to talk to Moody after class. See if he's found anything. You should come with us.""Yeah," Calla said immediately, "I will." She smiled at her brother in apology and he nodded in response."Are you still tired?""Yup.""Me too." He shut his eyes. "I'll try not to snore if you want to study."History of Magic did indeed go very slowly, even while Calla attempted to keep her mind occupied with some Rune translations. She was working on a particular passage which Professor Babbling had said was an early medieval curse and used to be inscribed on stones around tombs to keep away enemies of the deceased. She hadn't gotten very far with it, mainly because her eyes kept dropping and causing the lines to blur together, but she determinedly kept herself awake by the end of class."Where are you going?" Daphne asked as she made to follow Harry out the room. "I thought we were doing Charms work this break?""I'll tell you later," she said, with a significant glance towards Harry, Ron and Hermione who hovered at the wall. "It's... A thing. See you in Transfiguration, alright?"She hurried off with the other three towards the Defense Against the Dark Arts corridor, where they found Professor Moody just leaving his classroom. "Professor Moody?" Harry called out.Moody turned, normal eye drooping and magical eye whirring into the back of his head as a gaggle of terrified first years rushed past. "Hello, Potter," Moody growled, jerking his head towards his door. "Come in here."He stood back to let the four of them hurry into his classroom. "Did you find him?" Harry asked the instant Moody closed the door. "Mr Crouch?""No," Moody said grumpily. He stumped over to his desk and sat down, eye rolling about creepily in his head as he pulled out his hip flask for a quick swig."Did you use the map?" Harry asked.Calla rolled her eyes and muttered, "My map.""Of course," Moody said, taking a swig. Calla wondered exactly what it was he was drinking. "Took a leaf out of your book, Potter." He nodded to Harry, not Calla. "Summoned it from my office to the Forest. He wasn't on there."So it hadn't even been useful, Calla thought bitterly. She glanced around, wondering where the map was being kept now. "So he did Disapparate?" Ron asked, and Hermione sighed like they had been over this multiple times already."How many times do I have to tell you," she said exasperatedly, "you can't apparate or disapparate within the Hogwarts grounds. There are other ways he could have disappeared, aren't there, Professor?""You're another one who might want to consider a career as an Auror," Moody told Hermione, who went pink with pleasure."Well, he wasn't invisible," Harry said, "the map shows invisible people, doesn't it?""Yeah," Calla said, "and the map's never wrong either. The only places it can't show are Unplottable areas, where inhabitants can't be tracked, but there are surprisingly few in Hogwarts. Of course, the Chamber of Secrets also isn't on there, but I doubt Crouch knows Parseltongue, And he wouldn't have gotten from the Forest to there without being seen by someone." Though she did make a note to check with Myrtle, just in case."Yes," Moody said, his eye jumping uncomfortably onto Calla, "your brother said you knew the map well." Calla flushed a little. "And Dumbledore's been telling me all about your gifts with Divination. You got any ideas about all this?""Well," she said, surprised, "I don't really know. I've thought there was something suspicious about all this Crouch stuff for a while, and it's pretty obvious now, but I don't know how he got away unless he used one of the secret passages, and they aren't very widely known at all, plus most of them run from inside the castle. The map extends quite far on the grounds, so he would have had to run pretty fast to get out of the forest, unless he just ran along the treeline, but even so..." She frowned. "He couldn't have done it on foot.""Unless someone's taken him," Ron said hopefully, as though he would rather like to be praised by Moody, "got him on a broom and - and flown off with him!""We can't rule out kidnap," Moody said, but his magical eye was still on Calla. It was very unnerving."Harry said..." she started, feeling like she was supposed to say something. "You said Crouch kept going on about Voldemort, and Bertha Jorkins, and - and his son, right?" She looked at Moody, who seemed to be considering her very sternly, his face almost stiff. He didn't seem like he wanted her to say her next words, which was odd, but she could see just the faintest glimmer of worry in his eye. What would Moody have to be nervous about, of all people, as one of the best Aurors? "I... Do you think they might all be connected? Crouch seemed to think so, and... Well, Dumbledore mentioned my visions, didn't he? I've seen things, and I - I think he's coming back. You-Know-Who."Moody looked at her for a very long moment, face stiff, before he seemed to come back to himself. "You're vigilant," he growled. "Good." She was sure he'd looked scared for a moment, and that scared her, too. He yawned, revealing cracked teeth, and shook his head. "Now, Dumbledore's also told me you four fancy yourselves as detectives, but there's nothing you can do for Crouch. The Ministry's dealing with it now, Dumbledore's informed them. Potters, you two just concentrate on the Third Task.""But what about Voldemort?" Calla asked, and could have sworn Ron hissed at her. "What do you think about that, Professor? You were one of the main Aurors back in the war, weren't you?"He seemed to weigh his decisions. "You leave that to the Ministry, Potter, like I said-""But the Ministry haven't done anything about Pettigrew," she said pleadingly. "Sorry, Professor, I know you probably, you know, have friends in the Ministry and everyone and I don't mean to offend you, but they haven't exactly been doing well so far, have they?""Now you listen here, Potter," Moody said, voice low, "this isn't your concern, and it shouldn't be. You just work on the Tournament. From what Dumbledore's told me, this should be right up your alley." She noted he wasn't looking at her anymore, but at Harry. Her stomach twisted, partly from nerves and partly from frustration. "You've broken your way through stuff like this plenty of times. Got through all those obstacles guarding the Philosopher's Stone in your first year, didn't you?""We helped," Ron said quickly. "Me and Hermione helped."Moody grinned. "Well, help them practice for this one, eh? I'll be very surprised if one of them doesn't win, or both." Calla stared at him. Both? They couldn't have both. She narrowed her eyes, but Moody acted like he'd said nothing out of the ordinary. Was there something in the rules she hadn't noticed, that no one had mentioned? "In the meantime... constant vigilance, Potter... Constant vigilance. The two of you should work together, I have a feeling that's when you're best. You'll enter the maze separately, but find each other. Stick together. And you two-" he fixed his eye on Ron and Hermione "-stick close to the two of them, will you? See they get through this. I'm keeping an eye on things, but all the same... You can never have too many eyes."Calla made immediately to go and find Daphne and Padma and tell them everything, but Ron spoke before she could say her goodbye. "What was up in there?" he asked her. "About... You-Know-Who? Why'd you bring that up?"She frowned at him, then at Harry, and then back at Ron. "Why wouldn't I? They could be connected, and I thought of all people, Moody might have some ideas.""Well, he didn't seem to," Harry said."Don't be silly," Hermione said, nodding at Calla. "Of course he does. He just didn't want us to get ourselves involved when you two have the Tournament to focus on.""No," Calla said, looking at Moody's door with narrowed eyes, "he didn't want us getting in the way. Didn't you see how he deflected my question? There was something funny about it, too, didn't you see? He looked scared when I started talking about Voldemort.""Can't think why," Ron muttered."No, but..." She trailed off, frowning. "I don't know how Crouch could have gotten off the map so fast, without being helped or taken, and who would have?" Then she frowned. "Wouldn't Moody have taken the map before he came to the Forest?""I don't know," Harry said irritably, "maybe he was in a rush.""Yeah, but he's Mad-Eye Moody," Calla pointed out. "Constantly vigilant. And... Ugh." She folded her arms. "I wish I had that map. I want to see it, see how far Crouch needed to go to get out of the grounds. It extends quite far, they explored so much..." She stewed for a while, thinking. "Harry, you don't think you could get the map back for me, could you?""What, you think he'll just give it to me?""You just gave it to him.""Not this again," Harry muttered."I'm not trying to start an argument," Calla said as calmly as she could. "I just want it back. I want to know how Moody didn't see Crouch. What timeframe are we going for? Ten, fifteen minutes for you to get to the castle, find Dumbledore, get back, Snape to tell Moody and for Moody to come out? The distance between that part of the Forest and the castle couldn't be more than that part of the Forest and the map's boundary, at least from memory." She frowned."Moody said we couldn't rule out kidnap.""Yeah, but who from? Ugh, this is the whole point of the map! He should have checked it immediately! I always kept it on me at all times, until I gave it to you!""Again, you're bringing it up again.""Right, okay, sorry." Calla paused for a moment, taking a deep breath to get her nerves and her emotions back on track. She told herself to calm down. "If I only had it...""You didn't even know any of this was happening last night," Harry said.She glared at him. "Not my fault I'm not all chummy with Krum now.""I'm not!""So do you think Krum did it, too?" Ron asked excitedly."No," she said quietly. "No, I don't think he would. I mean, what would he get out of it? He's a bit - I think the term Fleur and Cedric used is stand offish - but he's not a bad guy. No, this... This doesn't make sense." She glanced at Moody's door. Dumbledore trusted him, she reminded herself. And he was a famed Auror, a Dark wizard catcher. He was probably the least likely person to be involved here. And yet he still unnerved her - but maybe that was just fear talking. "I need to talk to Padma and Daphne.""Are you sure we should be getting more people involved in this?" Hermione asked dubiously."It's Padma and Daphne," Calla said, shaking her head. "I tell them basically everything. And they might have some ideas.""Calla," Harry said quietly, "are you sure you wouldn't be better off working on getting ready for the Third Task? You know, practicing and stuff. You heard what Moody said and I think he's right. We only have a few weeks.""I can do both," she said. "And I've already been preparing for ages, I just have more of a focus now.""Oh," Harry said, blinking. "Well, good.""Besides," she said, "I know you won't let this go either."Harry looked a little sheepish as he said, "Yeah. You might be right." Satisfied, she nodded. "Promise me you are going to prepare for the Task, you know, properly? It sounds dangerous.""If you hadn't noticed, Harry, I've been preparing a lot more than you have. Just because it's dangerous and requires spellwork and Defense doesn't mean I can't do it.""I didn't say that," Harry said, blinking rapidly. "That isn't what I meant at all!""I know," she said blithely, unable to stop herself from hearing that anyway. Just because he didn't say it didn't mean he didn't, On some level, believe it. "Anyway, I've got to get to the Ravenclaws. See you later."She hurried along the corridor, cheeks warm, to tell Padma and Daphne what had just happened."About time!" Lisa huffed when she ducked into the classroom they were using. "Where have you been, Potter?"She hesitated a moment before saying to the room, "Barty Crouch was here last night.""What, Ministry Barty Crouch?" Michael asked. "I thought he was ill!""So did I," she said. "Padma, Daphne, I need to talk to you.""And the rest of us can't hear?" Lisa asked, frowning."No," Calla said, as Padma and Daphne hurried over. "Not yet, anyway. It's important. Come on."They ducked into a small, soundproofed passageway nearby and the girls crouched down, knees knocking together. Calla told them everything very quickly, aware of how little time they head left of their break. "Merlin," Daphne said when she was done. "And he - he thinks the Dark Lord's coming back?""I don't know, but Harry said he sounded really worried. And if it has something to do with the Tournament..." She sighed."This is definitely a plot," Padma agreed before Calla even made her suggestion."Exactly. Now, there's something I really don't get.""Of course, the possible resurrection of the Dark Lord and a plot to kill you isn't the most surprising element.""At this point, no, not really." Calla shook her head. "I don't get how Moody didn't see Crouch on the map. I've seen that thing a million times, and I know the geography of this place. The map stops all the way past the end of the lake, way past it. And trying to go through the Forbidden Forest would just be a stupid way to run. From the sounds of it, Crouch was in no state to run that way, and otherwise wouldn't have been able to get out before Moody was told by Snape. Even if he didn't check the map until later - which doesn't make sense - how much later? And even if Crouch did get away, he clearly wanted to see Dumbledore and get to the castle, so someone must have gotten him out, but I can't figure out who. I mean, who would be in the grounds that night? I - I don't know, Moody always struck me as the sort of person who would keep an eye on that map as much as possible.""You might be overthinking this a little bit," Padma said, but Daphne shook her head."I think she's right. From what I've been told of Moody, and what we've seen, he is paranoid. You don't think someone's gotten to him, do you?""Gotten to him?" Padma laughed. "How? I can't see him letting his guard down enough for that.""I can't see him not keeping the map on him at all times," Calla countered, then shook her head. "Sorry, was that snappy? I think I'm getting on Harry's nerves a bit.""Why, what's he done?""Nothing," she said. "He just... I think he thinks I'm mad at him and I guess I am a bit but I don't want to have an argument and then we keep almost havin arguments which is somehow actually worse? And I don't want to have an argument at all.""All siblings have arguments," Daphne said. "I cut part of Astoria's hair off once, she was furious. So was Mum. And Dad. And everyone, actually.""Well, I'm not going to cut Harry's hair off," Calla said, "but I still don't like this. Plus, he said I should focus on the Third Task instead of getting involved.""Well, he's probably right," Daphne said."Yeah, but you didn't hear how he said it, Daphne. Like, oh, it's dangerous, you need to work to protect yourself, because you can't do it otherwise, because I'm rubbish at magic and he knows it and he seems to think I don't know it and need, I don't know..." She made a noise of annoyance and Padma gave her a sympathetic smile. "He doesn't seem to realise how much I've been preparing, that I am actually trying to be relatively on top of things. He just doesn't get it.""Boys," Padma said, "they don't get anything, do they?" She rubbed Calla's shoulder gently as the bell rang for Transfiguration. "Come on, you. We'll figure this thing out, one way or another. But he is kind of right; if someone wants you to die in this Tournament, we are not letting that happen." She took Calla's hand and hauled her to her feet. "Let's go."Their tournament preparations continued with fervour once Calla explained her task, all of the Ravenclaws working quite wonderfully together. They bickered all the time, of course, and everyone had a different view and a different approach to learning and practising - Sue, Terry and Anthony all took the view that theory was most important, and Daphne and Lisa were for once united in putting down that idea - but they also all stuck together, and they all helped her, and Calla couldn't help but be immensely grateful to them all. And the bonus was that her visions were growing a little less painful. She was starting to manage them more and to make sense of them. The Triwizard Cup kept appearing, though more often than not it was Harry who was beside it, not her. She still hoped it was a good sign.On Moody's advice the pair of them were working together too. He was right; they had always been at their strongest when they were united, and though they didn't cease arguing and sniping at one another, it felt good to be on the same team as her brother again.By the next Monday in Divination, Calla was actually starting to feel more confident not only in her Tournament preparations but also in her ability to pass the exams if she had been required to take them. It turned out - though Calla wouldn't say this to Daphne - that theory was actually becoming very helpful for her learning, and she knew already that her grasp of theory and her written performance had always been her strongest point in class. Though usually she would be focusing on magic in her spare class time - whether for the Tournament, general study, or still working on getting her Patronus to take an actual form - Calla had planned to use that Divination lesson to focus on 'reaching out' to her visions as Dumbledore had told her to. She was leaning back in her chair, hearing Trelawney talk about the position of Mars. Conflict, she thought idly, and scribbled something on parchment that might have resembled the word, before allowing her mind to go blank. Though thoughts pressed at the edge of her mind, threatening to intrude, she found that it was easier to make her mental walls flexible rather than simply durable, allow them to bend and catch thoughts instead of trying to repel them by thought. She felt for a moment rather like she was floating, the darkness behind her eyes clearing and lightening just a shade, as she felt her way outwards toward the edge of her mind.She was in a graveyard she had seen many times before, in the darkness. She still couldn't move, but she could make out a feeble figure trapped against a large headstone, pale and worn and looking altogether on the brink of death. The figure wore her face. Her gut turned and there was a flash of green light, a high and chilling laugh, and her brother fell to the floor before her. He was quite still on the ground, blood clotting on his arm, and a cold voice whispered in her ear, causing a chill to wrap around her chest. "This is mine now."There was a crash and she startled, eyes flying open. Harry had fallen off of his chair and he was clutching his scar, looking pained. "Harry!" she cried in fright, hurrying over as Trelawney flapped about. "What happened?""I dunno," Ron said, looking worried and pale, as Harry writhed on the floor, rolling about as though in agony. Calla grabbed him by the shoulder, heart hammering in terror as she tried to stop him before he hurt himself."Harry!" she yelled, panic rising in her chest. He had to have seen something, from the way he was holding his head. But he'd never reacted this badly before. "Harry!"Her brother's eyes shot open and Calla sagged with relief. "Are you okay?" she breathed shakily, and though he nodded he was awfully pale and Calla just knew he was spooked by something."What is it, Potter?" Trelawney asked. She looked almost excited as she stared at Harry. "A premonition?" She looked between him and Calla. "A vision?""Nothing," Harry lied, trying to get up. Calla gave him a hand and shot him a hard look of, 'You had better tell me what'."You were clutching your scar!" Trelawney said excitedly. "You were rolling on the floor, clutching your scar! Come, Potter, I have experience in these matters!""I think I have to go to the Hospital Wing," Harry said, shaking his head. He glanced at Calla. "I've got a headache.""I'll take him," Calla said at once and he gave her a quietly exasperated look but he didn't protest."You were clearly stimulated by the clairvoyant vibrations!" Trelawney declared, and Calla wished she would stop because her brother looked like that was the last thing he wanted to hear. "If you leave now, you may lose the opportunity to see further than you ever have!""The only thing I want to see is a headache cure," Harry said sharply, and got up next to Calla. The rest of the class backed away, and Calla surveyed them all with scrutiny. Even Padma was looking at Harry apprehensively, like she was worried what he might do next."See you later," Harry muttered to Ron, as the two twins picked up their respective bags and hurried down the ladder out of Trelawney's classroom."I'm not going to the Hospital Wing," he told Calla once they'd gotten down the ladder."You look really pale-""I need to speak to Dumbledore. That's what Remus told me to do if my scar was bothering me, and it felt like my head was going to explode, so I think that qualifies.""Okay, that's fair." He smiled weakly at her. "What did you see, Harry?""It... It was weird." She nodded. Visions - or whatever Harry was having - were often weird. And annoying. "Voldemort was there, he was accusing Wormtail of having made... a blunder. But there was this owl, I was on the owl, or I was it, I don't know, but the blunder had been fixed and someone was dead. So Wormtail didn't get fed to the snake."Calla's heart stopped and then raced, as did her mind. "Who's dead?""I don't know.""Crouch?""I don't know." She frowned, trying to think. There wasn't anything else coming to mind for her. "I think I was going to be fed to the snake instead."Calla shivered. "Don't say that, Harry." After a moment she said, "I had a vision too. I kind of made myself have it."Harry stared at her. "How?""Did what Dumbledore told me, reached out to it... We were in this graveyard, I think. I didn't see him, but I think he was there, and so were we." She shuddered, wishing she hadn't brought it up; saying it aloud and to Harry scared her even more. "Look, there's the gargoyle. Cockroach clusters," Calla said to the gargoyle, which sprang aside instantly, the stone wall moving behind it. "Come on."She grabbed Harry by the wrist and hurried up the stairs, hoping that Dumbledore would be able to help. She could tell by Harry's face that he was worried, really worried. They stopped just before the door; Calla could hear voices, speaking urgently, and she placed a halting hand on her brother's arm."I'm afraid I just don't see the connection, Dumbledore, don't see it at all!" That was Cornelius Fudge's voice, Calla realised. She very much doubted that this was a conversation they were supposed to overhear. "Ludo says Bertha's perfectly capable of getting lost! I agree we would have expected to have found her before now, but all the same, we've no evidence of foul play, Dumbledore, none at all! And to suggest it is linked with the disappearance of Barty Crouch...""And what do you think happened to Barty Crouch, Minister?" Moody's voice growled. Calla's stomach plummeted; his eye cold spot them easily through this door, and part of her thought they should move down, but she also really wanted to hear what they said. She sent Harry an urgent look, but he just shrugged, which was no help at all."I see two possibilities, Alastor," said Fudge, "either Barty's finally cracked after all of these years - more than likely, I'm sure you agree, given his personal history - and wandered off somewhere.""He wandered extremely quickly, if that is what you mean, Cornelius," said Dumbledore, quite calmly."Or else - well..." Fudge sounded rather embarrassed. "I will reserve judgement until after I've seen the place where he was found, but you say it was just past the Beauxbatons carriage. Dumbledore, do you know what that woman is?"Calla knew exactly who they were alluding to, and she felt a great urge to roll her eyes. "I consider her to be a very able Headmistress - and an excellent dancer.""Dumbledore, come!" Fudge said angrily. "Don't you think you might be prejudiced in her favour because of Hagrid? They don't all turn out so harmless - if, indeed, you consider Hagrid to be harmless, given the monster fixation he's got!""I no more suspect Madam Maxime than Hagrid," Dumbledore said quietly. "I think it is you who may be prejudiced.""Can we wrap up this discussion?" Moody asked in a growl."Yes, yes," Fudge said, "let's go into the grounds then.""No, it's not that," said Moody impatiently, "it's just that the Potters want a word with you, Dumbledore. They're outside the door."Calla withheld a swear as the door sprung open of its own accord and she and Harry peered inside, seeing Dumbledore, Fudge and Moody all assembled there. She felt heat rise, flaming, to her cheeks. "Hello, Potters," Moody said. "Come in, then."It was extremely embarrassing walking in there, since Calla was sure all of the adults knew they had been eavesdropping. But Fudge looked quite jovial as he hurried over. "Harry! How are you?""Fine," Harry lied, though Calla gave Dumbledore a significant look. He nodded only slightly."We were just talking about the night Mr Crouch was found," Fudge was saying. "It was you who found him wasn't it?" He looked at Calla. "Were you-""I didn't see anything," she told him. "I went back to the castle with Cedric. But I didn't see Madam Maxime leave the Beauxbatons carriage, and I know Fleur went to talk to her right away.""And I didn't see Madam Maxime anywhere, either," Harry added. "And she'd be quite difficult to miss, wouldn't she?""Yes, well..." Now it was Fudge's turn to look embarrassed. "We're about to go for a walk in the grounds, Harry, Calla, if you'll excuse us. Perhaps you could go back to your classes.""We wanted to talk to you, Professor," Harry said quickly to Dumbledore, who was already nodding."Wait here for me," he said swiftly, "our examination of the grounds will not take long."The three of them left in silence, but for Moody's leg clunking on the floor. Fawkes the phoenix squawked and flew over to land on Calla's shoulder. She smiled gently as she stroked his warm feathers. "Hello, sweetheart," she said gently, and he crooned at her. "You're looking gorgeous."Harry was looking around with curious eyes, and Calla remembered he wasn't nearly as familiar with this office as she was. "He is lovely, isn't he?" Harry said quietly, looking at Fawkes, who preened."Very." She stroked Fawkes absently for another moment or so before Harry stood up, eyes going to a large stone basin in a glass cabinet by Dumbledore's wall."Do you know what this is?" Harry asked her, frowning.She shrugged. "I don't know. It's not been there that long, but Dumbledore's never mentioned it.""It's got some sort of runes on it."Calla frowned, a little curious now, and Fawkes fluttered away as she stood up, coming to stand behind her brother and peer into the cabinet. "Well, I'm not sure what they all mean," she told Harry, "that's memory, that's probably gift but it's a bit wonky... I don't know. They look pretty old." She shrugged. "I doubt he meant to leave the cabinet open.""Yeah."She frowned at Harry, knowing what he was thinking. "Come on and sit down.""Yeah..." Harry stuck his hand into the basin of silvery light and Calla resisted the urge to tut at him."Yeah, Harry," she muttered, "just stick your hand in random silver mist."And then he did something else. Whether intentionally or not, he leaned over and stuck his face in the basin and Calla rolled her eyes so far she was surprised she couldn't pull a Moody and see out the back of her head. "You're ridiculous."He didn't reply. Calla sat there nervously for a few moments, not knowing what to do - she had never seen one of these things before. She listened out for Dumbledore coming up the stairs, but he appeared to be soundless, and she didn't have the time to pull Harry away from the Pensieve as Dumbledore came in, staring. "I did try to stop him," she said meekly, flushing."He is curious," Dumbledore said. "I cannot blame him for that." He picked the basin up to place it on his desk, gesturing for Harry to sit down in the chair beside Calla.Despite how often Calla had been here, she could not recall ever being near this basin. "What is it?" Harry asked, voice rather shaky."It is called a Pensieve," Dumbledore told him. "I often find I have too many thoughts and memories crammed into my mind. I am sure you know the feeling." He nodded to Calla, who smiled tersely. "At such time, I use the Pensieve. One simply siphons the excess thoughts from one's mind, pours them into the basin, and examines them at one's leisure. It becomes easier to spot patterns and links in this form." Calla wondered why he had never shown her this before; it sounded like the sort of thing that would be useful for Occlumeny and for dealing with her visions."You mean..." Harry looked a combination of confused and horrified. "That stuff's your thoughts?""Certainly," Dumbledore said pleasantly, "let me show you."Taking his wand from his pocket, Dumbledore placed its tip against his hair, and pulled it away - and with it, a silvery, twisting strand of what Calla could only assume was his memories. It was a rather surreal idea that his memory could just be pulled out like that. He dropped the silver strand into the basin, and then swirled it around so it gained a silver sheen, before forming Snape's face in the strange depths. Frowning, Calla leaned forward, as Snape spoke out, "It's coming back... Karkaroff's too... stronger and clearer than ever.""A connection I could have made without assistance," said Dumbledore, "but never mind." He looked between Calla and Harry over his spectacles. "I was using the Pensieve when Mr Fudge arrived for our meeting, and put it away rather hastily. Undoubtedly I did not fasten the cabinet door properly. Naturally, it would have attracted your attention.""I'm sorry," Harry mumbled."Curiosity is not a sin," Dumbledore said kindly, shaking his head. "But we should exercise caution with our curiosity... yes, indeed..."With a slight frown, Dumbledore poked at the basin, causing it to swirl again and reform into the figure of a teenage girl. Her voice echoed as she said, "He put a hex on me, Professor Dumbledore, and I was only teasing him, sir, I only said I'd seen him kissing Florence behind the greenhouses last Thursday...""But why, Bertha," Dumbledore said sadly, eyes now turned towards the silent figure, "why did you have to follow him in the first place?""Bertha?" Harry whispered, as it clicked in Calla's mind. "Is that - was that Bertha Jorkins?""Yes." Dumbledore poked his thoughts once more and they faded back to silver. "That was Bertha as I remember her at school." There was something sad in his eyes that made him appear older. It occurred to Calla that, truly, he was already old. "So," Dumbledore said in his quiet voice, "Before it got lost in my thoughts, the two of you wished to tell me something?""Er, yes." Harry looked to Calla nervously, as though prompting her to speak."We were just in Divination," she said quietly."I fell asleep," Harry mumbled.Dumbledore merely nodded. "And?""Well, I had a dream," Harry told him. "About Lord Voldemort. He was torturing Wormtail - you know who Wormtail-""Yes," Dumbledore said, "continue.""He - Voldemort - got a letter from an owl. He said something like Wormtail's blunder had been repaired? Someone was dead. Then he said Wormtail wouldn't be fed to the snake - there was a snake beside the char. He said he'd be feeding me to it instead. Then he did the Cruciatus on Wormtail and my - my scar hurt. It woke me up, it hurt so badly." He paused, but Dumbledore said nothing. "That's all.""I see.""I thought it sounded like a vision," Calla said, "but Harry thinks it happened presently, not in the future.""Trelawney said I responded to the clairvoyant vibrations," Harry said, "but I don't think... I mean, I was already asleep so it's not like it was what made me pass out.""And you don't think these clairvoyant vibrations had anything to do with it?" Dumbledore asked lightly."Er, no, Professor," Harry said. "I reckon if that was the case I'd have been able to actually see something more than a pile of leaves in a teacup." Calla stifled a smile. "I think it might've been something to do with my scar.""I see. Has your scar hurt at any other time this year, excepting the time it woke you over the Summer?""No, I - how did you know-""Sirius and Remus both have been in correspondence," Dumbledore told him. He stood up, pacing the office as though he had rather forgotten their presence, though now and then he would add another thought to his Pensieve, until it turned into a simple blur of colours and barely defined shapes."Professor," Calla said quietly. "What is it?"He stopped, turning to look between the twins, and sat down again. "My apologies.""Do you..." Harry said. "D'you know why my scar's hurting me?""I have a theory," Dumbledore admitted slowly, "that your scar pains you when Voldemort is nearby, or when he is feeling a particularly strong emotion.""But why?""Because you and he are connected by the curse that failed. That is no ordinary scar.""So you think the dream really did happen?""It is possible," Dumbledore said. "I would say, probably. Harry, did you see Voldemort?""No," Harry said, "just the back of his chair." Calla frowned at that. Of course, it could mean nothing, but it was curious. "But there wouldn't be anything to see, would there? I mean, he hasn't got a body. But then how would he be holding a wand?""How indeed," Dumbledore mused. "How indeed..."Calla sank into thought. Her own scar ached a little, though she thought perhaps that was just her own imagination. If Harry was just now displaying a Seer's gift, it wasn't totally ridiculous - Seeing could often be a hereditary talent so for both of them to have the ability wasn't so unlikely - but it seemed to work in a different way than her visions did, just as they'd discussed during the Summer. There was a part of her that wanted to say the idea of Harry now being able to See was ridiculous, because she was the Seer of the family, but there was something strange going on."Professor," Harry said quietly after a few long moments of silence, "do you think he's getting stronger?""Voldemort?" The idea terrified Calla, but it was one she'd had before. Dumbledore fixed them both with his piercing blue gaze. "Once again, Harry, I can only give you my suspicions."He sighed, the words seemed to with on him before he spoke. "The years of Voldemort's ascent to power were marked with disappearances. Bertha Jorkins has vanished without a trace where Voldemort was known to be last. Mr Crouch too has disappeared within these very grounds. And there was a third disappearance, one which I regret to say many at the Ministry are not taking seriously, for it concerns a Muggle by the name of Frank Bryce. He lived in the village where Voldemort's father grew up, and he has not been seen since last August. You see, I read the Muggle newspaper, unlike most of my Ministry friends."Calla frowned. "You think Voldemort might have been there?" Dumbledore blinked, seemingly surprised. "In that village?" She remembered a house falling to disrepair, a snake in the kitchen, and her stomach swam. Nausea rolled over her."I think he may have been at some point," he said slowly. Calla wasn't sure that was the whole story. "But you remember Voldemort has no care for his Muggle parentage." She nodded, though the issue still bothered her. "But I do believe these disappearances are all linked. Unfortunately, as you heard, the Ministry disagrees.""The Ministry disagrees with anything that makes them look bad," Calla muttered.Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "A valid point.""Do Remus and Sirius know what you're thinking? You know they've been trying to track down Pettigrew and they've had a lot of theories, but they haven't found him.""I can only speculate," he said, which Calla took as a no. "And I feel Voldemort will only be seen when he wishes to be seen.""Well then we have to force him to be revealed," Calla said. "Both of them.""That is easier said than done," Dumbledore said. His eyes looked tired and sorrowful as they moved between the two of them. "And I fear that with the denial of the Ministry, there is little we can do. Time..." He sighed. "It will play out as it must."Silence fell after that. Dumbledore hadn't outright dismissed her, and yet Calla felt more downhearted than she had before. It didn't feel like he was properly listening. It will play out as it must. It almost sounded like Dumbledore was resigned to the idea of Voldemort returning. Like it was inevitable to him. Like he was going to let it happen."Professor," Harry began again after a moment, "that court thing in the Pensieve... Mr Crouch's son... Sirius mentioned him."Dumbledore nodded. "I am not surprised. Did Sirius mention the nature of his crime?""We already knew," Harry admitted quietly, "about Neville's parents. Remus told us, when he was telling us about Sirius and our parents and everything last year, but he made us promise not to repeat it to anyone else.""Those attacks caused a wave of fury such as I have never known," Dumbledore said. "They came just as everyone thought they were finally safe. The Ministry was under great stress to find those who were guilty, but given their condition, the Longbottoms' evidence was none too reliable.""So Mr Crouch's son might have been innocent?"Dumbledore shook his head. "I do not know."They paused in the quiet for another short moment before Harry said, "Mr Bagman...""...has never been accused of any Dark activity since.""Right. And, er-""No more has Professor Snape."Harry nodded, though Calla could tell he wanted to believe the opposite. "What made you believe he'd really stopped supporting Voldemort, sir?""That is a matter between Professor Snape and myself."Dumbledore's tone suggested finality, but Calla had one last thing to ask. "Professor," she started slowly, "we spoke to Professor Moody about what happened to Mr Crouch."He nodded. "I imagine you would have many questions.""Yes... I just thought, he had the map." Dumbledore raised his eyebrows. "But he didn't have it on him... When he went to find Crouch? So he couldn't find him and it just... he didn't really use it...""What is it you are trying to say, Calla?""Just... I don't really know, Professor. It just struck me as odd, is all."He considered her for a long moment. "I understand you are concerned. But I can assure you that Professor Moody has my utmost confidence, in both his character and his capability."She sensed that was the final dismissal. Nodding, she stood up with Harry and crossed to the door, lost in her thoughts. She and Professor Dumbledore hadn't discussed the matter of Voldemort much, often dancing around it, but she was sure he knew or at least thought more than he was letting on to either her or Harry. Maybe that was right - they were only children - but she figured of anyone, they were the ones who had to know what was going on.But whatever Dumbledore would or wouldn't say, Calla knew she had to be careful and she had to prepare herself for the worst. That meant practice and discipline and being good at the very things she always struggled with. She had to be able to defend herself and hold her own. She refused to fail.

"I'll never manage this," Calla said, after trying unsuccessfully to perform an Impediment Jinx on Terry, who had originally been deemed a brave volunteer and now looked entirely bored and like he would be risking more by studying for his History of Magic exam."You just have to feel it," Mandy said. "Really want it, see your objective.""Yeah, but it's really hard to want to jinx Terry!" Calla protested, looking to her friend, who went pink."That's so sweet of you," he said drily."You're so annoying," Lisa said for the sixth time that hour, scribbling Herbology notes."Shut up, Lisa," Isobel, Daphne and Terry all chorused at the same time. Calla grinned despite her frustrations."Come on," Terry said, drawing Calla's attention back to him and hopping from foot to foot. "Jinx me!""I'm trying!""Come on, now!""Terry-" He waggled his fingers in the air and leapt about like a bad football goalie. "What are you doing?""Come on, Potter! Hit me!" He grinned. "Hit me!""You look so ridiculous," she muttered.He shook his foot like he was trying to chuck his shoe off; Sue squealed and giggled. "Come on, come at me, hit me!""Impedimenta!" Calla shouted, drawing the sharp lines with her wand. A burst of red light leapt from her wand and she jumped back in surprise. It fizzled out just as it reached Terry, but he made a great show of falling over and doing a terrible forwards roll on the well-cushioned classroom floor."That was good!" he chirped, beaming with a smile to light up the whole room, and pushed hair from his eyes. "See, you can do it, you just need a little extra motivation!"His eyes lit up wickedly and he exchanged a glance with Isobel who, a second later, had hoisted a protesting Lisa to her feet. "I hate you all," she muttered, but she fixed her eyes on Calla and glared. "What, Potter? Try and hit me then.""I don't really want to jinx you either, Lisa.""What? Scared it won't work? Scared I'll get you back." She handed her wand to Mandy. Padma sighed and shook her head, returning to her Ancient Runes essay. "On you go then. Hit me. Jinx me." She grinned wickedly. "Bet you can't.""Impedimenta!" Calla shouted bitterly, and a great roar of light came from her wand, racing towards Lisa, who tried for a split second to move and then got stuck, before stumbling to the floor.She threw a cushion at Calla, yelling, "Bet you can't manage a Stunner!""Stupefy!" she yelled immediately, and though it didn't knock Lisa out, it did knock her back a bit. She grinned, getting slowly to her feet."You were right, Sue," she said, raising her eyebrows. "Potter isn't totally useless after all. Who would have known?"Three cushions smacked into Lisa, but Calla somehow found herself grinning. Was Lisa actually helping her, in her own reluctant way? "Well, I haven't fought you yet," she said, settling her face into a grim smile, "get your wand."Something like excited determination sparked in Lisa's eyes as Mandy handed it over. "Are you sure?" Terry asked Calla, but she nodded."Yeah." She tightened her ponytail and got herself into a Duelling stance. "Let's go, Turpin.""You're on, Potter."They shot spells back and forth; it wasn't long before Calla went on the defensive, Lisa being a much better Dueller than she was, but defensive spells had always been her area, and Lisa barely got any spells through her shield. "Furnuncula!" Calla yelled, just as Lisa shouted, "Tarantellegra!" Their spells rushed past one another in the air, and Lisa's left arm sprouted boils, while Calla's legs itched to dance - but the spell didn't hold.Lisa's spells kept on coming, while Calla took longer to focus on each of them before she felt ready to cast, she was beginning to notice. She could tell Lisa noticed it, too, and with her shield beginning to slip, she switched tack. "Finite!" she yelled at every spell that came her way, and they fizzled out in the sky as she dodged and ducked. She was enjoying this a little, and she could tell Lisa was, too, in her own weird way."Alarte ascendere!" Lisa shouted, and a bright white light shot at Calla. She instinctively raised her shield again, but she hadn't expected that spell at all and it caught her heel, sending her flying into the air."Babblio!" she shouted, aiming desperately at Lisa just as she came floating back down to the ground, landing as neatly as she could. Lisa pointed her wand and opened her mouth but all that came out was babbling. Calla grinned and raised her eyebrows, panting. "Well?" Lisa nodded, and Calla lifted the charm."That was unexpected," Lisa panted. "What was that? A babbling charm?""Yup. Simple but I guess it's effective.""Maybe. But I don't think any monsters are going to be stopped by a babbling charm. You should work on your shields, if they're the only thing you can reliably do." Then she shook her hair out, stuffed her wand back in her sleeve and said, "I'm done," before flouncing over to resume her revision.Calla could see Padma and Daphne laughing out the corner of her eye, and she felt a warm sort of laughter bubble up in her own chest. "Hey, Lisa," she called, "thanks.""I don't know what you're talking about," Lisa muttered. "You need all the help you can get, anyway.""Well, now that brief interlude is over with," Daphne said, getting up and skipping over. "Calla, run your creature plans by me again."XxThe next evening, she was in Professor Dumbledore's office again. It wasn't quite as exhausting a session as usual, and she rather got the impression that he was going easy on her. The sun was lowering in the sky when they finished. "The other day you and your brother were in my office... I sensed there was something you wanted to address, but didn't have the words to bring up.""Oh," she said, frowning. "Well, I suppose... I had a vision too."He raised his eyebrows though she didn't think he was surprised. "You did?""Yes," she said before she could stop herself. "I saw myself in a graveyard, and Harry was there too and he - well, someone - someone killed him and I heard Voldemort's voice and I know the Ministry isn't listening and I know you're..." Her voice cracked on a small sob of fear and frustration, and Calla broke off a moment, regathering herself with a deep and steadying breath. "I don't know, waiting to see what ground you're standing on, but I'm scared, Professor.""Quite natural.""But it's not! I'm scared my brother and I are going to be murdered, that isn't normal! And you - no one is listening!""I am listening, Calla.""It doesn't feel like it! It feels like you just think I'm being silly and overreacting. And I know you aren't telling me what I need to know.""Calla, I feel we often do not know ourselves what we truly need to know.""But I..." She sighed. "Professor, I'm sorry. But please, if there is anything you can think of that could lead us to him and protect me and my brother... It looked like he died.""You know as well as I do that your visions are only one possibility for the future.""But a likely possibility." She stared at him, rage filling her heart. It was like she'd never seen him before. "Don't you care? Or are you just waiting to see what happens, because it will 'play out as it must'?""I assure you, Calla," he said, something akin to grief in his eyes. "I care greatly about you and your brother. I will protect you as best as I can.""But I don't even know what you think that means.""Calla." His voice was sterner now. "Please trust me. Have I ever given you reason not to trust that I am doing what is in the best interests of the safety of you, your brother, and all my students?""The chamber of secrets-""Was out of my power.""Yes," she said softly. "And so's Voldemort."She sank back, feeling defeated. Dumbledore didn't speak again, and she felt horribly worried that she'd been wrong to speak so freely - but if she couldn't voice her concerns then how were they ever going to be addressed?"I am listening, Calla," the Headmaster said at last. "I have taken the issue of security up with the Minister and we are trying to see what we can do around such a big event, by possibly having some Aurors around. You aren't the only one concerned.""But that doesn't... He's always going to be after us, Harry especially, no matter what security you have.""Calla." His voice was stern enough to suggest it was his final word. "I am prepared. I can protect you and I am doing so, I swear it, even if you don't see it. Some things we cannot change, some we can. But stay close to your brother in the final task. Stay together, as I believe Professor Moody has told you to do."He nodded to dismiss her and Calla swallowed tightly, eyes burning with frustrated tears. He wasn't listening, no matter what he said, because he had already decided what he wanted and what he would do and he wasn't going to be swayed. He had a plan that he wouldn't tell her, and while she knew she was only a fourth year, not anyone special or powerful, she wanted to know, understand. She wanted to feel safe.But maybe she'd never really felt safe at Hogwarts anyway.She got to the door when Dumbledore spoke again. "Calla, I really think you ought to focus solely on the Tournament for the time being. Our sessions will resume after the Third Task." That was the final straw to make the ridiculous tears fall. Even as she told herself she had no reason to cry, everything just felt so wholly wrong. "Good luck."She didn't looked back at him as she left, slamming the door and storming down the stairs. Good luck. Luck wouldn't bloody save her from anything. It was just the shallow words of a man trying to keep her trust while doing nothing to deserve it. She knew she had many things to be grateful to him for but in that moment she was determined in her fury.There was nothing lucky about any of this. Luck didn't even matter. But there was one thing he was right on - she had to stick with her brother as planned. Because she knew whatever happened, even if no one else would protect them, not even Dumbledore, they would protect each other.XxHer final lesson with Trelawney before the Third Task, her teacher seemed most concerned. She was jittery and nervous from the moment Calla entered and kept looking at her with wide and sorrowful eyes that were mainly reserved for Harry. "What's wrong, Professor?" Calla asked her an hour in, when her nerves had become so apparent she almost spilled scalding hot tea over herself."What is wrong? Wrong!" Her voice was high and near to hysterical. "I have seen things, my dear, most terrible things - the altar, the crow, the wolf! You are in grave danger, more so than before, I fear you may not survive it! A great darkness is soon to befall this school! Not that the other professors..." She trailed off and sniffed. "Not all trust in the Inner Eye.""What sort of darkness?" Calla asked, with a pit of dread in her stomach. She knew the signs Trelawney spoke of: sacrifice, sorrow, betrayal."I cannot speak of it," Trelawney said. Her eyes shone with fear and worry. It was an expression Calla recognised; the fear of knowing and being too scared to speak that knowledge into the world, because of what it might mean. "Now, my dear." She drew herself up and took in a shaky breath. "Let us not dwell on fear. But I must ask if you are prepared for this task of yours?"Her voice had turned to concern, and for a moment it caught Calla off-guard. "I think so," she said finally, slowly. "Or as prepared as I can be.""There are dangers in your path... I see the great cauldron, smoke over the boundaries of life and death. A question mark hangs over your aura. Be warned, Calla. Do not rush forth in danger; let your Inner Eye guide you."She nodded numbly, wondering over what Trelawney had said. "Th-thank you, Professor."Trelawney nodded sagely. Her knuckles whitened as she tightened her grasp around her teacup. They didn't spend much longer there, for the sun was beginning to set and Calla was growing tired. But as she opened the trapdoor, Trelawney said in a low voice that had been stripped of mystery, "Good luck, my dear. I shall be joining the students in the stands... I do hope you do well."XxThe Ravenclaw dormitory was an incredibly stressful environment in the run up to the Third Task, not only because of Calla's nerves but because everyone else had to contend with exams, too. Despite this, they all seemed relatively understanding of the fact that her stakes were a lot higher than theirs. Even Lisa admitted it.Instead of practicing with the other Ravenclaws so much, Calla was working with Harry more to better co-ordinate their approach to the Third Task. Though they were meant to be entering at different times, they both intended to use the compass spell and hopefully end up finding each other. Their other idea was to use Patronuses - if Calla saw a silver stag she'd know Harry sent it, and hopefully from which direction, and with luck she hoped she might be able to produce enough of one, even if it wasn't corporeal, to be able to alert her brother. While she did want to win, she didn't want it to be at her brother's expense, and Moody's words about them working together had been correct. If someone was trying to hurt them through this Tournament, their best chance to protect each other was to stick together. She didn't know what they'd do if they reached the cup together, but they'd cross that bridge when they came to it. Moody had implied they could take it together, but she wasn't sure he meant it or had just let it slip trying to encourage them. But she told herself it wasn't what truly mattered; her priority was survival.Calla used the extra time the others were given for exams to nap, because her nights were increasingly consumed by nightmares and visions and the creeping feeling, as she lay awake in bed listening to the night, that with every second there was something coming closer. The feeling crept over her like a bug or a spider, growing, with its horrid legs clasping her shoulders, her wrists, stretching to her ankles as she lay."You look exhausted," Padma told her the morning of the Third Task before they went downstairs. The other girls had all already cleared out of the dormitory, and Calla was trying desperately to cover the bags under her eyes. "Did you sleep last night?""Not well," she said, thinking back to her nightmare. She'd been running and the she'd fallen and felt herself torn away from everything; she landed in a graveyard, surrounded by people with masks, blood flowing from a pale arm onto the grass. It had been stiflingly quiet, but she hadn't been able to scream or call anyone for help. That had always been her nightmares. She'd sunk to her feet, hopeless, crushed by the weight of her chest and she'd been falling through the floor of the earth and she was sure, as she stared in the mirror and tried to hold down tears that had sprung from God knew where, that she'd died in the dream. But she didn't tell Padma this. "I'll nap in History.""Yeah, well." Padma tugged Calla's hair behind her and squeezed her shoulders tightly. "I'm worried about you.""Isn't everyone?""You're my best friend," Padma told her quietly. "Just... Make sure you're safe. Get through this, and then you can sleep for as long as you want, right?" Calla tried to smile. Sometimes it felt like she'd never sleep again, even when she was so exhausted it was all she could think about doing. "I just... I love you, yeah? And I believe in you." She beamed, and drew Calla in for a tight hug. A moment later she brought her own arms up to clasp Padma tightly, burying her head on her friend's shoulder as tears spilled over. "Daphne and Izzy made a poster," Padma said. "Everyone's waiting downstairs, but you can take as long as you want and I'll stay with you."Calla didn't have the words to say how much that meant to her; how much all of it meant to her. So she said, "You're my best friend, too." She held her tighter. "You're... it sounds stupid, you're like my sister.""Good," Padma whispered, "cause you're mine and it'd be really awkward if you didn't feel the same."Calla giggled at that, eyes still wet with tears. "Thank you," she whispered, as she took a step back and glanced in the mirror again. "Jesus, I've ruined my makeup."Padma laughed as Calla reached again for her concealer and mascara. She ran her hands through Calla's hair, pleating it gently from the very top of her head. She leaned over to the side when she was done, leaning her chin on Calla's shoulder, appearing in the mirror with her. "You'll be alright," she said quietly. "No, you know what? You'll be brilliant."Calla laughed smally, and turned to look at Padma, smiling. "I'm ready now," she said, swallowing the lump in her throat and picking up her wand. "Let's go see what they've gotten up to, yeah?"With her robes on perfectly straight, her exhaustion covered up and her hair held back, Calla made herself smile and tilted her head up confidently as she descended the stairs into the common room. Almost immediately as she got down, someone set off a load of fireworks; another sent an origami dragon soaring through the air; Luna Lovegood blew an ornate looking violet horn that probably belonged to some creature Calla had never heard of. Isobel and Daphne had indeed made a poster; it hung over the largest window in the common room, and while it had a massive eagle raising its wings in the centre, someone had drawn pictures of her favourite book covers that were rotating the edges, and little pictures of Matilda and Moony raced along the top and bottom of the paper. Someone had also spelled out her name in Runes - and, she noted, included her middle name of Lily, which made her emotional in a way she didn't even know how to explain. Her hand went to the bracelet fastened tighter than ever around her wrist. For Lily. Yes, she thought. She would do this, she would make it through, for her mother and for her family and for her love. Padma squeezed her hand."We're behind you, Potter," said a fifth year boy, and a cheer went up that made Calla want to cry of gratitude."Th-thank you," She stammered out, her cheeks blazing. There was a very different lump in her throat now. "This is... This is really, really sweet."And all of a sudden people were pressing against her, Padma and Daphne and Isobel hugging her tightly, her other yearmates piling on. She caught Terry's eye over Daphne's shoulder as they finally pulled apart and he grinned, flushed. "Did you like the books?""That was you?" Of course, she should have known, she thought as she ducked to hug him tightly. "That was brilliant!" It meant something to know someone had thought of the part of her that was Muggle, had considered the Muggle books she liked, and it made her so, so thankful for him. "Thank you!""Well," he said, flushing, "I thought it would be a nice touch.""We made a cake, too!" Daphne said, grabbing Calla's hand and dragging her over to a table by the window. "We're taking it to breakfast."The cake was massive, four tiers tall and iced in the various colours of Ravenclaw blue, baby pink, shining silver and bright violet. "Jesus," she said, and pressed her hands to her mouth, eyes shining. "This is way too much!""Well, it's not all for you," Daphne said, "we're sharing the cake.""But you made it! And the poster! And - and-" She looked around, still half-stunned. "And you got everyone here!""Everyone wanted to show their support," Isobel said. "Apparently, people like you. Plus, we kind of deserve a bit of fame and glory now, don't we?"A laugh threatened to bubble out of her as she grabbed her friends and pulled them all in for tight hugs, giggling. "Padma just said it was a poster!""I didn't want to spoil the whole surprise," she said, laughing, and grabbed her hand. "Come on. Let's get you to breakfast so we can show off our champion."Her house seemed to push her towards the Great Hall in a wave of people, surging along the corridor. Calla didn't think she'd ever seen Ravenclaw house quite so united, all away from studying and books and weird and wonderful creation and instead putting their energy into supporting her. Her. She was beaming all the way into the Great Hall, all the way through breakfast that was comprised mainly of cake and the strawberries and bananas Padma made her eat for a balanced diet. Fleur caught her eye along the table halfway through breakfast and smiled amidst her own school's celebrations.It was hard to miss Harry's entrance; the whole of the Gryffindor Table rose up as one to greet him, roaring and clapping, some boys jumping up onto the table, but no one was stopping them. Calla grinned and laughed and clapped along with them all, for as much as her brother was annoying her, his house's energy was infectious, and she still couldn't stop herself from cheering for her brother. He caught her eye across the hall and beamed and she beamed back.It was halfway through breakfast when the owls flew down into the hall, bearing copies of the Daily Prophet. "You're joking," Isobel muttered over her own copy, handing it over to Calla. "You're not going to like this.""Oh, brilliant," Calla sighed, taking it wearily. She would put money on Rita Skeeter having written some more nonsense. "Just what I need today." Her eyes scanned the page and she let out a disgusted scoff.HARRY POTTER: DISTURBED AND DANGEROUSThe boy who defeated He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is unstable and possibly dangerous, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent.Calla sword loudly, gaining some looks from her peers. "She's doing this again? That absolute..." She groaned, forcing herself to read on.Alarming evidence has recently come to light about Harry Potter's strange behavior, which casts doubts upon his suitability to compete in a demanding competition like the Triwizard Tournament, or even to attend Hogwarts School.Potter, the Daily Prophet can exclusively reveal, regularly collapses at school, and is often heard to complain of pain in the scar on his forehead (relic of the curse with which You-Know-Who attempted to kill him). Monday last, this Daily Prophet reporter witnessed Potter storming from his Divination classroom, claiming pain from his scar prevented him from studying. It is possible, say top experts at St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, that much like his sister (who Daily Prophet readers may recall made her own claims to clairvoyance and 'visions' in December), Potter's brain was affected by the attack inflicted upon him by You-Know-Who, and that his insistence that the scar is still hurting is an expression of his deep-seated confusion.'He might even be pretending,' said one specialist. 'This could be a plea for attention.'The Daily Prophet, however, has unearthed worrying facts about Harry Potter.'Potter can speak Parseltongue,' reveals Draco Malfoy, a Hogwarts fourth year."Oh, that absolute bastard."'There were a lot of attacks on students a couple of years ago, and most people thought Potter was behind them after they saw him lose his temper at a dueling club and set a snake on another boy. It was all hushed up, though. But he's made friends with giants and werewolves too, we think he'd do anything for a bit of attention.'Parseltongue, the ability to converse with snakes, has long been considered a Dark Art. Indeed, the most famous Parselmouth of our times is none other than You-Know-Who himself. A member of the Dark Force Defense League, who wished to remain unnamed, stated that he would regard any wizard who could speak Parseltongue as worthy of investigation.'Personally, I would be highly suspicious of anybody who could converse with snakes, as serpents are often used in the worst kinds of Dark Magic, and are historically associated with evildoers.' Similarly, that 'anyone who seeks out the company of such vicious creatures as werewolves and giants would appear to have a fondness for violence.'In addition to his proclivity towards such monsters as werewolves and giants, Potter's own godfather is none other than the alleged murderer Sirius Black, whom he defended at a trial last July. While Black was declared as innocent, Peter Pettigrew - who was blamed for his crimes and of faking his own death - has still not surfaced, and many doubt the decision of the Wizengamot to clear him of his charges. Such a closeness to dangerous creatures and people surely raises alarms not only with students but with their parents.Albus Dumbledore should surely consider whether a boy such as this should be allowed to compete in the Triwizard Tournament, the final task of which shall be taking place this evening. Certainly, Potter's own sister has had her own fair shar struggles during the Tournament, and there are concerns that their heated sibling rivalry may be taken too far."My own troubles," Calla muttered furiously. "She loves those troubles when she wrote her stupid article!"Even with extra security measures being taken at the school, Potter's behaviour raises concerns. All will surely be revealed tonight when the Third Task of the Triwizard Tournament commences at Hogwarts School."I hate her," she said, folding the paper and handing it back to Isobel. "You know, I really do.""I thought she wasn't meant to be around the school," Daphne said, frowning. "But that said she'd witnessed Harry leaving your Divination class.""Yeah," Padma said slowly, "but I didn't see her hanging around anywhere even after you left.""And I didn't see her either," Calla muttered, confused. "So how... Oh, I wish I had my map!""There must be something we've missed," Padma said. "That I didn't see - but I swear, Calla, I didn't see her anywhere."Calla groaned, putting her head in her hands. Today was already off to a wretched start. "Is there any more cake?"At the end of breakfast, just as Calla was about to head to Binns' classroom with Padma and Daphne to get a nap in during their quiet exam, Professor Flitwick came hurrying along by the Ravenclaw Table. She didn't realise he was there until he was right behind her, and she jumped. "Sorry, Professor!" she yelped. "I didn't see you there.""Yes, yes," Flitwick said, shaking his head. "I get that a lot, funnily enough. Now, you're to come with me, Potter.""What? Why?" She stared at him. The task wasn't due to start until later that evening, she had written it in her diary and double and triple checked and then checked it every day for the last fortnight."The champions' families are to visit them before the Third Task.""My family?" She somehow couldn't imagine the Dursleys coming all this way to see her compete in a wizarding Tournament. The idea made her laugh. But maybe Remus had come to see her? Or Sirius? Both?"Yes," Flitwick said, with a wide and warm smile. "Your family. Now come along, Miss Patil and Miss Greengrass have an exam to be getting to. You'll see each other again at lunch."Seemingly satisfied with this, Padma and Daphne both hugged Calla tightly and hurried out the Great Hall towards their exam and Calla followed Flitwick slowly to a little room off the side of the hall. They met with Harry and McGonagall just as they did so, and Harry grinned at Calla. "How are you feeling?" he asked, and she nodded."Okay. Okay, I think. A bit tired, and nervous, and a little sick but that was probably too much cake to be honest." She chuckled, shaking her head. "And you?""Terrified," he admitted, and Calla laughed loudly, pulling him in for a one-armed hug."You'll be fantastic," she promised him. "And we'll both be fine."His eyes drifted down to linger on her wrist and Harry smiled. "You've got Mum's bracelet on?""It's like good luck," she told him, twisting it around her wrist. "And... I like the idea that I've got a bit of her with me.""Yeah." Harry smiled. "It's nice."They looked up as they went inside the room, and Calla's face lit up. Not only was Remus there with Sirius, but Mrs Weasley had come to see them too, with Bill. "Remus!" she yelled, breaking into a run towards them. "I didn't know you'd be here now!""Of course we are," he said, chuckling as Calla and Harry both beamed. "We would never miss it.""And Mrs Weasley," she said, grinning. "I didn't know you'd be here, either!""Well, Bill wanted to see the task and I spoke to Remus and Sirius and we agreed it would be nice to see the two of you." She bent down to kiss Calla on the cheek, and then Harry."Thank you," Calla whispered, beaming. "Y-you really didn't have to.""Nonsense," Mrs Weasley said, as Bill stuck out his hand to Calla."You alright? Charlie wanted to get time off, but he's busy in Romania. He told us all about how you handled that Ukrainian Ironbelly - he was very impressed.""Oh." Calla could feel herself blushing bright red. "Well, tell him thanks.""I haven't seen this place in five years," Bill said, staring around. "It's good to be back at Hogwarts.""It is, isn't it?" Sirius said. He was staring around too; Calla supposed in a way, he was re-seeing it again, from the lens of a free man with more to consider than vengeance."Is Sir Cadogan still here?" Bill asked. "The mad knight?""Oh, yeah," Harry said. "He's definitely still here, you couldn't miss him."Bill chuckled. "And the Fat Lady? Still guarding Gryffindor Tower?""She was here in our time," Mrs Weasley said, and Remus and Sirius both nodded, exchanging a glance. "She gave me such a telling off one night when I got back to my dormitory at four in the morning-""What were you doing wandering about at four in the morning?" Bill asked incredulously. Remus laughed."Your father and I had been for a nighttime stroll," said Mrs Weasley, her eyes twinkling. "He got caught by Apollyon Pringle - he was caretaker in those days - and he's still got the marks.""Four in the morning's nothing," Sirius said with a grin. "Remember, Remus, that one time after Gryffindor won the cup in sixth year when-""How about you give us the grand tour?" Remus said to Calla and Harry, cutting off a very put out looking Sirius. Calla would have to get that story out of him later."Yeah, alright," Harry said, grinning."I wanna know what happened in sixth year," Calla told Sirius with a grin."Another time, another time," he said, as Harry and Remus were already leading Bill and Mrs Weasley out of the chamber. "It'll be worth the wait, I assure you."Amos Diggory had already caught up to Harry, Calla realised as they hurried to join them. "There you are, are you?" he was saying loudly. "Not feeling quite so full of yourself now Cedric's caught you up on points, are you?""What?" said Harry, staring at him. Calla glared."Ignore him," Cedric said in a low voice, "he's been bitter ever since that Prophet article made out you and Calla were the only Hogwarts competitors.""Didn't bother to correct her though, did they?" Amos said. "Still, you'll beat them, Ced... Done it before, haven't you?"Calla moved away uncomfortably, reminded suddenly of Skeeter's article and all those previously. Her good mood from earlier had deflated a little; everyone's faith in her was misplaced, she decided with a bitter scowl to only herself. She wasn't going to win. She wasn't going to come close. She was still fourth; and only avoided being last because Fleur had failed the last task, not due to her own skill.But before she could dwell on it for too long, they were leaving and the others all seemed determined to have a pleasant day, so Calla made herself smile and forgot about it as best as she could. Who cared what Rita Skeeter said? She still had tonight.They showed off the Beauxbatons carriage and the Durmstrang boat, and Mrs Weasley reminisced about the Whomping Willow while Calla and Remus exchanged significant looks. Then she decided to show them the entrance to Ravenclaw Tower and the marvellous eagle doorknocker, though she obviously couldn't let them in, but Bill seemed quite amused by the riddle."How's Percy?" Harry asked as they strode down the stairs again."Not good," said Bill. "He's very upset about Mr Crouch.""The Ministry want to keep Crouch's disappearance quiet," said Mrs Weasley, lowering her voice, "but Percy's been hauled up for questioning about the instructions Crouch had been sending in. They seem to think there's a chance they weren't genuinely written by him. Percy has been under a lot of strain. They aren't letting him fill in as a judge for tonight; Cornelius Fudge is doing it." Calla wanted to think that was reassuring - that if anything bad did happen tonight as she was so worried it would, that the Minister himself could do something - but it wasn't as reassuring as it really should have been.They returned to the castle for lunch, Calla taking Remus and Sirius to the Ravenclaw Table with her and Mrs Weasley and Bill going to Gryffindor where their family would be. Whispers went up and down the table as they approached, and part of Calla considered having asked Sirius to turn into a dog before they went in - not just because his presence was clearly startling some people, but because she wanted to see the look on Lisa's face if she turned up with a massive dog. "Professor Lupin?" Isobel said loudly, and she and Michael and Terry all stood up hastily.He smiled, looking like he was going to laugh. "None of that, please. I am not your professor anymore. I'm simply fulfilling my role as a godfather." He looked at Calla, who beamed back as they sat down."Hey, Sirius!" Daphne greeted excitedly as she and Padma hurried into the hall. "Nice jacket.""Thank you, Daphne," Sirius said, looking like he was going to laugh."How'd the exam go?" Calla asked Padma, who sat opposite her."Not my best, but I've definitely gotten at least an A, probably an E, though I don't want to speak too soon. Are you here for the Third Task then?" she asked Remus and Sirius, who both nodded."Champions' families get to visit today," Remus explained. "We wouldn't miss it. Molly and Bill are with Harry at the minute if you'd like to say hello.""The red-haired man," Fleur said to Calla as she and her family stopped by, "he is a relative of yours?""He's Ron's brother," Calla said, laughing at the quietly admiring look on Fleur's face. "Ron Weasley. His name's Bill, he works for Gringotts." And she gave Fleur the sort of nod that confirmed she knew Bill was single. Fleur smiled, flipped her hair over her shoulder and continued merrily down the hall to sit with the other Beauxbatons students and her parents and Gabrielle."So, how have your exams gone?" Remus asked Daphne and Padma. "I trust you're all doing well in Defense Against the Dark Arts?"They spoke about that for a while, though Calla grew quite bored and instead joined Sirius - who had also grown bored of exam talk - in conversation with Isobel and Terry, who both seemed to think he was really cool. "Yeah, Snape doesn't like me," Isobel was saying. "He's a prick, but Terry thinks it's also because I keep experimenting with the recipes and it's 'dangerous' to blow up cauldrons in the name of magic."Sirius roared with laughter. "Well, it is!" Terry told her."But I just said, if I can't live out my childhood dream of being a mad scientist anymore, then they shouldn't try to stop me from being a mad witch either! Or mad potioneer? Whatever it is.""You're just mad," Calla told Isobel, grinning.They spent the rest of the afternoon wandering the school grounds, before Calla and Harry returned to the Great Hall for the feast. They squeezed each other's hands nervously as they separated. "You should have pasta," Padma told Calla. "It's good for your energy levels.""Or have some more cake," Daphne said, waving it temptingly in front of Calla's face."I don't think I could eat either," she admitted, feeling rather nauseous now the excitement of seeing Remus, Sirius and the Weasleys had worn off. She still hadn't slept today, and she felt very heavy. "I think I might just nap.""You can't have a nap in the middle of a feast!"Isobel said in horror as Calla shut her eyes. "Tell her, Padma!""Ten minutes," Padma told her. "Power nap. But you do have to eat, or you'll feel worse."She did eat, but not much, and when she looked at the Gryffindor Table she could tell Harry was feeling much the same as she was. Her nerves just kept building right up until Dumbledore stood at the staff table and said loudly, "Ladies and gentlemen, in five minutes' time I will be asking you to make your way down to the Quidditch Pitch for the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament. Would the champions please follow Mr Bagman down to the pitch now."Calla felt like she was going to be sick. Remus and Sirius both hugged her tightly and offered her luck, and Padma and Daphne held her so tight she thought they might break her ribs before anything in the maze had the chance to. The whole table cheered her out of the hall, and Fleur came to her side, looking nervous but smiling all the same."You are ready?" she asked Calla as they followed the boys."Ready as I'll ever be," she muttered in response."Yes." Fleur nodded nervously. "Yes. We will do well, I think. We are not supposed to help one another, but..." She looked at Calla gently. "Good luck. Look after yourself, Calla. If you need me, truly need me, I will try to help you. Us girls have to stick together."Calla smiled, cheeks flushing. Her stomach gave a flip and she stumbled over her words a little. "You're right," she said. "Same goes for you, just - just say the word."Fleur laughed sweetly as they went over the stone steps into the grounds. "Of course."She ran over all the spells she'd memorised as they went quietly down to the maze. It was a comfort that she could remember them all, even if she was far from certain about her capabilities to actually perform them.It was eerie when they reached the maze at last, the five of them standing at the entrance. She could only see a little ways inside, shadows hanging over the hedges. She and Harry exchanged tense glances. Cedric said something quietly to Fleur, who nodded and smiled. Krum stood sullenly, arms folded, and Calla sent him what she hoped was an encouraging smile. He blinked at her, and nodded stiffly a moment later.Gradually, the stands begun to fill up with students and families. Some people from the Ministry loitered around, though Calla wasn't sure how many - if any - of them were Aurors. She spied Padma, Daphne, and Isobel blowing kisses from the stands with the poster hanging behind them - much to the annoyance of whoever was sitting behind it. Sue was sitting on Terry's shoulders and Mandy on Anthony's, holding up a banner with Calla's name on it and she beamed as she waved to them all. Remus and Sirius were sitting near the front with Bill, Mrs Weasley, Ron and Hermione, who were grinning and waving enthusiastically to them.The stars were starting to come out now, dotting the clear, deep blue sky. Hagrid, Professor Flitwick, Professor McGonagall and Professor Moody were making their way over to the champions at the maze's entrance, each of them with bright red stars on the top of their hats, all except for Hagrid, who had his on the back of a moleskin waistcoat."We are going to be patrolling the edges of the maze," McGonagall told the five champions. "If you get into difficulty, and wish to be rescued, send up red sparks, and one of us will come and get you, do you understand?"They all nodded. Calla was relieved there was at least some sort of back-up plan for if this went terrible wrong, but she didn't want to have to use it. No, she was determined to see this through. "Off you go, then!" Bagman said excitedly to the professors, practically bouncing."Good luck, Harry, Calla!" Hagrid said as he left, beaming. Flitwick gave Calla a quick, encouraging smile before he darted off in the opposite direction, disappearing."Sonorous," Bagman said once they had gone, and the stands were full. His magically amplified voice filled the air. "Ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament is about to begin! Let me remind you how the points currently stand! Tied in first place, on eighty-five points each, Mister Cedric Diggory and Mister Harry Potter, both of Hogwarts!" The crowd roared its applause, Remus and Sirius both beaming out at them from the stands. Calla's stomach did a nervous flip. "In second place, with seventy-five points, Mister Viktor Krum of Durmstrang!" Again, the stands roared with applause for Krum. Calla tapped her wand nervously against her side. "In third place, Miss Calla Potter of Hogwarts, on seventy-two points!" More applause, to Calla's relief; she could hear Padma, Daphne and Isobel whooping and cheering loudly. "And in fourth place, Miss Fleur Delacour from Beauxbatons Academy, with fifty-five points!" Polite applause for Fleur, too."So, on my whistle," said Bagman. "Harry, Cedric. Three - two - one!"He blew sharply on his whistle and Harry and Cedric went together into the maze, the bushes closing darkly and sinisterly behind them. Calla exchanged a nervous glance with Fleur, who nodded grimly at her. At the second whistle, the hedges opened again and Krum rushed in. Calla tightened her grip on her wand. She felt so tired now, and fear and dread ran all through her. Yet she knew that if she could just get through this night, just stay alive and stick with Harry until someone got the cup, then maybe they would both be okay.But first she had to survive the night. The third whistle blew and the bushes parted for her. She took a deep breath, smiled shakily at the crowd in the stands, turned, and made her way into the darkness.Author's Note: Sorry to leave this one on a bit of a cliffhanger, but the chapter was getting a bit too long and I figured isolating the events in the maze would be for the best pacing-wise! But the good news is, that chapter is pretty near ready and should be put up in the next few days! We're obviously getting close to the end of fourth year (I think there's about six chapters left) and to the graveyard. Without giving too much away, there will be some changes in how it all plays out, and I hope that you guys enjoy how it turns out! Let me know what you think/any predictions for the next few chapters!

The sounds of the crowd outside receded, and she made her way through tremulously, hand tight around her wand for all the good she knew it could do her in a fight.She had no idea where Harry was, but she heard the fourth and final blow of the whistle and knew Fleur had just entered. They were all there now, all ready. She didn't know how long she would be in there for. It was mere minutes before she came to a crossroads. Left or right. She glanced either way, closing her eyes for a moment and trying to feel her way on instinct. Turning left, she went on through the maze with her eyes now opened wide and on high alert for anything that might sneak from the shadows to attack her.But there was nothing, and that unsettled her more than anything. She turned right and left and left again, twisting and turning through the maze, with the heavy weight of nerves and paranoia settled upon her shoulders. She was sure she should have been able to find her way better. How long had she been in here now? She kept an ear out, trying to see if she could find Harry at all, but there was no sign of him.Nervously, and hoping it wouldn't alert anything else to her whereabouts, Calla pulled out her wand and whispered, "Expecto patronum." She pictured herself clasping the cup, imagined her friends all cheering for her victory, and silver wisped from the tip. It formed only a strange, slightly feathery-looking ball, and faded a little as it flew out of sight. She didn't know if Harry would even recognise it, or see it at all.The moon was bright in the sky now. She stood pondering at an intersection in the silence, when something burst through the bushes on her right.She turned around sharply, wand out, as a shadow of something came running towards her, dark against the moonlit bushes. She took a nervous step back, heart hammering, as the thing came into focus. It might have been a bull, but she could see the goldish tint to its smooth skin, and the long, straight horns rather short, curly ones, that stuck out from its head. A Bicorn. A stream of curses ran through her head as she tried to shift its focus away, but the Bicorn was already charging towards her. With a small shriek, she dodged out of the way, running as fast as she could in the other direction from the Bicorn, turning every corner she came to until she found a dead end.Its hooves were loud behind her, and Calla had only enough time to dodge out of the way before it crashed into the hedge, letting out a roar of fury. She didn't take any chances by lingering, and bolted in the other direction. After five minutes, with a stitch in her side, Calla came to a stop, panting. That was close, but she knew a Bicorn was far from the worst thing she could encounter in the maze. She needed to be quicker, even though she felt exhausted.She forced her eyes to stay open, wishing she had a water bottle with her, and kept on going, eyes scanning the maze and ears open, ready to hear any movements towards her. It felt like she was going in circles, though she wished she knew where she was meant to be going. She whispered, "Point me," but her wand just turned wildly in her palm and did nothing to help her find her way.Instead, Calla paused, taking a steadying breath. While it was quiet, she had to give herself some time to think. There was still no sign of Harry, and she was getting worried. But she had to trust that he was okay. She'd do him no service by getting herself killed, or too injured to help if he did get into trouble. She racked her brain, and then something metal caught her eye; a grate with runes engraved around its corners. Each of them was encased in a circle, ready for activation. She recognised kannaz and eihwaz, but the others seemed a mix of different characters she hadn't yet studied. Frowning, she pulled away, listening out for any other movements nearby, and decided to carry on. Maybe if she trusted her Seer instincts, they would lead her in the correct direction.And then, she realised something. Smiling, she plucked a large leaf from the hedges, and with the tip of her wand carefully drew out a silver kannaz rune, before multiplying the leaf. To her delight, it worked, and she had a bundle in her arms. If she ended up walking in circles, she would know soon enough, and if she got into trouble she'd have a marked point to return to. Carefully, as she went onwards, Calla dropped the leaves onto the ground, the silver kannaz pattern glowing in the moonlight.She kept on like that for a considerable time, certain she was getting nowhere but confident that she would now have a way of knowing and re-planning. Just as she turned a corner, seeing faint blue light nearby, she could hear a faint scuttling from nearby her, and turned quickly, trying to locate the sound. Something was clicking as it came near, like pincers. Her stomach dropped as she hurried onwards, the sound fading only a little. But even as it did, she couldn't shake the feeling that running was in vain; she was stuck in the shadows and only able to hear her heart, and the rustle of leaves, and the sound of some creature, whatever it was, coming closer. She couldn't avoid it; even with nothing truly near her, she could feel anxiety and paranoia crawling over her back and arms, seizing her. How long had she been in here? An hour a least, she was sure, but it felt like forever.Something fluttered at the top of one of the hedges. Calla crouched down, bending her knees and she shuffled on forward. "Lumos," she whispered as the ground darkened, and she squinted to find her way. There was something glinting up ahead, something steely. Frowning, she headed towards it, wondering if it were a clue of some sorts. But it was another of those metal grates; different this time. She frowned, and crouched down to get a better look at it. There were different runes carved into it than on the other one, she realised, and lowered her wand so she could see them better in the light. There was one at each of the grate's seven corners; the eihwaz '' rune for yew tree at the top and two bottom points, and at the other four points were the mannaz, nauthiz, laguz and geb runes - m, n, l and g. The transliteration didn't necessarily mean anything, but she could hear the rush of water all of a sudden, and she knew what those runes all meant: man, need, water and gift. Perhaps... She was parched, after all.She touched the grate nervously, hoping it might help, but a moment later that scuttling sound reappeared, louder than before. Calla turned around, startled, as three giant acromantulae crept out of the shadows towards her. She swore loudly, leaping to her feet. What was the spell to get rid of spiders? It felt like it was just at the edge of her memory, as she leapt nervously from foot to foot, panic rising in her throat and crowding her chest. She wracked her brain, the spiders coming ever closer, until she remembered. "Arania exumai!"Nothing happened.Not the time, she thought bitterly, and raised her wand again at the spiders. "Arania exumai!" Again, there was nothing but a faint wisp of blue light. "For God's sake," she muttered, tapping the tip of her wand irritatedly against her leg. The acromantulae came closer; the leader's scarlet eyes glinted like pools of blood in the moonlight. "Arania exumai!" A small jet of blue light shot out and hit the spider on the left; it went flying back into the air, its many legs flailing.For a second, she grinned in victory, and was about to turn on the other two only to find that they were running at her now, even faster. She swore loudly, turning around and in her panic went sprawling to the ground. The bundle leaves flew from her hand, falling softly around her. "Impedimenta!" she yelled, aiming helplessly at the acromantulae, but it didn't do anything. She scrambled away, but something had just grabbed her by the ankle.Yelling, she floundered for control of her wand, and panicked as she was half-dragged into the hedge. One of the spiders grabbed her and she screamed, eyes catching on the seven pointed grate, and in a fit of panic and desperation, she pushed away from the spider's grasp, gripped her wand and traced a messy, shaky circle around the laguz rune.A jet of water rushed from the space between the metal links, rising in the air, blasting her wand from her hand, and then rushing back down towards the Acromantulae. Calla shrieked, but the Acromantulae were stunned enough to let go of her and she scrambled to her feet. Her wand was rushing down in the river that had suddenly sprung up, and she waded tiredly through the deep water, lunging for it. The weight of her robes in the water dragged her down, but she fumbled and gripped her wand as tightly as she could, letting the current push her along until the water slowed to a stream and then a dribble and, soaking wet, she staggered to her feet, panting.Where was she now? She had no idea, but the hedges seemed higher and thicker, and she was also sopping wet, and getting colder. Shivering a bit, she tried to cast a drying spell on herself, but it didn't work very well; she wasn't soaking anymore, but she was still very much damp, and surely her hair would be a wreck. She was just glad it was still in its plait."Right," she muttered to herself. "Come on."She kept on going, treading along the path between the hedges. She wondered if she'd ever come across any of the others; where was Harry? She wished he was here with her now. Feeling very heavy, she trudged on, thinking and wondering. Was someone close to the cup by now? Was it on the verge of being won, of all of this being over? Her head spun with images as she went further into the maze, going around and around in hopeless circles. A cauldron, bubbling and boiling, herself limp and cold, her brother screaming. Her stomach twisted; she had to stop torturing herself with this, she knew, but she didn't know what else she could do.It might happen years from now, or it might happen in days. Would it happen tonight? Her gut twisted in fear and she quickened her pace, and shrilly called out, "Harry?"She hadn't expected a reply, and she didn't get one either. Where was he? Where were any of the other champions? Her heart hammered in her chest as she turned left, mind racing, the image of the Triwizard Cup burning in her mind.Something collided abruptly with her and she went sprawling to the ground, holding back a shriek. With one hand tight around her wand, she stared up, panting. "Fleur," she said, getting to her feet. "Jesus, you frightened the life out of me. You alright?" Her head was throbbing, but Fleur was staring at something over her shoulder, wand raised at the ready. Her stomach swooped in terror as she twisted; there was something in the bushes.She hurried backwards, heart hammering. Was it - no, it couldn't be... Couldn't be Voldemort. No. She was paranoid, she knew that. There were many things in the maze, after all. "There is something there," Fleur whispered."Yeah."She made to say more but no words would come; she trailed off, moving back so she was just in front of Fleur. Fleur put an arm out, just in front of Calla, shifting forward. She seemed to be shaking; Calla was, too. "There were Acromantulae earlier," she whispered. "I got rid of them... but I don't know what else might be in here.""I do not like-"Fleur was cut off sharply by a beam of red light flying straight towards her. She screamed just before it hit her, as she and Calla both lunged to the side, crashing into one of the hedges. "Who was that?" Calla whispered."I do not know!" Fleur snapped, scraping a twig out of her hair. "One of the boys!"Calla murmured, "Protego," and a faint, shimmering wall of blue went up before her and Fleur, just in case their attacker struck again.There was a sound like twigs snapping as another jet of light shot towards them; it fizzled out at Calla's shield and before their attacker could try again, she grabbed Fleur and ran as fast as she could, twisting through the hedges until they couldn't hear anyone and it was silent."Well," Fleur panted, her hair having come undone and her face white. She sank to the ground. "I think we have lost him."Calla nodded numbly. "Who was that?""Who?" Fleur asked. "I do not know. It would not be Cedric.""It wouldn't be Harry, either," Calla said, panting. Her mind span. "But surely Krum...""I do not know," Fleur said again, and she got elegantly to her feet. She held out a hand to Calla, pulling her up, too. "Be careful.""Should..." Calla faltered nervously. She hated being in here on her own, the shadows and the hedges pressing down on her. "Should we stick together? Just for a bit?"Fleur hesitated a moment. She sounded like she was listening out; a twig snapped somewhere nearby, beyond the next hedges. "Yes," she said, pointing her wand at the ground. "Just for... a short while."They went on together, both of them with their wands out. They were pressed almost shoulder to shoulder, and Calla was all too aware of the proximity. It set her on edge, but not in a scared way."We'll go this direction," Fleur told Calla, veering to the left. The other path between the hedges was dark and almost misty; Calla nodded in agreement and followed Fleur, grateful for the company. "Pointe moi," she said, and her wand lit up, a shimmery compass spinning at the tip. "This way is East. Come.""You look freezing," she said a moment later as they continued in the dark, and pointed her wand at Calla. She flinched in response, but she didn't feel nervous. She almost felt safe with Fleur here. She just smiled gently and conducted a drying charm. Instantly, Calla felt warmer. "There you are." It was only a few minutes before they came to a fork on the road, and glanced at each other nervously."I go left, you go right?" Calla suggested, and Fleur nodded.She reached out a hand gently, and with a moment of nervous hesitation, Calla took it. It was warm, and something settled within her. "Good luck," she told her. "Be careful." Then she turned and disappeared through the dark hedges and Calla was left alone again, only a little bit warmer.Deciding to try the point-me spell again, Calla saw that she was heading North-West now, which wasn't entirely helpful because she didn't know what direction the Cup was in. But at least she would know what way she was going.An eye on the spinning compass at the end of her wandtip, Calla kept on going in the same direction. After five minutes, she decided to go the other way, hoping she'd run across a marker of some sort at some point. If only they had a map... If only she had her map, she thought with a scowl.She heard a shout somewhere nearby, and the hedges lit up a bright red. Someone yelled, and it sounded like Harry. Her heart plummeted into the bottom of her stomach and she broke into a run, going towards the source of the sound. "Bombarda!" she yelled, blasting a hedge apart to run through it, the leaves mildly smoking. There was no one there, but she could hear the sounds of a scuffle up ahead, and went running towards it.But something pushed her back. She went flying into the air, landing harshly on her knees, which scraped against the ground. Swearing again, she blinked out the hot tears of pain, and staggered to her feet. The sounds of people had died out again; she turned a corner and went the other way, ears ringing. Her stomach was tumbling around like a washing machine. How much longer would she be here? "Harry?" There was no reply. She tried to swallow down the lump of terror in her throat.The maze seemed to go on forever as she turned and turned and turned again, hands shaking, growing more and more tired. How late was the hour, now? How long had she been awake? She'd barely gotten a few hours of sleep last night, and she was sure that the only reason she'd gotten through the maze so far was because fear-fuelled adrenaline was keeping her awake. At least her body was sort of on her side.Then she rounded a corner and her heart plummeted into her stomach. Her knees shook and her very blood ran cold, nausea swelling in her throat as her head rang with terror. She met blood-red eyes and the cold smile of a dead memory. Tom Riddle.Not real, she reminded herself as the figure came towards her and she felt herself numbing. Her wand slipped from her hand. Not real, not here, not now.And then the cold, unwelcome voice rasped, Mine. This is mine. The figure of Tom Riddle reached out a hand and Calla scrambled back, heart pounding so loudly she could hardly her herself think. Pain seated across her forehead, bright green light, and she found herself panting on the ground. Riddle was standing just above her and though she knew it was a Boggart, her heart wouldn't listen, and she screamed, trying to bring herself back up onto her feet. Not real, not real.She told herself she had to calm down and still the rush of blood in her ears. "Riddikulus," she said feebly, hand shaking around her wand. It wasn't real, but even when she blinked she could see blood-red eyes and a wicked smile, bright green light and a cold body on the floor. She couldn't think like that. She tried envisioning the Riddle as a clown, but she couldn't stop the terror that gripped her. She was going to die, she was going to die, she was going to die."R-Riddikulus," She panted. Riddle only seemed to grow stronger, as she grew weaker. She shuddered, wrapping her arms around herself. "No," she whispered. "You can't give up now. It isn't real."She forced herself to look and to pretend like she wasn't scared. Anything could be funny if she imagine it strongly enough. A clown. That was funny. She imagined Riddle with a great red nose, and though she felt sure she was going to pass out, she told herself it was only fear. "Riddikulus!"There was a faint crack and the figure of Tom Riddle distorted only slightly, but it was enough for Calla to regain her composure a little and slow her breathing. "Riddikulus!" she cried again, and this time the Boggart turned into a clown, looking very confused by its massive feet.She felt like she was going to be sick, but Calla forced herself to run while she could, back through the dark maze. There was a large blast nearby, and Calla leapt away just in time as a hedge was blown apart. She had only a second to register the rear end of a blast-ended skrewt before fire again erupted from it. Yelling, she moved swiftly to the side, feeling flame and heat rush past her cheeks. "Aguamenti!" she cried, aiming at the skrewt, which lifted its head and turned, running, as her feeble stream of water flowed towards it. "Aguamenti!" she shouted again, scrambling back, willing the water to flow from her wand, willing anything to push it back. Her wand vibrated in her hands and she was sure it was going to tear itself apart as a jet of water soared out, sweeping the blast-ended skrewt back and dousing its flames.She turned and ran again, certain that the world had underestimated the many uses of streams of water.Calla hurried onward, more terrifying images and thoughts pressing at her mind, but she forced them to stay out. She had to focus and get through this. The image of the Triwizard Cup was the only one she could think of now, apart from the path before her. There was a very faint light golden ahead, and she stared at the ground, a strange sort of snail trail leading the way. She stared around, paranoid, but maybe this was the maze helping in the final stretch? At any rate, she didn't have any other ideas.So she followed along, followed that faint gold light. There were footsteps running near her, then a shout, but suddenly something stopped her, her knees buckling. She grasped a hedge, thorns digging into the palm of her hand. Something moved on the other side, a silent shadow. Images flirted across her mind. The Triwizard Cup, moving, the world dropping out from underneath her. Her mind raced with starlight as she bent over, every part of her suddenly feeling like it was about to go on fire. What the hell?Was this the maze, playing mind games, trying to stop her from going on? Making her weak at the final hurdle? She swallowed down the bile that rose in her throat. She wasn't going to be weak, like everybody said she was. She forced herself to keep going, head pounding and heavy, her stomach swimming, and then with a laboured step and a heavy breath, she stepped out into the clearing where the Triwizard Cup stood shining.She'd made it. She - had she really won? She stared around. It felt too easy. She took a few steps closer, reaching a hand out towards the handle, and stopped. It was too easy. It felt wrong. Even looking at the cup, something felt off, and she didn't know what, but all of a sudden she felt a great urge to run. But she couldn't hear anything else near her. It was just her and this cup.Her forehead burned. Something was trying to break through to her, and she was terrified of what she would see if she closed her eyes. Her hand hovered by the cup's handle. If she just took it, then she'd win. She'd be the champion. No one would be able to call her weak again. She'd have proven herself even against wizards four years older than her, even against her brother.And yet. All she felt when she looked at the cup was dread. Her Seer instincts were roaring at her to leave, that something terrible was happening. She wanted to see for herself, but all of a sudden she was too scared to close her eyes. Something rustled in the hedges behind her, heavy footsteps.Calla turned, seeing a dark and deep shadow of a man. Saw something bright blue. Maybe it was just Moody, she thought. Patrolling the maze. But that didn't comfort her; instead, it made her feel more nervous, and she couldn't even explain to herself why. Nausea swam in her throat and she turned back to the cup. "Just take it," she told herself furiously. "Stop being scared."She'd made it this far. She had won. She smiled and reached her hand out towards the cup, but then her hand stopped, flattened as though against a barrier. Calla frowned, trying to reach forwards again, but she couldn't. Panic rose in her throat. What was happening? Was she trapped? Was there something else yet to come?Her brother yelled from behind her. She darted back, already breaking into a run when she seemed to slam into an another invisible wall, being thrown back. She landed just below the plinth where the cup sat, dazed. Her forehead burned again, and her stomach twisted in terror. "Harry!" she screamed, eyes scanning the dark. "Harry!"Two figures burst out of the hedges near her and she scrambled back, knocking the cup from its plinth. It rolled on the floor, and she almost grabbed it again before she saw her brother, and the state of injury he was in, limping against Cedric's side. "Harry! Cedric!""You - you made it?" Harry said, staring at her. "You... You've won."She stared at the cup. Its glow was eerie now. Her stomach twisted. "Not really," she said. "I mean, you two are tied for first place in the Tournament overall. You've won."The two boys looked between each other. Calla shuffled away from the cup. Something told her to stay away... The light coming from it was soft but strangely menacing. It was something purely instinctual that told her to turn around and leave. Was it the mind games? This Tournament had certainly messed with her head enough so far. She had just been about to take it. She should have taken it. Should have been able. What - or who - had stopped her, just in time for Harry to arrive?"Take it," Harry panted. "One of you, take it, you got here."Cedric was looking at Calla. She glanced at the cup, took a few steps forward, and then stopped. "You would have gotten here. I heard you just now.""Acromantulae," Harry said."Yeah," Cedric panted, turning to Harry. "And you - you saved me. You didn't have to do that, Potter.""You gave me the hint about the egg," Harry said sheepishly."Only because you told me about the dragons first."Then they both turned to Calla. "You did it yourself," Harry told her. "You... You should take it, Cal."It was tempting, she couldn't deny that. Her fingers reached out to brush the edges of the golden light, but again she felt something pushing her away. Whether instinct or someone else's magic. A breeze rippled through the maze. She could hear someone breathing nearby. "I don't know," she said, and frowned. "I don't like it. I've barely done anything tonight... It's too easy." And it felt wrong."What d'you mean?" Cedric asked impatiently, staring at her."You think it's another obstacle?" Harry asked, frowning at her."I... I don't know," she said quietly. "I just don't like it.""Well, it's there," Cedric said. "You're just nervous, but you should still take it.""No," she said. "No, no, it - it doesn't feel right.""Well, we can't none of us take it," Harry said. "I mean... It's a Hogwarts victory, whichever of us takes it."Cedric grinned slowly, as something rustled in the nearby hedges. There were light footsteps growing closer. "Or we could all of us take it.""No," Calla said sharply. There was a growing pain in her head, like a dull blade pressing in against her skull. The edges of her vision seemed to dull a little and she forced her eyes to remain open. "No, we shouldn't.""Calla?" Harry asked warily. "Why not?""I don't know, Harry!" she snapped. A twig snapped somewhere near them and she shuddered, heart hammering, and she tried to calm herself down. "It just feels... I have a bad feeling about it.""It's the cup," Cedric said, not seeming to understand at all. Calla wasn't totally sure she understood, either, but she had to trust her feelings. "I don't get it.""Neither do I.""Well, if Calla doesn't think..." Harry looked at her critically and when their eyes met, she felt like she was going to pass out. Pain blazed through for forehead - through her scar. "Are you okay?""Yes," she said shakily. "But...""Krum tried to curse Cedric," Harry told her. "He didn't... He isn't stopping you?"She took in a breath. "No, but... I think he tried to stun Fleur and I, too.""Blimey," Cedric said."So are we taking the cup or not?" Harry asked."We?" Calla asked."Well, we're all here, aren't we? A Hogwarts victory, how about that?" He looked at Calla. "You know we can't just stand here all night, don't you? Something's bound to get us. I'd... I know you're nervous, but you might be wrong." Cedric was looking between the twins as if he was greatly confused. "If we take the cup, we'll get out of here. I know you're scared. And if it's just another obstacle, then there's no harm us all moving forward, is there?""I'm not scared," she muttered, even though she absolutely was, and she knew the boys could tell. But maybe scared was what she needed to be right now."We'll do it together," Cedric said. "Alright?""We can't," she said, words tumbling out. "I know it probably sounds mad to you, but I... I had a vision about the cup, and I've had visions about this - this graveyard and... Harry, we can't take it."Though her brother seemed to consider her words, Cedric looked at her like she'd gone mad. "Vision? You... That's what Rita Skeeter said about you?""Look," she said nervously, "I don't know why I feel this, but it feels wrong and it feels dangerous.""I think it's supposed to be dangerous.""Not like this." She shouldn't be feeling this horrible sense of dread, shouldn't be feeling like she was going to pass out. It was too much. "This is different."A twig snapped somewhere behind them and Calla whipped around. Someone moved in the hedges and her nerves set on edge. Someone was there, something was wrong, this was all wrong. Even when the cup started to glow brighter, she could hardly make out the shadow she was sure lurked in the hedges... But there. Moody's bright blue eye, whirring menacingly. Her breath hitched.A shadow moved. "Calla," Harry said quietly. "What's going on?"There was a cry from nearby. It sounded like Fleur. She was running. Running towards them."I..." Calla's breathing was uneven, and her heart pounded. "Something's wrong. We have to-"Her words were cut off by a gust of wind that seemed to tear through the hedges. Fleur's scream pierced the air and she came into Calla's line of sight.The wind caught her ankles. They were thrust backward and she turned in the air, forced across the ground. Cedric yelled, reaching out, but she couldn't make out his words over the din of the wind. Fleur was running, mouth open as she called out in panicked French. Harry's hand found Calla's and she tried to pull them back, as Cedric and Fleur both reached out all realising something was deeply wrong. But before Calla could resist the air, hold herself down and get the others away from danger, her free hand was being forced onto the handle of the cup.Something jerked behind Calla's navel and she tried to scream, but it was lost to the air as they went flying off the ground, unable to let go and spinning wildly through the air. It was all she could do to hold her wand as tightly as she could and pray that she didn't throw up, squeezing her eyes shut. Shapes swum like stars before her, and even when she opened her eyes, it was dark.And then they slammed into the ground and Calla felt every ounce of strength leave her as a cold voice whispered, Mine.Author's Note: The predictions in the comments were so fun to read lol! Graveyard sequence starts next chapter... Are you excited or nervous or both? If you have any questions about what just happened, they will most likely be answered in the next chapter or so, but feel free to ask away in the comments!

Calla stumbled as they hit the ground, the Triwizard Cup flying out of her hand across the grass. She panted heavily, chest tight. This was not good. She could feel it as she opened her eyes, as she looked to Harry and then to Cedric, as she got shakily to her feet, her hand on her wand. Her breath caught in her throat."Where's Fleur?" Cedric said."She must have been left behind... The wind didn't..." Harry panted, shaking his head. "What was that?""I don't know. I tried to stop you two... But what is this place?"That was something Calla though she knew; it was the graveyard from her visions. "Harry," she whispered, fear seizing her and muddling her words, "the cup.""It's a Portkey," Cedric said, and she shook her head. He stared at her. "You think it isn't?""N-no, it is," she stammered out, shaking too hard to move properly over the grass without slipping. She felt sure her wand was going to slip out of her fingers and be lost in the grass."D'you think this is supposed to be part of the Task?""No," she whispered, staring around. Her stomach felt empty yet she was still sure that she was going to be sick. "It's not. But someone sent us here. We have to get back to the cup. I'm sure I saw Professor Moody-"Pain shot through her, sharp and blazing like fire from her scar and spreading rapidly throughout the rest of her body. She was sure she screamed as her knees buckled and she fell to the ground, wand slipping from her hand and landing on the grass some way away from her. Her throat burned raw as her head swam. There was something before her like a cauldron and she didn't know if it was her vision or if it was the present as she saw green fire ignite underneath it, heard the hissing of flames. She could hear something moving, hear her brother's voice shouting her name, see the shape of him, but her head was pounding so hard and her vision swimming so bad that it felt she was underwater, and she couldn't focus on Harry at all, just helplessly and desperately scramble to grab onto his arm in an attempt to rush them back towards the cup.Then her vision cleared as suddenly as it had fogged and her brother was clasping his scar, shaking next to her and a cold high voice - a voice that haunted her future and her past, a voice that made every part of her feel like she was surely about to die - saying "Kill the spare," and a flash of blinding green light that lit up the world like a bomb and then-She was sure she screamed, or cried, or both. Cedric's body fell to the body and her throat burned as she clasped her hands to her mouth, finally able to move, still trembling all over as her heart pounded. No. No. No.Not like this. She hadn't seen this - but she'd seen this place, she should have- She screamed again, louder this time. He was cold, motionless, lifeless. She knew he was dead. Oh God. He was dead. He was really dead. They'd... Oh God. She hadn't realised she was shouting until Harry grabbed her, shushing her. "He killed him!" she screamed, sobbing against Harry's hand, eyes burning. Her brother was wrenched from her and her words died in her throat as she crashed on her knees to the ground, head hanging, nails digging into the damp earth.He was dead. Cedric Diggory was dead.It felt like her heart and lungs both had been ripped from her. She wasn't sure she knew how to breathe. All her eyes could see was Cedric, his pale and lifeless face, still looking surprised, eyes turned towards the sky. And then someone grabbed her, was dragging her over the ground to a great statue of marble, past her brother, and shoved her against it. Her head rattled against hard, carved stone. Something dragged her hands up and bound them against the statue, like she was being held up. She slumped against it, head pounding. Her eyes couldn't stop seeing Cedric. Cedric. Dead.The word rang in her hollow mind. Was this shock? She wrestled herself around so she could see Harry, staring at him. He looked numb and still, and whoever had dragged Calla here jerked her head around, away from her brother and she screamed again, as if someone might hear and save them. The man was hooded, and he did not raise his head so Calla could see him as he conjured invisible ropes not just around her wrists but her ankles too. Yet she knew him anyway, felt it somewhere within her, and a face flashed across her mind, a name. Wormtail. She panted, lungs giving out as she slumped down and the man under the hood seemed to nod.Her head lolled forward of its own accord and her heart tightened. Was he going to kill them, too? He stuffed something in Calla's mouth to keep her from making a sound, and she shuddered at the feeling of it there.Her heart slowed and she forced her eyes to stay open as she assessed the situation, trying to push down the terror that rose from the pits of her stomach. There was Cedric's body about twenty feet away from her, Harry maybe five feet to her right, the cup just beyond Cedric, her wand God knew where. There was a small bundle of clothes on the ground near Harry, near the foot of the grave, and when her eyes latched onto it her stomach lurched. She was sure that had she not had the gag in her mouth she would have been sick - or would she have choked on it? She tried to sort her thoughts, but where a moment ago her mind had been empty except for Cedric - oh God, Cedric - now it was racing, pounding, as though desperate to tell her anything and everything to distract her from the fact that she was almost certainly going to die if she did not do something, and fast.But what could she do? She had no wand, and she had a feeling it wouldn't be much use to her anyway. She was exhausted now the shock was starting to wear off, and she was bound and gagged and her brother was the same and- Oh God, was the bundle on the ground moving?A sudden image rolled over her mind, bloody and skeletal, a hand clawing to her. She screamed around the gag and lurched forward, the invisible ropes cutting into her as painful as real ones would have. The little bundle was squirming now, as though the thing inside it was trying to get out, and she knew as her stomach plummeted and her chest tightened and her head pounded, that she did not want to know what was inside of it.There was a noise near her and she forced her head back up to stare around, only to feel the slip of something scaly around her ankles. She tried not to scream, as she fixed on it and her eyes widened. A snake, a giant one, like she'd seen... Oh God why hadn't she stopped it? Why was it here? Her eyes went to the bundle on the floor, still moving.She knew what it was. Knew who it must be. She wanted to run and run and run but she couldn't move even to scream now. That thing was Voldemort. He looked small and frail and in this form he couldn't move but that did nothing to appease the growing terror in her stomach. It was he who had spoken and given the order for Wormtail to kill Cedric. Cedric... Her eyes drifted back to him and a terrified sob tore from her throat. She squeezed her eyes shut.The bottom of the cauldron crackled as a flame lit underneath it, searing the backs of Calla's eyes. Its contents began to boil and bubble. Every sound felt like a blow against Calla's skin. The snake slithered away from her ankles and slipped through the grass into the dark shadows. She breathed only a little bit easier, easing her eyes open. She had to breathe. If she glanced to the side and twisted just the right way, she could meet Harry's haunted, terrified eyes. A silent promise lingered between the two of them. Not you.The bundle seemed to become more and more agitated, like it was trying to crawl its way to greater height. The cauldron bubbled and boiled, steam rising thick in front of Calla's eyes; her eyes watered as she squinted, seeing the man she thought was Wormtail tending to the fire. She didn't want him to succeed in whatever he was doing. Her heart was now going so fast she was sure it was a miracle she was alive. She heard that high, cold voice again. "Hurry!"Every inch of her felt like it was screaming and yearning to move and get out of her bonds. But she couldn't. She couldn't even struggle because she knew it was helpless. Her eyes drooped, chin falling onto her chest. She felt so tired it couldn't be right. The water bubbled so ferociously that it sent up sparks that made the air glisten like diamonds, and the sight burned Calla's eyes."It is ready, Master."Bile rose in Calla's throat."Now."Old words played in Calla's head. Mine. I will take it. She tried not to be sick.Wormtail unwrapped the bundle on the ground and Calla felt her scream strangled by the gag in her voice. It was even worse than she had imagined, not only skeletal and bloody but scaly and gruesome and unnaturally hairless. It looked like a small, curled up human child, but its face... Calla had never seen anything like it and she never wanted to again. It was flat and snake-like and had bright red, gleaming eyes. Calla's eyes darted to the direction the snake had just slithered off in and her mind reeled again, that image ever present and lingering in the darkness like it was burned into her. Whispering voices flooded her ears, ringing, and a golden cup seemed to be flung across the darkness of her vision before she came back to reality.The thing moved its arms helplessly, curling them around Wormtail's neck so his hood fell down and Calla got a look at his rat-like face. She almost screamed again at him, out of pure frustration and anger and fury that he'd gotten away and that he'd gotten this far. He lowered the flailing creature down towards the cauldron so that its face was illuminated briefly by the sparks and then, to Calla's horror, he lowered the creature into the boiling cauldron. It hissed as it fell in, and landed at the bottom with a dull thud that Calla felt in her bones. Her hands shook near uncontrollably, wrists burning as the skin strained against invisible ropes.Wormtail's voice was also shaking as he spoke. Calla's ears rung but she could make it out as he said, "Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you will renew your son!"There was a crack and Calla tried to turn her head, immediately regretting it as her shoulders shook and her legs turned to jelly as her knees gave out. Fine dust trickled through the air in front of her, but she couldn't tell if it was dust or if her vision was just going funny. It certainly seemed to darken, and it was almost blurry. Her head buzzed. She felt she could hardly hold herself upright and it took all her energy just to focus on breathing. In, out. In, out. The cauldron hissed, the air shimmering for a moment. A blunt pain rammed against her head.But she forced herself to keep looking at Wormtail as he pulled out a silver dagger and pressed it to his arm. The sight made Calla's hairs stand on end and she shivered as he spoke. "Flesh of the - servant - w-willingly sacrificed - you will - revive - your master."She saw it coming. Calla squeezed her eyes shut again, but she couldn't keep herself from hearing the high scream that pierced the air around them, and jolted straight through Calla's chest. Her knees buckled and she strained to keep herself upright, shoulders aching. She could hear something fall to the ground and then a sickening sort of splash. Red clouded the darkness behind her eyes as she forced her eyes to look, look so she might know what was happening and know what to do, if there was anything.There was a rough movement near her as Wormtail came closer, but not to her. To Harry. "B-blood of the enemy, forcibly taken, you will re-revive your foe."She turned as much as she could, seeing the silver dagger jag into Harry's pale arm, seeing him writhe there. Pain shot through her as she tried to move and run to her brother, but she couldn't escape the invisible bonds; she was completely useless to him. But her instinct told her to strain, to keep struggling and fighting, desperate to reach her brother and stop his pain, to take him and to run. But she couldn't. Calla wanted to scream but she could do nothing as blood ran from her brother's arm and into Wormtail's little glass vial. He looked at her for only a moment and then turned away, staggering back to the cauldron, but Calla did not fool herself into thinking she had been spared. She was here for a reason, she realised, straining to look at her brother, to try and reassure him or let him reassure her even if there was very little chance of either of them being able to do that.Wormtail tipped the blood into the cauldron and Calla could not tear her gaze away even as she felt every part of her fall apart from fear, felt it shake her to her bones. Wormtail fell to the ground, clutching his stump and panting, as the cauldron glowed a blinding white light. Calla squeezed her eyes but she could not shut it out. Her head felt woozy and heavy. The light faded and for a second she fooled herself into believing, naively, that nothing had happened. And then her whole body seemed to burn and convulse from pain, she felt as though something was ripped from her chest and she screamed around the gag in her mouth. The bonds seemed to grow to acommodate her as she crashed to her knees on the hard stone. Her bones seemed to rattle from the shock and pain of the impact.Her head spun, chest tight and still heavy, lights dancing before her eyes as she forced herself to look. White steam billowed from the cauldron and she couldn't see anything, not Wormtail and not Cedric and not Harry. She tensed, eyes trying their best to find him. Please, please. He was alive, he had to be alive, not like this, never like this, never at all, her brother couldn't be dead. She had to believe he wasn't. Her ears strained for any muffled noises of his strain.And then they landed on a dark figure through the white steam. A thousand images fell through her mind, shattering as they shattered her. She stared at him, feeling numb. "Robe me," said that high, cold voice, and Wormtail scurried over, cradling his mutilated hand as he pulled the cloak over his master's head. Calla met a pair of glowing red eyes through the steam and she could have sworn she saw a smile, a horrid, crude thing that made her ache with fear.And she knew it then, if she hadn't before. She knew she'd been right. Lord Voldemort had risen again.Author's Note: Cliffhanger? Don't worry, next chapter will be up in a couple days at the most - this whole sort-of sequence got edited as a whole so it's just a matter of final proofreads and spellchecks etc. and spacing the updates a little.

By the time Calla could come to her senses, Wormtail had robed the man before her. From the corner of her eyes, Calla could see Harry struggling, writhing against the statue he was bound to and making small sounds of pain that brought furious, terrified tears to her eyes"You stand, Potters," Voldemort said in a high, cold voice, "upon the remains of my late Muggle father," He circled between the two twins. Every time he drew nearer, Calla felt a weight press on her chest, like it was going to crush her ribs. She seemed to drop in and out of consciousness, her visions swimming and darkening and she squeezed her eyes shut, trying to sort her thoughts. "A Muggle and a fool... much like your mother. But they have their uses, don't they?" His nail dragged against Calla's jaw and she squeezed her eyes shut, squirming, her heart beating too fast. She was sure she was going to pass out, sooner rather than later. "Your mother died to defend you two as children... and I killed my father. See how useful he has become, even in death?"Voldemort laughed again but he drew away and Calla breathed a little easier, forcing her eyes open. If only she could do something, get a message to someone. But she couldn't do that. They were bound, they were stuck, and she was sure if she tried any magic she would fall to the ground and perhaps never get up. Her face felt cold and numb from terror. "You see that house upon the hillside, Potters? My father lived there. My mother, who was a witch in this village, fell in love with him. But he abandoned her when she told him what she was. He didn't like magic, my father..."Calla heard the snake hiss by her feet, and resisted the urge to scream and cry as it slithered over her. Shivers ran along her arms, and her heart quickened again as her cheeks flushed feverishly. She didn't know what Voldemort had done, what spell, what curse, but she could feel it taking over her body. She barely felt like she was present. Something crawled and clawed inside her chest. "He left her and returned to his Muggle parents before I was even born, Potter, and she died giving birth to me, leaving me to be raised in a Muggle orphanage." The snake wound around Calla's ankles and she bit her lip to keep from screaming. "...But I vowed myself to find him, to take my revenge upon him. That fool who gave me his name... Tom Riddle."The snake's head butted against Calla's exposed skin and her knees buckled; she scraped her palms against the coarse edges of the statue in an attempt to remain upright. She wouldn't fall here, wouldn't let Voldemort have the pleasure of seeing her so weakened. She looked desperately to her brother, who was pale and terrified, and she felt a scream of panic rise in her throat. Her gaze returned to Cedric, lying on the ground, and her chest shook as she squeezed her eyes shut. She'd never been very religious, but right now she was desperate to pray to whatever god existed to save her and Harry and to stop Voldemort."Listen to me," Voldemort said quietly, "reliving family history. But here they come now, Potters... My true family."There was a great swishing of cloaks in the air. Calla forced her eyes open even as they dropped shut, seeing shapes begin to appear between yew trees, wizards Apparating cloaked in hoods and masks, just like they had at the cup. Her mind went back to that night, memories racing. The horrifying green lights, that Muggle family suspended in the air. All to happen again, countless times, now he was back. The images flirted across her mind; crumbling bridges, storms tearing Muggle communities apart, people murdered before they even had the chance to glimpse their attacker, faces still stuck in expressions of confusion. She struggled fruitlessly against her ropes. She pictured her godfather's face in her mind, praying that someone would find them, save them, and wishing he would even though she knew he couldn't. Her only hope was that Fleur had seen enough to raise the alarm, and that she hadn't been hurt, too. Her eyes stung with terrified, angry tears.The Death Eaters in the clearing seem suspended in time, silent. She prayed they would leave even though she knew they wouldn't. Then one of them dropped to their knees, crawled forward out of the shadows, and bent to kiss the hem of their master's robes. "Master... master..." he murmured.Each of them did the same in turn, their murmurings filling the air and stifling it. Every time Calla breathed in it felt sour and wrong, and her head felt clouded with fear. "Welcome, my Death Eaters," said Voldemort quietly. His snake unwound itself from Calla's ankles but she only felt worse, certain she was going to give in soon. Her eyes dropped and her head fell forward, lolling onto her shoulder, even as she fought to stand upright. "...We are still united under the Dark Mark, then... Or are we?"She was sure she was only catching snippets of what Voldemort was saying now. She kept dipping in and out of consciousness, though trying her best to remain upright, for the moment when she and Harry might try to make their escape, unlikely as that seemed. She had to hope; she tried to clear her mind but was terrified that if she did so she might fall asleep and never wake."...They must have believed me broken, they thought I was gone for good... They slipped back among my enemies and they pleaded ignorance and innocence and bewitchment..." She felt like she was falling and then jolted back up again, stomach churning. "...They who knew the steps I had taken to guard myself against mortal death?"Calla tried to catch Harry's eye, but he was unmoving, pale and frightened just as she was. "...Perhaps they now pay allegiance to that lover of muggles and Mudbloods, Albus Dumbledore!"She groaned, trying to twist away from the air that seemed to press in at her, stifling, but she could do nothing. It seemed something had stuck in her throat; she wasn't sure she could breathe. Her eyes burned and her chest felt tight, too tight. "Master!" One of the Death Eaters wailed, and Calla's eyes opened long enough to see him throw himself at Voldemort's feet. "Master, forgive me! Forgive us!"Voldemort only laughed and raised his wand and Calla saw the blinding red light before it even happened and it seemed to carve open her chest as she withheld a scream of her own. "Crucio!"And she couldn't close her eyes. The Death Eater writhed on the ground, screaming and gasping. If seeing that spider being cursed had been horrifying, this was worse. This was a person being put through the worst possible physical torture, enough to drive them insane like it had to Neville's parents. "Stop!" Calla cried around the gag, voice ripping apart her throat. "Stop! Stop it!" The sound came out muffled. Some of the Death Eaters jeered.Voldemort's eyes turned to her for one curious moment, and then he flicked his hand and her mouth snapped shut. Her arms tingled strangely, and she still struggled. Something inside her felt like it was trying to escape. Or maybe she was just delirious. Surely someone must hear, she thought, as the Death Eater began to scream again, body wreathed by red light. Someone must come to their rescue. Anyone, Calla pleaded silently with the sky. Please, just give us anyone.When the curse ended, Calla clenched her fist again. Her eyes were wide and she was sure she could never sleep again; yet still she felt herself falling forward, felt her mind drift. "Get up Avery. You ask forgiveness? I do not forgive. I do not forget..."Small snatches of images rushing through the edge of her mind like snippets of film. Herself, bound and kneeling and crying, bloodied and pale beneath it all, mouth open in a silent scream. People suspended in the air, green and red curses littering the dark night. She could see herself huddled, cards and tea leaves and crystal balls littered around her. She looked older, but at the same time younger too, terrified. And when she saw Harry in her mind's eye, scared and pale and cold, he appeared no older than he did right now. Her mouth was closed but her soul was screaming. Even her magic was screaming. She couldn't let Voldemort hurt her brother."...Lord Voldemort rewards his helpers..."She could hear Pettigrew whimpering and Remus' face fluttered into her mind, terrified and haunted and more scared than it was, and she couldn't see Sirius except for his hollow eyes as they had been last year. She wanted to scream but didn't think she was capable of even that. Her fingers reached for a wand that was not there and that could not help her anyway. "...May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail...""No, my Lord... never, my Lord...""Lucius, my slippery friend." She fought to open her eyes as Lucius Malfoy stepped forward out of the circle and her gut rolled. How many more here were parents or relatives of her yearmates? "...You are still prepared to take the lead in a spot of Muggle torture, I believe?" Calla felt sick to her stomach. She wanted out now, alive or dead. "Might not your energies have been better directed towards finding your old master, Lucius..."The stars in the night sky seemed to blink out one by one. She watched the constellations go and wondered if she was going mad. Was that what was happening? What Voldemort wanted her for? To show what he could do? To put on a display of his twisted cruelty and scare his returning supporters into submission. She struggled again against her bonds, fruitlessly. She wouldn't be used for that. That wasn't what she would let her fate be."...You are merciful... Thank you..."There was a creeping feeling over Calla, like goosebumps. She struggled to turn her head to look at Harry, silently pleading with the world to let them go. She couldn't reach her hand out to him but she wished he could see her there, see the struggle in her eyes."The Lestranges should stand here... But they are imprisoned in Azkaban... They were faithful. They went to Azkaban rather than denounce me... when Azkaban is broken open, the Lestranges will be honoured beyond their wildest dreams. The Dementors will join us... They are our natural allies... As will the banished giants... I shall have my devoted servants returned to me, an army of creatures at my disposal... And I shall have my enemies on their knees..." Calla could feel his eyes on her and she wanted to scream, thrash, run and run and run."MacNair..." Terror ran through her. "You shall have better victims... we have Crabbe... You will do better this time, will you not, Crabbe? And you, Goyle?""Yes, Master...""We will, Master...""Nott..."Calla's breath caught in her throat. Not - not Theodore's father? Did Daphne know, she wondered. Would Daphne be in danger? Would Theodore? She wanted to scream. "I am your most faithful...""...Six remaining Death Eaters... Three dead in my service... One, too cowardly to return... He will pay... One I fear lost to me forever... my most faithful servant, who has already re-entered my service."Calla's thought were faint and faded, and yet the image of Moody's bright-blue eye whirred in her head. But no. He couldn't. Dumbledore trusted Moody, didn't he? But Dumbledore had trusted a lot of people and her reason couldn't stand up to her instinct. "He is at Hogwarts. It is through his efforts that our young friends arrived here tonight..."She could feel the Death Eaters' eyes on her and her brother again. She opened her own eyes defiantly, trying to hold her head up, but it fell back down, head too heavy for her body. Her ears rang and she tried not to faint. Again, she tried to scream, but Voldemort's magic was strong. "Harry and Calla Potter, at my rebirthing party. One may even call them my guests of honour. The boy's fate we know, and have known for a long time... But the girl, as Wormtail tells me, has a rather interesting party trick... At first I discounted prophecy, before as you all know, new information came to light about my fate and the boy who shares it... But I believe Calla Potter may prove herself useful to me yet... There is much we may need to know, if we are to regain our hold..." Her heart pounded, blood rushing in her ears. She hated this, all of this. Just kill her, she wanted to plead, hopelessly. No one would save them. She just wanted out. A scream tore from her even around the gag, and something sparked against her arms. Desperation and instinct forced her forward.Voldemort turned, eyes wide in surprise as she thrust herself forward, struggling against ropes. Then his eyes narrowed to slits again. He flicked a lazy hand. "Wormtail, restrain the girl." But his eyes didn't leave her. Every second that passed she felt more and more like she was going to faint, and yet defiance forced her to remain conscious. Wormtail tightened the ropes around her and shoved the gag further in her mouth. Her eyes smarted, and though she struggled, it was even more difficult now. Her vision dimmed again, and her head felt heavy as she leaned forward."My master... we beg to know... this miracle... you have returned to us...""Ah, what a story it is, Lucius..." Calla forced her eyes open to see Voldemort walking lazily over to Harry. "And it begins and ends with our young friend here."You know... they have called this boy... my downfall."The snake had returned to hiss and press itself around Calla's feet. Her knees trembled in terror. "...on the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill him. His mother died... and unwittingly gave him - and his sister here - a protection... I could not touch the boy..." He raised a hand. Calla's vision swam and her ears thrummed. "...Traces of her sacrifices... This is old magic... But I can touch him now."And Calla seemed to feel it as Voldemort pressed his fingertip to her brother's forehead, to that old scar. She felt her knees buckle, her breath hitch, felt another silent scream rip from her throat. "My curse... foolish sacrifice... rebounded upon me..." She was sure she was dying, if she was not already dead. "Aah, pain beyond pain..." But death surely couldn't be this terrifyingly painful. "I, who have gone farther than anybody along the path to immortality... to conquer death... one or more of my experiments had worked... for I had not been killed..." How? Calla was desperate to know even as her own mind swam with the terror of death. How had he survived? What experiments? How could this be possible? "...I was powerless as the weakest creature alive... still I managed to retain some power, some magic I had salvaged from the wreck of that night..." Her own scar seemed to sear with pain and her strength seemed to fade from her bones. The image of a broken, tiny skeleton flickered in her mind's eye, bloody on the floor. Would that be her? Would she be as weak as he had been, destroyed and dead? Was she already so weak, or becoming so? She couldn't, she told herself. She had to fight it. Her eyes went to the shadow of Harry's figure and she yearned to call out to him, though she didn't know what she could say."...I had no body... every spell that might have helped me requires the use of a wand... surely, one of my faithful would return me to a body... I waited in vain."She did not know what was worse; the pain or the numbness or the ache in her chest begging for something to save her and to be let free. Something slipped by the edges of her mind, and when her eyes fluttered closed, she could see a strange ring, an old shack, and that green light that seemed to follow in her mind. Voldemort was still talking, but the sound was distorted; it sounded like she was hearing him from underwater. "I could use the bodies and power of others... Aurors were still actively looking for me... especially... Wormtail's slip up... inhabited animals... snakes... bodies were ill-adapted to perform what little magic I had... none of them lasted long..."Calla could hear footsteps, the movement of the ground. She could feel him coming closer to her and she squeezed her eyes tighter shut like that would stop him. Her feet slipped and she sank towards the ground, limbs hanging from her. She could hardly breathe. "Four years ago... the means for my return arrived... teacher at Dumbledore's school... I took possession of his body... supervise him... I did not manage to steal the Philosopher's Stone... immortal life."Calla's head felt fit to bursting as anything and everything seemed to fly through it, burning her as it went. Letters burning in fires, people falling, screaming. "That was perhaps my darkest hour... A girl who foresaw my defeat... power strangely connected to my own..." Dumbledore pale and cold, Remus lying unmoving, Harry unmoving, Sirius fading from the darkness. "Wormtail here, who has faked his own death... driven out of hiding... returned to his Master." Padma screaming, Daphne bloody and pale and a ghost of herself, shaking. "...Rats... met their deaths by a dark shadow that possessed them..." Hermione and Isobel and Terry levitated like those Muggles at the cup, glassy-eyed and pale and still so clearly terrified and still so, so young. "Hungry one night... who should he meet but Bertha Jorkins... Ministry of Magic, who were hunting him?" Ron crying over a brother, the Burrow aflame and falling apart. "...a gift beyond my wildest dreams... provided me with a mine of information... knew of a faithful Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me..."She could see Hogwarts on fire and broken apart, see the Ministry draped in the shadows of hatred and terror. "...return me to a rudimentary body of my own... essential ingredients for true rebirth... a spell or two of my own invention... my dear Nagini..." The snake unraveled from Calla's ankles and rose up to hiss. She didn't know if she'd been bitten or not, but the dread and sense of pure defeat that flooded her seemed a poison in itself. Her limbs seemed uncontrollable as she tried to struggle. The snake's hissing grew louder in her ears and she could hear words, though she didn't know if they were the snake or a memory or a vision. Mine... Soon... Feast... Magic. "...willing to embrace mortal life again, if not immortal... an old piece of Dark Magic... the flesh of a willing servant..." Calla's head burned. Her whole body burned. "My father's bone... The blood of a foe... Harry Potter... Dumbledore invoked an ancient magic... World Cup... protection might be weaker there, away from his relations and Dumbledore... yet his sister remained... and I was not yet strong enough..."Calla was sure she could feel him getting stronger as he spoke. She could feel herself getting weaker, certainly. "...My one faithful Death Eater, stationed at Hogwarts... he told me much about the girl that I did not know, confirming her strange gifts of the Sight... May be of use to me... her weakness... and her brother's... how she would be easy to overcome... and I began to wonder about the nature of my strange connection to her... magic salvaged from the wreck of that night... used my Death Eater to ensure they were entered into the Triwizard Tournament... beyond the reach of Dumbledore... into my arms." She could feel the snake pressing and squeezing around her ankles, just as she felt Voldemort come closer. Close enough that he could touch her. She couldn't only sense his movements, but it was like she could sense him. Her breath caught, strangled, in her throat.With the last bit of her strength, Calla forced her eyes open, watering and terrified and so heavy, just as all of her was. His eyes were red, bright red, and they seemed to burn right through her, turning everything to ash. That awful feeling in her chest rose again like a monster that would not leave her, feasting on her terror. She thought he would kill her, or torture her. But he did neither. When he raised his wand, he whispered like a snake in her ear, "Imperio."It felt at once like she was floating. All the weight had been lifted from her and she found herself feeling quite pleasant - freed, even - as the ropes were undone from around her. She rolled her wrists around, smiling at the hazy shapes before her. Someone spoke near her, but not to her; it sounded stuck, like it was muffled by water. There was a flash of red at the edges of her vision and she felt something sharp in her chest. But the pain wasn't the worst thing. No, that was the feeling of her mind. She'd spent so much time in it that now she felt strangely disconnected from her own thoughts. She was merely swimming in its murky depths, with no direction and nothing to keep her afloat. She tried to sink back and fight her panic, but there were no visions of her own to find. The glowing red eyes returned and her chest felt heavy as she fell, but she did not hurt. She only felt numb.The hazy figure of the man above her said something. She could not hear it; her head was too heavy, her ears seemed to burn. Something hit her cheek, a slap that stung her. She didn't make a sound. She saw a forest alight with flames, stars so bright they burned to imagine. She saw a cave, bodies reaching from the depths of a lake and ancient fire burning them. A golden cup and an ancient ring. She looked up, not understanding, but her mouth opened of its own accord and she spoke, not knowing what she was saying. It didn't feel like her. Wrong, her brain told her, and she shook her head violently. Wrong. Stop.Her chest shook and seemed to rattle coldly. She saw a pair of glowing red eyes and it made her ache all over, and it felt wrong. And the world before her was no longer a haze, and things started coming into focus, sharp, but too sharp. Blue light, smoke swirling, rasping voices and whispers around her. A dank cave, bodies lunging out of the water, and she saw that snake again, its red eyes just like his as it struck.She had to get out. The thought was searingly clear across her mind. She thrust an arm to the side and returned to the dark lake of her mind. She pushed herself up and out, forced herself to fight and to escape. This was her mind, no one else's. She had to push the darkness out.She jolted and her head hit the stone behind her. Her mind cleared, but she was still shaking as Lord Voldemort, those red eyes flashing furiously, his face contorted in anger, loomed over. He raised his other hand to her and pressed against the scar on the side of her head. It seared with pain and Calla felt her whole body convulse. A part of her seemed to rip from her chest, and then she felt nothing but dread and fear. The world danced before her in all its colours, and as she turned her eyes again to the sky in one last terrified prayer for help, the stars blinked out.

Harry stood gaping at his sister as she crumpled to the ground. Terror raged through him. His sister. His sister. She still wore her fear on her face, and a silent scream tore through his chest."You see now," Voldemort said, turning to him, "it was foolish to believe a child could hurt me. See how easily I can defeat your sister, Potter? You will be no different." But Calla... She was breathing. Harry was sure she was breathing. She had to be. He couldn't - wouldn't - imagine a world without her. But that terror was more painful than anything he'd experienced."Oh, she is alive," Voldemort said, like he had read Harry's mind. "I have need of her yet. But you... I will show you." He smiled that horrible smile and cast his eyes to Wormtail, still quivering. "Untie him, Wormtail, and give him his wand."Harry was still numb. He couldn't tear his eyes away from his sister, lying there. All he wanted to do was run to her and then run away, but he could hardly even breathe. Voldemort had need of her... He had seen how Calla had responded to him, to his Imperius. She had broken it, which had surprised him, but then... She had still fallen so easily. He flinched as Wormtail set about untying his ropes, and he strained to get himself to his feet, standing taller. There was a split second where he might have considered making a run for it, but his leg was still injured and he couldn't leave Calla, not here, he could never abandon her to Voldemort and his Death Eaters. Those Death Eaters grew closer to him now, eager to watch whatever Voldemort was about to do. Wormtail left the circle and returned a moment later clutching two wands, one Harry's and the other Calla's, looking between them. Then he caught Harry's gaze on his own wand and thrust it towards him before scuttling back into his place in the circle. He was still clutching Calla's wand, and fury prickled over Harry at the sight of that traitor's hands on it. He was already lunging forwards, his thoughts telling him to just get Wormtail away from anything to do with his sister. The urge to destroy the people before him made him shake with fury."Wormtail," Voldemort said quietly, and, shaking slightly, Wormtail handed Calla's wand to Voldemort, where it rested between his unnaturally long fingers for a second, before he slipped it into his pocket. Only the tip protruded, but Harry kept his eyes locked onto it. "You have been taught how to duel, Harry Potter?" Voldemort asked in a soft voice.All Harry had been taught was Expelliarmus, and by Snape and Lockhart. That second year Duelling Club had been the exact opposite of successful. And what use would it be to Disarm Voldemort, when all of the Death Eaters were surrounding him, and with his bad leg, and when he knew he was up against the thing Moody had warned them most about... the avada kedavra curse. And Voldemort had been right, in something he had said earlier. That Harry and Calla's mother was not there to protect them this time. He was quite unprotected... He looked at where Calla lay, breathing shallowly and crumpled on the grass. He didn't want to die here, especially not if it meant he was leaving her to Voldemort. But Voldemort had said... Something about the World Cup, and Calla being there... Like she could protect him somehow. Well, he didn't know if that was even true, but he knew he had to fight now, if only to protect his sister and not himself. Every angry word they'd spat at each other over the last few months came rushing back in a sickening wave.His eyes fell back to his sister. Her breathing was shallow and for a horrifying moment he was reminded of that day two years ago in the chamber of secrets, when he had been so sure she was dying. They'd protected each other. He had to fight to protect her and they could get out of here together."We bow to each other, Harry Potter," said Voldemort quietly. He inclined his head only a little, keeping his snake-like red eyes fixed on Harry. "Come, the niceties must be observed... Dumbledore would want you to show manners... bow to death, Harry."He would not bow. He decided it immediately. He wouldn't anyway, but seeing what Voldemort had done to his sister - he certainly hadn't observed any niceties when he tried to control her, when he did... whatever it was that he did, and knocked her out. He'd tried to play with Calla, and Harry wasn't going to let Voldemort play with him too, before he killed him. No, he would not give him that pleasure."I said, bow," Voldemort said, raising his wand. Harry felt his spine curve as though a hand had suddenly pushed him forward, and he stumbled a little into the circle of Death Eaters, who were laughing harder than ever, as he was forced down. "Very good." As he raised his wand, the pressure on Harry lifted somewhat, but he could still feel it there, lingering. "Now you face me like a man. Straight backed and proud, the way your father died."And now - we duel."Voldemort raised his wand again and before Harry could do anything, he was being hit again by a surge of red light; the Cruciatus Curse. Pain wracked every part of his body, so that he no longer knew even who he was, and it felt like white hot knives were stabbing every single inch of him at once. He was sure that his head was about to burst from the pressure and from the pain, and he was screaming louder than he had ever screamed in his life.And then it stopped. Harry rolled over and scrambled to his feet, shaking uncontrollably. He staggered sideways towards the Death Eaters, all of whom were jeering loudly, as they pushed him back, stumbling towards Voldemort. "A little break," said Voldemort softly, "a little pause... that hurt, didn't it, Potter? You don't want me to do that again, do you?"Harry did not say anything. He knew he was going to die; those red eyes were telling him so, pitiless and cruel. But he would not give Voldemort the satisfaction of seeing him do as he was told. He was not going to obey Voldemort, and he was not going to beg."I asked you whether you want me to do that again?" said Voldemort softly. "Answer me! Imperio!"And Harry felt again that feeling, like his mind had been wiped clear of all thought and all feeling. It was bliss, to not have to think, and he felt like head floating, dreaming as a voice in his head said just say no... just say no.I will not, said another voice in the back of his head. I will not answer.Just answer no.I won't do it, I won't say it.Just answer 'no'."I WON'T!"The words burst from Harry's mouth, echoing loudly around the graveyard. His state of dreaming fell away suddenly, shattering like ice. The aches from the Cruciatus Curse rushed back over him, as did the realisation of where he was, who he was with, what was happening. Who he was facing."You won't?" asked Voldemort, and his voice was dangerously soft. The Death Eaters had ceased their laughing now. "You won't say 'no'? Harry, obedience is a virtue I need to teach you before you die... perhaps another little dose of pain?"Voldemort raised his wand again, but Harry was ready. Quidditch had taught him good reflexes; he dove quickly behind a statue, and heard it crack loudly as the spell missed. His heart was beating out of his chest."We are not playing hide and seek, Harry," Voldemort said softly. He was drawing nearer, as the Death Eaters laughed. "You cannot hide from me. Does this mean you are growing tired of our duel? Does this mean that you would prefer me to finish it now, Harry? Come out, Harry. Come out, come out and play, then... it will be quick... it may even be painless... I would not know... I have never died..."Harry crouched behind the headstone, knowing this was it. This was the end. He was going to die here, in this place far away from Hogwarts and his friends, Cedric lying a few feet away, his sister crumpled by the nearby statue. But he knew one thing. He was not going to die like this, crouching here in fear, like a child playing hide and seek, he was not going to die without at least trying to live, trying to stop Voldemort, trying to help his sister. Even if no defense was possible... He wasn't going to die like this.He stood up before Voldemort had a chance to look around and find him, his legs shaking though he tried to hold firm. He gripped his wand tightly, thrust it out in front of him, and threw himself around the side of the headstone to face Voldemort.Voldemort didn't need to raise his wand; he was ready. As Harry shouted, "Expelliarmus!" Voldemort cried out, "Avada kedavra!"A jet of green light came streaming out of the end of Voldemort's wand, while bright red blasted from Harry's. The graveyard was illuminated, just for a second, and Harry saw his sister writhe silently on the ground, her mouth open in a silent scream. Then the two spells met in mid air, and suddenly Harry's wand was vibrating violently in his hand, like an electric current was surging through it, his hand had seized up around it and he was sure that he couldn't have let go even if he had wanted to. A very narrow beam of light now connected the two wandtips, not green or red, but golden and shimmering. Harry followed the beam, astonished, and saw that it was not only his wand that had reacted but Voldemort's too; both were shaking and vibrating in their owner's hands, and Voldemort looked, too, like he was incapable of letting go.And then, without warning, Harry felt himself lifted from the ground. He and Voldemort were both being pulled into the air, their wands still connected by that golden thread of light. They were being moved away from the headstones into a quieter clearing, free of graves. The Death Eaters were shouting, asking Voldemort for instructions, not understanding. And Harry didn't understand either.The golden threads that connected the wands splintered suddenly; though the wands themselves remained connected, a thousand more offshoots arced high above Harry and Voldemort, crossing the night sky like shooting stars in reverse, until the pair of them were seemingly encased in a web of golden light that muffled the cries of the Death Eaters."Do nothing!" Voldemort shrieked to the agitated Death Eaters. His eyes were wide with astonishment and Harry could see him fighting to break the thread of light between their wands. Harry held onto his own wand more tightly now, with both hands and the golden thread did not break. "Do nothing unless I command you!"A sound filled the air, unearthly and beautiful. Harry knew it almost immediately; phoenix song, like that of Fawkes, who had saved him once before. It was the sound of hope, and it filled the cage around them to the very edges of its golden network. It felt as though the song was inside of him, not only around him. It was a sound he connected with Dumbledore, and he could hear his voice in his ear.Don't break the connection.I know, Harry told the music, I know I mustn't. But it became altogether much harder to do; his wand vibrated harder than ever, so that he was sure it would fly out of his hand at any moment, and the beam of light changed to tiny beads, sliding between the two. There was another sound in amongst the singing; his sister's voice, whispering something he couldn't make out. His wand shuddered in his hand, as the beads of light began to, slowly but surely, glide towards him instead of Voldemort. He felt his wand shudder angrily.As the nearest little bead slid nearer to Harry he felt the wand heat up and was sure that it would burst into flames underneath his hand. The closer the bead moved, the harder the wand vibrated, so that Harry had to fight to keep control of it. He focused every part of his mind on forcing the bead the other direction, back towards Voldemort as his ears filled with the phoenix song. And the bead slipped away, and it was Voldemort's hand that was shaking now, shuddering from the powerful vibration of his wand. He looked astonished and almost... almost fearful.Voldemort's wand seemed to emit screams of pain, and then Harry could hear a voice, his sister's voice, drifting over to him, whispering, "Help." And then a shadowy hand appeared from the wand tip, the hand he had made Wormtail... And something else grew, something dark and smoky, that began to lighten as it formed legs, a torso, a head... It was the body of Cedric Diggory. Harry felt sure he was going to release his wand from shock, but he kept as tight a hold as he could.The ghost of Cedric Diggory emerged fully from Voldemort's wand, as though being squeezed out of a very narrow tunnel, and this shade of Cedric looked up and down the narrow beam of light and the golden bead and said, quietly, "Hold on, Harry."Its voice was distant and echoing, but it was there. Voldemort even looked shocked, and the Death Eaters were shouting. There were more screams of pain from the wand and then came the dense shadow of a small head, a man forming in the darkness, a man Harry had once seen in a dream... And he surveyed the thread of light that still connected Harry and Voldemort, and the golden light, and spoke in astonishment. "He was a real wizard, then?" he said, his eyes on Voldemort. "He killed me, that one did. You fight him, boy... You fight him."Already another figure was emerging. The body of a woman... It was Bertha Jorkins. She surveyed the battle with keen eyes. "Don't you give up now!" she told Harry sharply. "Don't let him go, Harry! Don't let him go!"The three shadowy figures began to move around the golden web of light, the Death Eaters flitting around the outside of it. And Voldemort's victims whispered as they encircled the duellers, and Harry could hear his sister's voice too... "My wand," her voice seemed to say from far away. "Help me, Harry. Beat him, and help me. It's going to be okay."And the others all whispered encouragements to Harry as Calla's voice faded away, and they hissed insults at Voldemort which Harry could not hear.Another head was emerging from Voldemort's wand, and Harry knew who it would be before she even emerged. A woman he knew and should have known more, who he had thought of so many times tonight. It was his mother who emerged, but the ground and then straightened up, looking right at Harry, and then around to Calla, and then back to Harry. He could not see the colour of her eyes but he knew their colour, saw them every time he looked in the mirror. He was shaking madly now, as he looked into the face of Lily Potter. The gentleness of her was so much like Calla."Your father's coming now," she told him, "he wants to see you... It will be alright now... hold on..."And he did. First his hair, and then his body, and Harry knew his face just as he knew his own. He fell to the ground and straightened like his wife. He walked towards Harry carefully, and lowered his voice to speak in his ear, so that Voldemort could not hear. "When the connection is broken, we will linger for a few moments," he told him. "But we will buy you some time... You must get to Calla and get back to the Portkey... It will return the two of you to Hogwarts... do you understand, Harry?""Yes," Harry said, now struggling to keep ahold of his wand and himself."Harry," Cedric's voice said, "take my body back, will you? Take my body back to my parents.""I will," Harry promised, face screwed up in concentration and effort. "I will.""Do it now," said his father's voice. "Be ready to run... do it now...""NOW!" Harry yelled. He pulled up his wand and the golden thread broke apart, the golden web shattering.He ran like he had never run before, zig-zagging desperately and avoiding the many Death Eaters, rushing to his sister's body, picking her up unsure if she was even still breathing - she was so cold and so still - and dragging her along, shoulders straining. "Stop him!" Voldemort's voice bellowed and bright red lights fied the clearing. "Take the girl!"He dove behind a statue of an angel, pulling Calla with him to hold her tightly. Her head lolled onto her shoulder. He shuddered as spells blasted the headstone apart. "Impedimenta!" he bellowed, freeing one arm to send a spell flying past the edge of the angel. He picked Calla up and jumped over the cup, hardly daring to look back over his shoulder. Jets of light flew over his head, something hit Calla's foot and made her convulse, and Harry withheld a cry of fear as he grabbed Cedric's arm. His sister slipped and he tried to keep ahold as she stirred, letting out a groan of pain. She was shaking like mad."Stand aside! I will kill him! He is mine!"Harry's hand closed around Cedric's wrist. One tombstone still lay between him and Voldemort, but the cup was so far away and he couldn't carry both Cedric and Calla. They slipped in his grasp. Voldemort's red eyes gleamed in the darkness. Heart in his mouth, Harry pointed his wand with a free hand, Calla slipping from him as he tightened his grip around her waist and held Cedric's wrist tightly, as the cup soared through the air. His sister's scream tore through the air and he fumbled, as a Death Eater shot a curse towards him and another reached out his hands, clamouring at the air and then at his sister. He grabbed the cup by the handle.Voldemort screamed in fury as Harry felt a jerk behind his navel that meant he'd caught it, that the Portkey was taking him back. But he felt Calla slipping, felt someone yanking her back as Harry spun away. But he couldn't let go, couldn't reach behind to pull her with him.XxSometimes Muggles said that when you died, or were about to die, your life flashed before your eyes, all of your memories. But Calla hung suspended not in darkness or in memories, but in a bright white, hollow space. Faint silver shapes lingered at the edges of her vision, like the figures in the shadowy cupboard she'd been so afraid at nights when she was young, but they did not scare her. She was not dead yet. She knew that as she pressed her palms together, as she shook her head, as she wriggled her feet. Not dead. Not yet.She was alone in this ghostly place, except for a shadow that lingered at her back. When she thought about it, it made her hurt. At the edge of her vision, it was not only lone figures that wandered, but a haze of images. She tried to step forward towards the one before her and felt her foot slip through the floor like it was a cloud, and then she was on the hard tarmac of Privet Drive. Her cheek wasn't grazed or bruised, though she had certainly landed on it.This wasn't real, then. Obviously, whispered a voice from the sky. It sounded weirdly like Dudley. She watched the door of Privet Drive, sitting cross legged on the middle of the road; there were no cars, but when Mrs Figg's cat ran towards her Calla found herself levitated almost pleasantly into the air, making space for her. It was like a vision, but... weirder. When she moved, her movements didn't feel like her own. Rather, it was like something was controlling her, with invisible strings from the sky. She watched the door with interest for a couple of minutes before she tried to get up, and then felt herself yanked into the garden, crushing Aunt Petunia's flowers as she stumbled to her feet. They sprang back to life the moment she moved off of them.The door opened, Dudley hurrying out, and then the world turned and the sky darkened. She shivered, frozen suddenly, as she heard wailing and hissing and the rattle of terrified breath. Mine, a voice whispered in her ear and she whirled around, the oppressive darkness closing in air her, and when she stepped off of the grass she fell through the road again.She was in that white place again, except colour was starting to bleed into it, images blurring together. Sirius was in a dark room, falling, smoke clouding him; Remus was bent over, his face contorted and held in a scream, cheek scarred and torn; and the Dark Mark rose emerald and terrible above the highest tower of Hogwarts, and against even the night it seemed to cast a shadow. Green light blazed around her then, a wind picking up, and she ran, seeing that mark come closer. Red ran across her vision like blood, she heard the muffled sounds of her brother's voice as golden tendrils rippled through the air, wrapping around her and pulling her down.Not real, she repeated to herself as she fell. Not dead. Not yet.Tom Riddle was approaching her, a sinister shape against the lights, but he was shadowed by something else, someone else, greater and larger and darker. She didn't have to see his face to know who it was; the creature the boy would become. Something seemed to follow at her back, cold and damp as it reached over her shoulders and arms. She found herself reaching forwards, questions and insults and protests all hot on her tongue, but she choked on every word, scared even in her vision. All she could ask was, "Why?" and then everything raced around her in a blur.People mourning in dark cloaks, a shadow falling over a shining city, the drag of the Dementors against a watery sun, Moody's scarred face and whirring blue eye, something menacing there, and then Snape's black eyes glinting, Trelawney wrenching out a sob, silver steam rising through the air, and spells, always, ricocheting around her. The magic was oppressive and suffocating, spellfire forming ropes around her throat. She reached for her wand but there was nothing in her pocket, and her hand fell right through it the same way, leaving her stumbling and gaping. Show me something useful, she thought to herself, reaching towards the haze in her peripheral, and then found herself shaking. She had to push through it herself, she realised. This was her mind - at least, she hoped it was - and she had to take control of it. Had to bend what she was seeing to her will, and bend the limits of what she could see.She imagined the silvery haze forming and twisting, the fog clearing and retreating. She reached forward, the shadow and fear at her back relenting for a moment. It was strange. She felt almost at peace until she saw what the mist had been shrouding.Her brother lay there. The white ground around him was solid, and he was so pale, green eyes - so, so like her own - closed, and his body stiff. His lips were blue, and that scar on his forehead was gone, faded like the rest of him.She screamed and she didn't know if she screamed outside of her vision but she was screaming in this one, and she recoiled and she stumbled back and then from her brother's body rose another figure, wreathed in smoke but becoming more solid, coming towards her, pale faced and red eyed, beckoning her with a pale, spidery finger. The world around her clouded and she willed herself to run from it, for her mind to show her something else, anything else, and she leaned back and she fell.She twisted in midair, slamming onto the ground, feet first. This wasn't anywhere she knew. The world around her had a pale, almost pearly sheen to it. Even the figures by her were hazy, and they kept moving, blurring from eight to six to three to five, changing all the time. A door before them opened, one she hadn't seen before, and she heard someone familiar screaming and her stomach lurched.But the room before them beckoned her. She could hear whispering all around her, and the same haze that accompanied her visions was cast all around her, trapped in tiny spheres that were like crystal balls but not. She knew the difference. Her breath caught in her throat as the other figures disappeared and she was left alone to run her fingers over the tall shelves, to lean into this world and this blue light. It felt like a home. She never wanted to leave. To live here in this place, away from pain and fear and the creature who had put her here, would be bliss.The end of the corridor beckoned her. Her finger slipped against one of the warm spheres of light, surprisingly pleasant to the touch, but her knees gave out and something propelled her forward. Shouts from the distance. She ran, ran as fast as she could as the world rained down around her and then she came to a door and then she fell into a sea of gold light, dancing all around her, and she saw her brother's face and she whispered, "Help," and then she fell into the warm glow of the sun and hit something hard.She tried to move, drag herself upwards, but she didn't know what was real and there were voices around but she couldn't make out what they were saying. Calla lurched to her feet, struggling. Her brother was holding her and he was running, but she was barely aware of the world. She could feel herself slipping. She had to do something, had to move, and she didn't know where he was going. Something seemed to be pulling her back, repelling her from her brother. A spell hit her, sending fiery shooting pain up her leg, wracking her body. She tried to scream but no sound came out. Harry grabbed Cedric, and they lunged for the abandoned cup - the Portkey - but blinding pain shot through her scar, the world swimming. Someone else's hands wrapped around her arm and she slipped from Harry's gasp, shrieking as he disappeared."No!" she screamed as she sank onto the grass. It felt like her heart was about to tear from her chest. "Harry! Harry!" He was gone. He was gone. "Harry!"Cold fingers wrapped around her wrist and she shuddered, every part of her shaking. "Harry!""Your brother is gone," Voldemort hissed, pulling her towards him. She struggled, but every touch of his made her feel weak. "He has escaped me yet again..." His voice was almost taunting. She wanted to run, but her legs didn't seem to work. The words, you're going to die you're going to die ran over and over in her head. "But if I cannot kill him, I will have you. Perhaps he will return for his sister... Or perhaps not." He would, he would. He had to, but how could she ever hope for him to return here, to Voldemort? "I will still have one prize from this venture. Tell me, Calla Potter." A jeer went around the shadows of the graveyard. "What can you See?"

Harry slammed into the ground and felt all of the breath knocked out of him. He gasped, and cold, sodden grass tickled his nostrils. The sounds around him were muffled, but nothing felt real, and he couldn't bring himself to open his eyes. He kept a tight grip on Cedric, on the cup. The world felt like it was swaying underneath him, like he was on the deck of a ship and if he let go of either of those two things - Cedric, the cup - he would surely fall overboard. Shock and exhaustion kept him tied to the ground, as he breathed in the grass, felt his sister breathing shallowly under his shaking arm, waiting... Waiting for something to happen, anything... For someone to help... Where was Calla? Where had she gone? He couldn't make himself move, and terror held him down. He'd let go, someone had taken her. Was she still there, still unconscious, without him? All the while his scar burned dully on his forehead, the pain refusing to leave him even while he lay hundreds of miles away from Voldemort.There were voices all around him, muffled by each other and by Harry's shock; there were shouts and screams and the rush of footsteps over the ground that Harry could feel in his bones. He stayed where he was, face against the sodden grass, screwing his eyes shut as if, if he could only keep them closed long enough, he'd realise this was all just one nightmare, and he would force himself to wake up. The only thing he saw in his mind was Calla. Where was she? She was gone. It was his fault, he told himself. He couldn't breathe.Then a pair of rough hands grabbed him and turned him over. "Harry! Harry!"He looked up, heart pounding, into the face of Albus Dumbledore. Other dark figures pressed in around them, their footsteps reverberating in Harry's skull. He let go of the cup, but held Cedric closer to him, hardly feeling able to breathe. He'd come back to the edge of the maze. It was over. But he reached up and siezed Dumbledore's wrist, as his face swam in and out of Harry's vision. "He's back," he said hoarsely. "Voldemort's back. He - he has her - Calla... He said that he - that he needed-""What's going on? What's happened?"It was Cornelius Fudge. His face appeared over Harry, white and panic-stricken. "My God - Diggory.""Calla," was all Harry could say. "She - he has her. He has Calla!""The boy..." Fudge stared at Cedric. "Dumbledore - that boy's dead!"Those words were repeated all around. Harry could see the faint outlines of Remus and Sirius pushing through the crowd of people, running to them, could see others behind them, Daphne and Padma being held back, both of them looking like they were screaming. "Calla," Harry mumbled numbly. His sister's face flashed before his eyes, haunted and terrified. She was still there. He couldn't save her. "Calla!""Harry, let go of him," Fudge's voice said gently, as he tried to prise Harry's fingers off of Cedric's cold wrist. Harry couldn't. He couldn't move.Then Dumbledore's blurry face came closer. "Harry, you can't help Cedric now. He's gone. You need to let him go.""I can't!" Harry said, panic rising in his throat. "I can't! Dumbledore, Voldemort-""I know," he said, voice impossibly soft. It only served to scare Harry further. How could he be so calm? "Miss Delacour told us you were taken from the maze and we are trying to find where the cup took you. The Aurors have been alerted-""They're in the - the graveyard," Harry gasped out. "Where Tom Riddle's buried. And Calla - she said - help her." It felt important to explain. "I couldn't get her wand, I had to save her, but he - he took her!"Dumbledore looked grave. "It's alright, Harry.""No! No, it's not, he - Voldemort's back, he has my sister! She - she - she might be-" He couldn't say the word but he struggled defiantly to his feet, fingers unfurling from around Cedric. "I have to - to go back, I have to - Calla! Cedric - Cedric said to - to take his body back." Harry slowly let his wrist slip from his grasp, let Fudge move him. "He wanted me to take him back to his parents. I tried to - to take him and save her but she - they took her...""It's alright," Dumbledore said gently, and slowly made Harry sit up."I have to - I have to find her! He'll kill her!"Dumbledore's hands clasped Harry's arm protectively. He swayed, head pounding. People were shouting. His ears searched for Remus' voice among them."What's happened?""What's wrong with him?""Diggory's dead!""What about Potter?""Where's the girl?""What are they doing?""He'll need to go to the Hospital Wing!" Fudge was saying loudly. "He's ill, he's injured... Dumbledore, Diggory's parents, they're in the stands. And where is the girl? The Delacour girl said they disappeared, where did it take them? And Remus Lupin and Sirius Black..." He looked vexed by saying their names aloud. He turned around, face white."I can take Harry, Dumbledore," Moody's voice growled. "I'll take him...""No, I would prefer..."Harry could see Professor Flitwick hurrying between the legs of the crowd towards them, followed by Madam Pomfrey. He was asking for Calla, but there was no one left in the maze, and the tiny professor looked more terrified than Harry had imagined a teacher capable of appearing. Fleur had her hands to her mouth, and looked like she'd been crying for a long while. Her elbow was in a cast. She was lucky. Harry's head felt dizzy and heavy. "Dumbledore, Amos Diggory's coming... don't you think you should tell him, before he comes... and Remus Lupin... Oh, Merlin, where is the girl?""Harry, stay here.""Calla - I have to... They took her to the graveyard! Tom Riddle..." But Dumbledore was already fading and Harry wasn't sure he'd heard. It was going to be too late. Panic seized his throat. They had to listen, someone had to listen, and he had to find Remus, had to explain, had to get help.Girls were screaming, crying hysterically. He could see a small cluster of them in bright blue, Calla's dormmates, holding each other. The scene flickered oddly before Harry's eyes. "It's alright, son... I've got you... Let's get you to the Hospital Wing...""Dumbledore said stay," Harry said thickly, the loud pounding of his head blocking out everything else. He felt like he was about to throw up. "I have to - have to tell him - the graveyard - Calla. I have to tell them everything, they have to find her or he'll - he'll kill her! And I - I have to find Remus, have to tell Remus - I want Remus-""You need to lie down... Come on, now.""My sister...""Will be alright." His voice sounded almost angry. "The Delacour girl got out and raised the alarm, Fudge has called Aurors to him. They'll find her, Potter."Someone larger and stronger than Harry was pulling him through the heavy press of the crowd. Harry could hear them gasping and screaming as the man supporting him led him through. He was taking him to the castle, across the lawn, past the lake, past the Durmstrang ship and the Beauxbatons carriage... Harry could hear nothing but heavy, laboured breathing as he went."Calla," Harry gasped. He couldn't feel anything but terror. "I let her - I tried to hold on but I couldn't, they - they took her. She's dead. She could be dead and it's - it's because of me, that's why.""She'll be alright, Harry." Moody said, stumping up the stairs into the castle. "What happened?""Aren't you listening? He - he did something, she passed out. They're going to kill her!" He struggled against Moody, but he was much stronger. "I have to go back! I have to get her, he'll kill her and it's my fault, she's my sister-""You don't have to do anything," Moody growled, turning him back around. Harry felt almost suffocated by his terror. "That's Dumbledore's job now. You tell me what happened. I don't know if Delacour's told us the right version of things.""The cup was a Portkey," Harry told him, trying to stop himself from screaming the words. "Took me and Calla and Cedric to a graveyard... and Voldemort was there... Lord Voldemort...""The Dark Lord was there? What happened then?""Cedric... They killed Cedric." He felt like he was going to be sick. "Made a potion... got his body back.""The Dark Lord got his body back? He's returned?""Then the Death Eaters came... He said he had to use Calla... he cursed her... she fought... then he made her fall and... and then we duelled.""You duelled with the Dark Lord?""Got away... my wand... did something funny... I saw my mum and dad... they came out of my wand.""In here, Harry... in here and sit down... you'll be all right now... drink this..."A key scraped in a lock. A cup was thrust into Harry's hands. "Drink it... you'll feel better... come on now, Harry. I want to know exactly what happened."Moody tipped the contents of the cup down Harry's throat; it was oddly peppery and made him cough. Moody's office came into view and so did Moody, he looked even whiter than Fudge, and the scars on his face stuck out even more than usual. Both of his eyes were focused unblinkingly on Harry. "Voldemort's back, Harry? You're sure? How did he do it?""He took stuff from his father's grave, and from Wormtail and me." His head felt a little clearer now and his scar didn't hurt as much, but he felt his stomach swimming. This wasn't the Hospital Wing, this wasn't where they would be bringing his sister soon. He could still hear distant screaming and shouting from the Quidditch Pitch - or at least, he thought he could, it might have only been his head. "She isn't in the maze. They aren't going to find her there. They need to save her, I need to tell them!""What did the Dark Lord take from you, Potter?""He - he took my blood," Harry said, not sure how this was possibly so important when his sister was still there, still in danger. "But Calla..." Harry had to force himself to breathe. That was sister, he had to find her and he'd already wasted time sitting here with Moody. What good was that when she was with him? "We have to get Dumbledore, you - you're an Auror, they were in this graveyard, his dad's grave was there, you have to find it!""Not just yet, I need to hear what happened.""Aren't you listening?" Harry yelled. "You need to go now! I have to tell Dumbledore!" He strained, but Moody shoved him back into a chair, too roughly. "I have to - have to find Remus.""Not yet," Moody growled. "The Death Eaters, they returned?""Yeah," Harry said faintly, shakin hisbhead, "loads of them." He felt sick at the thought of what they might do to his sister. Why wasn't Moody doing anything? He didn't... He looked into Moody's eyes. He didn't look like he cared. Something felt wrong here. It wasn't just him being paranoid. Harry stared, hardly daring to think."How did he treat them?" Moody asked quietly. "Did he forgive them?"But Harry remembered suddenly. He should have told Dumbledore, that should have been the first thing he'd said. "There's a Death Eater!" he blurted out. "There's a Death Eater at Hogwarts! There's a Death Eater here, they put mine and Calla's names in the Goblet of Fire, they made sure we got through to the end!"He tried frantically to get up but Moody pushed him back down."I know who the Death Eater is," he said quietly."Karkaroff?" Harry said wildly. "Where is he? Have you got him? Is he locked up?""Karkaroff?" said Moody with an odd laugh. "Karkaroff fled tonight when he felt the Dark Mark burn on his arm. He betrayed too many faithful supporters of the Dark Lord to be welcomed back into his ranks... but I doubt he will get far... The Dark Lord has a way of tracking his enemies.""He's gone?" Harry asked. "He ran away? But then - he didn't put my name in the cup?""No," said Moody quietly. "No, he didn't. It was I who did that."XxWhen Voldemort touched her, all she could feel was pain, freezing cold and at the same time burning through every inch of her. She was sure she was screaming but she hadn't the consciousness to hear."Wormtail has told me all about you." Voldemort's hand wrapped around her thin wrist. "Your gift for seeing the future, for prophecy. I have need of it, you see. You will help me."I won't, she wanted to scream, but she couldn't make any sound come out. Her heart was beating so fast she thought it was about to take off. Where was Harry? Her brother, where was he? She felt too sick to move. "Come," Voldemort said quietly to the Death Eaters. "We must move out of the open." Their shadows crept together, one mass of darkness. Calla was hauled to her feet; something cuffed her wrists, and she was shoved forwards. She tried to walk, but stumbled, falling onto the hard ground. A numb sort of pain grazed her knees, and laughter rippled all around, mocking her. Her eyes smarted from exhausted tears.Something pulled her upwards again. She didn't know what. She didn't know anything that was going on - where was Harry, where was Cedric, where was she?They were coming closer to the edge of the graveyard where Wormtail had arrived from. He was cradling his hand, looking pale and terrified. The Death Eaters moved as one, a shapeless but monstrous entity. Calla didn't know where she was going, but she couldn't stop herself from moving. Her head spun. She had no wand, and she was surrounded by dozens of adversaries; all stronger and older than she was. Even if she had her wand it would not have been a fair fight."Sit, Calla Potter," Voldemort said softly, and she felt herself being pushed down by invisible hands onto a cold, hard rock. They were no longer in the graveyard, but the edge of a forest. Orange lights seared dimly over a hill. The Death Eaters shifted in the longer shadows.She couldn't move and she could barely think. She wanted Harry, but she didn't want him to be here. Feeling like she was going to be sick, she looked down at the ground, squeezing her eyes shut. There had to be a way out. Had to be. She knew Voldemort was a Legilimens and she knew he would use anything he could see in her mind against her. She had to hide herself, but she could barely even do that when she was trying with Dumbledore.She clenched her fist, bracing herself against the edge of the statue ledge as the Death Eaters closed in on her. Something forced her chin up, made her eyes meet Voldemort's. They were the colour of blood. "For years," he said softly, "the power of Divination has... eluded me. A rare flaw. It is rare, your gift, but it is powerful."A long time ago, before you were even born, a prophecy was made. About myself - and about your brother." She didn't know what he was talking about. She wanted out - out of this place, out of her mind, out of her body. She itched to run away, but she couldn't move. "I began to realise that fate was bringing us together, leading me to an ultimate victory. Once I destroyed Harry Potter, I would have nothing standing in my way.""You won't," she spat out, shaking her head fiercely."No? It is luck that has seen Harry Potter escape me tonight; but you have not been so lucky. Fate has its reasons, wouldn't you agree?" She seethed. "Wormtail." Pettigrew whimpered. "Hand me my wand and hold the girl still."She started to shake, trying to break out of her bonds. The Death Eaters laughed as Voldemort raised his wand, the tip balancing between the middle of her forehead. Pettigrew held either side of her head, stopping her from recoiling as she so dearly wanted to. She still had her legs free, even though they felt numb; she could run, but where to? She had no idea where she was. There was a faint shadow of a house on a hill but she didn't know if there was anyone there. No one seemed to have heard her screaming.Voldemort whispered something so quietly Calla couldn't make it out. Something thin and silver wisped from the end of his wand, soft against her forehead, where it split and curled away like smoke over her eyes. Ever so slightly, she could see confusion in Voldemort's eyes. He hadn't expected that, whatever he saw.He snarled, turning away and hissed something to his snake, who crept up over Calla's legs, curling around her torso tightly. She struggled for breath. Someone had to save her, she thought. Someone must, someone always did. But no one came. It was her and the trees, and the snake and Voldemort and Wormtail and the Death Eaters. She could feel the ghost of Voldemort's touch even as he left her, whispering amongst his masked followers. There had to be a way out, she thought, but she had none. If she broke these bonds, if she did something to distract them, she could run. The lights in the distance might have been a town, but she didn't know how she could conceivably get there. She wasn't even sure she could stand up without falling over again. But if she could only find a way to get the attention of whoever was nearby... If anyone was nearby...Her head was pounding. She knew somehow that her proximity to Voldemort was causing it, and she could feel the beginnings of a vision pressing at the boundaries of her mind. Part of her wanted to give into it, wanted to forget everything that was happening right now, wanted to see a way out. But she knew that was what he wanted. He wanted her gift, wanted to use it, and for that, she had to use it, too. So she couldn't.It took every ounce of her control to keep herself grounded in reality, as the Death Eaters converged around her, as their whispers grew louder and more sinister, drowning out everything. She tried to separate her thoughts, forming a plan only in the back of her mind, but she didn't know if she could possibly hold up against Voldemort. She didn't even have a wand. But she had to get out of here.She had to try. Even as he took her wrist again, scraping brittle sharp nails like claws over her skin. Even as she felt like she was going to pass out or even die. She tried to move, slowly, but her eyes caught into his, that horrid red. She could feel herself slipping again as the snake uncoiled from around her, and she gripped the statue harder. Voldemort's face twisted into a cold, satisfied smile. "Don't resist it, Potter," he told her. "There's nothing you can do now.""Why?" she bit out, wishing only that she could get him talking, buy herself some more time. Maybe someone was out for a late night forest stroll. But she didn't think Voldemort and his Death Eaters would lose a fight to a Muggle, and they'd have no problems killing them besides. She knew Voldemort liked to talk, and he had all his Death Eaters here. They were his audience; he wanted a show. For now, all she could do was act it out; just not entirely by his script."Why?" He laughed coldly and her eyes flicked to the pocket of his wands. She could see just the tip of her wand and fought to keep back a gasp, to keep her thoughts protected. "Because you have power, and I want it. I have heard so much about you, Calla Potter... The other child in the nursery that night, the shadow to your brother. Perhaps that night was only fate... Needed so that I could rise again, rise higher than ever before. And so that I would have you as my prize.""You're mad."He only laughed dismissively. "You think I have not heard so before? There is no madness in a desire for power. The madness would be to abandon that which lies right in front of me. You, Calla Potter... I find we have a strange connection. Many years ago, you came across me in a forest... I was weakened and desperate, at my lowest, resigned to feeding off of the energy of lesser creatures. And then I encountered you." As he spoke, Calla could feel the terror that she'd felt the first time she'd had a vision grip her again. "I could feel that odd connection even then. You fainted at the sight of me, exposed and vulnerable as I was, in such need of strength... and I got it." Her head span. "I did not understand it at the time. In truth, I did not intend to leave you alive either, the night I came for your brother... But there are spells spoken of by wizards of old. Viricaptus." As he said it, something in Calla's chest seized and tightened. White noise rang in her ears and panic clogged her throat and mind before every sensation faded and she lurched forward, head spinning. The word echoed in her mind. "Yes, Calla Potter. You see now? Fate wished it that I had to spare you that night, that our magic became entwined. Fate wished that I would have you here, the key to my dominion.""No," she whispered, even though she felt in her soul that it was true."No? You do not believe in fate, in the workings of Divination?""This..." She couldn't find her words. "Fate changes. Choices make fate. People make their fates."He laughed coldly. "Then perhaps you are the mad on, Calla Potter. Mad to think you could stand against me. Look at you now... So frail, so weak. I know how you defeated me once before, when I was but a memory of my self. It will not happen again. Already, can't you feel it?" His fingernails scratched the skin on the back of her wrist, where she'd been burned before in first year. It seemed to burn again now.But she couldn't condemn herself to stay here at the whims of 'fate'. Fate was subjective, she reminded herself through pained breaths. "I'm not going to die."She said it to herself and hadn't realised she'd spoken until Voldemort replied, "And I am not going to kill you. It would be such a waste." A hostage, then. She wanted to scream again but something stopped her, a strangling pressure against her throat. "You know this is your fate, Calla Potter. You feel it just as I do. Now, bow to me, and I will go easy on your mind."She looked at him, the horror of her situation truly dawning. This wasn't only about death or about power. Maybe it was to him, but to her... He was going to use Legilimency. He was going to force his way into her mind. Like all Ravenclaws, her mind was her prized possession. She couldn't let him in."I said, bow," he said, and she did so silently, because he had raised his wand and an Imperius would make it more difficult to resist Legilimency. The Death Eaters around them jeered. Her heart pounded. It felt wrong, but it was keeping her unhurt, for now. It was giving her time. Her eyes drifted to the still-lit cauldron, the slowly burning fire underneath. "Very good," Voldemort told her in a mocking, but sickly pleased voice. "I see you are less rude than your brother." A sob wrenched from her throat. "Ah, don't cry. We're all having such fun."She wanted to rise up, to scream in fury, to punch him, kick him, destroy them all. Not yet. She swallowed her fury in favour of a blank look and a blank mind. She rose, met Voldemort's eyes, and tried to suppress the shiver of deathly recognition that went through her. Something in her gut seemed to respond. It felt like it was being pulled out of her. Maybe she was just ill. Maybe this was fear. Maybe this was him.Voldemort raised his wand again; the tip traced her collarbone and then up her throat. Her skin prickled with goosebumps, cool nausea rushing over her. She wanted to close her eyes and ignore the world, but she couldn't, because it would be so much worse. The tip of the wand travelled up her throat, her chin, trailed along her jaw and cheek, catching against the leg of her glasses, and then pressed against the side of her forehead and the edge of her scar.For a second, the world blazed white with pain, and then disappeared.Remus' face flashed through her mind. He was running, both scarred and scared, his wand out. Sirius was with him, both pale and worried. They were coming for her, she had to believe they were. There were other with them, faces she didn't recognise. They all seemed to blur together.Her legs gave out and her vision twisted around her. Harry, older, face lined and scarred, making his way through the forest. His face was shadowed, and he looked scared in that resigned sort of way, like he knew what was coming. He faded into the white space of her mind along with everything else, and yet she knew she wasn't alone. There was a shadow at her back and it was growing.Calla could feel Voldemort pressing closer, feel him trying to snake his way towards her, and she tried to move, bend her mind around her visions. He wouldn't be satisfied. She wouldn't let him get what he wanted.She saw Hogwarts aflame and she turned away from that, made her vision-self go to the lake. Somewhere calm, somewhere clear, a place she imagined when she needed something to drown her thoughts in. Voldemort was chasing her. A snake hissed, slipping through the damp grass by the lake. It had red eyes and it was coming for her. "No," she said quietly to the snake, willing it to stop. This was her mind, her vision. She wanted to control it, but she felt her control of herself even slipping away. The lake rippled, whispers from beyond rising to the surface like steam. She slipped into the lake and the snake followed. It thrashed in the shallows and she forced herself deeper and deeper down. There was a lump of terror in her throat, and yet the water was soothing. It was like nothing could hurt her here. She saw gloomy figures up ahead and leaned down into the murky, cool waters.Then she was back in the graveyard, gasping for breath, Voldemort's glare heavy on her. His eyes flashed with fury, confusion. "What is this?" he murmured. Her scar burned so terribly she thought she was going to pass out again. "How can you resist me..."He was confused, thrown off from his plans. Calla, heart pounding and mind empty of everything but fear, took the opportunity to pull her knee up and hit Voldemort hard, knock the wand from his hands. She broke through the invisible bonds on her hands, and stumbled forwards on shaky legs. He stumbled and she swiped at his robes, taking her wand by its tip, and took off, heart pounding as she tried to run over twisted roots and knots. But Voldemort was faster.He clasped her wrist and then pressed not his wand but his finger to her forehead. Her breath was wrenched from her throat as she struggled, bringing her own hand up. She scratched the back of Voldemort's wrist."You fight like a Muggle," he sneered, and she swung her leg to hit him in the side. He stumbled sideways, but a red spell shot past and hit Calla's shoulder. She screamed. "Perhaps this ought to loosen your mind up. Crucio!"It was like nothing she'd felt before. Fire raced through her from her chest to her throat to her arms to her stomach to her feet. Her every nerve felt on edge and she couldn't control them, could barely control her thoughts. She was screaming, but she didn't know the words she was saying. She couldn't think. Pain made her double over and then retch, then pull back and arc, trying to fend it off. Her hands reached out to grab something to anchor her, but she couldn't even feel the trees beside her. She screamed and screamed until her throat was hoarse and dry, and then she pushed back, trying to force the pain away. She couldn't let him do this. The magic felt like an acid in her chest that she had to expel, and yet somehow it felt a part of her. It was burning through her veins, destroying her from the inside out. Maybe this was how she would die. Maybe she would succumb to the pain. Maybe it was all too much.She had just enough clarity to see the shadow of the man before her. Remind herself why she was here. He'd spoken of a connection, him drawing on her magic. She was weak. But she wasn't dead. Not yet. Blinded by another onslaught of pain, she cried out, begging for it to stop, her eyes burning from tears. Anything, she thought, anything but this. With a cry, she lurched forward onto the ground, panting, cheeks stained with tears she couldn't remember shedding.She had only a second to recover. Voldemort's eyes were wide, almost surprised, and then he was in her head. She could feel his presence in the expanse of white, two ruby eyes before her. She was fighting him even in her mind, screaming at the top of her lungs in a plea for anyone, anyone to help her.She fell through the air and landed in a dank, damp cave. He was holding her by the shoulders, pushing her forwards, and she could hardly control herself enough to resist. A voice whispered - his, but not. It was deeper, almost warmer, just a little bit more human, and it was both taunting and mocking at the same time. Just come closer, it sang. Don't be afraid. She slipped into black water. Pale arms reached out, disturbing the surface, and then something else pulled her back by force.She was in a small shack now. Dark magic hung heavy in the air. There was a ring on the floor, shrouded by dust, but it sang to her. It was his voice, but... Her heart pounded. Her mother was singing there too. She saw her ghost in the gloom, then her father, and then Cedric, rising, made from light, it seemed. She reached out to it, saw a blackened claw reach out to her, wrapping around her wrist and pulling her down, down, down.She was standing at the edge of a frothing sea. A slightly older Tom Riddle stood above her, eyes rimmed with red fury. "Where did you see that?" That was Voldemort's voice, not his. Voldemort was behind her.She turned and turned and the world spun around her. He didn't want her to see that. There was something important. Something she'd recognised, too, in that lake.She reached out, and though she felt him pushing against her, she was pushing back, too. She willed the sea to still. "What was that?"Heart pounding, terror of the future fighting with her need to understand, she took ahold of him and pushed into another mind. This one was darker, a deep and tangled forest of yew trees. He was there, silent and still, but when she blinked her vision clouded. She pushed through the mist. She needed to know. She could feel his panic, panic he'd used against her.Then he split. There were different shadows, all of them him; she counted eight. One was the Tom Riddle she'd seen, but he was faded like a ghost. The others were different versions of him, perhaps different memories and different parts of his life. Mist drifted through her fingers and a whisper echoed. She strained to hear. She moved to the shade she recognised but was thrust back, towards the ground, and his vision become only darkness and mist. Was this his Occlumency then? What was he hiding? She pushed forward, a hand against a yew tree, other hand reaching towards one of the shades of Voldemort, and then she was thrown out.She landed hard on the ground. That moment of strength had cost her; exhaustion pulled at her. Pain echoed throughout her entire body, burning through her chest. She twisted around, stumbling to her feet.She had to see what he was hiding, look through the mist, but already one of the Death Eaters has a hold of her, Pettigrew on the other side. Voldemort was staring at her, red eyes full of hatred and contempt, but something else too. Fear. Fear of the unknown, fear of what had just happened, what she'd seen.You're not dead yet, she reminded herself, and forced herself to believe it. Control over her legs was difficult to regain. But force wasn't winning. She couldn't just force herself to remain in control."We must move," Voldemort said, and she found herself being dragged along the ground, up the hill towards the house she'd seen so many times in her visions. Her breath caught. She tightened her grip on the cloth of her robes and her eyes caught the ground, littered with stones and bits of wood. Weapons. And she had a wand. She still had a wand, whatever it could or could not do. The fire under the cauldron has been extinguished now. But fire... Fire was a beacon.She stumbled, shoved forward roughly, and her hands grazed sharp, pointed rocks and splintering, dry wood. Pocketing whatever she could, she allowed herself to be hauled to her feet, heart pounding. Her head swam.She kept hoping someone would appear, someone to save her, but no one did. The night was still. Dumbledore had said the Ministry had extra security; where were they now? Where were any of the people who were supposed to protect her? She only had herself, her wand, and her mind.They brought her to the door of the house. It looked like it was falling into disrepair, cracks in the walls, age-old paint all but gone from the wood. It didn't seem to have completely rotted though, at least.She was forced through the door into a familiar, dusty kitchen. The snake curled around her ankles and then slithered along with her. Her ankle trembled when she put weight on it, and she dug her nails into Pettigrew."See how she stumbles?" Voldemort said in a low, cold hiss. "See how she flails? Wormtail, have our guest seated."Pettigrew moved, just enough to let Calla's arm fall, her hand to reach into her pocket. She clutched the rounded end of the sharp stone, pushed a flat plank of wood to the bottom of her pocket where it could lie. She knew the rune for fire by heart. She trembled as she was pulled into a chair and made a show of slumping over onto the table. The Death Eaters jeered at her weakness as she slowly scratched the sideways arrow into the wood, and thanked wizards of the past for making it so simple."As we see," Voldemort said, "Calla Potter has most... unusual gifts. Though I must admit myself disappointed. It seems it has taken rather the toll on her." The Death Eaters jeered. "Yes, my contact at Hogwarts told me so... Little more than a squib."Her anger was hot in her chest. She stroked her thumb over the rune, feeling no gaps. "Here, tonight... Our other friend has evaded us, but we shall soon move on..." Shifting so that the plank of wood was settled against her knee, Calla started to form a circle, her motions slow and steady so as not to alert anyone to what she was doing. "Malfoy, I believe your house has room for guests..." The snake glided over her feet and she shivered, but ground her teeth."Yes, My Lord.""For too long, I have kept to the shadows..." A small flick where the circle met, enough to be a spark. "But no more... Lord Voldemort has risen, greater than ever before..." Calla tilted precariously on her chair, and caught her eyes on a cluster of wood by the fireplace, on the still ajar door, on leaves that had been trailed inside and left abandoned. "Even the great Albus Dumbledore..." She eased the piece of wood from her pocket, slipped her wand from the other pocket and held it carefully in her hand, positioned just underneath the shadows of the table. "Oblivious to my plan... My impostor." Ollivander had said this wand was powerful. She hoped it would prove it, now that she needed it. "See how slow he is to act, the fool?" The piece of wood slipped to the edge of her pocket. "Wormtail, fetch my belongings from the drawing room. Soon, we go... Soon, Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters will preside over Britain once more."Now. It had to be now. Her wandtip traced the grooves of the circle around the Rune. If no one was coming, she'd make them. She'd been told before people always came running when someone shouted fire, but if people thought they were in a burning building, then they would always try to run out. They would scatter. They would leave. She could do one better than merely the threat of fire. This house was falling apart anyway. And if this night killed her, she'd do as much damage as she could trying to live. She just hoped she had the strength left for it.Breath shaking, chest heaving, she whispered, "Fascine," and threw the piece of wood across the room as it burst into flame.

She might have made the Rune too strong, Calla thought, as the kitchen broke out into a fierce blaze. The Death Eaters yelled, scrambling away from the fire, and Calla ducked underneath the table as someone swung for her. Flames licked the wall, the ceiling, and there was a scream from upstairs, the sound of an explosion and glass shattering. This was an old house, quite possibly running on gas more than electricity, and bearing the remnants of that.Pulling the top of her robes over her chin and mouth, Calla crawled, low to the ground, wishing she'd had some cool water to dampen the fabric. But she'd known what she was about to do, and was at least on better form than the Death Eaters around her. Smoke was starting to fill the room, although the flames itself weren't as strong. A lot of this wood was probably partly rotten; it'd smoulder like mad when it caught."Where is the girl?" Voldemort shouted over the crackling flames. Someone yelled, and Calla saw a sweeping hem of a robe catch alight. "Wormtail!"Something creaked upstairs. The snake hissed. Calla kept crawling, eyes smarting from the smoke. Her wand scratched against the wooden floor and sparked. She tried not to breathe too deeply as she edged towards the floor. Something cracked - the sound of someone disapparating. People were leaving.The door creaked open and then seemed to crash in on the floor, immediately going up in flames. Calla bit her tongue to keep from swearing. She could hear people shouting outside, voices coming closer, and pushed forwards. The Death Eaters were disappearing, scattering like ants. Voldemort was yelling for them to stay, but not all did. "Calla Potter," someone's voice hissed, clutching her wrist. "You-" Fire caught on their robes and they scrambled away.Calla rose, still hunched, pushing towards the doorway even as her throat seemed to clog with smoke. Just a bit further, she told herself. A bit further, into fresh air, towards to town. People are coming. You're not dead yet."Viricaptus!" The spell rang in her ears and Calla stumbled, falling hard against the doorframe. Pain rushed up her side and she dug her fingernails into her palm, hissing as she fell through the doorway to the outside air, hacking and coughing. Every part of her was shaking, her vision swimming. She could hardly breathe, could hardly think. A flash of red light, and she fell to the grass, fire racing through her.Stop, she pleaded with the heavy night air, but she could hardly see through the blinding pain; it seared her mind and drove away all other thoughts. Screaming tore her throat, and it was pure instinct that kept her moving, nails digging into the ground. Her knees trembled. "After her!"Another burst of pain, seeming to explode through her forehead. She tried to rise, tried to run, but her knees gave out and she was stumbling, flailing. All she could think was stop, please. Callous hands reached for her, their touch burning. She flung her hands out and pain ripped through her again, but stopped as she threw herself to the ground, heart pounding as she slipped down the slope. Through the sting of her eyes she could make out shadows coming towards her, people.She chanced a glance over her shoulder, saw Wormtail holding his wounded arm, saw the snake slithering a trail through the grass. Just a little further, she promised herself, stumbling to her feet. Just keep going. Just keep going then you can rest. Her chest heaved. Her legs felt on the verge of giving out right underneath her, but she couldn't let them. She panted, feet thumping. She had to keep going. She wasn't dead yet."Aurors!" someone yelled, and the footsteps behind her eased up, uncertain. A series of loud cracks echoed around her. There was a crash from the house, glass raining down onto the grass. The roar of flames echoed in her ears."Calla!" Remus's voice in the distance."Remus?" Her voice came out as a hoarse crack. Her head span. A hiss. The snake was getting closer. She couldn't quite see. "Remus!""Calla!"She moved towards the oncoming shadows and the sound of his voice, but the snake wrapped itself around her ankles, tripping her. She fell into the grass, seeing a forest flash before her eyes. The eight figures of Voldemort seemed to fly in front of her, grey and haunting spectres, and cold slithered around her ankles and calves. Calla screamed, lurching upwards, forcing her hands down, forcing herself to stand. Strength fell from her, cold draining her senses. Her breath caught in her throat as the snake unravelled. Warm hands grabbed her and then she felt like she was being squeezed, and with a crack, it all disappeared into the hazy darkness.XxHarry was on his Hospital Wing bed when Calla was carried in by Remus, his face white with terror. Relief flooded through his chest at the sight, and he lurched off his bed. Mrs Weasley and Bill held him to keep him upright. "Cal," he said hoarsely, as Madam Pomfrey hustled over and his sister was laid down in the adjacent bed. "What happened?" She looked so pale, and was awfully still. His stomach twisted. "Is she-""We don't know what happened," Remus said, his head bowed over the bed. "We got to the graveyard, like Harry said, there was no-one there... Then someone lit a house on fire, and she - she was running out." His voice caught raggedly on his words. Sirius stood just behind him, shaking and pale."Peter was there," he said quietly. "I saw him. The Aurors are still there now, but I don't know if they'll find many of the other Death Eaters. Those with sense'll have Apparated out.""But Calla," Harry pressed, "is Calla okay?""You said there was a fire?" Madam Pomfrey asked sharply, pressing a hand to Calla's forehead. Remus nodded numbly. "Well, I can't see any signs of burns, but smoke inhalation can be just as dangerous. I'll have to run careful checks." Her eyes flitted to the door for only a moment, then she started to run her wand along Calla's neck. His sister jolted suddenly, letting out a gasp of pain, and went still. "And that scar..." She shook her head. Harry looked over, to see the spot on Calla's forehead where the flesh was once again raised and red, like the scar was fresh again. "Has Professor Dumbledore been informed that Miss Potter has been returned to us?""Filius is telling him," Remus said hoarsely."And this is a curse scar." Madam Pomfrey hummed lightly as she ran the tip of her wand down to hover over Calla's chest. "Yes, there's definitely some smoke inhalation, and she seems to have a few scrapes... But we don't know yet what happened." She sighed and then looked gently at Harry. "But she will be alright, Potter. She'll pull through, I can promise you that."Hermione let out a sob next to him and Harry sank back down, staring at the ceiling. Ron clapped him on the shoulder. "It's my fault," he mumbled, an ache in his chest. "I - I couldn't hold onto her. I should have been more careful. I should have listened when - when she said to leave, not to touch the cup.""You mustn't blame yourself, dear," Mrs Weasley told him. "And you heard Poppy; Calla will be quite alright.""I still left her there." Harry looked away and broke off. His voice was trembling and he didn't want to cry."She'll be alright," Remus was murmuring quietly. "She'll be alright."There was a knock at the door. Daphne poked her head around, looking even paler than usual, right down to her blonde hair. "Can we see her?" she asked. A second later, Padma's face appeared too, eyebrows knitted in worry.Madam Pomfrey looked like she was about to say yes, but then Isobel MacDougal and Terry Boot also appeared, followed by Anthony Goldstein. "And exactly how many is 'we'?" she asked sharply."Um... Nine?"Madam Pomfrey's mouth tightened into a thin line. "This wing is overcrowded as it is."Daphne's mouth fell open. "But-""One minute." Her eyes softened. "Just to assure yourselves she is alright."At her assent, the door all but burst as nine Ravenclaws surged in - Padma, Daphne, Isobel and Boot and Goldstein, but also Sue Li, Mandy Brocklehurst, Lisa Turpin and Michael Corner - all looking worried and tense as they hurried to her bedside."Is she alright?" Padma asked, eyes swimming with tears. Her gaze landed on Harry. "What happened, Harry? No-one's giving us any answers!""Why's she so pale?" Daphne demanded. "She looks..." She broke off, sobbing a little. Padma and Isobel were both quick to put their arms around her, but Padma, Harry noticed, was shaking even worse than Daphne."There was a fire," Madam Pomfrey said gently. "Beyond that, I don't yet know. But I can assure you all, Miss Potter is going to be alright.""Her scar," Terry Boot murmured, staring at Calla's forehead. Harry felt protective anger prickle beneath his skin. "It looks sore.""No shit," Turpin whispered, a haunted and horrified look drawn on her face."Watch your language in my ward, Miss Turpin," Madam Pomfrey told her sternly. "Now, out with you, she and Mr Potter both need rest and peace and quiet!""But we want to stay with her!" Daphne protested. Padma had already sank into a chair, numbly, and didn't look like she was going to move anytime soon."She'd want us to," Isobel added, grasping Calla's hand tightly."Of that I have no doubt, but this is my ward and I know what is best for my patients. You've been assured that Miss Potter is alright. Until she wakes, I need the space and calm to properly care for Calla.""But when will she wake up?" Sue Li asked, eyes round with worry."Soon, I hope. Within the next few days.""Days?""Likely less than that, Miss Greengrass. I will have you all informed when she does wake.""But we-""Miss McDougal, don't argue with me. Miss Greengrass and Miss Patil, you can both stay with Miss Potter, the rest of you back to Ravenclaw Tower.""Professor Flitwick!" said Terry Boot. Harry turned - he hadn't even noticed Calla's head of house come in. "Can't we stay?""Madam Pomfrey is right, Mr Boot," said Flitwick's squeaky voice. "Miss Potter will be quite alright, but we can't have her crowded. I understand the need to see your friend, but now you have seen her, you will return to Ravenclaw Tower. I'll be along in fifteen minutes to explain to your housemates and expect to find you all present."Defeated, the other Ravenclaws' hushed conversations filled the air for a couple of hurried seconds before Madam Pomfrey ushered most of them out, leaving only Daphne and Padma to sit either side of Calla's bed, both of them holding her hand tightly. The door closed and left them all in stifled silence.Harry turned to stare at the ceiling again. It felt like hours since Dumbledore had brought him in here after learning the truth from the fake Moody. He'd sent Remus and Sirius out first to find Calla, then the Aurors once Harry had revealed where they'd gone. If it hadn't been for Barty Crouch, if Harry had only been able to tell Dumbledore about the graveyard sooner, then Calla might not be so hurt. He could hardly bring himself to look over at her, but he had to. She looked so frail and so pale, her dark hair spread out on her pillow. Tears burned his eyes and he wiped them away fiercely, hoping no-one saw.The bed shifted beside him as Remus sat down, and reached out to hug Harry around the shoulders. His eyes were fixed carefully on Calla. "She'll be alright," he said, but he didn't sound entirely convinced."What if she isn't?""She will be.""It's my fault."Remus said nothing for a while, then sighed. "You have both been so, so brave tonight."Harry shook his head, a lump in his throat. "That doesn't mean anything. It - Calla's hurt, and Cedric..." He couldn't say the words anymore. "Bravery doesn't fix it.""I know," Remus whispered, holding him tight, "I know, Harry. But you mustn't blame yourself. Calla wouldn't want you to.""The last few months all we've done is argue.""You're far from the only siblings to do that.""Yeah, but..." He shook his head, burying his face in Remus' shoulder. "What if I'd lost her?" he mumbled."But you haven't. You and your sister love each other and you both know it. You've both always known it.""I left her.""You didn't mean to.""I still-""Harry, look at me." He was surprisingly stern for someone who also sounded so close to tears. Harry looked up, seeing pain and terror written on Remus' face, but a faint, forced smile still pulling at his lips. "I know surviving doesn't make anything easier. Surviving feels worse. You feel guilty. I know what that's like. I know what that can do. Everything you're feeling is valid, and understandable, but you can't scare yourself with what ifs. You and your sister are alive.""Cedric isn't," Harry whispered.He shook his head, leaning back, and sighed. His gaze went to Calla. "You ought to get some sleep, Harry.""I don't think I can sleep.""Madam Pomfrey has a dreamless sleep potion for you.""I don't want a potion."Remus smiled gently. "I know. But you'll feel better. And I promise, if Calla wakes up while you're asleep, I'll wake you too."Harry nodded slowly, leaning against his pillows as Mrs Weasley retrieved the potion from Madam Pomfrey. He downed it in one, and kept his eyes on his sister before he drifted off into darkness.XxHe wasn't woken when Calla woke up. Instead, he was woken by the sound of Cornelius Fudge blustering his way towards the Hospital Wing. "I tell you, the Aurors report no sighting of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, only a few rogue Death Eaters and local Muggles who came out looking for the source of an explosion that no one had any reasonable explanation for! The International Statute of Secrecy is at risk and my Aurors are having to deal with it on top of the initial mess from tonight! I have enough to be dealing with without your-""You should never have brought the thing into the school in the first place!" McGonagall's voice yelled back."I had no choice! I needed it for my own protection!""Oh, when Dumbledore finds out!"An instant later, the doors were thrust open and the screens were pulled around Harry's bed, blocking him from everyone's sight. He didn't know where Remus had gone, but presumably he was back beside Calla. He put his glasses on, frowning. Fudge stormed into the room, followed closely by McGonagall and Snape, both of whom looked furious."Where is Dumbledore?" Fudge demanded."He isn't here," Mrs Weasley said angrily. "This is a Hospital Wing, Minister, I rather think you'd-"She was cut off by the door opening again and Dumbledore sweeping in. "What has happened?" he asked. "Why are you disturbing these people? Minerva, I thought I asked you to stand guard over Barty Crouch-""Oh, there'll be no need for that anymore!" McGonagall cried. "The Minister has seen to that alright!""When we informed Mr Fudge that we had caught another of the Death Eaters responsible for tonight's events," Snape said lowly, "he seemed to believe that his personal safety was at risk. He insisted that, with his Aurors still at the scene in Little Hangleton, he ought to have a Dementor accompany him into the school. He brought it to the office where Barty Crouch was being held.""I told him you would not allow it, Dumbledore!" McGonagall insisted furiously, "I told him you would never allow the Dementors to set foot inside the castle!""My dear woman!" Fudge roared, taking Harry aback. "As the Minister for Magic, it is my decision whether or not I bring protection with me when interviewing a potentially highly dangerous criminal!""The moment that - that thing entered the office!" McGonagall yelled, voice trembling with anger. "The moment - it went down on Crouch and - and-"Harry knew what she meant without her needing to say it. The Dementor's Kiss. A chill went through him."Be all accounts, he is no loss!" Fudge cried. "He has been responsible for several deaths!""But he cannot give evidence," Dumbledore said quietly. Harry's heart plummeted. "He cannot give evidence on why he killed those people.""Why he killed them?" Fudge cried. "Well, that's obvious, the man's a raving lunatic! He has staged an act of terror and the murder of a young boy! From what we've seen and heard, he's delusional enough to believe that he was doing it on You-Know-Who's orders, that he has returned, and he has enveloped Death Eaters, who have laid dormant for years, into his raving plot!""Those deaths were on Lord Voldemort's instructions," Dumbledore said. His voice was calm, but Harry could sense tension there. "He has indeed returned; those deaths were a part of the plan to restore him to his body.""But - but the Aurors saw no sign of You-Know-Who! Only a few Death Eaters, and Peter Pettigrew, who seems enough of a lunatic himself! Certainly we must treat this matter seriously but to suggest that You-Know-Who has been resurrected - Dumbledore, it simply cannot be true!""And yet," Dumbledore said heavily, "it is. As Minerva and Severus have doubtlessly told you, we heard Barty Crouch confess under Veritaserum. He told us how he was smuggled out of Azkaban, and how Voldemort freed him from his father, and used him to capture Harry and Calla. The plan worked and he has helped Voldemort to return.""See - see here, Dumbledore," Fudge said with an incredulous smile. "You have already sent my Aurors out and they have seen no trace of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. You truly think this man is telling the truth?""You truly think the Death Eaters would reunite, together, in such a plan, if he was not? If Lord Voldemort had not indeed been restored to a body, to power, you truly think that the word of - as you say, a lunatic - alone would bring them together, when it is such a risk for those who have been hiding for so many years? What were they doing, if not bearing witness to the return of their master? Is it so improbable that the most powerful Dark wizard of an age is capable of Apparition?"Fudge seemed to struggle for a moment. "I do not know, Dumbledore. What were they doing at the Quidditch World Cup? These people... They will be stopped, they will be found, I assure you! We already have Pettigrew in custody! But you understand I cannot believe something as serious as the allegation that You-Know-Who returning to life merely on the say-so of a lunatic!""If you would step up to my office," Dumbledore said quietly, "I will explain everything that has happened. But I don't think we should linger where we might disturb vulnerable patients."Fudge turned around suddenly, as if seeing Harry for the first time, and then his eyes caught on Calla's bed. He paled. "The girl... My Aurors told me she may have been the one to cause the fire, as the only person found there in possession of a wand. The Statute of Secrecy-""I think you will find we have bigger issues at hand," Dumbledore said. "Miss Potter is currently in no fit state to be interrogated. Nor," he added, for Fudge had just looked back to Harry, "is her brother. Not tonight."Fudge's curious smile lingered. "And - and you would believe the word of Harry Potter? Of Calla Potter, even?""And why wouldn't you?" That was Sirius, Harry realised with a jolt. It comforted him to know he was still there."Sirius, please," Dumbledore said gently. "Cornelius, I certainly would believe both Potters. Given what has already been proven true - that the cup was indeed a Portkey, that they were taken to Little Hangleton, and that Cedric Diggory was murdered by Peter Pettigrew - it only stands to reason that Harry is telling the truth about Lord Voldemort. And I suspect his sister would tell the same story.""You would have me base the idea that Lord Voldemort has returned on the word of a lunatic murderer - perhaps two of them, if you get lucky - and a boy and girl who, well..."Harry understood suddenly. "You've been reading Rita Skeeter, Mr Fudge."Everyone jumped. Most of them hadn't realised Harry was even awake. "And if I have?" Fudge said, though he looked a little pink. "She has some funny stories, that's for certain. The girl with her crazed predictions and - is it visions, she calls them? And you, a Parselmouth, with your funny turns.""I presume you are referring to the pains Harry gets in his scar," Dumbledore said coolly. "And to Calla's - very real, and I must admit, very accurate - Sight?""You admit it?" Fudge said quickly. "The two of them, both with these strange pains, these nightmares? Hallucinations, perhaps? From what I've heard, the girl is delusional half the time!"You take that back!" Harry snapped, temper flaring. "Don't you dare say that about her! She's not delusional!""Listen to me, Cornelius," Dumbledore said, giving Harry a small, slow nod, "neither Harry nor Calla are any sort of delusional. They are both just as sane as you or I.""The girl has been spouting delusions all year!""Predictions, Cornelius," Dumbledore said. "If you struggle with the concept of Divination, I am sure that Professor Trelawney would be glad to explain it to you." Fudge glared at him. "Calla has a most impressive control of her gifts for her age, whereas Harry's scar, I believe, only pains him when Lord Voldemort is nearby, or feeling particularly murderous."Fudge shook his head, stepping back. "You'll forgive me, Dumbledore, but I have never heard of a curse scar behaving as an alarm bell before.""Look, I saw Voldemort come back!" Harry shouted. He made to get out of bed, but was pushed back down. "I saw the Death Eaters! They might have gotten away but you know they were there, I can give you names! Lucius Malfoy!""Malfoy was cleared! He is from an old family, gives generously to charity-""MacNair!""Also cleared! Now working for the Ministry!""Avery - Nott-" A gasp from beside Calla's bed. "Crabbe! Goyle!""You are merely repeating the names of those suspected of being Death Eaters thirteen years ago, Potter!""Because they're guilty!""Our Aurors-""Your Aurors let them get away!""There will be an investigation but I will not listen to you yelling out your crackpot theories-""I'm telling the truth, can't you just listen? He's back, and those Death Eaters-""Were proven to be innocent!""Well, they're not!""Dumbledore, you cannot swallow this! Now this is lunacy!""I believe Harry is attempting to tell you the truth, Cornelius.""And I believe you are all determined to have me worked into a greater panic than there already is! Already people are worried about what this means, I cannot tell them that Lord Voldemort has returned with no evidence and suffer the national - not to mention international - implications of that statement! Until my Aurors present me with evidence-""You have evidence! You have witnesses and you've already thrown one away!""I will not destabilise the nation that we all have worked so hard for thirteen years to rebuild!" He panted as he finished, red in the face and furious.Harry could hardly believe his ears. He was refusing to listen. Refusing the truth for the sake of maintaining order. Even with the evidence he had. He was looking on Harry and Calla as lunatics to let himself avoid his problems."Voldemort has returned," Dumbledore said again. "If you accept that straight away, Fudge, and take the necessary measures - starting with the Aurors who are already on the scene in Little Hangleton - we may still be able to take the necessary measures. The first step is to remove the Dementors from Azkaban prison.""I'd be kicked out of office even for suggesting such a thing!" Fudge cried. "It's preposterous! We can only sleep soundly in our beds because we know they are protecting us!""The rest of us sleep less soundly knowing that Voldemort's most loyal supporters are penned in only by those who would turn to him the moment he asks them to! They will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! Voldemort can offer them much more than you can. You would be hard pressed to fight him with all his old supporters and the Dementors at his back!" Fudge moved his mouth but failed to speak. "The second thing you must do, is to send envoys to the giants.""Envoys to the giants? What madness-""Extend friendship now before it is too late. Or Voldemort will persuade them, as he did before, that it is he alone among wizards who will grant them their rights and freedoms that have been denied to them.""You - you cannot be serious! If the community got wind... the giants - end of my career, Dumbledore!""You are blinded, Cornelius," Dumbledore said, "by your love of power and your position. You continue to place too much importance on purity of blood. You fail to realise that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be! Your Dementor has just ended the line of a pure blood family as old as any, and look how he turned out! I tell you now. If you take the steps I have suggested, you shall be remembered whether in office or out, as the beaver and greatest Minister of Magic we have ever known. Fail to act, and history will remember you as the man who stepped aside and let Voldemort destroy that which we have worked so hard and for so long to rebuild.""Insane." Fudge was backing away now, as though from a rabid animal. "Mad... Completely...""If you refuse to see the truth, Cornelius," Dumbledore said. "I believe we may have reached a parting of the ways. You do as you see fit. And I shall do as I see fit."Harry thought Fudge was going to flee. Then he turned, advancing on Dumbledore with a wand. Dumbledore looked quite unalarmed. "Now, see here," he spat, "I have given you free rein, Dumbledore! I have always had a lot of respect for you! I may not have agreed with your decisions, but I've kept quiet. There aren't many who would have let you hire werewolves-" Remus made a sound of frustration and Fudge skittered a little "-and kept on Hagrid, or let you decide your curriculum without deference to the Ministry. But if you're going to work against me-""The only one I work against is Lord Voldemort," Dumbledore said evenly. "If you are against him, then we remain on the same side."Fudge, it seemed, could find no answer. He took up his hat, placed it on his head. When he next spoke, he sounded almost pleading. "He can't be back, Dumbledore... He just can't be."He made to leave, but Snape got in front of him and pulled his sleeve up to expose a coiling mess of black on his forearm. "There," he spat. "See. There is the proof you need. The Dark Mark, clear as it was a few hours ago when it burned for the first time in thirteen years. Every Death Eater has the sign burned into them when they join his ranks. It is a means of distinguishing each other and a means of summoning us. If he touched the mark of any Death Eater, we were to Apparate to him. This mark has been growing clearer all year and Karkaroff's too. Why do you think he fled tonight, just after Fleur Delacour came out of the maze? We both felt the mark burn and knew he had returned. Karkaroff fears the Dark Lord's vengeance. He gave the names of too many supporters to save his own skin. He could not be sure of a welcome back into the fold."Fudge, looking horrified, stepped away from Snape. His eyes darted between the people in the wing, landing finally on Calla's small form on the bed. He swallows and looked away firmly. "I don't know what you and your staff are playing at, Dumbledore," he said. "But I have an investigation about possibly Death Eater activity on my hands already, an Auror Department trying to clear up an incident with Muggles that should be dealt with by the Misuse of Magic Department, a severe violation of the International Statute of Secrecy, and I have people who need my reassurance that all is well - not your ramblings about Dark Marks and the return of Lord Voldemort. I shall return to the Ministry. I will speak with you tomorrow, Dumbledore, to discuss the running of this school."He turned on his heel and had reached the door when he turned back around, marched back up the ward, and deposited a heavy bag of coins onto the end of Harry'sbed. "There," he said, "your winnings. There was meant to be a presentation ceremony, but given the circumstances... You can split it between yourself and your sister, however you like."Then he left. Harry was left staring at the ceiling again as Dumbledore started giving orders and instructions out, already thinking, already planning. Harry... Harry was furious, and terrified, and also exhausted. He looked back to his sister. She looked even paler in the dim lighting. Sirius came to sit at his side."Harry," Dumbledore said after a moment. He looked up. "Your sister will wake. When she does, you must explain to her what has happened. I'll be back as soon as I am able.""Back?" Harry echoed. "Where are you going?""Only to my office." Dumbledore barely chuckled. His gaze was elsewhere. "Do sleep well. And... I believe Miss Delacour has been asking to see your patients, Madam Pomfrey."Madam Pomfrey's eyes softened. "Yes, send her in. She ought to have that elbow checked again, too, just in case."Dumbledore nodded serenely and bowed his way out. A moment later, Fleur Delacour was hurrying up the ward, speaking rapidly in panicked French as she came to stand between the two beds. "She is okay?" she asked, voice high and nervous. "They said..." She shook her head. "'Arry."Harry looked up at her, frowning. "They are saying that you - you witnessed your He-Who-Is-Not-Named, return? That he..." Her voice broke off. "Cedric, is it true?" Harry nodded numbly. Fleur sobbed, and fell shakily into a chair beside Bill Weasley. "I did not know... When I saw you standing by the cup I was confused, but I could see you did not want to touch it. Then someone tried to curse me, when I ran for help. I thought it was Viktor." She shook her head. "I am so sorry. If I had only... I could have saved them."Harry didn't say anything. If Fleur had been there, another spare, he thought Pettigrew would have killed her just as easily. "It isn't your fault," he said heavily.Fleur met his eyes for a moment and then her gaze flickered back to Calla. "Will she wake soon?""Madam Pomfrey thinks so," Mrs Weasley said gently.She nodded and swallowed thickly as Madam Pomfrey came over to inspect her elbow. "And then what will you do?""Do?""From what I hear," Fleur said, tilting her arm and wincing, "this He-Who-Is-Not-Named is the same who ruined this country when I was only little. My parents told me the stories before I came here." She frowned between them. "What will your Ministry do?"Silence fell. "We don't know yet," Mrs Weasley said tightly. "Hopefully, something effective." But she didn't sound too hopeful.They lapsed into a moment of quiet. "She will be okay," Fleur said eventually, when Madam Pomfrey had given her the all-clear for her elbow. A broken bone was apparently a lot quicker to heal than a vanished one. "Will you tell her I visited?"Harry nodded. "Yeah."Fleur smiled faintly, but there was worry and sorrow behind her eyes that Harry hadn't really expected to have seen there, even though he should have. She had been such good friends with Cedric, and he knew she had grown closer to Calla, too. All of a sudden he regretted not having gotten to know the other champions more. "Thank you.""Yeah." She turned, and was about to slip out of the door when Harry added quickly, "Thank you." She looked back at him. "For coming to see Calla. And for trying to help."A small but weak smile pulled her lips and she nodded, before disappearing and closing the door behind her.Harry sighed, leaning back against his pillows. He looked over at his sister, still so pale, but at least breathing. At least alive. He breathed in carefully, closing his eyes. She'd be alright, he told himself. He had to believe that.Author's Note: Hey! First of all sorry for the little delay in publishing this chapter, I had a few structural issues in terms of switching POVs and wound up taking some parts out and re-writing them so it flowed better, and then just as I was ready to publish yesterday, all the electric and phone lines in my area went down for like three hours, which was not fun. But anyway, it's up now! I didn't want to put any notes in the last few chapters because of the flow etc. but just wanted to give you guys a bit of an update on my writing progress and where the story is headed! I've got around another dozen chapters already written, but I've spent time solidifying the outline for the next two years timeline-wise and am really excited about the direction I'm going to start going in. I can promise mind magic, soul magic, dark magic and a lot of Divination and Runes. From here on in, canon starts to kind of go a bit out the window. Certain canon elements will still be included, but the events of the graveyard are kind of the turning point in terms of canon divergence. Obviously we had Aurors present and so the world will have a different and slightly less certain story of what truly happened, plus Calla's visions and Voldemort's knowledge - and greater understanding - of that mean that this is going to have repercussions quite soon, which I'm looking forward to writing.I'm also excited to explore Calla's connection with Voldemort and her relationship with her magic. She also does start to go further down her own path of discovery, which I'm pretty excited for. The events of the graveyard are going to very much impact her and her mental state and I want to warn you guys now that she does end up in rather a dark place for a while. That said, I still really hope you guys enjoy reading Calla's journey as she starts to go further and further and explore more of magic and the wizarding world. Updates may be a little less frequent for a while just so I can get on top of things, but we should still have at least one a week. Thanks again for reading!

The first thing Calla could see was red, burning behind her eyes. It wasn't the sort of red that comes with sunlight, when your eyes are turned towards it but firmly closed  it was the red of startling eyes she knew too well, of a torturous and painful spell, and of spraying blood. Her body ached, she realised, from her neck to her toes. Memories came back to her, terror searing into her chest. Cedric. Harry. Voldemort, in her mind, eight shades of him all around her. Bodies on the grass. Everything on fire. Her forehead burned in the place where she had been scarred so many years ago. Viricaptus. Soft voices fell somewhere near her, and there was someone holding either of her hands tightly, one of them rubbing circles comfortingly over the back of it. Forcing her eyes to open, she got a hint of sunlight streaming through a window, falling on her skin, and saw it catch on dark hair. She opened her eyes fully, coughing, and the person on her right startled awake, head tilting up. Padma's eyes widened. "Calla!""What?" Harry's groggy voice groaned from her left. "Cal?"She was in the Hospital Wing. Padma was here, Harry was here. She pushed herself up to sit, though someone pushed her down. Remus. Daphne was sitting next to her, eyes looking heavy, though Calla couldn't properly make her out; she didn't have her glasses, she realised. "You're awake," she said weakly, and a moment later seemed to launch herself at Calla, hugging her tightly around the chest. "Calla! We thought - we thought...""Miss Greengrass, please do not crush my patient." Daphne released Calla sharply, flushing as Madam Pomfrey bustled over. "Now, dear," she said, pushing Calla's glasses back onto her face, "how do you feel?""T-tired." Calla yawned. Her head felt like it was going to crush her body. "Heavy. My shoulder... Everything... Hurts.""You feel warm enough, not too warm?" Madam Pomfrey placed a hand on her forehead and Calla cried out in pain as her fingers brushed over the edges of her scar. A flash of lightning toppling a tall tower. Pomfrey recoiled, staring. "Where does it hurt, Potter?"She gestured feebly to her scar, hand shaking. It hadn't hurt that intensely in a long time. Her memories of the night before were foggy, they were already slipping away, and she couldn't quite separate the future from her vision, from the past of the night. Everything was just... fuzzy. Madam Pomfrey hurried away to her office and Padma tightened her grip on Calla's hand. "We've been so worried.""Yeah." She shut her eyes again; it only helped a little bit with the pain. Her chest felt heavy, her lungs seeking to strain against her ribs. Voldemort's face flashed in her mind and she jolted, eyes flying open again. Everyone was looking at her cautiously, like she was a bomb about to explode. "Thanks."She knew the expression Padma and Daphne had surely just exchanged but she didn't want to see it. Instead, she moved herself up on the Hospital bed and curled her knees to her chest, feeling suddenly chilly when she moved under the blankets. "Calla."Her brother had left his own bed and was now crouched beside hers, green eyes wide and anxious. "What - what happened? Voldemort, he..." He seemed to struggle to find his words. Calla knew the feeling. "I couldn't get your wand.""Oh," she said. "It's alright. I got it, I think." He looked at her worriedly. "It came in handy." Her throat felt dry and stung a little. She supposed that happened when you set fire to a building you were in. "Are you okay?""I'm fine," he assured her, but she looked in his eyes and she knew he was not. "Promise."She smiled sadly, and brushed his hand gently. Her breathing shuddered as she fell back against her pillows. "Did you... Is Cedric...""Professor Sprout has spoken to his parents," Remus said quietly."I..." she started, but she couldn't finish. The pain weighed too heavily on her chest and she wasn't entirely sure she could breathe if she said anything else. "I'm sorry.""Oh, dear," Mrs Weasley said, and rushed over to Calla's side. "You've nothing to be sorry for, Calla. None of this is your fault, you understand? We're just glad you're safe.""I'm not though," she said quietly, and Mrs Weasley looked at her in alarm. "Voldemort - he - he's back!""We know, Calla," said Remus gently. "Dumbledore is preparing as we speak. He had the Aurors there as soon as he could, he's trying to get word out already.""Preparing? Preparing for what?""We don't know yet," Mrs Weasley said kindly. "But he's a great man, Dumbledore. The only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of, you know.""I know." Tears stung her eyes. If Dumbledore was so great, how could he have let this happen?""He will want to see you," Remus said, "when you're up to it."Calla nodded. She knew Dumbledore would want to question her, ask what happened, knew he'd make her talk about her vision and the graveyard and she still couldn't untangle her mind. It seemed all of her words had been used up already; she nodded numbly at Remus, and didn't dare protest when Madam Pomfrey gave her a vile-tasting potion to drink, or when she ran her over with her wand and demanded she remain in the Hospital Wing for another day at least."I don't know what to do about that scar of yours," she said in a hushed, nervous voice. "It looks almost new again, I don't want to hurt you by touching it." Calla nodded with a heavy head. "I can give you a Pain-Relief Potion for now, but I don't know what it might do in the long run. We may have to speak to someone from St Mungo's, I don't have very much experience with curse scars, and this... I'll have to speak to Dumbledore.""A curse scar?" Hermione wondered aloud as Pomfrey bustled away yet again. "What curse?"Calla shook her head. The Cruciatus and Imperius weren't supposed to leave scars, as far as she knew. Except when he'd touched her scar... "Viricaptus," she said quietly. Remus stared at her. "He said something... something like that. It formed this connection between us?" She shook her head again, massaging her temples. She regretted it when her finger brushed over her scar and pain began to burn through her."Pomfrey wouldn't let the others in for very long last night," Padma told Calla, "Isobel and Terry, all of us. They all want to see you. Everyone's so worried." They just wanted to know what happened, Calla thought, and she didn't want to relive it. She didn't honestly think she could. She shook her head. "We'll stay with you, if you want."Calla grasped Padma's hand tighter and she seemed to take this as permission to stay. "Dumbledore's talking to the rest of the school," Harry told her. "We're to stay here for now."Good, Calla wanted to say. She didn't want to face anyone other than the people in this room, not just yet. "He'll come and speak to you soon," Remus said quietly. "We'll stay with you if you'd like us to."Calla didn't know if she did. She didn't know if she could bear speaking to anyone at all, but she knew she couldn't have everyone around her when she did. But she nodded anyway, as a sudden weight settled on her legs. She blinked, looking down, and saw Matilda lying there, staring at Calla with her wide eyes. "She and your owl showed up not long after these two did," Sirius said, nodding at Daphne and Padma."I think Isobel might have managed to send them to you or something," Padma said, and Calla smiled fondly, reaching to scratch Matilda behind the ears. She purred gently, settling down."Hello, sweetheart," she whispered, feeling comforted by the familiarity of her cat lying on her, a gentle weight."Calla?" The doors to the Hospital Wing had opened and Dumbledore was standing in the doorway, looking relieved. "Madam Pomfrey told me you were awake." She nodded silently. She wasn't ready for this conversation, couldn't have it here, not now. "I'm afraid I will have to ask you all to give us a couple of minutes." He was looking at Remus and Sirius as he said this; neither of them looked inclined to leave Calla's side."Are you sure?" Padma did not pose her question to Dumbledore, but to Calla, and she was grateful. But she still nodded. It would be hard enough talking to one person, she didn't want to deal with the extra questions of eight others.She, Daphne, Ron and Hermione all got up and left quietly, looking nervously over their shoulders at Calla. Mrs Weasley fussed terribly as she left, too, and Remus gave Calla brief but tight hug before he led Sirius out of the Hospital Wing. "Harry can stay," Calla made herself say, and her brother gave her a grateful smile.Dumbledore nodded serenely. "As you wish. Calla, I'm afraid I must ask you, as I asked Harry, your version of last night's events.""I..." Her mouth felt dry and empty of words. "Well, I... I got through the maze alright. There were Acromantulae, I used the - there was some sort of - of drain... With Runes? I figured it out and it... the water got rid of them."Dumbledore nodded encouragingly. "Yes, Professor Babbling confessed she hoped one of her students would figure those out. She insisted upon the Rune system's inclusion."Calla nodded. It felt almost impossible to speak, but she managed it. "Someone tried to Stun Fleur, but we got away. I got through and I - I heard shouting and the Ac-Acromantulae again." She could feel herself shaking, and hear it in her voice. Her teeth knocked against each other. "But I could see light like - like the cup so I w-went towards it and sort of - I - I could feel there was something wrong and I knew to trust my instincts and I tried to warn the boys. We weren't going to take it! But something pushed us and I - Professor, I think I saw Moody and I know you trust him but-""The man you knew as Moody was an impostor," Dumbledore said heavily."He - what?" This new information boggled her mind. "Since when?""September."Her mouth fell open. "Are you joking? All that time - he put our names in, didn't he? He was Voldemort's spy, the one he said was at Hogwarts! The one who told him-" She broke off into a choked sob."Please continue your story, Calla," Dumbledore said evenly."I..." She swallowed the lump in her throat. "Fleur got there just before we were taken away... Is - is she okay?""Shaken," Dumbledore said with a nod, "and her arm is injured, but otherwise she is as well as she could be in the circumstances. She was quite concerned by what she saw, and fought hard to raise the alarm with us.""But she's - she's okay?" She wanted to be relieved, and she was, but she kept thinking of Cedric, his empty eyes, and she felt like she was going to be sick."She came to see us last night," Harry told her quietly. "Mainly you, I think. She was really worried."She curled up under her blankets as Dumbledore implored her to continue. Moony gave a soft, reassuring hoot and flew down to land on her bedpost, sweeping out one large feather to hover over Calla's head protectively. "The cup was a p-portkey and it took us to the... graveyard and he - he was there!" The memory of that cold, high voice echoed in her ears. She choked, eyes watering, and pulled her knees even closer to her chest, shaking her head."Calla," said Dumbledore quietly, "I know you're scared. You have to speak to us. It's vital that I understand the whole story of what happened last night."She didn't even bother to protest that she wasn't scared, because she was; she was scared in every inch of her, blood and bone and skin, her mind reeled with it and her heart beat uncontrollably and her chest tightened every time she let her thoughts go back to the graveyard. "He - he k-killed Cedric," she stammered out, cheeks strangely cold from her tears. "Wormtail. And then he - he took Harry and he moved me so I - I was at some - some statue and he tied me up and I - he b-brought him back and V-V-Voldemort, he brought the Death Eaters and-" She broke off again, tensing. "He told us e-everything. He-""Harry has told me what Voldemort said to you both," Dumbledore said quietly, "I want to know what he did to you." She could feel his eyes on her scar, scrutinising. "How he did it.""I d-don't know," Calla said, shaking. "He tried to put the Imperius Curse on me, and I - I never really, I hadn't shaken it off, in class, before, I'd never been able to - I don't - I don't know what he was trying, trying to get me to do, I couldn't really... hear... and then he - he - he touched my sc-scar and it - it hurt and then..." And then. She couldn't speak anymore. The memory of her vision rolled through her mind, but her tongue seemed to be tied, and she couldn't make a sound."That was when she collapsed," Harry said quietly, and Dumbledore nodded quietly."I don't..." She sobbed. "I don't know why. He said it was because I was weak and he was strong. And that he was strong... Because I was weak."Dumbledore seemed to consider her for a long moment before he spoke. "And after your brother was gone?"She let out a sob and Harry grabbed her hand tightly. "I didn't mean to - I had ahold of you, but someone grabbed you...""I know," Calla said hollowly. "I know." But all she'd wanted then was her brother. "He said he needed me, that he knew of my - my gift - the Sight, was what he meant. So he - they bound me and took me to the forest and Voldemort t-touched me he g-g-grabbed my wrist and then-" She broke off, putting her head in her hands. She couldn't stand telling them, going over it again. "He was in my mind!" She could still feel his shadow there, lingering on her back and crawling like a parasite over her shoulders. She shuddered, cold rattling her bones. "And I s-saw things and h-he knows and Harry-" She shook her head furiously. She couldn't bring herself to say those words out loud. "I'm sorry, I can't. I - I managed to get away and run but I wasn't fast enough. I tried to fight it, and k-keep him out my mind but... He was there. And then I saw - I think it was a cave, and then some sort of room with this ring or stone or... He didn't like it. But I - I fought him. In my mind, I don't know he, I don't think he knows either but I did it. And then I was sort of blasted back but I - I couldn't get away and they moved to the - to the house and I - I had to get out and I was scared and I - I'd picked up a stone and this bit wood - I - I thought I could use it, I needed to use something and I - I set it on fire and I ran. And then he - he used that spell a-and the Cruciatus - I thought I was going to d-die and then Remus was there and S-Sirius and then I think I p-passed out and..." She took in a deep breath, trying to calm herself down. Harry handed her a glass of water and she sipped it, savouring the cool taste. "Then I'm here."Dumbledore considered Calla in silence before he spoke, slowly and carefully. "I believe, Calla, that you like Harry here, have a connection to Lord Voldemort. You remember the diary in second year, how you felt it drain you? When you came face to face with Voldemort last night, the same happened, but ten times stronger.""B-but he was in my head!" Now he'd been there it felt like she'd never truly be able to get him out, never be able to forget."Voldemort is a skilled Legilimens. You said he had to touch you to access your mind... Many are more vulnerable.""But this wasn't like he could just see it, sir! It wasn't like our lessons! He was there, he was in my head! And I - it still feels like he's there." A shadow at her back, dread creeping through her."He is not in your head any longer," Dumbledore told her quietly."But it could happen again? Couldn't it?" She sat up straighter, gathering Matilda tightly up in her arms. Her hands shook in Matilda's hair."...Yes. Likely it will. But you mustn't be afraid.""How can't I be afraid?" she asked in a shrill voice. It was a ridiculous idea, she thought. She was lying here, barely awake, still cold, and she was shaking and she was terrified. It seemed impossible not to be afraid."You are stronger and braver than you know," Dumbledore said, but she didn't believe him. If she was, she wouldn't have collapsed in a heap at a single touch from Voldemort. If she was braver then she would have fought him properly, rather than ran away. Rather than bowed. Harry hadn't done that. "Now Voldemort has realised this connection he will seek to use it against you; do not let him. Use what I have taught you, your Occlumency. Fight back. I admit I hadn't thought you would have to use it yet, had hoped you wouldn't have to put it into real practice this way...""You - you knew-""Voldemort has drawn your magic from you," Dumbledore was continuing on as Calla's mind reeled silently. "I believe that, the night your parents died..." He sighed deeply. "No one knew what Voldemort intended to do with you. He went after your brother, see." Dumbledore nodded to Harry, who looked uncomfortable. "He became the boy who lived, for even those who did not know the whole truth of Voldemort's reasoning understood that there was something special about him. But I believe that, in his desperation to live and to cling onto any life source he could find, Voldemort found himself inadvertently, perhaps even unconsciously, looking to you.""Viricaptus," Calla murmured. Dumbledore flinched."I'm sorry?""That's what he said... The spell. I - and I think he used it a-again." She shook her head, feeling suddenly cold. "So he was looking to me for power?""Your magic," Dumbledore said, looking away from her now. "He latched onto it, leeching it from you to feed what little of his soul he had left." His eyes darted to Harry as though nervous about his reaction, but Harry only reacted the same way Calla did; numbly. "I believe this is why your magic is so insistent on defending you... You told me before, shields are your specialty. And many of your visions have been tied to Voldemort, haven't they? Your magic, though weakened, has been your greatest strength and protection. The mental barriers you have worked to put around yourself, I'm sure, have done much to save you.""Wait so..." Calla's mind was still playing catch up. Again she struggled to get her words out. "The Occlumency... You were teaching me because you knew about this? You knew he could use this against me; you knew that he would!"Dumbledore looked at her wearily. "Indeed, Miss Potter.""And you didn't tell me?" Her eyes stung. He'd known about this, and he'd let her go into danger."Some things are best left unknown, until the right time... When they need to be known.""I think I needed to know before he almost killed me!" She was shaking even more now; Matilda leapt off of her and onto Harry, who was staring at her."Calla, you must understand. Voldemort can use your magic against you-""I barely have any magic.""No," he said, "you do. But you must learn to control and wield it properly.""And you don't think you could have told me this?" she asked, cheeks blazing. She had found her voice suddenly, and it wasn't just scared but angry, too. "You could have explained properly! Before now!""And would it have made any difference to you last night? Knowing what Voldemort can do to you? I did not want to scare you.""I was scared last night," she said quietly. "I was terrified." She took in a deep breath, trying to stop herself from crying or screaming, because she told herself she had to be rational talking to Dumbledore. He was looking at her in pity and she didn't like it, didn't want his pity when he had let this happen. "I could have died. Because I was powerless and because... Because you didn't tell me the truth. You wanted to teach me Occlumency to defend myself against Voldemort but you - you didn't explain how, or why. You... You let me do this. You let Pettigrew get away last year. You wanted to see what happened!""Voldemort's rise was inevitable." Dumbledore's eyes had lost their warmth. Harry seemed to have lost his voice too now, and was staring between the two of them."So you admit it." Calla let out a hysterical laugh, eyes burning as she lost control of what she was saying. "If I'd have died it wouldn't have made any difference to you, would it? You said Harry was the key, Harry was the one who - who could defeat him, fight him.""Calla...""No, Harry." Her chest shuddered as she looked at Dumbledore. "I'm the one he can use and then kill and you... You would too. You'd have let me die. You almost did!"She was angry, yes, but she was tired too, and she found herself... Wanting to hurt Dumbledore. Wanting to upset him, because maybe that would get through to him, and there was a part of her that wanted to lash out at him. But she didn't expect to look into his eyes and see such a sadness there, and see them shining, as though with tears. Her stomach plummeted and she caught Harry's horrified gaze."I'm sorry, Professor," she said quietly. "I didn't mean to...""I would not let you die, Calla," Dumbledore said softly. "I am sorry for not telling you the truth earlier, but I did not know how you would react, nor if it would even help. And I did not want to hurt you.""He hurt me," she said simply, but the anger had left her suddenly. Now she just felt empty. "I'm sorry, Professor. I'm... Tired.""Understandable," said Dumbledore, "given the circumstances." He stood up and looked at her gently. "I will leave you now. But Miss Potter... Should you wish to continue Occlumency this term, my office will be open on Friday evening." He nodded gently to her as he departed, leaving Calla to shake on the bed, horrified and terrified. "Sleep well.""Calla," Harry started, but she just shook her head, taking Matilda back from him. "I think he should have told you.""Yeah." She stroked Matilda gently, holding her to her cheek. "He should have."The door opened again and everyone came back in noisily, chatting to each other and asking Calla what she'd spoken to Dumbledore about, what he'd said. She could only half-listen. She felt exhausted, and gave only half-hearted explanation before Madam Pomfrey hurried over and shooed them out, leaving Calla with only Harry and Remus.She wanted nothing more than to leave, but there was nowhere else she could go. The thought of going into the Ravenclaw Common Room, frankly, terrified her.So she said quietly, hoping she could prolong the moment when she'd have to explain everything to everyone else, "What happened... with Moody?"Harry sighed, and glanced at Remus. He didn't look like he felt much like talking, either. But he did, and Calla was immensely grateful. "When we... When we got back from the graveyard, we came back to the front of the maze. Everyone - it was terrible. And Amos Diggory was coming over and I had to tell someone, I had to make sure they knew where to go to find you and Dumbledore was talking to the Diggorys and Moody - well, not Moody, I thought it was Moody - took me away. But it wasn't Moody. It was..." He looked at her nervously. "It was Barty Crouch's son. The other Barty Crouch. He was the one who had broken into Snape's office that night, see, the map doesn't lie. And he...""He was lying," she said quietly, "when he said he couldn't see Crouch on the map. I knew... I knew he wasn't being honest about it. What did he do with him?""He killed him," Harry told her quietly. Calla was slightly disturbed to find that she wasn't surprised. "He Stunned Krum, too. And he cursed him in the maze, I didn't quite get to explain but he tried to torture Cedric - Krum did, under the Imperius Curse - and he tried to Stun Fleur but he said you got in the way in the maze." Calla felt only a little spark of triumph in her chest. It hadn't made a difference, not really, but she'd stopped at least part of his plan. "He was behind it all, Calla. Putting our names in the Goblet, trying to help us through the tasks...""Of course," she breathed. It all made sense. "And of course we wouldn't suspect, we knew Dumbledore wanted him to keep an eye on us, too." She shook her head, coming to her senses. "And Dumbledore didn't see through it." How? How, if he was the greatest sorcerer of all time, if he was so brilliant, if everyone was supposed to trust him, follow him, then why had he failed her? Why had he failed to protect them? Why had he let this happen? How could she trust him again, after this?"Right," Calla said hoarsely to Harry, "run this Crouch business by me again. How - Sirius said he died in Azkaban?""He didn't," Harry said, "his mother did. They swapped places, and his father kept him hidden for years and the house elf - Winky, remember - had to look after him. But Bertha Jorkins had seen him, and she was captured in Albania-""I knew it," Calla muttered bitterly. "I told them!"I know," Harry said bitterly. "Bertha told Voldemort, and he and Wormtail went there but before that, Winky had convinced Crouch to let his son go to the Quidditch World Cup. He stole my wand in the Top Box, hidden by an Invisibility Cloak, and he sent up the Dark Mark. Crouch saw him, he knew and he sent him home and sacked Winky and then Wormtail showed up and cursed him and from there...""So he's been masquerading as Moody all year?" Calla asked, appalled. "And Dumbledore didn't realise?""He was very clever about it," said Remus quietly. "Acted just as Moody would, kept him in a trunk all year. He's been taken to St. Mungo's.""Jesus," Calla said, staring. "I... Jesus. Where's he now? Crouch, the son, that is?""Well." Harry and Remus exchanged a glance and Calla knew immediately that she would not like the answer they gave her."They gave him the Dementor's Kiss.""Already?" she asked sharply. She couldn't say he didn't deserve it, but she hadn't expected it to be so soon... Another one without a trial. And he should have had a trial. He should have been made to admit to the horror he'd caused and face the consequences."Fudge brought the Dementor with him. He thought it was all nonsense, that Crouch was mad, just - just thought he was acting on Voldemort's orders. He doesn't believe he's back.""But he is," Calla said, head spinning. "How can't he-""No one but you and Harry yet know the full truth," Remus reminded her gently. "When we saw that house on fire, we came running - Harry said you were in the graveyard, and when we didn't see you at first it was terrifying - but the Death Eaters had scattered."Calla winced. "That was the plan. I didn't think... Well, obviously you'd need to have seen... But they were there!""And the evidence points to it. There just isn't enough for Fudge to do anything about it, apparently. He doesn't want to get people in a panic when they might not need to.""But - but he's out there! He's back! People need to know!""We're working on it," Remus told her softly. "People will know. It will just be harder if Fudge won't back up the truth. But the Aurors were there, too. There's no denying that something happened and the Death Eaters were involved... It's just a question of how far we are willing to go and how much people are willing to believe. I trust that the Aurors won't let this die, Calla." He swallowed and looked down. "We did capture Peter, though.""Oh," was all Calla could say. "Well, good. What have they done with him?""Already in Azkaban. He denies everything, of course. Sirius doesn't know what that means for him - he's gone home on Dumbledore's orders now, but he wanted to see you wake." Gently, he pushed the hair off her face. "All anyone else saw was Harry and Cedric Diggory.""But - but he didn't even hear what we - what we..." Her words died in her throat. "What does Fudge think happened?""He believes the Death Eaters acted of their own accord, as they did at the World Cup. That while they may be causing disruption again, their master is still dead." Disruption? The word echoed in Calla's head. Was that all this was to other people? Harry's trauma, Cedric's death, her abject terror? Just disruption. "He says he can deal with their threat... He doesn't want to admit to the threat he can't handle. He doesn't seem to think Harry's word is particularly reliable, and he accounted for your state as..." He trailed off and Calla raised her eyebrows. "Instability.""Instability?" She frowned, pushing hair behind her ear."I haven't seen the Prophet today," Harry said, "who knows what they're going to report.""After the past year, I would hope the world would be more alert to the threat... But you never know. Even Fudge... Well, Dumbledore says he's scared. He won't admit Voldemort's back because he's afraid of what that means.""So am I," Calla said quietly, "but that doesn't mean I... ignore it.""I know," Remus said. "But we're doing something, Calla." He lowered his voice. "Dumbledore's reforming the Order of the Phoenix. It's a group that fought Voldemort in the last war... We were all a part of it, Sirius and James and Lily and I." He swallowed deeply, looking pained. "And Peter.""I think you told us about it," Calla said, trying to recall something, "you mentioned there was a whole group of you, your friends, who fought him."Remus nodded. "Sirius has already gone, working on reforming. Bill's with him, he's in contact with Arthur Weasley, finding people in the Ministry. He's near to Fudge, so...""You're doing something," Calla said faintly, and fell back against her pillows. She felt tired again, and her chest was heavy. "Good.""Do you have to sleep again?"She nodded silently, and Remus got up, speaking quietly to Madam Pomfrey, who hurried over. "Now, dear," she said, fussing over Calla, "you can rest for now, I daresay you need it, but I'll have to wake you in a few hours for some medicine."Calla nodded, and squeezed her eyes shut. It seemed to burn. "Do you know what's wrong with my scar?"Pomfrey pursed her lips and Calla knew she didn't. "I will," she told her. "Here, have this." She held a purple potion to Calla's lips. "Dreamless sleep."Calla hadn't even thought of that, but now she felt a rush of gratitude for Madam Pomfrey as she took the potion. She felt tired immediately, but in a warm, pleasant sort of way, rather than feeling like she was on the brittle edge of falling apart. She smiled at Harry and Remus, and she was sure she said something but she wasn't sure what, when her eyes drooped closed and she fell into a sound, silent sleep.It was a little dimmer in the Hospital Wing when she woke up. Harry had gone, but Remus was still there and Padma and Daphne had both returned, along with Mrs Weasley, who was speaking concernedly to Madam Pomfrey. "There you are, Potter," Pomfrey said gently. "How are you feeling?""A bit better." Calla smiled weakly at her and her stomach gave a loud rumble. "Hungry.""I hoped as much." Pomfrey smiled, and Mrs Weasley seemed most pleased to hear that Calla had an appetite. Madam Pomfrey already had a tray of delicious-looking food as she hurried over to Calla. "Have this first, before your potions." There was a very large bit of chicken, roast potatoes and even Yorkshire puddings. "Just eat what you can, but if you're still hungry you can always have seconds. The rest of the students are at dinner. Well," she nodded to Daphne and Padma, "except for these two.""We weren't that hungry anyway," Daphne said, though Calla knew she probably was. "And Mrs Weasley has some really funny stories, so does Remus. Who knew our old teacher was such a rebel?"Remus smiled at her. "We've all been young once.""Yeah, but we haven't all charmed Professor Snape's hair ginger for a week!""You never told me you did that!" Calla looked at Remus, and found herself laughing."It wasn't quite our finest moment," Remus said, though he looked almost fond at the memory. "And he wasn't a professor in those days, Daphne. He was a student just like us.""Still cool, though." Daphne grinned."I thinks she's already thinking about a sequel," Padma whispered in Calla's ear, and she smiled wanly."I could take it a step further. Polyjuice in his morning tea; Izzy'd go for it.""That's just weird, Daphne," Padma argued, "and it would only last an hour anyway.""Of course, you'd know." Daphne raised her eyebrows and Padma laughed and Calla had some chicken and it was lovely and for a moment it felt normal again. She tucked into her dinner while Remus and Mrs Weasley chatted about their school days, and Daphne and Padma discusssed their exams. When she was finished eating, Madam Pomfrey gave her another potion which tasted horrid and quickly wiped the taste of her dinner from her mouth. "I know, I know," Pomfrey said. "But it's what's best for you, gets your strength back. Can you stand up for me?"Calla thought that was a silly question, but when she swung her legs over the edge of the bed and put them down, she found them already shaking. With a nervous glance at Remus, she heaved herself onto wobbly feet, grasping the bedside table. "Yup," she said, rather unconvincing."Can you walk?" She took a few tremulous steps. "That's alright. We'll give the potion a little while to kick in."Was this what Dumbledore had meant? That Voldemort had sapped her strength from her, was perhaps still doing so? She sat back down on the edge of the bed, feeling suddenly like she was about to cry. Her lip wobbled as she said, "I want to go back to sleep.""I'd rather you stay awake, at least for a short while," Pomfrey said worriedly. "Say, half an hour?" Calla looked up at her pleadingly. "Half an hour, Potter. If you're still tired, you can sleep again."Calla nodded numbly. Half an hour, she could do that. "If you'd like," Pomfrey added, "you could go back to your dormitory tonight and I can arrange to administer your potion after breakfast."She shook her head adamantly. "I'd rather..." A lump stuck in her throat. "Stay here. For now."Pomfrey nodded in understanding. "Very well. Miss Greengrass, Miss Patil, could I ask the two of you to fetch some of Miss Potter's things from her dormitory. Clothes, her own pajamas - perhaps you'd like a book to read?"Calla nodded. "I'm not sure which one.""We'll find something," Padma assured her with a quick hug. "Be back soon."The two hurried out, whispering to each other, and Calla tried not to regret not going. She didn't want to face everyone else just yet, but she'd have liked to stay with them; their presence was always comforting. "I really should get home," Mrs Weasley said anxiously, "Bill and Arthur will be waiting, and Percy..." She trailed off, looking at Calla."I'm fine, Mrs Weasley," she assured her. "Really. You should get back to your family. But thank you, for - for staying today.""Oh, sweetheart." Mrs Weasley hurried over to sweep Calla's hair out of the way and kiss her gently on the forehead, careful to avoid her scar. Calla could have cried at that alone. "We'll see you this summer, you're welcome anytime - all of you." She looked at Remus as she said this. "Look after yourself.""Course," Calla said weakly, smiling up at her. Mrs Weasley hovered fretfully for a moment before she left, and Calla slumped back tiredly.Padma and Daphne returned a few minutes later, not only carrying clothes and a book, but also a pile of sweets and chocolate. "Everyone gave us something," Daphne said proudly, dumping an array of goodies on Calla's bedside table. "Even Lisa and Michael.""Really?"She nodded. "Terry wanted us to bring this old Muggle book to you. He said he'd offered to lend it to you at some point but hadn't yet. And he gave us a lot of sugar quills."Calla squinted to see the cover. "Is it The Hobbit?""I think so," Daphne said, frowning at the cover. "What is a hobbit?"Calla just shook her head fondly as she took the book, its worn cover and pages. "Muggle Studies. Sort of.""Well, I'll have to ask Professor Burbage about it," Daphne said."You've got sugar quills and chocolate frogs and I think these are pumpkin pasties? And Honeydukes chocolate and some liquorice wands and Berty Botts' Beans.""Pass me a sugar quill," Calla said, and Padma obliged with a smile. They ate in silence for a while but Calla could tell Padma and Daphne were bursting to ask her questions, ones that she couldn't answer yet."Do you know when you'll get your results yet?" she asked, so that they couldn't ask her anything.They both exchanged a worried glance. Padma spoke. "Wednesday, Lisa reckons, but we're not sure. It doesn't really matter anyway.""It does," Calla said quickly. "They're important. We've got our O.W.L.s next year after all, haven't we?""Well, yeah," Padma said. "But... There are more important things.""What does everyone else think of the exams?" Calla asked quickly. "You barely said anything about History of Magic.""Terry thought it was easy," Daphne said, going along with it easily, though Padma gave her a look. "But that's Terry. The bit about the hunts was good, I know a lot of that. Lisa freaked out."Calla chuckled weakly. "I can imagine.""But I think we've all passed. I have, anyway, and Padma and Terry. Isobel's Isobel, she'll pass if she wants to." Calla smiled. "Turpin'll probably pass too. To be honest... yeah. We all have, I think."An awkward silence lingered in the air. Calla offered Remus, who had been watching this conversation with a quiet interest, a chocolate frog. The door opened a few silent moments later, and Harry popped his head around, followed by Hermione and Ron, who both looked anxious. "You're awake again." Harry hurried over. "Madam Pomfrey made me have dinner with the rest of the school. Do you feel better?""Do you?" Calla asked in reply, and Harry smiled grimly. "Yeah.""Harry told us what Dumbledore said," Hermione said. "About your scar, and You-Know-Who.""What did he say?" Daphne asked Calla sharply.She didn't have the energy to glare at Harry, but she didn't have the energy to answer Daphne, either. "I'll tell you later," she said wearily, and though she knew no one had been satisfied with that, she determinedly turned the tide of the conversation and kept it away from herself until Madam Pomfrey ushered everyone but Remus and Harry from the ward at eight o'clock to let Calla sleep."You two can stay here," she said, though Remus was getting to his feet."I ought to get to Sirius," he said. "Dumbledore... Has asked some things of us." He gave Calla a smile but she saw right through it. "I'll see you again soon."She nodded, and he hugged her tightly. She almost cried again, but she was too tired, so she just hugged him back for a minute before he let go. "Look after each other," he told her and Harry, fastening his cloak. He looked like he had more to say, but was afraid to say it. He squeezed Harry's shoulder tightly, said something quietly in his ear, and with a final, strained smile, left them alone in the ward for the first time."Do you want to talk about it?" Harry asked her quietly after a few moments of silence. Calla shook her head and he nodded, grasping her shoulder. She winced in pain. "Yeah. Me neither.""I'm so tired," she said weakly, feeling her eyes as her tears spilled over properly for the first time all day. "I can't... Harry, I'm scared.""Me too," he admitted in a small voice. "I think- I don't know. Everyone seems to think I shouldn't be, but I am. You - you terrified me last night, Calla. I thought-" His voice broke off but somehow Calla knew what he was going to say, and she reached over to his chair to hug him tightly, as fiercely as she could manage. "I thought you were dead.""But I'm not," she said, though all she could think was, but you might be, and the only image in her head was from her vision, Harry cold and pale on the ground. "I'm not, Harry, and you're not, and we..." She didn't know what. She didn't know what to say or what to do, except hug her brother tighter and hold him closer and hope they could stay there forever and forget the world that was set against them."I'm sorry I keep arguing with you," she mumbled into his shoulder."It's okay," Harry said. "I know I've ticked you off a bit.""Yeah, but I've gotten disproportionately ticked off," Calla told him. "I don't like fighting with you." She squeezed him tightly before withdrawing, on the edge of the bed. "We're alright?"Harry gave a small smile. "Course we're alright." And he looked relieved, just as Calla felt. She smiled."Good. I need to sleep."Harry chuckled. "Night, Calla."She sighed and smiled back at him, as much as she could. "Night, Harry." She paused, words hanging unsaid in the air between them. "I love you."She could see him smiling faintly through the darkness. "I love you too, Cal."

It felt like something was growing in her chest. Calla didn't know if that was an entirely accurate assessment, but it was one that Madam Pomfrey has yet to dismiss, and it certainly felt that way. At first she thought she'd merely injured a rib, or it was growing pains, but no. It felt like something.It was almost acidic, and somewhat corrosive, though she knew that if there was some corrosive curse on her, Pomfrey would have realised and she would have been dying far quicker. Whether or not she was correct, though, Calla knew her own body just as well as she knew her own mind, and she knew that there was something wrong. When she wasn't having terrified visions or dreams of Voldemort, or strange misty rooms, or houses that fell in on her, she was trying desperately to control her breathing, holding her wand tightly as if its simple presence would help her.Likely, it was dark magic, but Hogwarts' teaching of the subject had always been lacking, and impostor-Moody had yet to touch on anything that caused this sense of impending doom and utter detachment. She'd asked Madam Pomfrey for a mirror but it didn't make her feel any better; her reflection was rather worse for wear, her scar looked more like a brand, and she couldn't shake the strange sensation that she wasn't really looking at herself anymore. She didn't know what had changed. Maybe nothing had, and maybe it was all in her increasingly confused head.It had occurred to her on Sunday - a horribly bright day - that there were some things people were never going to teach her. No one had taught her how to face a Dark Lord and survive. No one had taught her how to scrape the last remnants of her sanity back together after watching someone die and being so convinced that she would be next. No one had taught her what Dark magic was, or how to truly survive it, but now it was eating her alive.The need to know burned even stronger inside her. So she made a small list of books, fields of enquiry, tucked it folded under her pillow, and pretended she slept well.XxShe left the Hospital Wing at dinner time on Monday, armed with a salve that was meant to soothe curse scars, and a weak assurance that they would find a more permanent means of soothing the pain. Her chest felt permanently tight, like someone was squeezing her very hard. She barely even noticed her surroundings. She just felt blank. Whispers seemed to follow her, not only from the students she passed but from inside her head. Eight shades of Tom Riddle to Voldemort, whispering over and over mine, mine, mine.The common room was blissfully quiet when she went inside, but everyone she did see stared at her as she passed. Head down, shoulders up, she hurried to her dormitory, praying it would be empty or that only Daphne or Padma might be in. Her prayers were not to be answered; all six of her dormmates turned as she entered, eyes widening, and she was suddenly drowned by them."Oh my God," Isobel kept saying, "you're alright? You are actually alright?""But what happened?" Mandy asked. "Dumbledore said - about Cedric - but he didn't tell us very much.""We thought you might've, you know... When you didn't come back with your brother-""God, Potter, you even had me worried!""I just can't believe it, it all sounds so horrible, Cedric can't have been killed-""I'm just glad you're alive - not that Cedric - but Jesus, Calla-""Right," Padma said decisively, shooing the others back to their own beds. In a softer voice, she asked Calla, "Have you eaten?" She shook her head. "We're going to head to dinner soon, but we'll help you reorganise your stuff first.""You don't have to," Calla told her quietly, holding her little bag of books and clothes protectively, as something tangible to cling onto, "I'm not that hungry anyway.""You should still eat," Daphne told her, but Calla just shook her head. "You have to eat, Calla.""I don't..." The words got stuck in her throat. "I don't... Everyone'll be...""She doesn't want to face everyone," Lisa said, surprisingly perceptive. She didn't look at Calla, but she did give Padma a look. "I think it's fair enough.""You'll have to do it at some point," Padma told her gently, which didn't much help."Not yet," Calla said. Padma and Daphne exchanged a nervous glance and she shifted uncomfortably. Brianna the dragon flew around her head, flapping her wings gently, but she was getting slow. Calla stroked her hard back gently. "Breakfast, I'll try.""Calla...""Please."All of the girls were looking at her rather nervously now, even Isobel and Lisa. Like they didn't know what to do with her. "Breakfast, then," said Padma finally. "We'll bring you up some leftovers when we're done, if you're sure you don't want to come.""I'm sure."But when they left, she wasn't so sure. Being alone in the dorm felt strange, and she was itching for anyone to be near her, not to ask her questions or look at her like they were worried she'd fall apart, but to just be there with her and be normal. She put Terry's copy of The Hobbit down on her bedside table and shuffled her own books around to be organised by author, then by genre, then size and then title, and then her copy of Little Women flopped onto the floor and she sank down with it and started crying even though she didn't know why. The others found her like that, and she wasn't sure how or when but at some point they'd managed to get her to stop crying and get ready for bed but everything was just a horrible, colourless blur. Even as she tried to drop off, she could hear their breathing around her, uncomfortable and stifling and grating on her nerves. Even Matilda's gentle purring felt wrong. She couldn't sleep, but was merely suffocated by the darkness.At some point, when it was for once completely dark outside, she took her copy of Little Women, a completely normal, completely mundane book and went to sit in the common room, curled up in one of the cozy armchairs until she could doze off to a fitful sleep that was haunted by spectres of her parents, of fire and of snakes winding around her.The last week of classes felt like they dragged on forever, yet Calla had no idea what had happened in that time. It was as if the whole week had been lost to her distracted, yet empty, mind. Professor Babbling held her back at the end of Ancient Runes on Thursday, Calla's last class of the day. They hadn't done anything that day, nor any other day since the Third Task."I wanted to see how you are," she said gently. "Doubtless you've been asked this same thing by any number of your other classmates and teachers, but I've seen a marked difference in you this term in general, and after what happened after the Third Task..." She didn't know what to say. Professor Babbling sighed. "You're a bright witch, Calla. I do mean it. If there is anything you need, if it's even just somewhere to sit in the quiet, my door is always open, alright? Your work this term has been great, considering everything you've been going through."Calla nodded. There was a lump in her throat that rarely seemed to have gone away the past few days, and her eyes stung a bit. "I saw the enchanted grate things you put in the maze," she said quietly, and Babbling's eyes lit up."Oh, you did! I hoped somebody would! Did they help you?"She nodded. "I only used one, the water one. It blasted a whole load of Acromantulae out of my way."Professor Babbling smiled faintly. "I told Dumbledore they'd come in handy for someone!" Calla smiled back, not knowing much else to say. She shouldered her bag, fiddling with the strap. "Is there anything else you want to talk about?"There were a million things, but Calla didn't think she was capable of talking to anyone about them. She shook her head. "No, I... I'll just get back to my common room. I think Padma's waiting outside."Professor Babbling smiled again. "Good. Again, Calla, anything you need, when we return from break, and if you have any questions about the coursework I've set for over the Summer. And if... If you are struggling, I won't hold it against you if-""I'll get it done," Calla said, shorter than she'd intended. But Professor Babbling didn't seem to mind. "I think it'll be good for me to have something to take my mind off of everything.""Alright," Babbling said, shifting some of the papers that littered her desk. "Well then. I'll see you in September, Calla.""Thanks," she said awkwardly, hoisting her bag. "En-enjoy your Summer, Professor."On Friday night Calla went to Dumbledore's office after dinner. The girls had been pressing her all week to talk and she didn't want to, but there was one person to whom she could ask questions rather than only have to answer them.He was standing when she arrived, apparently in deep conversation with one of the Headmasters' portraits on the wall. He nodded to Calla as she entered, and she meekly took a seat at his desk, waving to Fawkes the phoenix. "Thank you, Phineas," Dumbledore was saying to the portrait, "carry the message on, will you?"The Headmaster he was speaking to sniffed and said, "Is this the Potter girl, then?"Calla jumped, a little surprised at having been acknowledged by a portrait. She looked to Dumbledore, who smiled serenely. "Um, yes, sir," she said to the portrait. "Calla Potter."Phineas made a loud huffing sound. "Well. We'll see about this, Dumbledore." And then he swept imperiously from his frame, leaving Calla to stare at the empty portrait."Don't worry about Phineas," Dumbledore told her. "He is helpful when he wants to be."Calla nodded, looking down at the desk. "I have a few questions," she said in a nervous rush."I thought as much.""I sort of... I made a little bit of a list."Dumbledore's eyes twinkled, and his mouth twitched up at the edges. "Indeed?""Yes." Calla cleared her throat. "I know you don't want to tell me everything and that you haven't wanted to. But I - I think... I'm almost fifteen now, and Voldemort will use anything he can to get what he wants. And I think with everything that's happening, it's time I knew what you know." Dumbledore raised his eyebrows but said nothing. "So. You've said that there's this - this connection between Voldemort and me, but I want to know how and I want to know why and I want to know how it works, as much as you know."He considered her for a long moment, and then said wearily, "Very well. But I must warn you, Calla, there is less that I know and more that I have supposed.""Well, I want to know what you suppose, then," she said. "It's... It's my life, Professor. So I think I deserve to know.""I am not disagreeing with you," Dumbledore said gently. He took a deep breath. "I have told you already that the connection between yourself and Lord Voldemort was formed the night of your parents' murder in Godric's Hollow. When his attempt to kill your brother failed, Voldemort transferred some of himself to him - quite unintentionally, I am sure. With you, the opposite happened. Voldemort sought to kill Harry first, but he had made a bargain to spare your mother - yet he did not want her in the way. I believe he intended to cast the spell you told me about - viricaptus - on her, and had undertaken the ritual necessary to prepare his body for binding, but when your mother insisted on saving Harry, he killed her and turned his wand to you and your brother instead."When his body was destroyed that evening, a part of his soul remained and in its - his - determination for survival, he completed the ritual. He could, if he wanted, perform it as many times on the same person, and whenever he was near, or a part of him was, he could take from them their strength and magic.""Like he did in the forest," she said slowly, "and in the graveyard. And... That's what happened with the diary, too.""Precisely," Dumbledore said, with a troubled kind of triumph in his eyes."So I'm just... Weak, then? That's it? I can't really fight him, because he'll always have the upper hand!""Not quite," Dumbledore told her. "I would give you every advantage I possibly could. Occlumency is one that as already served you. But your magic, Calla, remains yours. It may have been stolen, but it responds to you, if only you know how to call it. I believe you managed to resist the Imperius Curse?" She nodded numbly. "Your mind, like your magic and like your soul, belongs to you and you alone, if only you understand how to wield it. As for weakness, I do not think so. You have other strengths that Voldemort did not count on, and that he is, I'm sure, furious at not being able to utilise."You see, while Harry is able to, for example, speak to snakes and can see partially into Voldemort's mind, at some moments, Voldemort, in his perhaps unconscious attempt to weaken you, brought to the fore some of your own more hidden magical talents.""The Sight, you mean."He nodded. "By this method of draining your energy, Voldemort invoked a reaction in your magic. While when you are near him, or a part of him - such as when you were around Professor Quirrel or Tom Riddle's diary - your physical magical strength is depleted, but your mental capabilities extend themselves. I believe your Sight first revealed itself when you came into close contact with Voldemort in the forest, when he was at perhaps his most desperate, feeding on unicorn blood?" It was Calla's turn to nod. She scribbled some of what he had said down on parchment and could have sworn Dumbledore smiled."That makes some sense," she said, "but if I'd been around Quirrel all year, how come my Sight only revealed itself then?""I cannot know for certain. My guess is that Voldemort was, in that moment, determined to draw strength from anything he could. A unicorn's blood... Or, yourself.""And then the diary," she said, "because I'd had visions surrounding the Basilisk and everything... He can't have intended for that, could he?""I don't believe he necessarily intended it, no," Dumbledore said, "nor can he control it - only use it to his advantage. He may be able to gain entry to your thoughts, as a skilled Legilimens, but your mind, Calla, remains yours and yours alone. And you can fight it.""Well," she said bracingly, "that's good to know." She frowned. "So, you said he - he put a bit of himself in Harry? Is Harry drawing magic from him, then, in some weird way? Or did he just pick up his, you know... Things he can do? Because Voldemort said he needed me, for my Sight, and he couldn't take that power, but he was still able to be inside my mind. But - well, I suppose Harry's never exactly tried to use Legilimency on me or on Voldemort, but he - Voldemort's stronger than ever. But he still couldn't kill him." Her frown deepened; even she wasn't entirely sure where she was going with this. "But the connection with Harry and Voldemort, it - it isn't the same thing, just in reverse?"Dumbledore nodded. "You are correct. It is not the same thing.""Do you know what it is?""I have my suspicions," Dumbledore said slowly, "but none that I can reveal at this moment."She'd thought as much, so Calla moved on quickly. "So if there's a bit of Voldemort in Harry... Like there was a bit of him in the diary... Does that function the same way in terms of drawing on my magic?"Dumbledore seemed to be considering her very carefully, as though wondering how best to respond. She could tell there were still many things he wasn't going to tell her, and from the brief worry in his eyes, she was getting closer to something he didn't want to reveal. For a moment she thought she'd take a step back and ask something else, but she waited, her silence pressing him. "I do not think so," he said at last. "Your brother may have certain aspects of Voldemort, but he is not him, and his subconscience would not act as such." Calla nodded, satisfied and a little relieved."Okay. So, I have my visions, which is... You know. But you mentioned shield magic, too, that it was my magic's natural defenses? How does that work? Is my magic sort of like a separate... I don't know, force?""Many wizards have contemplated the theory of magic as being an essence quite separate from its wielder, though no one has yet proven it, nor, I believe, will they ever. There is in fact an argument that different wandwoods hold their own magic and hence respond to a wizard's magic, rather than that wizard themself.""Do you agree?""I am, as of yet, undecided on my stance. Ollivander, I know, believes that wands respond to a wizard's soul rather than his magic. There have, also, been tales throughout history of wands switching allegiances after being won from their owners, recognising the magic of another and working with it, but many of these legends, I'm afraid, have yet to be confirmed. If you would like to read further," he added, "Wandlore and Magic by Aurelia Lauris is a good starting point, if a little lengthy." Calla couldn't help but smile, and made a note of the title and author. "We have a copy in the library here, if you ask Madam Pince nicely."Calla was about to ask more, but she didn't want to get sidetracked and let Dumbledore avoid her questions. She had a slight feeling that he was trying to do exactly that. "How does the whole shield thing work, then?"Dumbledore smiled. "In truth, I cannot know for definite. I think that, in Lord Voldemort's tendency to favour flash and force, he typically overlooks the need for defensive magic. Of course, the Killing Curse is itself, a rather useful defense." Calla felt a chill as he said this, and Dumbledore seemed to notice, as he went on, "It is possible that your magic recognises the threat Lord Voldemort poses, and thus determines itself to act as a strong shield. You did tell me that Lord Voldemort's attempt to place the Imperius Curse upon you was less successful when, based on previous experience, you had not expected it to be. Or," he said, "perhaps, you simply have a natural aptitude for defensive magic quite separate from your connection with Lord Voldemort. You would not be the only one.""Okay." That hadn't helped an awful lot, really, but she liked the feeling of being at least somewhat on the same page as Dumbledore. There was one last thing she had to ask, though, something she hadn't dared to voice in the Hospital Wing with Harry nearby. "Professor, when I was in the graveyard after Voldemort touched my scar and I, you know, passed out... I had a vision. Well, a few, actually."Dumbledore didn't looked surprised at all, not that Calla had truly expected him to. "Go on.""It was weird. I was, like... I was just in this weird, white space. In my head, I guess, but also not?" She looked at him. "It was weird. And then I moved and I was in Privet Drive and nothing really happened, I was just sort of there? But I - I could hear his voice. Voldemort's," she added for clarification, and Dumbledore nodded. "There was a lot going on after that, everything just kind of flew past me? I couldn't really control it at all, and I couldn't really grasp onto any of it. But I - I saw Harry." Her voice was shaking, and so were her hands, she realised. She was talking an awful lot more than she had intended to, as well, but now she'd started she felt she had to tell someone. Calla gripped the edge of the desk tightly. "He looked like he was - he..." She forced the word out and it was heavy on her tongue. "Dead."Dumbledore's eyes softened and he reached over the desk to take her hand gently. "Your brother is not dead, Calla.""He - that doesn't mean... Voldemort was there too. It was like he came out of him." For a second she thought she saw something glint in Dumbledore's eyes, almost triumphantly, and she withdrew her hand sharply. "What does that mean to you?""I am not sure." She looked at him, frowning. There was something there, she knew it. "It could mean any number of things, Calla.""Yeah." She pursed her lips. "But - but what do you think it means? Professor?""Perhaps it was what Voldemort desired at the time. You said this occurred in the graveyard - your brother did have the Killing Curse sent at him.""Yeah, but..." She struggled for her words. "I don't know. I don't think that's it.""Was that all?"She swallowed and shook her head. "There was this room. I was in it, I think with other people, but then I wasn't with them. It kept changing. But there were all these shelves, loads of them, and they had this weird blue smoke? It was... eerie," she said, considering the word carefully. "But not in a bad way. It was..." She didn't want to say the word comforting. Something about that part of her vision had indeed called to her, and she hadn't wanted to leave. "And then I was running and I don't know why, and I ran out and then... It stopped. I think that was when they left. But then with Voldemort... I'm not entirely sure whose mind I was in to be honest. But there was this cave, and he seemed really angry that I was there, and then I saw... Him, but not. I mean, I think it was most likely just some function of his Occlumency, but I saw these sort of, eight figures? They were all Voldemort, but not? All of them were different ages. I don't think he wanted me to see them."He considered her for a moment, blue eyes twinkling with assured curiosity. "No. No, I don't suppose he would.""Do you know what it means?"Dumbledore merely smiled, but there was a glint in his eyes like he'd just proven something. "I expect you shall learn in time.""So, yes. You just don't want to tell me." Frustration flared in her chest. "Why not? It could be important! And I'm the one who saw it.""Indeed you are," Dumbledore said. "But I am going to have to ask you to trust me, Calla.""Trust you." It came out with more of a scoff than she had intended it to. "How am I possibly meant to trust you?" He was a liar, she told herself, bitterness curling between her ribs. He was a liar and even now, even after what she'd just been through, he wasn't telling her what she was sure she needed to know. "If I can see more of this, then I need to understand what it means. Professor.""You will understand in time," Dumbledore said. "But I am afraid that, for now, I must keep my silence, until I am absolutely certain. This information, may be of the utmost importance. I cannot risk whispers of what you have seen getting out.""What?" She stared at him. "So you're the only one who is allowed to know?""For now, I think it wise.""Wise." She shook her head, eyes stinging. "Sure." He was just going to use her information for whatever he thought was right, and perhaps she did trust that he knew what he was doing - but it was what that meant that scared her. How did she know this wasn't some other secret Voldemort could use against her? How did she know Dumbledore wouldn't let him?"Now," he said, changing to a pleasant tone and smile, "I have a rather plentiful supply of hot cocoa.""You think you can distract me from this with hot cocoa," she said flatly, folding her arms."Well, I would hope so. It is quite scrumptious.""I want to know what's going on, Professor," she said, with an ounce of pleading in her voice. "I have to know.""Calla," he said. "Trust me.""I don't," she told him, and surprise flickered in his eyes. She'd surprised herself too, by speaking so freely. "Not when you won't trust me."For that, he seemed to have no reply. That only angered Calla further. He couldn't even think of what to say, refused to even try to mend this, to attempt to help her by telling her the truth. "Do you at least know what happened to my scar?" she asked tiredly."It is a remnant," he told her, "of the curse Voldemort placed upon you as a child. Viricaptus, as you told me." She nodded grudgingly, not meeting his eyes. "It seems that your sudden proximity to him has aggravated it, causing the curse to flare up. Without ending the curse, you cannot end the pain in your scar. But it ought to die down, for a time.""Until he tries to kill me again, you mean."He looked down. "You mustn't live in fear. Scars can often come in useful, after all.""Maybe, if they aren't cursed."He winced. "It is late. I must discuss with you the matter of your accommodations for the Summer."At this, she perked up. "Yes?""Sirius is graciously allowing me to house the Order of the Phoenix's Headquarters in his family home. As such, we will take some time to settle in and make the place suitable for residence. There are rather a few dark artefacts lurking there.""Right," she said, not liking where this was going. "But we'll still get to stay with them?""I will be frank with you," Dumbledore said, and her heart sank, "I have my reasons for insisting you and your brother remain with your aunt and uncle for a portion of the holidays each year.""So you're sending us back?" She hadn't expected the tears that welled up at that pronouncement. "Even after this!""It is for your protection.""Protection! The Dursleys have never done anything to protect us!""They have done a great deal more than you know," he said. "When your mother sacrificed herself for you and your brother, she placed a powerful form of old magic upon you. It protects you from Voldemort, keeping her memory. Her protection lies in the blood you share with your aunt and brother. The area around Privet Drive is protected. And I feel," he added, "that you may benefit from the relief on your magic. Take some time to recover."She blinked. "But if the protection is in our blood - Harry and I share that? Surely we can protect one another."His smile wavered. "When I first had you brought to Privet Drive, I did not know for certain the nature of Lily's protections. I had to ensure that it was safe, and myself strengthened the enchantments. While it is true that you two can protect yourselves, it has not always been the case.""If you're talking about Harry-""I merely meant that the Muggle world may offer you a reprieve that more time in ours cannot. But I do promise that you will be reunited with your respective godfathers soon enough. Calla, you are still vulnerable.""Thanks," she said quietly, looking away from him. She didn't like that reminder."I mean no insult. And as for your brother... I think he may also benefit from some time away from the situation."She stared at him. "That's the last thing Harry would ever want." Her brother had always insisted on being a part of the action, and was never content to sit on the sidelines. Especially with something like that. It seemed Dumbledore just wanted them out of the way, and it stung. Perhaps she was just paranoid and desperate to find fault, but she couldn't help the bitterness she felt toward him. "You're not going to budge on this are you? You never have! You've never let us be with Remus even when that's where we're happiest! It doesn't matter if we're actually happy, or if we actually feel safe. Because you think you know what's best.""In this respect, Calla," he told her in a low voice that told her this was the last he would speak of it, "I do." The twinkle in his eyes was gone and she felt herself deflate, a lump in her throat. "Will that be all?"No, she wanted to spit, along with a thousand other furious indecencies. But she restrained herself to silence. It wasn't like he was going to listen anyway. "Yes, Professor."He smiled but the spark didn't return to his eyes. "Now I suppose, as I will not be seeing you for a while, hot cocoa may be in order."It was far from what she needed, but Calla contented herself with playing whatever game Dumbledore wanted for the time being. But silently she resolved that if he would not tell her the truth, then she would find a way to discover it herself. There was much that Dumbledore had hidden from her - and most people - over the years. But she had to know. Know something. And some part of her just wanted to make that act of defiance against him, because she wasn't sure if there was any other defiance she could manage.It did feel rather odd to be drinking hot cocoa with the Headmaster while he talked to her - and partially to himself - about dragon blood and wandlore. His own wand, Calla discovered, was made of elder, like hers was, and Dumbledore seemed rather interested in that fact. "Ollivander said it was meant to be powerful," she said, sipping the last of her drink as the clock on Dumbledore's wall neared nine o'clock, "but I'm not sure it ever worked for me too well. I guess powerful wands only work with powerful magic? But then I don't know why it would choose me." She shrugged. "Maybe Ollivander's closer to the truth than the others are, that they don't choose you based on magic alone.""Perhaps," Dumbledore said, eyes twinkling. "But the intricacies of wandlore are for another day. Now, Calla, it is getting near to curfew for fourth years. I suggest you return to your dormitory to think on it."She smiled testily and stood up, nerves prickling over her. "Right," she said flatly. "Goodnight, Professor.""Goodnight, Calla. I shall see you in September."She shivered as she left, unsure if she even wanted that anymore.XxThe final night of term, that Saturday, meant the Leaving Feast. Most years Calla had enjoyed it, winning the House Cup in first year, and stuffing herself with great food the rest of the time. But this time it meant having to face everyone she didn't want to talk to, all in the same hall at once. She had a feeling Dumbledore would mention Cedric in his traditional end of feast speech, and when he did that, she knew people would be looking at her.But she also knew that she couldn't avoid this feast. So she finished packing her trunk in the dormitory with the other girls, hurried between there and the boys' dorm to pick up and return various books and random bits of notes. They all headed to the Great Hall together, and Calla was grateful for the way they seemed to form around her like a guard. The Ravenclaw table was only half full when they arrived and the Beauxbatons students hadn't entered yet, so they found seats easily, Calla between Daphne and Padma and across from Isobel, Terry and Anthony, the others dotted around them. Where most years the walls had had tapestries of the house colours draped from them, this year all the hangings were black. For Cedric. Calla tensed, eyes stinging. People whispered around her, as if she wouldn't hear them. "Ignore it," Daphne murmured. "Just ignore it.""You're not the one being whispered about by everyone," she hissed back, feeling the eyes of the hall on her."Calla?" Fleur's voice said behind her. She froze, tensing, and swallowed nervously as she turned around. Fleur didn't look well. "I have not seen you."She nodded numbly. "I know. I've been... You know."Fleur put a very gentle hand on Calla's shoulder. "It is terrible, what happened. Cedric... He was a wonderful friend.""I know.""But I am glad you are okay. I was scared." She smiled gently, though it wobbled at the edges. "You will write to me, yes? I would like to hear from you."Calla nodded. "I - I will."Fleur smiled, and swooped down to give Calla a brief but tight hug, that was frankly, very unexpected. "Good." One of her Beauxbatons friends called something and she shouted back swiftly in French, before turning back to Calla. "I will speak to you soon." She nodded, and then looked shakily along the hall, her eyes falling on the Hufflepuff Table. Hardly anyone was speaking there, all subdued and quiet. Calla saw Hannah and Susan and knew both of them had been crying. "Be careful."Then she was gone and Calla sighed, eyes returning to the table before her. She kept looking around, not at anyone in particular, but searching for Harry. He came in nearly late, Ron and Hermione either side of him, and Calla caught his eye tiredly. They hadn't spoken since she'd had her talk with Dumbledore, and though she had no intention of telling anyone else the details of that conversation, she felt she ought to tell Harry, at some point, when she was ready. But for now they just exchanged heavy nods, as Harry sat down and disappeared amongst the mass of Gryffindor students.The Hall was quieter than usual, too, Calla noticed. It was far from a surprise. And when Dumbledore stood up at the Staff Table, it went absolutely silent. She could hear herself breathing."The end," he began, "of another year." His eyes lingered on the Hufflepuff Table. "There is much that I would like to say to you all. But I must first acknowledge the loss of a very fine person-" he gestured to the Hufflepuff Table, where Hannah was now visibly teary, and Ernie was paler than he'd ever been "-who should be sitting here, enjoying our feast with us. I would like you all to stand, please, and raise your glasses to Cedric Diggory."Eyes stinging, Calla got to her feet, hands shaking around her goblet. Everyone in the hall did the same, the benches scraping as all their many hundreds of voices rumbled together. "To Cedric Diggory." She found her tears spilling over again as she spoke and choked off at the end of Cedric's name, wiping her eyes fiercely as she sat back down. Padma rubbed her shoulder gently."Cedric was a person who exemplified many of the qualities of Hufflepuff house," Dumbledore said. "He was a good and loyal friend, a hard worker, he valued fair play. His death has affected you all, whether you knew him well or not. I think that you have the right, therefore, to know how his death came about."Calla felt her stomach plummet. People from along the Ravenclaw Table turned towards her for a second, eyes wide, before they turned back, everyone's eyes on Dumbledore. If Calla was truly honest, she was scared that hearing the words spoken aloud might just make them real. "Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort."This was enough to cause a wave of whispers to break out amongst the students in the Great Hall, some panicked, some knowing, as if they'd expected this. Calla gripped the table tightly, and her yearmates looked at her, all seeming to watch for her reaction as Dumbledore confirmed the answer to the question they had all been dancing around all week. Calla swallowed down the threat of tears and forced herself to look at Dumbledore. "The Ministry of Magic," he continued, voice perfectly calm, "would rather I didn't tell you this information. It is possible that some of your parents will be horrified that I have done so - either because they will not believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, or that they are determined to follow the Ministry's lead, or because they believe that I should not tell you so, young as you are. It is my belief, however, that the truth is preferable to lies, and not only would dishonesty be an insult to Cedric's memory, but the avoidance of the truth - terrifying thought it is - would put you all in far graver danger."Though she could feel tight nerves in her throat and stomach, and her vision was blurred by tears, Calla nodded determinedly, as though in solidarity. Someone reached across the table to grab her hand, and Daphne took her other, squeezing it tightly. Behind her at the Slytherin Table, she could hear someone muttering, and this stung her even more, anger curling in her stomach. Daphne tightened her grip fiercely."There are two others who must be mentioned in connection with Cedric's death," Dumbledore said, and Calla blinked fiercely as tears ran down her cheeks, determined to keep her head up as she looked at him. She knew what was coming. "I am talking, of course, about Harry and Calla Potter." Daphne was now holding Calla's hand so tightly she thought her fingers might break off, and Padma had her arm warm around her shoulders."Harry and Calla Potter managed to escape Lord Voldemort," Dumbledore said. "Harry risked his life to return Cedric's body to his parents, and to alert us immediately of the events that occurred so the Ministry's Aurors could save his sister and confront the Death Eaters." Calla remembered Cedric's pale face, the light of his eyes dying in a wash of green. "Both Harry and Calla resisted Voldemort. They showed in every respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever shown in facing Lord Voldemort, and for that, I commend them both." But Calla didn't feel particularly brave. She felt sick at the memories of Voldemort in the graveyard, worming his way into her mind, and at the thought of her brother fighting on his own, trying to haul her and Cedric back to that Portkey, under fire and terrified. She remembered fire, and a wave of helplessness swept over her. Her scar burned and she felt herself away, leaning heavily against Padma.Dumbledore looked between Harry and Calla and raised his goblet once again. Calla didn't know what to do as the hall rose again to its feet, murmuring her and her brother's names. It felt wrong, somehow, to hear it ripple out as Cedric's had done, under Dumbledore's eye. She didn't want to be a martyr as Dumbledore was making him, and she knew she wasn't the hero that Harry was. Though she couldn't quite see her brother through the crowd, she had a feeling he felt as she did. That he did not want to be praised as he was right now, when they had just discussed Cedric's death. That while Calla would fight Voldemort with anything she had, she didn't want this to be a call to arms. This was supposed to be for Cedric, not for Dumbledore to make his speech - and yet she knew why he did, knew that the emotions of everyone in this hall would lead some of them to fight, in Cedric's honour. She still wanted to cry.Some of the Slytherins stayed seated, she noted, glancing over. Malfoy and Crabbe and Goyle, but Theodore - though he looked rather nervous about it - and Zabini had gotten to their feet, and Astoria stood almost defiantly, and even Parkinson was in a sort of half rise, her eyes not on Calla but on Daphne, whose knuckles were white as she clutched her own goblet. And she could see, too, Krum standing, though he was very pale and almost nervous, and she could tell Fleur's hands were shaking around her goblet."The Triwizard Tournament's aim," Dumbledore continued, "was to further and promote magical understanding. In the light of what has happened - Lord Voldemort's return - such ties are more important than ever before."Every guest in this hall, will be welcome here at any time, if they so wish to return. I say to you all once again, in the light of Lord Voldemort's return, that we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided."Lord Voldemort's gift for spreading discord and emnity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally great bond of friendship and trust. Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open."It is my belief - and never have I so hoped that I am mistaken - that we are all facing dark and difficult times. Some of you, in this Hall, have already suffered directly at the hand of Lord Voldemort. Many of your families have been torn asunder." Calla felt her eyes well again. "A week ago, a student was taken from our midst."Remember Cedric. Remember, if the time shall come when you must decide between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort."XxCalla barely knew what had happened the rest of the Feast, except that when she returned to Ravenclaw Tower her yearmates all went to the boys' dormitory together and she joined them, all ten strewn across three beds and a puddle of unpacked clothes on the floor which none of the girls would touch. "We know you don't want to talk about what happened," Daphne started, tilting her head, "but we want to know. He is back, isn't he?" Calla nodded. "He's why Cedric..." She swallowed. "Well. This is it, then.""What?""A lot of people never really thought he was gone," Lisa told her quietly. "Some people thought that his Death Eaters were on the rise... Now we know he is back. My," she looked around, nervous in a way Calla had never seen her before, "my father died because of his Death Eaters, you know. He was a squib. My mother didn't want them to hurt us, too. That's why I was brought up in the Muggle world.""I..." Calla stared at her. "I didn't know.""It's not the kind of thing that makes great conversation," Lisa said, keeping her eyes as far from Calla's as she could. "But see, my mum always said, my dad would have fought him with everything he had, even without magic. And he did." She folded her arms. "I don't know about the rest of you, but I'd like to do the same."Calla blinked. She hadn't expected Lisa of all people to react like this."Well," said Isobel, with a hard look in her eye, "I've not exactly got a choice, have I? You've told us what's happened, we know the truth. I still don't know a whole lot about the Wizarding World, not really, but I know a lot of people don't want me here." She shrugged. "I want to be here.""So do I," Terry said, voice very quiet."And the point is," Padma said gently, "that we're all with you.""You can't be," Calla whispered. "This isn't... This isn't some game. It's not another adventure. He meant to kill my brother. He - he tortured me, and I wouldn't have been surprised if he'd killed me, once he'd gotten what he wanted. He'll kill you, too.""He'd kill us anyway," Isobel said. "Me and Terry.""I can't ask you to - I don't even know what that would mean. I'm... This is on me.""You think this is just about you?" Terry asked coolly and she blinked."No, but I - none of you have to-""This is about everyone. All Muggleborns are in danger if he's back, and not even just us.""But this... All of this stuff with him, my - my visions... That's all on me. I don't want you guys to put yourselves in harm's way. That's something I have to handle." Even if she didn't know how."No it's not," Mandy said. "Don't be silly. It shouldn't have been on you in the first place but...""You're our friend," Sue said, and the others nodded. Padma squeezed Calla's hand."Yeah," said Anthony. "None of us know what's going to happen. But I figure... Dumbledore's right. This is right.""Besides," Terry said, his gaze still holding hers, "if it's coming anyway, we should be prepared for it as soon as we can. It's just logical. We can't get away from it. So we might as well face it together.""They're right," Michael told her, speaking up for the first time. "There's no point avoiding the issue.""I don't want to have this conversation right now," Calla said quietly. She felt horribly empty and tired. "I don't think I can."The others all looked at her, frowning. "We know it's hard.""You don't understand." She shook her head, getting shakily to her feet. "I - I can't talk about this right now. Cedric's been d-d-dead for a - a week! And everyone wants to make this... About fighting and... I can't yet.""You heard Dumbledore," Isobel said, a rather fierce look in her eyes. "We have to choose. Between what's right and what's easy."She nodded, feeling unbearably heavy and stiflingly hot. "I - I know. I know. But I... I need time." Their faces blurred as more tears burned in her eyes. "Then I can fight but I - I can't. I don't even know how. And I don't want any of you to get hurt.""And what if we do anyway?" Terry shot back. "What happened to Cedric was..." Grief contorted his features for a moment. "Awful. It could have been anyone. He won't be the last. But it... It could have been you, too. And we're all so glad it wasn't."That's why we're with you," he told her, as Padma and Daphne both grasped either of her hands. "More than that, we're with each other. Aren't we?""We're your friends," Padma said, "and we... We'll fight with you. And if you can't, we'll be here while you do that, too. But we'll all fight together." She squeezed her hand and slowly, Calla sank shakily back onto the bed, lowered her head and cried into her friend's shoulder as the others surged around them, each of them holding part of her and each other."Thank you," she whispered, voice cracking a little. "All of you."But the terrifying truth remained. Because Cedric Diggory was dead. And it could have been her, and she reminded herself in bouts of self-loathing that maybe it should have been her, that surely she didn't stand a chance when such a wonderful, brave, talented person had been so mercilessly killed.Laying in bed that night, trying to put off the inevitable return of her nightmares, she wondered if maybe she'd never been supposed to live to fight. If maybe her destiny, whatever it was, had been to die and she'd just inadvertently screwed it up and wound up here, crying because she was alive and he wasn't and because she knew even without the Sight that he would not be the last to die, and this would not be the last time she cried over a lost friend and her failure to save him.Author's Note: And that (almost!) wraps up fourth year! Next chapter we'll get to the Summer holidays, and I have a lot in store for Calla. Let me know of any thoughts or predictions you have and anything you'd like to see. This next year is going to be a serious learning curve for Calla and I'm excited for the new twists to canon. As I think I've said, this is where Calla really starts to go off on her own and begin to forge her own path, and I'm super excited to write her changing character and relationships. Currently I've got about drafts of almost a dozen more chapters written, taking us to the start of September in the timeline, and updates will probably be around once a week for the foreseeable future. I hope you all enjoy, and I shall be back next week with an update!

Sleep brought her a vision of a dark shadow in a park, the leaves ruffled by breeze. Orange streetlamps barely did anything to warm the place, instead casting an eerie glow over once-green grass. The shadow turned with red eyes and a cold smile curled his lips as his gaze lit. He was caught halfway between Tom Riddle and Voldemort, face starting to wrinkle and pale, but still with a head of hair and a nose. He reached out in front of him, gaze searching. Triumph flashed across his eyes. "Close," he whispered. The snake curled around his ankles and then he disappeared, giving way to blinding lights and spellfire. It seared the inside of Calla's mind and she lurched upwards, staring at the brightly burning stars.XxThe next morning, Calla woke with the Marauder's Map on the bedside table next to her. She didn't know who had put it there or where it had come from - presumably, it had been retrieved from Barty Crouch Jr. - but the sight of it brought an unexpected flood of relief to her chest. Beside it was a bottle of the salve Madam Pomfrey had been getting her to use, along with a note: Apply generously no more than once a day and avoid contact with direct sunlight. Any issues or unusual occurrences with scar, write to me immediately. She smiled, placing the bottle on top of her still-open trunk, and starting to finish her packing.The rest of the day was a similar chaos to always, everyone running about wildly. Calla didn't dare enter the boys' dormitory - they were yelling about whose socks were whose and she didn't want to get involved - so she passed Terry's copy of The Hobbit through a narrow gap between door and frame, and hurried back to report back on the boys' state to the girls. Padma and Daphne were both perfectly packed, as was Calla, while Mandy and Isobel were still trying to sort their robes from one another, Sue was entirely confused by the bag of eel's eyes that had mysteriously found its way into the bottom of her trunk, and Lisa presided over the madness with a disapproving glare. It felt almost normal, she thought, as she lay on her bed with Matilda sprawled and purring over her stomach. She stared up at the dark ceiling, the twinkling silver stars drawn to form the constellations of years gone by. How many others had stared at this ceiling, how many generations of Ravenclaw girls had slept through this dormitory?She wondered about the students from the first war; what it was like for them, lying here in their tower while the world fell apart outside the castle walls. "Come on, you," Padma said, breaking her out of her thoughts. "Breakfast, then train.""I'm not ready yet!" Isobel cried, and thrust a yellow scarf into the air. "Whose is this?""Mine," Sue said, and snatched it from the air with pink cheeks. "Well. It's Justin's.""Justin's?" Daphne echoed in a shriek."Sue, you've kept that quiet!""Oh, shush, the lot of you," she mumbled, stuffing it in her trunk, before slamming the lid down. Her cheeks burned red. "Let's just go now."Calla giggled, sitting up. Matilda hissed loudly at her, and went to sit on her cat bed, except it was now in Calla's trunk. She appeared very upset about this, and Calla giggled as she bent to pick her up in her arms."You have to stay here," she told her, and nodded to where Moony perched in his own cage. "With Moony, until I get you after breakfast."Matilda mewed in protest, and decided to curl up on Calla's pillow instead. She rolled her eyes fondly, as Isobel and Mandy finally declared themselves ready to go to breakfast."I still can't believe they're making you go back to the Dursleys," said Padma, who had taken very much against the Dursleys. "Doesn't Dumbledore realise what they're like?""Apparently it's to protect us."Padma shook her head. "You're going to have to write to us, if anything happens. I mean anything. Promise?""I always write to you," Calla muttered in response, but she smiled a little at Padma, and Daphne put a warm arm around her shoulders. "I promise."Fleur hurried over to her again at breakfast to say a goodbye. "But I will see you again!" she promised. "I am taking a job here, it is decided. To improve my English!""That's wonderful," Calla said, and Fleur smiled as she hugged her quickly. "Did you ever speak to Bill Weasley?"Fleur's cheeks went pink. "I intend to," she said, and Calla found herself smiling faintly in response."Have fun with that," she said quietly, and Fleur giggled."You have been a good friend," Fleur told her with a smile. "I will miss you."Calla found herself flushing a little, and slightly emotional. "You too," she said, as Fleur kissed her gently on the cheek, smiled her prettiest smile, and hurried away again. The place where her lips had been seemed to burn, and Calla tried to hide the blush that rose to her cheeks, ducking her head with a faint smile.The sun was bright as they headed onto the Hogwarts Express, Calla holding Matilda tightly so she wouldn't get caught in the crush of people, and holding Moony's cage in the other hand. She looked around for Harry and the others and Padma waved over, so that they pushed together through the crowd. "Let's find somewhere together," she said, coming to stand beside Hermione. Calla and Harry exchanged short smiles, but she noticed her brother looked at least happier than he had last night as they made their way down the train, slipping into a compartment.Daphne lingered nervously in the doorway. "I have to go find Theo," she said, looking awkwardly at Calla, whose stomach took a tumble as she contemplated what she might say. Padma looked pointedly away, pursing her lips. "But I'll be back later, yeah?"Calla nodded, though she caught Harry's eye and knew he was questioning her. She shook her head a tiny bit as Daphne left and she let Matilda down to play with Crookshanks. They whiled the time away chatting about exam results - Hermione and Padma, mainly, Ron didn't seem to care - and about what they thought Dumbledore might be doing about Voldemort. "He'll have a plan," Padma said, rather assuredly, though Calla wasn't sure she trusted that assessment. "He is Dumbledore, after all."She wasn't really sure that was enough.After half an hour or so they popped their heads into the compartment nearby where Terry, Isobel, Anthony, Mandy, Lisa and Sue were sitting, and Isobel demanded Calla settle the question of whether Colin Baker or Tom Baker was the better Doctor, to which Calla replied it was obviously the latter and Isobel pumped the air in triumph.Hermione was drawing a copy of the Daily Prophet out of her schoolbag as they re-entered their compartment, and Calla eyed it warily. She hadn't read today's edition yet. "There's nothing about you in there," she said, looking between Harry and Calla. "You can check for yourself. There's nothing at all, and I've been checking all week.""Good," Calla said with a nod, though she wasn't sure it was; surely someone had to report Voldemort's return at some point? There had been only a small piece after the Third Task, from the copy Daphne had shown her, and it hadn't so much as mentioned Cedric or the Aurors or the Death Eaters or anything of actual importance. Daphne had said it was because there was an ongoing investigation, but Calla was still angry about it."If you ask me," Hermione was saying, "Fudge has told them to keep quiet.""He'll never keep Rita Skeeter quiet," Harry muttered."She hasn't written in a while, actually," Padma mused. "She's usually a regular, at least once a week.""Oh, she hasn't written anything since the Third Task," Hermione said in a rather constrained voice. "As a matter of fact, Rita isn't going to be writing anything for quite some time. Not if she doesn't want me to spill the beans on her.""What are you talking about?" Ron said, as Calla and Padma opened their chocolate frogs and compared cards - Merlin and Arthur."I found out how she was listening into conversations when she wasn't supposed to be allowed into the grounds," Hermione said, voice coming out in a rush. Calla stared at her."How was she doing it?" Harry asked quickly."How did you find out?""Well it was you, really, who gave me the idea, Harry.""Did I?" Harry looked rather surprised by this information. "How?"Hermione smiled rather proudly. "Bugging."Calla and Padma exchanged a concerned look. Padma mouthed the words, "What's bugging?""But... you said they didn't work.""Not electronic bugs," Hermione sighed. "No, you see... Skeeter..." She had a bit of a triumphant edge to her voice. "Is an Animagus. She can turn-" she pulled a glass jar from her bag "-into a beetle."Calla stared at the jar, where a rather large beetle was trying to climb the edge, scrabbling at the glass. "You put her in a jar," she said numbly. "You put Rita Skeeter in a jar.""Merlin," Padma muttered, eyes wide. "Hermione, you terrify me."Hermione looked rather proud of that assessment."That's never..." Ron was saying, looking gobsmacked. "But - you wouldn't. You didn't.""Oh, but I did. I caught her on the window sill in the Hospital Wing. Look very closely, and you'll notice the markings around her antennae are the same as those glasses she wears.""There was a beetle on the statue that night we heard Hagrid talking to Madam Maxime!"A thought had entered Calla's head."Exactly. And Viktor pulled a beetle out of my hair that day by the lake after the Second Task."Calla's stomach fell, as she got quickly to her feet and said in a garbled rush, "There was a beetle on the bench behind me and Zach at the Yule Ball."Padma stared up at her, hands flying to her mouth in understanding and shock. Her heart raced, and she swore under her breath, which seemed to greatly offend Hermione. She should have listened to him when he'd said it wasn't him. She'd been stupid. And she - she'd been wrong. "Give me a minute," she said, and all but ran from the compartment, launching herself into the one where Isobel and the others sat."Anyone know where Zach Smith is?" she asked breathlessly."Down that way," Anthony said, pointing the other direction. "Next carriage. Why-"She didn't pause to let him finish. She turned and hurried along the other way, only to bump into someone, staring up at Daphne's flushed face. "Calla," she said, staring in surprise. "Where are you-"She grabbed her hand sharply. "Hermione found out Rita Skeeter's an illegal Animagus and she's a beetle and Hermione put her in a jar and Skeeter overheard me and Zach talking when she was transformed and it - it wasn't him who told her!"Daphne blinked. Her eyes were a little puffy. "Well, that makes total sense.""Come on!"They hurried down the train together, glancing between the compartment windows, finally spotting a cluster of Hufflepuffs in the middle of which Zach was sitting. She paused and hurried backwards out of sight, flattening her hair. Her stomach swooped. "I don't know what to say.""Well you just ran all the way here.""Running is a lot easier than speaking to someone!" She leaned back against the wall as the train shuddered underneath her. "Oh my God. Oh my God. We haven't spoken in months, and he didn't even do anything wrong I just thought he did! Oh my God! How am I meant to talk to him?""Not like that," Daphne said. "You sound out of breath.""I am out of breath!" She shut her eyes. She shouldn't be freaking about this, of all things. "Okay. I just have to knock on the door, ask for a word, explain and then...""Sprint in the other direction?""Yup." She caught Daphne's eye and let out a breathless, nervous laugh. "Jesus.""Go on," Daphne said. "They can tell you're out here, they're all looking at me.""Oh my God." She squeezed her eyes shut, heat rising to her cheeks, and Daphne laughed a little. "It isn't funny!""It's nice to see you stressing over this instead of anything else," Daphne admitted, and grabbed Calla's hand, squeezing it tightly. "Go. Talk to him.""Okay." She shook her hands out. "Okay. Ugh. Jesus."She turned herself around and moved to stand in front of the compartment door, knocking sharply. Hannah Abbott opened it, blinking. "Hey, Calla.""Hi." She swallowed. They were all looking at her and now she remembered how they all knew Cedric, how they no doubt all had a million questions for her beyond what she was really there for. "Um, Zach? Can I - can I talk to you?"Zach looked very surprised, which Calla thought was pretty fair. "Yeah," he said, frowning, "I suppose so." But he didn't make an effort to move."Alone? Outside? Please?""Right." Zach exchanged a look with the others in the compartment - Hannah, Susan, Ernie and Justin - before he got to his feet and followed Calla to stand outside. Daphne loitered some way down the corridor, making a show of great interest in her nailbeds. "What's this about?" he asked. "You haven't spoken to me since January.""I know," she said. "And I - I'm really sorry. I was wrong to blame you, I thought you were the one who spoke to Rita Skeeter about me and now... I know you weren't. So I'm sorry." She swallowed the lump in her throat, looking at Zach, wishing he would say something."I could have told you that," he said flatly, "if you'd listened.""I didn't... I didn't understand how... I'm sorry, Zach. For not listening."He huffed. "Alright. Is..." He almost looked nervous as he spoke. "Is that it, then?""I don't really know... What else...""We... We all knew Cedric." She should have known he'd ask. "We all liked Cedric. Is - is it really true? That he was... murdered? By You-Know-Who, and the Death Eaters?"She nodded, a thick lump in her throat. Daphne was watching her over Zach's shoulder, eyes narrowed. "Yes."Zach sighed, letting out a heavy breath. "And you? Is it true that... You-Know-Who... he tried to kill you, too?"She didn't have the words to tell the truth about what he'd wanted with her. She just nodded numbly. Zach swallowed. "I was... When you didn't come back and you weren't in the maze, and when people started saying where you'd been taken, I thought... That you were dead. And it was really, really scary. And then Cedric was dead and..." He let out a long, low breath. Calla held his gaze. Neither of them seemed to know what to say to each other. "I just don't know if I can quite believe it."She looked at him, really looked at him, and sighed, feeling herself shake a little. "Lucky you."Daphne followed her down the train and Zach didn't. She didn't looked back at him, only heard the compartment door shut again, followed by muffled conversation. Daphne clasped her hand and held on tonight, and Calla squeezed her hand in return. They got back to the compartment just in time to see Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle being rolled across the aisle by Harry, Ron and George. "What happened to them?" Daphne asked, eyes wide."They had it coming," George said."Does he have tentacles?" Calla stared between the boys. "What did they do?""Didn't do anything," Harry said, "it was what they said. About - about Cedric.""They didn't," Daphne said, looking pale. For a moment she seemed to hover, uncertain of herself, and then she looked down at the unconscious Malfoy and shoved him roughly into the compartment opposite. She stepped over Crabbe and Goyle elegantly and swept inside, turning to scowl down her nose at the three of them. "I did tell him to try and stop being so horrible. So did Theo. Clearly, he ignored me."Then she tossed her hair and pulled Calla inside with her. Padma appeared to be smiling as they sat down together on the bench, Matilda leaping into Daphne's lap."I am sorry about him," Daphne whispered to the two of them as the boys continued to shuffle Crabbe and Goyle. "He's been ghastly. But I'm through with him now, I don't want to be friends with someone who won't even raise his glass for someone who - who was a student like us, who was murdered." Her voice seemed to ring around the compartment. Calla grabbed her hand. "You... Did you see who any of the Death Eaters were?""Didn't see," Calla whispered, "But I did hear..." She had to say it now. "There was a Malfoy and a Crabbe and a Goyle. But... There was a Nott, too.""I thought so." Daphne sighed, rubbing at her eyes. "Theo's father.""I didn't want to assume-""It was." She nodded solemnly and wouldn't meet her eyes. "He told me. But Theo isn't anything like his father. You know that, don't you?" Calla nodded. "Well, anyway. The whole betrothal thing is off the cards now. He just told me." Her voice caught a little. "I don't know if it is what I wanted. But he's my friend. They've all always been my friends and now I don't know what I'm... Meant to do. Meant to think." She looked down. "I suppose I'm friends with the wrong sort.""I don't-""It's fine," she said. "It might have happened anyway.""But it isn't just about that, is it? You have been friends for years...""Yeah, but it's - it's fine.""It's clearly not," Padma said, bemused."I don't want to be ... associated with people like his father.""You just said he wasn't anything like his father." Calla became suddenly aware of the others intently watching their whispered conversation."That doesn't mean... Oh, this is all so complicated." She pulled a book from her bag, which had a large picture of a red telephone box in the front. "I'm going to read.""Daphne...""I'm going to read," she repeated, voice harder this time, and Calla sighed, glancing at Padma. She knew Daphne was upset, but, well... She also knew she would have hated for Daphne to have been fine with it, with Theodore's father being a Death Eater.The farther they got from Hogwarts, the more comfortable Calla felt, relaxing in the compartment as the stress of the castle and its magic began to dissipate. The others played a rousing few rounds of exploding snap while Calla took out the wandlore book Dumbledore had recommended to her, skimming the first few chapters. It was interesting, and most of what was written there she had never heard talked about in classes before. Wandlore seemed to be one of those aspects of the Wizarding World that, like Alchemy or magical languages, was seldom touched upon in the Hogwarts curriculum. She wondered if they would ever get to learn about every part of the magical world. Part of her wanted to; the other part was scared about what those other, darker parts were.She glanced up from her book at the word "blackmailing" and stared at Harry, wondering if she'd heard him right; Daphne did the same."Oh," George Weasley said. "That.""You were blackmailing someone?" Daphne demanded, a switch suddenly turned as her interest was piqued. "Who?""It doesn't matter anyway," Fred said, shaking his head. "It wasn't anything important. Not now, anyway.""We've given up."Calla decided to give it a rest, but Harry, Ron and Hermione all kept asking until finally Fred said, "It was Ludo Bagman.""Bagman?" Harry said sharply. "Are you saying he was involved in-""Nah," George said gloomily. "Nothing like that. Stupid git. He wouldn't have the brains.""Well, what, then?" Ron asked."You remember that bet we made with him? At the Quidditch World Cup? About how Ireland would win but Krum would get the Snitch?""Yeah?""Well, the git paid us in leprechaun gold he'd got off the Irish mascots!""So?""So," said Fred, rather impatiently, "it vanished, didn't it? By the morning, it had gone!""But it must've been an accident, mustn't it?""Ludo Bagman?" Daphne raised her eyebrows. "I wouldn't be so sure.""We thought it was an accident at first," George said with a bitter laugh. "We thought if we just wrote to him and said he'd make a mistake, that he'd cough up. But nothing doing, he ignored our letter. We kept trying to talk to him about it at Hogwarts but he kept on making some mistake to get away from us.""In the end, he turned pretty nasty," Fred said. "Said we were too young to gamble and he wasn't giving us our money back.""Well, if you were too young to gamble then he shouldn't have made a bet with you!" Padma cried indignantly."You'd think so, wouldn't you? We asked for our money back, but he refused.""No!""But that was all your savings!""Tell me about it," said George. "Course, we found out what was going on in the end. Lee's dad had quite a bit of trouble getting money off Bagman as well. Turns out he was in trouble with the goblins. Borrowed a whole load of gold and a gang of them cornered him in the woods after the cup. Took all the money he had off him and it still wasn't enough to pay his debts. They followed him all the way to Hogwarts to keep an eye on him. And you know how he wanted to repay them?""How?""Put a massive bet on you, Harry," he said. "To win the Tournament. Bet against the goblins.""So that's why he was trying to help me all the time!" Harry said, and he and Calla shared a look of dawning understanding. "But, well, I did win, didn't I? So he can pay the goblins back and you can get your gold!""Nope," said George, shaking his head. "Goblins play as dirty as him. They said he bet on you to win outright, and you didn't, did you? You tied. So Bagman made a run for it after the Third Task."He sighed deeply and started dealing the cards again and that was the end of that. Calla buried her nose in her book again, taking some untidy notes while leaning with a pencil on the seat. It seemed all too soon they had come to a stop at Platform Nine and Three Quarters, and everyone set about making their way off the train, dragging their trunks. Harry caught Calla's arm as the others filed out. "I was thinking," he whispered, "you don't want the prize money, do you?"She shook her head. "It wouldn't be right. Why?""I was thinking we give it to Fred and George? For that joke shop they're always wanting to start up. Since they can't get the money from Bagman, and it was all their savings..."Calla grinned, catching on. "It's in your bag, right?" Harry nodded, and Calla called, "Fred! George!"The two of them twisted around, frowning. "Yeah?""Take it." Harry thrust the bag of galleons into Fred's hands. He stared at it."What?""Take it," Calla said firmly. "We don't want it.""You're mental." George tried to shove it back into their hands, but Calla and Harry both crossed their arms together."No, we're not. You take it, and get investing for that joke shop.""He is mental," said Fred in an awed sort of voice.""Listen," Harry said, "if you don't take it I'm going to throw it down the drain." Calla thought that was a little bit far, but she kept her resolve. "We don't want it and we don't need it. And... We could all do with a few laughs. I have a feeling we're going to need them more than ever before long.""Harry," George said weakly, weighing the bag, "Calla... There has to be about a thousand galleons in here.""Yeah," Harry said with a grin. "Think of how many canary creams that is.""Consider it our contribution to mischief managing," Calla told them, and managed a faint smile. "I think Prongs would approve." Fred let out a rather weak, still shocked, chuckle."Just don't tell your mum where you got the money," Harry said. "Although she might not be so keen for you to join the Ministry now, come to think of it.""Harry," Fred started, but Harry took out his wand."Look. Take it, or I'll hex you.""Harry!" He looked at her and Calla shut up. "No, actually, yeah. He'll hex you. And I'll... be very disappointed.""Just do us a favour, yeah? Buy Ron some new dress robes, and just say they're from you."They both hurried out of the compartment, over Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle. Daphne and Padma were both waiting for Calla by the doors. "Mum wants to talk to you," Padma said. "She's worried."Calla smiled, following them quietly. The Patils stood nearby with Lavender Brown, who gossiped with Parvati until she caught Calla's eye and quieted, cheeks going pink."Calla," said Mrs Patil warmly. "We heard about everything from Padma. I'm so sorry...""I'm okay," she said, even though she wasn't, not really."Even so. I'm going to write to Dumbledore and see if there is anything we can do for you. Leaving you with those Muggles does not seem like the most sensible idea to me. If you need anything, a place to stay a night or more, anything, Calla, and Harry. We'll be more than happy to have you.""Thank you," Calla said, rather hoarsely. She found herself blinking back tears. "I... I don't know what we're going to do. We're going back to the Dursleys now but - I don't know when we'll get to be back with Remus and Sirius.""Whenever you know," Mrs Patil said gently. "Tell us."She nodded numbly, surprised Mrs Patil was so willing to help her. "I will.""See to it that you do," she said. "Now, we have to get Lavender here back to her parents. And Daphne, where is your family?""Yeah, I think the Weasleys are waiting on us," Harry said. Calla swallowed, and turned to give her goodbyes to Padma and Daphne, who both seemed to be trying to crush her as they wrapped their arms around each other in a huddle."Please be safe," Padma whispered thickly in her ear."I promise. I'll do my best."Daphne chuckled weakly. "No. You will be safe. You will." She squeezed her shoulder tightly before they all let go, eyes shining. "We'll see you soon."Calla nodded, taking her trunk and cage, and gathering Matilda awkwardly in her arms. "Yeah." She smiled as best she could. "See you. And... Thanks."Remus was waiting for them by the barrier and immediately came over to Calla and Harry, hugging them tightly. "How are you feeling?"Calla nodded. "A bit... A bit better."Harry glanced at her sideways. "Yeah."He whispered, "We don't know how long it'll take, but we're setting up an Order safehouse in London. Sirius' family's house. As soon as Dumbledore gives the all clear, we'll move the two of you in.""When?" Calla asked, and he shook his head."I don't know quite yet. If it's looking like a while, we will come and visit you, I promise that." He squeezed them tight and let go. "I'm to take you back to your aunt and uncle and explain the situation." Calla didn't think this was going to go well at all. "I've also to let you know, Calla, the Ministry are dropping the accusations about the Statue of Secrecy." She blinked, confused. "That night... You technically violated it. But they aren't going to try you. It's being swept under the carpet.""What? Why?""Don't complain," Remus said with a light chuckle, but he frowned, too. "It seems they don't want to give you the chance to talk about that night. The Aurors are already giving Fudge grief for the lack of acknowledgement." He smiled briskly and Calla felt her stomach twist uncomfortably. She didn't want to get in trouble, of course, but it was weird that it had been dropped. Because the Ministry - or rather, Fudge - were perhaps scared of what she was going to say. "But we'll have to see what happens. There's Molly!"Mrs Weasley hurried over, smiling at them. "Ah, Remus, I'm glad you're with them." She, too, hugged Calla and Harry. "We'll see you over the Summer at some point, I'm sure. But you keep in touch, yes?""We will, Mrs Weasley," Calla promised quietly, and Mrs Weasley smiled down at her."I am so glad to see you better again, Calla. I can't tell you... Well." She smiled. "You stay safe now.""See you, Harry, Calla," said Ron, clapping Harry on the back and grinning at Calla."Bye, Harry!" Hermione said, and kissed Harry on the cheek. Harry flushed, and Calla tried to hide her giggle as Hermione hugged her tightly. "I'll see you soon, Calla.""Harry," George said just as they were about to leave, "Calla... Thanks."Calla smiled back at him weakly, then turned to Remus as he walked them out of the station. Sirius was waiting outside, leaning against a very large motorbike. "Load up the trunks, then," he told them. "We'll get you lot to Little Whinging.""Aunt Petunia'll love that," Calla said, imagining her face if Sirius brought his motorbike anywhere near Privet Drive. She imagined the neighbours' faces and felt a surreal giggle rise in her throat."I hope so," he said, helping Harry with his trunk and Hedwig's cage, then Calla with hers. "How are you?" he asked her quietly."Fine," she muttered. She wondered if she had ever been less fine. "I'm fine.""You can be honest with me, Calla.""I am. I'm fine." Maybe if she kept telling herself that, she might start to believe it.She stepped hastily away. Remus and Sirius spoke in low voices, before Sirius jumped on his motorbike, grinning at them. "Well, come on," he said. "Surrey isn't too far, is it?""What about the traffic?" Calla looked at the motorbike dubiously."Ah, we don't have to worry about that. You've heard of a flying car - how about a flying motorbike.""Flying?" Calla squeaked."Muggles won't see a thing. Come on then."Harry leapt on with great enthusiasm, though Calla was much more cautious. She went in the little sidecar, knees jammed up against her chest. Remus looked like he was trying not to laugh as he took a broom from the back of the bike. "I told you we wouldn't all fit, Sirius."Sirius rolled his eyes, shooting a smirk over his shoulder. "Do try and keep up, Moony."He gave no warning before he rammed the accelerator and took them speeding off into the air at a hundred miles an hour. Calla's sudden shriek was lost to the air as she clutched Matilda tightly to her chest, cradling the little cat. "You're going a bit fast, Sirius!" she yelled."Sorry, Calla. Try not to puke."She laughed faintly, possibly deliriously, squeezing her eyes tight shut. This was horrid. At least Remus wouldn't have flown so fast - she should have insisted on flying by broom with him. Flying motorbikes were horrible. "I had a dream about this once," Harry yelled over the wind.Calla shook her head. "I think I am going to be sick. How can you stand this?"Sirius just laughed and went faster. Harry whooped and Calla squeezed her eyes shut, just waiting for it to be over.But when they touched down on Privet Drive, with the sun starting to set over rows of little houses, oddly all she wanted was to be back in the air, separated from everything else in the world. Remus dropped down just behind them, and it was he who went to the door, while Harry, Calla and Sirius heaved their trunks.Aunt Petunia poked her head around the door, chin sharp and eyes wide. "Oh, a fine time you've chosen!" she snapped. "I hope you didn't expect to stay for tea!""Of course not, Petunia," Remus said tensely, "but may we come in?""Absolutely not!""Calla and Harry have been through an awful ordeal," Remus said, and Calla's chest tightened. "Professor Dumbledore asked me to speak with you. To explain."Aunt Petunia pursed her lips, and behind her eyes an inner conflict seemed to be raging, particularly when she caught sight of Sirius; where she'd learned to tolerate Remus out of necessity over he last thirteen years, Sirius had done nothing to endear himself. Her frown went deep. "Very well. You have five minutes, and don't think I'll offer you any refreshments, this is my family you are intruding on!""Naturally, Petunia," Remus said, dipping his head as she let them inside.She paused when Calla came closer enough for her to get a good look at, and then let out a feeble shriek. "What on earth have you done to yourself?" she asked, staring at Calla's forehead, and she instinctively ducked her head down, face burning."I will explain everything," Remus said, voice tinged with worry. Petunia was unmoving. "Why don't Calla and Harry take their trunks back upstairs and unpack while the adults talk?"Calla nodded. She had no desire to explain anything to her aunt, or have to handle all of her pointedly awkward and deliberately cutting questions. Harry protested, but he still followed her lead as they hauled their belongings up the staircase, into their room, and she collapsed onto her bed with a small sob she hadn't realised she'd been holding in."Cal," Harry said warily, and she shook her head."Don't talk to me," she murmured, taking off her shoes and curling in on herself. "I'm too tired."Aunt Petunia called them down half an hour later, when Remus and Sirius were leaving. "We'll see you soon," Remus promised, hugging Calla tightly. "Just be careful. Be safe and... Look after each other.""How much did you tell them?" Calla asked in a whisper."Enough. But if you have any problems, let us know immediately." He ruffled her hair and stepped away. Calla's forehead burned. Sirius hugged her next and then all too soon they were gone and she and Harry were left with the Dursleys, standing dumbly in the hall, while Dudley's TV played lowly in the background. Vernon was as mean as ever, seemingly unaffected by whatever he'd just been told, but Aunt Petunia was rather white, and Dudley kept staring at Calla as though he expected her to explode. Or set him on fire. Her skin prickled and she glared coldly at him until he let out a small squeak of fright and looked away; a satisfied thrill went through her at the reaction."Right then," Uncle Vernon said, clapping his hands together and avoiding everyone's gaze. He was rather purple. "You two. Get dinner on. Our Dudley needs his protein if he's to keep up as heavyweight champion."And like that, things were as horribly normal as ever. At least, until they tried to sleep, and Calla was once again haunted by visions of dark forests, a cave being rapidly filled by swirling seawater, and haunting red eyes the colour of blood, setting her mind on fire and twinkling with sadistic pleasure before she woke, panting, and in pain.But her brother had awoken, too, or maybe he hadn't gotten to sleep at all. His face was white in the moonlight and he was shaking, clutching his scar. "Harry?" Calla whispered across the room. "What is it?""He was in a cave," he said, voice trembling a little. His face was screwed up in either concentration or in pain. Calla slipped out from under her covers, sitting by her brother, and felt a searing pain in her scar. It caught her off guard, stealing her breath, and she had to look away from him to refocus her mind. "It was filled with water. Someone was screaming, I think he was poisoning them. I didn't recognise them."She swallowed, knowing innately that she had seen that same cave, too. "He was holding a necklace of some sort. I couldn't really make out what it looked like. It was dark. But there..." He shook his head, exhaling. "He's angry. Really angry, Calla.""What's he angry about?"Harry looked away, and then winced, clutching his scar again. Pain was written clearly on his face, and Calla felt her own head and heart twinge in worry for her brother."He's just found out. He's been betrayed."

Neither Harry nor Calla could fathom any more from his vision, and Calla wasn't entirely sure how to wrap her head around the fact that Harry seemed able to feel Voldemort's emotions. He spoke of a necklace, apparently silver, but couldn't describe any more than that no matter how Calla probed.But she could almost feel the shift in the air. Most likely she was being paranoid, but something about the world simply seemed off. She tried leaning into a vision, letting the world slip away, but Uncle Vernon's loud snoring from the next room shook the house, and she was jolted from her vision just as she thought she might get somewhere."I'll try again tomorrow," she promised her brother, who nodded numbly. "Unless you... I don't suppose you can find out more?""And how would I do that?""Well, I don't know. I just have to sort of lean into it, you know. My mind. I have to close my eyes and clear my head and then welcome the vision in. If it's there, at the edge of your mind, all you have to do is open that door to it.""What door?" Harry asked, frowning. "I don't know how I see this stuff, Calla."She huffed and rolled over in her bed to stare at the ceiling. "Well, there's obviously a reason. Dumbledore probably knows but just won't say." She scoffed. "We can figure it out. It could be a good thing.""It would be better if it were clearer.""I know." She shifted a little, smiling wanly at him across the room. "But magic really hates making anything easy.""You don't say."Sighing, Calla curled up under her duvet and closed her eyes. "Try and get some more sleep. We'll write to Remus in the morning. With any luck, it'll mean he can come and see us sooner.""I hope so," Harry said, but Calla knew that neither of them got to sleep for a long time.XxThe story broke in the Daily Prophet early in the morning: a post owl dumped it on Harry's bed, stole three knuts from the windowsill, one of Hedwig's owl treats, and took off just as they woke up.The Triwizard Tournament has long been a memory of a forgotten time in our Wizarding past, when soon to be heroes vanquished terrible beasts and competed for the glory of their school. The last academic year saw the Triwizard Tournament hosted for the first time in centuries, at Britain's very own Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. But the Tournament ended in tragedy for Hogwarts' young champion, Cedric Diggory.Overshadowed throughout the Tournament by the two surprise Hogwarts entrants - Harry and Calla Potter - Diggory had to try harder than anyone to claim a space in the spotlight, thwarted at every turn until the end of the final task. Reports of the night are fuzzy, reliant on the memories of the Potter twins and the handful of Aurors who arrived at the scene some time after Diggory's body was returned to Hogwarts. The claim by Harry and Calla Potter is that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named returned that night, and that the Tournament was a conspiracy against them, something which Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge, has vehemently denied. "This was clearly a stunt," he told the Daily Prophet, "by the same group who targeted the Quidditch World Cup. We are conducting an enquiry, but our Aurors report only Death Eaters, not You-Know-Who, were at the scene. They also succeeded in capturing Peter Pettigrew, a great feat that must not go ignored. He is currently in Azkaban, where he will remain. I repeat, the story of You-Know-Who's return is false. The Ministry is very much on top of the inquiry."But many have criticised Fudge's handling of the situation. In 1992, some readers may remember that Hogwarts school came near to closure due to attacks against students, in particular Muggleborn students. While Hogwarts was, and remains, under the control of Headmaster Albus Dumbledore, some believe Fudge ought to have intervened earlier in the case. Similarly, he has been criticised for allowing - after a great miscarriage of justice against the innocent Sirius Black - Peter Pettigrew to not only evade the Ministry in the aftermath of You-Know-Who's downfall, but to escape from Fudge himself the evening that his misdeeds were uncovered. The disappearance of Ministry worker Bertha Jorkins in the Summer, as well as the despairing mental health and stability of Head of the Department of International Co-Operation, Bartemius Crouch, as well as the attack on a Muggle family at the 1994 Quidditch World Cup, have also cast a long shadow onto the Fudge administration.Perhaps these events are all unrelated, and indeed, I and many others would argue that ideologies of blood purity and superiority are still rampant among the Wizarding community regardless of the actions of You-Know-Who, but they cannot be dismissed. There are many who would support Harry and Calla Potter, the former of whom vanquished You-Know-Who himself many years ago. But we must be cautious in believing the word of fourteen year olds. No one knows truly what occurred that night, though our greatest sympathies go to the family and friends of Mr Diggory. The Daily Prophet advises its readers to proceed with caution against unverified sources of false news and reporting, and the Ministry would like to assure the Wizarding community at large that there remains no evidence of a threat from You-Know-Who. He remains dead as he has been for thirteen years.Article by Aila Farley."I'd have thought Fudge would cover it up," Calla said, when she and Harry were finished reading."He couldn't," Harry said. "People were bound to wonder, and he can't keep the Aurors quiet if they were on duty - they'd have had to make a report on what happened. But it doesn't really seem like people believe us, does it?" He glared out the window. "No one knows what happened... We know what happened! We saw it! The Aurors saw the Death Eaters, why did they think they were there?""I don't know," Calla said quietly as Harry got up and started pacing. "A stunt. Clearly.""He's glad he's got Pettigrew, how come there's no confession out of him, eh? They didn't even try!""I know.""How can you be so calm?""I'm not calm," she said, brittleness in her chest and her words. "I'm just tired."It felt odd, all of a sudden, to be at Privet Drive. Calla had thought for a while she wouldn't return, but she supposed it had always been inevitable that she had. For Sirius to have care of them under the Ministry, he would have to tell them where they were staying, and that was, for now, the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix who, from what little Remus has said, were not friends to the Ministry. It seemed, Calla thought bitterly, like the perfect solution to Dumbledore's problems of what to do with them. She wondered if he just didn't want them to be happy at all. He'd made them live here for so long that it was starting to feel again like they could never truly escape it.So she put her books back on her cramped bookshelf and stacked the rest up on the floor by her bed. She placed a photo of her parents on the desk next to their photo album, stuck up a picture of her, Padma and Daphne from the Yule Ball, and slowly and wearily unpacked.The morning was one of those rare Summer mornings where the sky is blue as far as anyone can see, and the sun is never hidden. Calla still felt cold. She'd never hated the sun before, but decided she did today. Everything just felt wrong. Summer was supposed to be fun and cheerful. She didn't feel either. She just wanted to sleep for the rest of her life.Stonewall still had two weeks before their Summer holidays, too, but Smeltings students had returned and Dudley was taunting her all morning about how she'd been screaming in her sleep the night before, before her brother had woken her. He cornered her in the hallway when Harry was upstairs."What's wrong with you then?" he taunted, and a coil of frustration built in her chest. "Finally gone mental at that freak school of yours? Huh?" She didn't reply, just tried to go up the stairs, but he caught her wrist and she flinched. His eyes landed on her forehead and he smirked. "What's up with your face? You're even uglier than usual."Even like this, he was taller than her, practically loomed over her, and her breath came too quickly. His grip was tight around her, trapping her, holding her down, and panic welled in her throat. "Have you gone dumb on me? Used up all your voice screaming last night did you?"She stared at him. It turned to a glare and the panic in her chest turned to ice cold fury as she stared him down. She'd faced a lot scarier than Dudley. She'd survived."Take your hands off me," she hissed, and he blinked in surprise. "Or I'll be the one making you scream.""What are you going to do?" he jeered. "You can't do magic out of school!""Not with a wand, no," she whispered. "But it's awfully difficult to detect Potions."The very word made him pale and Calla felt an unexpected twist of satisfaction at the confused fear in his eyes. No one had looked at her like that before, and especially not Dudley. "Now take your hand off me."He did so, and she looked down her nose at him, trying to hide her trembling. "If you really want to know what's happened," she said, "ask your parents. I'm not scared of you, Dudley.""Never said you were," he muttered.A smirk crept onto her face. He wasn't meeting her eyes and there was a strange satisfaction in knowing that somehow, she scared him. "Now leave me alone. Alright?"She didn't wait for an answer, just strode up the stairs and then hurried across the landing, sweeping into her room and closing the door behind her. Harry looked up. "What have you done?""Possibly threatened Dudley with poison?""You did what?""He deserved it," she snapped, even though she didn't really have any intentions to poison him. "He's just... You'd think he'd grow up. But he was - when I was talking to him, it was almost like I scared him.""You know he's scared of magic," Harry said, frowning. "He always has been.""Yes," she said, a little breathlessly, as she slumped down onto her bed and stared at her feet. "But he's never been scared of me."To that, Harry didn't have an answer. "So. About last night.""Yes." She sat down quickly, preparing herself. "Have you gotten any further?""No. But I thought... I know that usually what I see is pretty literal but I thought maybe there was some sort of omen in it?"That gave Calla pause and she frowned, folding her arms in thought. "I suppose it is possible. Like you said, your vision are usually very literal, but that doesn't mean it is completely exempt from omens. I'm not sure what a necklace is meant to symbolise though." She reached for her copy of the Dream Oracle, looking through it quickly while Harry fidgeted on the edge of his bed. "Have you written Remus yet?" she asked, trailing through the 'M' section."Wrote Sirius.""Ah." She frowned down at her book. "A necklace in a dream is meant to symbolise commitment. So. I suppose that would fit with the whole betrayal theme going on there, in a subverted way.""That doesn't exactly get us any further forward," Harry complained, and Calla shot him a look."Well, I don't know what else I can do if I can't even see what you saw. Maybe then I'd be able to clarify a few of the details, though without context these things can be tricky anyway.""Yeah, well." Harry sighed and leaned back to glare up at their ceiling. They hadn't put up their usual house decorations yet, and the room was ratherbare of colour. "You're not exactly a mind reader." She gasped. "What?""I... I mean, I'm not. And I've never actually consciously done it on someone else before, but I might be able to make it work, and since it's a matter of the mind the Trace can't pick it up so it's more or less legal if we just don't let on to anyone, right?""What is?" Harry asked, sitting up sharply."Occlumency.""What?""Well, Legilimency.""That's... Didn't you say Voldemort used that on you?" He looked vaguely horrified."Yes, but I won't use it to hurt you. It isn't dark magic, Dumbledore and Snape can both do it.""Snape does it?" At this, Harry looked even more horrified and Calla was quick to intervene."And Dumbledore. That's how taught me Occlumency in the first place, and he's never taught me Legilimency but from what research I've done, they're similar processes and it's made easier with someone who trusts you and doesn't have very good mental defences, which you don't.""Oi!""Well, you've never practiced Occlumency, have you?" He shook his head. "So, no mental defenses, at least not of a magical nature." She smiled at him for a second before she saw the stark confusion and disconcertation on his face. "You don't have to," she told Harry quickly. "But it was just a thought. If I could see what you saw, I might be able to control what you see though it in the same way I can control my own visions."Her brother considered her warily, eyes narrowed and brow furrowed. "Would it hurt?""I don't think so. If it does, tell me and I can stop immediately. That is, if it works at all. But it might be worth a try at least?"Harry frowned. "Okay," he said slowly. "But how do you do it?""Well, I don't really know.""Oh, brilliant.""But I'm going to figure it out!" she promised. He gave her a dubious look. "I made notes on the subject ages ago, if I can find them, then I can work on it. I know it can be used verbally and non-verbally, and with or without a wand, and I think it would be best to do without a wand and non-verbally due to the Trace.""You're going to try wandless magic?" Harry raised his eyebrows. "Calla, this isn't going to work."She glared at him, not wanting to agree. "Well, at least I'm doing something. If it doesn't work, then fine, so long as we don't get into trouble. Leave me be and I'll figure it out. Oh," she added quickly as he turned away, "speaking of, I have some books I need to get soon to read over the holidays. The only place I can think of to get them's Flourish and Blotts but I don't know if they deliver.""How would I know?""I expected Hermione might have tried before."Harry shrugged. "I'll find out. But if they don't, we'll go when we move back in with Remus and Sirius, won't we?"She put on a firm smile, though in truth she was uncertain. "I'm sure we will. I'd just like to make a start sooner rather than later. For my research."He frowned at her but didn't press further about what that 'research' might mean, and instead relaxed back onto his bed, picked up a fake snitch that he'd laid on their bedside table, and played a game of one-man catch in silence.Later in the day, he took to wandering around the town on his own while Calla sat up in their bedroom, listening out frustratedly for any signs of life from the Dursleys and drawing out the night before's nightmares until they turned into furious, terrified scribbles and her scar started burning as her pencil tore through paper. She drew every image of a necklace she could imagine, conjured from past visions and memories, but with no idea if any of them were correct, and even if they were, what they could do with it.At four o'clock, Harry came back inside. Calla nodded silently to him, but couldn't face answering his questions. She went around to Mairi's house, but was hesitant to knock. It had been almost a year since they had last spoken face to face, and she hadn't sent a letter in two weeks. Still, that wasn't too long of a time, was it? She had said she'd tell Mairi what happened in the Third Task - or at least, a Muggle proofed version of events - but she never had. She didn't know how to translate what had happened into terms Mairi might understand without breaking the Statute of Secrecy or scaring her only Muggle friend off for good.Still. It was here or Number Four and Harry's questions and those suffocating walls. Swallowing nervously, Calla knocked twice on the door and stepped back hurriedly, eyes darting about in an attempt to look casual. The door opened and it was, to Calla's relief, Mairi who answered, still in her school uniform. She stared at her a moment before breaking into a shriek and jumping the two steps at the door to engulf Calla in a hug that sent her nerves on edge, but in a strangely good way. "You're back! You didn't say when! I never got your last letter about the triathlon, how did it go?"Calla chuckled weakly, but stepped out of the hug quickly. "I know, I meant to, I just... A lot went on.""It's not to do with this Zacharias guy, is it?" Mairi asked, tugging Calla's hand. She hollered over her shoulder, "Mum, it's Calla, we're going for a walk!" and then shut the door behind her, leading Calla down the path. "Is it?""No," Calla said softly. "It's..." God, how was she meant to explain it? She was already regretting having come by. She didn't want to talk about it, she just wanted to see Mairi. "Just stuff." Mairi looked at her weirdly."You're upset," she said. "You can tell me about it, you know.""I know," she said, but she knew she couldn't. "It's not that important, I kind of just got swept up. I ended up drawing the triathlon, but I still reckon I should have come lower.""Drawing for first place, though? That's decent, Calla. You must have done great in the last part - what was it, the cycling one?" Calla nodded numbly. Cedric's face flashed before her eyes again. "See. It's good. I wish Stonewall had a triathlon, they're making us do this rubbish sports day thing like we're kids, egg and spoon race and everything." She giggled half-heartedly, and Mairi looped their arms together. An unexpected rush went through Calla. "Andrew thinks it's bloody hilarious I have to do it. He's got an apprenticeship for next year, he's not going back to sixth form now, gave it up.""You still planning on leaving as soon as?""See," Mairi said, looking uncertain, "I thought so, but... Oh God, promise you're not going to laugh? It'll sound so swotty."Calla laughed. It was easier when they were talking about Muggle things; it almost undid the knot of dread in her chest. "Promise I won't.""You just did!" Mairi was grinning."Yeah, only because you think I'm in a position to judge someone for being a swot."Now it was Mairi's turn to laugh and Calla felt a rush of relief at the sound, a perfectly normal sound from a perfectly normal person laughing at a perfectly normal joke. She loved Mairi's laugh. "Right, well... I kind of really enjoy history at the moment? And I thought about maybe going to uni, but... I don't know. Is that weird?""That's really not that swotty," Calla said. "I was expecting you to say you were trying to teach yourself Elfish or something, my friend Terry..." She swallowed, remembering their last conversation. "He's doing that.""He sounds fun," Mairi said, and Calla laughed loudly."He's alright. But wanting to go to university isn't exactly weird, Mairi.""It is back home," she said with a shrug. "No one goes to uni from where I'm from but... I mean, I don't think Stonewall has a massive group that typically go either, their sixth form is pretty small, but I thought - it might be good? God knows what I'd do with it, mind.""You've still got ages to decide," Calla reminded her, envying the idea of university, the opportunity to just study and learn for the sake of it rather than to try and save her life. To study somewhere she felt safe. "But I'd say if you want to, and you can, then why not at least give it a try?""Yeah," Mairi said, biting her lip. "Andrew said it was swotty.""Who cares what he thinks?" Calla said. "Brothers say stupid things sometimes. Trust me."Mairi laughed now and Calla found herself grinning at the fact that she'd made that happen. "You know the other day he came in after being a mate's drinking? Mum was raging, he threw up in the living room and tried to hoover it.""No!""Yup. She's still furious, he says he was just trying to save her the bother.""That's not even stupid," Calla said, "that's just plain gross."It was so much easier to talk about Muggle things with Mairi, Calla quickly realised as they did a lap of what felt like most of Little Whinging before heading back for tea. It was easy - sometimes - when she did to forget there was another, non-Muggle world, so much scarier than the one she was hiding away in now. "Come by tomorrow afternoon as well," Mairi told her just before she headed inside, sliding her arm from Calla's and leaving it cold. "You can have dinner with us, if you like, it's just Bobby's got football tonight and Andrew's having a mope about his girlfriend. Well, ex-girlfriend." She pulled a face. "I'll tell you the details later.""I'll see about it," Calla replied, but she felt warm inside at the invitation, and something nervously excited fluttered in her stomach. "My aunt and uncle probably hate the idea of me having friends, but I also think they'd love to not have to feed me." She shrugged, and grinned at Mairi. "What time...""Just same as today, or whenever's fine. I get home at about quarter to four ish, usually. I promise I'll get dressed into something less grey." Then she smiled, a wide smile, and said, "It's really good to see you again."Calla found herself smiling. "You too."XxCalla made a point of still getting her subscription to the Daily Prophet but she was starting to regret it. For the first few days of the summer holidays after the Tournament article there had been nothing of note in terms of her, Harry or Voldemort, which had honestly been rather unnerving. Aila Farley, she noticed, hadn't written a single other piece for the Prophet.Then she started noticing other things; the way that certain articles would mention them. Anything from a dubious source would be made fun of by referring to them - 'pulling a Potter' seemed to be the most popular punchline - and she didn't fail to realise that people who performed any slightly impressive feat would again be compared to them. It all seemed to suggest that they were making it all up for a bit of attention.She considered burning her copies in unseen protest. Maybe she could burn her schoolbooks too. Destroy it all. The idea appealed, but she thought Aunt Petunia would scream at her if she tried to start a bonfire in the back garden, and she was furious enough with Calla after Dudley went running off accusing her of making poisons in the kitchen sink, which was just untrue and a gross exaggeration of what she'd actually said. For now she was just glad Harry wasn't reading the paper too deeply, taking the stance that anything to do with Voldemort or Pettigrew would be headline news. Calla was scouring the paper for any hints, but even then, there was nothing more suspicious than the Prophet's attempt to paint them as liars. She'd expected Fudge to try and cover things up but surely he couldn't stop information getting to the press, or at least stop the obvious speculation. She was quickly growing frustrated with it, and frustration soon turned to the same apathy she'd felt about almost everything that wasn't terror."I don't get why no one's telling us anything," Harry said, chucking that morning's copy of the Daily Prophet onto the floor between their beds. He was still clutching his most recent letter from Ron, who had been the exact opposite of helpful. He, like Hermione, Remus, and even Sirius, had been evading their questions all week. Remus hadn't even said when he'd be visiting, and that made Calla more bitter than anything. He'd always promised he'd be there for them, but he wasn't. She didn't want to blame him, knew that his condition wasn't his fault, but what was stopping him or Sirius now? Except Dumbledore. She didn't like to think about him anymore. He'd betrayed her, too. In fact, her only useful contact had been Trelawney, who had sent a letter detailing the work of her ancestor Cassandra, a famed Seer, along with a most useful book about the relativity of precognition in dream interpretation. "I know they know something.""I know," Calla said quietly. She had yet to hear back from Daphne and Padma, whom she'd written to a couple of days prior asking if they'd heard anything. She wasn't expecting anything much from Padma, but hoped Daphne might know a bit more. Her only other correspondents were Terry and Isobel, neither of whom were likely to know anything, due to being Muggle borns."Have you Seen anything else?""No." She sighed, rubbing her eyes. She saw more than enough in her dreams as it was, and she wasn't much inclined to attempt anything vaguely magical. "If I had, I'd have told you as soon as I did.""Yeah." Harry scowled at the latest letter from Ron. "Look at this. It's like he's trying to be deliberately unhelpful.""I'm sure he's not," Calla said with a sigh, taking the short letter. She read it once, and shook her head. "Write him back.""Like that'll do any good.""You might as well, though." Calla sighed, and leaned back on her bed, glaring at the window through which the sun streamed, hotter than ever. "I'm roasting in here.""Go outside then," Harry snapped, and Calla turned her glare to him. He sighed. "Sorry."With a sharp nod, she turned and picked up her book, sitting on a shadowed part of the floor. Harry came and sat opposite her, legs crossed, so that their knees clashed. She ignored, as she had ignored many times, the prickle in her scar when they sat so close to one another. "You haven't heard from Dumbledore, have you?""Again," Calla said tiredly, glancing over the top of the page, "I'd tell you if I had."Harry huffed, and took from the table Calla's copy of their Potions textbook, flipping through it. She tried not to laugh; he was clearly bored already, even after barely a week in the Muggle world and resorted to the habit they'd both had when they were younger; reading books because they had been the one thing Dudley never wanted or noticed missing. "I'm sure someone'll let us know what's going on soon," she told Harry, though she wasn't sure she believed it herself. "Remus or Sirius must do.""Yeah." He didn't look convinced either.There was a very loud slamming of the door across the landing, from Dudley's room, and heavy footsteps thudding to the stairs. The twins exchanged a look. It seemed Calla's last encounter with Dudley had shaken him enough that he'd stopped trying to taunt them the last few days, but Calla had picked up from Mairi that he was now making a habit on picking on ten year olds half his size. She sighed, looking to the slightly ajar door through which she could see her cousin.He seemed to feel her gaze, and turned around, jumping. She raised her eyebrows, and then looked back at her book, which - despite being perfectly Muggle - seemed to confirm that she was up to no good. Dudley scurried down the stairs yelling for his mother, and Calla shook her head. Harry grinned over at her. "You know you shouldn't antagonise him.""I'm not doing anything remotely magical," she said, and it was true. She was reading Little Women again, which, while magical in its comfort to her, was pretty well grounded in historical reality. "You should probably put away the potions textbook, though."Harry didn't need to be told twice. To be honest, Calla thought he might have been looking for an excuse to put it down the moment he had picked it up. "You know, if your visions aren't happening anymore, Remus will want to know.""It's not that they're not happening," Calla replied, eyes fixed decisively on the pages of her book. "I just... Don't have the energy to make them happen right now.""Calla-""Harry." She said his name in a way to silence him. There was a sharp rap on their bedroom door, and Calla glanced up. Harry kicked their Potions textbook under the bed as Aunt Petunia stuck her long neck around the side of the door."You two," she snapped, sharp and suspicious eyes going immediately to Calla. "What are you reading?""Little Women," Calla said simply, not looking at her. "It's a classic."Aunt Petunia's lips thinned. "Get in the garden. Someone needs to water the plants with all this hot weather. Quickly!"Clearly, Aunt Petunia's orchids were the most urgent matter at hand. Calla almost envied her such a concern. She grimaced at Harry, setting the book aside as the pair of them trudged, hiding their scowls, down to the garden."Have you gotten further on that... Legili thing you were talking about?" Harry asked as they worked side by side tearing out weeds."I don't know until I try," she replied, shaking her head. "Dumbledore just does it by looking at me and wanting it to happen. But I'm very much not Dumbledore."Harry gave a small half-smile. "Suppose not. It might not do any good anyway.""But it might," Calla said, trying to sound confident. She turned to her brother, looking him in the eye. Their aunt and uncle were watching the news, quite ignorant to the twins, and Dudley was out with his gang doing whatever it was they did nowadays. "Keep looking at me," she told Harry, who blinked in surprise but then did as he was told.She kept her gaze fixed on his eyes, relaxing her shoulders and letting out a small sigh as she tried to imagine her mind reaching out to his, reaching through his thoughts and memories. Her scar prickled in pain but she ignored it, willing her mind to move towards his, their thoughts connecting, and she felt something open at the edge of her mind. Her eyelids fluttered closed, and in the dark of her calm, empty mind she willed her consciousness slightly to the side, to a pale green light, and then the image shifted.Memories of other people flew before her, bright and burning. A snake, brilliant green and red and golden light, and she pushed forward, searching for a vision of a necklace, and then a burning pain shot through her head, like it was carving out her scar, and she reeled back, landing flat on the grass and staring, dazed, up at the sky, heart hammering."Ow," Harry said, appearing above her and clutching his scar. "That hurt, Calla.""You don't say," she muttered, wincing in pain. "Your brain is a mess!"There was a rather horrified look on her brother's face. "What did you see?""A whole lot of mess," she muttered, rubbing the space around her scar in the hopes it might diffuse the pain building up inside it. "But that... Did not go so well as I'd hoped.""You - how did you just jump out of it? That felt weird.""I didn't jump out of your mind," Calla told him. "You pushed me out!"How did I do that?""Well, I don't know, do I? You did it."He stared at her. "I didn't mean to.""Well, you did," she grumbled, and he gave her a hand to get back up to her feet. "And it hurt, by the way.""Sorry." Harry winced. "Did you at least See anything?""Nothing of use," she said, though frowned. "I saw a lot of light. Red and green and gold." He paled. "Was that - is that from - in the graveyard?"Harry looked away from her and nodded. "Yeah."She didn't know what to say to that now that she'd received confirmation. Instead, she took a great interest in the rosebush. "So, I don't think is going to work. How about we just wait for Remus and...""Forget?" Harry finished heavily."For now. There's nothing to be gained from Legilimency clearly, and I've no other ideas."He kicked a stray stone over the grass. "Sure."XxThe days started slipping by and Calla barely knew what to do with them; nor did she know what she was doing, half the time, except fumbling through interactions with the Dursleys and arguments with Harry which led nowhere, and running to Mairi's whenever she was welcomed for a reprieve. With no news, and only a vague promise from Remus that they would tell them more soon, Calla settled for avoiding any thoughts of magic as much as she could - for at night she was haunted by it, and she wasn't sure she would ever escape Voldemort's cold clutches. Even the book Trelawney had sent her gave her no reprieve, not that she had truly expected it to, and she sank into the idea of Mairi, spending as much time with her as she could. A perfectly normal girl.Perhaps, she thought sometimes, when Mairi took her arm and trailed her hand down to lock their fingers, there was something... More, there. On drowsy summer days, she was like a fresh stream, one that Calla was more than happy to drown in.The rest of the holidays seemed to pass in this similar stifling fashion. Harry and Calla seemed continuously treading around one another, worried to say the wrong thing. The Prophet only gave the same style of reporting, and Harry eventually caught on to Calla's scrutiny and read for himself, at which point he promptly blew up and, Calla suspected, would have stormed right out of Privet Drive if she hadn't stopped him. "We have to keep lying low," she said. "Write to Sirius, or Remus or Ron and Hermione, if you want, but calm down before you do something you regret.""Well, according to them, trying to tell the truth is something I should regret!" Calla recoiled a little, not used to being on the receiving end of her brother's anger, and not like this. "You've been reading this all Summer?""Yes," she said as calmly as she could, too tired to talk. "It's all nonsense. They're trying to discredit us.""And you're just fine with that?""I don't think everyone is so easily influenced," she said slowly. "Or they certainly shouldn't be. And I know the truth, Dumbledore knows, and the Prophet may be a big newspaper, but just about every wizard or witch has been taught by Dumbledore, haven't they? You think they won't give some credit to what he says?""And you think people don't pay attention to the news?" Harry asked, eyes wide and angry."I don't know," Calla muttered in response. "They do, obviously. But there's nothing we can do about it, not at the moment." She handed the paper back to him and sighed. "I'm going to-""Mairi's?" Harry was almost glaring at her, and it wasn't the playful sort of glare she was used to."And what's wrong with Mairi? She's perfectly nice, and she's my friend!""You're always there."Calla glared at him like he'd glared at her earlier. "I wonder why."She yanked her shoes on sharply and hurried down the stairs, not knowing why she was so upset. It had been, what, not even a fortnight and already they were arguing again? She hated arguing with Harry and yet it seemed they couldn't stop it. The sun was burning hot on her face as she paced down the street towards Mairi's house."You're in a way," Mairi said from the garden before Calla even went to turn. She was frowning like she was trying to puzzle Calla out. "What's wrong?""Harry," Calla said simply, and Mairi nodded sympathetically. "We keep arguing.""I mean, that's pretty normal.""Yeah, but... We said we wouldn't anymore. We argued so much last year and then... stuff happened... and I don't want to argue with him now especially since... things aren't exactly normal, our friends aren't writing much especially his, and it's-"Mairi hugged her tightly, and Calla made a faint sound of surprise. "Please don't cry," she whispered and Calla shook her head."I won't. Promise, I won't." She leaned into Mairi, holding her just as tightly as Mairi was holding her, and it felt nice. She was warm, but pleasantly warm, not like this sticky summer air, and the gentle touch of her fingers to Calla's waist made her feel... Strange things. But nice things. Her arms tingled."How come your friends aren't writing?""It's just... complicated.""I can get complicated."Calla chuckled weakly, hands moving to hold Mairi's own, where they were fixed on her waist. Her thumb drifted over her knuckles. "Can we go inside?""Course." Mairi leaned back, and she looked even prettier and warmer in this light. Calla's throat felt suddenly dry, and her stomach fluttered. "And I bet you haven't got suncream on today, either, have you?"Calla found herself laughing as Mairi tugged her inside. "You know me too well.""Damn right I do." Mairi grinned, taking to the stairs. "So," she said, flopping down onto her bed. Her room was painted a bright violet, and there were posters of various bands and singers tacked up all over the walls, some Calla knew - like Queen - and some she probably couldn't have known even if Mairi sang their entire discography. "What's complicated?""Everything.""Well, yeah." Mairi pulled Calla down to sit on the bed next to her. Her eyes seemed unusually blue and bright. "You've been off ever since you got back, I know you have. I can tell something happened, and it's bothering you."Calla sighed. This was the question she'd been wrestling with for weeks now: where to begin? "We got into a bit of trouble after the - the triathlon. Someone got hurt. I got hurt.""What sort of trouble?" Mairi asked, and Calla knew she was thinking of entirely different trouble, trouble of parties and drinking and laughing and dancing. She wished it had been that sort of trouble, wished all that had happened that night was a very big party, and wished that she could have laughed at anything to do with it."I can't really say. But, well, you know how it is. Not everyone knows what to believe about stuff, especially when someone - someone gets hurt. They're saying it was his - my friend, this boy..." She forced herself to say his name. "Cedric. That it was... That Harry and I are lying about what happened. For attention.""And your friends don't believe you?" Mairi raised her eyebrows."No, they - they do." She smiled weakly at the memory of all the Ravenclaws crowded into the small boys' dormitory. "But they... I don't think they really know what to do with me. I mean, Daphne and Padma are talking to me but it's like, I've no idea what's really going on at the moment and I just feel so disconnected. And I know it's worse for Harry. His friends know stuff, that he doesn't, and they're not telling us." She shook her head, a little bitterly. "It probably sounds stupid.""Nah," Mairi said, her hair brushing gently and comfortingly against Calla's shoulder. "It doesn't." Her voice was quiet and kind, and with her warm skin pressed next to Calla, she suddenly felt a lot calmer. This, unlike so much of Calla's life, felt right. "So you're both upset with everyone?"She laughed huffily. "Yeah, pretty much.""Well, that sounds fair." She looked at Calla in a gentle sort of way that made Calla's stomach flutter and her throat go dry in a way she definitely had not expected. For a moment she had no idea what to do and so just looked at Mairi, waiting for her to speak. "I know I don't know all of it," Mairi said, "but it sounds to me like you and Harry are on the same side, even if you fight. And all siblings fight." She smiled gently. "And I'm on your side, as much as that actually means."Even though Mairi didn't know the truth, and had no way to know or understand the great confusion of life occurring in Calla's mind, she found that she didn't mind this. Rather, it was nice, to be around someone who was just normal, and just liked Calla because she did, and stood up for her because she was her friend and she wanted to. So she found herself smiling at Mairi, and said, "Thanks. Do you want to get ice cream?"And Mairi grinned and said yes because, obviously, it was ice cream and it was Summer and it could have been a perfectly normal day.Author's Note: Aaaand I think that marks chapter one hundred! It has been a long time getting here and this time last year I never would have believed I'd have gotten so far in the story. But all your lovely comments over the last year or so have really motivated me, especially in this dark time with covid, and I'm super excited about where Calla's story is going to take her. I've now written up to mid-November in the OotP-adjacent timeline, and I can't wait to share it with you all. Let me know what y'all think, any predictions you have for the coming year etc. and I shall see you for an update next week!

"This is useless," Harry muttered, crumpling up his most recent letter from Ron. "Wish we could tell you, mate, owl might get intercepted..." He scowled. "I wish they'd just bloody come and tell me in person.""I know," was all Calla said tiredly. It was almost nine o'clock and she was ready for bed, and had heard this same rant of Harry's a million times, enough for it to have entirely lost its appeal."I don't get how you can just sit there and be so relaxed about all of this," Harry said, scowling at the Daily Prophet and at his stack of unhelpful letters."Relaxed?" Calla laughed in disbelief. "You think I'm relaxed?""Well you don't seem all that interested in finding out what's actually going on," Harry told her. "Do you? You've barely looked at the Daily Prophet.""Neither have you," she said quietly. "You've just looked at the headlines and scanned for our names and then got angry.""Yeah, well why shouldn't I be angry?""I'm not saying you shouldn't be angry. I'm saying you are. And I... I'm just tired, Harry.""But don't you think we should be doing something?""What can we do?""Something! We're the ones that have faced him, Calla, we're the ones that have been through everything! Who faced Quirrel in first year?""You." She looked at him. "That was just you.""And second year? You ran to the chamber even before I did, it was us who fought him! You were the one who killed the basilisk, and I stabbed the diary! That was us! And third year I drove off the Dementors and it - it was us who were in that maze! Who were...""I know," she said gently as Harry broke off, momentarily stunned by memory."They can't just expect us to - to sit around and - and do nothing! And I don't know how you can stand it!""Yeah." Calla looked away, steadying her breaths. This room felt stifling, not only from the weather. She scratched Matilda in her lap."It's just... They should be telling us!""I know.""Do you? You're not doing anything, Calla!""Neither are you." Her lip wobbled."At least I want to! You - you spend all your time with Mairi and her family and... It's like you're just pretending none of this is happening!"Coming from Harry, it hurt. It stung, actually. "And why do you think that is?" she asked, lip wobbling further as her vision listed and she inwardly cursed herself for crying again. "I'm scared, Harry.""So am I!""I know but... Harry, I can't fight. I can't do anything to help. And I... I'm a coward, is what I am." She felt tears slide down her cheek. "I have never been so terrified as I was in that graveyard, Harry, never. I thought I was dying, I thought you were going to die and then Dumbledore came and spoke to me and... Harry, I'm never going to be able to fight. Not like you. I'm weak, and I'm getting weaker and I'm going to keep getting weaker until he's gone. And I'm scared.""So you'd rather do nothing?" Harry seemed to spit out the words."Most of the time..." She took in a nervous breath. "It feels like nothing's all I can do. And, Harry... I just want to be normal.""You heard Dumbledore," he said, "at the speech. What's right and what's easy.""I know," she said, chest lurching forwards just a little as she spoke. "I know, Harry. I - I will, I will do something but... I'm trying, I am but I just... I can't.""You're just making excuses.""I'm not. Harry, I - I've no idea what to do, or where to even begin. And I don't think anyone else does either. I just... I want to pretend for a little while that we're normal and alive and safe and that we're going to stay that way, because we should be safe, but we're not and we can't be and - and I hate that the Wizarding World took that from us, I hate that it took our mum and our dad and I hate that it took Cedric and I hate that it took me too, and I hate it!" She was sure she was shouting now. Downstairs, everything had gone very quiet. She was glad the window wasn't open. "I can't even use magic properly, so what's even the point of it all! What's the point, if I can't-" She broke off suddenly, sobbing, eyes burning with tears. Her throat felt like it was closing up, and her chest close to bursting as she wrapped her arms around herself. "I can't do this, Harry! Please stop pretending like I should, because I can't!"She shook her head, throat jamming, and got unsteadily to her feet, slipping into worn trainers. There was a faint ringing in her ears and her vision went a little hazy, but she was used to that at this point and just squeezed her eyes shut momentarily until it stopped."Cal," Harry started, somewhat uncertainly, as as she folded her arms and went to march out the door and down the stairs, desperate for some air."You will stop your bloody racket!" Uncle Vernon said as she got halfway done the stairs. He was purple in the face and looked like he had been just about to come up to yell at her. "We can hear you all the way downstairs!"She didn't say anything, just carried on down the stairs and reached for the door handle."You're not going anywhere," Uncle Vernon snarled down at her, blocking her way. "Not after that. I won't have you shouting about - about your... madness, in this house. Think of the neighbours, girl!"She swallowed, and looked at him as fiercely as she could given the fact that she was still mostly crying. "I'm going out," she said, and promptly ducked under his arm to yank the door open and slam it shut behind her, rattling the walls. Good, she thought, tugging her hair behind her and drawing it up into a too-tight ponytail. Slamming that door had felt good.It wasn't much cooler out here than it was inside, but at least she was alone here, and could look up at the moon and the feeble, pollution-dimmed stars, and ignore everyone else. She could be any other girl walking around the neighbourhood at night, just alone with herself and the sky. It was a romantic notion and it was better than anything else.Her mind drifted to Mairi as she rounded the corner of Privet Park. But she didn't want to wake her and a visit this time of night felt... Different, still. That didn't stop her looking up at Mairi's window, lit dimly through the curtains, and wondering, wishing to see her. She wanted to feel that comforting feeling of soft, warm hands around her waist, the feeling of pure happiness that burned in her chest when Mairi. But she shook her head. Tonight she just had to be alone, because Mairi wouldn't understand this.So she was alone. She wandered Little Whinging until she regretted not wearing a jacket. Cold rippled over her exposed arms and she held them tightly around her chest, staring at the stars. Everything just seemed so terribly huge and out of her control. She wanted something to hold onto, but the only person here was Harry, and he was doing no better than she was. And it wasn't like she could even explain what was happening to Mairi. She didn't even know what she felt about Mairi. It was the same way she'd felt about Zach, and gave a similar thrill as thinking about Fleur, but she didn't know how to reconcile the two. Part of her wanted the Summer to be over already, and part of her wanted it to never end.She missed her friends, but the thought of going back to Hogwarts terrified her. Maybe, she'd thought, she could have just stayed with Remus and Sirius all year, hiding from whatever it was she was so scared of, but she doubted Dumbledore would let her. Not that his word counted for much anymore. Sometimes she wanted to scream at Harry, sometimes at the Daily Prophet, sometimes at the world and sometimes at herself. Sometimes she'd wake from a nightmare in the middle of the night convinced that the world was ending, and maybe in some ways it already had.She kicked a small stone, scuffing her worn trainers against the ground, and rubbed her arms to try and work some heat back into her body before heading back, staring again at the sky and wondering how many people with perfectly normal lives had looked at that same sky and wished for something more. Right now all she wanted was a little less of everything that wasn't normal.The lights of Number Four, Privet Drive, were all turned out when she got back, and the front door was locked. She hadn't expected anything else; maybe the Dursleys had hoped she'd get murdered in the night if she was locked out.With a sigh, she snuck around the back, taking care not to let the gate creak too loud. The back door was locked too, but when she glanced up she saw that Harry had left their window partially open, and there was still a faint light inside. She smiled in relief and gentle gratitude, and turned to the tree by the window, gaining a foothold and hauling herself up until she was near level with the window. She could either jump onto the conservatory roof and up, or try and make a lunge for the window ledge and hope she didn't fall and break her neck.Or. "Harry," she whispered across the gap of air. "Gimme a hand."A moment later, her brother's face appeared at the window, pale and exasperated. "They said they locked you out. And then they locked me in. It's almost midnight, Cal, I was about to come and find you.""Sorry." She winced, as Harry ducked inside and reappeared a minute later with what seemed to be the bedsheets tied together. "Is that going to work?""Did you have another idea?"She shook her head, taking the other end of the bedsheets that Harry tossed out to her. "Please don't drop me."Harry just shook his head in response, and Calla steeled herself to make a leap towards the wall. She went swinging so fast she thought for sure she'd slam into the brick, but at the last second swung her legs up and bent her knees so that she only pushed off of it, and then Harry hauled her up just enough that she could grab the window ledge and pull herself the rest of the way.She clambered over the windowsill, quite relieved she'd made it back in, and grinned at her brother in thanks. "I'm sorry," he said, "for shouting at you earlier.""It's alright," she said quietly, and even though it wasn't quite alright, it was still Harry. "I'm sorry too. I just... I'm scared.""I know," he said, and hugged her tightly. "I am too. It's normal, right?""Right." She squeezed her eyes shut. "You said it's midnight.""Yeah. Almost, anyway.""Sorry." She winced. "You didn't stay up this whole time, did you?""Well I wasn't going to let you stay outside on your own the whole night. I told myself if it got to midnight and you weren't back then I'd have to come and find you." Harry stepped back, shaking his head. "You are being a bit ridiculous, you know. First you say you're scared, and then you disappear into the night on your own for three hours."She shook her head. "It's different. It's Little Whinging. It's the Muggliest Muggletown in the Muggle world." Harry snorted. "And I needed a walk."She took the tied together bedsheets from him and started to untie them, shaking them out so there were no traces of crumbled brick, and together she and Harry put them back on their beds. "Thanks," she said quietly, as her brother shut the window. "For staying up for me."She couldn't see him as he turned out the last remaining light, but she could hear a faint smile in his voice. "You're my sister. Now let me sleep."XxCalla hadn't been able to sleep. Even after getting in at midnight, she wasn't tired, and by half past one she'd been woken by the sound of Harry shouting, shaking in his bed. "No! No, Cedric! Not Cedric! No, no - don't hurt her! Don't hurt Calla! Mum! Mum, help! Help!"She turned to him, eyes welling with worry as he writhed and she had no idea what to do. "Harry," she whispered. "Harry!""Mum, Dad, help me! Help me, please!""Harry!" She lurched across the narrow gap between their beds and grabbed him by the arm. "Harry! Wake up!"His eyes flew open; his face was pale and sweaty as he panted under the duvet. "C-Calla?""It's alright," she whispered, kneeling on the dusty floor. "I'm here, I'm alright. You're okay."He stared at her, eyes wide and still terrified. Calla squeezed his hand. "I...""I know," she whispered. "Me too."Harry was awfully quiet all day, apart from when he read the Daily Prophet. "They're going to close the investigation," he said in a hoarse voice. "They say they've got what they needed, they've got Pettigrew and there's no further evidence... No reliable witnesses." She ground her teeth together and looked steadfastly away. "Someone from the Auror Department's given a statement, anonymously. That it still remains high in their list of concerns and they're going to continue to put suspected Death Eater activity on their alert system." He scowled. "If you ask me, they've been told to keep quiet.""Anything more about Pettigrew?" Calla asked as neutrally as she could, rattled by the line about reliable witnesses."No. Sounds like they want to forget about him now, if they ever even cared." He fell back into his bed and took to glaring alternately between the ceiling and at her for the rest of the day. Calla didn't want to leave him on his own, but it was stifling for them to be in the same room and they both knew it."I'll be back before dinner," she said before she left. He didn't reply.When she arrived at the Bairds' house, Mairi's mother greeted her at the door, talking quickly on the phone to someone, pale and rather stressed-looking. Papers were scattered over the hall table behind her. Mrs Baird glanced up at Calla and her eyes widened, as she hurriedly urged her to go on upstairs to Mairi.Frowning, Calla hurried up the stairs, hearing music coming from Mairi's room. "Oh," she said, sitting up quickly from where she'd been lying reading a magazine. "I didn't expect you.""Sorry," Calla said quickly, "your mum said to come upstairs."Mairi grinned, cheeks going a little pink, and Calla felt her stomach do a small flip. "So," she said, "what's up now?""Nothing really," she said, not wanting to have to tread around secrets with Mairi. "Harry's as frustrating as always.""Obviously." Mairi grinned and pulled Calla down to sit next to her on the bed. Her arms tingled as they brushed skin against one another. "Mum's been going daft about something or other all morning. One of our my aunties back home's lost something that used to belong to my great-aunt - the one who was killed in Edinburgh - and my mum's convinced they got rid of it years ago, but now my auntie's accusing her of stealing it and it's all a mess.""What was it?""No idea, Mum won't say. I assume it's some sort of heirloom, but none of us knew my great-aunt. She died just a few years after my mum was born, and we're not sure what she was up to in that point. Everything we have from her was from way before then. She... Went a little off the rails, I think, but we're not meant to talk about it.""That's horrible," Calla said with a shudder."I know." Mairi didn't meet her eyes, just stared out of the window for a while. "Anyway, obviously Mum has no attachment to her and I don't know how Auntie Niamh thinks she's somehow stolen it from all the way in Surrey, but there you go." She shrugged, even though Calla felt that what she had just said warranted much more expression than a mere shrug. "Her and my dad are always having these little conversations without us hearing, though. It's so annoying. They won't even tell Andrew what's going on.""Yeah," Calla said, thinking of her friends' event silence, and Remus and Sirius' failed promises, and the lies that were running rampant in the Daily Prophet. "I hate it when stuff like that happens."Mairi hummed, and then seemed to catch herself, forcing herself to smile. It was something Calla wouldn't have realised if she hadn't recently come to perfect the art herself. "Anyway!" She jumped up, grinning too widely. "We haven't decided what to do for your birthday yet!"Calla pulled a face. "We don't have to do anything. I'm really not in the mood to celebrate my birthday this year.""Well, haven't you heard anything from that godfather of yours?""No," she said sullenly. Surprise and hurt flickered across Mairi's face. "Sorry. It's just... Not a very good time right now."Mairi pursed her lips, frowning at Calla. "We can just go get ice cream if you want. Bring Harry, too. It'll be fun."She tried to smile. But she didn't really feel like celebrating anything recently, even if she couldn't explain to Mairi why that was. "Oh, come on." Mairi had taken Calla's face in her hands, and her thumbs stroked the dimples on her cheeks, seeming to set them on fire. Calla wondered if that wasn't its own kind of magic. It was... A pleasant sort, if it was. "Whatever's wrong, you can tell me.""I can't," she said softly, shaking her head. Mairi's hands fell away and left her feeling cold. "I wish I could." Her heart twisted. "I think I just need a break.""From what?""Everything," she said, and Mairi laughed, nudging her shoulder comfortingly."I get that sometimes, too."Calla tried to smile, but she knew whatever Mairi thought was wrong had to be so far from the truth. "I suppose it's a universal thing. Kind of." She leaned her head tentatively on Mairi's shoulder, and could hear her gentle breathings, the thumping of her heart. Their eyes met for an instant, and Calla realised how close they were to one another. Her breath caught in her throat. She almost leaned closer, and then there was a crash from downstairs and they both leapt up, flustered."B-Bobby!" Mairi yelled. "Is that you?""It's not my fault!" came a grumpy shout from downstairs."Aye," Mairi yelled, "sure it's no!"She shook her head and turned back to Calla with a grin that made her stomach flip. Calla glanced away, but could still feel Mairi's gaze on her, warm and considering, and she didn't know what to do with that. She turned abruptly, eyes falling to Mairi's lips and then looked determinedly at the window. "I should go," she said quickly. "Harry... I said we could do some of our Summer homework."Mairi blinked, and something Calla thought may have been disappointment flickered over her features for a moment. "Alright," she said slowly. "I'll see you out."They didn't speak on the way downstairs but Calla could feel the strange tension between them. She didn't know whether to be scared of it or to give in to whatever it may mean.XxOne advantage this Summer was that the Dursleys didn't care where Calla and Harry went so long as they left them alone. Even Dudley seemed to want to keep out of their way, though Calla didn't know if his parents had told him what had happened. She doubted it.But Harry's words still lived in the back of her mind. As far as she knew from Hermione's response to her, Flourish and Blotts did not do deliveries - and Hermione had seemed too curious about what Calla was wanting to buy - but Calla thought that, perhaps, even if nothing she had yet managed to do was working, she should at least try. And the only place she could conceive of to start was by reading. Harry seemed only too excited at the prospect of getting out of Little Whinging for a while.So one Tuesday, she and Harry had a quick, early breakfast to themselves and set out together, wandering to the edges of town and a deserted road with bags on their shoulders and galleons in their pockets. "You don't think anyone will recognise us, do you?" Harry asked, desperately trying to flatten his hair over his scar. They'd at least managed to procure some coloured contact lenses to hide their distinctive eyes - Calla's were now a flat blue and Harry's a warm brown - but their faces were recognisable."If they do, we'll say we're perfectly within our rights to take the Knight Bus to Diagon Alley, because we are. We aren't breaking a single law.""That's what you say now," Harry grumbled, and she cast him a cold glare."Might I remind you that you wanted to do this just as much as I did. And besides," she added with a frown at the open road before her, "the Ministry have their hands full enough.""I'm not sure on that one," Harry said. "I hope your book list is worth it.""It is," she said tensely, and stuck out her wand arm. Seconds later, the bright purple Knight Bus burst into view before them.The doors were flung open and Calla folded her arms as Stan Shunpike leaned out. "Who've we got - Blimey!" His eyes widened. "It's Harry-""Yes, thank you," Calla said sharply, stepping up onto the bus, Harry at her heels. "We're headed to the Leaky Cauldron, if that's alright?""Right," Stan said. "That'll be, er, eleven sickles each." He glanced over their shoulder. "You ain't got no one following you, have you?""No," Calla said brittly. "As far as I'm aware."Stan frowned, but Harry held out a handful of gleaming silver sickles and he let them on, albeit with a rather suspicious look over their shoulder. Calla shivered as they went inside and kept her head down, trying to avoid the curious glances. She knew most people would recognise her and Harry on sight, but thankfully the bus was quiet today, and they managed to hide up the back together. There was a bang as the bus lurched, and she felt a familiar sick twisting feeling in her stomach."I hate this bus," she moaned lowly to Harry, who nodded, staring out the window."Hate it," he echoed numbly.There weren't many people on the Knight Bus at this time of day, and they were only on for half an hour or so before they stopped suddenly, and with the unstuck chairs sliding towards the front. Calla and Harry scrambled to get off as quick as they could, avoiding Stan's follow-up questions of, "'Choo really fight You-Know-Who again?" and "Ain't the Prophet saying you've lost it?" A small old lady who had gotten on near Whitehall fumbled off the bus after them, and Calla helped her down. Her eyes seeemd rather absent as they roamed her face, but caught on her scar.She mumbled something indistinguishable and then meandered off into the pub. Calla hoisted her bag onto her shoulder as the bus disappeared, and glanced over at Harry. "Where to first? Flourish and Blotts?""Can we go to the Magical Menagerie first?" Harry suggested. "Otherwise I know you'll spend forever looking at books and forget, and Hedwig needs treats."She grinned, but found herself looking over her shoulder warily. Stan had asked if they had someone following her, and she was sure there wasn't, but it had sent her nerves on edge anyway. "You're probably right," she said. "We should get inside the pub. I... I don't like being out in the open in London like this."He nodded and they slipped inside. The Leaky Cauldron was slightly less busy than usual - though perhaps it was because it was a Tuesday, and not peak school shopping season - but that suited Calla quite well. No one except Tom the barman looked up when they entered, and he just nodded to them and went back to cleaning a glass. They passed through to the wall that guarded the entrance to the street, pulling the cloak over themselves and then making the wall disappear before heading through. Diagon Alley was still the bustling street it had always been, but this didn't comfort Calla."It's like nothing's changed," she murmured to Harry, as people pushed past her, catching her in a warm sea of bodies. Panic at being in such a crowd hit her suddenly, causing her throat to block, and she felt dizzy for a moment, stumbling over her feet as she and Harry pressed onwards.Magic buzzed almost oppressively around her and the sheer number of people threatened to overwhelm her as she pushed her way through in a slight daze. The feeling of magic, being surrounded by it, filled her up and not in a nice way, and it crowded in around her. It reminded her jarringly of that night in the graveyard with the Death Eaters all around her, and she was powerless in the jostle of the crowd."Come on," she said urgently to her brother, who had been admiring the new Cleansweep, and pulled him along. "Keep your head down.""What's wrong?" he asked, even though she could hardly begin to explain the rise of terror and dread that filled her standing here."There just... A lot of people," she said, eyes determinedly on the ground. She fumbled for the list of books that she had been keeping in her pocket, and then a familiar voice caught her ears. She glanced up, spotting long platinum blond hair. Her heart leapt sharply into her throat and she pulled Harry to the side, following a little ways behind them."I know it isn't ideal, Lucius," Narcissa Malfoy's voice said in a hiss. "But what must be done must be done.""I'd feel better if you didn't have to be a part of this," Mr Malfoy said back, and his head turned, as though watching for eavesdroppers. His words were almost swallowed in the crowd anyway, but Calla and Harry were keeping silent now."As do I," Narcissa said tightly, "but as it concerns my sister..."Her voice drifted away and Calla frowned, trying to listen closer. "...if Cornelius sees a hint... suspicious enough now...""Keep your voice down... Oh, and I must get some unicorn hair... For Severus... Draco's potion work..."Their voices faded and Calla hung back with Harry, stopping him from following them into Gringotts. "Keep a low profile," she said, but was frowning after them. She hadn't known Narcissa Malfoy had a sister, not that she'd expected anyone to tell her so. But Lucius Malfoy's words about Cornelius Fudge worried her."I want to know what they're up to," Harry said and she nodded grimly."Me too. But we'd definitely get caught sneaking about in Gringotts, even with the cloak. There are too many enchantments. We'll have to tell Remus.""Yeah," Harry muttered, "whenever he actually bothers to show up."Calla grimaced, trying to push away her own frustration for the time being. "I have books to buy," she said shortly, "now, come on, the sooner we can get in and out the better."They took the cloak off just as they crossed the threshold into Flourish and Blotts. A stack of Daily Prophets sat on a table at the entrance and Calla took one, combing through it. FUDGE DISCUSSES MACUSA'S RESTRICTION OF INFORMATION TO BRITAIN: ARE THE AMERICANS HIDING SOMETHING?"They're blaming America now," she said with a scowl, seeing Fudge's accusations that the Magical Congress were refusing to hand over intelligence about some case of creature mishandling from the fifties. The fact that this was today's headline was saying something about how badly Fudge wanted to distract the public. "Oh, look at that, we've been compared to President Alaric. That's quite offensive.""Didn't you say you had a list?" Harry asked, and Calla shot him another glare, setting the Prophet down and hurrying over to the section on Jinxes, Hexes, and Curses, and then on Occlumency. After gathering the four titles she had in those sections, she ventured deeper into the maze of tomes, Harry following frustratedly at her heels. She could tell he wanted to go out and do something, anything, and threw him a sympathetic look."I won't be long," she promised, finding the section on Ancient Studies, comprising both Ancient Runes and ancient forms of magic that Dumbledore had all too briefly alluded to. There, on the tallest shelf - Ancient Curses of Magic, Soul, and Blood. She tried reaching for it, but she was too short, and there were no stools anywhere near her. "For God's sake," she muttered, reluctant to speak to anyone for help - not that she could actually see any staff members nearby. The only other person here was Harry, who was watching her with a bemused sort of smile."Give me a hand then," she snapped, and he blinked."How?""I'll sit on your shoulders.""You'll fall off.""Not if you keep still. And you're even shorter than me, so you can't reach that book on your own. Unless you want me to stand on your back.""All this for a book?" She glared at him frostily and he shuddered. "You look like Hermione when you do that. It's scary.""Good."He stopped slightly and she climbed on his back, reaching up to the tallest shelf. She glared at the book, which sat unmovingly up there, like it was teasing her, and in a sudden burst of frustration, pushed herself up, lunging forward to snatch it off the shelf, and sent both her and her brother sprawling to the ground. The stack of books fell from her grasp with a crash and she jumped back instinctively, heart hammering as her senses left her for a terrifying second, and then she came back to herself, blinking, clutching Ancient Curses to her chest."And what are you two doing?"Her heart stopped for a second. She turned around. "Remus?"Behind her, Harry fumbled with a couple of books that had fallen on top of him. "What are you doing here?""Oh, I could ask you two the same thing," Remus said, with his disapproving teacher face on. Calla's heart sank. "I thought you were told to stay in Little Whinging until we came to pick you up, were you not?""Yeah, well," Harry muttered. "We kind of thought you would have picked us up before now."Remus frowned, looking rather sheepish, and Calla got to her feet. All the frustration she'd felt towards him over the last month welled up inside her but then disappeared just as quickly at the look on her godfather's face. "We just needed some time away," she said as smoothly as she could manage."You were meant to stay with Petunia," he said, still looking pointedly at Harry, disappointed. "I can't believe you would run off like this. It's irresponsible of you, Harry, I was so worried when I heard you'd left Little Whinging.""It isn't Harry's fault," Calla said, staring at Remus, who turned to frown at her like he'd only started to consider her. "I suggested we come. And we didn't run off. We had a destination. Besides," she added to a surprised Remus, "it's not like the Dursleys care.""You suggested this?" Remus asked, eyes wide."Yes!" She pouted. "Is that so hard to believe?"Remus rubbed his temples. "You two get your books," he said finally. "And then we need to talk. Somewhere quiet. And preferably not in the middle of London. Dumbledore's been going out of his mind the last hour or so."Calla scowled. "Poor Dumbledore.""Calla-""Let's get these books, Harry," she said in a soft voice, eyes still fixed on Remus. "Then we'll talk."Harry, who had been sitting on the floor through all of this with a look of bemused contemplation, now scrambled to his feet and followed after his sister, winding through shelves and shelves of books until they resurfaced into a part of the shop lit by actual sunlight rather than worryingly bright candles, and towards the till. The cashier, a young man seemingly just out of Hogwarts, barely spared them a glance, simply holding out his hand when he was done checking the books and saying in a bored tone, "Seven galleons, twelve sickles, and a knut."Calla counted it out carefully, opting for thirteen sickles when she couldn't find any brown coins and grew increasingly flustered. "Keep the change," she told the surprised cashier as she dropped the coins in his hand, and he looked up properly for the first time.His eyes widened. "Oi, aren't you-""Thanks!" Harry said quickly, grabbing the bag of books and then hurrying away with Calla just behind him.Remus was waiting sternly by the door, eyebrows raised. "Well, I hope you got what you wanted," he told them clippedly. "Tell me, did you have any sort of contingency plan? Anything to defend yourselves with in the event that something went wrong?""Yes!" Harry said hotly. "We have our wands, we're not stupid!""And we knew no one would attack us in either Diagon Alley or on the Knight Bus," Calla added placidly before Remus could reply to Harry. "Not so long as Voldemort is still seemingly trying to keep a low profile, as you keep telling us he is in your letters."He seemed to wince a little at the emphasis on letters, but recovered quickly. "Your wands can't always protect you," he said in a low voice, leading them along the side of the alley. "If you were put in a position where you had to use magic, the Ministry would find out through the Trace. Fudge is doing everything to discredit you, do you really want to give the Ministry a reason to go after you two?""Maybe we wouldn't have to if you'd bothered to tell us anything that was going on instead of leaving us to fend for ourselves," Harry shot back.Remus sighed. "Come on," he told them, "we can't discuss this out here."Five minutes later, they were seated in a private room at the Leaky Cauldron, frowning over cups of tea. Calla swilled the leaves around and felt a shudder go up her arm. "So," Harry said in a rough voice, "is there at least a good reason why this is the first time we've seen you all Summer?""The Order has been working hard," Remus said, slow, as though he was deliberating over his words. "But it is difficult to act when the Ministry is so determinedly ignoring any issues at hand." He sighed. "I think it goes without saying that you can't discuss this with anyone.""Who would we have to discuss it with?" Calla asked bitterly. "It's not like we've seen anyone else.""Ron and Hermione have been together all holidays," Harry said, "I'm sure of it. They don't say so, but it's pretty obvious."Remus looked away awkwardly. "What you have to understand is this. For the time being, you two are targets of the Ministry. We can't do anything to put you in more danger than you already are in, and that includes staying with the Order. Dumbledore thinks - no, Dumbledore knows that you are safest with your aunt and uncle, for the time being.""I don't care what Dumbledore thinks," Calla said sharply."Calla!""He's done nothing to help us either! And I told him we didn't want to go back there, but all he had to say was that... There's some protection that for whatever reason, I... I can't protect Harry." She glared at the table. "But I don't see why we can't be protected by whatever enchantments are in place to presumably protect the Order.""I know," Remus said quietly. "But we have to trust in Dumbledore. If we can't trust him, then who can we trust?" Calla didn't answer, just tightened her jaw in frustration and tried to avoid Remus' gaze. She wasn't sure she did trust Dumbledore. "If it were up to Sirius and I, you would have come with us to Headquarters the moment you got off the Hogwarts Express. You know that.""Then you should have done that," she said shakily. "Don't just... Show up now.""How did you find us anyway?" Harry demanded, and Remus looked away shiftily."You think we haven't been at least keeping an eye on you both? I wouldn't leave you not knowing you had some protection.""You've been following us?""Not me." Remus gave a small, mirthless, breathy laugh. "No, Dumbledore thinks Sirius and I are better serving... Separately. Away from you two. But the Order has been keeping tabs. You're not entirely alone.""Even more reason you could have at least come to see us," Calla said lowly, looking across the table at him. "If you really wanted to.""Of course I wanted to. And I'm here now because I was worried-""Because Dumbledore was worried?""Because I am worried about you. All we knew was that you'd run away on the Knight Bus, it's pure luck that we managed to get someone on the bus in time to see where you were going.""We were followed on the bus?"All of a sudden, Calla felt dreadfully uncomfortable. Nerves prickled over her arms and up the back of her neck. So they had been followed. They'd been being followed since the start of Summer, and they hadn't even truly realised. The idea of it scared her. "Yes. And I'm glad, or else I may never have found you until it was too late.""We were perfectly safe," Calla said in a clipped voice. "And we weren't running away.""You were safe," Remus said, "but don't you know how many people come through here every day? How many potential Death Eaters, just looking for something to report back to their master? How many Ministry workers searching for any reason to put you in trouble and earn kudos from Fudge? You have to be more careful.""We were fine.""But you might not have been." His eyes softened as he looked between them in concern. "I know this is difficult.""You don't say.""But you have to be careful. You can't just go running off. We'll see you when we can-""You said that before," Harry said coldly. "And yet this is the first we've seen you.""I'm trying to talk Dumbledore around. After this I think he will see you need somewhere... But I can't promise anything. It isn't my decision to make.""Well, maybe this is a good thing then," Harry said sharply. "We've been going nuts cooped up there!""Even so. I am trying. I need both of you to know that."Calla pursed her lips and pointedly avoided looking at her godfather. Harry did the same. "The Order is carrying out a lot of very highly classified surveillance work. We're trying to get the word out about Voldemort's return, while keeping relatively under the Ministry's radar. We can't compromise our spies' positions.""And this affects us, how?""Association with you two," he said, swallowing deeply, "is more or less the same as association with Dumbledore." Calla couldn't help the derisive laugh that bubbled out of her. "We have to bide our time.""And why would we have to stay with the Order anyway?" Calla asked sharply. "Can't we just stay with you and Sirius?""Sirius and I have to stay at Headquarters," Remus said with a frown. "It's his family home and Dumbledore-""Yeah, Dumbledore says it has to be so," Harry said, rolling his eyes.Remus sighed. "Trust that I am trying." Calla didn't meet his eyes. "What do you want to know?" he asked eventually, as both of them were determined in remaining silent."What you're doing," Harry said, "about Voldemort. And how we can help. You can't just keep us in the dark.""I know. The truth is, I personally haven't been very involved in the exciting stuff. I've been reaching out to the werewolves. A lot of them were on his side last time, but Dumbledore thinks we could persuade more to our side with an insider." Even he had a bitter tone on Dumbledore's name now. "Some of our members are taking up work in the Ministry, trying to spread the word there..." He trailed off, like he was considering something."What?" Harry said, frowning."We're trying to figure out Voldemort's plans," he said delicately. "But for the moment there isn't so much I can say on that. But he's after followers, and he's after weapons." He caught Calla's eye then and frowned like he wanted to be more specific, but there was something holding him back. "Dumbledore isn't even telling us everything he thinks. But you two have to be careful. Were Voldemort or his supporters to discover you, they would try to capture you again. Wandering around London only puts you in more danger.""We weren't wandering!""I know, I know." He shook his head. "Drink your tea before it gets cold."They both obliged, and then Calla frowned. "Didn't you say Sirius' house was in London?"Remus stiffened. "Yes.""Well, surely we can come and visit. Right?""Dumbledore doesn't want you around Headquarters if you don't need to-""And what if we come to London anyway?" Harry said, catching Calla's eye. "We're here now, aren't we?""Yes," Remus said. "And you're going home in a minute.""It's not home," Harry muttered.Remus winced. "You know I wouldn't do this if it were up to me.""But it is," Calla said, almost pleadingly. "Just because Dumbledore says you have to do something doesn't mean he's right! You don't have to do what he tells you to!""I trust Dumbledore. He has always been good to me and he's head of the Order. So in this instance... I do have to do what he thinks is best.""Best for who?" Calla asked, and he didn't answer. She sighed, and took another sip of tea just for something to do."Can't you at least tell us what you're up to?" Harry pleaded. "You said the Order's trying to fight him. We could help!""You're too young."They both scoffed at that. "Not according to Voldemort. He doesn't care. He tried to kill me when we were babies, do you really think our age is going to protect us?" Calla shifted uncomfortably in her seat. "We want to fight," Harry said."I know," Remus told him sternly. "But you two need to concentrate on keeping yourselves safe. Leave this to the adults. Dumbledore... Knows what he's doing."Calla raised her eyebrows. "Does he?""Yes." Remus' voice was firm enough to tell them that the conversation was over. Calla didn't know if she wanted to keep fighting, just for the sake of feeling something, or if she wanted to give in because she didn't know if she could fight at all. "Come on, you two. I'd best get you back to Little Whinging before Petunia and Vernon realise you're missing.""Not like they care," Calla pointed out. "I think they'd rather we got lost in London and got ourselves killed.""Calla," Remus said sharply. "Enough.""It's true," Harry muttered, but when Remus stood up they did the same. "I just think we have a right to know!""It's confidential and until we have a safe space to discuss it-""THEN TAKE US THERE!" Harry shouted, and Calla flinched at the sudden noise, knocking against the back of her chair. "WE DON'T CARE WHAT DUMBLEDORE SAYS, WE WANT TO BE WITH YOU AND WE WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON!""Harry, please keep your voice down," Remus said, trying to clap a hand on his shoulder, but Harry shrugged him off immediately."WHY SHOULD I?""Because these walls are regrettably thin and I wouldn't be surprised if there's a Prophet reporter on the other side," he said lowly, and Calla's stomach sank. Harry breathed in deeply, looking like he was trying very hard to keep his shouting in.Calla grabbed her bag. "I guess we'll see you later then. Whenever Dumbledore decides it's safe.""I'll take you back to Little Whinging," Remus said, looking pained. "You know if it were up to me-""You said that already," Harry told him."Dumbledore-""And that," Calla added, looking away. Why did anyone care so much what Dumbledore said? Why did it have to matter  how did he get to decide what was best for them, safest for them, even after failing so catastrophically? People just trusted him blindly, she realised as she went numbly toward the door. Even Remus. Even Sirius. She had too, once. But whether he had her best interests at heart or not, he'd failed her and her brother. And now he was keeping them at Privet Drive, and for what? So they could think on what had happened? Because he thought they were volatile and wanted to keep themout of the action. They'd already done their part, she thought bitterly. Now he was just waiting for the right moment to use them again.When they re-entered the main pub, the close quarters and the crowd of over-interested patrons made Calla's skin crawl with dread. She felt ill at the sight of so many people, and perhaps it was only her imagination, but the magic around her was pressing in, too, making her nauseous. Remus took them silently onto the Knight Bus and neither twin spoke much, arms folded down the back of the bus while Remus attempted polite conversation.They got off at the same spot just outside Little Whinging. "Thanks," she told Remus, not looking him in the eye."Both of you," he said as Harry started to walk away. "Listen to me. You mustn't run off again. I know you're upset with me, but you are in danger. Here, you are safe. Be careful, and look after each other.""We're perfectly capable of that," Calla replied, glancing at her brother, who looked set to explode again."I know." He closed his eyes in frustration. "I will come and see you when I can.""You said that already," Harry muttered. "And you didn't.""Please." He shook his head. "Just... Be rational. Stay put, for now.""Sure," Calla replied, pursing her lips, and took Harry's arm. "I guess we'll see you whenever Dumbledore decides."

THE MAGIC DEPLETION CURSEINCANTATION: viricaptusETYMOLOGY: derived from Latin branch of curse work  'viri' from the Latin viribus meaning strength, and the Latin 'captus' meaning captured.ORIGIN: while the origin, as with many ancient curses, is unknown, the first suggested use of the viricaptus spell is during the Battle of Camlann, thought to have occurred some time in the sixth century, when Mordred severely weakened King Arthur and eventually killed him in the battle, which also saw Mordred's own death. It has been suggested that an older version of this curse exists within the Greek or Byzantine tradition  with the common suggested incantation being dunamis klopaios  however viricaptus is a more common form and said to be more powerful. USAGE: this is a dark curse in any rendition, of that there is no doubt. It relies upon the user's ability and willingness to inflict severe damage upon a victim for their own gain, and at the risk of harming their own magic should the spell go awry. The darkness of the spell and the sheer selfish cruelty of it mean that it is difficult to cast accurately, since the soul's nature resists  as it does with spells such as the cruciatus curse  the damage to another magic soul. Often, it can have the effect of bonding the curse's wielder with their victim and produce unexpected side effects. The viricaptus spell typically focuses on the physical aspects of magic  as it is derived from the physical definition of strength  and therefore leaves space for mental power to grow and mature in opposition to that of the spell's caster. However it must be noted that many victims of this curse have not lived to tell their tale to those of us who study malevolent curses and their effects. Therefore, we cannot be certain of all of the tolls it may take on the body, mind, soul, or magic.Calla glared at the page. There had been so far little information of use in Hairy Hexes in Sticky Situations and Occluding the Mind in the Modern Age, but she had hoped that Ancient Curses of Mind, Soul, and Blood might turn something a little less dire than this. There was a heavy grunt from Dudley's room and the sound of a punching bag being hit. She glared across the landing and then swallowed the lump in her throat as she reread the entry."Many victims of this curse have not lived to tell the tale." Calla squeezed her eyes shut and felt a familiar twinge in her scar, a dull ache spreading through her chest. "Just perfect."Another grunt from Dudley's room and then a smack. He was entirely oblivious. Entirely safe and cocooned in the Muggle world, sheltered from all of its hardships from his parents who, unfortunately, had never tried to keep anyone else safe from his own violent tendencies. He hit the bag again and Calla leaned back, frustrated, on her bed, tracing patterns on the ceiling with her eyes. She could die from this. She shouldn't have been surprised but the reality of it hit her and the bitterness in her chest curled again, burning against her ribs. She could die because of Voldemort, and because he was back and she had been exposed to him again and she had nothing to use against him. Her magic was especially shit, not that anyone could really compare to him. The new knowledge weighed heavy on her chest and she closed her eyes, almost resigned.Another thwack from Dudley's room and then she sat up straight. He didn't have magic but he'd been set on terrorising every kid in the town these last few weeks. He was always fighting with someone. Maybe she'd forgotten, somehow, in light of recent events, but once upon a time Dudley hadn't had a punchbag; he'd had her and Harry. But he knew a fair bit about fighting dirty, the muggle way.It wasn't like he was going to teach her though. He'd much sooner hit her than help her. Even so, she thought to herself, there were probably some form of martial art or self-defense classes at the local leisure centre. She really ought to consider it. Voldemort wouldn't dream of lowering himself to fighting like a muggle, she was sure. Most purebloods had no idea how to throw a decent punch. Neither did she, in fairness. She chewed her lip nervously, considering the idea. It was better than nothing, thought it could still amount to that as well.Making a small note on a scrap of paper, she turned back to her book with a grimace and started reading on the new page: THE HEART-WRENCHING CURSE.XxThe days bled into each other. The ones where she spent most of her time away from Number Four  either wandering the streets with Harry, or with Mairi  stood out a little as colourful lights in an expanse of bored and watery grey. The days got hotter and everyone was restless, but Calla was just tired. Tired of waiting, tired of feeling hopeless, tired of fighting with her brother because she didn't have anyone else to fight, and didn't have any other way.It was a similarly warm day when she, as usual, visited Mairi in the early afternoon and then went back with short-lived merriment to Number Four only to find three familiar figures clustered in the middle of Privet Drive, looking up and down the road warily. Cold seeped back into her, cold memories and cold thoughts.She widened her eyes, hardly daring to believe it and not entirely sure she wanted to. Then the blonde girl in the middle turned her head and she knew. Still half in shock at the sight of them, she took a moment to come to her senses. "Daphne?"All three of them turned to stare, and she saw Padma grin, and then they were rushing forward to engulf her in a great hug, beaming. She staggered back in surprise, feeling their arms around her. It felt odd. "Calla," Daphne said, squeezing her so hard she thought she might burst. "You're alright?""Yeah," she said, smiling confusedly. Why on earth had they come here? Why did they have to be here, be here now? "Yeah, I'm alright - as alright as I can be, I guess. Why - why, what are you lot all doing here?""We came to see you," Padma explained, and Calla nodded, somewhat numb, as the warmth she'd felt earlier dissipated. "And Harry, if he's about. We haven't heard word from Ron and Hermione all summer, and it's not like Hermione not to at least send a postcard of wherever she is, and we've only got bits and pieces of news but it couldn't be put in letters - that's what Mum said - and we missed you.""I'm Muggle knowledge," Isobel said, though she was grinning. "Otherwise Daphne would have shown up dress like it's the 50s."Calla laughed but it didn't sound like her own laugh. This felt absurd. Other wizards in Privet Drive. It felt like a long time since that had happened, even though it hadn't really been all that long. "Yeah," she breathed, "the Dursleys would have lost it. Harry's inside I think, but..." She trailed off, biting her lip. "It's probably be better if you wait outside for a minute. Aunt Petunia won't like to let you all in the house.""Your neighbours are staring," Padma whispered as they made their way back down the street nearer to Number Four."Ignore them," Calla muttered back, eyes going to the short old lady squinting out of the window of Number Ten. "They're not used to me having friends and they probably think you're all hooligans."Daphne looked down at herself with a pout. "Well, I know I certainly don't look like a hooligan, thank you very much."Rolling her eyes, Calla made up the path and let herself in the house just as Dudley came stomping down the stairs. She didn't bother giving him a warning, just slunk past him and made up the stairs to her and Harry's room. She took a breath outside, leaning against the wall. Her warmth and cheer from earlier had dissipated, replaced with worry as to why they were really there, and what they had to say. Had something happened that the Prophet and the Muggle news hadn't reported?She told herself to calm down, squeezing her eyes shut. They had to hear what the girls had to say but, God, as much as she wanted to see them, she knew where the conversation would go. She didn't want to go there - but she knew Harry would. Tentatively, she pushed open the door and pushed away her nerves. Her brother was sprawled out on his bed, combing the Muggle newspaper back to front in search of a story, his persistent frown still lingering on his face."Hey," she said with a forced grin, hanging in the doorway. "Want to see something great?""I'm busy, Calla," Harry sighed in response, turning the page. "There's nothing that can be linked to Voldemort in here, I'm trying but I can't find out anything and-""Daphne, Padma and Isobel are outside."As if on cue, there was a very Dudley-like yell and the sound of a door slamming. Both Calla and Harry looked at each other in alarm as they heard Aunt Petunia shriek and then begin to coo over her son. "Run," Calla said, and they both sprinted down the stairs, Harry struggling to grab his shoes as they flung themselves out the door."Hiya, Harry!" Daphne chirped too sweetly."What did you do?" Calla asked sharply, running quickly as Harry fumbled to get his trainers on, much to number seven's curiosity."Waggled my fingers at him a bit," Daphne said with a wicked grin. "Seemed to do the trick. Then I told him I was your friend from Hogwarts and well, he didn't like that.""Thanks, Daphne," Harry muttered, having finally yanked his shoes on at the corner of Magnolia Crescent."Anytime," she said, bumping shoulders with Calla, who laughed. "I see your Muggles haven't improved much.""Not really, no. I don't think they can at this point." Calla shrugged. "I guess we're used to it." She decided against telling the girls how they'd locked her out the other night.They walked for a few minutes before deciding to head into a small cafe for lunch. It was surprisingly pleasant, the five of them getting along well despite Harry and Isobel not knowing each other very much. But the brief reprieve of a casual, cheerful lunch ended when they got outside, wandering back through the streets. They hadn't gotten far before Daphne asked quietly, breaking their casual conversation from earlier, "What have you two heard about the Dark Lord?""Nothing," Harry muttered, eyes darkening. "Ron and Hermione aren't telling me anything, and the newspapers are of no use. Not the Prophet or the Muggle papers.""Told you," Isobel said, with a sharp look to Daphne. "They've not heard any more than I had.""Why," Calla asked, nerves prickling at the thought of their answer, "has something happened?"The three girls exchanged glances. "Not really," Padma said slowly, guiding them towards a park bench. "But there are things beginning to happen, we think.""You should probably sit down," Isobel said, making herself at home on the bench between Padma and Daphne. Calla and Harry sat down on the opposite side, regarding the girls warily."Obviously we haven't been able to talk as much as we wanted to," Padma began, with a look to Daphne. "My mum thinks the owl post is being watched, and that's definitely not good news, especially for Daphne, since her dad's in the Ministry and he's meant to be on Fudge's side.""He said I'm not meant to write any sensitive information to you," Daphne said. "And he's wary about us being friends.""Why?" Harry asked sharply."It's... It's complicated. Dad says we have to keep up the family's position.""And what does that mean?" Calla felt suddenly rather shaky. "Keep up the family's position?""He doesn't want to go against Fudge, not publicly anyway, not until we know what way the wind is blowing. And he won't speak out against anyone that they think might be involved."Calla had to take a deep breath, to think on her response to that. Harry had no such considerations. "So you're not doing anything?""I'm here, aren't I?" Daphne snapped back. "Which is more than I'm sure I can say for Ron or Hermione, isn't it?""Daphne," Padma said quietly."So," Calla broke in, "What - what way do they think the wind is going to blow?"Daphne frowned. "At the moment, Fudge is doing a pretty good cover up campaign. He's told everyone the results of the Tournament and said that there was an incident but other than that he's got a strong hold on what's being reported and they're closing the investigation, so the Aurors-""I do read the papers.""Right, of course. Well, then you'll have seen that they're also doing a fairly good job of discrediting the two of you.""Thanks.""So far it doesn't look like Fudge will change his stance anytime soon. They've done away with Pettigrew, of course.""And that's all you know? But people  people need to hear what happened!""I know," Daphne said. "This is just what people are telling me, Harry. My parents don't want me to know all of this, and they won't even let me talk to Astoria about what I do know. They don't want to scare her. But... You know how they reacted when I got put in Ravenclaw, and when I became friends with you. They came around to that, and Mum likes you, Calla, she likes you a lot and she believes you, but... Tradition is still important.""Pureblood tradition, you mean." Harry seemed to be outright glaring at Daphne. Calla felt a hot feeling of anger growing in her chest."Well, yes. I'm not saying I agree with it. Look, Mum and Dad are visiting our cousins in Windsor, which is how I got away," Daphne said with a sigh. "Astoria won't tell, but we had to come and talk to you, see if you're alright.""Well, what do you think?" Harry asked. "Are we alright?""Harry," Calla scolded gently, shaking her head. She wasn't happy at what Daphne had said - in fact, she was angry in a rather restless way - but she also didn't want Harry getting into an argument with her."Well, they're here and they've yet to tell us what's actually going on.""No one's told me hardly anything either," Isobel told him, though it didn't seem to help."That's because not much is actually happening," Daphne said with a huff. "Apart from what I've just said. We think Dumbledore's organising something but no one knows the specifics and it's all just speculation. It's not as if anyone's going to let us in on it, even if we  if my parents  did want to. No one's reporting anything, and Dad says there haven't been any reports to the Ministry of anything suspicious, either. It's all quiet. He says we should wait it out and stay quiet, too. There's no sign of the Dark Lord, visibly, to most of the magical world.""But then what is actually happening?" Harry asked impatiently. "What about Voldemort? What's he up to?""Nothing," Padma said. "That's exactly it, like Daphne said, he's not doing anything.""He's waiting," Calla said grimly, putting two and two together. If even the Ministry hadn't heard anything, this wasn't only a case of them covering things up. Voldemort wasn't giving them anything to report, and he had to be doing that for a reason. "Gathering his forces. He's probably still weakened, it might take him a while to get back to strength and he won't strike while he thinks he's at a disadvantage. Loads of his Death Eaters were missing, that - that night." She shuddered, words sticking in her throat. "By keeping a low profile he can reach out to people to aid him, and he can catch the Ministry unawares when he's ready." She looked at Harry but wouldn't say the words that were on her lips.Isobel said them for her. "You weren't meant to come out of that graveyard," she said to Harry bluntly. "He doesn't want people to know he's back yet until he's ready. There's been nothing on the muggle news, you know that.""Great," Harry said. "So basically, you don't know anything.""Harry," Calla said tersely. But she felt more than a little sick - Harry looked like he was about to yell. Her head ached pre-emptively."Well, if that's it then!" He got to his feet."Harry, we're trying to help," Padma said crisply. "Sit down." He did not."Harry," Calla cautioned again, and he sank into a seat."Look we don't know much, but we figured you ought to know what we know at least, since Dumbledore's not allowing Ron and Hermione to tell you anything. We can't do anything about it, but we're working on it.""Sue and Michael have parents in the ministry," Isobel cut in. "They're finding out everything they can, even though their parents aren't saying very much at all - apparently they're weeding out Dumbledore supporters. They don't believe you, and they're scared to.""Calla's basically being shown as a raving lunatic," Daphne added, as if Calla needed reminding of that fact. "Which is nonsense, but right now the Prophet will discredit you any way they can and if that's by making people think everything you say comes from you being completely mad, then that's what they'll do. And... People do believe it. My grandfather warned me about you, but I said there's nothing wrong with you. He didn't say much to me after that but I overheard him talking to my parents. Says you want a bit more attention, that you're... Looking for a bit of glory. And no one's much inclined to disagree on that point. After Rita Skeeter's reporting..." She shifted uncomfortably. "It's not really come out of the blue."Calla felt cold and numb. Hearing it from Daphne felt worse than simply observing it from reading the Daily Prophet. The fact that, yes, people were believing what it said, which she'd honestly thought most wouldn't... She didn't know what to say except, "Okay."This apparently, was the wrong thing to say. "Okay?" Harry burst out, staring at her. "This isn't okay! No one's telling us anything and you show up and tell us things we could have figured out for ourselves-""No you couldn't.""And you say that - that everyone thinks Calla's a lunatic and I'm, what? A liar? An attention seeker? I don't want attention!""You're certainly drawing it right now.""Daphne!""Won't anyone tell us what's actually going on?""We've told you all that we know," Daphne told him shortly. "We thought you'd appreciate that.""We do," Calla said quickly. "It's just... There's nothing we can do, is there, if no one'll listen to us." She was beginning to wish they'd never come to see them, that they'd never had this conversation. The fact that Voldemort was planning something, lying in wait, terrified her even further than she had already been. He could be anywhere, watching, waiting for the right moment to come out and strike. And no one even wanted to prepare. She knew they were scared - she was terrified - but... Ignoring the issue entirely... It shouldn't be up to Daphne and Padma and Isobel to tell them what was happening. It shouldn't be up to Harry to be the one trying to do something about it."I know," Padma said, nodding. "But we're listening.""And who's listening to you?" she asked before she could stop herself. She shook her head wearily. "This is pointless."The girls exchanged nervous glances. "We know it's not much," Padma said. "But we'll keep you updated with everything we can find out. I'm sure Dumbledore will see the two of you at some point before Hogwarts, he has to.""He had better," Calla muttered, and Isobel cracked a grin in her direction."I'll get these two out of here," Isobel said softly."What?" Harry asked incredulously. Calla could hear his temper rising again. "You're leaving?""Well, unless you can contribute something to the conversation that isn't yelling," Daphne said coolly. "Then yes, I do believe that we are.""You need to know," Padma said quietly. "The Ministry is out to do anything it can to turn the public against you. They don't want the truth out and Fudge does not want to lose power or face - especially not to Dumbledore. Stay on your guard, both of you. You-Know-Who isn't the only one you have to watch out for. Just..." Her eyes lingered on them for a long moment. "Be careful."She drew Calla in for a fleeting hug. "Stay safe," she whispered in her ear, then pulled away. "Well, we'd better get to the train station. I promised Isobel I'd show her actual London, all the Wizarding places.""I just wanted to see Number Ten," Isobel muttered to Calla, who laughed. "But Daphne says that's boring.""I've seen far too many pictures of Downing Street in Muggle Studies.""So you're off then?" Harry said with an angry edge to his voice. "Just like that?""Just like that," Daphne said, surprisingly cold. "Consider that it isn't very safe for me to be seen with you right now.""Safe? Do you think we're safe to be seen anywhere at all?""Harry.""I'm not going to be yelled at by you," Daphne said boredly. "I told you what I came here to tell you and now I'm going. I'll see you later, Calla."She turned and strode off to the edge of the park, leaving Calla to stare after her, suddenly wishing she'd come back. After a moment's hesitation, Padma gave a small smile as both she and Isobel traipsed after her. Calla watched them go, uncertain if their visit had been for the better or for the worse. What had it really done? Nothing to reassure her. And she didn't like how Daphne was acting, either.Harry made a sound like he was about to punch the picnic bench. She decided it was for the worse."Come on," she said to him quietly, shaking off her prickly nervous feeling. "We can go get ice cream.""I don't want ice cream," Harry said shortly. "I want answers. I want to do... Something! Anything to help, to stop him!""I know, Harry," Calla said as gently as she could. "I want that too. But for the moment ice cream's the best I can come up with."XxIt seemed she was starting to spend more time at Mairi's than at the Dursleys' house. But it was nicer there, less stifling. Andrew and Mairi and Bobby all argued, but there was little of an edge to it. It was a simple sort of love. A family. And Mairi complained that her mother was strict and her dad was annoying, but they were kind, too, and loving, and Calla felt sure that they were the kind of Muggle parents who, if their child did turn out to be magic, would have been alright with it. Mairi's dad liked to make bad jokes and do really awful sleight of hand that Calla tried her best not to judge, and Mairi's mum told stories about everyone she knew and explained them all to Calla until she was crying from laughter."They're really not that funny," Mairi said fondly that afternoon - referring to what had been a very entertaining tale about her mum trying to collect eggs from a farm and getting chased by a goose - as they went up to her room."They kind of are," said Calla, still grinning. "I think they are."Mairi clucked her tongue, setting about the tape player. "This is why Mum loves you. Suck up." Calla stuck out her own tongue, giggling. "I swear you're the favourite child now.""Well, that's new, at least," she quipped, and Mairi smiled wryly."Who d'you want on?" she asked."ABBA," Calla suggested, precisely because she knew how much Mairi hated them.She pulled a face. "Sap.""They're good!""Nah. I'm putting on The Cranberries, they're actually decent.""ABBA mentioned Glasgow. How can you not love them?""I'm not even from Glasgow," Mairi muttered, and slipped in a tape. "You're rubbish at geography."Calla grinned, as the familiar starting notes of I Still Do started up. "I didn't say I thought you were from Glasgow," she said, legs dangling over the edge of Mairi's bed."Well, good," Mairi said, and came to lie next to her, staring at the ceiling as the lyrics started, in that low voice Calla loved. "I'd be really offended if you did."Calla laughed, turning to look at her. The sunlight was streaming through the window and it lit up Mairi's face, making her eyes sparkle. "What?" she asked, a smile playing on her lips as she shielded her eyes."Nothing," Calla said quickly. "Just thinking.""Yeah?" Mairi was looking at her curiously. "You're always thinking.""As opposed to never thinking?" Calla poked her in the arm and Mairi laughed, her smile warning Calla even more than the sun. Her stomach swooped."I think a lot, actually. Bobby's the one you want to worry about.""Oh, I know." He'd very nearly hit Calla in the face with a football that morning, quite by accident, though he'd said he'd just wanted to give her a fright when she came by the gate, despite Mairi telling him very loudly that it was a terrible idea. "He frightened me out my wits."Mairi giggled. "He's such an idiot. Although..." She paused, glancing at Calla as though she were uncertain about something. Calla looked back, also quite uncertain about whether or not to move or to speak or whether to just keep looking at Mairi and the sunlight on her honeyed hair. "He was saying the other day, your cousin... He's beaten up a couple of the younger lads. Billy Powell, Reece Jenkins, you know them? Bobby's pals with them. Says he's come close to blows with Dudley, too."Calla looked away grimly. "I heard. Dudley's a right beast. He's Inter-School Boxing Champion of the South East and his mum and dad make him think he can beat up whoever he wants. Course, they don't know, but even if they did, I don't think they'd stop him." She scowled. "It used to be me and Harry.""You don't think your aunt and uncle would do anything?" Mairi asked, somewhat surprised. "They're five years younger than him, Bobby and his friends."Calla shrugged. "They probably wouldn't even believe it. Well, Aunt Petunia wouldn't. Uncle Vernon'd say they had it coming." She shook her head. "Course, you could always get Neighbourhood Watch on the case. That'd terrify Aunt Petunia."Mairi snorted bitterly. "Your Aunt sounds like a right bat."Calla laughed. "You don't even know how much of a bat she is." That conjured up a very odd image of Aunt Petunia dressed like Snape, which made Calla laugh even louder. Mairi stared at her, grinning back. "I'm trying to imagine her dressed like a bat," she explained, and Mairi caught between a laugh and a frown."I don't think bats have clothes.""No, but..." She giggled. "I don't know, I'm imagining her with a cape.""Imagine her as Batman," Mairi said, sitting up suddenly, a wicked grin splitting her face. "Or your Uncle as Superman.""That's actually horrifying," Calla said, giggling as she tilted her head back. The sun caught in her eyes, making the whole room seem golden and hazy. Mairi was still grinning, as the song drew to a noisy, messy, but still glorious close and the track Sunday started up.The next thing Calla knew, Mairi was taking her hand and beaming, hauling her up to standing. "This one's my favourite," Mairi was saying, tossing her hair back. It practically shone in the sunlight, and Calla tried very hard to control her heart, which was going incredibly quick. Mairi's hand was still in hers, and her arm felt tingly. There were butterflies in her stomach. This wasn't what she expected. This wasn't... It was like how she used to feel about Zach. She let that sink in, in the few seconds before Mairi dragged her back to reality, spinning Calla under her arm. She turned slowly, surprised, and... Nervous. Her hand felt very sweaty, and she hoped that Mairi didn't mind it, because she quite liked holding Mairi's hand."What are you doing?" she asked, finding her voice hoarse and almost breathless. She didn't know if Mairi had noticed or not, if she could hear her heart beating out of its chest."Dancing," Mairi said, and then unexpectedly swung Calla around again, beaming madly. "Come on." She took Calla's other hand and her fingertips tingled again as she smiled nervously, her laugh a little shaky. Mairi pulled her closer and then swung her out again in time to the gentle music, grinning all the while. Her eyes were alight with something almost excited and Calla thought for a moment that her heart had stopped.The lyrics started, low and gentle, and Calla allowed herself to smile back as Mairi as they swayed a little, and turned her under her arm. She got tangled and grinned at Calla, just as the beat picked up and suddenly they were both spinning, and their hands were together and Calla didn't want to let go."You're mad," she whispered to Mairi, who just laughed."Dance with me," she said, and spun Calla around so that when she stopped she was basically holding her. Calla felt her cheeks heat as she looked up, caught Mairi's eye, as she saw the pink blush on her cheeks too. Her mouth went dry as she spun out again, holding Mairi by one hand and twirling a little in a circle. "See," Mairi said, grinning. "You're good at it."She flushed a little, and made Mairi spin under her arm, which she did, and then they were even closer together. It was a lot warmer in the little bedroom, but Calla didn't mind it. It wasn't stiflingly warm like everywhere else seemed to be; it was warm like a nearby fire in the middle of winter, like a blanket to curl up under, like freshly baked bread. The kind of warm that settles in your belly and spreads to every part of you.She liked it, she realised, as the song was drawing to a close, as she and Mairi both spun away and came back together clumsily, and she swallowed nervously, Mairi linking their fingers together. Her fingertips seemed to tap against the back of Calla's hand, and she was close to her, closer than Calla had realised, and she liked that. She really liked that. It was slightly terrifying but also slightly not. Somehow it felt right. She let her thumb brush over Mairi's hand, as the song faded out and the next started, slow and gentle. Neither girl moved. Calla rather thought she'd never want to move, until Mairi moved that tiniest bit closer and she was suddenly desperate to move closer, too.They were close enough together that if Calla moved just another few inches closer, their lips would brush. She looked to Mairi, her gentle eyes, and saw the same uncertainty but the same hope in them too. Her breath caught in her throat, and she stepped a little closer, just a little, and Mairi did, too. Their arms fell down, a hand settled gently against Calla's waist, and their lips brushed ever so slightly. Their breath was warm, that same nice warm. Mairi whispered, "Is this okay?" and her voice shook a little.Calla ran her thumb again along the soft skin on the back of Mairi's hand. "Yeah," she whispered, her own voice shaking a little, too, and she felt that same soft brush of lips against her own. She leaned into their warmth, into Mairi's warmth, and she didn't want to let go. Their hands were gentle against one another, and the kiss was soft. She hadn't had much experience, but it felt nice, and even when they drew apart she found herself wanting more.Mairi's eyes were wide as she looked down at her. "Sorry," she said quickly, stepping away sharply, "I shouldn't have  that was stupid of me, I'm so-"Calla took her hands again quickly, stepping closer, her own heart pounding, and Mairi's cheeks flushed as her mouth fell slightly open. Calla smiled shakily, chest fluttering, and then with a soft and reassuring smile, she kissed her again.She didn't leave for what felt like hours, when her fingers slipped from Mairi's. There were questions between them, uncertainties, and Calla had questions for herself, but she found she didn't mind that. They were nice questions, gentle questions, like how much did she liked it when Mairi squeezed her hand gently and when she kissed her and when Calla brushed up the courage to raise her own hand to hold gently Mairi's cheek.Her head felt like a mess, but it was a good mess. A warm, gentle mess and a tangle of feelings and sunlight and smiles and she liked it. And she liked Mairi.

Harry's mood only got worse for the next few days. Ron and Hermione didn't write lengthy replies. Sirius didn't write any at all, and he seemed too annoyed to yet consider writing to Remus  though probably it was because he knew he'd only get the same reply they'd been getting all summer.Stay out. Don't run off again. Be careful. We'll see you when we can. That was starting to sound like a code for 'never'.So Harry took to roaming the streets, happening upon newspapers whenever he could in search of better news than was reported in the Daily Prophet. Calla spent her time either with Mairi or locked in her room searching books furiously for any magic she thought she could start to implement to soon defend herself, any solution to the ever-increasing sense that she was losing herself, and that she may never find herself again. On one afternoon she read through a book about Occlumency again. Harry was out and Mairi visiting her family in Edinburgh for a few days. The book was largely useless, telling her nothing she hadn't already known, and it felt like a complete and utter waste of time and money to retrieve it.Across the hall, Dudley pummelled his punching dummy and then, just as Calla was about to snap and throw her book away, he stopped. The dummy came into view of Calla's door as he made his way, pink-faced, downstairs to the kitchen. She couldn't stop herself glaring but at least he didn't see.Then an idea came back to her. She'd never been as strong as Dudley, of course, but she'd noticed that there was more to boxing  and fighting  than brute strength alone. He had developed a technique of sorts. Still rather brutal and not anything she would consider refined, but a technique nonetheless.Before Calla knew what she was doing, she had set her book down and was creeping her way across the landing, staring in the door. Her cousin's room had always been filled with clutter, and now it was filled with boxing clutter, and his trophy which Uncle Vernon hadn't shut up about all summer. It gleamed golden and bright on his bookshelf, which was not used for holding anything else. His name was engraved somewhere there. Calla wondered briefly if her name was engraved on the Triwizard Cup  with Harry's, and with Cedric's. She shook that thought out of her head."What you doing?" Dudley's voice said from behind her, and Calla jumped. She hadn't heard him come up the stairs, which was unusual because he usually sounded like a herd of elephants."Where did you come from?""Downstairs, obviously." Turning around, she saw him take a spoonful of ice cream, considering her carefully. Dudley swallowed and said, "You ain't nicked anything, have you?""What?" Calla blinked, and then glared. "What do you have that I'd be interested in.""Medals.""Doubt anyone going to believe I'm a boxing champion."He grunted and took another spoonful of ice cream. Calla tried to move past him, breeze back to her room, but he shoved her back. "What you doing then? Shouldn't you be holed up with Harry somewhere, or with your weird friend?""Her name's Mairi," Calla snapped. "And I'm just about to go back."Dudley raised his eyebrows and had some more ice cream. Arsehole. His frame filled the doorway, and Calla tensed up, waiting for the inevitable moment where he'd try and hit her and she'd have to take the chance to duck away from his arm and run. But he didn't."I heard Mum and Dad talking about you the other night. You and your brother."She went cold and very still, reminding herself to breathe and put on a cool mask of indifference. "I'm sure it was a riveting conversation.""They said you got in some sorta trouble. Got the shit beat out of you.""Oh, don't let mumsy hear you say that, Dud. Or is it Big D?""That's why your scar got all funny again." Brow furrowed, Dudley looked almost contemplative. "You ain't allowed to leave but they don't want you here. You'll get us in danger too, Mum said.""And how did you hear all this?"His face went a little pink. "Was just going out. None of your business anyway." Calla smirked and regretted it when his eyes flashed. No, she was taking too much a chance right now. Best not risk it by pushing his buttons. "You were in some Tournament. Dad said you got winnings but we haven't seen any of it. Bit ungrateful if you ask me.""The winnings are gone," Calla said coldly. "And if you will excuse me, Dudley, I'm not interested in having this""Said that  person, what killed your parents. Mum's sister..." He frowned."Lily," Calla ground out."Said he tried to kill you too." She didn't feel like correcting him that he was only going to kill Harry. She didn't want to face what he wanted to do with her. "You really got someone after you?""Piss off, Dudley.""I'm talking to you. I reckon Mum and Dad are scared. Your lot are mental." She scoffed, but sobered when she remembered Dudley hadn't exactly had many friendly encounters with 'her lot'. Nothing life threatening, but still. "I'm not having them come here.""You trying to kick me out?" She laughed. "I'd leave if I could, Dudley.""No," he said, and looked away before shrugging. "Just thought you could use a hand.""Excuse me?"He nodded to the punching dummy standing in his room. "I need an actual person to practice with.""What, beating up ten year olds isn't good enough for you anymore?"Dudley's cheeks went pink. "Shut your mouth. I only fight people what deserve it.""And what did Bobby Baird do?""He and his little mates kicked their ball at our gang." Calla snorted. "They got cheeky with me.""Grow up, Dudley," she told him darkly. "There are worse things in the world than getting hit by a football. And I'm not going to be your punchbag." She was about to duck swiftly under his arm as she'd learned to do, when she stopped herself. "Although." It was unlikely of him to agree. "You do know a lot about fighting." He puffed out his chest in a way that was almost startlingly reminiscent of his father and smiled widely, like he was proud of it. He probably was."You look like you could be blown over by a leaf."She scoffed. "Ah, I suppose I have your dear parents to thank for that. Now if you'll excuse me, Dudley. I'd appreciate you teaching me how to fight but I think we both know""What you mean?" His brow was furrowed as he stared at her. "What my parents got to do with this?"She could have laughed. As it was she was merely confused as to how Dudley could be so genuinely oblivious. "Never mind, Dudley." Calla rolled her eyes. She almost left, but glanced back at the punching bag instead. "You've got technique, haven't you? For boxing?""S'pose so.""You can teach me?"He laughed. "You couldn't throw a punch to save your life."That stung her a little. "I might have to."At that, Dudley just seemed confused. Then, he laughed again and shoved his way past her. "Nah, you can't fight. And my ice cream's all melted now."Calla scoffed, wishing she hadn't said anything at all. Hot embarrassment crawled up her neck. Of course Dudley of all people wouldn't care. When had he ever given a damn about her? She just needed to get out somewhere, she decided, storming back to her room and closing the door firmly behind her."Right," she said out loud to herself, glaring in the mirror. If Dudley wasn't going to help her fight, she'd have to figure out a way to teach herself.XxThe local library, as it happened, did not have very many books about boxing, and the librarian looked at Calla very strangely when she requested it. She knew how she must look, in her only Muggle clothes which were handed down from Dudley and far, far too big for her. Her hair hadn't been cut in over a year, and was growing entirely out of control."There are leaflets about classes at the gym," the librarian said shortly. "Whatever it is you want to do with them."She considered it, but those were the same classes Dudley had used to attend, filled with lads from their primary school. Instead, she nodded to the librarian and wandered over to the fiction shelves where she picked up a copy of The Secret History to check out and left, far more entranced by that. On her way to check it out, she did pick up a small pamphlet about self-defense. There were only basic techniques but they would do - if she could convince Harry to try them out with her."Are you mad?" he asked when she proposed the idea. "What's Aunt Petunia going to say when one of us goes flying to the floor?""I'd rather deal with Aunt Petunia shouting at me than Voldemort when I can't defend myself at all, personally."Harry frowned. "Fine. But if we get in trouble, this is on you.""Naturally," she said, and grinned at him as she opened the pamphlet to its demonstration. "Right. This one I have to sweep your legs out from under you if you sneak up behind me.""How am I meant to do that? You know where I am."Calla scowled, even though her brother was smirking. Clearly he found this all amusing. "It's called pretending, Harry."XxTheir birthday seemed to come around quickly, and yet Calla had never wanted to celebrate it less. Neither Hermione nor Ron had responded to Harry; Remus and Sirius still said they weren't ready for them; Daphne was in trouble for sneaking out, and Padma's mother was being awfully protective of her and Parvati. The twins weren't expecting to see any of them, and Calla knew very well that the Dursleys wouldn't so much as acknowledge the Potters turning fifteen.Owls arrived early in the morning, bearing a multitude of presents. Daphne had sent a massive box of chocolate and cakes, while Padma had given Calla a book on Runes along with a light silvery scarf. Terry had sent some fancy chocolates as well as a card, while Isobel sent a box of shortbread and a bright yellow tartan scarf which Calla wasn't sure was meant to be fashionable or not. From Sirius, Harry and Calla both received a large, well decorated cake which they ate in place of breakfast, and from Remus, Calla received a bound collection of poems by Sabina Cralen, who was apparently a very famous poet in the Wizarding World. She smiled at it, its very pretty and well decorated purple and silver cover, and set it gently in her drawer, to ensure it wouldn't be found and potentially damaged by the Dursleys."D'you think we should go out somewhere?" Harry asked as he finished up his own generous slice of cake."Mairi and I are going for ice cream," Calla said, feeling her cheeks flush a little bit. "You can come with us.""Are you sure?" he asked, more out of politeness than anything else.Calla still hadn't told him about whatever was between her and Mairi. They hadn't said anything official, but there had been a lot more... contact, between them, since that kiss. And a lot of kissing. She felt her cheeks flame again. A part of her wanted to talk to Harry about it, but part of her, a louder part, worried he wouldn't understand or wouldn't care about it, or worse, that he wouldn't like it. That thought made her stomach take a tumble. She paused a moment, and wasn't sure what she was about to say, before she shut her mouth. Harry looked at her blankly. "What?""Nothing." She said it too quickly, and Harry noticed. "I'm cool."He frowned. "What?""I..." She couldn't say it. She wasn't really sure how to say it. "I... Me and Mairi..."Harry just looked very confused. "What?""Will you stop saying what!" she snapped, and he held up his hands."Okay, sorry. But... What?""Oh my God." She squeezed her eyes shut, and then looked at him again, taking a deep sigh. "I... Okay, I haven't told anyone this."Harry suddenly looked less confused and more concerned, as Calla lowered her voice. This was not the sort of thing she wanted the Dursleys to hear. They'd probably throw her out if they knew, not that that hadn't always been a possibility anyway. Her stomach twisted. Would Harry get it? He would, she told herself. He'd be fine with it. And it was her, telling him. It wasn't... He had to be alright with it, and she was sure he would be, even if she wasn't totally certain of herself, she - she knew she liked Mairi. And she'd liked Zach, too, and she knew she liked boys but, Fleur had been very pretty and... Calla sighed, shaking her thoughts. It was all so complicated. Harry was still staring at her."I... Me and Mairi... We sort of kissed?" She said it like a question, and Harry frowned."You and... Mairi?" He looked surprised, which Calla had expected. She'd never suggested before... She held her breath, waiting to hear what he said, and felt rather nauseous as the silence filled the air around them. "I didn't know... So you... You're..." He seemed to not know what word to use. "Gay?""I'm not... really sure?" she replied, her words sticking in her throat. She glanced to the door anxiously, but she knew none of the Dursleys had heard. "I don't ... just like girls? I think? I - I think I like boys too, but I - I don't know and it's... It's... Confusing. And I don't know what the word is for it, if there is one."Harry looked at her. "Right." He paused, seeming uncertain before he asked her, "So she's like, your girlfriend?"She sighed. "I don't know? We've not - I mean, we've not said so, but... We act like it? I guess?" Calla tipped her head back to lean against the edge of her bed, staring at the ceiling. "It's confusing me.""Girls are confusing," Harry said wisely, and Calla kicked him lightly. His words brought an unexpected giggle to her lips."I'm a girl!""I know."She looked back at him with a faint pout, and then sighed, relieved. "So you... Is it, you know..." Harry stared at her, not seeming to understand. "Is it okay?"He blinked. "I mean... Yeah."She hadn't quite realised she'd nervous she'd been until he confirmed it, and she sagged in relief. "Thank you," she said quietly, a lump in her throat. "You - thanks."By the end of the day, Harry appeared to have gotten rid of his initial surprise and had taken to teasing Calla behind Mairi's back when no one would notice, which was both infuriating and greatly relieving. He was acting like any brother would, Calla thought, around someone who their sister was having a relationship with. And it felt normal, and Calla was more grateful for that than she thought her brother could understand.XxThe couple of days after their birthday only brought a sharp rise in temperature. Everyone in Little Whinging was sweltering, as the drought continued on. Calla was tired of the heat, which was relentless now. Mairi had a small electric fan in the corner of her room, but it didn't work particularly well, and it was only marginally cooler inside than it was outside.The two of them were lying on Mairi's bed, Calla's head resting on her shoulder. She could hear her breathing, soft and regular, and the assurance of Mairi's hand entwined with hers was reassuring. "Swear we never got this weather back home," Mairi grumbled lowly, and Calla giggled, the sound muffled in the sticky hot air."We haven't had it in years either," she said, and then laughed. "Apparently its a surge of pressure from France."Mairi snorted. "Bloody France."Calla giggled, and turned her head so that her forehead brushed Mairi's cheek, and she glanced into her eyes. "It is far too hot, though.""Mhm." Mairi was looking at her with a gentle sort of smirk, tilting her head down closer and Calla moved up, and their lips brushed gently.There was a loud crack outside and Calla jumped out of her skin, pulling away sharply. Her heart leapt and started at a hundred miles ago. "You alright?" Mairi asked, as Calla propped herself up to sitting.She nodded shakily. "Yeah. Yeah, just got a fright." That cracking sound, she knew that. It was the same noise Apparating made - but who was Apparating uninvited in Little Whinging, without her knowing. "What time's it?""About twenty past seven," Mairi said with a frown, sitting up, too. "Why?""I was meant to meet Harry at seven," Calla lied, though it was plausible. They usually found some way of watching or listening in on the seven o'clock news.Mairi blinked in surprise. "Oh. You didn't say."Calla got up tiredly, pulling on her worn trainers. "Sorry. I should go." Who was in Little Whinging? Who had Apparated here? Was it Remus? Sirius? Or someone more sinister, someone who meant them harm? "I'll see you tomorrow?""You're not alright," Mairi said, like this was something she had been puzzling out. "What's up?""Nothing," she said, too quickly. "Nothing, just... I don't want Harry to think I forgot him.""I mean, you did a bit." Calla gave Mairi a withering look and she shook her head, taking Calla's hand gently. "Sorry. You just, you look worried. Even more worried than usual.""I'm fine," Calla lied, and gave Mairi a short smile, squeezing her hand gently. "I'll see you in the morning, alright?""Alright," Mairi said. "I'll walk you out."There was loud, thumping music coming from Andrew's room, and Mairi rolled her eyes as they passed, sending Calla an exasperated look. "Andrew!" she yelled. "Shut it!"Andrew yelled a very rude word in response, and Mairi's mum, with the hearing of a bat, scolded him from downstairs. Mairi grinned, and Calla smiled back, a little reassured. This was fine. It felt fine. So then why did she have that horrible feeling of foreboding in her stomach? It was even stronger than usual.Her vision darkened a little around the edges, her ears ringing, and she placed a hand against the wall. Mairi's hand went instantly to her arm, as she focused on breathing and squeezed her eyes shut. She was fine. This was fine.Calla tried to imagine herself leaning back, falling into memories and into her mind, but then she caught herself in fear. It jolted her forwards and she squeezed her eyes open and then widened them again, clenching a fist. "Calla?""Sorry," she said, hurrying down the stairs. "I just... felt a little bit faint.""It's probably just the hot weather," Mairi said uncertainly. "Do you need some water?""I'm fine," Calla insisted gently, shaking her head.They reached the door and she took Mairi's hand again, brushing her thumb over the back of her hand. She smiled gently, catching her eyes, and said, "I'll see you tomorrow."Mairi waved her off from the door, still looking confused, and Calla tried to smile back at her. Turning the corner, she could see Harry having what seemed to be an argument in the garden, just by the wide windows. That was not a good sign. She hurried towards them, sweeping her hair over her shoulder."We're not stupid, you know," Uncle Vernon spat at Harry, though his voice was low and Calla couldn't quite catch it all."Well, that's news to me," Harry said, and turned just in time to almost barge right into Calla."What's going on?" she asked, righting herself and standing by his side.Uncle Vernon's beady eyes turned on her. "And where have you come from? Sneaking around the streets again?""I was at my friend's house," she said, and Uncle Vernon scowled. "Shouldn't you be worried where your son is?""Our Dudley's where he wants to be," Aunt Petunia said, narrowing her eyes in dislike at Calla. "With his nice friends."Calla concealed her laugh. "Nice friends?" She shook her head. "Whatever. Come on, Harry.""We're not finished with you two!" Aunt Petunia said shrilly, but Calla was already dragging Harry away."You're in trouble now," Harry said."So are you." She rolled her eyes, sighing. "What happened?""Dunno. I thought I heard - it sounded like someone Apparating."Calla nodded. "I thought I heard that too. That's why I came back.""From Mairi's?" Harry was smirking lightly, and Calla sent him a glare, cheeks reddening."Shut up. Who Apparated?""No one. Not that I could see." He looked uncertain. "It might've just been a car backfiring.""Yeah," Calla said, just as uncertain. "It might've."But Harry still looked over his shoulder, as though expecting a wizard to suddenly pop out from thin air in the middle of Privet Drive. "I thought... I thought it might've been Remus."Calla sighed. "I'd hoped so, too." Harry scuffed the ground with the toe of his trainers, sending a stone skittering across it. "Your right sole's half tearing off," Calla remarked, and Harry stared down at the offending trainer."I know." He frowned. "But I was sure... Someone was there. Someone magical." Calla glanced at her brother. "Did you see anything?""I was at Mairi's.""No, but... Did you See anything?"She sighed, frowning. "No. I haven't. I told you I haven't seen anything in weeks.""Yeah. I just thought... You might've.""Well, I didn't," she said, shorter than she'd intended."Whoever it was," Harry said, looking over his shoulder again, "I want to know why they didn't speak to me.""What, you wonder why a wizard didn't just stroll up to the Dursleys' house to look for you in a flowerbed and tell you everything you've been wanting to know all Summer?" Harry glared at her, and Calla shrugged helplessly. "Maybe it's best they didn't see you. We don't know who..."She let her sentence hang unfinished in the air. Harry seemed to get it. "They wouldn't come to Privet Drive," he said, and to be fair, the idea of a fully masked Death Eater, or Voldemort, strolling up Privet Drive in the middle of a summer day was rather ridiculous. She laughed forcedly."Yeah. Yeah, you're right." She twirled her hair around her finger, before pulling it up into a high ponytail.Beside her, she could tell Harry was stewing over something. He'd been even worse the last couple of days since their birthday, as Hermione had written that she and Ron would see him soon, and this had prompted Harry to try and throw out the two boxes of chocolate frogs they'd sent him, and she'd had to rescue them from the garden below their window before they melted. He still hadn't eaten them."Have you heard anything from the others?" he asked her suddenly, and Calla shook her head."Not in the last three hours, no." With a sigh, she linked their arms together, nudging his shoulder. "We'll hear eventually.""The Summer's half done already. We should be with Remus and Sirius, or Ron and Hermione. We shouldn't be here, with them." He jerked his head backwards and Calla knew he meant the Dursleys. "It's... And Dumbledore still hasn't written anything to you, has he?"Calla shook her head, flushing. "I'm sure he's just busy," she said as lightly as she could, and Harry huffed. "He doesn't exactly have an easy job, does he?""Still," he muttered, and she smiled somewhat at his annoyance on her behalf. But she didn't know what she would do with herself if Dumbledore did write to her. She didn't know wat she would say. Even if they had to be with the Dursleys, there was a part of her that didn't want to go back to Hogwarts and be around magic, all the time. Didn't want to see Malfoy and Crabbe and Goyle and see the image of their fathers in the graveyard. Didn't want to look at the Hufflepuff Table and look for Cedric and not see him there. Didn't want to remember.They turned a corner into Magnolia Crescent, down a narrow, dimly lit alleyway of garages where they'd once seen Sirius in his dog form. There was no dog here now, only them and the sun, fading slowly. He'd been warning them, too, though mostly Harry. Saying they shouldn't be rash, which Calla sometimes thought just made Harry want to act more rashly. "I just don't get it," he was muttering. "I don't know why they can't just... Tell us. Even if we can't go to Remus and Sirius', I... Ron and Hermione are probably at the Burrow together. No, I know they are." He scowled as they crossed the road, headed towards the play park Dudley and his friends liked to wreck. "It's stupid.""Yup.""They tell me not to act rash," he muttered. "You're the one who tried to run away. And it was your idea to go to Diagon Alley.""I went for a walk," she mumbled in response. "And you wanted to go to Diagon Alley too, don't forget."Harry didn't reply, just untangled his arm from hers and picked up the pace toward the park fence. He climbed up and over it quite ungracefully, and Calla sighed, shaking her head as she did the same and dropped onto the tired, dry grass. Her brother was already striding across the park, caught in his thoughts. There was only one swing that Dudley and his gang had yet to break, and Harry sat on it moodily, while Calla hopped onto the creaky, stiff roundabout next to the swingset, her feet dragging on the ground as she shuffled herself slowly from side to side."There was nothing on the news," Harry said, and Calla wasn't surprised. If he had heard anything of note then he would have told her by now. "Some budgie's taken up water skiing to keep cool." He shook his head, clenching his fist. "They've no idea what's going on."Calla sighed in response. "I know the feeling."Harry laughed drily. "Yeah."There were no words between them for a long while more. Calla sat swinging tiredly from side to side, thinking. Her only visions recently had been in dreams, and even then she didn't know how to distinguish them from nightmares. Red eyes, snake scales, the terrifying feeling of being dropped down a great hole from which you're sure you can never escape. It scared her that she hadn't been able to make herself see anything properly in a while, only in her dreams. And yet, part of her didn't want to see anything, didn't want to know what was waiting in her future. Truth be told, she wasn't sure that she had much of a future. How long before Voldemort did make his return known? Until he came for her and Harry? Here, despite the visit from the girls and from the ever dwindling stream of letters, and from Harry's musing, she wasn't made to wonder and worry. She could just be. But she knew Harry would never be contented to simply be, to sit still while the world turned around him. It was driving them both crazy.She didn't know how long it was before he came to join her on the roundabout, staring at the ground, too. It creaked slowly as they used their feet to push it around, the specks of white and red in the black ground blurring and streaming, but they faded too eventually as they creeped around in slow circles, and as the sultry night fell around them. "Don't know how he can expect me to just sit here and do nothing forever," Harry said, more to the night than to Calla. She just shrugged, and he said nothing more as the faint, steady sound of ticking bike wheels penetrated through the air.When she glanced up she could see the silhouettes of Dudley's gang, him in the front as the largest, with the fanciest, most expensive racing bike. She scowled, eyes falling back to her lap as she heard the crude songs they were singing, the things they were saying, bragging about the boy they'd beaten up. She was glad Mairi's little brother had been at home all night.With a glance at Harry, she knew he'd seen them too. His mouth was set in a hard, angry line, and his eyes had the challenge in them that they always had when he was spoiling for a fight. "Leave them," she murmured, but it didn't stop his glare across the park. She was sure the gang could feel it, Harry's hatred, the dare in his eyes. He wanted a fight, wanted to take whatever frustration had been building in him, hot as this Summer, out on those boys. She cast him a cool look."We should get going," she said quietly once they'd gone out of sight. "Shouldn't get back later than Dudley, we're in trouble enough as it is.""Yeah," Harry muttered, getting to his feet and stretching. "They are stupid, though."Calla snorted, hopping off the roundabout. "You know I'd never disagree with you on that front, Harry."To her relief, her brother cracked a grin. "You know Sirius would have gone over there and picked a fight.""Yeah," she said, "probably. Except you're not Sirius, Sirius would probably still get beaten against eight boys bigger than he is, and he told you not to pick fights." Harry gave her a stony look, and she rolled her eyes. "Come on. It's getting late anyway."They set off quickly, and were still in rough hearing range of the gang of boys as they neared the park gate on Magnolia Road. They followed the sound of them, only seeing a little by the light of the few lampposts and by the muffled lights from surrounding houses. Dudley's gang slowed by the gate and Harry and Calla both slipped behind a lilac tree, listening out."Squealed like a pig, didn't he?" one of the boys, Malcolm, said, to laughs from the others."Nice right hook, Big D," said Piers, and Calla's stomach turned from memories of the days before magic when she and Harry had been Dudley and his gang's punching bags. She didn't want to know what would have happened if they hadn't gone to Hogwarts and descended far enough into 'freakish' to scare him off."Same time tomorrow?" Dudley said."Round mine," the shortest boy said, "my parents'll be out.""See you, then," said Dudley.The boys called their goodbyes to him as they departed, going off in different directions back home. Calla waited a few moments for the sounds of the boys' conversations to fade before she and Harry came out from behind the tree, following Dudley in the dark around the corner onto Magnolia Crescent. He was walking alone quite carelessly, humming without a care in the world for any Lord Voldemorts or Death Eaters, and certainly without a care for whatever little boy he'd beaten up tonight."Hey, Big D!" Harry called down the street, and Dudley turned."Oh," he grunted, eyes flicking between them, "it's you two.""And here I thought you'd be glad to see us, Dud," Calla said drily. He only glared back for a moment, before rolling his eyes."Nah, didn't you hear," Harry said, "it's Big D now, isn't it, Duds?""Shut it," Dudley snarled, turning away from them. Calla grinned."It's a cool name," Harry said conversationally. "But you know you're always Ickle Diddykins to us, right?""I said, SHUT IT!" Dudley shouted, clenching his hands into fists. Calla flinched, suddenly wishing she hadn't said anything. She tugged gently at Harry's arm."Don't the boys know that's what your mum calls you?""Shut your face.""You don't tell her to shut her face.""Harry," Calla cautioned, with a wary glance at Dudley. Her brother might not be scared at him any longer, but he was still bigger than them, and a boxing champion. She didn't fancy their chances if it came to blows, even if that was what Harry seemed to want at the moment."What about Popkins then?" Harry asked, smirking in a taunting way. "Or Dinky Diddydums? Can we use them, too?"Dudley kept silent, which Calla thought was a good thing, because if he had been less focused on the effort to do that, then he might have hit Harry. She took her brother's arm with a warning look, but he shrugged her off, his grin fading. "So who've you been beating up tonight? Another ten year old? I know you did Mark Evans a few nights ago-""He was asking for it," Dudley snarled, and Calla didn't believe him one bit."Oh, yeah?""He cheeked me.""I think you ought to learn the meaning of proportional violence. You know, being called a twat doesn't quite warrant a beating.""An' how'd you know," Dudley muttered."Ah, I have my tricks," Calla told him lightly, just enough to see the flicker of disconcertation on her cousin's face.But Dudley seemed very concentrated on not doing anything. She could tell that wasn't what Harry wanted, but she shook her head slowly at him as they fell into step, winding down the alley between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk. "Think you're a big man carrying that thing, don't you?" Dudley asked after a second."What thing?""That - that thing you are holding."Calla knew he meant Harry's wand. Hers was in the pocket of her light cardigan, stretching its ends, but it was there. "Not as stupid as you look, are you, Dud?" Harry prodded on. "But I s'pose, if you were, you wouldn't be able to walk and talk at the same time."He pulled out his wand and though she sighed, Calla's hand want to hers, too. "You're not allowed," Dudley said immediately. "I know you're not. You'll get in trouble with those - your lot. It's against your rules. You'd get expelled from that freak school you go to.""How d'you know the rules haven't changed, Big D?""They haven't." He didn't sound very certain. "I know they haven't." Harry laughed softly. "You haven't got the guts to take me on without that thing, have you?" Calla shot Dudley a glare, but he just laughed at her. "And you don't have the guts to take me on with it.""And you need four mates to back you up just to take on a ten year old," Harry retorted. "Quite the big man, aren't you? You know that boxing title you keep blazing on about? How old was your opponent? Seven? Eight?""He was sixteen, for your information," Dudley snarled in return. "And he was out cold for twenty minutes after I was done with him. And he was twice as heavy as the two of you out together. You just wait till I tell Dad you had that thing out.""Running to Daddy, are you? Ickle boxing champ frightened of nasty Harry's wand?""Not this brave at night, are you?" Dudley sneered, and Calla swore her blood went cold just thinking about it."This is night, Diddykins," Harry said, not catching on, "that's what we call it when it gets all dark.""Harry," Calla murmured feebly. It was beginning to get colder. That feeling of foreboding returned to the pit of her stomach and started to clamber up into her chest."I mean when you're in bed!" Dudley snarled."Shut up," Calla whispered to Dudley, shaking her head, and he laughed. "Stop it." Terror crept over her skin. She could feel... Something. Approaching. A low hissing, a ringing in her ears that was distant but getting louder, closer. Something was wrong, she could feel it on the air."What d'you mean?" Harry asked, frowning. "I'm not so brave when I'm in bed? What, do you think I'm scared of my pillow.""I heard you last night," Dudley said breathlessly. "And I've heard you, too, shouting. And moaning, in your sleep.""Boys," Calla said softly, "I think we should get home."But no one was listening. The colour seemed to drain from Harry's face. "What are you on about, Dudley?""Don't kill Cedric! Don't kill Cedric! Who's Cedric, your boyfriend?""Shut up," Calla said, louder this time, and nerves are up her throat. She could feel something coming. "Shut up, Dudley! Both of you, listen to me, we have to""And you. You're even scared of bloody shadows these days. You're a nutter, screaming in your sleep. Don't touch me, don't touch me! Don't let him touch me! Help me! He's going to kill me!"Calla went cold even while her blood seemed to run more furiously hot than ever. She was shaking all over. "Shut up," she spat out, eyes burning. Did she really do that, cry that? She couldn't remember her nightmare from last night yet still she knew it, knew it was from that night in the graveyard. "Shut up, you don't know anything!""Oh, is little Calla crying? Is little Calla scared from her nightmares? Don't hurt me, don't take me, please! Oh, help me, Dad! He's going to kill us, Dad! Boo hoo!""Dudley," Harry said in a low voice, "I'm warning you.""Come and help me, Dad! Mum, come and help! We're going to die, Calla's going to die! He's killed Cedric! Calla can't-"She didn't realise she'd moved until she lunged forward, her fingernails scraping Dudley's cheek. She was hardly enough to knock him off his feet, only surprise him rough to stumble against the wall, and he'd raised his fist quick enough that she was sure, for a terrifying second that he was going to punch her lights out, but then he let out a shriek and scrambled back."You don't know anything!" she screamed, quite forgetting her earlier fear as her nails scrabbled against his skin. He shoved her off as she yelled, "You don't know anything you're talking about, Dudley, you don't"His fist came roaring towards her face and she ducked out of the way just in time, only to hit the wall, hard. Pain raced through her shoulder."Don't you point that thing at me!"She shook as she reached for her own wand, at the same time lunging for Dudley. But Harry had him backed against the wall as he hauled Calla back up to her feet, and she raised her wand feebly at him, too, her heart pounding. Harry didn't speak of exactly what their parents' spirits had said in the graveyard. It was one thing she'd never wanted to press him on. And she knew the fury that was crackling his eyes, and she knew the terrified anger that coursed through her, too, at the reminder of what almost was. A cold wind blew down the street."Don't ever talk about that again," Harry snarled, the tip of his wand pointed at Dudley's heart. "Do you understand me?""Point that thing somewhere else!"Calla raised her wand to press against his cheek, hands shaking. He let out a whimper and it felt good to scare him, and Calla didn't know if she should fall back or press it further against his skin. Anger boiled under her skin."I said, do you understand me?""Point it somewhere else! Get her away from me!""I SAID, DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME!""GET THOSE THINGS AWAY FROM-"Dudley took in a deep, shuddering gasp, and Calla felt it too. Cold crept over her arms and shoulders and she fumbled around her wand, falling back. Anger gave way to terror that gripped her chest. That familiar fear trickled into her stomach like icy water, and she looked up to the feeble stars. They seemed to have gone out, or had dark clouds swept over them. All the light and warmth seemed to have gone from the world around them. A whisper echoed in her mind, a sound she tried desperately to push out."Harry," she said, throat dry. "Dudley. We need to go. Something's coming." She stowed her wand away. "Now. We have to go now."She didn't need to see to know what was coming. She knew it in her bones, in her truest and most terrifying memories. That feeling of nothingness, all her strength dripping away, of falling and never finding the bottom. "W-what are you doing?" Dudley's terrified voice asked, breaking the silence, and Calla stuffed her wand back into her pocket. The boys weren't moving and this wasn't something she thought she could fight, not now. "St-stop it!""I'm not doing anything! Shut up and don't move!""No," Calla said, grabbing Harry in one hand and Dudley in the other. "No, no, Harry, we have to move. Now, we have to go."But Harry didn't move. "Wh-What's going on?" Dudley whimpered, and Calla tried to tug him away from the wall so he could run, but he seemed frozen against it in terror. Her legs trembled against the intense cold."We have to go," she repeated, voice shaking. She pulled Harry back, to by her side, and stared into the thick, empty darkness. But it wasn't empty. The cold in her stomach turned icier, bitter and brittle. "Come on.""Calla, I'm trying to listen-""To who?" Calla whispered, and jolted Dudley to stand behind her, though she knew she would be a terrible shield. "Harry, Harry... It's them."This was worse than her worst fear. This was her worst fear returning ten times as strong, this was her worst fear weighing down on her and shattering this one warm month of normalcy. "What - what did you do?" Dudley asked."It wasn't us," Calla whispered, and moved backwards, shaking. "This... It's these things, Dementors. I can feel them. But they can't..." That voice whispered trough her mind like the icy wind. Mine. You will be mine. Something, somewhere in the alleyway, was drawing long, hoarse, rattling breaths. And she knew. She knew this, but all of a sudden it was like she couldn't move anymore."C-cut it out!" Dudley said, and snatched his hand away from Calla. "Stop doing it! I'll - I'll hit you, I'll do you both! I'll d-do it!""Dudley, shut up!"Calla panted, icy terror clawing at her chest. Her head felt heavy and numb, and her every instinct was telling her to get out and to get out now. In an effort to run, Calla grabbed Dudley's hand and twisted feebly, but she could feel that same terror weighing her down and she stumbled, sprawling onto the ground."Stop it," she mumbled, hearing a heavy thud above her, Harry yelling as he landed on the ground next to her."You moron, Dudley!" he yelled. "Calla are you-""Get up," she muttered, forcing herself to sit. Her arms shook with the effort."Dudley, come back! You're running right at it!"There was a horrid, creeping chill trickling down Calla's spine. Her head clouded with ice, and she dazedly put a hand to her wand, but she couldn't take it out. Terror clamped around her, as she heard that rattling breath, the cold wind blowing against her skin. "Dudley, keep your mouth shut!" Harry was yelling frantically. "Whatever you do, keep your mouth shut! Wand! Where's - where's my wand! Lumos!"A faint white light illuminated the ground and Harry grabbed Calla by the hand, hauling her upright. She swayed a little on her legs. "There's more of them," Harry whispered, his face pale in the light.Calla didn't dare to look up. She knew they were coming anyway. Knew they were coming for her. What had he said in that graveyard? The Dementors would join him. Again she tried to run, but now she couldn't move at all. Harry stumbled backwards, raising his wand, and Calla tried to get her own but couldn't. "Expecto patronum!"She concentrated very hard on moving, on forcing herself to take her wand out of her pocket, to try and defend herself. But no words would come to her cold lips. Instead, she ran, towards Dudley, screaming as she tried to grab his arms. The Dementor followed and its icy breath rattled against her flesh. "Run!" she choked out, shoving Dudley away.Her hand clenched cold around her wand. She stumbled backwards again, concentrating on keeping herself from dropping her wand as her legs shook, as she tripped over her own feet again, and fell hard onto the ground, scrambling desperately away."Expecto patronum!"A wisp of silver smoke came from the end of Harry's wand.Calla raised her wand and screamed, "Expecto patronum!" For a moment, nothing happened; and then something burned through her chest, white-hot and painful, racing up her wand arm. Another scream wrenched from her throat.Mine, I will take it. Stand aside. There is no use in fighting me. Do as I wish, bow to me."No, no, no." She was going to die here, she thought suddenly, and a sob choked her. She was going to die, she couldn't move, either they would take her or she would be left forever, left to rot and die. She couldn't move. Her brother's silhouette dimmed, and she couldn't hear him, not anymore. It slipped away from her.The next thing she knew Harry was holding her up against her side, her face buried in his shoulder. Her breath came back all at once and she was sure she would choke as she made herself breathe. Breathe. Breathe. You're alive, she reminded herself, forcing her eyes to open. Her feet dragged on the ground, Harry was hauling her down the alleyway, to where Dudley lay, shaking and whimpering. Someone was already with him, trying to move him. She blinked in confusion, eyes adjusting. The person with Dudley looked up, and Calla stared at Mrs Figg, her batty, cat lady neighbour. "Oh, you poor girl," she said as she looked at Calla, who was again struggling to breathe. "I am going to kill Mundungus Fletcher!"

It took her brain a minute to catch up and acknowledge that yes, there had been Dementors in Little Whinging, and yes, that was Mrs Figg trying to get Dudley to stand up. Because he had been attacked. By Dementors. In Little Whinging."What?""He left!" Mrs Figg looked very anxious, trying to heave Dudley on her own, so Harry apologetically left Calla to stand a moment while he helped, and slung one of Dudley's arms over his shoulders. She swayed a little on the spot, leaning against the wall. "Left, to see someone about a load of cauldrons that fell off the back of a broomstick! I told him I'd flay him alive if he went, and now look! Dementors! Here! Oh, it's just a good thing I put Mr Tibbles on the case - can you imagine! But we haven't got time to stand around! Hurry, now, we've got to get you two back! Oh, the trouble this is going to cause! I will kill him!""Great," Calla said feebly, as Mrs Figg came over to her, helping her to stand upright."Are you alright, my dear? Not going to faint again? You gave me an awful fright when I saw you on the ground like that, I can't tell you."Calla flushed. So she had fainted, again, in the Dementors' presence. Meanwhile Harry, from the looks of things, had fought them off. She winced, her mind still reeling.Mrs Figg knew what Dementors were, somehow. Their weird, cat-loving, cabbage-eating Privet Drive neighbour, knew about Dementors."Are you a witch?" she asked, though she couldn't quite believe that."A witch? No, no, I'm a squib." Oh. That made a bit more sense. Though it didn't explain what on earth was going on. Was she someone Remus knew, one of the people keeping an eye on the twins? "Which Mundungus knows full well, so how on Earth was I meant to help you fight off Dementors? He left you completely without cover when I'd warned him-""This Mundungus has been following us?" Harry asked. "Hang on, it was him who Disapparated in front of our house?""Yes, Yes, yes. But luckily I'd stationed Mr Tibbles under a car just in case - I couldn't be too careful after you ran off a few weeks ago and heavens wasn't Dumbledore furious - and Mr Tibbles came to warn me, but by the time I'd reached your house you'd gone! And now - oh, what is Dumbledore going to say?""You know Dumbledore?" Harry asked, eyes wide."Of course I know Dumbledore, who doesn't know Dumbledore?" But she was in contact with Dumbledore. Which was more than Calla could say for herself or her brother right now. Was Mrs Figg in the Order of the Phoenix? No. That would be ridiculous. Wouldn't it? But she'd known they'd run away. But she was their weird cat lady neighbour. It was too strange to think of. "But come on, I'll be no help if they come back, I've never so much as Transfigured a teabag!"Harry tried to get Dudley standing upright, though he still looked on the verge of fainting; his eyes were rolling back in his head, and his face was pale and sweaty. He swayed dangerously on the spot, and Mrs Figg hurried back over. Calla braced herself, chest cold and shaky, but she knew she could make herself walk back to Privet Drive."Keep your wands out," Mrs Figg said as they started back down the dim alleyway. "Never mind the Statute of Secrecy now, there's going to be hell to pay anyway, we may as well be hanged for a dragon as an egg. Talk about the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery... This is exactly what Dumbledore was worried about! Who's that at the bottom of the street? Oh, it's just Mr Prentice. Don't put your wand away, boy, don't I keep telling you I'm no good?"Harry seemed to be struggling with carrying Dudley and holding his wand at the same time; though he gave Dudley an abrupt poke in the chest, he just let out a grunt and made no other effort to move himself. Calla supposed, for it to be his first encounter with the Dementors, and being a Muggle, he would be very affected... But then again, most people she knew didn't faint. What had freaked Dudley out so much, when he'd been with the Dementors, that had caused him to have such a severe reaction?"Why didn't you tell us you're a squib, Mrs Figg?" Harry asked. His voice sounded strained. "All those times we were round your house - why did you never say anything?""Dumbledore's orders. Same as with her godfather." Mrs Figg nodded abruptly to Calla. "I was to keep an eye on you but not to tell you anything, you were too young. He didn't want you to know anything until the right time. I'm sorry I gave you both such a miserable time, but I didn't think the Dursleys would have let you come if they thought you were enjoying yourself. It wasn't easy, you know... Oh my word. Course, you just had to go running off the other week there! Heavens, I didn't know what to think when the Knight Bus left with you. And when Dumbledore hears about this - how could Mundungus have left, he was supposed to be on duty until midnight! Where is he? How am I going to tell Dumbledore what happened? I can't Apparate.""I have an owl," Calla said. "So does Harry.""An owl is no use!" Mrs Figg told her. "Dumbledore will need to act as soon as possible! The Ministry have their own ways of detecting magic, they'll know already, you mark my words!""But I had to get rid of the Dementors," Harry protested, "I had to use magic. I'm sure they'll be more concerned with why there were Dementors running about Little Whinging than my using magic!""Oh, my dear, I wish it were so, but I'm afraid - MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER, I AM GOING TO KILL YOU!"There was another loud crack and Calla jumped back. The strong smell of alcohol filled the air, mingled with tobacco smoke. Calla wrinkled her nose as a short, unshaven man appeared in front of them, with straggly ginger hair and sunken eyes. He was clutching an Invisibility Cloak, too, Calla realised - that was how he had been following them without them noticing. "S'up, Figgy?" he asked, glancing between Mrs Figg, Harry, and Calla, and then on the clammy Dudley. "What happened to staying undercover?""I'll give you undercover!" Mrs Figg cried loudly. It was quite frightening. "Dementors, you skiving, sneak thief!""Dementors?" Mundungus repeated, going pale. He looked quite aghast. "Dementors?""Yes, here, you worthless pile of bat droppings, here! Dementors attacking the children on your watch!""Blimey," Mundungus said, looking between them. "Blimey, I-""And you off buying stolen cauldrons! Didn't I tell you not to go! Didn't I?""I - well, I - it was a good business opportunity!" Mundungus looked very uncomfortable. "I had to go, Didn't I?"Mrs Figg whacked him with her string bag. Calla gasped, caught on a laugh, as from the clanking sound inside it seemed the bag was full of tins of cat food. "Oi! Oi, geroff, you mad old bat! Someone's got to tell Dumbledore!""Yes!" Mrs Figg cried, still hitting him with the bag of cat food. "And - it - had - better - be - you - and - you - can - tell - him - exactly - why - you - weren't - there - to - help!""Keep your hairnet on!" Mundungus cried, cowering with his hands over his head. "I'll go, I'll go!"With another loud crack, he vanished into thin air. "I hope Dumbledore murders him!" Mrs Figg said furiously. "Come on now," she said as they turned into Privet Drive, "hurry up. I'll walk the two of you to the door, just in case there are more of them... Oh my word, what a catastrophe... And you had to fight them off all by yourself!" Calla knew she only meant Harry. Her cheeks flared with embarrassment again, only proving what she'd been worrying about all Summer. She couldn't even fight the Dementors like her brother did; she'd just fainted. "... and Dumbledore said we were to keep you from doing magic at all costs... Well, it's no good crying over spilt potion, I suppose... but the cat's among the pixies now...""So," Harry panted, "Dumbledore's still having us followed then. How come-""Of course he has," Mrs Figg said impatiently. "Did you expect him to let you two just wander around on your own after what happened last June? Good Lord, boy, and they told me you were intelligent. Right... get inside and stay there," she said, as they arrived at the door of Number Four. "I expect someone will be in touch with you soon.""What are you going to do?""I'm going straight home," Mrs Figg said. "I'll need to wait for more instructions. Now, Harry, Calla, you stay in the house. Goodnight.""Don't go yet!" Harry called, but Mrs Figg was already retreating down the garden path into the dark street. "You have to tell..."He trailed off and Calla sent him a helpless look. "Come on," she said quietly, helping her brother to heave Dudley up path and the steps. She stowed her wand away now, certain the Dursleys would be furious enough to see them without her having it out. She rang the doorbell, stepping back into shadow.Aunt Petunia's form grew larger behind the door, illuminated by the hall light. "Diddy! About time, too, I was getting quite - quite - Diddy, what's the matter?"Calla ducked away from Dudley just in time. He swayed on the spot, looking pale and green, and then lurched forwards and promptly threw up onto the doorstep. She exchanged a glance with Harry as Aunt Petunia shrieked, Uncle Vernon blustering down the hall. "He's ill, Vernon!"Calla slipped to the side in the relative darkness as the Dudley's attempted to get Dudley back to his feet. "What is it, son? What's happened? Did Mrs Polkiss give you something foreign for tea?""Why are you all covered in dirt, darling? Have you been lying on the ground?""Hang on - you haven't been mugged, have you, son?"Aunt Petunia screamed. Calla thought it quite unlikely that Dudley would be the one getting mugged. "Phone the police, Vernon!" Aunt Petunia shrieked. "Phone the police! Diddy, darling, speak to Mummy! What did they do to you?"None of them seemed to notice Harry or Calla, which suited them perfectly. The twins slipped inside just before Uncle Vernon shut the door and made a silent run for it up the stairs."What is going on?" Calla whispered once they'd closed the door behind them, shaking. She already had a fairly good idea what was going on - and who had sent the Dementors - but clung to the irrational and improbable hope that she was wrong."The Ministry'll know I've done magic," Harry said quickly. His face was white. For a moment they both stood still, in silence, before Harry snapped into action and started flinging clothes into his trunk. "We have to make a run for it. You heard what Remus said, they want an excuse to get us in trouble, I'll go to Azkaban-""You can't go to Azkaban," Calla said quickly, breath catching. "I mean - it was self-defense!" She grabbed his arm. "We can't leave. At least write to Remus first, Mrs Figg said-""YOU TWO!" Uncle Vernon's voice boomed furiously up the stairs and Calla jumped, hitting her shoulder against the wardrobe and wincing. Her heart hammered. "GET DOWN HERE AT ONCE!"Calla shut her eyes. She wanted to sleep. With a quick look at Harry, she darted down to kneel, and rooted around under the bed for their stash of chocolate frogs. "NOW!" Uncle Vernon roared, as she mercilessly tore off the packaging and broke off a leg, effectively stopping her frog's magical movements. She stuffed another in her pocket, handed Harry a leg to chew on, and darted back downstairs before their uncle could get any more furious.They were all standing in the kitchen, which was almost glitteringly clean. Dudley was green and clammy-looking, sitting motionless in a chair with his mother fussing around him. Uncle Vernon stood in front of the draining board, glaring at Calla and Harry through narrowed eyes. "What have you done to him, boy?" he snarled at Harry."Nothing," Harry said. Calla surreptitiously bit off another small piece of chocolate frog, feeling the warmth return to her."Then it was you." Uncle Vernon's eyes narrowed in hatred at Calla."What did he do to you, Diddy?" Aunt Petunia asked shrilly, sponging sick from the front of Dudley's t-shirt. "Was it - was it you-know-what, darling? Did he use his thing? Did she? I told you to be careful, Diddy, they aren't quite right - but what have you done to him?"Dudley nodded slowly. "We didn't!" Harry said hotly. "We didn't do anything to him, it wasn't us, it was-"A screech owl flew in through the window and dropped a large letter at Harry's feet. Calla stared at it, following the owl as it flew over the fridge and zoomed out of the window again into the sky. The tension in the room was tight. The last time an owl had flown into Uncle Vernon's kitchen, he had ended up sending them all to a rocky, remote island in the middle of the sea. Calla didn't really want to go there again."OWLS!" he bellowed, breaking the silence. The vein in his forehead looked close to popping as he slammed the window shut. "OWLS! AGAIN! I WILL NOT HAVE ANY MORE OWLS IN THIS HOUSE!"Calla ignored what he said, and slipped across the room to the table where Dudley was sitting. "Here," Calla said tiredly, and took a wrapped chocolate frog from her pocket, handing it to Aunt Petunia, who shrieked and flung it onto the floor. "It's chocolate! It helps.""He will not be having - chocolate - chocolate frogs!" Aunt Petunia said shrilly."It's just the shape," she said, scooping it off of the floor. She thought it best not to reveal the animation charm. "But chocolate does help, I swear it does. You need to give him some."Aunt Petunia glared at her. "Help? Helps with what? Dudley is on a strict boxing diet!"That wasn't what she'd said when he was pigging out on ice cream. "It-""And where do you think you're going?" Uncle Vernon yelled, and Calla turned sharply to see Harry frozen in the action making his way out of the kitchen, his hand on his wand. "I hadn't finished with you, boy!""Get out of the way." She caught Harry's eye questioningly, and he held up his letter numbly. She rose to her feet, leaving the chocolate frog on the table, moving slowly and carefully towards her brother."You're going to stay here and you're going to explain what has happened to my son!""If you don't get out of the way, I'm going to jinx you," Harry said, raising his wand."Harry," Calla muttered cautiously. "Be careful.""You can't pull that one on me!" Uncle Vernon yelled. "I know you're not allowed to use it outside that madhouse you call a school!""The madhouse has chucked me out," Harry said, and cold trickled back into Calla's stomach. He had been expelled? This was why Dumbledore didn't want him using magic, he knew the Ministry would expel him. But surely, that decision lay with Dumbledore? They couldn't expel him. They just couldn't. And it was self defense. "I can do whatever I like." Harry jerked his head, beckoning for Calla to follow him, and she moved numbly, legs frozen. What would they do? If her brother did a runner, she'd join him - the Dursleys would be even more furious with her if she didn't anyway - but where would they go? They didn't even know where Remus and Sirius were living, or how to reach the Burrow or Padma's house, and though Calla knew Daphne was staying somewhere in London, London was a very big place - and she doubted the Greengrasses would appreciate them showing up on their doorstep in the middle of the house. "I'll give you three seconds," Harry threatened Uncle Vernon, whose eyes were fixed again on Calla, a thunderous vein bulging in his forehead. "Three - two - one."A loud CRACK sound filled the kitchen. Calla jumped again, and Aunt Petunia shrieked. A rather unfortunate owl had just collided with the window and was lying dazedly on the kitchen sill. "OWLS!" Uncle Vernon yelled, waving his fists, as Calla and Harry both darted over to the window. "OWLS!"Calla wrenched the window open and Harry tore the letter from the owl's leg. Calla frowned and stroked the top of the owl's head softly before it fluttered off again. She glanced over Harry's shoulder to read the latest letter.Harry -Dumbledore's just arrived at the Ministry and he's trying to sort things out. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE'S HOUSE. DO NOT DO ANY MORE MAGIC. DO NOT LET CALLA DO ANY MAGIC OR LEAVE. DO NOT SURRENDER YOUR WAND. EITHER OF YOU.Arthur WeasleyCalla breathed out a sigh of relief. Dumbledore would sort this mess out, she knew - she knew he wouldn't let the Ministry expel Harry. There had to be a rule... It was the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, after all. Supposedly."Right," Harry said after a short moment. "I've changed my mind. We're staying."He flung himself down into the seat at the kitchen table opposite Dudley and Aunt Petunia. Calla followed suit, quietly watching as Dudley retched into a pail. "I meant it about the chocolate," she said, sliding it closer. "It will help. Releases all these Happiness hormones and things, fights the effects of the Dementors. Very scientific," she added, hoping her aunt would prefer a Muggle explanation. "It'll help him feel better." She wrinkled her nose, adding, "Once he's stopped retching."Aunt Petunia stared at her. Uncle Vernon was going very purple. "What are you nattering on about? And who are all these ruddy owls from?" he growled."The first one was from the Ministry of Magic, expelling me," Harry explained, surprisingly patient. "The second one was from my friend Ron's dad, who works at the Ministry.""Ministry of Magic?" Uncle Vernon bellowed, looking outraged. "You mean there are people like you in government? Oh, this explains everything, everything, no wonder the country's going to the dogs!" Calla hid a weak sort of smile; she'd thought before that Uncle Vernon would be horrified at the thought of Wizarding government. "And why have you been expelled?""Because I did magic," Harry explained."AHA!" Uncle Vernon slammed his fists down on the fridge, and Calla flinched at the sound. "So you admit it! What did you do to Dudley?""Nothing," Harry said, slightly less calm. "That wasn't me.""Her, then!" Uncle Vernon shouted, whirling on Calla, who despite herself, cowered back. "What did you do, girl?""I - I didn't - do anything, either," Calla said, rather feebly. She grimaced. "It wasn't us.""Was," Dudley said rather unexpectedly, but he was looking at Calla, not Harry."Go on, son," Uncle Vernon said, flapping his large hands at Calla to shut her up. She glared. "What did they do?""Tell us, darling.""He pointed his wand at me," Dudley muttered."Yeah, but I didn't do anything with it!""SHUT UP!" Uncle Vernon yelled. "Go on, son.""She - she tried to hit me." Calla couldn't dispute that, but she still shook her head vehemently. "Then... All went dark. Then she tried to ... push me.""I was trying to get you away!" Calla insisted, cheeks reddening. "You were running right towards the things, I was trying to help you!""Then I heard th-things inside my head."Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia both looked utterly horrified by this proclamation. Calla took the ensuing silence as an opportunity to offer Dudley the chocolate frog again, and had some of her own to prove it was not a ploy to poison him. He regarded her very warily, and she nodded intently for him to eat it, and she supposed he was enough of himself that chocolate was still appealing."What sort of things did you hear, Popkin?" Aunt Petunia asked, white faced and trembling. She probably thought Dudley was going mad.But Dudley didn't seem able to speak. He finally unwrapped the chocolate frog, and Calla was surprised to see his hands shaking as he did so. The frog made a very feeble leap, but Aunt Petunia shrieked at it all the same, batting it right towards Calla. She flinched, catching the frog, and broke off a leg before she gave it back to Dudley. "Eat it.""YOU WILL NOT ORDER HIM ABOUT, GIRL!"She still looked at Dudley, silently urging him to just get over it and try some of the chocolate. He looked terribly shaken and though she couldn't bring herself to quite feel bad for him, she didn't like his feeble, ill appearance. "You'll feel better," she whispered, making her voice as soft and reassuring as she could, even though it still trembled over the words. "Promise."Dudley broke a bit of the frog's leg and raised it to his mouth before Aunt Petunia could stop him. Calla sat back, nodding. Uncle Vernon looked outraged, and Calla thought for a moment he was going to storm over there, but Dudley shook his head, a bit of the colour coming back into his face. So Uncle Vernon seemed to change tack - though he still kept his glare fixed on Calla. "How come you fell over, son?" he asked in an unnaturally quiet voice."Tripped," Dudley said. "And then-"He gestured to his chest helplessly. Calla nodded in understanding. That was where Dementors affected her most, where she could feel the cold seep in and rattle her bones. "Horrible," Dudley croaked. "Really cold.""Okay," Uncle Vernon said as though he were forcing herself to remain calm, which was, for Uncle Vernon, an extraordinarily difficult feat to accomplish. "What happened then, Dudders?""Felt..." Dudley seemed to struggle to find his words. "Felt... like... it felt like... felt like...""The worst feeling in the world," Calla said quietly. "Hopeless."Harry looked at her. "It felt like you'd never be happy again.""Yes," Dudley whispered, still trembling. He met Calla's eyes, an absent horror reflected in his own. What had he seen? Calla wondered."So?" Uncle Vernon said, straightening up. "So. You attack Dudley, and then you put some - some crackpot - trick - on him so that he'd think he was - he was doomed or something, did you?""How many times do we have to tell you?" Harry asked, voice rising. His cheeks were going red with frustration. "It wasn't us! It was a couple of Dementors!""A couple of - what's this codswallop!""De - men - tors," Harry said slowly. "Two of them.""And what the ruddy hell are Dementors?""They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban."Calla turned sharply to stare at Aunt Petunia, who was clutching her hands to her mouth as though she had just sworn. Her head spun. She knew about Dementors? About Azkaban? Had Calla's mother told her, had they once shared things like that, had Lily told Petunia stories about the Wizarding World, even as it grew darker, even as they moved on? Had she told her about Dementors?"How d'you know that?" Harry asked her, sounding astonished.Aunt Petunia's gaze went to Uncle Vernon almost fearfully, and apologetically. She was pale, shaking a little. "I heard - that awful boy - telling her - about them."Her. Calla's Mother. Lily. She stared. And then, when Aunt Petunia said 'the awful boy'... "If you mean our mum and dad," Harry said loudly, "why don't you use their names?"Calla stared between them. Aunt Petunia was silent as though she were terrified of letting anything more slip. Uncle Vernon opened and closed his mouth, as though he was stuck and trying to figure out something to say. Dudley just looked around feebly, and Calla sat in the seat next to him, watching now that her uncle seemed less inclined to throw them out the window."So," Uncle Vernon croaked, "so - these - these - they - er - they - er - these - they actually exist - er - these - Dementy - watsits?" Aunt Petunia nodded numbly.Uncle Vernon looked rather as though he had expected this to be all some great practical joke - an April Fool in the middle of August. When no one else spoke, to contradict him, he opened his mouth again, but was spared from speaking as another owl zoomed through the window, landed on the table like a furry cannonball, and paused for barely five seconds so that Harry could untie its letter before zooming back out of the window. Now Uncle Vernon looked like he was about to go ballistic."Enough - effing - owls!" he muttered, storming over the window and slamming it shut again.Ignoring him, Calla hurried over again and read Harry's letter.Further to our letter of approximately twenty two minutes ago, the Ministry of Magic has revised its decision to destroy your wand forthwith. You may retain your wand until your disciplinary hearing on the twelfth of August at which time an official decision will be made.Following discussions with the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the Ministry has decided that the matter of your expulsion will also be decided at this hearing. You should therefore consider yourself suspended from school pending further enquiries.With best wishes,Yours sincerely,Mafalda HopkirkImproper Use of Magic OfficeMinistry of MagicCalla sagged in relief. Harry's eyes tracked over the parchment multiple times before he seemed to take it in. He wasn't expelled. Not yet, anyways, but Calla was sure he couldn't be. Magic was permitted in certain high stakes situations; she was sure a Dementor attack came under that."Well?" Uncle Vernon asked, glaring at them. "What now? Have they sentenced you to anything? Have your lot got the death penalty?"Calla glared at him. "He's just got to go to a disciplinary hearing," she said before Harry did. "And no, we do not. It was outlawed in 1707."Uncle Vernon seemed willing to ignore this fact. "So they'll sentence him there, then?""I suppose so," Harry said. He caught Calla's eye, and she could tell he was greatly relieved by this."I won't give up hope, then," Uncle Vernon said, and Calla glared at him harder."Well, if that's all," said Harry, getting to his feet. Calla made to follow, but was interrupted by Uncle Vernon's loud yell."NO, IT RUDDY WELL IS NOT ALL!" he bellowed. "SIT BACK DOWN!""What now?""DUDLEY! I WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO MY SON!""FINE!" Harry yelled. Red and gold sparks flew from the end of his wand, a sure sign of his temper. Calla gave him a calming look, mouthed 'let me handle it' and then she turned to Uncle Vernon."What do you want to know?" she asked as pleasantly as she could."WHAT DO I WANT TO KNOW? WHAT HAPPENED TO DUDLEY? WHAT DID THESE - THESE DEMENTEES DO?"She flinched at his words, but nodded slowly and spoke. "The three of us - Harry, Dudley and I - we - we were all walking between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk. In the alleyway, the shortcut. Dudley..." She didn't want to admit to what he had said. "Dudley was Teasing us, and there was a minor altercation but absolutely no magic involved And... And then I did try to get him to stop, to stop him speaking, but I didn't touch him." She tried her best to keep her voice measured. "I could sense the Dementors approaching." She flushed. "I believe my godfather told you I have. I can sometimes See the future," Uncle Vernon's face went a purple shade again, "and I didn't see it but I could feel something was wrong. Something was coming. So I tried to warn the boys away, but it was too late. And Harry did pull his wand out and so did I, but - but we didn't use them on Dudley. And then two of the Dementors appeared.""But what - what are Dementoids?" Uncle Vernon demanded furiously. "What do they DO?""I told you," Harry said, "they suck all the happiness out of you. And if they get the chance, they kiss you.""Kiss you?" Uncle Vernon's eyes seemed to be popping out of his head, outraged by the thought. Calla flinched back. "Kiss you?""It's what they call it when they suck out your soul.""Harry," Calla whispered scoldingly as Aunt Petunia shrieked. "That was a bit blunt.""But he-" Aunt Petunia was gasping, "but he's still got - they didn't take his soul!"She seized Dudley by the soul and started shaking him furiously. Calla watched in alarm. "They've not got his soul," she told Aunt Petunia, quietly but firmly. "If they had, we would know. They're horrible things, but we have dealt with them before. Dudley has had a powerful reaction but he will be okay, I promise. You just have to give him some more chocolate. It does help.Aunt Petunia looked very much like she hated the idea of listening to Calla's suggestion. But she held her gaze and after a moment, Aunt Petunia seemed to bow to the fact that Calla knew far better than she did what she was doing, and if she had no other reason to think chocolate would harm her son, she was willing to do whatever she needed to help him. She stuffed a large chunk of chocolate into Dudley's mouth."Fought 'em off, did you, son?" Uncle Vernon was asking, as though he was trying and struggling to bring back a sense of normalcy. "Give 'em the old one two?""You can't give Dementors the old one two," Harry said exasperatedly."Why is he okay then?" Uncle Vernon blustered, as Dudley chewed morosely on the chocolate and Aunt Petunia fussed over him. "Why isn't he all empty, then?""Because I used the Patronus-"A fourth owl had just shot out of the fireplace. It landed on the floor, covered in soot, and Aunt Petunia screamed again. "FOR GOD'S SAKE!" Uncle Vernon roared. "I WILL NOT HAVE OWLS HERE, I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS, I TELL YOU!"But Harry was already taking the letter from the owl's leg, looking rather excited, like he thought this letter would hold all of the answers he wanted. Calla hoped it might be from Remus, telling them he was coming to pick them up, but it was Sirius' writing on the front. Still, that did not deter her. "What does it say?" she whispered, as Harry unrolled the paper.It was a very short note. Arthur has just told Remus and I what happened. Don't leave the house, whatever you do.Her heart sank somewhat. "That's it?"Harry turned the paper over, and over again, and then back to the blank side, double checking there was nothing else written. Calla had thought that maybe, just maybe, someone would be coming to get them. Someone, she thought with an extra hint of bitterness, who should have gotten them before they'd been attacked by the Dementors. Both Sirius and Mr Weasley's letters had a certain element of a telling off. Like they shouldn't have done anything and shouldn't have gone outside. Calla wished she hadn't, but shouldn't someone have... She let out a groan, cutting off her own thoughts tiredly.Uncle Vernon was still blustering furiously about owls. "... A peck, I mean, a pack of owls shooting in and out of the house. I won't have it, boy, I tell you, I won't!""I can't stop the owls from coming," Harry snapped, and his fist curled around the paper to crumple it."I want the truth about tonight! If it was these Demenders that attacked Dudley, how come you got expelled! You did you know what, you've admitted it! And how come she's alright if she didn't - if she didn't do anything!""I'm more used to dealing with them," Calla said quietly. "I fainted, though. Again. I just had a quicker recovery - I suppose it's possible the Dementors affected Dudley worse because he's a - normal person." She swallowed. "I'm not sure. But he will be okay," she added again, because it seemed to be the only thing capable of calming her aunt and uncle."I used a Patronus Charm," Harry explained calmly, though his voice started rising, and Uncle Vernon reacted as though 'charm' was the worst swear word he could think of. "It's the only thing that gets rid of them.""But what were your - these Dementoids doing in Little Whinging?" Uncle Vernon asked, and Calla shook her head. She wanted to know that, too."Couldn't tell you," Harry said wearily. "No idea."Uncle Vernon turned his eyes on Calla and she just shrugged. "Me neither.""It's you," said Uncle Vernon forcefully. "The two of you. There's something wrong with you. This is about what your godfather told us, isn't it? This Lord - Lord-""Voldemort," Harry said bluntly, and Calla winced, but the Dursleys seemed to have no reaction to the name. It was strange, in a way. They balked at all things magical, but the name of the worst Dark sorcerer in recent history had little effect."He sent these things? Or you - you've gotten yourself tangled up in something." A furious glint came into his eyes. "You're not in some gang-""Of course we're not in a gang," Calla snapped, then regretted it when she saw his eyes light again. She shrank against the cupboard, the silence eating up her words. "It's It's not We've not done anything wrong." Yet she felt Uncle Vernon had hit the nail on the head. Voldemort had sent those Dementors, and if he could send them to Little Whinging that meant he could send them away from Azkaban. He could let his followers free. Panic caught grip of her and she held the edge of the counter tightly. Tomorrow morning the Death Eaters could be free. He could have his army back. What was to stop him from sending them on to Privet Drive? If Dementors could get here, maybe his other followers could, too.She felt like she was going to be sick, and squeezed her eyes shut. Don't think about it, don't think about it, she told herself silently, don't panic."Well Why else would they turn up here? Why else would they be down that alleyway? And how else have you got yourself in trouble with the government?""We're not in..." Calla started feebly, then broke off, stomach stirring. They were kind of in trouble with the Ministry, actually, if she thought about it. Oh, God."And you've got to be the only-" He broke off, clearly terrified to say wizard or witch in his house. "You know whats," he settled on, "for miles around.""I don't know why they were here."But Calla was thinking. What if the Death Eaters had broken out: the Daily Prophet simply couldn't have ignored that? Unless it had happened today. Unless the Daily Prophet was determined to be as blind as the Ministry. Unless the Dementors were only a pre-cursor to what was about to come. She shuddered, clenching her fist against the table. The thought of Death Eaters breaking out of them coming here, storming into Privet Drive, breaking down the door, bathing into the Dursleys' kitchen.She forced that thought out of her mind, eyes blazing. She couldn't think of that. She shuddered."These Dementees guard some weirdo prison?" Uncle Vernon asked."Yes," Harry said."Azkaban," Calla clarified hoarsely."Oho!" Uncle Vernon cried, rather triumphantly, like he thought he'd got the winning answer on a quiz show. "They were coming to arrest you! That's it, isn't it? Because you are on the run from the law! What have you been up to?""Of course we're not on the run," Harry said, shaking his head. "If we were, we wouldn't be sticking around here, would we?""Then why-""Voldemort must have sent them," said Harry quietly."But he - he isn't in your Government." He spat out the last word, still unable to bear the thought,"He doesn't have to be. He's Still powerful."The Dursleys just looked blank at that for a moment before Aunt Petunia paled and dropped the chocolate bar she held onto the ground with a fright. "But..." She sputtered, "your - Remus - he said he wouldn't... that we weren't in any danger.""Right." Uncle Vernon was moving his hands around agitatedly but he seemed to have no words to accompany the gestures. "And so. Your godfathers said he was the one who you had that Altercation with. And he's also the one who""Who murdered our parents, yes." Calla shuddered. She didn't want to talk about him, or their parents, and she certainly didn't want to discuss this with the Dursleys, in their pristine kitchen, when none of them cared, when Aunt Petunia hated the very idea of her parents. Their magic. She felt her stomach tumble. Her head rang at the mention of James and Lily, of Voldemort - the reminder of what they'd just been through and what was to come. What had, perhaps, already begun."And he's here?" Uncle Vernon, who always liked to act as though he'd fight any wizard who came his way, seemed to hesitate over this realisation. "You've brought that-""He isn't here!" Harry interrupted and Dudley grunted something incomprehensible from his chair. "I'd know if he was.""He sent those things here, though?" Aunt Petunia whispered, in a voice Calla was sure she had never heard before. She sounded scared, and when Calla made herself look up, she was looking at them like she never had before. And it hit her then, that Aunt Petunia was still Lily Potter's sister no matter how she denied it, no matter how she ignored her world. She knew what it meant for Voldemort to be back, and she was scared. Calla swallowed heavily, finding unexpected tears welling in her eyes. She hated that. But she couldn't stop herself from looking at Aunt Petunia, from considering her. She and Harry had lost a mother, but she had lost a sister, too. Lost her to their world. She swallowed deeply and looked away."Hang on," said Uncle Vernon. "This  those godfathers of yours said there'd be no funny business this summer. You two were to keep your noses clean here, no people in fireplaces, no blowing people up-" Calla winced "-no BLOODY OWLS! AND WHAT D'YOU CALL THIS?""It's not our fault!""Oh ho! So this Volley-person, they sent these Dismembers out for a trip, did they? We were to be protected here, boy, and now you've brought these things and they've gotten to our Dudley! Our boy!""We didn't bring them, and if you'll only listen, we can-""They were sent after you though," said Uncle Vernon with a nasty look in his eye.That, they could argue."Well." Uncle Vernon took in a deep breath. "That settles it. You can ruddy well get out of this house! Both of you!""What?" Calla asked, finding her voice suddenly. "No. No, we - we can't go.""You were all for it half an hour ago!" When neither of them moved, he went purple and shouted again. "You heard me - OUT!" Both Dudley and Aunt Petunia jumped. "OUT! OUT! I should have done this years ago! Owls treating the place like a rest home! Half the lounge destroyed, Dudley's tail! Marge bobbing around on the ceiling! OUT! OUT! You've had it, you're history! I have put up with enough for you ungrateful brats! You're not staying here any longer with this loony after you, I don't care what that Loopy says, you're not endangering my wife and son any longer, you're not bringing trouble down on us! If you two are going the same way as your useless parents, then I'm done! OUT! GET OUT!"Calla was shaking as she stood up but her ears rang. "You heard me!" Uncle Vernon roared. Harry stood rooted to the spot, but Calla could see their uncle's face, purple and angry, a vein bulging on his forehead. They'd pushed him far enough, and now he wasn't only furious, he was scared. In some ways, that made him even more dangerous.Her uncle kept yelling, and she could almost feel Harry's anger, his frustration. Her scar burned as Uncle Vernon's voice grew louder and louder. "GET GOING! YOU WERE ALL FOR IT EARLIER AND I'M RIGHT BEHIND YOU! YOU GET OUT AND NEVER DARKEN OUR DOORSTEP AGAIN!" The ringing started in her ears and as she glanced to Harry, her throat began to feel blocked, and she couldn't breathe right, couldn't focus on doing so. Uncle Vernon's words became muffled, like she was hearing from a distance. Too loud, too loud, still too loud. She had to block the sound out, had to stop it. His words were like spellfire, hammering against her headBreathe, she had to remind herself, forcing the act. Have to breathe. She couldn't quite manage it rightly; her chest felt tight. Warmth prickled the back of her neck and wrapped tightly around her, choking her. "YOUR USELESS GODFATHER... SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE ORPHANAGE!" Her forehead burned and her stomach swam.She slumped back into a chair next to Dudley, in a daze, hardly knowing where to put her feet. She squeezed her eyes shut. Breathe, breathe. Uncle Vernon's yells grew louder, the pain in her scar intensified. The pain burned and burned and burned.Mine. The chill was sudden and sharp in her chest. Mine.That was all she'd ever be. Her spell hadn't worked, had only hurt her. She was useless, bloody useless, she couldn't defend herself or her brother, if she hadn't been in the way then maybe he'd be alright, he wouldn't be expelled, Dudley wouldn't be like this, they wouldn't be shouting in the kitchen and she wouldn't be feeling like she was about to throw up on Aunt Petunia's polished floor. She had just been in the way. No help at all. She might as well have been dead for all the good she did, she'd be better off like that, Voldemort's couldn't use her, she couldn't burden her brother-At the next burst of pain she gasped, feeling fire rush through her. Another world burst before her.She was in an unfamiliar, large garden; deep shadows cast over the trees, which creaked in the evening breeze. There were hardly any stars above, a smoky haze instead covering the sky. Spellfire raged through the air; a woman cackled, a man hissed, flames licked the grass. Calla was screaming and she wasn't the only one. Shades shifted around her, but she was struck still, frozen and suspended in time. A snake wound around her ankles, and constellations burst, shattering through the line of trees. A trophy, a tiara, a necklace and a ring, their images burning against her mind, as white-hot as dying stars. The snake sank its fangs into her but she could hardly feel it; all she felt was fire, racing up through her body, forcing her upwards, forcing her to see.The scene shifted. It was calm, in a darkened room with milky-white orbs dotted around the high shelves. It seemed to go on for miles. A cold hand clasped around one, nails scraping the wood. The orbs seemed to breathe, seemed to be whispering, but Calla couldn't hear what no matter how she strained.Mine, a voice whispered, and she was thrust forward, to stare at the ceiling of the Dursleys' kitchen."WHAT THE BLOODY HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING!""Get away from her," Harry shouted, charging over; when he took her hand to try and pull her up, pain raced through her again and she let out a strangled shriek, falling back hard against the floor. "Calla, what is it? Did you see-""I don't know," she said hoarsely. Her throat felt like it had been burned. She struggled to sit up. Aunt Petunia was staring at her, gaping, and the tatters of a red envelope was clasped tightly in her hands. From here, it looked almost like blood spilling between her fingers."WELL, YOU CAN BLOODY WELL GET OUT!" Uncle Vernon shouted, his purple face coming into her view. "I TOLD YOU, PETUNIA - I TOLD YOU THE GIRL WAS MAD! FLINGING HERSELF ON THE FLOOR!""I did not fling myself-" She broke off, coughing, as the pain in her chest tightened. "I-""Both of you," Aunt Petunia said, quite white and shaking. "Go.""We told you, we can't leave-""To your room," her aunt said sharply.Uncle Vernon gaped. "But - but Petunia! We can't keep them!""We must," she said quickly, shaking her head. Her hand tightened around the red letter. It looked like a Howler. "If we throw them out, the neighbours will be sure to talk," Aunt Petunia said quickly. She was rapidly regaining her brisk and snappish manner, though she was still incredibly pale. "And those Baird children, they know her, I don't want there to be any talk about us. The mother pokes about enough as it is, has her nose in a bit of everyone's business. They'll ask awkward questions, they'll want to know where they've gone. We'll have to keep them."Uncle Vernon sagged, deflating. Calla caught Harry's eye, confused. She didn't feel as relieved as she thought she ought to. Already the walls of the house seemed to constrict around her, suffocating. She clenched her hands against the tiles."But Petunia, dear..."Aunt Petunia ignored him, turning to Harry and Calla. "You're to stay in your room," she told them, and Calla nodded hastily. "You're not to leave the house. Now get to bed."Calla nodded and Harry helped her to her feet. Her legs felt like jelly as she leaned against him. Harry, though, didn't make a move towards the door "Who was the Howler from?" he asked."Don't ask questions," Aunt Petunia snapped."Are you in touch with wizards?""Harry...""I told you to get to bed!""What did it mean? Remember the last what?""Go to bed!""How come-""YOU HEARD YOUR AUNT! NOW GET OUT AND GET TO BED!"Sensing that her uncle was about to blow a gasket, Calla tugged her brother's hand and the pair of them hurried out the room. "What was that about?" Calla whispered. "A Howler?""It said 'remember my last'. It just burst right as you passed out. Did you not see it?" She shook her head. "Oh. Well. What did you see?""I don't know," she told tiredly, shivering as they started up the stairs. "These... Stars. Spellfire. And then this strange, dark room... I don't know where it was.""A dark room." Harry frowned, contemplative. "I suppose it'll make sense at some point."She shook her head as they reached the landing, pushing into their room. "Not soon enough."Before her brother could question her more - his presence was setting her on edge and she couldn't explain why - Calla rushed to her desk, scribbling out hurried messages to send off.We've just been attacked by Dementors. Harry got expelled and then he didn't, he has a hearing in a couple of weeks. No idea what's going on. If you know anything or if you've heard anything, please let me know. I'll write if there's any developments; we're basically grounded in our rooms at the moment.Calla wrote this three times, and sent the letters off with Moony to Remus, then on to Daphne and to Padma. She paused, thinking hard over how to let Mairi know. She couldn't leave, and she didn't think it would end well if Mairi showed up at the Dursleys' house. Hedwig was still out hunting, and Harry had taken to pacing the room rather than ask Calla to use Moony. She left him to it, flinching when he kicked his school trunk, and changed for bed, curling up under her covers.After all the drama of the evening, she was ready to sleep. Her eyes felt heavy."About time," Harry snarled, startling her awake."What?"He jerked his head towards Hedwig, who had just arrived in through the window with a dead frog clutched in her beak. "You can put that down. I've got a job for you to do!"Hedwig looked reproachfully at him and then around at Calla as though to ask if she treated her owl like this, too. "Come here," Harry said, attaching his letters to Hedwig's leg. "Take these straight to Sirius, Ron and Hermione, and don't come back until you've got good, long replies." Matilda clambered up onto Calla's bed, curling into her stomach and purring loudly. "Keep pecking them until they've written decent looking answers if you've got to. Understand?" Hedwig gave a muffled hooting noise, her beak still full of frog. "Get going, then."She took off immediately and Harry flopped down sulkily onto his bed, still fully clothed and looking miserable. Calla glanced over to him, his sullen and silent form. He looked tired, and he looked brittle, and guilty and confused. She smiled gently at him. "Thank you, by the way," she said quietly. "You saved me in that alleyway. I was useless.""I let them get to you," he said, not looking at her. "I'm sorry. I messed up.""Don't be," she said in reply, chest feeling heavy. "If I'd gotten my Patronus, we'd have been alright. I wouldn't have fainted. Maybe Dudley'd even be alright." She gave a loud, heavy sigh and turned to stare at the ceiling, hands gently running over Matilda's soft back. "And I'm glad you're not expelled." Her mouth felt dry and she struggled to get her words out. "I don't know what I'd do at Hogwarts without you." She wasn't entirely sure what she'd do at Hogwarts anyway, now.Harry nodded slowly, considering her. "Me too.""Do you think we should still leave?" she asked, surprising herself as she stared at the ceiling."What?""I know what Sirius said, but it's pretty obvious we're not safe here. And I doubt the Dursleys are even going to feed us for at least a week." She shook her head. "If no one comes to find us To tell us what the hell is going on. I don't want to be cooped up here. We've plenty of gold in Gringotts and muggle money too. But if the Dementors could find us"She trailed off. "They won't be the only ones," Harry finished for her, and she nodded."I'm scared," she admitted to the darkness. "And I guess I can't even blame Uncle Vernon for wanting us out. He doesn't understand any of it. I barely understand what's going on these days. I just wish magic Would just leave us alone."At that, Harry made a confused sound and rolled over on his bed to look at her. "It's never going to, though.""I know," she said tiredly, and her scar pulsed as she shut her eyes. "But I can wish. Half the time I think we'd have been safer if we'd never gone to Hogwarts. If we'd just kept to the Muggle world and, I don't know, hidden from it all. Then I think what absolute hell another seven years with the Dursleys would be. I'd still have gone crazy." She was sure Harry could hear the bitterness in her voice. Calla sighed. "I'm just tired. Wake me up if you need me.""Night, Calla."She smiled faintly and pulled the covers up under her chin. "Night, Harry."

Moony returned the next afternoon, but Hedwig didn't.What do you mean there were Dementors? Padma's letter read. Were they at your aunt and uncle's house? I'm going to speak to mum about this, are you alright, Calla? Has Dumbledore said anything - has Remus or Sirius? You seriously need to give us some more details.I assume you've written Daphne as well? Hopefully she'll be of more help but I've honestly not heard anything more than the papers are saying or that I told you when we saw you, and if something was up with the Dementors I'm sure we'd have heard. I don't know Calla, this is freaking me out. Me and mum are going to see if there's anything we can do. If you need out of there, just say the word. Be safe.Padma"She's not heard anything," Calla told Harry, who had been watching her closely. And when she read Daphne's letter, she reported the same again."What do you mean? Neither of them know anything?""No," Calla said harshly. "They just say... Stay safe." Like she wasn't trying her best to stay safe. She hadn't asked for the Dementors to show up."At least they're saying something," Harry muttered, and Calla sighed."I'll write to Remus," she said. "He might be more helpful?""Doubt it. He's staying with Sirius, isn't he? And it's not like he's been much help the rest of the Summer.""Well, if you don't want to try."Harry huffed loudly, just as Aunt Petunia pushed a meagre plate of food through the catflap she'd installed in their bedroom. Harry hurried over to it. "Who was that Howler-"She slammed the catflap in his face. "It was Dumbledore," Calla told him, frowning. "I'm sure it was.""Well, if he can talk to her, why can't he talk to us?""I don't know." Calla glared at the two unbuttered pieces of bread Aunt Petunia has pushed through. "I'm sending a letter to Remus," she decided. "I don't care."Some point after dinner - cheese and bread, a treat - she had heard a knock on the downstairs door and listened out. The voices were muffled, and though she couldn't make out what they were saying, she knew one of them was Mairi. Her heart leapt into her throat, and she wanted to go out right then and see her and talk to her and tell her everything, but the door was slammed shut almost as soon as she'd gotten the notion, and everything downstairs had gone silent again.And Remus didn't reply the next morning. Calla sent him an ultimatum.Remus,If someone doesn't come to pick us up then we're going to leave. We can't stay here any longer and don't appreciate being ignored, Harry's going out of his mind with worry, the Dursleys hate us more than ever, and what's more, we know we are in danger. Please come, or at least reply, I know you're getting our letters. I don't care what Dumbledore told you to do. We just really need you right now.CallaIt was short but not particularly sweet. The only reply it garnered was: Please just stay put. I can't say anything more. And be careful what you write.Calla knew if she were to be rational she'd find a way to justify the lack of helpful response but she didn't really feel like being rational at all. At night, every sound terrified her; was it a Death Eater come to knock down their door, another Dementor to suck out her soul? She always hoped for Remus or Sirius or even a Weasley, but no one came. "I need out of here," she muttered to herself and Harry grunted his agreement. "I can't stand it. I - I don't even feel safe.""Yeah." Harry tossed a fake snitch up in the air, only to frown when it slipped past his fingers.The next day brought more silence. Calla was beginning to despair. Anyone else she might not have minded as much, but Remus would never ignore her, especially after what she'd just said had happened. It frustrated her to the point of crying, which just frustrated her more. Crying was stupid of her, she knew, and immature, and she ought to be stronger than that, but all she wanted was to break down into tears somewhere safe, with someone she trusted, to be told that she would be safe, she would be protected, that she was somewhere - not Hogwarts - where nothing and no one would be allowed to hurt her. She and Harry kept pushing at each other, both annoyed and restless due to their situation."Why won't he just say something?" she muttered after three days of no replies and no news from the Daily Prophet, slamming her book shut. Matilda yowled."It's not like I know," Harry muttered bitterly back. "Maybe he just doesn't want to talk to you."Calla promptly chucked her book at Harry's head, and let out a loud cry of frustration, slumping back against her pillows with tears stinging her eyes. "Calla!""You asked for it!""That hurt!"He chucked the book back and Calla yelped as the edge of the hard cover hit her funny bone. "Sod off, Harry!""You started it," he muttered, and she sat up angrily, shoving the book onto the floor, where it landed with a thud. She breathed heavily, biting her lip, and clenched her fist."I'm so done with this," was all she could say, because there wasn't anything that she could do. "I'm so done! I just - ugh!"Harry didn't say anything in response to that, and so both eventually sank into quiet sullenness, though Calla still felt restless. She just wanted to get out, run for a bit, just do anything that wasn't sit here stewing while anything could be waiting out there to attack them, and no one seemed to care or to be doing anything to help them. She would have written to Dumbledore, even, if it weren't for the fact that Moony was still with Remus. Though it wasn't like he was going to write back.She couldn't shake the feeling that she'd gotten at the end of last year, after the graveyard, when he'd told her about her connection with Voldemort. You would have let me die, she'd told him, and though she'd regretted the harshness, she couldn't help the feeling that maybe he would. That maybe he had abandoned her now. Maybe he was waiting to see what was going to happen, and that was why he hadn't been in contact at all. Part of her wanted him to never contact her again. She wanted to block it all out, pretend to be a normal girl who went to normal school, and to see Mairi, but she knew she couldn't. Danger would find her anyway. There was nowhere safe for her. She just so desperately wished that there were.Harry started pacing again, frowning. "They wouldn't..." he started, glancing at Calla, and then looked away again, shaking his head. "Nah. They wouldn't."The door opened quite unexpectedly. Calla stared at Uncle Vernon in the doorway, feeling a small glimmer of hope that maybe Remus had come for them after all. "We're going out," he said smugly."I'm sorry?""We - that is to say, your aunt, Dudley, and I - are going out.""Fine.""You are not to leave your bedroom while we are away.""OK.""You are not to touch the television, the stereo, or any of our other possessions.""Right.""You are not to steal food from the fridge.""OK.""I am going to lock your door.""You do that."Uncle Vernon looked between them suspiciously, like Harry's apathy was a sure sign they were up to something. Calla just sighed and looked at the ceiling boredly.Uncle Vernon stomped out the room and slammed the door, locking it behind him. A few minutes later, Calla could hear the slamming of the front and car doors, the rumble of the Dursley's car engine outside, and then the sound of it finally crawling out of the drive."Well," Calla said five minutes later once she was sure the Dursleys were gone and not coming back, "I'm going to see Mairi."Harry turned around from where he was lying on his bed, blinking at her. "Are you mad?"She shrugged, desperate to take one chance - however small it was - to see her and at least attempt to explain what the hell was going on. "I haven't seen her in days, not properly. She'll be confused, I ought to explain."Harry hesitated a moment before he sighed. "Fine. Just make sure you're back before they are.""Don't worry," she told him with fake confidence, stretching the window open enough that she could stand on the desk and swing her leg over, "I'll know when they're coming."Her brother shook his head as she hoisted herself over and gained a foothold on the wall, then pulling herself around so she had her back to the window. Then, heart pounding, she grabbed ahold of a thick tree branch, and swung herself down to land within the nest of branches, before scrambling down the tree trunk, out the garden and down the road to Mairi's.She wasn't waiting on the doorstep. Calla paused a moment at the gate, lingering before she walked up and rang the doorbell, hoping that the Bairds weren't in the middle of tea. It was Andrew who opened the door, and he regarded her with cool surprise before he called over his shoulder, "Mairi! It's Calla!"There was a clatter of cutlery and a rushing of feet and then Mairi appeared from behind the kitchen door, face glowing as she rushed to hug her tightly. "Calla! I didn't think you were coming! What happened, your aunt said you couldn't come out! I was... I was worried.""I snuck out," she admitted. "The Dursleys are out at some reception for some lawn competition." She rolled her eyes. "We didn't really listen to what they said, but they'll be gone for ages.""It's so good to see you," Mairi mumbled into her hair. "I was worried. What the hell happened?""Come in, Calla," called Mairi's mum from the kitchen, and her voice was slightly worried under attempts at nonchalance, "don't let her leave you standing outside. There's some extra casserole if you'd like it.""Oh, that's fine," Calla said quietly, as Mairi tugged her through, setting her on a disgruntled Andrew's chair. Mrs Baird gave her a plate anyway a moment later."So, what's up?" Mairi asked, brow furrowed in concern. "Your aunt wouldn't let me anywhere near you - she's got a right voice on her hasn't she? Like a screaming cat.""Mairi," her mother scolded."She does, Mum. You'd say so too if you were there, and I wish you were, you'd have given her a right earful.""What did happen, Calla?" Mrs Baird asked kindly. "What Mairi told us was very confusing. We... Were rather concerned.""Your aunt said you were in trouble, that you and your brother had done something? She didn't say what. Then she made me leave.""We didn't do anything," she said. "We just... Harry got into a bit of a fight with Dudley, and then it kind of spiralled and Harry and I didn't actually do anything but..." She shrugged. "You know what they're like, I guess. It didn't matter what we say, they're convinced we're the bad guys.""Well." Mrs Baird's mouth thinned into a straight line, frowning. "As long as you know you're in the right, Calla, that's what I always say. I'm sure it'll blow over soon enough, though you had best make sure you get home before your family returns. I don't think being found here will do you any favours with them.""I know," Calla said tiredly. "I just needed to get out for a bit."Mrs Baird's forehead crinkled in worry. "Calla," she said tentatively, "everything is alright at home, isn't it? I understand you don't get along well with your aunt and uncle, and I gathered from Bobby that your cousin isn't particularly nice either. And you're so awfully skinny, and so pale sometimes. I just... I felt I ought to ask. If you're in a situation that isn't good for you, we can help to get you out of it."Calla stared at her, cheeks heating furiously. How could she even begin to sum up how completely not-alright everything was? And where did she start? With how the Dursleys hated them and always had? How Uncle Vernon had basically said he wished that Harry got executed? That they were treated like prisoners? That Dudley got away with everything and always had and it had only gotten marginally better because they found out they were magic and even then! How did she tell them that she couldn't even count how many times she'd contemplated running away, just disappearing on her own? How they'd tried it before?She nodded. "Yeah," she said. "It's... I mean it's not great, we don't get along well but... Nothing's wrong.""You don't have to be frightened to say anything," Mrs Baird said, and Calla shook her head firmly."No, I'm not frightened! It's just... It is what it is, you know?"Sensing that Mrs Baird wouldn't let it go, she sent Mairi a pleasing glance and she seemed to comply. "Mum, Calla doesn't want to talk about it," she said, getting to her feet. She held out her hand. "Come upstairs with me.""I'd still feel better if you told us more of what happened, Calla.""Thanks, Mrs Baird," she said quietly, "but I am okay." Her throat stuck a little. "It's just boring being cooped up." Then she smiled as much as she could bring herself to, given as how she felt she was going to melt from the pressure of being asked to talk about one of the things she hardly ever could talk about. "But thanks for asking."Perhaps an hour or so later, Calla had her head on Mairi's shoulder, staring up at the ceiling, rubbing the back of Mairi's hand lazily with her thumb. The world outside the window was quiet, and a Kate Bush record played in the corner, spoken over by the occasional bursts of laughter from downstairs. It felt so peaceful here, rid of the tension that had filled Number Four the last few days. The Cranberries were playing on the radio, and Calla tilted her head up to look at Mairi, catch her pretty eyes. A smile danced across her lips. "What?" Mairi asked, grinning."Nothing," Calla said quietly. "Just looking at you."Mairi's eyes softened as she tilted her own head down, pressing a kiss tenderly to Calla's lips. Warmth settled in her belly, that gentle familiarity spreading through her blood. She pulled away, as Mairi's lips danced over her cheek, the edge of her mouth. Mairi met her eyes questioningly, and Calla felt unsaid words on her lips. There were so many words she wished she could say, so many secrets she wished she could tell her."What did happen?" Mairi asked her softly. "Your aunt seemed so angry. I know you don't get along great, but..." She trailed off, pursing her lips."It's like I said," she said, even though it wasn't. "Harry and I just really haven't had a great time of it. Dudley - he started making fun of us. Of someone we care about, and of our parents, and... We both did kind of snap. But we didn't do anything, he just - well, his parents always believe him, don't they? They all think we're mental. They'd kick us out if it they didn't think it would cause a scandal. Even two months out the year's too long for us to stay with them."You shouldn't have to stay with them," Mairi said. "Doesn't your godfather have a place?"Calla snorted. "Yeah, he does. They both do - Harrys's godfather as well - we just haven't been invited yet. Don't know when we will. It's all just... Complicated. They have a lot of work to do and I think they think we'll get in the way." She sighed. "I just want out, you know? I just want all of this to be over.""All of what?"She shrugged. "Existence. It's bloody tiring.""Calla-" Mairi started, just as the doorbell rang downstairs. Mairi's hand settled on Calla's waist, her other hand reaching up to stroke her hair. "What's wrong?" she whispered."Everything, I guess," Calla told her, teaching up to her hair and taking Mairi's hand to twine their fingers together. "I-""Mairi! Calla!" They both startled, hands breaking apart. "It's... Calla's godfather?"Calla sat bolt upright, scrambling off the edge of the bed. "Speak of the devil," she murmured faintly. Remus was here? Now? Her mind raced through all the terrible possibilities of why he'd come here, of what had happened, if he was okay. She was hurrying out of the room before the knew it, Mairi following quickly as she hurtled down the stairs, face flushing. She tugged the hem of her t-shirt down, smoothing out her hair, hoping her cheeks weren't flushed, hoping it wasn't obvious that she and Mairi were more than friends - oh God, what if Harry had said something, how would she explain that? How would Remus take it?"Remus?" she said, and then faltered when she got to the bottom of the stairs and saw who was behind him. Worry rolled through her stomach like nausea and she swallowed rising bile. "Oh. I, I-""Alastor wanted to come with me to get you," Remus said smoothly, looking between her and Mairi. She felt her face flush very hot indeed."Is... Is everything alright?" she managed to stammer out. "Is Harry...""Everything's fine," Remus told her gently, "we just wanted to come and pick you up tonight. The house is ready for you." His eyes flicked to Mairi and then to her mother. A frown crossed her brow, and Moody narrowed his eyes behind him. "I thought you would have gotten the letter, but clearly not. Harry's just getting his things packed.""Oh." Calla's gut clenched. All Summer she'd wanted this, but he just showed up now, after ignoring her, and she wasn't prepared for the wave of resentment that rolled through her stomach, when he just appeared as if it was fine when it wasn't. "Right." She shook her head. "I - yeah, you're right, I... Didn't know you were coming." She swallowed. "Are we... staying all Summer again?"Remus nodded, and Calla bit her lip. "All - all right."Mairi turned to look at her, eyes wide and lips parted. Calla's chest gave a lurch. "You're going?" she asked. "Just like that?""I..." Calla dropped her voice. "I kind of have to.""All Summer?" Mairi was looking at her in shock. "There's still a month left!""I - I know." She really, really didn't want to go. Frustrated tears pricked the back of her eyes. She glanced back at Remus, who smiled uncertainly, and Moody, who nodded impatiently. They seemed to be in a hurry to go and that spelled trouble to her. "Look, I... I don't really know what's going on," she whispered. Mairi looked at her blankly, seeming lost, her eyes unbearably wide. "Like I said. It's - it's complicated. I'll write to you, or phone, if - if I can.""So that's it," Mairi said flatly, shaking her head. Her lips seemed to wobble. "You're leaving. Again. All Summer?""You know I would leave soon enough anyway."Mairi's cheeks reddened a little and she pursed her lips. "Yeah. Yeah, I guess you would. I just didn't think it'd be like this." She shook her head bitterly and forced a smile. "You should go then. Better to get out of your aunt and uncle's house while you can.""I'm sorry," Calla said quietly, trying to reach out to her. Andrew came out of the living room, and gave her a questioning look. "I will write to you if I can.""Don't worry about it," Mairi told her, and she felt her chest tighten. Calla had a very heavy feeling in her legs as she stepped down slowly. "I guess I'll see you next Summer then.""I'll miss you."Mairi looked for a second like she was going to say something else, and then stopped herself. "Yeah. Enjoy the rest of your Summer, Calla." She turned sharply and hurried back up the stairs.Calla made to go after her, wanting to explain even though she couldn't, but Moody said warningly, "Potter." She turned back around. Mairi's mother was frowning like she didn't quite understand what was going on, but her face was set firmly."She doesn't have to go with you," she said. "Not if she doesn't want to." She gave Calla something like an encouraging look.Calla shook her head nervously. "No. No, I do. I just... Didn't expect to be going so soon."Mrs Baird still appeared rather troubled as Calla met Remus and Moody by the door. Her godfather put a warm, comforting hand on her shoulder. "I'm sorry," she said quietly. "Tell Mairi, will you? I think she's upset."Mrs Baird pursed her lips. "You're always welcome here, Calla." Her eyes darted to Remus and then to Moody, who Calla thought looked altogether rather frightening, though Mrs Baird didn't seem to flinch. "Remember that. But do write to Mairi, please.""I will," she said quickly. "Of course I will.""We really ought to go," Remus said. "Come on, Calla."With one last apologetic look to Mrs Baird, Calla stepped down out of the hall and into the garden outside. Mrs Baird said, "Phone if you need anything," and then closed the door gently as they made their way back down the path.The moment she closed the door, Calla started speaking freely. "What's going on? Where's Harry, why are you here now? You didn't say anything!" She glared at Remus. "Why didn't you say anything!""I'm very sorry," Remus said. "We had to be very careful with the information we put in letters, in case owls got intercepted.""You could have come to see us!" Calla said, and found she was shouting, just a bit. "You could have explained! You could have taken us to be with you and Sirius, instead of leaving us here! We got attacked! Didn't you get my letter? You didn't even-""Keep your voice down, Potter," Moody growled, and clamped a hand over her mouth. She shoved him off roughly, spitting."It's alright, Alastor," Remus said quietly, and put an arm around Calla's shoulders. "I promise we'll explain everything when we can.""We wanted you to explain before," she said. "Before we got attacked, Remus! We told you we didn't want to be here!""I'm sorry," he said, and Calla could tell he meant it, so she continued back to Number Four in silence and they slipped in through the conservatory."Ooh, is this her?" a dark haired which asked from beside the drawers, holding a potato peeler. "They really do look quite similar, don't they. Same eyes."Calla stared. There were about half a dozen people in the kitchen, one witch - who had just spoken - and then four wizards. She stared at them, then at Remus. "Who the hell-""Calla, these are part of the Order of the Phoenix. Kingsley Shacklebolt and Sturgis Podmore-" he gestured to the two men who were examining the microwave "-Hestia Jones-" the dark haired witch who'd just spoken waved at them "-Dedalus Diggle-" a short wizard in a violet top hat beamed at her from beside the toaster "-and Elphias Doge." An older looking wizard nodded to her, leaning over parchment."I thought you might want to write this letter, Remus," he said in a wheezy voice. "You know the Muggles best, after all."Remus nodded, moving away from Calla's side. "Calla, your brother's upstairs with Nymphadora, packing. Could you give them a hand?"She nodded, still a bit shocked, and hurried up the stairs. Harry was with a violet haired, young looking witch in their room, hauling their trunks. "Oh," she said, hurrying to grab Matilda into her arms. "Are - are you Nymphadora?"Nymphadora's eyes narrowed. "And which one of them called me that?""Um." Calla looked at Harry, who shrugged. "Remus?"Nymphadora shook her head. "I go by Tonks. Not my fault my mother saddled me with such a stupid name." Then she grinned at Calla. "I've heard a lot about you. Give us a hand with these cages?"Calla nodded sharply, grabbing Moony's owl cage and helping Harry and Nymphadora Tonks head down the stairs. "You have packed everything I have?" she asked Harry, who nodded."Yup. All your books, too."She smiled at him. "Thanks.""How's Mairi?"She shook her head, heart sinking at the thought. What she'd said... Calla had never been through a break up before, but it had felt awfully like one. "I'll tell you later," she muttered, as she returned to the kitchen, where Remus was finishing up his letter to the Dursleys."Excellent," he said, looking up. "We've got about a minute, I'd say. We should probably get this into the garden so we're ready. Calla, Harry, I've left a note telling your aunt and uncle not to worry-""They won't.""-that you're safe-""That'll just depress them.""-and you'll see them again next Summer.""Seriously?""Possibly. We're still-""Working on it." Harry huffed and met Calla's eyes. She was thinking the same. Dumbledore was never going to let them choose where they lived. He liked to control them."Come here, the both of you," Moody growled, beckoning Calla and Harry over to him. "I need to Disillusion you.""You need to what?""Disillusionment charm," he said. "Lupin says you've got an Invisibiity Cloak, but that's only going to cover one of you, and it won't stay on while flying."Calla's stomach took a tumble. "F-flying?""This'll disguise you better," Moody said."We're flying?" She sent Remus an urgent look."It was the only way we could go without risking detection.""You've Apparated us before.""The Ministry is extra attuned to the Trace where you two are concerned," Remus told her. "We can't risk it. So flying it is." He smiled. "Don't worry, Calla, you'll be fine."She let out a shrill laugh, as Moody tugged her over to him. "Yeah. Yeah, flying totally sounds like a great- ow!" Moody rapped her on the head with his wand, and it felt like an egg had just been cracked over her head, a weird, cool feeling trickling down her. "That feels weird.""There," Moody said, sounding satisfied."Nice one, Mad-Eye," Tonks said appreciatively, staring at Calla. She glanced down, eyes widening. It was different than being under an Invisibility Cloak; it wasn't that she couldn't see herself, or that she could see herself but no one else could, but that her body had just take on the exact appearance of the drawers behind her."This is weird," she said, staring down. She tried to look at Harry, but he was also disillusioned, seeming to blend into the drawers every time she moved her eyes away from him."Yeah," Harry said, and she had the feeling he was looking at her as well. "This is really weird."She snorted. "Are we identical now?""Definitely not.""Enough talking," Moody said, unlocking the door. "Come on." They all stepped outside onto the pristine lawn. "Clear night," Moody grunted. "Could've done with a bit more cloud cover. Right, we're going to be flying in close formation, two of you in the middle. Tonks'll be right in front of you, you just keep following her, keep close on her tail. Lupin'll be covering you from below, I'll be right behind you. The rest'll be circling us? We don't break ranks for anything, got me? If one of us is killed-""Is that likely?" Harry asked rather apprehensively, and Moody shushed him."-the others keep flying, don't stop-""Can we go back to the likelihood of someone getting killed, please? I have a question.""Don't break ranks. If they take out the rest of us and you survive, Harry, Calla, the rear guard are standing by to take over. Keep flying east and they'll join you.""Stop being so cheerful, Mad-Eye, they'll think we're not taking this seriously enough," Tonks said, strapping Calla's trunk and cage to a harness that hung from her broom."I'm just telling them the plan," Moody said gruffly. "Our job is to get the pair of them to headquarters and if we die in the process-""No one is going to die," said Kingsley Shacklebolt in a smooth voice."Mount your brooms, that's the first signal!" Remus pointed up into the sky. A shower of red sparks flew among the stars. He handed Calla a broom, a Cleansweep judging by the handle and she stared at it gingerly. "It'll be alright," he promised her, and seeing Harry mount his Firebolt with ease, Calla nodded. She swung a leg over the other end of the broom, trying her best to ignore the dread in the pit of her stomach. Flying. On top of everything else, now she had to fly. The handle vibrated gingerly as she gripped it tightly, knuckles whitening."Second signal, let's go!" Remus said, as more red sparks flared up in the sky.Calla felt like she would really rather not, but Harry kicked off immediately and she was not going to be left behind. Trying to pretend like she totally trusted the broom not to throw her off, she kicked off from the ground too, rising higher and higher into the cool night air.She refused to look down, just kept her eyes focused on Tonks in front of her. Everyone else seemed entirely at ease, but she felt a tight knot of nerves in her stomach as they flew onwards and onwards. How long were they to be up in the air for? Too long, probably. She made the mistake of looking down and looked sharply back up again, her broom lurching with her. "Careful!" Moody yelled, and she nodded, hair whipping her face."Sorry!" She was not going to look down again."Bearing south!" Mad-Eye shouted soon after. "Town ahead!"She soared to the right, her stomach tumbling more and more. It felt a bit like a washing machine. Could she even throw up when she was this high in the sky? Or would it freeze? "Bear southeast and keep climbing, there's some low cloud we can lose ourselves in!""We're not going through clouds!" Tonks yelled over her shoulder to him, and Calla quite agreed. "We'll get soaked, Mad-Eye!"They did not, thankfully, end up flying through clouds. Calla was freezing cold anyway, her hands numb around her broom handle. She was sure she couldn't have let go even if she had tried. They must have flown at least two hours, she thought, before Moody yelled, "Bearing southwest! We want to avoid the motorway!"The others all circled them as they moved, Calla determinedly following Tonks and never taking her eyes off of the end of her broom. "We ought to double back for a bit!" Moody shouted. "Just to make sure no one's following us!""What?" Calla yelled against the wind."ARE YOU MAD, MAD-EYE?" Tonks shouted. "We're all frozen to our brooms! If we keep going off course we're not going to get there for two weeks! Besides, we're almost there now!""Time to start that descent!" came Remus' voice and Calla had never been so happy on a broomstick. "Follow Tonks, Calla, Harry!"Tonks went into a sharp dive. Calla followed her, stomach lurching nervously, and she snuck a glance down. And it was actually, kind of beautiful. It was a large network of lights, like a spider web stretching for miles and miles. Was this London? She stared down at it, momentarily transfixed as the cool air ripples through her hair, prickling her skin, and she was held up in the air, gliding along. It all felt so much prettier from up here, and the world she saw before her was so much more manageable. And the lights were beautiful."Calla!" Remus yelled, and she looked around, startled. The others had all swooped lower, and Remus was staring up at her. She went into a steep dive and regretted it immediately, as now she was certain she was going to be sick. They flew lower and lower, Calla keeping her eyes always on Tonks, until they could see tall city buildings of lights, and individual lampposts and cars.They would reach the ground soon, and Calla felt it could not be soon enough. Even if she had to be torn off and unfrozen from her broom, she wanted off of it as quickly as possible. "Here we go!" Tonks called and then a few seconds later, they landed.Calla dismounted quickly on a patch of unkempt grass in the middle of a small square, steadying herself. They'd been in the air so long she seemed to have lost some of the feeling in her legs. Tonks was already unbuckling her trunk from the back of her broomstick, while Moody did the same for Harry's. She looked around herself in the darkness, at grimy housefronts and broken, dimly lit windows. This wasn't near Remus and Sirius' flat, she knew, but she hadn't fully expected to be going there anyway. "Where are we?" Harry asked."In a minute," said Remus quietly.Moody seemed to be rummaging around in his cloak; a moment later he had brought out a small, silver lighter. "Got it," he muttered and clicked the lighter. The surrounding streetlamps went out with a light pop. Calla blinked in the sudden dark. "Borrowed it from Dumbledore. Should keep the Muggles from noticing anything if they look out their windows, see? Now come on, quick."He hurried forwards and Calla followed, dragging the broom behind her. Remus and Tonks held a trunk between them, while Sturgis and Kingsley held another. The others held their wands out, flanking them. Calla looked around warily before stepping onto the road.She could head the muffled pounding of a stereo and Muggle music from a nearby house, some new song with a strong bass. There was a pile of bulging bin bags outside, stinking the whole street. "Here," Moody muttered, and thrust a piece of parchment under both of their noses. Calla squinted at it in the dim lighting. "Read it quickly and memorise it."She looked at the familiar handwriting, reading it over carefully.The headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place, London."Wait, the Order of-""Not here, boy!" Moody snarled, but Calla's mind was catching up quickly. Remus had mentioned the Order, hadn't he? So they were at its headquarters, now, and presumably Sirius was here too, somewhere inside. "Wait till we're inside!"He took the scrap of parchment from Harry's hands swiftly and set it on fire. Calla stared at it as the flame curled around the note, and it eventually floated to the ground. She glanced up, seeing Number Eleven before them and Number Thirteen beside it. No Number Twelve. Was this some magic? A charm to hide it? Or was she merely not looking hard enough, in the right place?"But where's-""Think about you've just memorised," Remus told them.Calla frowned at him and then back at the wall between house eleven and thirteen, wondering if it was like platform nine and three quarters at King's Cross. Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place, she thought, and then a moment, the wall seemed to move. Her eyes widened as she watched the magic slowly force the house into existence, pushing the other two away. The muggles in Number eleven didn't seem to have noticed anything at all, their stereo sill thumping away. "Right," Calla said, holding Matilda tightly in her arms."Come on," Remus said quietly, "hurry inside."She walked up the worn stone steps, to the rather battered looking black door that had appeared in between the grimy windows. A large silver number twelve hung on the scratched, flaking paint, and underneath it was a large silver doorknocker in the shape of a snake. She looked for a keyhole or letterbox but there was neither.Remus pulled out his wand and tapped the door with it. There were a series of metallic clicks from somewhere close and then the sliding of a chain. The door creaked open just enough for them to slip inside, and Calla hurried to do so, hoping it was warmer inside. It was a little bit, but the hallways was very dark and gloomy. "Don't go far," Remus whispered as Harry came in after her. "And don't touch anything. We don't want anything to wake up.""This is creepy," Calla whispered, inhaling the damp and the dust, squinting through the dense gloom.The house it was very obviously magical - not just because of the fact it had slid into existence out of nowhere. She could feel the tense tingle of magic up and down her arms and felt a horrible instinct to run. In amongst the scent of dust and damp was - whether in her imagination or not - the sense of death lingering heavy around her. With a glance over her shoulder, she could see the others all filing in behind, and she shivered, nausea sweeping over her. This place just felt wrong. Her every instinct told her to run, and a faint, cold whisper breezed against her ears.Moody still stood on the top step, and with a click of the weird silver lighter he released the bright white balls of light back into their streetlamps in the square, before he shut the door and they were entombed entirely in the stifling darkness.

"Potter," Moody growled, stumping over to her and Harry. "Here." He tapped Calla again on the head with his wand, and something warm trickled down her spine. She looked down, examining her hands. She appeared to have been re-illusioned. He did the same to Harry and then said in a hushed voice, "Now stay still everyone, while I give us a bit of light."There was a soft hissing sound and then lights filled the old-fashioned gas lamps all along the walls, illuminating the wall with an golden sort of light that instantly made the place feel warmer, though not much more comfortable. The light wasn't much, but just enough for Calla to make out the grey cobwebs that lingered further down the hall to show the peeling, tired looking wallpaper. Portraits hung on the walls, blackened and faded by age. Something scuttled somewhere behind the skirting board, and Calla made out the faintly shining candelabra nearby, shaped like a twisted serpent similarly to the doorknocker outside. This whole place filled her with a great sense of unease, but before she could mention it, Mrs Weasley hurried in, hugged them both so tightly Calla thought she would crush her and said in an urgent voice, "He's just arrived, the meeting's started."Calla looked at Remus in confusion as the others all made excited sounds. "Who-""We've to go in," Remus told her, and didn't meet her eyes. "But it's just for the Order. Molly'll show you upstairs."He slipped past and Calla stared at his back as Mrs Weasley started ushering them upstairs. "Ron and Hermione are upstairs already, you can wait with them until the meeting's over, then we'll have dinner.""Hermione's here too?" Calla asked, unsure of the cold trickling in her stomach at that knowledge. Hermione was here, and Mrs Weasley. Had they all been here, holed up together, while she and Harry were left behind the whole time? Her brother's mouth thinned and his cheeks paled in annoyance."Yes, dear. Now, keep your voice down in the hall.""Why?""I don't want anything to wake up.""Wake up?""I'll explain later, I've got to hurry, I'm supposed to be in the meeting - I'll show you where you're sleeping."She pressed her finger to her lips and led them down the narrow hallway, past a pair of long and rather moth eaten curtains and a rather oddly leg-like umbrella stand as they turned up the stairs. Along the walls were mounted, shrivelled-looking house elf heads. "What the-""Quiet, dear," Mrs Weasley said, though she appeared to share Calla's distaste for the decorations."That's creepy," she whispered to Harry, who nodded, eyes wide. "I don't like this place." She had a horrible feeling about everything in this house. It looked like it had to belong to only the Darkest wizards. She knew it was likely Sirius' house, and his family hadn't exactly been pleasant, but this house felt like poison."I'm afraid I've really got to dash to this meeting," Mrs Weasley said as they reached the second floor landing. "You're in there with Ron, Harry. Calla, you're with the girls, Hermione'll show you. She ought to be inside with Ron now. We'll call you when the meeting's over."And she turned and hurried back down the creepy staircase. Calla and Harry exchanged a confused glance. "They've been here the whole time?" Calla asked, looking at the door. "With the Order?" With Remus and Sirius. And without them. She clenched her jaw, and saw Harry do the same as they crossed the gloomy landing, and opened the door.Her eyes only caught snippets of the two beds in the room and the high, decorated ceiling, before there was a loud shriek and she was suddenly hit in the face by a lot of wild, frizzy hair. Matilda screeched and jumped out of her arms, as Harry almost went flying past her into the hallway, knocked back by Hermione. She blinked, as Ron's tiny owl Pigwidgeon flew in excited circles around their heads. "Harry!" Hermione cried, as Calla caught Ron's eye over her head. "Ron, they're here, Harry and Calla are here! We didn't hear you come in!" She reached a hand out and yanked Calla into a hug, too. "Oh, how are you both? Are you alright? Have you been furious with us? Oh, I bet you have, I know our letters were useless, but we couldn't tell you anything, Dumbledore made us swear we wouldn't.""Dumbledore is-" Calla started, but Hermione wasn't finished."But we've ever so much to tell you, and you've got things to tell us - the Dementors! When we heard - and that Ministry hearing - it's just outrageous, I've looked it up and they simply can't expel you, they just can't, there's provision in the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic in life-threatening situation-""Let them breathe, Hermione," Ron said, catching Calla's eye and grinning exasperatedly. She didn't find it in herself to grin back as she slipped out from Hermione's arms and waved, seeing him properly. He'd grown another few inches since Calla had last seen him - or maybe she just hadn't been paying enough attention - and was now more gangly than ever.She was about to open her mouth to finally say hello when Matilda let out an excited yowl, and something brown and feathery flew straight towards Calla, landing stubbornly on her head and digging its talons in slightly, on the opposite side to her scar. She glanced up with a grin. "Nice to see you too, Moony." Her owl gave a satisfied hoot."Hedwig!" Harry said, stroking his own owl gently."She's been in a right state," Ron said, nodding at Hedwig. "Well, they both have, but she was most of all. Pecked us to death when she brought us your letters, look at this!" He held up his hand, showing them the index finger which seemed to have been deeply cut, though it was healing now."Ouch.""Sorry about that," Harry said. "But I wanted answers, you know." He glanced at Calla. "We both did.""We wanted to give them to you, mate." Matilda was pawing at Calla's ankle so she sighed and picked her up, so that she could proceed to bat at Moony's feathers and cause her to soar up into the air, hooting indignantly. Calla grinned. "Hermione was going spare, she kept saying you'd do something reckless if you were stuck all on your own for so long - I mean, without any of us - and without news. But Dumbledore made us-""Swear not to tell us anything," Harry finished for him, looking frustrated. "Yeah I got that.""Have you heard from Daphne and Padma at all, Calla?" Hermione asked, looking rather apprehensively away from Harry."Yeah," she said, and pursed her lips. "They don't know much - much less than the two of you do, I'd say - but what they do know they've told us. They came to visit a couple of weeks ago, didn't they, Harry?"Harry blinked, looking at her, and then back at Ron and Hermione with a hard look in his eyes. "Yeah, they did.""Good," Hermione said, sounding rather strained as Harry went back to sullenly stroking Hedwig's feathers. Not knowing what to say when the three of them weren't talking, Calla leaned against the wall and held out her fingers for Matilda to lick gently, scratching her behind the ears. "He seemed to think it was for the best," Hermione said when it was clear neither of the twins were going to say anything. "Dumbledore, I mean.""Right."Calla shot Harry a warning look, but he ignored it flatly and she shook her head. She'd have to write Daphne and Padma soon, in case they came to see her again, but she wasn't sure what to say. Somehow, she didn't think revealing the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix would be a great idea. "So you've seen Dumbledore, then?" she asked quietly. "You've spoken to him?"Ron and Hermione exchanged a glance. "Well, not much. He mainly talks to the adults in the meetings, and he rarely visits anyway. We don't get anywhere near the meetings." She nodded silently. She'd have to pick a time when he was here to try and speak to him, but she didn't even know what she wanted to say. She imagined that conversation. Hello? How's your Summer been? I got attacked by Dementors and you've completely ignored me and my brother. It was great fun, thanks for asking. "He seemed to think you were safest with the Muggles," Ron said as though he knew what Calla was thinking."Can't have been that safe, can we?" Harry muttered, and raised his eyebrows. "Have either of you two been attacked by Dementors this Summer?""Well, no - but that's why he's been having people from the Order following you two all the time.""Didn't work that well though, did it?" Harry asked, and Calla could hear from his voice that he was struggling to keep his temper down. She was torn between trying to stop him from saying something he regretted, and giving him someone else to take out his anger on that wasn't her. And she sort of wanted to see Ron and Hermione get a talking to. "We had to look after ourselves anyway, didn't we? No one else showed up to help us fight the Dementors. Calla got hurt and no one else was around except bloody Mrs Figg!""I only fainted," she mumbled, cheeks flaring in embarrassment when he brought it up."He was so angry," Hermione said. "Dumbledore. We saw him. When he found out Mundungus had left before his shift ended. He was scary.""Well, I'm glad he left," Harry said coldly, and Calla sent him a look, which he ignored. "If he hadn't, I might never have done magic and Dumbledore would have probably left us there all Summer." Calla couldn't bring herself to agree. She glanced away and walked over to the window, staring down at the dimly lit square below. A pair of Muggle girls walked past laughing, and her heart gave a painful twinge."Aren't you worried about the Ministry hearing?" Hermione was asking Harry nervously."No," Harry said. Calla knew it was a lie, but she wasn't sure if Ron and Hermione would realise that, seeing as they hadn't yet cottoned onto Harry's anger. Or at least not enough to stop prodding him."So," Harry said after a long moment, "why's Dumbledore so keen to keep the two of us in the dark? Did you, er, bother to ask him at all?"Someone was walking their Labrador on the pavement. Matilda hissed at it. "It can't see you," Calla whispered to her, holding her cat closer. "None of them can."She could feel the others looking at her and turned around with a small smile. "Don't mind me," she said, trying to be cheerful. "Just looking around."Ron and Hermione exchanged a worried, confused sort of glance as Calla leaned back against the windowsill, watching the three of them."We told Dumbledore we wanted to tell you what was going on," Ron said. "We did, mate. But he's really busy now, we've only seen him twice since we came here and he didn't have much time, he only made us swear not to tell you anything important in our letters. He said the owls might get intercepted.""Didn't stop you from visiting though, did it?" Harry asked them lowly. "Daphne and Padma and Isobel did!""We've been here," Hermione said, looking anxious, "we weren't allowed to just disappear out and see you.""Daphne snuck out. And Dumbledore, or someone, could have still kept us informed without owls. You're not telling me he doesn't know how to send messages without them." Calla thought for a moment of Remus. Why hadn't he come to see them, even once? Frustration built behind her eyes as she squeezed Matilda tighter, eliciting a hiss as she scratched her arm."I thought so," Hermione said, with a glance at Ron. "But he didn't want you to know anything.""Maybe he thinks we can't be trusted," Harry said."Don't be thick," Ron said, looking disconcerted."Or that we can't take care of ourselves.""Harry...""No, Calla. You were annoyed as much as I was!""I know," she said softly, frowning. "I know, but he's... Well, it's like you say, he's busy." She tried not to sound too bitter but from the wary looks on Hermione and Ron's faces, she was unsuccessful. "Probably thinks I'm useless anyway.""Of course he doesn't think that!" Hermione insisted. Calla couldn't stop herself from glaring at her, and she looked slightly unnerved."Then how come we've got to stay with the Dursleys all Summer?" Harry asked hotly, and Calla could hear his voice getting louder and a bit higher, just as his temper was rising. She kept a gentle, steadying hand on Matilda's back. "Apparently, it was for our protection! And how come you two get to stay here and get to join in everything that's going on in here? Remus and Sirius didn't even say anything to us, and you've been staying with them, here, haven't you? How come you two are allowed to know everything that's going on?""We're not!" Ron interrupted loudly. "Mum won't let us anywhere near the meetings, she says we're too young!""SO YOU HAVEN'T BEEN IN THE MEETINGS!" Harry yelled. "BIG DEAL! YOU'VE STILL BEEN HERE, HAVEN'T YOU? YOU'VE STILL BEEN TOGETHER! YOU'VE BEEN WITH EVERYONE IN THE ORDER, YOU'VE - YOU'VE BEEN WITH REMUS AND SIRIUS! AND US? WE'VE BEEN STUCK IN SURREY FOR A MONTH! AND WE'VE HANDLED MORE THAN THE TWO OF YOU HAVE EVER MANAGED AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT! WHO SAVED THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE? WHO STOPPED RIDDLE? WHO SAVED ALL YOUR SKINS FROM THE DEMENTORS?" Calla flinched at his words, and both Matilda and Moony took fright at her brother's explosive words, Matilda leaping from Calla's arm and Moony flying with a hoot onto the top of the wardrobe with Hedwig. "WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES AND EVERY OTHER FOUL THING LAST YEAR? WHO SAW HIM COME BACK?""Harry..." Calla interrupted again, her head starting to pound. "Stop."He paid her no heed. "WHO HAD TO ESCAPE HIM? I DID - WE DID, ME AND CALLA!" Hermione looked like she was going to cry, Ron staring at Harry in shock. Calla steadied herself against the windowsill, squeezing her eyes shut in a futile attempt to block it all out and focus her breathing. Harry shouting at his best friends wasn't actually that much better than him shouting at Calla, not when she was standing there and hearing all of it. "BUT WHY SHOULD WE GET TO KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON? WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL US WHAT'S HAPPENING?""Harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did-""CAN'T'VE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOU WOULD'VE SENT AN OWL, OR COME TO SEE US, BUT NO, DUMBLEDORE MADE YOU SWEAR!""Well, he did-""FOUR WEEKS WE'VE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE! FISHING PAPERS OUT OF BINS AND LYING IN FLOWERBEDS LISTENING TO THE NEWS JUST TO TRY AND HEAR WHAT'S GOING ON!""You said Daphne-""DID A FAT LOT MORE THAN EITHER OF YOU TRIED TO DO! I BET YOU'VE ALL BEEN HAVING A RIGHT LAUGH HERE, ALL HOLED UP TOGETHER!""No, honest-""Harry, we really are sorry," Hermione said pleadingly. "You're absolutely right, I would be furious if it were me.""But it's not you," Calla said quietly, looking at her. "It's us." She glanced at Harry, and swallowed the lump in her throat. "It's all well and good following us, but what would have been better is if we were actually protected? If we actually knew what was happening, not just worried and scared of whatever was coming." She shook her head, blinking. Ron was staring at her, but she caught Harry's eye and nodded. "I'm just saying.""I know," Hermione said quickly, clearly worried that Calla was going to have an outburst like Harry had just had. "I know, Calla, I know you must have been scared, but Dumbledore-""I know," she said tiredly, rubbing her forehead. Her scar flickered with burning pain. What time even was it? "I know."There was a long, tense pause. Harry started pacing and Calla set about silently trying to persuade Matilda to come out from underneath the bed. "What is this place anyway?" Harry asked sharply, and frightened Matilda back into the shadows. Calla pulled a face and made tsking sounds to entice her out again."Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix," Ron said immediately."We know that," Harry bit back."It's a secret society," Hermione said. "Dumbledore set it up, to fight You-Know-Who. He's in charge, he founded it. It's the people who fought him last time.""We know that too," Harry said. Matilda finally came back towards her, though she didn't go back into Calla's arms, just crawled onto a bed and curled up, eyes fixed on Harry. "Who's in it?""Quite a few people, actually.""We've met about twenty of them," said Ron. "But we think there are more."Harry was glaring at them. "Well?""Well, what?""Voldemort!" Harry shouted.With a slight shiver, Calla sank down onto the bed, sensing another outburst may be on its way, and took out a book from the bag she'd put underneath the bed, tuning out as she started on Sense and Sensibility, as Harry continued to growl around Ron and Hermione, and she picked up only brief snippets about extendable ears and guard duties until Hermione let out a shriek and Calla jumped off the bed in shock as Fred and George appeared. Matilda hissed at them from the bed. "Stop doing that!" Hermione said to the twins."Hello, Harry," George said. "Thought we could hear your dulcet tones. And dear Calla's here too." He grinned over at her and she smiled feebly back before turning back to her book. At least Harry was less likely to start shouting with the twins present."You don't want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry," Fred said. "Just let it all out. There might be a couple of Muggles fifty miles away who couldn't hear you.""You two passed your Apparition test, then?" Harry asked wearily."With distinction," Fred said proudly, and held up a long piece of light, flesh coloured skin. Calla grimaced at it."It would have taken you about thirty seconds longer to take the stairs," Ron muttered."Time is galleons, little brother," Fred said. "Anyway, Harry, you're interfering with reception. Extendable Ears, see. We're trying to hear what's going on downstairs.""You ought to be careful with those," Ron warned him. "Mum catches you at it again...""It's worth the risk," Fred said, "that's a very big meeting they're having in there."The door opened and Calla glanced up to see Ginny Weasley standing in the doorway with her arms folded, a long stream of red hair falling down her back. "Oh, hello, you two!" she said cheerfully. "I thought I heard your voice, Harry." She then turned to Fred and George. "It's a no-go with the ears, she's gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the door.""How d'you know?" George looked extremely out out."Tonks told me how to find out," Ginny said. "You just have to chuck stuff at the door and if it bounces off then she's put an Imperturbable Charm on it. I've been flicking Dungbombs at it from the stairs and they just soar away from it, so there's no chance of the Extendable Ears getting through.""Shame," Fred sighed heavily. "I really fancied hearing what old Snape's up to.""Snape?" Harry asked sharply, glancing up. "He's here? He's in the Order?""Yeah," George said, closing the door carefully behind Ginny and sitting on the bed opposite Calla; Fred and Ginny followed. "Giving an important report. Top secret.""Git," Fred said idly."He's on our side now," Hermione said, though she didn't sound particularly convince to Calla.Ron snorted. "Doesn't stop him being a git. The way he looks at us when he sees us.""Bill doesn't like him either," Ginny said, as though that settled the matter.Harry sighed a little and came to sit on the bed next to Calla, patting Matilda gently on the head. "Is Bill here?" he asked. "I thought he was still working in Egypt.""He was. Took a desk job so he could come home and be with the Order. He says he misses the tombs." Fred smirked. "But there are compensations.""Compensations?" Calla asked, raising her brows."What d'you mean?""Remember old Fleur Delacour?" Calla nodded quickly, smiling. So Fleur had gotten talking to Bill, after all. "She's taken a job at Gringotts to improve her English.""And Bill's been giving her a lot of private lessons," Fred said, sniggering.Calla smiled. "Good for her." Ginny pulled a face."Charlie's in the Order too," George told her. "Only he's still in Romania, because Dumbledore thinks it's good to have someone abroad who can make connections with foreign wizards. He wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible, so Charlie's been making contacts on his days off.""Couldn't Percy do that?" Harry asked, and Calla noted that Ginny pulled a face again. The others all exchanged significant looks."What?" she asked, frowning."Whatever you do," Ron warned them tensely, "don't mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad.""Why not?""Because whenever Percy's name gets mentioned, Dad breaks whatever he's holding and Mum starts crying.""It's been awful.""I think we're well shot of him.""What's happened?" Harry asked, looking as confused as Calla felt."Percy and Dad had a row," Fred explained. "I've never heard Dad shout at anyone like that. It's normally Mum who does the shouting.""It was the first week back after term ended," Ron said. "We were about to come and join the Order. Percy came home and said he'd been promoted.""You're kidding?"After what had happened with Mr Crouch, Calla found it highly surprising that Percy would have been offered a promotion. From what little Bill had said when they saw him, he sounded like he'd been in big trouble. "Yeah, we were all surprised," George said, "because he got into loads of trouble for all that stuff about Crouch. There was an enquiry and everything. They say Percy ought to have realised Crouch was off his rocker and informed a superior. But you know Percy. Crouch left him in charge and he wasn't going to complain.""So how come they've promoted him?""That's what we all wondered. He came home really pleased with himself, even more pleased than usual. Told Dad he'd been offered a position in Fudge's office, a really good one for someone only a year out of school. Junior Assistant to the Minister. He expected Dad to be all impressed, I think.""Only Dad wasn't.""How come?""Well, apparently Fudge's been storming about the Ministry checking that no one's been having any contact with Dumbledore.""Dumbledore's name is mud with the Ministry these days," Fred said. "They all think he's just making trouble by saying You-Know-Who's back.""What?""Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone who's in league with Dumbledore can clear out their desks and leave.""What?""Trouble is," Fred went on, with a glance at Calla, "Fudge suspects Dad. He's always known Dad's friendly with Dumbledore and he's thought he's a bit weird because he likes Muggles so much.""There's nothing wrong with Muggles," Calla said with an indignant frown, and Fred grinned at her."I quite agree with you, Calla.""But what's this got to do with Percy?" Harry interrupted."I'm coming to that." Fred sighed dramatically, catching Calla's eye. "Dad reckons Fudge only wants Percy in his office so he can get information out of him and spy on the family and Dumbledore."Harry let out a low whistle. "I bet Percy loved that one."Ron laughed hollowly. "He went berserk, actually. He said some pretty terrible stuff. He said he's been having to struggle against Dad's lousy reputation ever since he joined the Ministry and that Dad's got no ambition and that that's why we've always been, you know, not had a lot of money, I mean-""What?"Ginny made a noise similar to that which Matilda made when she was annoyed; the cat looked up interestedly."I know," Ron said in a low voice. "And it got worse. He said Dad was an idiot to run around with Dumbledore, that Dumbledore was headed for big trouble and Dad was going to go down with him, and that he - Percy - knew where his loyalties lay and they were with the Ministry." Calla gaped. "And if Mum and Dad were going to be traitors to the Ministry then he was going to make sure everyone knew he didn't belong to our family anymore, and then he packed up his bags and left. He's living near here now."Calla was rather in shock. She'd never liked Percy much but she would never, ever have thought he'd say something like that to his own father. She couldn't imagine speaking like that to Remus. "Mum's been in a right state," Ron continued. "You know, crying and stuff. Came up to London to talk to him and he slammed the door in her face. I dunno what he does if he sees Dad at work - ignores him, I suppose.""But Percy must know Voldemort's back," Harry said, clearly not catching on to the way everybody else winced at the name. "He's not stupid, he must know your mum and dad would never say those things without any proof.""Well, your names got dragged into the mud a bit," Ron admitted, nodding to Calla and Harry. She swallowed nervously. "Percy said the only proof's your word and, I dunno, he didn't seem to think that was good enough."Calla was stunned. "Our word and - and the fact I came back and was..." She struggled for words but they all seemed to understand.Ron shrugged. "Didn't seem to matter to him, I suppose."She gaped. If even Percy, someone who knew her, didn't believe her and Harry, didn't listen to what they said and didn't see the truth of what had happened... She had a bit less hope for the faith of the rest of the Wizarding community. "Percy takes the Daily Prophet very seriously.""Clearly," Calla muttered, getting to her feet. She swallowed, head ringing. He didn't believe them, had ignored everything that happened! And why? Because of a promotion, because of the Prophet, because he just - just didn't think they were trust worthy? Because he couldn't look at the evidence and see the reality in front of him? Because, she realised, he was just like all the rest of the world, content to ignore the greater issues in favour of temporary comfort. Just like Fudge. "What do they think happened, then? Him and the rest of the Ministry? Do they think I just - just..." She pursed her lips, huffing. "Well?""I don't know, Calla," Fred said, shaking his head. "Dad says they're in denial. Saying it's just the Death Eaters, that they're cracking down, but they haven't made any arrests since Pettigrew got the Kiss. I suppose Fudge just doesn't want to lose his position."She pursed her lips. "They're ridiculous.""We agree," Hermione said quickly, and sent Calla a nervous glance like she expected Calla to explode now Harry had calmed down. "We think it's terrible the way the Prophet's been writing about the two of you.""Don't remind me," Calla groaned."Yeah," Harry said suddenly, "I wondered about that. I haven't read all of it, but it sounded a lot like Skeeter's work.""Oh, no," Hermione said, with a smug smile, "she hasn't been writing anything recently. They're sort of, well... they are building on her stuff, aren't they?"Harry huffed and looked moodily at the floor. "Great. So everyone thinks I'm deluded and some... attention seeker then?""Well, not everybody," Hermione said nervously and both Harry and Calla gave her a tired look. "Well, yes, some people do. Quite a few. But it's just propaganda!""Effective propaganda, by the sounds of it," Calla muttered."They want to make the two of you - and Dumbledore - into people no one will believe. You know, how if someone has some far fetched story they'll say it's a tale worthy of the Potters, or how if anyone has a funny accident-""Yeah, I do read, Hermione," Harry muttered angrily."I know you do," Hermione said quickly. "But the point is, they're trying to discredit you. If people think you want them to worship you-""We don't want anyone to worship us!""I know that, Harry! They want people on the street to think you - you're some stupid boy who thinks everyone's a joke, and that Calla's a - a silly, deluded girl who's lost her mind!" Calla winced. "That you just want to exaggerate what you've been through, because you love being famous and want to bank on a little bit of extra fame!""I didn't ask - I didn't want - Voldemort killed our parents!" Harry spluttered, getting abruptly to his feet. "We got famous because they murdered our parents and he couldn't kill me! Who wants to be famous for that? Don't you think we'd rather it never-""We know, Harry," Ginny said earnestly."And of course they didn't report a word about those Dementors attacking you!""We know, Hermione," Calla said tiredly, and got to her feet. "We know what they've been saying about us, you don't have to remind us again."Hermione flushed, looking a little bit put out. A moment later there were footsteps on the stairs and Fred and George hastily hid the Extendable Ears and vanished with a sharp crack as Calla turned to the door. Mrs Weasley stepped inside. "The meeting's over, you lot can come down and have dinner. Everyone's dying to see the two of you, Harry, Calla. And who's left all those Dungbombs outside of the kitchen?""That's Crookshanks," Ginny said, quite unabashed. "He loves playing with them.""So does Matilda," Calla put in helpfully with a small smile at Ginny. "I think it's some weird cat thing.""Oh," said Mrs Weasley. "I thought it might have been Kreacher, he likes doing strange things like that. Now don't forget to keep your voices down in the hall. Ginny, your hands are filthy, what have you been doing? Go and wash them before dinner.""I had better wash my hands, too," Calla said, getting up. Matilda dropped from her arms and scampered over to Hermione. She followed Ginny out of the room, after Mrs Weasley. "Who's Kreacher, then?" she whispered."House elf," Ginny told her. "He's mental, he's been here for years apparently. No one likes him, and he's horrible, but Hermione keeps saying we need to be nice to him. She's mental, too."Calla smiled. "She could be right, though.""Nah, you've not met Kreacher. Just wait till you do, then you'll know." She showed Calla into the bathroom, where they washed their hands quickly. "You are alright? You've been quiet.""Harry's been loud," Calla countered, and Ginny grinned."Yeah, he has, hasn't he? I get it, though. I like shouting at people too sometimes. And I'd hate to be cooped up all Summer, especially..." She looked a bit awkward as they left. "Well, I get it. You're in with me and Hermione, there'll be a lot less shouting there."Calla cracked a smile as they descended the stairs. They barely got down before something screamed down below and Calla jumped out of her skin, almost hitting off of one of the creepy stuffed house elf heads. "What's that?" she asked, clamping her hands over her ears as it seemed the whole house seemed to awaken and start yelling, too."Filth! Scum! By-products of dirt and vileness! Half-breed freaks, be gone from this place! How dare you befoul the house of my fore fathers!""Ms Black," Ginny whispered, wincing as she held her hands over her ears. "Bitch. She doesn't like anyone.""Ms Black?" Calla hurried down the stairs in confusion, just in time to see someone familiar streak towards the curtains, which had been blown open to reveal a screaming portrait of a woman, and yank them shut. The screaming subsided and she took her hands off of her ears as Sirius turned, panting, and wiped his hair from his brow."Ah," he said, grinning, "Hello there. I see you've met my mother.""Your-""My dear old mum, yeah." Sirius' voice sounded bitter, but his face brightened as Harry appeared at Calla's shoulder, seemingly just as bewildered by the screaming. "Harry! Come on, we had better get downstairs."He led them out the hall and down a set of narrow stone stairs. "So when you said you were setting up your house...""My parents' house, yeah. I wouldn't be back if it were up to me, but I'm the last of the Blacks, so it's mine now, and Dumbledore wanted it for Headquarters." Calla didn't miss the bitter hint in his voice. "One of the few useful things I've been able to do.""I think I preferred the flat," Calla said, wrinkling her nose as they descended into the basement, which was hardly any less gloomy than the upstairs. The only light came from the fire at the end of the hall, partly obscured by a wooden table that had been crammed in."You and me both, Calla. It's just a good thing I'm able to get out of this place. I think I'd go mad if I was cooped up.""I can see why," she said, thinking back to the house elf heads on the wall.She peered through the smoke lingering in the air to where Mr Weasley and Bill sat at the end of the table, speaking in a low conversation. Mrs Weasley cleared her throat. Mr Weasley glanced up and beamed. "Harry! Calla!" He hurried forwards to shake their hands vigorously. "Good to see you, good to see you!"Over his shoulder, Bill was anxiously trying to collect the rolls of parchment that had been littered over the table. Calla tried to get a peek, they looked important and she doubted any of the information on them would be shared with her otherwise. "Journey alright?" Bill called along the table to them. "Mad-Eye didn't take you via Greenland, then?""He tried," Tonks said, striding over to help him clear up the rolls of parchment, but knocked a candle over onto the last roll. "Sorry!""Here, dear," Mrs Weasley said exasperatedly, repairing the parchment with a wave of her wand.Calla glanced at the parchment as it went through the air. It looked like the map of a building. She frowned, but Mrs Weasley had caught her looking and stuffed the parchment into Bill's arms. "This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of meetings," she told Bill and set off towards the dresser, taking out dinner plates."I'll give you a hand," Calla said quickly, slipping away from Sirius and Harry. Mrs Weasley looked like she would protest, but Calla smiled and joined her insistently. "How have you been?" she asked her quietly."Alright, alright," Mrs Weasley said. "It's been a business getting this place in order, but needs must, and the wards around it make it the perfect place for the Order." She smiled gently at Calla, in an almost pitying way. "I ought to be asking how you are, dear. Ron said he has barely heard from you, only Harry, and I know you aren't as close but you gave us all such a fright, I can't help but be concerned."Calla blinked in surprise that Ron had mentioned it; but she couldn't help feel slightly assured by the fact that he'd cared about her lack of communication, when it wasn't really much less than usual."I'm alright," she said slowly, and it was a lie, but she was at least more alright than she had been a few months ago. "It's strange being here, though.""Oh, dear," Mrs Weasley said, and hugged her tightly. Calla was surprised by the action, but hugged her back, too. "I'm sure it must be. We'll look after you, though, and Hermione and Ginny can keep you company." Calla nodded thickly as Mrs Weasley released her. "Now, you take a seat, dear. The rest of you can give me a hand, though.""I'd really rather be doing something," Calla told Mrs Weasley quietly, who looked disapproving at first, but then sighed."Alright. You can cut some vegetables for me. By hand, though.""Of course," Calla said, though she felt cheered. Cutting carrots by hand was a practice she was used to, and it was mundane and practical. Hermione, Ron and Ginny were taking goblets, cutlery, plates and more food from the pantry, while Calla continued her rhythmic slicing and cutting, handing over the prepped ingredients to Mrs Weasley to add into her cauldron. It smelled quite lovely, and Calla's stomach grumbled. Mrs Weasley let her watch the cauldron as the stew stirred of its own accord, and she kept herself focused on that instead of the conversation Harry, Sirius and Mundungus Fletcher were having behind her.The stew was surprisingly quick to be ready, no doubt due to magic in some form, and Fred and George were tasked with taking it to the table. "Watch this," Fred said, with a bright grin, and Calla's eyes widened as he took his wand out."I'm not sure that's a very safe idea."He didn't listen to her, of course. The next second, Mrs Weasley was yelling at them to just carry their things, as they sent the cauldron of stew, a flagon of butterbeer, a heavy wooden breadboard and a sharp knife flying through the air towards Harry, Sirius and Mundungus. "I did tell you," Calla muttered, as Mrs Weasley hastened to save the stew from toppling onto the floor and spilling."FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE!" Mrs Weasley cried. "THERE WAS NO NEED! I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF THIS! JUST BECAUSE YOU CAN USE MAGIC NOW DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN WHIP YOUR WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING!""Boys," Mr Weasley said, lifting the stew into the middle of the table. "Your mother's right, you're meant to show a sense of responsibility now you've come of age."Calla resisted a laugh. The idea of Fred and George ever bearing any sort of responsibility was laughable."None of your brothers ever showed this much trouble!" Mrs Weasley continued on angrily. She slammed a fresh flagon of Butterbeer onto the table. "Bill didn't feel the need to Apparate every few feet! Charlie didn't charm everything he could see! Percy-"She broke off very abruptly. Mr Weasley's face was wooden. "Let's eat," Bill said quickly. Calla hurried silently over to the seat beside Remus, eyes wide."It looks wonderful, Molly," Remus said, ladling stew onto a plate and handing it across the table to her. Calla ladled herself her own plate. It indeed smelled and looked great, especially given the meagre rations she and her brother had been on the last few days.For a few minutes no one spoke, instead savouring their meal. Then Mrs Weasley turned to Sirius."I've been meaning to tell you, Sirius. There's something in that writing desk in the drawing room. It keeps rattling and shaking. Of course it could just be a Boggart, but I thought we ought to ask Alastor to take a look at it before we let it out.""Whatever you like," Sirius said with a tone of indifference. Calla caught Remus' eye, and he was frowning at Sirius like he'd caught it too."The curtains in there are full of Doxys, too. I thought we might try and tackle them tomorrow.""I can't wait." He was definitely being sarcastic now.Calla looked at Remus who said quietly, "Dumbledore doesn't want the Ministry to know Sirius is involved with any of this - not that they should know what we're up to anyway. He's a press target already and we don't want to do anything to compromise Headquarters. So he hasn't gotten out very much. He was very disappointed not to be part of the team coming to get you two.""Hmm." Calla looked at Sirius, frowning. "Yeah, I can see he's a bit restless.""He always has been," Remus said, rather fondly. He turned to her, eyes gentle. "I didn't quite get the chance to ask properly how you are?""I'm fine," she told him instinctively, and ate more stew as though to prove it.Remus sighed. "It's alright not to be, Calla. In fact, it's completely normal."She swallowed deeply. "I know. But I just don't really want to talk about it.""Talking about it-""Helps. I know. But not without everyone around here. Please."She caught Harry looking at them and smiled weakly at him. "Alright," Remus said quietly. "But I do want to talk to both of you. You do need to know... What's happening."Calla smiled faintly and looked away. While Remus fell silent, she took the opportunity to pick up on the intense conversation which Bill and Mr Weasley were having about goblins next to them. "They're not giving anything away yet," Bill said. "I still can't work out whether or not they believe he's back. Course, they might prefer not to take sides at all. Keep out of it.""I don't think they'd ever really go over to You-Know-Who," Mr Weasley said. "They've suffered losses too; remember that goblin family he murdered last time, somewhere near Nottingham?""It all depends on what they're offered," Remus said, and Calla listened in curiously. "And I'm not talking about gold. If they're offered the freedoms and privileges we've been denying them for centuries, they're going to be tempted." Calla nodded her agreement. "Have you had any more luck with Ragnok, Bill?""He's feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment. He's still raging about the Bagman incident. He reckons the Ministry's done a cover up job. Those goblins never got their gold from him, you know."There was a loud round of laughter from the middle of the table where Mundungus Fletcher was telling Fred, George and Ron about how he conned someone out of his toads. Wrinkling her nose in distaste, Calla went back to her dinner. "How come he got in the Order anyway?" she asked Remus."Knows all the crooks. And he owes Dumbledore, I think he got him out of a tight spot once." Remus shook his head. "I can't forgive him for leaving the two of you when he was meant to be tailing you, though. If Dumbledore had only let Sirius or I..." He sighed. Calla didn't meet his eyes. "We're still not really meant to tell you anything. None of the other children are allowed, largely due to Molly not wanting them putting themselves in harm's way. But Sirius and I both agreed, if you and Harry want to know, well, it's only your right to be told, especially after what you've been through."Calla sighed. It scared her, but it was also greatly relieving to know that Remus would tell them the answers to all their questions. Now they had people firmly looking out for them, and having all the facts, terrifying as those facts may be, would mean she could protect herself better, and be prepared for what was coming. "Thanks," she said, as Mrs Weasley returned with a large rhubarb crumble.The table was loud and rowdy, and it was still awfully late at night. She hoped it would be done soon, and then she, Harry, Remus and Sirius could have a conversation in the morning when they were all refreshed and calm. "Nearly time for bed I think," Mrs Weasley said, just as Calla was beginning to think the same."Not so fast, Molly." Sirius glanced between Harry and Calla. "You know, I'd thought the first thing that you two would do when you got here would be to start asking questions about Voldemort."The room stilled. Calla could feel the atmosphere tense and the room seemed to drop several degrees. She glanced sharply at Remus, who lowered his goblet of wine, looking wary. "I did!" Harry said, sounding rather indignant. Clearly he didn't like Sirius' assumption that he wasn't doing anything. "We asked Ron and Hermione and they said we're not allowed in the Order!""And they're quite right," Mrs Weasley said sternly, sitting very upright in her chair. "You're much too young.""Since when did someone have to be in the Order to ask questions?" Sirius asked. He seemed like he was jumping on the opportunity to challenge Mrs Weasley, for whatever reason. It slightly rubbed Calla the wrong way, and she could tell Remus was nervous about it, too. "Harry and Calla have been trapped in that Muggle house for a month - and I think you recall how opposed I was to that. They've the right to ask.""Hang on!" Fred said indignantly."How come they get their questions answered!""Sirius," Remus said, with a warning look. "Perhaps now is not the time." Sirius didn't back down, though."We've been trying to get stuff out of you for a month and we haven't had a single stinking question answered!" George protested."You're too young, you're not in the Order." Fred mocked, and rolled his eyes in disgust. "Harry and Calla aren't even of age!""It's not my fault you haven't been told what the Order's doing," Sirius said calmly, "that's your parents' decision. Harry and Calla on the other hand-""It's not down to you to decide what's good for them!" Mrs Weasley said sharply. Calla stared at her. It wasn't down to Sirius, no, but it wasn't her place either. If Remus thought they should know, then they should. "You've forgotten what Dumbledore said, I suppose?""Which bit?" Sirius asked with strained politeness."The bit about not telling them more than they need to know," Mrs Weasley said, placing emphasis on the end."And how does Dumbledore decide what we need to know?" Calla asked quietly. Dozens of pairs of eyes swivelled to her, and she flushed. "He's messed up on that point before.""Calla makes an excellent point," Sirius said, with an appreciative smile. "We don't know everything or what they really need to know. But seeing as they were the ones who saw Voldemort come back to life-" She shuddered despite herself "-I think they have more right than most to-""They're not members of the Order of the Phoenix!" Mrs Weasley said sharply. "They're only fifteen and-""And they've dealt with as much as anyone in the Order," Sirius said. "And more than some.""That's enough," Remus said, before either of them could go further. Calla was immensely grateful that he'd spoken. "Sirius is right, Molly, and we've discussed this already. If Calla and Harry want to know what's going on, we can tell them some, if not all, of the facts. They are still children, but that doesn't mean Voldemort is going to treat them as such. We've seen that already." Calla shivered, but smiled at Remus gratefully, as did Harry. "Further to that," he said, just as Mrs Weasley opened her mouth again, "I think Calla and Harry ought to have a say in this, actually. They're old enough to decide for themselves.""We want to know what's going on," Harry said at once, and Calla nodded."We do.""We're not children."Mrs Weasley's lips thinned. "Very well," she said, and her voice cracked a bit. "Ginny - Ron - Hermione - Fred - George - I want all of you out of this kitchen.""We're of age!" Fred and George bellowed."If they're allowed, why can't I?""Mum, I want to hear!" Ginny wailed in protest."NO!" Mrs Weasley shouted, standing up abruptly. She looked fierce, and Calla was rather glad she wasn't on the receiving end. She exchanged a glance with Remus, who seemed exceptionally awkward about the sudden situation. "I absolutely forbid it!""Molly, you can't stop Fred and George," Mr Weasley said wearily. "They're both of age now.""They're still at school.""But they are legally adults now.""I - oh, alright then, they can stay, but Ron-""Harry and Calla'll tell me and Hermione everything you say anyway," Ron said furiously. "Won't - won't you?"For a second, there was silence, and Calla thought Harry might refuse, but after a moment he said - with an only slightly begrudging air - "Course I will.""Fine!" Mrs Weasley shouted, as Ron and Hermione beamed. "Fine! Ginny - BED!"Ginny looked indignantly at Calla, as though expecting her to say something. "To be fair," she said quietly, "Ginny's only really a few months younger than Harry and I."Ginny grinned. "And Calla'll tell me what happens besides, won't you?"Mrs Weasley looked furious. Sirius looked quietly delighted. "Arthur?"Mr Weasley sighed. "If the others know, it will be difficult to keep Ginny out of the loop anyway.""I am very persuasive," Ginny chirped."Fine! Fine, then! You can all stay and hear! Fine!" And Mrs Weasley slumped back into her chair with a scowl, defeated."Okay, Harry," Sirius said quietly, "Calla." He glanced briefly at Remus, who nodded. "What do you want to know?""Voldemort," Harry said immediately, before Calla had the chance to get a word in. "What's he up to? The Daily Prophet's been rubbish with reporting, but we've been watching the Muggle news, too - or at least, I have - and there's been nothing. Nothing funny, no disappearances or anything like that.""That's because Voldemort hasn't been up to anything," Sirius said. "There hasn't been anything funny - no disappearances, no deaths - at least as far as any of us know. And we know quite a bit.""More than he thinks we do, at any rate," Remus said, nodding."So he's lying low, then?" Calla asked, her suspicions confirmed."Last year didn't go quite as he had planned," Sirius said. "You quite ruined everything for him."Calla pursed her lips in frustration. She was glad she had, in some way, thwarted him, but she didn't need another reminder of that graveyard. Green light. Blood. Pain. Harry and Cedric, gone, Death Eaters closing in around her. Voldemort in her head, that absolute terror. Running through the darkness with no aim except survival."Yeah," she said quietly, looking at the table. She could feel Remus' nervous eyes on her."People know, or at least have some inkling that something's happening, no matter what the Ministry's trying to spout. They're on alert, and even keeping the papers quiet can't really hide what people are already scared of. Voldemort wanted time, wanted to hide as long as he could to regain his strength, but he knows now it's only a matter of time before something gives. Maybe, if things were different... They could have found it easier to deny. If people weren't already on alert about Pettigrew, and after the World Cup, if people hadn't insisted on Aurors, if you hadn't escaped... But they did, and you did. And Voldemort didn't quite count on that." He looked quite triumphant, Calla noticed, when she glanced up at him. But she didn't feel triumphant."He's still going to come after us," she said quietly. "Isn't he? He - he wants Harry dead and he said... He wants my magic." That, and the reminder of what Dumbledore had told her at the end of term, opened a new sort of terror inside of her. Everything she'd been trying to forget was coming back, and she could no longer avoid what had happened, avoid magic, as she had been trying to. Not with the order around her, with Harry demanding to know everything, in this house that reeked of magic, and dark magic at that. It was stifling, but she knew she couldn't very well leave."Voldemort has been after you two for years," Sirius said, which did nothing to reassure her."Sirius," Mrs Weasley said anxiously. "Perhaps...""It is the truth, Molly, and there is no use in hiding from it. But you are both as well-protected as you can be. Dumbledore-""It didn't protect us from the Dementors," Harry said. She could tell from his voice his temper was about to flare again. "Dumbledore didn't seem to give a toss about that!""You're here now," Sirius said. "I would have brought you here straight away if it were up to me, but given the circumstances, you had to return to be protected. You know that."Calla shut her eyes. She hated Privet Drive but at least there she wasn't reminded of that night, of magic and the wizard who had taken everything from her and still wanted more."As Sirius said," Remus put in, "You're safe now, and soon - because you will get through the trial, Harry, they can't expel you - you'll be back at Hogwarts, with Dumbledore. You will be safe." Even he didn't sound entirely convinced. Calla wished he was. She wished she could say she thought she would be safe at Hogwarts, that she actually wanted to go back."And what use is Dumbledore?""He's the only one he ever feared," Bill said plainly. "He won't hurt you with Dumbledore around.""Never stopped anyone before," Calla said quietly. "It didn't stop Quirrel, or Riddle. It didn't stop him last year, Dumbledore didn't even realise Crouch was impersonating Moody!" She was standing now, somehow, quite unintentionally. Blood rushed in her ears, a torrent. Everyone was looking at her. Her heart pounded and she swallowed her words. Even she had been suspicious of Moody, wary of him, and maybe it was only because of the map or because she didn't like his teaching, but how had Dumbledore not seen it? How had he let the Tournament happen? Everyone said he would protect them, that Hogwarts was safe, but it had never been safe. Nowhere in the magical world was now, if it ever had been."Calla," Remus said gently. "We know, but things are different. There will be so much extra security, and Dumbledore is determined that no harm will come to you or Harry - or any Hogwarts student.""Yeah, well." Her eyes stung with angry tears. "He was determined no one would be hurt in the Tournament, and look where we are now."Part of her wanted to leave the room right then and there, storm out the house and stay in Muggle London a little while longer, hiding from everything. "Dumbledore is doing everything he can," Mr Weasley said, a little testily. "And so are we.""What are you doing then?" Harry said, giving Calla a significant look. She sat down, hands trembling slightly."It's alright to be scared," Remus said quietly in her ear, as Sirius started talking about Voldemort's supposed plans. "No one blames you for it. You've been through an awful ordeal.""I know that," she said quietly. "I was there, wasn't it?""...build up his army again," Sirius was saying. "In the old days he had huge numbers at his disposal. Some witches and wizards he'd bullied or bdaitched into following him, his loyal Death Eaters, various Dark creatures. You heard him planning to recruit the giants. He'll be trying to amass a force. He can hardly take on the Ministry of Magic with twelve Death Eaters. It would," he added, and she could feel his eyes on her, "be helpful if we had more of an idea of what he was planning. What the future was holding."Calla swallowed. She'd been afraid someone would bring her up. "I don't know," she told Sirius, forcing herself to meet his eyes. "I don't know what he's up to, either."Everyone at the table looked quietly disappointed - apart from Harry, who knew everything, and only gave her a consoling look. "So what is the Ministry doing?" he asked, before anyone could question Calla. She gave him a grateful smile.Sirius laughed wryly. "Nothing.""Nothing?""Nothing.""Well," Tonks put in, "quite a few of the Aurors are. Moody, Kingsley and I are in the Order, and quite a few of our Department were there that night in Little Hangleton. Fudge is... Well, he's going a little bit far in trying to keep the details of that night from the public. Suspiciously far. We've been told we're not allowed to speak about it, and the investigation was closed before it could even begin. The office isn't happy at all. We are working on some quiet recruitment, but it's still not exactly going great. People need jobs and the Aurors are meant to be loyal to the Ministry above all.""How come? Don't people want to fight?""Fight what?" Sirius said, raising his eyebrows. "As far as Fudge is telling anyone, there's no threat from Voldemort. Course, a lot of people are skeptical after everything that's happened, but the Daily Prophet's the main news source and Fudge is doing an effective job of shutting them up. You saw that article on the Tournament?" Calla nodded stiffly. "Interesting how the journalist who wrote it hasn't written anything since.""Daphne told us that," she said quickly. "But they can't do that. And surely other people have noticed it, right? People need to know the truth!""Unfortunately," Sirius said, "people don't always want to know the truth. The first time, when Voldemort was around... Everyone lost someone. No one wants that again. Plus, Fudge knows his position's precarious enough as it is, he's not going to risk it by adding another wizarding war to his agenda, even if he did let himself believe Dumbledore."She slumped down. So no one was doing anything, really, to protect people - to protect her. She didn't know what she'd expected, yet she still managed to feel disappointed."But you're telling people, aren't you?" Harry asked urgently. "You're all getting the word out.""We're certainly trying," Tonks said. "The Aurors know what went on, like I said, but a lot of them are pretty in Fudge's pocket, including Scrimgeour. No one wants to lose their job, and all we've been told is to keep an eye on some suspects - funnily enough, our suspects don't quite align with Fudge's." A dark look came over her face but cleared in a moment. "Our awareness is good, it means we can act quickly if we need to, but we still need to be careful.""Fudge has been giving Dumbledore's supporters a fair bit of trouble recently," Mr Weasley said with a bitter look. Calla remembered what Ron had told them upstairs about Percy. "We don't want to risk getting the sack; having people placed in the Ministry is vital to our mission.""But the rest of you?""Well," Sirius said with a bitter laugh, "unfortunately I'm still not exactly popular given my reputation as a mass murderer - though I do have to wonder how people manage to believe me being a Death Eater, and at the same time not rely on my word that Voldemort's back. I'm trying to use family connections - purebloods - to get more of an inside look but I burned almost all those bridges years ago." He and Tonks exchanged a significant, rather dark look. "Not that many of them would support us anyway.""Yes," Remus said wryly. "Unfortunately, too many people choose simply to believe what they know, and what is convenient.""And you, Remus?"He laughed bitterly. "Too many people also refuse to believe the word of a werewolf." Calla ground her teeth. "We are trying, but none of us are exactly in great positions. Dumbledore's the one most people would listen to - which is exactly why the Ministry's doing everything they can to discredit him.""They kicked him off the - the Wizengamot, didn't they?"Remus nodded. "And he's lost his Chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards. They're saying he's lost his touch." Calla sighed. And they still said he was best placed to protect them? "They're talking about taking away his Order of Merlin, too.""But he says he doesn't care," Fred said with a grin, "so long as they don't take him off the chocolate frog cards.""It's no laughing matter," Mr Weasley told him sharply. "If he continues the way he is, he could end up in Azkaban, and that's the last thing we need right now!""What's Voldemort after apart from followers?" Harry asked, and Calla saw Remus and Sirius exchange an anxious look. Both of their gazes flicked to Calla, and she shivered uncomfortably."Stuff he can only get by stealth.""Like what?""Like a weapon. Something he didn't have last time.""When he was powerful before?""Yes. And there's something else, we think, though Dumbledore hasn't really said what yet. There's something he is trying to protect he doesn't think he can win without. Something that might be part of a larger scheme, which he's already lost a part of. It's separate from the weapon, we think. But if we had it... Dumbledore gave the impression that whatever Voldemort is guarding could be a weapon for us, too. But he seems to think it best to keep his cards close to his chest on that matter." This time, Sirius couldn't keep the bitterness out of his voice."But what sort of weapon is it?" Harry asked. Again their eyes went to Calla. She kept her own gaze steadfastly on the table, wishing she didn't have to be there. "Something worse than the Avada Kedavra-""That's enough!" Mrs Weasley slammed her hand down on the table, making Calla jump out of her seat with a squeak. "I want you in bed, now. All of you."Calla was the first to get up, wanting out of the stifling room as soon as possible, but none of the others followed. "You can't boss us!" George protested.""Oh, yes I can! Sirius, you've given Harry and Calla plenty of information, but any more and you might as well indict them into the Order straight away!""Why not?" Harry said quickly. "I want to join. If you're fighting Voldemort, then I want to fight, too." Sirius was beaming, but Calla felt a little sick. Even though part of her knew it was inevitable, she didn't want her brother anywhere near Voldemort."No," Remus said, making Calla immensely grateful, because she didn't think she would have been able to say it. "The Order is comprised only of overage wizards. Those who have already left school. There are dangers involved of which you can have no idea. I think Molly's right. Sirius, you have said enough." Remus glanced up at Calla, and she nodded gratefully to him.Sirius didn't look pleased, but he seemed to realise that in the eyes of Calla and the Order, if not Harry at the moment, Remus held the authority on this decision. Slowly, the others got up and followed Calla out of the door, however reluctantly. Harry came to her side as the rest chattered behind them. "Are you alright?" he asked in a low voice."Fine," she said, not feeling fine at all.Harry brushed against her shoulder. "I know you don't feel the same," he said quietly, "but I do want to fight. I don't know how I couldn't.""And I don't know how I could."She swallowed the lump in her throat as they headed upstairs, separating to go into their respective rooms. Hermione and Ginny whispered together as they got ready for bed, low enough that Calla couldn't hear unless she really tried to, and she had a horrid feeling that she didn't want to know what they were saying. She got into bed silently, and the other girls' conversation dropped off, giving way to snoring as Calla lay still awake, staring at the wall.Even as the house settled around her and the sounds of the street and city began to fade - though they never vanished, not in London - Calla couldn't sleep. This very house set her on edge and made her mind spin with every terrible possibility. That it was her fault Cedric was dead, because she hadn't been brave enough to just take the cup and make sure no one else got hurt. That she was weak, too weak, and that her continued existence would only serve to put more people in harm's way. Tonight, she had seen Remus and Sirius looking her way when they spoke of a weapon.Maybe it was her. She curled up under her bedsheets, chest tightening at the thought. Escaping Voldemort once was a miracle. She couldn't do it again. Certainly not like this. Not when she could barely breathe in a house of magic, when the thought of going back to Hogwarts, the most magical place she'd ever been and a place she'd once called home, made her shake with anxiety.She pulled her knees to her chest and hugged herself, trying to distract herself with the sound of Ginny's snoring in the next bed, but she couldn't still her heavy breathing or sobbing and tears ran tracks over her cheeks anyway. It was her fault Cedric was dead, and she should have done more, not been so useless, she should have been able to help Harry with the Dementors and God she didn't even know if Dudley was okay and Cedric  Cedric was not okay, Cedric was dead and it was her fault and she had to try not to scream as the memory of his cold, still face resurfaced in her mind.Calla trembled, holding herself tighter in the fear that if she didn't, she might just fall apart right there and then. She didn't know how the world could move outside her window right now when she was fixed in terror, stuck in place.Mine, a voice seemed to whisper in her ear, and she jerked away, shaking. The voice followed. You are nothing, Calla Potter. Nothing but a little girl who doesn't know how to use her power.She squeezed her eyes shut, hoping to block the voice out. Her scar burned fiercely, white behind her eyes, and she burrowed further into the mattress and the bedcovers, hidden and stifled beneath heavy quilts in the hopes that it would all just go, go away.Her dreams took her into a dark graveyard where a body lay cold on the ground and no one could hear her screaming. She clawed her way over the grass, body wracked by pain and fell into a pit of fire. There stood a woman, oddly familiar, though Calla didn't know how, wearing a tiara that glistened and shone with sapphires. She turned, face cloaked in harsh shadows, but grand blue eyes caught on her face. The woman smiled. "I see you know," she said as the crackle of fire abated, "yet you do not understand. Such a curious thing, the mind. Perhaps you will come to unravel it yet."The tiara shattered and the vision with it, as Calla turned in a desolate landscape of rolling hills covered by darkness. A snake slithered through the long grass, over her legs and feet and she was powerless to stop it, even to move. She could hardly breathe. Panic clawed up all the free space in her lungs and in her throat, scraping it raw so that she couldn't even scream. The snake sank its fangs in; she fell to the ground like a toppled statue, and reached out for something, anything, to hold onto, and anchor herself as her mind slipped away.Calla woke with a pounding heart into the stifling room, forehead burning, and she cursed magic in the silence.

Come morning, the house was downright freezing, and Calla shivered as she tried to get out of bed. Her head pulsed with blunt pain all throughout breakfast, so that she could barely hear the conversations going around her - something about cleaning the drawing room, and breaking one of the curses in the library.Calla barely noticed what was going on, eyes drooping and too tired to pay attention, but after breakfast she found herself still sat in the kitchen around the table with Remus, Sirius and Harry, her legs tucked under her on the chair. There was cup of tea in front of her, but she didn't much feel like drinking it, or looking at the leaves. It had likely gone cold now anyway. Matilda clambered into Remus' lap, purring softly."You've heard what we have to say last night," he started, scratching the cat behind the ears. "But we want to hear what you two have to say.""About what?""Anything." Remus glanced between the two of them. "This can't be easy.""Oh, really?" Harry asked shortly. "How did you come to that conclusion?""It's not been easy," Calla said quietly. "I..." She couldn't find the words for everything she'd avoided saying over the last month. So she shrugged instead and avoided her godfather's gaze."Yeah," Harry said, grimacing."Calla," Remus said after a few beats of silence, "you didn't say much about your visions?"She looked down at her hands, which were laced together in her lap. "Yeah, I know. Not much to say.""At all?" He sounded very concerned. "You must have had some.""Yes." Calla frowned at the teacup, where a raven lingered by the handle. "Mainly at night. They don't make sense. And they hurt, when I wake up. They're tiring.""And they aren't nightmares?""No." She shivered and chanced a glance at Harry, who was also keenly avoiding the conversation. "No, I've had nightmares, too. They're different.""Have you been trying to make them happen during the day?" Sirius asked, and her head snapped up. "It might help ease the pressure at night."She considered saying yes, but that would be a lie. "I never had to really try before. And they - it still hurts."Sirius frowned. "I would have thought you'd be trying to find out everything you could. About what Voldemort's up to."Her cheeks blazed and she didn't meet his gaze. "I guess.""You guess?" Sirius asked, an edge to his voice.Calla could feel his eyes boring into her and she pressed her lips together, staring at the floor. She didn't know what he wanted her to say. That she had brushed aside all fear and was ready to just fight? That she thought she could even do anything helpful with her visions? That she wasn't terrified that Voldemort might use her visions to weaken her, that she hated the reminder of him in her magic? That anytime she closed her eyes, he was there, waiting, and she was terrified of giving him any more openings?"I know it's hard-" Remus started."Yeah, it is," Harry muttered, scraping his chair back. "It is hard, but do you know what might've just made it easier? If any of you bothered to tell us anything that was happening! If you hadn't left us there, with the Dursleys!""Dumbledore wouldn't let us," Remus said tiredly. "I'm sorry.""You could've come anyway! What happened to having custody of us, looking after us! You left us! You said you cared about us and we were important, you said you'd look after us, and you didn't! And it isn't okay!""Harry," Calla said quietly, and forced herself to look at Remus and Sirius. "I know you wanted to come and get us. But you didn't. So please." She directed this to Sirius. "Don't judge me for not forcing myself to have a vision that hurts me when I've been terrified of every single sound I've heard behind me for the last month and a half."She found herself standing up. Remus went to stop her, eyes wide and worried. "We're sorry, Calla. We know how terrifying this must be.""No you don't," Harry said shortly. "Neither of you do! No one here gets it; no one here's been through what we have!""Harry," Remus said, "don't shout at me. I'm trying to help the two of you, whether you want me to or not.""Well, you can't!" Harry shouted. "You had your chance to help us a month ago and you left us to go back to the Dursleys like nothing was wrong! Like we should just get over it!""That's not what happened, Harry.""Well, it certainly feels like it!" he yelled. "You just left us! Remus, you... You left us there."Remus' eyes softened, but he looked pained. "I am sorry. It isn't what I would have chosen, but Dumbledore-""I don't care what Dumbledore says!" Harry shouted. "I don't! We've been on our own for a month and you didn't visit! Not even once!""We're sorry," Remus said quietly. "I know Dumbledore's say so doesn't necessarily mean very much to you at the moment, but you are here now. I wish we could have been there for you earlier, and I am sorry that we weren't. I know it can't have been easy, but please, talk to us."Calla wasn't sure she wanted to talk to anyone - but if she was going to talk to anyone at Grimmauld Place it would be one of the people in this room. "It isn't easy," she said quietly, eventually, when Harry seemed to have cooled off enough to sit down. "I don't really know how to talk about it, though.""Well... How have you been feeling?"They exchanged a glance. "Pretty rubbish, actually," Harry said.It was clear no one in the room knew quite what to say to each other. Calla didn't know what to say either. Everything she thought that she'd wanted to say, suddenly couldn't be said. She could feel the tension in the room, uncomfortable against her arms. It was Sirius who broke the silence. "Look, it's totally normal for someone - especially people your age - to struggle a lot after seeing what you did. And talking about it is the first step to dealing with it.""You weren't there," Harry said. "You don't know what it was like.""No. But I can imagine and that's enough. You need to be able to talk about this.""It was horrible," Calla told him quietly, not meeting his gaze, "and it was the most scared I've ever been and that's all I want to say."Remus and Sirius exchanged nervous glances. "We thought you might want to know a bit more about the Order. It might make you feel a bit safer."Harry snorted. "Sure. Safer. But you won't let us join. You won't let us do anything. You think we have to be kept safe.""You are children.""We're not-""We're your godfathers. It's our job to keep you safe. We know you want to help, but right now, your safety is our priority.""Can't have been that much a priority," Harry snapped at Remus, "or you wouldn't have let the Dementors get to us."Remus blinked, with a face like he'd been stung. "I never - if I had known - we came as soon as Dumbledore said we should, we had to be careful-""We know," Calla told him sullenly. "We know."Silence fell. No one wanted to speak about it, about any of it. Calla felt like the silence was eating her up; whispering started again, in her ear, a cold and sharp, whistling wind."So," Sirius said with forced brightness, "who was your friend you were with when the Order found you last night, Calla?"She almost choked. Harry pressed his lips together, going red, as if this was more awkward for him than for her. "That was Mairi," she said stiffly. "I've - I've mentioned her before."Remus nodded, catching on to the change in subject. Calla tried not to blush but the heat of her cheeks betrayed her. "The Muggle? It is lovely that you've got friends in the Muggle world."Harry's cheeks were going pink and his eyes brightening. He looked on the verge of saying something and Calla kicked him furiously under the table, eliciting a yelp. Remus and Sirius looked confusedly between them. "What are we missing?""Nothing," Calla said quickly, giving Harry a stern look. "Clearly, Harry's just breathed in too quickly."Everyone looked confused for her flimsy justification. Harry looked like he was trying not to laugh."Um, Mairi - Mairi's not..." This would be easier if it was just Remus, but even then, it was a very awkward conversation. She didn't want it to be, but it was, and even thought it wasn't like she was ashamed or anything, not like she didn't want to say it, it was still hard to make the words come out. This was uncharted territory. Also, Harry was enjoying it far too much and she was going to stamp on his foot if he wasn't careful. "She... She's sort of my - my..." They we're both looking at her expectantly but she fumbled trying to find the word. What even were they to each other anyway? What would they be now? "My... girl... friend?"Remus and Sirius both raised their eyebrows in a way that was so in unison, it was almost comical. "Oh," Remus said, blinking. "Well, that's lovely." Harry coughed and made himself sit properly, head ducked so his hair hid his face."Harry, stop laughing," Calla said, and he duly did so. "Just because you've never had a girlfriend."She turned back to Sirius, who was grinning at her. "Good on you, kid.""You're... It's... okay?""Sure. Makes no difference to me." Sirius shrugged.It was almost absurd how easy it seemed. Calla just stared between them. "But - you - you're sure? I mean, the D- the Dursleys really - and Padma said wizards-""Ah, they're as backwards as anyone," Remus said, seeming to find his voice. "And anyone finds any reason they can for judgment. Believe me, I know that. I'm not entirely straight myself.""What?""You never said so!""Well, why would I? But I'm glad you felt you could tell us, Calla.""But..." Both she and Harry looked at him in confusion. It wasn't a matter that had ever come up before but the idea that her godfather might be in some way the same as her, it was comforting. The fact that it wasn't strange. And now she thought of it, she couldn't remember him ever having had a girlfriend. "You're gay?""No, no. I like men and women." Calla's stomach jolted. Just like her. "I'm bisexual," he said softly, seeing the look on her face."Bisexual," Calla repeated. The word felt right to say somehow. "I - I think that's what I am, too."Her godfather smiled. "And that is perfectly alright. Calla, if you're happy with someone, then we're happy you're with them. Their gender doesn't matter. You just have to make sure that you're safe and whatever you do, you have to use-""Yeah, I know," Calla said quickly. She'd wasn't quite ready to have that conversation. "I'm... It's okay, Remus. Really.""Yeah," Harry said, looking exceedingly uncomfortable. "We don't need... That talk."Sirius looked on the verge of bursting out laughing, and Remus gave him a mildly disapproving look. "But I - thanks. I thought... So is it normal? To like both? To be bisexual?"Her godfather smiled at her. "Perfectly normal. You're really not the only person, Calla. It's difficult to figure out, for most people, especially with attitudes being what they are. And like I said, just be careful, look out for yourself." He cleared his throat and his smile faded to something of a forced one as he tried to meet their eyes. "And that goes for both of you. I'm not sure how Hogwarts teaches these things these days but anyways." Calla knew where this was going and she did not like it. Even Sirius looked a little uncomfortable and no one could meet one another's eyes. "Like I said, wizards can be rather backwards. Regardless of sexuality, you are of an age now where you're experimenting, meeting people, starting relationships. Make sure you know what you're doing with-""So," Harry said sharply, going bright red. "Calla's bisexual, that's cool, we know... Stuff - isn't there a drawing room to clean?""Mrs Weasley mentioned it, didn't she, everyone: helping out.""We should give the others a hand, shouldn't we, Calla, only fair."She and Harry stood up very suddenly and bolted from the room, both bright red. They could hear Remus and Sirius chuckling inside. "That really wasn't how I expected that to go," Harry said."Yeah," Calla said, cringing internally. "Me neither. Let's get on with cleaning.""Yeah," Harry said quickly, "that's probably for the best."When they got to the drawing room, however, they were quickly attacked by Doxies. One's sharp teeth got ahold of Calla's finger and she shoved it off reproachfully towards Fred, who sprayed it with Doxycide. "Cover your faces, you two!" Mrs Weasley instructed. "Ah, Calla, you've gotten a bite already!"She looked down at the slightly yellowing skin on her finger. "Ew.""We'll sort it, Mum!" George said cheerfully, hurrying over to examine Calla's finger."Doxies are venomous," Fred told her. He sounding concerningly excited about that fact."Brilliant.""We want to experiment with some in the Skiving Snackboxes.""Can you please get the venom out of me?" she asked, feeling a little bit light-headed."Course we can!" George pointed his wand at her finger and said a quick spell. Weird, slippery yellow liquid seemed to stream out of the little bite and neatly into a vial Fred was holding. He stoppered and pocketed it quickly with a wink, before his mother could see. "Good as new, Calla! If you pass out, it wasn't our fault!""Thanks," she said drily, as Harry threw her a scarf to tie around her nose and mouth - Doxycide was not pleasant to inhale by accident. She was handed gloves and a bottle of Doxycide and set to work quickly. "What are these Skiving Snackboxes, then?" she asked the twins through her muffling scarf."New invention we've been working on, these colour coded sweets. You chew the orange end first, makes you ill enough to get out of class. Then the moment you're out, instead of going to the Hospital Wing, you chew the purple end instead and you're good as new! Free to do whatever you please in what would otherwise have been an hour of unprofitable boredom." George looked quite pleased with his explanation."And you've developed these yourselves?" Calla asked, squirting an approaching Doxy straight in the face. It fainted with a thud on the ground. "That's amazing!""Oh, Calla," Fred said with an exaggerated grin, "you do flatter us so." She gave him a flat look, trying to hide a grin."I'm serious. Not many Hogwarts students are up to inventing stuff like that - and along with everything you got up to last Summer.""Well, they still need a bit of work," George said, as Fred swept up a few stray Doxies and put them in his pocket."So far our testers are having a bit of trouble stopping themselves puking long enough to actually swallow the purple end.""Yeah, I can see how that could be an issue," Calla said."Who're your testers?" Harry asked curiously."Well, us, mainly. We've been taking it in turns. George did the Fainting Fancies - we've both tried Nosebleed Nougat.""Mum thought we'd been Duelling.""Joke shop still on, then?" Harry asked."Well, we're working on getting premises," Fred said, lowering his voice. "So we're running a mail order service for now. We put advertisements in the Daily Prophet last week.""That's brilliant!" Calla said, trying to keep her voice down when she saw Mrs Weasley glance over."And it's all thanks to you too," George told them. Calla blinked in surprise - she'd half forgotten about the Triwizard winnings. They felt insignificant now. "But don't worry, Mum hasn't got a clue. She won't read a word of the Daily Prophet now, not with what they've been saying about the two of you, and Dumbledore."Calla found herself smiling. They continued de-Doxying into the afternoon, at which point someone came in downstairs and made the portrait of Sirius' mother start screaming her head off again. Mrs Weasley left to sort her out, and the others were about to pack up when a small, especially ugly and old house elf edged into the room. It looked rather beaten up and weathered. It didn't seem to have noticed any of them there, instead shuffling into the corner of the room, muttering to himself in a hoarse voice."...smells like a drain and a criminal to boot, but she's no better, nasty blood traitor bringing in her brats to my mistress' home, oh, my poor mistress, if only she knew, the scum they've let in... what would she say of old Kreacher... oh, the shame of it, Mudbloods and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher, what can he do...""Hello, Kreacher," Fred said pointedly, stopping the house elf. He looked up with very round eyes, seeming like he was trying to appear startled, but failed."Kreacher did not see young master," he muttered, giving a very half-hearted sort of bow. "Nasty little brat of a blood traitor it is.""Sorry?" George said. Calla stared at Kreacher, quite shocked - she had never met a house elf so rude. "Didn't catch that.""Kreacher said nothing," Kreacher mumbled bitterly. "And there's its twin, unnatural little beasts they are... and there's the Mudblood-""Excuse me," Calla said, cutting the house elf off. He looked up at her in surprise. "Please don't say that.""He doesn't know what he's saying, Calla," Hermione whispered. "He's very old.""And this must be the Potter girl... nasty Potters, so rude to my mistress... and that must be Harry Potter, the boy, Kreacher can see his scar... the one who defeated the Dark Lord... Kreacher wonders how he did it...""Don't we all?" Fred said loudly."What do you want?" George asked Kreacher."Kreacher was cleaning.""A likely story," said a voice from the doorway. Calla turned to see Sirius standing there, looking unamused. She hadn't thought he'd have a house elf, certainly not one who spoke like that. She thought of the heads mounted on the wall and shivered. Maybe it was part of the Dark magic of the house, warped by the Dark witches and wizards who had come before. Kreacher had flung himself into a low and deep bow at Sirius' feet. "Stand up straight," Sirius told him impatiently, coming into the room. "Now, what are you up to?""Kreacher is cleaning," he said again. "Kreacher lives to serve the Noble and Most Ancient House Of Black.""And it's getting blacker every day," Sirius said. "Look at this place, it's filthy.""Master always liked his little joke," Kreacher said. "Master was a nasty, ungrateful little swine who broke his mother's heart.""My mother didn't have a heart," Sirius snapped coldly. "She kept herself alive out of pure spite."Kreacher bowed again, and Calla got the impression that bowing to Sirius was the very last thing he wanted to do. "Whatever Master says," he said, and then mumbled under his breath - the same way he had spoken about George and Fred and the others, like he wasn't meant to say it and knew that - "Master is not fit to wipe slime from his mother's boots, oh, my poor mistress, what would she say if she saw Kreacher serving him, how she hates him, oh what a disappointment he was.""I asked what you were up to," Sirius said in a cold voice, glaring down at Kreacher. "Every time you show up pretending to be cleaning, you sneak something up to your room so we can't throw it out.""Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master's house." He added, in a rush, "Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry were thrown out, seven centuries it's been in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher must not let the Master and the blood traitors and the brats destroy it-""I thought it might be that," Sirius said, looking at the tapestry with disdain. "She'll have put another permanent sticking charm on the back of it, I don't doubt, but if I can get rid of it, I certainly will. Now, go away, Kreacher."The house elf continued muttering insults under his breath as he left, but Calla went over to the tapestry, interestedly. There was something woven into it, a sort of darkness that was entirely at odds with the golden thread it was woven with, and yet at the same time a natural part of the tapestry. She knew the feeling of that magic - this house was drowning in Dark magic. When she examined the tapestry closer, peering past the layers of dirt and age, she saw it was a very complicated, confusing sort of family tree, woven in that gold. The top of the tapestry read:The Noble and Most Ancient House Of BlackToujours pur."Toujours pur?" Calla asked, as Sirius came to her shoulder, followed by Harry and the others."Always pure," he told her, wrinkling his nose. "They were fanatic about pureblood supremacy."Calla felt herself shiver. "Like Voldemort?"His lips twisted. "Some of them. They certainly shared his views. They were determined that the only worthy wizards were those with entirely pure wizarding blood. And that their bloodline was purer than any. So pure my parents were cousins.""What?" Calla stared at him. "That's so gross."Sirius raised his eyebrows. "You're telling me.""You're not on here," Harry said, quite indignantly, pointing to the bottom of the tree."Oh, I got blasted off years ago. Disowned, I told you that. I used to be there, see." He pointed to a small, charged hole in the tapestry, below Orion and Walburga Black - who did seem to be cousins, when Calla traced their tree back - and beside Regulus Black."When did they blast you off?""Ran away, didn't I?""You did tell us that," Calla said quietly, looking at that small, burned hole. "I remember.""But where'd you go?""Your dad's place." There was a fond smile on his face, but still horribly sad. "Your grandparents were really good about it, they took me in as a sort of second son." He looked pained as he said this; Calla gave him a weak smile. "I got my own place when I was seventeen - my Uncle Alphard helped me out, here's not on here either - but I was always welcome for Sunday lunch.""What were they like?" Calla found herself asking. "Our grandparents. You've always spoken about Mum and Dad, but not much about them."Sirius smiled at her. "They were brilliant. Euphemia would have fussed over you two like nothing on earth, and she was a great baker, always had scones to send up to school for us to feast on. And Fleamont was always ready to listen, you know. Anything I couldn't speak to my own parents about - which was rather a lot - he was always there." There was a sadness in his eyes. "They would have loved you two.""What happened to them?""They got dragon pox. Just shortly before you were born. It nearly crushed James, knowing they wouldn't get to meet his children. But he was so happy when you two were born..." He trailed off quietly. Calla tucked the names Fleamont and Euphemia away in the recesses of her mind."Why'd you run away?" Harry asked, rather insensitively in Calla's opinion.Sirius blinked. "I hated my family. Overtaken with pureblood mania, they were convinced that being a Black made you practically royalty. My brother believed them, too.""Your brother?""Regulus," Sirius said, and Calla nodded to the boy marked on the tapestry next to the spot that should have held Sirius. "He was younger than me, and a much better son, as I was constantly reminded.""But he died," said Harry."Yeah." The date of death read fifteen years ago. The very midst of the war. "Stupid idiot. He joined the Death Eaters.""Really?" Calla asked, though she didn't quite know why she was so surprised. Perhaps it was because the idea of Sirius was so irreconcilable with Voldemort now, but she could feel the Dark magic in the house from the moment she entered, and after what Sirius had said, it sounded like the Blacks were about as bigoted as the Malfoys, if not worse."You're kidding!""Haven't you seen enough of this house to know what sort of wizards my family were?" Sirius asked, somewhat testily."I can feel it," Calla told him, with a dark look at the tapestry. "This place is full of Dark magic, isn't it? That's why you hate it so much." She shuddered. "Can't say I blame you.""But," Harry said, "were - were your parents... Were they Death Eaters too?""No, no. Don't get me wrong, they thought Voldemort had all the right ideas, they were all for pureblood supremacy... but they thought he was extreme, when they realised how far he was willing to go to achieve his goals. I bet they thought Regulus was a right little hero for joining up at first, though." He sneered."Was he killed by an Auror?""Harry," Calla whispered tensely. "Don't be so-""Nah," Sirius said, "Voldemort murdered him."That threw Calla for a loop. "What?""Well, he was definitely murdered on his orders, I don't know if he did it personally. From what I found out after he died, he got in too far over his head, and decided he wanted out. But you can't just hand in your resignation to Voldemort. It's a lifetime of service or death."Calla blinked. From the dates on the tapestry, he was only nineteen when he died. That wasn't much older than she was. She couldn't imagine someone her age joining up for the Death Eaters, it was a terrifying prospect. But Harry was willing to join up for the Order, to plunge himself into war - except he was supporting the right cause."Lunch!" Mrs Weasley called from the doorway. The others went over, but Calla remained hesitantly with Harry and Sirius.Sirius went over the names in the tapestry. Phineas Nigellus, the most unpopular Headmaster Hogwarts ever had, Araminta Meliflua who tried to make Muggle hunting legal - an idea that made Calla shudder - and his aunt Elladora, who cut off the heads of house elves and started mounting them on walls. It occurred to Calla that Sirius' family was about as far into pureblood doctrine as they could get. Bigotry bordering on insanity. "Any time the family produced someone decent, they were cast away. Suppose that's why Tonks isn't on here. Kreacher should take orders from her, as part of the family, but he refuses.""You're related to Tonks?""My cousin Andromeda's daughter. She got blasted off too - she's my favourite cousin, not that she had much decent competition. She married a Muggleborn. So." He mimed blasting a hole in the tapestry."Narcissa next to her?" Calla asked, looking at the burnt patch. "As in Narcissa Malfoy?"Sirius nodded. "Yep. And that on the other side's Bellatrix Lestrange. She was about as loyal to Voldemort as you could get, one of his closest Death Eaters. She's in Azkaban now," he added quickly, seeing the look on Calla's face. She remembered people in masks, pressing closer to her in the darkness. The feeling of suffocation, the certainty that she was going to die or worse, the sense of something pressing into her mind, that it didn't belong to her."I'm feeling hungrier now," she said quietly."I know that name," Harry said.Calla nodded with a lump in her throat. "Neville," she told him, and his eyes widened."Oh. Sirius, you never said she was your-""Does it matter if she's my cousin?" Sirius snapped. "As far as I'm concerned, she isn't my family, none of them are." He scowled. "Merlin, I hate this place. I told Dumbledore he could have it for himself and the Order and I'd stay at Collie Hill, but he wants me here. Not that I wouldn't rather be with you two.""I'd rather Collie Hill, too," Calla said, remembered the brief few weeks she'd spent there last Summer. It was much nicer than here. It was easier to breathe there - or maybe it had just been easier to breathe last Summer, when she didn't have the weight of the graveyard in her head. She met Sirius' eyes quickly. "Can we go to lunch now?""Now there's a good idea," he said, peeking up and going to lead the way downstairs. "Molly's cooking really is exceptional. And anyway, I'm getting out the house soon. You stuck up for me at my trial, least I can do is come to yours, Harry.""You're coming with me?" Harry sounded surprised."Of course. Arthur will be there too, of course, as he works in the Ministry, but I've asked Dumbledore and he's yet to find a way to deny me." He grinned but it was tinged with bitterness. "I can't wait to see Fudge's face when he sees me again."Calla laughed half-heartedly. She'd forgotten about the hearing. She'd be expected to speak, probably, as a witness for Harry. She didn't know quite how to recount the events of that night. Her cheeks still burned with shame when she remembered how she'd failed to cast a Patronus. "Calla?" Harry said, looking at her as they descended the stairs. "Are you listening?"She blinked. "Yeah, yeah, sorry. What is it?""Sirius was saying, if I do get expelled, Dumbledore might let me stay here.""Good," she said quietly. She hated the thought of Hogwarts without Harry; though for a while she also hated the thought of going back at all. "I'd stay too. Better than the Dursleys." She got the feeling, though, that Harry didn't want to think about his hearing any more than Calla did.They ate lunch quietly, though Ginny did her best to make Calla laugh with a rather crude impression of Snape, and then went back upstairs to confront the cabinets in the drawing room. Most of it appeared to be junk, but in one of the drawers, Calla could feel something different. Something dark, that made her hairs stand on end."I don't like that," she told Mrs Weasley immediately. It was like being near the drawer made something invisible wrap tightly around her chest."What, dear? Is there something in there?" Mrs Weasley frowned at the drawer. "Stand back then, I'll get it."She took the drawer out and Calla could feel the immediate shift in the air, like something lashing out and finally unleashed. She gasped, feeling suddenly dizzy. Something burned through her chest like acid. She had to force herself to look at the drawer. There was nothing much in it, just an assortment of fancy, old-looking objects: a silver snuffbox, something that like like a very ornate pair of tweezers, a heavy locket, and a music box that let out a strange tinkling tune that made everyone empty and sleepy. It made her chest feel heavy. Her vision went darker around the edges."What is in there?" she asked hollowly as Ginny slammed the box shut. A strange whispering filled the air, and heavy chains of magic seemed to wrap around her arms."I don't know," Mrs Weasley said. She was looking at Calla very strangely. "You've gone very white, Calla. Harry, go downstairs and get her some water."He obliged quickly, with a nervous glance to Calla. She sat down on a chair as the others passed the locket around themselves. No one could open it by the time Harry came back, with a worried Remus at his shoulder. Fred tried passing the locket to Calla, but she could feel something pulsating around it that set her hair on edge. She shook her head dazedly, accepting Harry's glass of water with shaky hands. The locket got thrown into the pile of junk with the rest."What happened?" Remus asked her quickly as she sipped. It didn't do anything to help. "Do you feel sick?""I don't know. Just looking at the drawer made me feel weird, and I don't like that locket. It feels..." Exhausting, she wanted to say. Her head felt heavy, and she supposed she must have looked very concerning, because Remus was quickly ushering everyone else from the room, told her to put her head between her knees, and instructed Mrs Weasley to get rid of the pile of everything they'd brought out the drawer. She breathed in heavily."What is it?" Harry asked."I don't know," Remus said. "Knowing Sirius' family, nothing good.""Dark magic," Calla said thickly, then shut her mouth quickly for fear that she was going to be sick."What kind of Dark magic?""I don't know," Remus said again. His hand was gently on Calla's shoulder. "Are you going to be sick?"She shook her head. "I'm fine," she mumbled, feeling suddenly embarrassed that she'd cleared a room because something magical in a drawer made her feel unwell. But there was something about it, something so dark and magical that it simply didn't sit right with her. It felt wrong; it threw her world off its balance. "I hate this house.""Well, I can tell you you're certainly not alone in that," Sirius said. She hadn't heard him come in. "That locket's probably got some horrid sort of curse on it, I'll give Moody a chance to deal with it. Are you alright?""Fine," she repeated. Her eyes stung and she made herself sit upright. "I'm fine.""You're still quite pale," Remus said fretfully. "Perhaps you should take the afternoon off, go rest in your room."She didn't protest. She wanted out of this room - and out of this house, too. The three of them all came up the stairs with her, each of them clearly worried. A part of that made her annoyed - she didn't want to be weak, the girl who almost passed out because of a little bit of Dark magic - but she also just wanted to lie down and sleep for a bit.When she went inside, Matilda came over to her immediately, as though sending that something was wrong. Shaking a little - she hated that she was shaking - Calla bent down and picked her up, feeling better for the solid and familiar weight in her arms."I'll be fine," she addressed the three gathered in the doorway. They all watched her nervously. "I will! I just need some sleep.""Are you sure?" Harry asked hesitantly, and she nodded."Yeah." She forced herself to smile, but she knew Harry saw through it."I'll tell Molly to give me another look," Sirius said, and smiled tersely at Calla. "Do you want anything brought up? Any food?"She shook her head. "I'll be fine."Sirius went quietly, sending that Calla didn't really want him there. Remus just looked nervous. "I'll come back and see you in an hour," he said eventually. "Shout if you need anything. Harry, stay with her.""I'm fine," she protested feebly, but Harry knew it wasn't true. Remus shut the door behind him and Calla shivered, going to sit on the end of her bed.Harry eyed her warily. He was clearly nervous. She did her best to look positive, but she just felt wretched. "I just need a nap," Calla told him shortly, moving back to curl up under her covers. Matilda moved to paw at Harry's feet and he picked her up reluctantly, perching on the edge of Hermione's bed."Do you think Dumbledore'll come and see us?" he asked eventually, just when Calla thought she might get to sleep. She opened her eyes and looked at him tiredly. "Sorry.""He must do, at some point," she said. "From the sounds of it, he's in charge." She pursed her lips. "You won't get expelled, Harry.""I already did.""Yeah, because the Ministry's messed up. But they can't justify it on trial, and if you're on trial that makes it public business. People won't stand for it.""They stand for what's being said about me in the Daily Prophet.""People are stupid," she muttered, squeezing her eyes shut. "You don't have to stay here if you don't want to," she told Harry after a moment. "I'm going to sleep."But when she drifted off, she didn't sleep easily.A younger Lord Voldemort - or rather, an older Tom Riddle - stood in a grimy, cobble-stoned alleyway on a steep hill, with lilting pipe music drifting through the air. He whispered a deal to a young, frail woman, and they traded something between them. She turned her back, scurrying towards watery daylight, and he raised his wand, and in a flash of green light, she fell to the ground.The scene changed. Calla tried to pull herself out of it, but she couldn't move, could hardly even breathe. This road was wide and airy, but filled with cars and people, white buildings decked in flags and arrays of colours. She was only walking aimlessly, wandering through the open red-pavement streets, when darkness converged in the clouds. The world went dark. Flashes of colour appeared in the sky like a lightning storm of green, blue and red. People screamed as shop windows smashed, as a bridge in the near river crumbled and collapsed.She turned and Sirius was next to her, mouth open in a cry as he was pulled back, disappearing into the air. Someone grabbed her from behind and she screamed, flailing. Breathe, she told herself, breathe. The edges of her vision were hazy blue and she reached out towards them, towards the ground, and fell through into darkness.She was panting when she woke, heart hammering in her chest as she fought for breath. Her head pounded. Somehow, she felt even more tired.Harry looked across at her from the other side of the room, where he had been speaking quietly to Ron and Hermione."Oh, Calla!" Hermione cried, hurrying over. "What on earth happened, I was so worried! You went so pale!""Thanks," Calla grumbled, feeling a well of shame in her stomach. "And I don't know." A heavy weight seemed to settle around her neck, burning a mark above her chest. "What time is it?""Four," Harry said. "You, um, slept a bit longer than we thought you would.""Oh great." She sat up, head spinning a little. Why was it doing this? "Did you at least get the room cleared?""We got a decent bit work done, yeah," Ron said. "Kreacher started going on about how we couldn't throw out his mistress' favourite earrings and Sirius yelled at him, and then we came up here. Mum's starting on dinner now, but then they're having a meeting." He pulled a face. "We aren't allowed in.""Naturally."Throughout dinner and for the next couple of days, Calla felt a bit better. Mrs Weasley seemed to be trying to take it easy on her, dismissing her from any tasks that leaned more dangerous than dusting curtains, which meant Calla had an awful lot of time to write to her friends. But she also decided, a few days after their arrival, that she owed Mairi an explanation - a proper one.She was escorted to the phone box by Remus, Tonks, and Moody. Personally, Calla thought this was quite excessive, but Moody insisted, and she did feel less exposed having three of them posted around her. She dialled Mairi's landline nervously, chewing her lip as she waited for her to pick up."Hello?" Her familiar accent cracked through the phone static."Mairi! It's Calla.""Calla." Mairi's voice was tinged with surprise. "Hi. Are you alright, I thought you'd have phoned before now!""Yeah, I know, it's just been a bit hectic." She forced herself to laugh. "We've moved into this old house, right creepy, it's like one of those home renovation shows your mum watches.""Sounds horrifying," Mairi said. Calla could hear the grin behind her words."Yeah. And we haven't got a phone so, I'm having to use a phone box.""Horror of horrors," Mairi said, and Calla laughed in response, feeling a little lighter."So, what are you guys up to?""Eh, not much." Her voice was softer as she said, "Missing you."Calla felt herself blush. A smile tweaked at her lips. "I miss you too. Everyone here's so loud." All she could think of was Mairi's smile, the sparkle in her eyes. Her chest tightened."Tell me about it, Bobby won't shut up trying to get me to play football with him, and then he cries when I beat him! I think he misses you too.""What, because I'm crap enough at football that he always wins?"Mairi giggled on the other end of the line. "And because you're nicer apparently. Mum said I'm too competitive with him."Calla laughed. "You are!""And there's nothing wrong with that!" Mairi's laugh seemed to die quickly. She asked, "Is this you for the Summer then?"Calla hesitated, but she had to be honest. "Yeah. Think so.""And then you're back to school?""Yeah. I think so." She bit her lip, stomach twisting at the reminder that she'd have to go back to Hogwarts the next month "We can still write, like we did last year.""Yeah." Mairi sighed. "Yeah, I know, but...""But what?" Calla asked, voice edging higher."It just won't be the same, will it?""No, but - but that isn't necessarily a bad thing, is it?""So I'll see you one more month next year and that's it?" She didn't say anything. Mairi was right, but Calla didn't like the direction this conversation was going. "Look, Calla, I..." She lowered her voice as someone seemed to call through from another room. "I really like you, but this... It's only been a few weeks. I think it'd be easier if we just... Were just friends."Calla felt like the wind had been knocked out of her. Suddenly everything felt ten times worse and the happiness she'd felt when she'd first heard Mairi's voice dissipated like smoke. "Oh. Right."Mairi was quiet. "I'm sorry. You know I am, but - I just don't think it could work. You're never here.""No, no," Calla said, voice shrill. She felt her breath catch in her throat. "No, you're right, Mairi. I get it. It's fine.""I really do like-""It's fine," she said again. She was getting good at saying that, and pretending like she meant it. "You're right, it won't work. I'll - I'll see you next Summer.""Calla-"She hung up, eyes stinging. Remus, who had been having a very cheerful conversation with Tonks, looked over at Calla and his face fell. She turned away, leaning against the side of the phone box. It was fine, she told herself, except it wasn't. It very much wasn't. Mairi was... She didn't know. It had only been a few weeks, yes, but she felt something for her and she felt it so strong and she didn't know what to do about this."It's fine." She said it only to convince herself now. It didn't work.So this was it. Cut ties to the Muggle world, break up with Mairi. Go back to Hogwarts and be a good student and act like it was all just fine. Like she didn't feel sick every time she thought of the idea of using magic again, of trying to access her visions, of being anywhere near the halls Voldemort had once walked himself. She was shaking slightly, cheeks warm, and she stepped outside of the phone box swiftly, trying to put on a brave face."What's wrong?" Remus asked her immediately, falling into step beside her as Moody led them back around the corner to Grimmauld Place. "That didn't look like a fun conversation.""Yeah." She swallowed the lump in her throat."I'm sorry.""It's fine.""Relationships-""I said it's fine, Remus," she snapped, instantly feeling guilty at the look on his face. "Sorry. I'm just in a bad mood.""And that's quite alright," he told her. He gave a tight-lipped smile. "I think you've earned a bad mood.""Haven't," Calla muttered, looking down at the ground as they trudged up the stairs to Number Twelve. The portrait of Mrs Black shrieked as thy opened the door. "I just feel like crap."Tonks and Moody both hurried off to deal with the screaming portrait, leaving Calla and Remus to go into the smaller living room."I wish I'd done something," Remus said after a long silence. "To stop the Tournament. To get you out of that Maze. And I know I should have come to get you this Summer. I should never have let you and Harry go back to the Dursleys. We should have brought you straight home and looked after you.""I know Dumbledore told you not to. For the Order. It's fine." Even talking about Mairi would be easier than talking about this."No," Remus said, meeting her eyes. "It isn't. I should have put you two first and I didn't. I chose to listen to Dumbledore over listening to you and Harry, and I shouldn't have. We honestly thought you were safe with the Order keeping an eye on you, but it wasn't enough."She nodded, lip wobbling. "I tried to cast a Patronus on the Dementors," she said, leaning against the wall with a shaky sigh. "It didn't work at all. I was useless, Remus. Totally useless.""It's alright," he told her. "You should never have had to-""But I did. Like I always do. And I messed it up and now Harry's in trouble and he could have been hurt. How much worse could it have gotten because I couldn't do anything?""But he wasn't. You can't blame yourself. Most grown wizards can't produce a full Patronus.""No, you don't understand. I couldn't do anything! And that's it, Remus! I can't do anything. At this point I'm scared to try and have an active vision, because they only ever come to me in dreams and - and I don't think I can control them, and if I try and slip back into that space, I just can't! And I know I've never been good at magic but even when I needed to use it, nothing happened! I couldn't! And I hate it, but... I hate magic more." It felt oddly comforting to say it out loud, even though Remus looked nearly horrified."Don't say that, Calla," he told her. "You don't mean it.""No," she said. "I really do, Remus. I really, really do. It's taken everything from me and - and I just want to be normal! That's all I want." He put his arm around her shaking shoulders. "I wish none of this had happened! I wish magic didn't exist and we were all just happy and alive and - and I didn't have to be scared all the time, but I am!" She took in a shuddering breath and looked at Remus, terrified to tell him the truth that had been weighing on her all Summer. "I'm scared to go back to Hogwarts.""I know," Remus said. "But you'll be safe there."She scoffed, and it turned quickly into a sob. "When have I ever been safe at Hogwarts? Really safe?"He didn't answer. She let out a shaky breath, wet tears slipping over her cheek. "I don't want to go back. I can't go back. It's like - with magic - I can't do it but I can feel it everywhere. It's suffocating enough here, I can't even imagine Hogwarts." Already she swore there was pain in her scar. "I'm scared to go, Remus. But I - I really, really don't want to!"His mouth fell open but his eyes were soft with understanding. To her surprise, he pulled her in to hug her tightly, bringing his other arm round to hold her as she cried quietly onto his shoulder. "It's alright," he whispered. "Calla, it's alright.""No," she moaned. "No, no, it's not, Remus! It's not right and it won't ever be right again!""I know it feels that way," he told her. "I promise it will get better.""But what if it doesn't?""It will." He gripped her shoulder tightly. "It might seem like it never will, but it does. You have to believe it does."She sniffled, trying to wipe away her tears, but more just took their place. "It's been years, and it's only ever gotten worse. I've only ever gotten worse.""You did well in third year.""Because it was the only year I didn't have him hanging around my head!""I know. I know it's so, so hard, but you can't give up hope, Calla." He looked at her worriedly and his eyes softened. "You need to have faith. But if you really think that going back to Hogwarts will do you more harm than good, you don't have to go."She sniffled. "What?""I can homeschool you. Other families do it, for a number of reasons. If you're scared to go back, I understand. I won't make you go somewhere you don't feel safe."She blinked up at him, startled by the offer. "You - you mean it?"Remus nodded, even though he looked reluctant about the idea. "If it's what you want. I can't say I'm the best teacher ever, but I can certainly do my best.""But it's my O.W.L. year," she said glumly, shaking her head. "Don't I have to?""We'll figure it out. You shouldn't make any decisions just yet, and you ought to speak to Harry and consider what's best, but whatever you think is right for you, that's what we'll do." He squeezed her hand. "She was almost too stunned to speak properly. "Dumbledore won't let me. He'll force me to go back.""He's not going to force you to do anything," Remus promised. "I won't let him. I... Calla, I do think you should go back. I do think that you'll be safe there, and it will be good for you to be with your friends rather than isolating yourself. But if you aren't happy and you don't feel safe, I understand it. And that's what's most important. You should think about it," Remus told her. "Fear will pass, Calla. But you can stay here, too. I'm sure Sirius would love having you around the house a little longer.""I don't want to stay here, though," Calla muttered. "It feels... Horrid. It's so full of magic, and Dark magic at that."Remus' eyes softened. "I know."She sighed and looked down. The thought of going back scared her, but the thought of not seeing Daphne and Padma when she'd been away for so long, and of being separated from Harry - that scared her too. And the idea of staying in Grimmauld Place for another year scared her. Maybe it was just that everything scared her now, she pondered. She wished she could just be normal, but it was never achievable. "I don't know what I want to do," she admitted, as Remus wrapped an arm around her shoulder and pulled her to his side in a hug."That's perfectly alright," her godfather told her quietly. "There were times when I didn't want to go back to Hogwarts either, Calla. Times when I thought it would be too difficult to hide, when I was too scared I would be found out, especially Severus discovered my secret. I stayed for my friends, and I stayed because I knew they would be there for me no matter what." He squeezed her shoulder. "It's alright to be scared. Just... Think about where you belong, Calla. Who you belong with."She nodded, a lump in her throat. "I don't know anymore.""Well then," Remus said gently. "You've plenty of time to figure it out."Author's Note: Hello! Just popping in to give a little update on the situation with writing this fic! Currently I have around eight more chapters written but not yet edited which should sustain regular updating for the next couple of months. I am however taking the writing process of fifth year a lot slower than I was third and fourth years, and as I've returned to university this year and with the whole situation that's going on, once these next few chapters up this may go on a short hiatus while I figure out the details of the rest of the plot and really take my time with this year. This is the year (so far) with the most divergence from canon and I want to make sure I tackle that as best as I can. So I just kind of wanted to let you all know what's happening with this and will of course give you an update but as of right now this is not my main priority and so updates may be slower especially when we get into December (I'm also going to be doing NaNoWriMo with an original project of mine which will take up most of my writing attention in November). But anyway, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, I am very excited for where this fic is going soon and I hope you are too!

A couple of nights before Harry was due to go to the Ministry for his trial, Dumbledore arrived. Calla was about to head back to her room with Hermione and Ginny for bed, when Mrs Weasley popped her head around. "Calla, dear, could you come downstairs for a moment? It won't be long. The rest of you ought to get to bed; Ginny, it's far past your bedtime."Ginny went red, and scowled as she and Hermione made their way out the room. "Night," Calla called to Harry, before hurrying along the corridor and downstairs with Mrs Weasley."I have to say, I didn't expect him to call at this hour, it's lucky you were even still awake." She shook her head."Wait, who's here?" Calla asked quietly as they went down the stairs."Dumbledore, of course. He's asked to speak to you.""Why?""Oh, I don't know, he didn't say. Don't worry, dear, I'm sure it's nothing bad. Likely he just wants to talk about Harry's trial, he's been working on the case and you're an important witness."That made sense, Calla thought, but she still felt strange about going to a meeting with Dumbledore in one of Dudley's old t-shirts and an ill-fitting pair of jeans. She didn't even have shoes on, for Heaven's sake. It was an entirely ridiculous thing to be worried about, but she was, and it also felt very odd to be talking to him again. He'd ignored her letters earlier in the Summer, and even now that they were here at Grimmauld Place it had taken him over a week to even say hello. Even then, he only spoke to Calla, which she knew Harry wouldn't be too pleased about.Still, she flattened her hair down just as Mrs Weasley took her into the kitchen, where Dumbledore was already in conversation with Remus and Sirius. They all looked up as Calla approached, and though she didn't fail to notice the brittleness in Sirius' voice and the stiffness in Remus' shoulders, they all returned to peace at her entrance. "Ah, Calla," Dumbledore said cheerfully. "I do hope I haven't disturbed your sleep.""Not at all, Professor," she said politely. "We were all just chatting upstairs."His eyes twinkled. "Ah, to be young and unbound by fatigue. Come, there is much we have to discuss."Calla sidled awkwardly into the room. Remus looked oddly fretful - she wondered if he had told Dumbledore the details of their last conversation. Despite what she'd said, she wasn't sure if homeschooling was what she wanted. She found the thought of staying at Hogwarts stressful, but Grimmauld Place was no better in many respects, and at least at Hogwarts she would have her friends. Plus, she had never been separate from Harry, not really. The thought of him being at Hogwarts without her was strange, yet she still wasn't comfortable with the idea of returning. She sat down opposite Dumbledore at the table, Remus and Sirius on either side of her, and swallowed nervously."Your godfather has told me your... Aversion to returning to Hogwarts." So that was what it was about."Oh, right.""I'm sure you understand the weight of the decision.""Well, I - I haven't decided for definite yet," she said hurriedly, cheeks blazing. Somehow it was a lot harder to admit to Dumbledore that she was considering not returning this year. She hadn't even mentioned it to Harry yet. Mrs Weasley was looking over curiously, fussing with the kettle. "But I just think I need - I need a bit more time.""We all grieve at different paces," Dumbledore said quietly, nodding. "I would however, implore you to consider this decision carefully. Hogwarts remains the safest place for you, in my opinion, and I would like to maintain our tutoring sessions as much as I am able.""I know," she said in a small voice. "I'm just... I'm scared, Professor.""I told you at the end of last term," Dumbledore told her, voice quiet and careful, "that a time was coming when we would all have to make a choice, between what is right and what is easy. I understand the desire to run from trauma, to hide yourself away from grief, but this is not the way to do it. You can be brave, Calla."Remus pursed his lips. "She is a child, Dumbledore." His voice was low and quiet, but it comforted Calla. "You don't have to, Calla.""Of course," Dumbledore said, and though his voice was pleasant enough, his eyes had lost something of their usual twinkle. "I would say, however, that it would bring me a great deal more comfort to know Calla was in Hogwarts and accessible in the event-""Grimmauld Place is plenty accessible to you," Sirius said, cutting him off. Calla didn't think she could remember anyone interrupting Dumbledore before. "You've made sure of that."Dumbledore dipped his head. "In terms of Calla's Occlumency lessons, it would be far easier to manage if she was at Hogwarts. And I feel I ought to add, that I do not have quite the same freedom as I once did. Cornelius Fudge intends to place a Ministry member on the Hogwarts staff, and I do not have an alternative. That would severely restrict my ability to come and go from Grimmauld Place without drawing attention to our activities, which is the very last thing I want.""Then we don't need Occlumency lessons," Calla said quickly.Dumbledore stared at her. "Don't need them?""I... Well, they're not that important, are they?""Not important?" Dumbledore asked quietly. "Calla, they are of the utmost importance, in order for you to protect yourself against Lord Voldemort! In order to know what we are up against, you must be in control of your mind and your Sight!"She didn't know what to say. "I know but, I reckon I've got a pretty good handle on it already and I - I can work on it on my own and Remus and Sirius can help.""In June, when I spoke to you, you told me you wanted to know everything you could. That you wanted me to be honest and open with you, and I promised that I would be. That cannot happen if you do not return to Hogwarts.""But you haven't been!" She surprised even herself by raising her voice. Mrs Weasley looked startled, as did Remus. Sirius seemed to be trying not to smile. "This is the first time you've spoken to me at all in a month in a half!" Dumbledore didn't speak, and she swallowed, shrinking back a little. "I'm sorry, Professor. I - I didn't mean to be rude.""I find rudeness is often merely another word for honesty," Dumbledore said. His voice was warm and cheerful, but Calla realised not for the first time that it wasn't quite sincere. She frowned. "I apologise for not seeing you, Calla, and I understand you must have been worried. But I do have my reasons, and I trust that when I am able to reveal them, you will understand.""So you're not even going to tell me why?" That upset her more than she cared to admit, and though Calla told herself it didn't matter, she had thought that maybe after what she had said to him in June he might consider a bit of honesty. But it seemed he hadn't, even despite the promise he had mentioned. He was still determined to keep her in the dark.Dumbledore sighed heavily. "I sense this conversation has gotten rather off its track."She drew in a shaky breath. "Yeah. Sorry, Professor." Calla met his eyes nervously. "So. I still haven't decided what to do about school.""I would urge you to remain at Hogwarts," Dumbledore said. "It is the safest place for you, and the place where I believe you could actually be of the most use to the order and to your brother."It seemed Dumbledore thought that was what she wanted to hear to convince her, but it wasn't. She didn't want to only be useful, she wanted to be safe. It was probably selfish, and she didn't want to admit it out loud because she was sure the rest of the room would think so too, but she was tired of being useful and of being made to try and be a hero. She just wanted to be normal. But she didn't know how to have that conversation with Dumbledore, who seemed to epitomise the extraordinary. She didn't think he could ever understand the desire to be normal."The decision is up to Calla," Sirius said unexpectedly. He was frowning at Dumbledore. "You said you had to talk to her about Harry's hearing?"Dumbledore inclined his head, though he appeared reluctant to change subject. "Indeed. As the main witness to the events and the Dementors, you will be required to attend Harry's hearing.""Yeah," Calla said, nodding. She was somewhat relieved Sirius had changed the subject for her, as though sensing her discomfort. "I thought as much.""It ought to be a straightforward enough hearing," Dumbledore told her, "but I fear that is too much too hope for in the current climate."Calla frowned. "Because of Fudge?"Dumbledore nodded. "Indeed, because of Fudge. He is not pleased with either Harry or myself and I suspect would quite like an excuse to get us both in trouble. Luckily, the hearing is with Amelia Bones. She is a shrewd and fair woman and isn't so inclined as others to fall into line with Fudge." Calla saw Mrs Weasley fumble with a plate and tightened her jaw. "I will be there, as part of Harry's defense, but you are the crucial part. All you must do is tell the truth, Calla."She nodded. "I can do that.""And I must make sure - for the Ministry may not be correct in their assumptions of who the Trace detected, particularly when they are looking to point the finger at your brother - that it was Harry, and only Harry, who performed the Patronus Charm?"Though her cheeks warmed at with the reminder of how she'd failed, Calla nodded. "Yeah. It was just Harry. I - I tried, but nothing happened, so it was only Harry that did the actual spell."If Dumbledore was troubled by this, he gave no indication other than a small tightening behind his smile. "I am glad to hear it. Now, I believe that is all. I will be at the Ministry promptly, as I'm sure you and Harry will be as well. At the hearing, you ought to wait for me before you enter, Harry will go in first, alone. If you are in doubt at any point during the trial, just follow my lead, as I trust you to do." He smiled warmly as he stood up. "And remember what I said earlier, Calla. Your education is your decision, but I truly think Hogwarts is the best place for you."She smiled tightly as Dumbledore inclined his head to her, Remus and Sirius in turn before being shown out by Mrs Weasley. Part of her wished he'd come back. There were things she wanted to say, points she wanted to argue. Like why he had ignored her letters and was so suddenly insistent on having her at Hogwarts, and what he really thought of what the Daily Prophet had been saying. She'd ask him after the hearing, she decided, when she and everyone else was less worried about her brother."You ought to get up to bed," Remus told her quietly, breaking Calla out of her thoughts. He clasped a hand gently on her shoulder. "It's late.""Unless you need to talk," Sirius said carefully. "About that conversation."She shook her head. "I just don't know what I want to do at the moment. We should focus on Harry's hearing first of all, that's what's important."Remus sighed. "It doesn't matter what Dumbledore thinks, of where you ought to study. I want you to be wherever you feel safest and happiest.""Dumbledore likes to be in control," Sirius said, somewhat bitterly. "He won't like it if you're outwith that control, especially when you're so important to his plans.""What plans?" Calla asked."Order plans," Remus said. "Which we aren't strictly allowed to tell you.""But Sirius just said I'm important to them!"She caught Remus giving Sirius a frustrated look, which he shrugged off. "Like Sirius said, Dumbledore likes to be in control. You needn't worry about whatever he's planning, Calla. The Order can handle it. You don't have to do anything you don't want to."Despite her confusion and frustration, she nodded. She knew Remus was trying to help. "I just have to think about it," she said quietly, and Remus' smile was so understanding that she felt a rush of gratitude. "I don't really want to be away from Harry and all my friends. But the thought of going back, especially knowing what people think of me, and what the Prophet's been writing about me, it just makes me nervous.""I know," Remus told her, and laughed bitterly. "Trust me."She smiled weakly. "I think I'll head up now. Thanks, for sitting with me."Sirius grinned. "Well, we weren't going to be kept out of that conversation. I rather enjoyed hearing you challenge Dumbledore." She flushed. "No, I did! It's refreshing around here. Adds a bit of excitement to my day. It's just a little spice.""Sirius," Remus said admonishingly, but Calla found herself laughing just a bit to know he was on her side."I'll see you in the morning," she said, grinning. She felt just a little bit better now. And maybe, if she did stay here, having Remus and Sirius around all the time could be a good thing. If Harry did get expelled - which she still really hoped he didn't - it would be almost like they were a proper, permanent family, something she'd always wanted. A family like any other: normal, or as normal as they could get.Hermione and Ginny were still awake, gossiping, when Calla returned to their bedroom. "What happened?" Hermione asked at once, sitting up attentively. "Who's here?""Dumbledore," Calla said, and Ginny gasped."Really? You actually got to speak to him? We've barely gotten to see him all Summer!""Yeah. He just wanted to talk about Harry's hearing though, so I know what to do. Not that I couldn't have worked out to tell the truth myself."She shrugged, but Hermione looked suspicious. "Why did he only speak to you? Why not Harry?"Calla shrugged, not meeting her eyes. "Beats me. Maybe he thinks it'll just stress Harry out more if he has to talk about it. He does seem to be trying to ignore the issue.""I think he'd prefer to talk to Dumbledore," Hermione said. "And I don't understand why Dumbledore would want to talk to you and not Harry.""Thanks, Hermione," Calla muttered."I didn't mean it like that! But you know Harry's been upset that Dumbledore hasn't spoken to him at all." Hermione narrowed her eyes at Calla, who shifted uncomfortably. "What else did he say?""Nothing really," Calla said with a shrug. "He spoke to Mrs Weasley a bit, and Sirius and Remus, but I don't think he would have bothered with me if it weren't for the hearing." It felt bad lying, but Calla assured herself it was only a white lie. And besides, there was no point telling anyone about her considering not returning to Hogwarts when she hadn't decided yet. She also was not going to tell Hermione and Ginny before she discussed the issue with Harry, and she wasn't going to do that until after the hearing was out of the way. "Don't mention it to Harry before I do, will you?"Both girls nodded, though Hermione still looked like she was trying to puzzle something out. Then again, Calla supposed, she looked like that rather a lot.She had only a short chance to speak to Harry in the morning, though he sought her out first. "Who came to see you last night?" he asked, and though his voice sounded casual, Calla could tell it was taking him some effort."Dumbledore," she told him quietly. His eyes widened. "And before you say anything, we barely spoke, he just wanted to make sure we were on the same page about your hearing. He'll be there tomorrow."What frustration Harry had shown at first melted away to relief. "He will?" He grinned. "They'll never expel me if Dumbledore has anything to say about it!""Exactly," Calla said, also grinning. "You'll be fine.""I can't wait to be back at Hogwarts," Harry said, and Calla tried not to let her smile fall. "Now we'll both get to go.""Yeah." Calla's gaze drifted to Remus and Sirius, who were giving her quizzical looks. "It'll be nice to see everyone again. We should go help Mrs Weasley with that cupboard she mentioned, the one that needs cleaning out."She got up quickly and though Harry seemed confused, he followed her. "What was that about? Are you alright?""Fine," she said with a forced laugh. "Just, you know..." She fumbled. "You'll definitely get off from the hearing. You have to."His eyes darkened. "Yeah. I've got you in my corner, right?"She smiled at him as confidently as she could. "Course. It'll be fine, Harry. Promise."The morning of Harry's trial, Calla woke early. She was nervous but careful not to wake Hermione and Ginny as she got dressed; already, voices were floating up to her from the kitchen. Dressed in her best robes, Calla was assured that she would make a good impressions and she combed her hair down nervously. Much like Harry's, it didn't like to stay flat for long, so she ended up pulling it back into a tight pleat and hoping for the best as she hurried downstairs. This was a very important day for her brother, and she couldn't afford to mess it up.Harry was already in the kitchen when she entered, surrounded by Mr and Mrs Weasley, Tonks, and Remus and Sirius. They all looked incredibly nervous. "Morning," she greeted as cheerfully as she could. Harry handed her a cup of tea with a nervous smile, and she drank it; just the way she liked it, milk and two sugars."How are you feeling?" she asked him, dropping into the seat by his side."Like I'm going to be sick," he replied weakly. He did look a little pale."It's going to be fine," she assured him firmly. "Promise."Mrs Weasley handed her a piece of toast which she ate slowly. Despite her reassurances to Harry, she was nervous, too. Maybe it was just the idea of having to talk to an official, or maybe she was just tired, or maybe she was still thinking about Dumbledore and what he'd said about her schooling. But that wasn't what she should focus on today; this was about Harry, and helping him. "We might as well get going now," Mr Weasley said as Calla finished her toast. Mrs Weasley was desperately trying to make Harry's hair lie flat, something no one had ever achieved before. "You're better off hanging around the Ministry than you are hanging around here."Sirius leapt to his feet. "Yes. Quite right, Arthur." He wrung his hands together and exchanged an urgent glance with Remus. "I'll come with you, then. You'll have to explain the Underground to me, I haven't a fig how to navigate it as a human; people take pity on dogs well enough but no one in London gives a damn about Sirius Black."Their walk to the tube station was fairly quiet. Mr Weasley thought they ought to make their way to the Ministry in a non-Magical way, given the nature of Harry's charge, which Calla thought was a very good idea. It was also highly amusing to watch him and Sirius trying to get through the ticket barrier in the station, and he looked beside himself looking around at all the Muggles reading newspapers in suits. Sirius on the other side looked around with an almost puppy-like curiosity."Who are these people?" he asked Calla, pointing to a tall poster of a group of men standing around with bright hairdos and leather jackets. One was smoking."No idea," Calla said honestly, "probably some kind of singers."You don't know them?" he asked, looking disappointed. "They look interesting."She shrugged. "Yeah. Aunt Petunia wouldn't like them."The visitors' entrance to the Ministry was a telephone box, which certainly took Calla by surprise. The three of them were crammed tightly inside, so that when Harry reached out to take their visitors' passes, his arm was very nearly squashed. She much preferred the way they had arrived when it was Sirius' trial and they came with the Greengrasses. This was like being in a lift, and every second it took to sink down made anxiety rise in Calla's stomach. It would be fine, she kept telling herself. Harry was the one who ought to be worrying. That didn't make her feel better, though.After what felt like an age, they came out into the foyer of the Ministry of Magic. Dozens of witches and wizards went about their morning business, holding stacks of paper. Small folded pieces of paper soared over her head, but the sight of them seem to make nausea twist up her stomach, and a dizzy wave came over her. People called across the hall to one another but all the sounds rang together, discordant, in her mind; magic, searing, rushed over her skin, swallowing her like a flame, and she had to stop to catch her breath."This way," Sirius called over his shoulder to her, frowning, as she picked up the pace, legs trembling. "Everything's alright?" She nodded numbly. Someone laughed and it set her teeth on edge. "It's natural to be nervous, especially speaking in front of someone, but it'll only be Mafalda. And Harry will be fine.""I know," she told him hollowly as they went over to the visitor's registration desk. "He'll be fine."But she didn't feel fine. And even if Harry did get off, what would that mean for her? She still didn't know how she felt about going back to Hogwarts, she felt sick at the very thought of it. She wished she could just close her eyes and sleep and avoid all this, but she couldn't, and too soon they were before the visitor desk and there was no going back anyhow.A balding wizard sat in peacock blue robes, and reluctantly put down his paper as they approached, though he barely looked at them as he sighed, "Yes?""I'm escorting visitors," Mr Weasley said."Put your wands there," the wizard said tiredly, gesturing to a set of scales.Calla did so nervously; the golden dish vibrated and a slip of parchment fell out the desk. "Ten inches, elder wood and unicorn hair core. Been in use about four years. That right?"She nodded, and the wizard grunted as he handed her wand back over. Harry placed his in the dish, but the wizard glanced up at them and recognition seemed to dawn on him. When he spotted Sirius, his eyes widened even further, almost in horror, and his face paled as he focused on the twins. "Hang on a minute," he said, looking between the two of them. "You two-""The wand," Mr Weasley interrupted."Oh, right," he grunted, taking Harry's slip of parchment. "Eleven inches, holly wood, phoenix feather core. Used for four years.""That's right." Harry sounded nervous.It was with a look of severe suspicion that he picked up the last piece of parchment, Sirius'. "Twelve inches, aspen wood, dragon heartstring core. Been in use for just over a year." His voice turned to almost a squeak at the end."Correct," Sirius ground out."Right." The wizard smiled tersely. "I keep these." He impaled the two slips of parchment. "Do-.""Thank you, Eric," Mr Weasley said quickly, and he and Sirius were hasty to turn Harry and Calla away.They were led down the hall and into a lift where someone was holding a fire-breathing chicken that Calla avoided desperately. Her hand found Harry's and she squeezed it gently. "You'll be fine," she whispered, though he didn't seem to believe her. "Promise."They got out of the lift on level two, which included the Auror office. Calla peered around curiously as they went through; she didn't want to be an Auror, but she was interested by the various posters that had been put up around, showing wanted witches and wizards. Mr Weasley led them into the office itself, which had a number of cubicles where memos swooped in and out. The workers were just like any other; they'd decorated their office spaces with photos of family and some bright decorations, though some also had photographs of wanted witches and wizards. Sirius shivered as he passed, and Calla noted he was careful to avoid the few people who looked over at them. His shoulders hunched most uncharacteristically; she'd never seen him so keen to avoid attention.Kingsley Shacklebolt stood a couple of cubicles away and nodded stiffly to them as they passed, giving Sirius a tight but sympathetic smile. Calla looked around nervously; some of the Aurors had glanced up at their appearance. She wondered how many had been there that night in Little Hangleton, and how many had told the truth about it. How many had been allowed to.She kept her head down as Mr Weasley led them along corridors and around corners, until they reached a dead end and Mr Weasley took them into the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office. Last time she'd been in here had been just over a year ago, and this time it was full of a whole host of new artefacts, including a hiccuping toaster which she found greatly amusing. She'd have to write to Daphne about it, she'd be very interested."Take a seat, then," Mr Weasley said cheerfully. "It doesn't look like Perkins is in yet."She'd only just sat down when a memo fluttered in the office and came to sit down on top of the toaster. "Ah," Mr Weasley said, "another regurgitating toilet on Bethnal Green. This is the third one, it's getting ridiculous.""Who's making regurgitating toilets?" Calla asked with a frown."Muggle-baiters, mainly. Pranksters. There were two last week, one in Wimbledon, the other in Elephant and Castle. Muggles are pulling the flush but instead of it going down..." He pulled a face."That's disgusting," Calla said, wrinkling her nose."The poor things keep calling out their pumbles, but of course they don't know what to do.""Pumbles?" Harry asked."You know, the ones who fix the pipes.""Oh." Calla laughed. "You mean plumbers, Mr Weasley.""Ah, yes, that's right!" He beamed at her. "Well, they're all absolutely flummoxed. I hope we can catch whoever's behind it.""Will it be Aurors who catch them?" Harry asked. Sirius shook his head but didn't say anything. Instead, he focused his attentions on the posters dotting the walls advertising fizzy drinks and obscure brands of biscuits that Calla had never heard of."Oh no, this is much too trivial for Aurors. It'll be the ordinary Magical Law Enforcement Patrol." Calla had always thought Aurors must be like police, but now she wondered if perhaps they were more like the SAS. "Ah, Perkins!"A white haired wizard came running into the office, looking very flustered. "Oh, Arthur," He panted, "a message came in about ten minutes ago, I didn't know what to do for the best. I've just sent an owl to your house - they've changed the time of the Potter boy's hearing! It starts at eight o'clock, in Courtroom Ten.""What?" Mr Weasley leapt up, and Sirius knocked over a chair in his own haste. "We should have been there five minutes ago!""Why'd they change the time?" Calla asked, but the four of them had already started sprinting out the office and back along the way they'd come. Aurors stared as they passed."I don't know, Calla, but it's a good thing you two got here when you did! Any later and it would have been a catastrophe!" Maybe that was what they wanted."it's ridiculous, they can't - they've given you courtroom ten!"They skidded to a halt at the lifts and Mr Weasley furiously pressed the down button. Harry looked like he was going to throw up, and Calla didn't feel much better."What's wrong with courtroom ten?""That's where they tried me!""What?""Come on!" Mr Weasley said agitatedly as the lift lurched downward.Calla could hardly pay attention to anything until they arrived in the same corridor they'd come along when it was Sirius' trial. Her stomach lurched. They couldn't try Harry like they'd tried Sirius. That was ridiculous. But the corridor felt so imposing and cold as they raced along, as Mr Weasley tugged her back at the door marked Courtroom Ten."No, no," Mr Weasley said quickly, "you can't go in yet, Calla, not until Dumbledore arrives and they call you as a witness!""But what if Dumbledore doesn't know the time's changed?""He'll find a way. Harry, go on, get in there quickly, we can't afford you to be any later."She and Sirius barely had time to reassure Harry before Mr Weasley was ushering him inside. The door slammed shut behind him, and Calla leaned against the wall. "I feel like I'm going to be sick," she said."It'll be alright." Mr Weasley looked extremely nervous. "I'm sure Dumbledore will be along in a moment."She wasn't so sure. He hadn't made effort to so much as write to her and Harry all Summer, what if he had had a lie in, and didn't know the time changed? If he wasn't here in ten minutes, she decided she'd go in herself. Her brother needed a witness regardless of if Dumbledore was here."He had better," Sirius said, face white. He clenched and unclenched his hand. "This is ridiculous. Harry hasn't done anything wrong, and that room..." He shuddered and pale eyes flicked to the heavy door.For a long few minutes, Calla stood with her hand on the door, ready to run inside at any moment. All she wanted to do was be inside and make sure they didn't expel Harry, and she was getting incredibly agitated, hanging around outside. When she caught sight of Dumbledore hurrying towards them, she breathed a sigh of immense relief. "You're here! Thank God!""Quickly now, Calla," he said. "We have a trial to attend to. I trust your brother is already inside?" She nodded quickly. "On we go then."Dumbledore swept past her and opened the doors with great drama. All eyes turned towards them, and Calla tried her best to look confident as they swept inside. "Witnesses for the Defence, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore and Calla Lily Potter."She shot Harry a smile, and could see the relief that seeped over his pale face."Ah," Fudge said, and Calla realised how full the Courtroom was. It was just as full as Sirius' trial had been. Why were they trying him like this? "I see you got our note that the time and place had changed?""It must have missed me," Dumbledore said pleasantly. "But by a happy accident, I arrived at the Ministry three hours early. No harm done.""Ah, yes. How fortunate." Fudge looked very upset by this news, which emboldened Calla. "Well, I suppose I had better get you two chairs.""No need," Dumbledore said, and with a flick of his wand conjured two large, comfy armchairs. "Please take a seat, Calla."She tried not to smile as she took a seat on one side of Harry. Dumbledore was on the other. "Yes," Fudge said. He was clearly flustered. "Yes. Where are we then - the charges, of course."Calla listened nervously as Fudge read out the charges against Harry. Knowingly using magic in the presence of a Muggle, in a Muggle area, while underage. "You are Harry James Potter of Number Four Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey?" Fudge glared at Harry as if he hadn't spent four years sucking up to him and as if everyone in the Wizarding World didn't know exactly who he was."Yes," Harry said shortly."You are aware of the laws surrounding the Statute of Secrecy and the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery?""Yes.""And yet you conjured a Patronus in full view of a Muggle?""Yes, but-""Knowing that you are not permitted to use magic outside of school while under the age of seventeen?""Yes, but-""Knowing that you were in an area full of Muggles?""Yes.""Fully aware that you were in close proximity to a Muggle at the time?""Yes!" Harry was shouting now, which never boded well. Calla tried to catch his eye to calm him down. Shouting was of no use in a courtroom of critics. "But I only used it because we-""You used a fully fledged Patronus?" Calla looked up at the witch who'd spoken; she wore a monocle and was peering curiously at her."Yes," Harry said. "Because-""A corporeal Patronus?""A what?""Your Patronus had a full body and form? More than just vapour or smoke?""Yes," Harry said, his impatience clearly growing. "It's a stag, it's always a stag.""Always? You have produced a Patronus before now?""Yes," Harry said. "Professor Lupin taught my sister and I when we were in our third year at Hogwarts.""And you are fifteen years old?""Yes, and-""You learned this at school? Both of you?""Yes. Professor Lupin taught us.""Your sister produced a corporeal Patronus too?"Eyes turned to Calla and her cheeks went red. "No, Miss," she said nervously. "I can't produce a corporeal Patronus of my own, it's just mist, and I didn't produce any Patronus on the night in question.""Still," the witch said. "Impressive. Very impressive, in fact. A full fledged Patronus at that age... Impressive indeed.""It's not a question of how impressive the magic was," Fudge said testily. "In fact, the more impressive, the worse it is, considering the boy did it in full view of a Muggle!""I did it because of the Dementors!" Harry shouted, seeming unable to restrain himself a moment longer. Everyone stared at him. Calla bit her lip nervously."Dementors?" the witch asked. Her eyebrows rose in shock. "What do you mean, boy?""I mean, there were Dementors there! They attacked me and Calla, and our cousin, Dudley! That's why I had to conjure a Patronus, to get rid of them!""Ah." Fudge smirked. "I thought we'd be hearing something like this.""Dementors in Little Whinging?" the witch sounded greatly surprised. "I don't understand.""Don't you, Amelia?" Fudge was still smirking, and Calla felt a desire to wipe that smirk right off his face. "Let me explain. Clearly the boy's been thinking it through, he and his sister have put their heads together and decided that Dementors would make a nice cover story. Muggles can't see Dementors, can they, boy? Very convenient.""I saw them," Calla said, speaking up. "There were three of them, and-""And of course, the sister goes along with his tale!" Fudge laughed. "No other witnesses, but the sister must be telling the truth!""I am," she said quietly, regarding Fudge coldly. "What other reason would Harry have to conjure a Patronus? We know the law.""And yet he broke the law," Fudge said with a cold smile. "The International Statue of Secrecy, no less.""Actually," Calla broke in before Harry could have another angry outburst. She tried to keep her voice even and yet loud. "He didn't.""He performed a corporeal Patronus in front of a Muggle!""Yes," Calla said. She looked nervously at Dumbledore, who nodded. "But that Muggle was Dudley Dursley, our cousin, who we live with. As a result, he has known we are a witch and wizard since we were eleven. The Statue of Secrecy says that witches and wizards may perform magic in front of a Muggle who is a member of their permanent and immediate household or family. The most common example is parents, children, or spouses, but we live with Dudley and he knows about magic. So Harry didn't break the International Statute of Secrecy at all, actually."Fudge blinked and Calla tried not to let her smile of satisfaction show. "She's right," said the witch with the monocle, nodding to Calla. "And if the presence of Dementors can be proven, then the boy has not broken the Decree for Underage Sorcery either.""There were no Dementors!" Fudge blustered."Yes, there were!" Harry shouted furiously. "Calla and I are both telling you, they were there and that's why I used the Patronus!""Harry," Calla said softly. "Calm down.""You have no witness!""I have Calla, won't you listen?""The defendant's sister is hardly a reliable witness!""Actually," Dumbledore said, raising his voice. "Any witness is to be trusted in the eyes of the law. But if you would prefer another witness, there is one, besides Dudley Dursley.""I haven't time for more tales, Dumbledore! We don't need another witness, I want this over with quickly!""Then I'm sure you will be content to hear Calla Potter's witness." He smiled pleasantly. "There is no reason not to believe her.""They've obviously cooked up their story together!""We haven't," Calla repeated. "This is what happened. I don't know what more you want to hear, because you've clearly already made your mind up, Minister, but I am telling you the truth." She was rather proud of herself for getting that sentence out the way she did. Some of the other Wizengamot members were looking at her with approval, which filled her with hope. One, a toad-faced woman who had until now sat in the shadows, leaned forward and looked at her curiously. She instantly got a bad feeling from that look."Very well," Fudge said tightly. "What do you have to say, Miss Potter?"She rolled her shoulders back. Speaking was easy, she told herself as if it were true. She was still sweating from nerves, though. "Harry and I were out on a walk, like we often do at night. We were heading back home with our cousin Dudley, because it was dark, and then it started getting really cold. Obviously, this has been a very hot Summer, so we both immediately knew that something was strange. Dementors have quite an effect on us both." She swallowed thickly. "I could feel their presence, I'd gotten used to it since they were set around Hogwarts a couple of years ago. And then I saw them gliding down towards us, we both recognised them immediately. Dudley, our cousin who's a Muggle, didn't know what to do and one of them grabbed him." She shuddered, and did exaggerate a little bit to get her point across. Some witches looked sympathetically down at her. "It looked like it was trying to give him the kiss, it really did-""The kiss? On an innocent Muggle?" A derisive laugh."I'm only saying that's what it looked like, Minister. That's what I witnessed." She let the word hang in the air and found herself enjoying the frustration etched in the Minister's eyes. "But naturally we were both terrified, and the other Dementor came over to Harry and I. That's when I passed out - but Harry performed a Patronus to chase them away and when I got up, they were gone." She nodded her head. "That's the truth, Minister."Fudge looked incredibly displeased. The toad-faced witch next to him cleared her throat. "Might I speak, Minister?""Certainly, Dolores," he replied, and Calla realised who she was. Dolores Umbridge; she was the one who had put through anti-werewolf legislation that made it virtually impossible for Remus to get a job. She tried very hard to hide her hatred."Miss Potter, is it not just a teensy bit possibly that you - forgive me - imagined these Dementors?"She felt the blood drain from her. "Excuse me?""Well." Umbridge laughed girlishly. "It is highly improbably that there were any Dementors around Little Whinging! What business would they have?""Why don't you ask them?" Harry said, and Calla shot him a 'shut-up' look. He didn't need to say anything and turn the crowd against him."I'm quite sure I didn't hallucinate," Calla said, rather coldly."We are all aware of certain..." Umbridge smiled in that way, equal parts sweet and nasty. "Issues when it comes to your mentality, Miss Potter. After the incident at the Third Task of the Triwizard Tournament, and a hallucination that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named had returned... Along with - is it 'visions' you refer to them by? I find that it is rather hard to believe your tale."She felt numb. "You - that wasn't a hallucination!" She could still feel part of him pressing at her mind, still feel the cold terror of his hand on her arm, still feel that sensation like she was falling to her death on a kitchen floor, choking on smoke. "That was real!""I'm sure you believe so," Umbridge simpered condescendingly. Calla felt sick. Some of the Wizengamot whispered amongst themselves, looking down at her. "But we have no reason to believe what you see as truth.""My dear Umbridge," Dumbledore cut in pleasantly, "I believe I can testify to Calla's strength of mind, as her Headmaster. And I am sure the accusations you have levelled at her cannot be said for her brother.""Oh, I'm sure he would seize any opportunity to-""Perhaps it is time to call that other witness," said the witch with the monocle, and Calla breathed a great sigh of relief. It seemed no one could bring themselves to believe her and Harry, even though they were telling the truth. Had they been told to keep quiet, taught to, or were they simply scared to know? "Dumbledore?""If that is what the Wizengamot desires," he said, still cheerful. "Cornelius?"Fudge looked furious. "Very well, Dumbledore! Bring this witness in, see if she can lend any credibility to these children's tales!"Calla wanted to shout that they weren't tales but she knew that wouldn't help their case. So she kept quiet as Dumbledore called in Mrs Figg, and nodded along with her story. She wasn't totally sure Mrs Figg could see the Dementors, but she at least described their events accurately, and the fact that she was probably more impartial than Calla seemed to help the Wizengamot along in their decision."Even so," Fudge blistered as Mrs Figg finished her story. "The Ministry gave no license for a pair of Dementors to take a stroll through Little Whinging!""Unless the Dementors are not taking their orders from the Ministry," Dumbledore said coolly. Fudge went purple, like Uncle Vernon did when he went in a rage, and Calla balled her hands into fists. A nervous feeling twisted in her stomach. Don't talk about him, don't talk about him, don't talk any more about that night, please. "I have already given you my views on this matter, Cornelius.""Indeed you have," Fudge said tensely. "And I have no reason to believe your views are anything other than bilge, Dumbledore." But he had said as much. Voldemort had said they'd try to recruit the Dementors. She had told Dumbledore and Dumbledore had told Fudge and Fudge wasn't listening, none of them were listening. "The Dementors remain in place in Azkaban and are doing everything we tell them to.""Then we must ask ourselves why somebody within the Ministry ordered the Dementors to Little Whinging."Dolores Umbridge leaned forward again, looking down on them. Calla took in a deep but shaky breath. "I'm sure I must have misunderstood, Professor Dumbledore. It sounded for a teensy moment as though you were suggesting that someone ordered an attack on this boy and girl."Calla rather thought that could be the case. Looking around she saw few friendly faces, and she knew the sorts of things people had been saying, from the Ministry to the Prophet. And it occurred to her, something she'd known for a while but never truly realised, that Voldemort was not her only enemy, and that Death Eaters were not the only ones who had been corrupted."If it is true that the Ministry retains control over the Dementors," Dumbledore said in a cool and serious voice, "and Dementors attacked Harry and Calla, then the only logical conclusion is that they were there under the orders of the Ministry. Of course, these particular Dementors may have been outside Ministry control-""There are no Dementors outside Ministry control!""Then undoubtedly the Ministry will be making a full inquiry into why two Dementors were such a long way from Azkaban; one that will not be closed in the way that the June Twenty-Third inquiry was.""It is not for you to decide what the Ministry of Magic should or should not do!""Of course it isn't." Dumbledore's voice was mild but Calla was sure he was furious on the inside. "I was merely expressing my confidence that this matter will not go uninvestigated.""I would remind everybody," Fudge snapped, "that the actions of Dementors are not the focus of this inquiry! We are here to investigate Harry Potter for crimes that break the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery!""Of course we are," Dumbledore said, but Calla was sure everybody in that room knew that was not the only reason. "However, the presence of the Dementors is highly relevant to the case. Under Clause Seven, magic may be used by an underage wizard in exceptional circumstances, and as those circumstances include the threat to life of the witch or wizard thenself, or the life of another witch, wizard or Muggle in the vicinity-""We are familiar with Clause Seven, thank you, Dumbledore!""Then we agree; Harry's situation falls precisely into the outlined exceptional circumstances.""If there were Dementors, which I doubt!""You have it from two eyewitnesses," Dumbledore said placidly, and nodded to Calla. "I am sure Calla would be more than willing to elaborate if you have any further questions for her on the matter.""I want this over with today, Dumbledore!""Then by all means, make your verdict, Cornelius. I am sure you would hate for a miscarriage of justice.""Miscarriage my hat! This boy has a history, Dumbledore! He blew up his aunt!""You said that was okay!" Harry cried. "It was an accident!""Oh, I'm sure you say that now, it is still very much against the laws!""Actually," Dumbledore interrupted again. "Accidental magic is permitted under Clause Nine, so long as the witch or wizard in question understands the severity of their actions, as I'm sure Harry does." His eyes twinkled, but not kindly. "All of us lose control of our emotions from time to time, don't you agree?"Fudge, who himself was purple and looked like he was about blow up, glared fiercely at Dumbledore. "I haven't even gotten started on what the two of them get up to at school!""The Ministry is not responsible for the misdemeanours of children at Hogwarts schoolchildren," Dumbledore said. "Harry's behaviour there has no relevance to this hearing.""Oh! None of our business, is it? None of our business when this girl has the Aurors called out so she can put some credit to her fanciful tales and visions-""That is not what happened!" Calla shouted louder than she thought she'd ever shouted before. Tears burned her eyes as she yelled, spittle flying. "It's not and you know it's not, and your Aurors can tell you as much if you'd let them tell the truth instead of ignoring it to save yourself the trouble!""How dare-""Miss Potter," Dumbledore said quietly, and she glared at Fudge. "We are here to discuss one incident and one incident alone. Harry has presented his defence. Now all we must do is wait for your verdict."Fudge remained silent for a moment. Dolores Umbridge eyes Calla with intense dislike, but also something like surprise. She still felt ragged fury in her chest, but knew she had to keep her words in for now. They wouldn't do Harry any good.The judges of the Wizengamot whispered among themselves furiously, and Calla looked down, hardly daring to meet anybody's eyes. Then finally, the monocled witch spoke. "Those in favour of clearing the accused of all charges?"She chanced a glance up and felt relief sweep over her. More than half the hands were up, and it was clear. "And those in favour of conviction?"Fudge and about six or seven others raised their hands, but that was all. She sighed, and looked along at Harry. The colour had returned to his face finally. Fudge looked around twitchily. He did not seem to approve of this result at all. "Very well," he said reluctantly, "very well... Cleared of all charges."The chains that had been holding Harry to a chair were suddenly released and he sighed. "Excellent," Dumbledore said. "Calla, if you would stand up for me, dear." She jumped up, grinning at Harry, as Dumbledore vanished the two armchairs. "Well, I must be getting along. Good day to you all."Harry didn't seem to know what to do in the ensuing chatter and chaos of the courtroom, so Calla grabbed him and pulled him towards the door. "I guess I can go now?""I told you it'd be fine!" Calla hissed at him. "Didn't I? I did!"He grinned at her in response as they opened the door and hurried into the corridor. Mr Weasley looked at them anxiously and Sirius seemed to sag in relief at the very sight of them. "Well? What's the verdict? Dumbledore didn't say!""Cleared of all charges," Harry said happily, and both men beamed."Knew it! We knew it, didn't we, Calla?""Well done," Sirius said, slapping Harry on the back with a great sigh. "And Calla. Merlin. Bloody lucky we got here in time."They were all greatly relieved as they continued along the corridor, and Harry looked the happiest he had been all Summer. But then as they approached the end of the corridor, Calla spied Lucius Malfoy in deep and hushed conversation with Cornelius Fudge. She heard the distinct sound of coins tinkling against one another, and narrowed her eyes as she glanced between the two men."Ah," Malfoy said - he noticed them approaching and a cold smile curled his lip. "Patronus Potter. And dear Sirius is here too." His eyebrows raised and he nodded at Calla; a chill went shuddering through her and seemed to freeze her to the spot.The last time she had seen him had been as a shadow beneath a dark mask, jeering in a graveyard. Voldemort had said, Malfoy's house had room for guests. For Death Eaters. And here was Lucius Malfoy, with the minister for magic himself, daring to look them in the eye without an ounce of remorse. And Fudge was talking to him, doing a deal like they were old chums."The Minister was just telling me about your lucky escape, Potter," Malfoy drawled. "It is rather astonishing, the way in which you wriggle your way out of trouble... Rather snakelike, in fact."Calla went cold. She was vaguely aware of Sirius stepping in front of them, obscuring the twins from Malfoy's view. "I'm sure the same might be said for you, Lucius," he said, voice equally cool."And dear Sirius... Escapee of all escapees. It must be quite the trip down memory lane for you here today."Sirius' shoulders squared. "Not that you would know anything about that, Lucius. What does bring you here today?""Merely private business between the Minister and I, none of your concern. Shall we go up to your office then, Minister? It is awfully dark down here. You could do with lighting some fires."There was a moment in which Calla's heart stammered and Fudge looked almost uncomfortable, refusing to meet her eyes. Then he brushed it away, smiled jovially, and clapped Lucius Malfoy on the back. "Yes, yes, quite right. These rooms don't get used much anymore... Lovely to run into you, Arthur, but we both must be getting along. This way, Lucius."They strode off together and Calla went numbly along the corridor. Lighting some fires. He'd as good as said he was there, was bloody taunting her with it, and Fudge did nothing, either an idiot or simply willing to ignore any suggestion that someone he trusted - or someone giving him money - wasn't all he thought he ought to be. Her eyes stung furiously as a silent sob seemed to growl up from inside her chest, quite unexpected, to consume her as they turned the corner and Harry burst out, "Why wasn't he waiting outside Fudge's office if they've got business together?""Trying to peek into the courtroom, if you ask me," said Mr Weasley grimly."Slimy git," whispered Sirius, and fixed Calla with a concerned look. "Are you alright?" he asked her in a lower voice as Harry and Mr Weasley continued nervous mutterings about Malfoy."Fine," she muttered back, a dark silhouette entering her mind. Pale, cold eyes shone beneath a black mask, there was a body on the grass, a cauldron fire sputtered, her head burned and roared with the pain of it and she had to shut her eyes, chest ravaged by a sudden grip of fear. "I'm fine.""Let's best get you two home," Sirius said, steering her into the lift. "It's been a long morning."She gave him a small smile and nodded, allowing herself to be ushered inside while Harry asked about the Imperius Curse. She could still remember the feel of it, crawling emptiness in her veins, the weakness and the lack of ability, being trapped momentarily in her own mind. Walking unfeeling and near unconscious, through the will of another.The atrium level felt empty when they arrived and she could only offer her brother a small smile as he joyfully emptied galleons into the fountain and grinned over his shoulder like all the world's problems had been solved.

Harry was in such a good mood following the trial that Calla could hardly bring herself to talk to him about what she was considering. She hadn't decided, because she wouldn't let herself decide until she spoke to him, but still she didn't think she could stand the thought of people's eyes following her everywhere she went, whispers of her name all over the castle. Freak, strange, liar, poor thing. The thought of it made her feel a kind of ill dread.Maybe she was scared. No, never mind that, she knew she was scared. What if her Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher was worse than any of the others? What if Voldemort tried to breach the castle and got away with it this time? What if she was hurt? The only thing that kept her clinging to the idea that she might return was the fact that she didn't want to be separated from Harry so long, and it was for that reason that she knew she had to speak to him.They'd had a relatively nice day cleaning out a cupboard, and enjoyed a lovely stew from Mrs Weasley, but Calla knew she had to speak to her brother. She asked for a word alone and Ron and Hermione slyly went into the girls' room. Remus, who had been passing by in the hallway gave her a questioning look, and she nodded. If she was to avoid Hogwarts this year, then she would be officially staying with him at Collie Hill - they had to register it with the Ministry to be approved for teaching, and they couldn't very well register the Order's Headquarters, though it was thankfully already hidden from the Trace due to some doubtlessly illegal curses on the behalf of Sirius' great-grandfather."What's going on?" Harry asked her, frowning. "You've been quiet ever since the trial."She smiled faintly. "Yeah, that's the thing, I have to talk to you." They sat on the edge of separate beds, Harry appearing very confused. "I've spoken to Dumbledore and Remus and Sirius.""Right?""And - I don't think I'm going to be going back to Hogwarts this year."There was a moment of silence as he stared at her, seemingly shocked that there could be anything to stop her from returning to their school. "But - why? What's happened? They can't have expelled you!"She laughed bitterly. "No, I haven't been expelled. I made the decision not to go back."This seemed only to confuse Harry further. "What do you mean? Why not?""I just don't think it's a good idea," she said quietly. It felt harder to tell Harry than to tell anyone else, even Dumbledore, who had looked so disappointed in her. She squirmed and avoided Harry's gaze. "After the end of last term, everyone has an opinion of me. And given what happened, it's just - the thought of going back there is too much. It would just make more sense for me to stay here. Hogwarts doesn't feel safe anymore."Harry seemed at a loss for words. "But It's Hogwarts! We have to go back!""You can go back," she pointed out. "There's nothing stopping you, I just don't want to.""But I can't go without you!" Harry cried."Yeah, you can," she said softly. "You'll be fine, you always are.""Not without you," he told her. "You're my sister, Cal, you can't just leave me!"That stung a little. She blinked. "I'm not leaving you," she said tensely."It feels like it!" Harry retorted, eyes flashing with hurt. "You're my sister, we're meant to stick together.""I can't," she said in a whisper, lip wobbling. "I'm sorry Harry, but I just can't go back.""Why?" he asked, voice harsh. "Because you're scared!""Yes! Yes, because I'm scared! Because the last four years everyone's told me Hogwarts is safe and it never has been! Because every time I think about trying to do magic again, I just feel sick!""Dumbledore won't let anything happen to us, you know that!""He already has!" she snapped. "Don't act like you don't realise it! He shouldn't have let Quirrel get through a year with Voldemort possessing him, shouldn't have let the Heir of Slytherin get away with it, shouldn't have let the Dementors get to us, he shouldn't have let Crouch get away with impersonating his friend for a year! He didn't protect us, and I don't think he can, Harry! And I don't want to take the risk of trusting him again!""I - I know," Harry said, looking down. "I'm not exactly pleased with him either, but we need to be at Hogwarts, both of us.""No, we don't," she said, shaking her head. "I can be taught by Remus, we've already started looking into it-""You've already set this up!" he accused. "Without even telling me!""I didn't want to worry you before your trial!""So you spring it on me now?""Harry, I'm sorry for not telling you earlier but I had to figure it out on my own-""You've already decided! You're just telling me now, don't I get a say?""It's my life, Harry!""You're my sister!" His eyes were wide and angry, but they also looked a little scared. Calla's heart was beating out of her chest. "I - I can't do it without you, Calla. You can't just leave me to do this on my own! You - you're the only person who gets it! I need you, Cal!"She bit her lip. "I'm sorry. I just - I can't do it.""You'll have me," Harry told her fiercely. "Whatever happens, we stick together, that's how it's always been! There's no point ignoring what's happening and hoping it'll just go away.""I'm not-""That's what Fudge is doing! The Ministry! You can't run away from it, Calla!""I'm not trying to!" she yelled back. "And I am not like Fudge!""Aren't you? You're trying to avoid the issue because you think that'll keep you safe-""That's not what I'm-""Yes you are! You are, Calla!""Stop shouting at me!""Then don't leave me! Don't act like you're the only person struggling here!""I'm not, Harry, stop putting words in my mouth!"He stared at her, breathing heavily. "So you've made your mind up?""Not - not entirely," she admitted. "I knew I needed to talk to you.""You took your time about it.""Because I knew it would upset you and I didn't want to-""But you did-""Will you stop shouting at me?""Will you give me a chance to speak!""I have!""I don't want you to... Not be with me." He took in a deep breath and Calla stared back at him, hardly realising how her fists had clenched and how her head had started to pound. "I know you're scared, Calla. I get it. And I'm so, so sorry that I didn't manage to bring you back that night and that you were left there and that I let them get to you, but I promise I won't let it happen again.""This isn't about that," she said quietly. "I don't blame you, Harry. We shouldn't have been in that position. Dumbledore told me some things at the end of last year, things he should have told me already, for my own safety. He let it happen, when he should have done something instead of letting it play out." She took in a deep breath. "Harry, I don't honestly know if I trust him."Harry looked like he was faltering, too. "I think I'd trust him more if he actually talked to me," he muttered. "But I don't think he'd put us in harm's way."She sighed. "But he did, whether intentionally or not. And just... I don't want to feel everything I feel when I'm there. I don't know how to talk to anyone after everything that's happened, and Voldemort made me feel so weak and he forced my visions and I can't do that again. I feel like if I go back to that place, when it's so smothered in magic, I just feel like I'll drown.""You won't," Harry promised her pleadingly. "I won't let you." His voice held such promise and hope that for a moment, Calla found herself believing it."That doesn't mean you can stop it, Harry," she told him quietly. "You can't save everyone.""You're not going to need saving," he told her. "It's up to you what you do, anything you get involved in, but I just... Please come back with me."She breathed in shakily. "I don't know, Harry.""Well, why not?""I just told you!""I know you're scared. But that shouldn't stop you doing things.""That's how fear works, Harry."He frowned. "What am I meant to do without you?""What you always do. You've got your own friends, Gryffindors. You don't need me. Worst comes to worst, I'm more likely to let you down anyway. If you hadn't been worried about me, and Dumbledore hadn't been distracted, maybe you wouldn't have gone with Moody, and if they'd been a bit later, you could have been hurt!""I'd rather that than you were killed!" He ran his hands anxiously through his hair. "You're my sister, Cal. I do need you.""It's not like I'm any use in a fight.""You're still my sister," he said fiercely. "I don't care. You're there for me. You're my best friend.""Doesn't mean I'm not useless.""But you aren't useless. You're brilliant, Calla, you just have to stop being scared all the time!""Well, that's a little bit hard right now!""I know!" he shouted. "I know it is, but you can't let that stop you from fighting!""Except it does! And it's the fact that I can't fight that scares me! There's no use debating it, Harry, I'm the weak link here. Voldemort wants me, he thinks he can use me and I don't know if I'm strong enough to stop him! And if he can use my magic like he has, all of it, he will have a weapon that he could use to destroy you! The further away I am from any of that, the better.""Because you're scared!""Because I'm scared for you!" Furious tears stung her eyes. "And what's so bad about being scared? Everyone's scared!""You shouldn't have to be," he said quietly."But I am," she told him with a lump in her throat.She hadn't expected the right hug he gave her, but she realised she'd needed it. She needed her brother, but she didn't know how to stay near him. "I love you," she said quietly, wiping her eyes. "I just don't think I can do this.""I think you can," he said back, just as quiet. "And I... I'll be there for you.""Even if I stay here?"He hesitated for a moment. "Yeah." He stared down at his shoes. "I don't want you to, but you're my sister. If you really need to stay here... Just - please do come back to Hogwarts. I need you too.""I know," she told him quietly. "Even if - if I can't be at Hogwarts, I'm always a letter away."But even after they speparated, Harry doubtlessly to inform Ron and Hermione, and Calla to see if there was anything she could help with in the kitchen, it didn't feel right. She knew Harry didn't want her not to go to Hogwarts. But she really didn't want to go, didn't think she could face it. He was her brother, she told herself at night, unable to sleep. She should be there, to support him, because he needed her. But she needed to stay away from Hogwarts. She needed to be able to improve somewhere she felt safe. She needed people she trusted to protect her.Sometime after one o'clock, when the house was silent and she still couldn't sleep, Calla stole downstairs for a glass of water in the kitchen. For once, the house seemed at peace, even if she could still feel the tingle of dark magic hanging in the air and working along her skin. She sat on the stairs, staring absently at the door.There was so much out there in the Muggle world she'd abandoned. It didn't start and end with Little Whinging - with Mairi or with the Dursleys. There was an ache in her chest when she thought of Mairi. She couldn't speak to her, couldn't see her. Mairi didn't know where to send letters or where to phone, even if she did want to speak to Calla. The Dursleys didn't give a damn about her, obviously, but still a part of her had to think about the world she'd left. Not Privet Drive, but the wider world.One that was more or less at peace. One that didn't hunt her down, one that didn't make her feel completely helpless, one that didn't stifle her every sense. One where she could just be normal.She missed it sometimes. Missed feeling rooted in reality, missed feeling like she was just another girl. Maybe it wasn't the Muggle world - maybe it was just her younger years at Hogwarts, before she'd ever come face to face with Voldemort and before he felt like a real threat rather than something out a story book.It would be so easy to return. To run away from the Wizarding World and all of its problems but she was too scared to do that either. She had people here who loved her and needed her. Harry, Remus, Sirius, Daphne, Padma, Hermione, Isobel, Ron. All the Weasleys; all her friends at school. She couldn't abandon them, even if she was scared.And what Harry had said made her think. Because for so long she had been the weakest link, and had always felt like she needed him, and maybe that was true, but she worried she hadn't really spared a thought for the fact that Harry needed her too. And she didn't know how to reconcile what her brother needed and what she needed. She wanted to allow herself to be selfish but didn't think she could stand the guilt if Harry suffered because of her cowardice.And she knew Dumbledore wanted her at Hogwarts and thought it was the best place for her. No doubt he also wanted to keep her near. See what she and her Sight could do for him. She didn't care what Dumbledore wanted. He'd lost that privilege when he'd lied to her and when he'd let her almost die for his 'greater good' and his grand plan of seeing Voldemort return. She didn't trust him either anymore. But Harry had been right. She couldn't run from it, no matter how much she wanted to. She couldn't ignore how she was feeling because if she did then that would only make it worse. She just wanted to.She had to try and be brave, she told herself. But she could be brave outside of Hogwarts too, surely. She could be brave and feel safe.She shouldn't have had to. She shouldn't have had to deal with any of this, but right now she did, and what was more was that the people she loved did, too."You're up late," a familiar voice said, settling beside her on the stairs. "That was my Mum's finest gin glass, you know."She looked down at the glass of water she was holding in her hands. "Oh.""I have to tell you, if you were trying to eavesdrop on the meeting, you're a bit late."She tweaked her lips into a smile. "I just needed to think. Be on my own for a bit.""I heard you and Harry shouting earlier. It sounded like quite the row.""It was alright," she said. "We made up; we always do."Sirius placed his hand gently on her shoulder. "I know it's hard to argue with a brother. Mine was a prick, right enough, not like Harry at all, but it's still hard."She swallowed deeply. "It isn't the same. We both love each other, but I think we just don't always understand each other. Or he doesn't understand me anyway. He wants me to be brave. I don't think I can.""Don't you?" Sirius asked lightly. "You don't have to be a Gryffindor to be brave, Calla. But you're smart, and creative, and resourceful. I've seen you figure out and perfect a potion that wizards years older than you couldn't even think of. Remus told me you started working on your own version of the map." He smiled at her. "Pride aside, it took four of us to do that.""Yeah, but you were starting from scratch. I'm only doing it because I was curious about how to make Runes work.""Exactly, Calla. You've got a brilliant mind.""That doesn't mean I'm always much good at using it."Sirius laughed. "Few of us are.""I have the worst marks in Ravenclaw.""To be fair, you've only done half the exams you normally would at your age. Personally, I never thought grades mattered that much.""Yeah, well, you became an Animagus at fifteen so it's not like you were bad at magic. I just am, and it wouldn't bother me if it weren't for the fact that everyone does better, and I need to do better too! But I'm scared too." She held the gin glass tightly, furiously, and sighed."I'll let you in on a secret," Sirius said quietly. "Most fifteen year olds are. I'm scared, too, Calla. But I know you're brave, too. You saved my soul by running into the Forbidden Forest at night to try and capture a mass murderer. I'd say that was pretty brave of you."She flushed. "Yeah, but, I had to.""Exactly," Sirius said quietly. "That's what bravery is, Calla. When you have to be brave, you can be, and that's what counts. But until then... It's perfectly alright to be scared. Just..." A heavy shadow came across his face. Calla looked at him curiously. "Don't feel you have to give up yourself for anyone else. Do what you feel is right for you, Calla... Don't lose yourself. But don't lose your brother, either.""I won't," she promised him. "Never."His lips quirked into a smile. "Good. Now, how about you get some more water in a different glass and off to bed, or Molly will be furious about you not getting enough sleep and Kreacher will cry at you having touched the Black crystal."That elicited a laugh out her, and Calla found herself smiling as she and Sirius went back into the kitchen. She'd never really allowed herself to feel for him the way she had for Remus, not pleased at how he had suddenly returned and expected to be a part of their lives after twelve years of leaving them and - most importantly - Remus alone, and she'd always worried that she might make Remus think he came second to Sirius. But right now she felt nothing but gratitude towards him, and tears pricked her eyes, because no matter how he annoyed her and how she argued, she realised that she did trust him. And that he did have their interests at heart."Sirius?" she said thickly as she was about to go back upstairs. She loitered awkwardly on the landing. "Thank you for talking to me. I... It does mean a lot."She hugged him - very briefly - and then hurried upstairs before he could respond.XxCalla mulled the issue over and over in her head, whenever she had a spare moment between cleaning the house and trying to forget the aching shadow in her mind. It only got worse when she was around anything magical, like the Black family's set of enchanted knives. She kept hearing whispers, whispers that she knew no one else could hear. If she went to Hogwarts, she worried, those whispers would only be amplified.She'd been waiting days on letters from her friends too, and when they didn't come, Calla began to wonder if they ever would. Maybe it was for the best if she didn't return. Daphne's family was already struggling to grapple with her friendship to Calla, and Padma didn't need the added worry, and besides, as long as she was at Hogwarts, she was putting people in danger and making their school a target. People like Cedric Diggory, caught in the crossfire without even knowing."I'm not going back," she told Remus at the end of breakfast, three days after her talk with Sirius."You've decided?"She nodded shakily. "Yeah. I... Maybe I'll go back next year but for now I just..." She crumpled at the look on his face. "I'm sorry I've let you down, I just can't do it!""Hey," Remus said, standing up, "you haven't disappointed me at all, Calla.""I - I know I should be able to go back, Harry is, and - and I know I'm meant to go but...""You can't," Remus said gently. "And that's alright, Calla. It's okay to be scared."She shook her head, wiping furiously at her eyes. "Harry's scared.""And you aren't Harry, as you've told me many times before." His mouth quirked into a small smile. "Calla, it's alright. It doesn't matter to me where you are so long as you're safe - and so long as you feel like you are safe." She nodded numbly as he pulled her into a tight hug. "I'll speak to Dumbledore and we'll work out all the appropriate paperwork. We can tell Harry together, if you'd prefer that." She nodded, tears leaking out over her cheeks. "And you ought to tell the girls too, so they know.""They've barely written me since July.""I know, but they'll want to know. They'll be worried."Nodding, Calla pulled away, and pushed her hair behind her ears. Mrs Weasley looked over from the corner and gave her a warm, encouraging smile. "Do you want a hand clearing up?""No, you go ahead." Remus smiled gently. "I have a letter to write."They told Harry after lunch. He gave Calla an incredulous look which turned to one of confusion and the betrayal. "Right." The word sounded somewhat strangled. "Well. Good for you, I guess. I'm glad you're... Happy."He didn't sound it. "I know you wanted me to come back to Hogwarts with you," Calla said lowly, "but I just can't right now, Harry. I need to be here. Remus and Sirius can teach me and I just feel safer, and""Yeah, I get why you want to stay," he snapped. "You don't have to go on about it.""I just wanted you to know why. And we'll still see each other, on Hogsmeade weekends, and obviously at Christmas and Easter if you can spare the time from studying.""Course." He smiled falsely and it was gone within a moment. "Cool. Well, if that's all, I need to start packing."That was a lie. Harry never started packing for anything more than twenty-four hours before she was due to leave. But she let him go."He's not happy about it," she said quietly to Remus, who nodded. "Is he?""No," he replied grimly, staring after him. "No, I don't think he is." He put on a smile as equally fake as Harry's. "But he'll work through it. Now we have to focus on figuring out the paperwork to apply for your home education and getting your summer work done to present to the Ministry.""Yeah." Calla smiled tensely. "I suppose we do."XxAt the end of the day, Calla forced herself to stop being scared and wrote a letter. For ten minutes, she watched the quill ink dry, holding the too-thin paper gently between thumb and forefinger. She hadn't quite considered how much the ink would leak through, and waited impatiently for it to dry.Again, she had an escort when she went out to the post box, but it was just Tonks, so she didn't mind. Although she did have to ask Tonks to turn her nose back to a human shape - she had been wandering around with a pig snout all day, to see how long it would take Mad-Eye to tell her off. Calla had kept a small book of stamps with her, just in case she did have to communicate by Muggle post. Writing a letter was only somewhat easier than making a phone call. She didn't expect Mairi to reply, but she wanted to write to her anyway. They were friends before they were anything else, and Mairi was her only real Muggle friend."I always thought it was a shame how we can't talk to Muggles about any of this," Tonks said mildly as they made their way back to Grimmauld Place. "My dad grew up Muggleborn, but he couldn't tell any of his friends the truth when he went to school. Couldn't phone or anything. Suppose you get used to it, and it's for the best, but I 'spect you could use someone familiar to talk to."Calla blinked at her in surprise at Tonks' wisdom. "Yeah. Kind of just want to make it up to her after leaving so suddenly."Tonks smiled. "I can understand that."They entered just as Remus was leaving. He brushed past Tonks, who raised her eyebrows at him and proceeded to turn her nose back into a pig snout. Remus laughed loudly, grinning, and Calla was surprised to see something like a blush on his cheeks. That was interesting. She shot him a look and he just shook his head, trying not to laugh, and hurried out the door.Despite the fact that Calla would not be returning to Hogwarts in September, Remus insisted she still complete her Summer homework which she had been neglecting since June. "I'll mark it, and see where you're at," he'd said, and she had felt suddenly very nervous about the prospect of her godfather marking her work, even though he'd done it before. "Then we can start some of the O.W.L. curriculum, if you'd like, and if I have some of your written work to present the representative from the Department of Education then all the better to show you could benefit from home schooling."Soon, Calla came to very much regret having put it off for so long, because she rarely procrastinated on written work and found that method was definitely superior to staring at stacks of parchment and books in the kitchen and realising she had to get it all done.Hermione found this amusing, which Calla did not appreciate. "At least you won't have much to do for Divination," she said, and though Calla thought it was meant to be helpful, it also annoyed her and she was not in the mood for it.One thing that did turn out to be very helpful was the Black family library. It wasn't as large as the one in Hogwarts, but it was just as impressive. There were shelves containing volumes that looked centuries old and exceedingly rare, and others that seemed to have been a dump for used schoolbooks. She even found a very old copy of The Standard Book of Spells: Grade Seven that had come out in 1978. Before she got to go into the library, Sirius made her promise that she wouldn't touch anything on the far right side, which he said contained books about curses that were also cursed. She stuck to the books that had brighter spines and slightly more fifteen-year-old-non-dark-wizard-friendly titles, although that did severely limit her options.The library, though gloomy and cobweb-ridden, was the most peaceful part of the house. It didn't seem to breathe the same way the rest of it did - shakily and coldly - and instead was simply peaceful. Perhaps it was some universal library quality, that they were refuges and little pockets of peace, or perhaps Calla just desperately wanted them to be. Though the library didn't have the benefit of Mrs Weasley hovering and offering her tea, she did find she preferred it to working in the kitchen. And she thought she could get rather used to working here.She was just going to find a book about the Pendle witch trials, hoping the Black library held such books, when her fingers brushed against another, older, far more worn volume. The gold engraving on the spine was faded, but Calla could still make out the title.'The Magic of the Mind and Soul.'The worn leather cover, though cracked, felt soft underneath her fingertips. The book didn't look dangerous, yet something did give her pause. This wasn't the type of book she'd often see in the Hogwarts library, she could tell that. 'Magic of the Mind and Soul'. The title appealed to her. It was like now that she'd accepted what was happening, she just wanted to know. No, to understand.Her eyes darted to the door, not that she expected anyone to enter - not even Hermione came in the library, as she wasn't a fan of the lighting or the darkness of the materials - and most of them were upstairs anyway. She slipped the book from the shelf and held it in the crook of her arm, before plucking the book she needed for her essay and sitting down. One thing at a time, she reminded her curious head.XxThe last few days before the start of September were tense. Summer's heat wound down outside but still Grimmauld Place felt stifling. Harry hardly looked at Calla. He hardly spoke to her either. It made guilt gnaw at her chest.During the days at least she had studying to keep her occupied, as well as a short visit to Collie Hill with Remus to spruce it up and make it look lived-in enough that the Ministry's Department of Education representative wouldn't grow suspicious. The day the wizard arrived - one Professor Tofty - Harry was made to hang around sullenly, skulking the edges of the kitchen, muttering agitatedly to himself. Calla felt sick as she waited in the living room, wringing her hands together. Matilda purred at her feet, seeming completely unaware of everyone else around her. Calla envied that ignorance."It'll all be fine," Remus said, whether to Calla or Harry or just to himself, it wasn't clear. He held a stack of the necessary paperwork in his arms. Harry let out a low and unintelligible mutter and glared at the kettle, which had been only recently relieved of dust."I know," she said in reply, frowning. "He's almost here."The doorbell rang. Harry startled and gave Calla an almost accusatory glare as Remus hurried into the hall to answer. There were muffled voices at the door, Calla clasped her hands together, and they moved into the living room. "Calla," Remus said with a strained smile, "this is Professor Tofty."The wizard stepped forward with a warm smile and Calla leapt to her feet. He was short, balding, and certainly old, but jolly. "Miss Potter," he said, beaming as he wrung her hand. "Lovely to meet you, lovely." His gaze wandered to the kitchen and Harry clenched his jaw. "And Mr Potter of course. Lovely to see you both.""And you," Calla said quietly but politely as she stepped away."Now, we have a few things to go over, especially since it's your O.W.L. year but there's no need to be nervous. Hogwarts is all change this year, which is why they've got me dealing with you: but I'm sure you'll get along just fine. Your godfather sent along some of your classwork assigned at school, which we might go over.""Alright," Calla said, nodding and sitting down with still jittery nerves. Matilda eyed Professor Tofty with suspicion, prowled over to his feet, circled the room and then lay down to sleep."Tea?" Remus asked, and the professor nodded."Three sugars, if you'd be so kind, Mr Lupin."Tofty smiled as he sat down in the armchair opposite Calla and Remus. Harry, in the kitchen, scowled over the Potions homework he'd been made to finish off today."Your essays are very good," Professor Tofty told her, "and I particularly liked the History essay about the witch trials. Your written work doesn't concern me, you seem to have a decent grasp on magical theory across the board. Your practical performance is a little more complicated." At this, he seemed to take a moment to contemplate his next words. "As you know, Miss Potter, a large part of the O.W.L. curriculum involves practical coursework and an assessment of your spellcasting capabilities. It is important that you do not neglect this element of your work. However," here, he nodded to Remus, "it is lucky that your godfather already has a record with the Ministry as a Hogwarts professor, one who turned out very good results." Remus went pink. "Some of my, er... Colleagues." He cleared his throat. "Are concerned for the... Welfare of a student in the care and teaching of a - well-""Werewolf," Remus said tiredly, "you can say so, Professor. And we have made provisions for full moons already. I will take the Wolfsbane potion, and Calla will be cared for by family friends who have offered to pitch in.""I see." Tofty scrawled a note on his parchment. "That is reassuring, Mr Lupin. Now, if we could go over the coursework requirements and registration papers. Calla is already registered for ten O.W.L.s under Hogwarts, and so I only need to have you sign to say that this will remain the case, and that you agree she will undertake these examinations in the Ministry's testing centre. There are around ten or so other students her age studying with families at home, who are all signed up, and I can put you in touch with the network of other families, for additional support.""That would be very kind." Remus smiled, and Tofty handed over the papers for them to discuss. "Calla, would you make some tea?""Milk and two sugars for me, if you would be so kind.""Sure," she chirped, relieved that this all seemed so easy. It was likely a blessing they'd had Professor Tofty assigned to them; he seemed a lot nicer than most of the Ministry officials she had encountered lately. When she crossed into the kitchen, leaving Remus and Professor Tofty to muffled conversation, Harry glanced up for a split second and then away again, lips pursed.Calla sighed and put the kettle on. "You know I-""Yeah, yeah," Harry muttered, waving his hand. "It's all fine. Just let me do this essay for Snape in peace, would you?"Calla scowled at him and turned her back. "Fine," she muttered in return. "If Snape's so important."Harry made an annoyed sound and turned his head back down to the table before him, and started writing away again in his horrible chicken scratch handwriting. Calla ground her teeth. "I'm sorry," she said for what felt like the thousandth time. "You know why I can't""Yeah, yeah." Harry waved her away. "I get it. I'm busy."That stung. The kettle whistled and Calla picked it up, pouring out tea, and put two extra sugars in Harry's one before putting it pointedly over the corner of his parchment. He glared stiflingly up at her and she put on a sweet smile. "Have fun," she told him. "Being busy."She swallowed the lump in her throat and her brother didn't reply, just spluttered over his too-sweet tea and let her take the rest through to the living room alone.

For the final few days of Summer, Calla and Harry skirted around one another with strained platitudes and politeness. She knew her brother wasn't happy with her - even if he refused to say so, she wasn't stupid - and she had to admit she was getting rather bloody annoyed with him, too. The worst part was it was clear that Hermione and Ron had both taken his side too, and without any of her peers really in her corner - Ginny went along with the others, and Fred and George didn't appear to care much either way - those last few days had to be spent mainly in the library, reading and moping and all in all trying to avoid everyone, as they avoided her.The last day before her brother was due to leave, Calla resolved to at least make some effort to reconcile with him, whether or not he was willing to do the same. If this was to be the last time they saw one another before Christmas, who knew what might happen in the meantime? But the day did not start off well."Calla!" Hermione cried, waking her up. Two owls were flapping around the room, greatly disturbing Moony, and seemed bemused by the three girls. "Calla, look!""What?" Calla asked groggily, sitting up with bleary eyes. One of the owls shrieked and dove out the window as Moony swiped for it, and the other followed. "Moony, be careful! Are those your Hogwarts letters?""Yes!" Hermione cried, dancing over, and Calla wondered why on earth she was so excited, unless someone even more good-looking than Lockhart had taken over as Defense professor. "And look! Look at this!" She shoved in front of Calla's face what looked like nothing more than a large red blob. "Look what it says!""I can't - where are my glasses?" She fumbled on the nightstand and then put them on, squinting at the blob. it was a badge, it seemed. And there, in shining golden letters, read the words Gryffindor Prefect. "Oh!" She looked up to find Hermione beaming. "Well done!""Isn't it wonderful?" She squealed and Calla could have sworn she saw Ginny trying to stifle a laugh. At least they seemed to have forgotten they were in their mood with her."That's brilliant," Calla said, hugging her tightly."Oh, I'll have to tell my parents - you wouldn't mind if I used Moony, would you?""Course not," Calla said unthinkingly. "Er, just make sure you send him on to me later.""Oh." Hermione's face fell suddenly. "Oh, yes, I forgot. Well, anyway." She grinned. "I bet Harry's gotten one too, that might cheer him up a bit. Come on, let's go and see.""Of course!" Calla beamed; if Harry had been made Gryffindor Prefect - and why wouldn't he have been? - then he would be in a much better mood and more willing to have her talk to him. They could sort things. Finally.A strange and giddy sort of relief filled her as she and Hermione hurried down the hall towards the boys' room, where Hermione flung the door open. The boys were still there, along with Fred and George, and Harry was clutching a Prefect badge, staring numbly at it. Hermione let out a shriek and ran towards him."Oh, Harry, you got one too! I can't believe it - well, actually I can, of course it's you-""Um," Harry broke through, trying to push Hermione off him. Ron's face had gone white and his ears red. Confused and frozen, Calla glanced between them. "I didn't get made Prefect. Ron did.""Oh." No one knew quite what to say. Ordinarily, Calla would have gone to stand by her brother, reading his annoyance, but she wasn't sure she could right now. Instead, she lingered awkwardly in the doorway, watching the most horrifically awkward moment unfold before her as Hermione fumbled to fix her blunder and assure Ron, who only seemed increasingly annoyed, and essentially ignored Harry's own frustration. Fred looked rather amused by the whole manner, but Calla didn't even get the chance to say anything before the door banged open and Mrs Weasley swept in carrying laundry."Ginny said your booklists have arrived at last," she said, looking harassed. "Give them to me and I'll take them over to Diagon Alley this afternoon and we'll get everyone's books for you while you're all packing. Ron, I'll have to get you more pyjamas, those are at least six inches too short, I can't believe how fast you're growing... What colour would you like?""Get him red and gold," George said with a smirk, "to match his badge.""his what, sorry?" Mrs Weasley asked absently."His badge," Fred said with an exaggerated grimace which made Calla giggle, "his lovely shiny new Prefect's badge."Mrs Weasley froze, though her hands still seemed to think they were folding pyjamas, leading her to fumble as she turned around, staring in shock at her youngest son. "But... But, Ron, you're... You're not..." Ron held up his badge and Mrs Weasley shrieked. "I don't believe it! Oh, Ron, a Prefect, that's everyone in the family!""What are Fred and I?" George said as his mother rushed to fling her arms around Ron. "Next door neighbours?""Oh, just you wait until your father hears, Ron, he'll be so proud! What wonderful news, you could even end up as Head Boy, just like Bill and P-Percy, it's the first step! Oh, what a thing to happen amid all of this, I'm just so thrilled, oh, my Ronnie!""Mum..." Ron groaned, his face having gone even redder than his badge. "Mum... Don't... Mum, get a grip."She let go of him with a slight tut but was still beaming with pride. It was sweet. "What'll it be then?" she asked. "We gave Percy an owl, but of course, you've already got one...""What d'you mean?""Well, you've got to have a reward for this!" Mrs Weasley said with a fond smile. "How about a nice new set of dress robes?""We've already bought him some," Fred muttered."Or a new cauldron?" Mrs Weasley went on, ignoring him. "Charlie's old one's rusting through, or how about another rat, you always liked Scabbers-""Mum," Ron said hopefully, "could I have a new broom?" Her face fell. "Not a really good one!" Ron added quickly. "Just a new one. For a change."Mrs Weasley hesitated for a moment but then smiled fondly. "Of course you can... Well, I had better get going if I've a broom to buy too. Calla, Remus gave me a list of books for you, but is there anything else you need?""Oh, no," Calla said quickly, shaking her head, "I bought a few things over the Summer, and it's not like I'm far away if I need anything later. Thank you for asking though."Mrs Weasley smiled at her. "If you're sure then, dear. I'll see you all later... Oh, my little Ronnie, a Prefect! And don't forget to pack your trunks... A prefect... Oh!"She kissed Ron on the cheek, making his face redder than ever, and sniffed loudly before bustling from the room in an apparent flurry of proud emotion.The moment she was gone, the twins turned. "You don't mind if we don't kiss you, do you, Ron?" asked Fred."Or we could curtsy," George added in fake earnest, "if you like.""Oh, shut up."As they bickered, Calla sidled over to Harry, who was watching the ongoing scene with what might have been confused for apathy if Calla didn't know the frustrated and confused tick to his jaw. "You're not bothered by it, are you?" Calla asked in a whisper, but is was apparently the wrong thing to say.Harry glared at her. "No," he said, too sharply. "Obviously not. Who'd want to be Prefect?"You, Calla wanted to say, now that you know it could have been you. But she didn't say that. "I agree. Sound like crap."Harry snorted. "I'd have thought you would have wanted to be Prefect. You probably would have been." The unsaid end of the sentence lingered in the air."No, it's an awful lot of responsibility. I'd have to do so much extra work. Plus, I don't think I'd be so good at discipline and stuff. First years are intimidating." Harry looked away pointedly at the window and Calla sighed. "I bet it's Padma. Maybe Lisa, or Mandy.""Don't you know?" Harry asked sharply."Know what?"He pursed his lips. "Everything."So he was going to be like that, then. "Right," Calla started, "why are you-"There was a loud crack as Fred and George disapparated, causing Calla to jump. Hermione looked over at her, eyes raised. "I like the Cleansweep," Ron was saying to no one in particular, "maybe I'll let Mum know... They've got a new one out... Yeah..."He hurried out the room, leaving Calla and Harry standing with Hermione. Neither of them wanted to look at her; Calla could feel her cheeks flaming."Harry?" Hermione said tentatively."Yeah? Yeah." He nodded. "Well done, Hermione. Prefect... That's... Great.""Thanks." She looked between them both. "Er, I'll see if Mrs Weasley needs any help with the laundry."And she left the two of them alone for the first time in days. She closed the door behind her, and neither twin made a move towards it."So," Calla said, and then stopped. Harry folded a pair of pyjamas on the bed, frowned, and then refolded them. The second result was even worse. "Let me do it," she told him sharply, attempting to help, and he batted her sharply away."I'm fine," Harry snapped. "I don't need your help.""I'm just trying to-""Don't you have something to do? Don't you and Remus have some sort of lesson plan to go over in the library?""Actually, no. Funnily enough, I wanted to talk to you.""Bully for you," Harry snarled. "But I'm busy.""Oh, will you stop with this? Just bloody talk to me, Harry.""Maybe we'd have plenty of time for that if you were going to Hogwarts!""Well, I'm not, and I'd rather talk to you today than have you continue to ignore me until Christmas!""Oh, so now you're not even going to visit!""Well, you don't really seem like you'd want me to with the way you've been going on!""Shut up, Calla.""Don't tell me to-""No, shut up! You wanted me to talk to you, didn't you? You've bloody abandoned me, Calla! You think I'm excited to go back to Hogwarts? You think I'm not scared, too? I almost bloody died last year!""Oh, welcome to the bloody club!""It'll be alright for you, cozied up here with Sirius and Remus and the Order, getting to know everything that's going on-""I highly doubt-""Even bloody Dumbledore came to visit you! Not me, you! All the last two years, you've gotten to see him all the time and learn from him and you don't even care, you're just staying here! You've no idea what it feels like when someone like that leaves you out of the loop! I had no idea of anything Dumbledore told you, I had no idea of what he knew about Voldemort! He's done so much and he actually communciates with you and you don't care! You're hiding in here instead of doing something! You're not loyal to him, you're not even bloody loyal to me!""Not loyal?" she echoed. "Not bloody loyal? Are you having a laugh, Harry?""Well you have just turned your back on me!""I've not turned my back on you, Harry, don't be an idiot!""I'm not an idiot!""I love you, Harry, you're my brother, but I need to do this! I can't learn at Hogwarts, I don't feel safe!""No one feels bloody safe, Calla! Learn to deal with it!""I know you're upset but calm the-""DON'T TELL ME TO CALM DOWN!"The words seemed to burn out of him, hitting Calla with a magical force that made her stagger back, head spinning. Her breath caught and she stared at him, trying to refocus, but her whole vision was blurry. Her scar burned. There was something strange, lingering around Harry, something grey and smoky, something red in his eyes...She was snapped back to reality by burning pain in her arm. Her brother was holding her, face white, and she'd somehow fallen to the ground without realising."Get off!" Her voice hitched as she scrambled away. The pain ebbed in her arm, but not her scar. "What are you-""What happened?" Harry's eyes were green again, the mirror of her own. "You fainted.""Brilliant." She shook her head. "That... That doesn't happen.""It's happened before-""There was no vision." Her scar pulsed."Then... What?"She stumbled to her feet. Her legs shook. The place on her arm where Harry had grabbed her was still burning hot. "I - I don't know.""Are you..." Her brother's voice seemed to shake a little, too. "Are you okay?""Do I look okay?""No, but... You... I'm sorry.""Not your fault," she muttered, even though some bitter part of her chest wanted to scream at him that it was, that this was all his fault and none of the horrible things in her life would have happened if it wasn't for him. "I... Probably just need breakfast. I... I'll see you."It was strange. She didn't know what, and it didn't make sense, but her instincts forced her to run out of the room, to put as much space between herself and her brother as was possible within Grimmauld Place. She hurried to get washed and dressed and then down to the kitchen, still shaken. When it came to breakfast, she couldn't eat. Something gnawed at her stomach and grew up into her chest, and it seemed even worse down in the dark, too-hot kitchen with dark magic stirring around them. She avoided everyone's eyes, including Remus' - he seemed to note how little she'd eaten - and hid in the library all day while the others kids packed their trunks, listening to the sounds of the house around her and staring out the grimy windows into the overgrown garden.It was Sirius who came to see her, muddling through the twisting aisles. "Sometimes I think this library's gone sentient," he said by way of greeting, and she jumped. "It's like a maze." Calla shuddered. "Sorry, I didn't mean... Anyway. Your brother wanted me to come find you.""Did he?""He said you fainted earlier. You didn't say anything.""Yeah, because I'm fine now."Sirius gave her a dubious look and sat down in the seat next to her. "Calla, you need to tell Remus and I when things like this happen. And you can't just hide yourself away in the library all the time, alright?"She shrugged, not looking at him. "I like it in here. It's cozy, there are books, and no one bothers me."He sighed. "Everyone's just worried about you, Calla. And for good reason. Now, why don't you tell me what happened when you fainted? Harry's awfully upset about it.""Poor Harry," she muttered."He seems to think he frightened you. I think he's trying to blame himself because he's worried about you and you haven't been speaking to him-""He hasn't been speaking to me!""-then why don't you tell me what's going on?""Nothing! He's just... He's been in a bad mood with me ever since I decided I wasn't going back to Hogwarts and I get why, I get that he wishes I was going with him, but he doesn't seem to understand that I just can't. And he gets angry instead of listening, this was the first time we've properly spoken in days and it ended up in an argument and he's just... So, angry. And I get it. Of course he's angry, but I just wish he didn't have to be angry at me! We've fought before but not like this. I've - I really don't think I've ever seen him so angry, at me, anyway. We don't do that to each other."He thinks I'm a coward. And I think he's right. I just don't know how to be brave. I don't think I can right now. But he doesn't get that because he won't bloody listen. And then he gets all freaked out because I fainted and he-" She stopped herself. Something in her didn't want to admit to how him touching her arm had seemed to hurt, and how strange he'd looked when he shouted just before she'd fainted, like a shade of someone she didn't know. "He won't listen. And clearly I can't make him listen."Sirius seemed to think on this for a moment. "Talk to him tonight," he told her, "Molly's holding a little party for Ron and Hermione, to congratulate them on becoming prefects.""Harry'll love that.""Perhaps he'll be in a better place to reconcile." Calla raised her eyebrows. "He does worry about you.""I worry about him," she replied stiffly. "And I know he does. He just isn't being particularly considerate of me at the moment."To that, Sirius didn't say anything. The pair of them sat together for a moment before he stood up, shaking his head. "Everyone's coming over at six.""Alright," she said. "I'll see you then."At six o'clock, Calla had donned a nicer pair of robes - though she admitted as she looked in the mirror she needed some longer ones - and helped Hermione and Ginny finish off packing. "Oh, it's all so exciting," Hermione said. "Me, a Prefect!""Did you think you wouldn't be a Prefect?" Ginny asked, frowning. "Because I think pretty much everyone knew it would be you, Hermione. Even my year knew it would be you."Hermione flushed. "Yes, well... It's still such an honour, isn't it? And it's so kind of Mrs. Weasley to have this little party.""Hmm." Ginny and Calla exchanged and a look; the former girl was clearly trying not to laugh.When they got downstairs, Harry's face was already tripping him. A large banner had been hung in red and gold celebrating the achievement, and Ron was practically bounding around the kitchen, telling everyone who'd listen how brilliant his new broomstick was. Tonks seemed the only one truly invested, the twins having lost interest quickly. Harry lingered at the edge of the room, seeming not to know how to speak to anyone, but when he caught Calla's eye she smiled tightly over at him and crossed the room."Are you feeling better?" were the first words to rush from him. They took her aback and equally relieved her."Yes," she told him. "Loads better. I'm fine now.""Good." He folded his arms, watching as the Weasley twins conducted some form of business with Mundungus in the shadowy corner. "I'm, er. Sorry. About yelling at you.""S'alright." Calla smiled, though she didn't feel much like it. "Sorry about... Not going to Hogwarts with you.""Yeah."Calla looked over to Remus, who was in a deep, anxious conversation with Sirius and Kingsley. "Look, you're leaving in the morning. I don't want you to leave with us still in an argument.""Then we're not in an argument.""Except we are, aren't we? You're still angry at me. You're still not talking to me.""I'm talking to you right now.""Harry! I'm trying to say I'm sorry. But I need to be here.""I know that." He shrugged, not looking at her. "But I'll miss you. You're my sister. We're meant to do this together. We're supposed to do everything together. We need each other.""I know. But we don't have to be in the same place. Harry, I'll still... I won't physically be there for you, but I'll be here, but that doesn't mean I'm not... I'm still your sister, Harry.""You just want to be here.""I need to be here," she whispered, shaking her head. "Harry, you don't understand. I don't think I can handle it. I'm not as strong as you are, or as brave, or anything. I'm just me and that's not enough right now and I need it to be enough before I can go back. Before I can put myself in danger like that.""I want to be able to protect you.""You don't have to," she told him. "None of this should be necessary. But it is. You just... You need to protect yourself. And I'll protect myself.""But if something happens, we have to be together.""That didn't save us," Calla replied. "But it's okay. I'll always know if you need me."He almost seemed to laugh. "I'm sorry for hurting you earlier. I don't know what happened... It wasn't... It didn't feel like me. I'm sorry, and I didn't-""it's okay," she told him. "I know you didn't mean it, Harry. I'm just... But I'm fine now. I promise." She put an arm around his shoulder. "I'm only ever a letter away, remember?"XxCalla was woken up early in the morning by Ginny yelling about her lost books, and Hermione trying to wrestle a sock out of Crookshanks' mouth. Matilda, who was curled up at Calla's feet, gave Crookshanks a superior sort of look and turned to Calla as if to say, I would never do that to you.Calla chuckled and scratched her cat lightly behind the ears before she got out of bed, stretching. It certainly felt strange to think that all the other students would be going back to Hogwarts today, except for her. Today, she would be seeing them off at King's Cross and then returning to Grimmauld Place with the order; and tomorrow she'd start her first lessons. It was weird.She didn't have very much to do, but with Moony still away delivering Hermione's letter to her parents she took the very needed opportunity to give the cage a proper clean out. She only finished her cleaning a few minutes before Ginny managed to get herself organised enough to haul her trunk downstairs. Calla offered to help, but Ginny seemed determined to do it herself. "Oh, these badges do look lovely, don't they?" Hermione asked fondly - she had already pinned hers to the front of her jacket.Calla smiled at her. "They certainly make a point."Hermione huffed. "Well, I like them. Come on, we can balance this trunk between the two of us."After a whole lot of chaos which included Ginny getting accidentally pushed down the stairs, a screaming match between Mrs Weasley and Mrs Black's portrait, and Harry sleeping in and having to enlist Calla's help to finally tidy his trunk, they made it out of Grimmauld Place and headed onwards to King's Cross Station.Along with a team of the Order and the Weasleys, Sirius and Remus came to see Harry off with Calla too. When they reached the platform, they were simply swarmed by people, running about and arguing and laughing and reuniting with friends, and Calla felt an odd lurch in her chest. "Are you sure you don't want to go?"She shook her head. "No. Maybe I will next term but for now... There's already so many people around here."Remus frowned. "You only have to say so, and Dumbledore can arrange-""I know what I want, Remus," Calla reminded him quietly, as Harry turned around to face her, having hauled his trunk onboard. "This is it.""Hey," Harry said softly as he approached. Remus nodded and turned to speak to Sirius, giving the twins some space."Hey," Calla said in reply, trying to smile. "You ready to go?""Yeah." He didn't meet her eyes. "I - I'm going to miss you.""I'll miss you too," she said, with a pang in her chest. This was a lot harder than she'd anticipated. A lump rose in her throat. "But I'm sure between us we can write a million letters." Harry chuckled, but it was decidedly half-hearted. "And if you tell me when your first Hogsmeade trip is, I can come and visit you. And it's only four months till Christmas."Four months. Suddenly, it felt like a million years. She swallowed tightly. "Yeah," Harry said, sticking his hands in his pockets. "Suppose." He shook his head. "Just wish you were with me.""You'll be alright.""Yeah."It was a rare thing that they didn't at least have something to say to each other. Calla felt a lump rise in her throat and her eyes smart. "I'm sorry, Harry," she said suddenly, quickly. "I don't... I just can't go back.""I know," he said, but he didn't look happy about it at all.The whistle on the train blew. Five minutes to eleven. Calla swallowed, heart racing. "Look I - I'll see you soon. We'll write all the time, and it'll just - the term'll fly by, won't it?" He nodded, and Calla suddenly flung her arms around him, hugging him tightly. "I'm going to miss you," she mumbled. "I love you."He hugged her back, arms wrapped around her shoulders. "Love you too, Cal. Be - be careful.""You too," she mumbled, and pulled away before she could start to cry and decide that this had all been a horrible, horrible mistake. "Enjoy the year.""Are you ready, Harry?" Remus asked, and he nodded without looking at Calla. Unexpected tears welled in her eyes. "Alright. We'll see you for Christmas. Look after yourself and..." He clapped him on the shoulder. "Do well, alright? Try to enjoy yourself.""I will," he said without very much feeling. "See you."Then he turned, stepped onto the train, and within seconds had vanished out of sight. Calla bit down on her lip and smiled worriedly at Remus. "Can we go now?"XxTwelve Grimmauld Place felt eerily quiet that night. Calla could hear every creak and every tiny movement, every howl of the wind against glass windowpanes. Cars rushed up the Muggle street outside and their engines were too loud in the deathly silence of her room. She'd never slept in a room on her own before, she'd always had someone else's presence to comfort her, and without that it felt like she'd lost a piece of armour.Her dreams were even worse than usual.He was there - Voldemort - but in a different form than usual. This one was maybe around thirty years old, and wore a thin smile like a blade across pale lips. He poured deep, blood-red wine from a golden goblet, but his eyes were fixed somewhere behind where Calla stood. "This is a curious meeting," he said. "I never expected to see you here again."Calla turned, seeing an old, rather frail sort of woman shuffling forwards, her white hair a wispy coil around her face. Her shoulders were hunched and her entire form appeared almost ghost-like. Something dark, like blood, trailed from the corners of her mouth, and there was something strangely familiar about her face, something Calla couldn't place. "And I never expected to see you like this," the woman said, voice impressively strong for someone who looked so weak. "What have you been doing to yourself, Tom? You used to be so handsome."His smile was almost charismatic, but Calla could sense the monster underneath, glinting from the shadow of ruby eyes. "Indeed I did. But some material sacrifices are worth the price for immortality."The woman shook her head. "That cup is more valuable than you appreciate, you know. It has protective enchantments going back centuries. I didn't even know about those."A new smile curled his lips. "A shame. It protects me now. Won't you have a drink?"The woman shook her head. "I'll accept nothing from you, Tom. You defile my family's history.""Pity. You know, they used to call this the cup of plenty. It provides for its bearer all the food in the world. It heals, too, supposedly. It's a tricky little thing. I find I rather like it.""I suspect it would do me little good."Tom Riddle smiled and raised the cup as though in a toast. "Indeed. I, however..."He raised it to his mouth and then the wine spilled over his lips, as red as if it were blood. It kept flowing. He choked on it. "You cannot hide forever, Tom," said a different voice. "Death gives as he takes. Be grateful for what remnants you have of your soul."The woman disappeared in a wisp of smoke and Tom Riddle was left kneeling on the ground, the cup gone. The ground ran red. He looked up, eyes bright, and his face changed, paled, as he morphed into the version of Voldemort that Calla knew. "Don't you understand?" he said in a chilling, mocking voice. In an instant, he had his hand around her throat. Not real, she reminded herself, but she couldn't breathe, even as she scrabbled at his wrist. "Even here you have no power," he whispered, "you'll have to give in eventually, Calla Potter. Only I can control death. Only I can see beyond that lonely veil. Only I can avoid the fate it sings of."He released her. She was falling, falling like Alice down the rabbit hole, scrambling to find something to hold onto, but everything slipped through her grasp. Calla woke in the dark silence, panting. Invisible hands lingered around her throat. She flicked on the dim yellow light and Matilda woke too, eyes like lamps. From the floor, she leapt up onto Calla's bed and into her lap, purring softly and rubbing her head against Calla's side, as though she could sense her worry. She ran her fingers through her soft fur, the warm weight settling her a little as she leaned back against her pillows.It had started raining outside. Every drip set her nerves on edge, and she was just waiting for... Something. Something strange, something scary, something bursting in through the windows. She knew, logically, that Voldemort was hundreds of miles away. But right now he felt close enough to touch. When she closed her eyes, his image burned behind her eyelids, and it took a long while for her to drop off to sleep.Author's Note: Hey all! Sorry the update is a little late, I've just been swamped with coursework for uni. Just wanted to say that, since Calla is now not at Hogwarts, I do still plan to include a few POVs from characters still there just to give some insight on the situation there, and so if you have any specific characters you would like to see from the perspective of, let me know in the comments, as well as any of your predictions for the coming year, I love to hear what you all think! Have a lovely day and hopefully the next update will be a little quicker since I believe I have it mostly edited now.
