Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - LibraryCharacters - Hermione Granger & Theodore NottLibraryThey meet in the Hogwarts library in third year.Of course they've been in the same classes before. They know each other's names, and Hermione is aware he's the best at DADA in their year (just edging out Harry), likes the library more than most Ravenclaws and has a completely black thumb when it comes to Herbology (Pofessor Sprout despairs of him). But they've never interacted before this.Nott, Hermione notices, rarely speaks at all. He spends most of his time with his nose in a book (she can certainly relate), and rolling his eyes at Malfoy's dramatics and Parkinson's hysterics. His usual library seat is two tables across from hers and she often hears whispering from other students that his father was a Death Eater who escaped prison by claiming he was under the Imperius Curse."I heard Thoros Nott murdered his wife," one girl tells another, "right in front of his son.""My cousin told me," Hermione overhears weeks later, "that Nott's dad was one of the worst of You-Know-Who's followers, that he was nearly as cruel as Bellatrix Lestrange. I don't know how anyone could stand to be friends with him – I know it was his dad who did all that stuff but Nott grew up with him and for all we know he could be just as bad."Hermione scoffs at the rumours. Nurture plays a part in someone's personality, but to suggest that Nott is a psychopath when he's never shown any tendency towards it that she can see (he's got a brilliant knowledge of spells, both dark and light, but so do countless others) is just cruel gossip.Hermione doesn't know Nott. Maybe he does plot in the Slytherin dungeons and use dark magic and dream of resurrecting You-Know-Who … but she doesn't think so. Nott is quiet but she gets the feeling he just prefers the shadows, and that he feels more comfortable blending into the crowd than seeking the spotlight.When they meet properly for the first time Hermione is hurrying after Nott with a few sheets of parchment he's accidentally left at his table."Nott," she whispers as loudly as she dares with sharp-eared Madam Pince in the vicinity, "Nott, wait – you forgot these."He turns around, no expression on his face but a hint of surprise in his eyes. She senses he's not used to be spoken too, and especially by a Gryffindor who isn't suspicious of him because of his family.She hands the parchment over with a shy smile and they stand in awkward silence for a few seconds.Just as she turns to go, though, Nott gives her a small but genuine smile, "thanks, Granger."Just two words, but Hermione senses that Nott doesn't say them often and she feels oddly privileged.She has a funny little grin on her face for the rest of the day and not even Harry and Ron's theories on the reason behind her good mood (which get more outlandish every minute) can spoil her happiness.The next day Hermione unpacks her homework at her table in the library. But when Nott enters about ten minutes later he takes a seat beside her rather than at his usual table.She doesn't say a word in protest."Is this ok?" he asks, sounding rather unsure.It's strange. Quiet though Nott is, he has always carried himself with confidence, and though she can't claim to have great knowledge of his character she has never seen him so nervous."Of course it is," she tells him, "it will be nice to study with someone who takes their work seriously. Harry and Ron are great but they aren't too fond of the library."Nott pulls out the DADA homework from Professor Lupin, Hermione pushes over the book she's found to help with the essay so Nott can see it too, and they begin a quiet conversation about whether they would rather face a vampire or a werewolf.Hermione can't see the future and personally believes that Divination is a load of rubbish. However, she doesn't think Nott is anything like his father. She thinks that he is a bit lonely and very much against what Thoros Nott believes and how he acts.Hermione doesn't know what will happen in the next few years, but she thinks that the boy sitting next to her will be a good friend.Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - vanityCharacters - Hermione Granger / Lucius Malfoy – for SereniteRoseVanity"You are so vain," Hermione rolls her eyes as she watches Lucius admire his appearance in the mirror, "sometimes I'm surprised that you haven't fallen in love with your own reflection."His eyes narrow, "I am not Narcissus, Hermione, and this is no Greek myth.""Could have fooled me," she murmurs, darting backwards with a grin when he reaches out to grab her waist, "it's alright, Lucius, I know I'll always be second in your heart."This time he manages to catch her before she can move out of the way, wrapping an arm around her and tugging her close so he can press his lips against hers, "you are a maddening little witch.""So I've been told," she says, "mostly by you … but really, would you like me if I just agreed with everything you said like a good little housewife?""Life would certainly be more peaceful.""More boring, you mean," she retorts, "shall I try it?"She steps out of his embrace and sits down on one of the chairs, adopting a very proper pose with hands folded and a look of polite interest. The sort of look often adopted by society girls at the many dull balls Lucius insists on dragging her to."How are you today, darling?" she asks in a saccharine tone of voice that she would usually never be caught dead using, "if there is anything I can do to make you happier, do let me know - nothing is more important to me than assisting you with any little thing you wish me to."Lucius steps closer, a lascivious look in his eyes, "anything, Hermione?"She breaks character immediately, sending an angry red spark of magic at him as he laughs."Peace, my lioness," he soothes, "it was merely a joke.""You are so full of yourself, Lucius," Hermione scowls, though there is amusement in her expression, "like I said – vain.""I am not vain," he insists, "we have been over this.""I once again bring attention to your inability to pass by a mirror without primping.""I do not primp, Hermione.""You definitely do. And you're obsessed with your hair.""My hair is magnificent, darling, it deserves the best care."Hermione winds a few strands of Lucius' long, white blond hair around her fingers. She won't admit it to him but she's a little jealous of his silky, beautiful hair when her own resembles a bird's nest unless she spends two hours and ten different products and potions wrestling it into submission.She removes her hand from Lucius' hair and tries to get back on topic. Her husband's vanity has gotten to a ridiculous point and they have to deal with it."Mirrors, hair," she repeats, "then there's the bills you run up on your robes.""We have the money," he reminds her, "my robes don't even make a dent in the Malfoy vaults."She rolls her eyes, "no man needs twenty sets of summer robes specifically for Wizengamot meetings … per year.""I have to look my best, Hermione – I respect your decision to sometimes wear the same pair of robes twice in one week to work, but I have a reputation in the fashionable world to uphold.""The Wizengamot," she reminds him with clenched teeth, "only meets five times in the summer period, so why do you need four different sets for each meeting?""Well I require spares," he says with a confused look, seemingly baffled at her words, "what if one set gets dirty on my way to the Ministry, or if, Merlin forbid, someone else is wearing the same robes?"Hermione can feel a headache coming on."Let's just move on to the next thing," she tells him, "which is whether we really need at least one portrait of you in every room of the manor.""Of course we do.""Even the bathrooms?""Yes," he answers immediately."This manor has a hundred rooms, Lucius.""I am failing to follow your point … Hermione, why on earth are you slamming your head against the wall?""I give up, Lucius. I'm not even going to try and talk to you about the symbolism of all the bloody peacocks you insist on keeping in the gardens.""Darling, I know you love them all as much as I do."She scowls. Damn him for being right – for some reason she really does love the peacocks."Come now, Hermione, don't pout."He wraps his arms around her and she leans back into his embrace."You aren't really unhappy with my little vanities, are you darling?""They are beyond irritating," she tells him, "but Merlin knows I'm aware of the fact that you're never going to change.""And you love me anyway?" he prompts."Yes, Lucius, frustrating wizard that you are, I do love you."Lucius spins her around to kiss her and when they break apart he gives her a conspiratorial smile, "shall we go down to breakfast – there's still time to scandalise Draco before I have to leave for my meeting."She smiles back, content and happy, "that sounds wonderful Lucius."Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - bloodCharacters - Hermione Granger / Tom Riddle – set in the late 1940sBloodThe first thing Hermione notices when she enters the apartment is blood.It is all over the floor of the normally relatively tidy (books all over the place aside) sitting room, as well as splattered on various objects and the walls.It seems to have missed her rare texts, thank Merlin. Not that such a thing is much comfort.Hermione can't help but gasp, though, when she spots the pale body on the floor.She steps forward almost without meaning to, her curiosity outweighing her horror.She recognises the corpse. Epiphron Fawley, a wizard about twenty years older than she is. Fawley is well-known for his desire to entirely outlaw not only all dark magic but even the grey kind that encompasses a considerable amount of the higher magic and family magic. He's a bit of a fanatic about it and Hermione has never been fond of him – his views go way too far for her taste and she respects the preservation of magical knowledge too much to see such a large part of it removed from their society.But she's never wished him dead, especially not in this clearly violent way (she can see the marks of Sectumsempra and knows his end must have been painful and likely lingering).Of course she knows who is responsible.She knows even before Tom steps back into the room, blood on his shirt and his hands.A vicious, triumphant smirk on his face.He is terribly beautiful at this moment, just as she imagines the old gods would have looked moments after bringing destruction to their enemies."Tom," she whispers, "what have you done?"He laughs, high and cold, "you are no fool, Hermione, you know exactly what I have done – the evidence is right in front of you.""I thought … I thought you were past this," she says softly.He scoffs at her, "darling, you know full well what I am, you just like your little delusions.""No," she denies, "I cannot abide by this – Fawley was a problem but he didn't deserve to die."Tom moves forward until he stands right in front of her, and then he lifts his hand to run a finger down her cheek.She can feel dampness and knows that he is leaving a trail of blood across her face.The thought does not disturb her quite as much as it should … and that worries her."You know that change on the scale that this country needs will require sacrifices, don't you Hermione?"She shakes her head, but he shushes her and now both hands grip her arms.She doesn't look down. She doesn't want to see the bloody handprints on her skin, the reminder of who Tom really is.Hermione had thought she could change him, that she could channel his desire for power into less murderous routes.She has been an idiot, obviously, and a blind one at that."We are better than all of them," he tells her in that smooth, coaxing tone that has always made it so easy for him to charm, "and you know it.""That doesn't mean they deserve to be tortured or murdered or locked away," she insists fiercely."You can't have a revolution without such things," he tells her, fingers dancing up and down her bare arms and smudging her skin with more blood, "and I know you understand the need for reformation – you complain enough about the Ministry."He's twisting her words to suit his point, which is typical of him. He knows that she has always meant that they should reform the Ministry from within, using legal methods rather than terror."Most of them are sheep," he continues, "content in their mediocrity. They will not be stirred to think for themselves when they can be spoon-fed by their politicians."She doesn't want to think badly of people, but she knows he is right and remembers how so many of their classmates had been content with exam results that were a mix of As and Es, while she and Tom had received Os in every subject."This isn't right," she tells him, hating herself for the weak resolve in her voice."Will you leave then?" he asks coldly.He sounds uncaring, however she knows him well enough to hear the small hint of panic in his voice. He is arrogant enough to be almost positive that she will not go, but if she does she knows that whatever he might say it will hurt (and anger) him.This is her chance to get out. She has been warned time and time again by Dumbledore, but she's got her own streak of arrogance and she has always been so sure that she can handle Tom, and that she can help him control the darkest impulses he has.She is starting to wonder if it is a hopeless cause. Tom doesn't want to change and Hermione might be his match but she is not strong enough to force him into anything.Tom is not one to be contained, not even by her, the one person he sometimes listens to.She has to make her choice.This wizard with blood dripping from his fingers, with a wicked intelligence and magnificent power and a goal that could ruin the world if not carefully managed.Or a life without him.She knows what would be the right choice.And yet …Perhaps it is too late for her, maybe Tom has wormed his way under her skin.She isn't a snow-white innocent, even if her hands aren't stained with the blood that Tom's are.Leave or stay. Right or wrong.Heaven or Hell (she's not sure which one is which anymore).Tom leans forward to press his lips against hers.It is a burning kiss, fierce and possessive.She doesn't leave.And the bloody body behind them continues to stain their floor.Hope you enjoyed. Thanks for reading.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - questionHermione Granger / Neville Longbottom – for sakikuiQuestionViktor Krum is hiding behind the bookshelves again.Hermione sighs. It isn't that she has a problem with Krum himself, even if he's a little prone to lurking, but his fan club is noisy and annoying.Harry seems slightly concerned by Krum's tendency to pop up in whatever section of the library she chooses to study in, but Hermione thinks he's harmless – he looks shy more than menacing and, anyway, she sticks to the open areas of the library just in case.Today his fan club have yet to catch up with him, so she is able to study in relative peace. She notices every now and then that Krum seems to be making aborted steps forward, as if he wants to sit down at her table but is unsure about his welcome.She considers asking him if he wants to take a seat but then Neville drops down into the chair next to her and she turns her attention to him."Hi, Hermione," says Neville, "I'm not bothering you, am I?"She shakes her head, "don't be silly Neville, of course you aren't."She knows there are a lot of her classmates who think Neville is a pest to her. They all know how often she helps him and they assume, given her annoyance with Harry and Ron sometimes when she assists them, that aiding Neville is a burden.But they are wrong. Harry and Ron frustrate her at times because they (more Ron, but Harry can be guilty of it too) occasionally seem to want her to practically write the answers for them. Neville is different – he requires a lot of help but he always listens carefully and works really hard to learn what she's trying to teach him. Ron can be lazy and Harry careless, but Neville only needs more attention and support than he can get in a class of thirty.Neville is never going to lead the class in subjects like Transfiguration and Potions, but he's by far the best in their year at Herbology, close to Hermione's grades in Charms and (with a teacher who encourages, like Professor Lupin) his DADA marks are more impressive than most of the school would believe. He does not need his Remembrall much either, not since Hermione found some muggle memory exercises for him to do (the wizarding world seems to be notoriously bad about such things).He is kind too. Neville was her first friend a Hogwarts and even though she has Harry and Ron now, not to mention Ginny, Fred and George, she doesn't forget that Neville was there from the beginning, when the rest of Hermione's new Housemates were either hostile towards her or acted as if she wasn't even there (because she was too much of a stickler for the rules, too much of a bookworm, and not interested enough in Quidditch or makeovers or gossip).Hermione and Neville work through the Potions homework without too many problems. It is a difficult topic but Neville ploughs away with the quiet industry he always shows (there is a reason the Hat nearly put him in Hufflepuff), and he is much more relaxed in the library than he ever is in the Potions classroom with Professor Snape breathing down his neck.Thankfully, this particular piece of work is one of the Potions topics where a good knowledge of magical plants is useful – Neville's abysmal scores in certain areas of Potions are generally balanced out by better marks when he can use his Herbology expertise.They have mostly finished by the time the peace of the library is disturbed by the arrival of Krum's fan club. Knowing they won't get anything productive done for a while the two of them begin to pack up and Hermione suggests they finish back at the Common Room, which won't be too crowded since the majority of their House is probably outside in the snow.Neville, who has oddly been rather on edge for the last half hour, now begins to look very nervous."Is there something wrong?" she asks."I … I was just thinking about the Yule Ball."Hermione pulls a face, "Merlin knows what I'm going to do about that – Lavender and Parvati keep threatening to give me a makeover so I'll probably have to hide for most of the day.""Have you got a date yet?" he asks.She shakes her head and laughs, "I've got no expectation of that and I'm not about to start acting like those girls hanging off Krum and Diggory and angling for a date.""Would you," Neville stutters out, before taking a breath and then starting again, "would you like to go with me?"Hermione's eyes widen."Just as friends," he says hurriedly, blushing profusely, "I know you wouldn't want to really go out with me.""I …" Hermione starts, but she finds herself quite unable to speak.Neville's face falls but he puts on a brave smile, "it's ok, Hermione, it was a stupid idea anyway."He turns away but she grabs his arm, his misunderstanding of her silence pushing her to action."Wait, Neville, please. You just surprised me, that's all."His blush deepens, "you mean …"She nods, "I'd love to go to the Yule Ball with you, Neville."He smiles and she realises just how much she loves that smile, and how fond she is of dependable, diligent Neville, who makes her laugh with his long-winded jokes and never calls her a know-it-all, who tells her all about growing up in the wizarding world and always thanks her when she helps him.Often it seems like fate and destiny and necessity is what brought Hermione to Harry and Ron. But Neville has always been her choice, just as she has always been his."But Neville," she adds, "I don't want to go just as friends – will you be my proper date?"His grin is answer enough and they leave the library hand in hand.Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - pampering - for pianomouseCharacters - Hermione Granger & Lavender Brown PamperingHermione has never been to a spa. Lavender is horrified when she hears this."Not even a muggle one?" she asks.Hermione shrugs, "when my mum and I had days out we usually went to a museum or to lunch.""We are going," Lavender insists, "and we are going soon."Hermione doesn't bother to argue. Lavender is a force of nature when she wants to be and Hermione has learnt to pick her battles. One day at a spa isn't going to kill her.Of course a few years ago, especially during sixth year, there would have been many, many things that Hermione would have rather done than spend an entire day just with Lavender. But the war has put a lot of things in perspective – Lavender, while still devoted to fashion and fond of gossip, shows a more serious side, while Hermione has decided that the occasional makeover and girls night out can actually be fun.Hermione, knowing as little about magical spas as she does muggle ones, lets Lavender make all the arrangements, books a day off work and resigns herself to her friend's insistence that she not bring any books."I know you, Hermione, and you'll get so lost in whatever you're reading that you'll waste the whole day away without experiencing any of the spa amenities."She's right, though Hermione won't admit it out loud.The books stay at home.England's premier magical spa (patronised, Lavender tells her, by such leading society witches as Narcissa Malfoy, Alethia Greengrass and Eleanora Zabini) is a lot like Hermione imagines the best muggle ones are, only with everything more convenient and effective (and, obviously, more magical).It's a bit intimidating, really, and not the kind of world Hermione is at all comfortable in. To her relief, Lavender takes charge and soon enough they've been booked in and directed to the changing rooms (thankfully with individual rooms for privacy).Hermione has a one-piece suit in dark red. She's never been particularly comfortable with skimpy outfits and the suit also has the advantage of covering her most obvious scar (Dolohov's work from the fifth year battle at the Ministry) – she doesn't mind her scars but she sometimes gets sick of being asked about them.Lavender has gone for a pink and white patterned bikini, and she shows no discomfort at the scars that criss-cross along her stomach and back. For a while, in the immediate aftermath of the battle at Hogwarts, Lavender had been extremely self-conscious about the remnants of Greyback's attack, but Hermione had pointed her in the direction of a muggle therapist (wizarding Britain is terrible with mental health, and Lavender's scars can be easily explained to muggles as an animal attack), and whatever they had talked about had clearly worked, because Lavender wears her scars proudly now and with no small amount of scorn for anyone who tries to tell her that they make her ugly or should be hidden away."Let's look around and see what we want to try first," Lavender suggests, "Parvati swears by the yoga for de-stressing and says all the dance classes are great."Hermione nods in agreement, though she privately thinks that she's always found yoga to be extremely dull, "what time are our massages?"Lavender casts a quick Tempus, "in four hours, just after lunch – we should probably leave the pool until the afternoon so that we get the chance to soak our aching muscles after the massages."Hermione grimaces at the thought of aching muscles, but Lavender has promised that it's a good ache and that she'll feel much better for it in a few days.Hermione is sceptical and she's definitely going to reserve judgement.They go to a yoga class first, which isn't quite as boring as Hermione has been expecting, and then to a salsa session where she only embarrasses herself a little (it has been years since she's done any kind of dance class).They spend a fairly entertaining half an hour in the section of the spa shop where you can test out different products. Hermione finds that it's quite nice to pamper herself and try all the different moisturisers and face creams (she even buys a few and vows to actually use them rather than let them gather dust in her bathroom cabinet).Lavender drags her to a lecture on the proper application of makeup (using both products and spells) and while most of the information goes straight out of Hermione's head, she does remember a few tips that will help hide the bags under her eyes when she's been up all night reading (this will have the added bonus of getting Harry and Kingsley – who both regularly tell her she works too hard - off her back).Lunch is exquisite, the sort of meal Hermione imagines would be served somewhere like Malfoy Manor, and then it's time for the massage.It hurts.The masseuse tells Hermione she has a lot of tension in her body (no surprise there) and that she probably shouldn't work such long hours (no chance of that anytime soon) but she does think the experience has done her good and tells a delighted Lavender that she may make it a semi-regular thing.They spend the rest of the afternoon in the various pool rooms and jaccuzis, and by the end of the day Hermione does honestly feel relaxed."I told you so," Lavender crows triumphantly.Hermione tilts her head in acknowledgement and agreement, "I suppose there's something to be enjoyed in pampering oneself at a spa every now and then."Lavender beams, "does this mean you're open to coming clubbing with Parvati, Ginny and I now?" she asks, "since I clearly have such good ideas."Hermione snorts with laughter, "don't push it, Lavender, one step at a time.""I'll wear you down," Lavender promises.Inevitably, Hermione thinks, she probably will.And she finds she doesn't much mind.Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - despairCharacters - Hermione Granger & Harry PotterDespair"Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven."Harry's eyes widen, "Hermione, what in Merlin's name are you saying?""It's a quote from Paradise Lost," she tells him, "I read it years ago.""I think I might have heard of that," he says after a few moments, "the library was one of the places Dudley never set foot in, so it was one of my favourite spots to hide out during the summer.""The author's name was John Milton," Hermione elaborates," and it was about how Satan tempted Adam and Eve, and their eventual expulsion from Eden.""Sounds … cheerful."Hermione gives him a bitter little smile, "our surroundings and circumstances do not really inspire me in happy ways."Harry shrugs his agreement. It's raining outside their tent, and the sky is a dull grey with no hint of blue. Not the most auspicious beginning to his twenty first birthday."What do you mean by it?" Harry asks, because Hermione isn't really the sort of person to quote anything to him without a reason."I just wonder whether there's truth in it, whether there comes a point when being a bad person with freedom and autonomy might not be better, in the long run, than trying to be a good person in a world gone mad."Harry sighs, "you're thinking of that day, aren't you.""Yes," she admits, "our situation doesn't exactly fit with Milton's words, but it works in a way – as we are now we serve the light, and where has it got us?"She gestures around them and Harry knows what she means.A war that has dragged on for years, a list of dead friends that is always getting longer, a hardening of their hearts, and the worry that their fight against Voldemort is futile.He misses the days when they had real hope, the days before despair took over their lives."Do you ever wonder what would have happened if we had said yes that day?" asked Hermione.That day two years ago, the last time that the war had been going in their favour. The day that Voldemort had offered them both places at his side and an end to the fighting."Power is everything, and you two have it in excess. We could be truly great together."His words haunt them both, even now."It would never have worked," Harry insists, "you know that, Hermione.""I suppose he would have turned us into people we wouldn't recognise, into people Ron and Neville and Ginny and Luna would have hated.""Yes," Harry says, "it would have just been a trick, another way to destroy us.""And yet," Hermione whispers, almost to herself, "perhaps we could have made it work. At least we might have been able to exert some influence, or to get close enough to kill his worst, most depraved lieutenants like Bellatrix and Greyback. We could have saved so many people from death and torture at their hands.""We couldn't have trusted Vol –" he pauses, remembering the taboo that has led to the death of a number of their friends, "we could not have trusted You-Know-Who to keep his promises," Harry insists, "and we have done what we can for the people here.""It's not enough, though, is it?" she asks, and the same sorrow is mirrored on both of their faces, "I don't think we'll ever be able to do enough.""We'll keep fighting," Harry says fiercely, grabbing onto his best friend's hands and squeezing them tightly, "just like we have always done."Hermione sighs, "Long is the way and hard, that out of Hell leads up to light.""Another quote from Paradise Lost?" Harry guesses.She nods, "it truly is a long way, and I'm never sure if there will ever be some light at the end of the tunnel.""Of course there will, Hermione."Hermione gives him a dim smile, "you're so optimistic and good, Harry, and I'm just … I'm just very tired.""We can afford to rest today," he tells her.They can't. Not really. Even Hermione's protections have their weaknesses, and they've had a lot of close calls recently.But occasionally they just have to sit and find some beauty in the world around them, and remember what it is they are fighting for.Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - strategyCharacters - Hermione Granger & Oliver WoodStrategyThe Gryffindors in the Common Room are giving Oliver Wood a wide berth.He's sitting at a table muttering to himself as he makes notes and orders around the hovering figures on a model Quidditch pitch decked out in miniature Gryffindor flags.Hermione has noticed that Wood is talented with Charms and thinks he did the spells on the model pitch himself – she's tempted to ask about the magic he used but thinks the conversation would inevitably turn to Quidditch, and she hears quite enough about that from Harry and Ron.Still, she can't help but be curious and wanders over to get a better look – most of their House are put off by Wood's intensity, but Hermione certainly understands being driven about things you love.She watches Wood for a few minutes (he doesn't notice, oblivious to anything but his current occupation) and her mind moves away from consideration of the spells involved and on to thoughts of the use of Arithmancy in strategy.Specifically in Quidditch strategy.Hermione has only been studying Arithmancy for a month now but she already knows it will be a favourite class. Professor Vector is an amazing teacher and every topic is absolutely fascinating to Hermione."If you move Katie further forward and Angelina more to the left then, even with the increased pressure on the Keeper, you are 37% more likely to win the game."She claps a hand over her mouth as soon as she realises she's spoken her thoughts out loud. Wood's gaze switches from his model to her, back and forth with wide eyes.Hermione can't tell if he's angry or just shocked that anyone would interrupt him when he's in a Quidditch vortex.She starts to back away slowly, acutely aware that she is being stared at by at least three quarters of the Common Room's occupants, but Wood's hand darts out to grab her wrist."Granger," he whispers, "you are a bloody genius."She has no chance to reprimand him for his language (not that she'd normally bother anyway, since he'd likely just give her a friendly pat on the head and totally ignore her words) before he pulls her back over to the table and starts to fire off questions.How did she come up with such an idea? Does she have any more suggestions? Why in Merlin's name has no one told him that she's a Quidditch strategy genius?"It's just basic Arithmancy," she tells him, "I'm surprised no one in Gryffindor has tried it before – I think both the Ravenclaw and Slytherin teams use it sometimes. Professor Vector set us some work doing calculations and told us to choose a topic we weren't familiar with so that we had to rely more on our findings rather than preconceived beliefs – I chose Quidditch.""Can you do more of this?" he demands.Wood's bulky build and the fact that he's nearly shouting in his excitement should make her wary, but the Gryffindor Quidditch captain has never been scary to her, only incredibly ridiculous in his obsession with Quidditch."I can try," she says with a shrug, "but it's really simple stuff that we do this year – you'd probably be better with one of the NEWT students."Wood shakes his head, "Arithmancy is never a large class and there's no Gryffindors studying it in my year apart from Percy Weasley, and he's never going to help, not in his NEWT year. I don't think there are any sixth years taking the class either.""Just one fifth year," Fred pipes up, "and he hates the subject – he's only in the class because his dad practically forced him into it.""I'm the only Gryffindor studying Arithmancy in fourth year," Katie Bell adds with an apologetic shrug, "and you're a lot better at it than I am – I like Runes much more.""I'll help when I can," Hermione agrees after a few moments of thought, "but I've got a lot of work so don't get your hopes up too much.""Are you free on Saturday morning?" Wood asks."I could spare an hour," she says, thinking of all the homework she's got – she has such a full class-load that even with her excellent time management and the time-turner it isn't easy to keep as ahead as she likes."Oh I meant the whole morning," Wood tells her cheerfully, "we've got to teach you to fly – Potter says you're nervous on a broom and I think you'd have more context for your calculations if you got comfortable flying."She doesn't bother reminding him that the point of doing a Quidditch-based project for Arithmancy is that she isn't supposed to have context, because she knows nothing will derail Wood now.She sighs. She should have just kept her thoughts to herself."I am not getting on a broom," Hermione insists, "I'm perfectly happy doing some calculations for you but I'd rather not break my neck.""Please, Granger," Wood pleads, "don't you want to help us win the Cup that we've been so unfairly robbed of these past few years?"Her honest answer is that she's not particularly bothered either way, but she knows better than to say that out loud to Wood."I'll give you an hour and a half," she offers."Five.""Two.""Four.""Fine, three hours," she throws her hands up in exasperation, "and that's it.""You won't regret it, Granger."Hermione rather thinks she will. Even a Quidditch and flying fanatic like Wood is likely to have difficulty persuading her to like it – after all, many of her friends have tried and failed.It is sort of nice, though, being included. Even if she doesn't manage flying well, at least her Arithmancy work for the team will give her some connection to Quidditch aside from Harry's place on the team.There's still all her work to get done, but she guesses a few extra spins of her time-turner won't hurt.Friends are important too after all.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompts – mentor, whisky and burns (not sure if you meant burns or Burns Night but I went with the former)Characters - Hermione Granger & Minerva McGonagall – for lorddragon65, I am so sorry it took this long.Sorry for the extremely long gap between this and the last posting. My inspiration comes and goes but at least these drabbles are one shots and can be read independently of each other.MentorHermione spends a lot of time with Professor McGonagall, now the new Headmistress of Hogwarts, when she returns to school after the war.The castle is a mess, bearing the scars of the Final Battle, but come September it opens its doors to begin classes, though parts of the building are still being repaired. The group who come back for the seventh year they missed or only partly completed are drafted to help out with the rebuilding, bringing them into closer contact with their Headmistress than most.Of course, Hermione is familiar with Minerva McGonagall already – she was her Transfiguration teacher and Head of House after all – but it's different now, as the eighth years have more freedom and responsibilities than other students, which means a more equal relationship with their professors. Besides, fighting for your life beside someone tends to help build strong bonds.In the first private conversation she, Harry and Ron have with the Headmistress, two months after the war's end, Professor McGonagall apologises for her neglect in relation to assisting them over the years."I know I didn't always treat your worries with the urgency they warranted, and I let Albus talk me out of investigating certain incidents further. It's no excuse, of course, but I want you all to know how proud I am, and how sorry that you didn't get the support you deserved when we should have been protecting and helping you."The Headmistress looks tired and guilty, the stress of the war still weighing on her shoulders even now Voldemort is dead. She had, after all, spent nearly an entire school year trying to keep the Carrows from hurting students and was now no doubt terribly conflicted in her feelings about both Headmaster Dumbledore and Professor Snape in light of the information Harry, Hermione and Ron had unearthed during their Horcrux hunt and the Final Battle.And their world needs rebuilding too. Laws have to be repealed and the wrongly imprisoned released. There need to be trials, and Auror searches for any Death Eaters or collaborators who have fled in the wake of the Battle of Hogwarts. She might have taken on the demanding role of Headmistress, but Professor McGonagall is also a high-ranking member of the Order of the Phoenix and is called regularly to give evidence at trials or advice to Kingsley as he tries to remove the corruption rife in the Ministry.Hermione's final year at Hogwarts passes quickly. It's odd without Harry and Ron there, just as it is strange to have a quiet year with no one trying to kill or maim her.Soon enough Hermione is graduating, ready to assist Kingsley in his ongoing battle to get the Ministry of Magic running as normal by joining a team who will be combing through the law books in an attempt to get any discriminatory legislation repealed.The Headmistress is Minerva now, to Hermione, still a mentor but also a friend who is always ready to listen and offer Hermione advice.Over time they create a yearly tradition to mark their lost friends.Hermione visits the castle one weekend around the anniversary of the Final Battle and the two of them spend a night drinking firewhisky, sharing stories and toasting fallen comrades."To Lily and James," Minerva says, "and how much I wish they could have been there to see Harry grow up.""To Remus and Tonks," Hermione follows, "who gave their son a safer future and a dual legacy of mischief and clumsiness that reminds us all of them.""To Albus," Minerva sighs, "who had good intentions, even if he made a lot of a mistakes.""To Fred," Hermione says softly, "who gave us all laughter even in the darkest times."They go on.Severus, whose bad temper, pettiness and terrible choices did not completely overshadow the sacrifices he made, and who Minerva always says had a surprisingly entertaining (if cutting) wit.Sirius, damaged by Azkaban, but always trying to protect his godson to the very end.Colin Creevey, whose many photographs of Hogwarts and its students are reminders of a bright and brave boy gone too soon.Cedric Diggory, whose life was short but who epitomised his House and showed kindness, intelligence and an admirable sense of fair play.Dobby, brave and loyal, who died free.Moody, whose teachings of 'constant vigilance' continue to help keep the wizarding world safe.And so many others. Order members who protected wizards and muggles alike, fought against the darkness and left empty places that are never forgotten."I think I've possibly had a firewhisky too many," Hermione admits as the room sways slightly in front of her, "Harry and Ron always laugh at me for having such a low tolerance.""We may have had more than we should," Minerva admits, "but what harm is there in a little indulgence every now and then?""Just one more, maybe," Hermione pours a small amount of the liquid into a glass and tosses it back, wincing slightly at the burn."I do hope you're not going to try Apparating," Minerva says.Hermione shakes her head, "I don't suppose I can stay over in one of the guest suites?""Of course," Minerva agrees.The Headmistress' acquiescence isn't really a surprise. This happens every year, the one time of the year Hermione really indulges in a proper drink. They have a bit too much firewhisky toasting the dead and Minerva allows Hermione to stay over in the castle. Hermione asks each year, out of politeness, but she always knows Minerva will agree."Goodnight then," Hermione says, "maybe next year we should try something that isn't quite as strong as firewhisky.""Perhaps," Minerva smiles.Hermione grins in return. After all, she said the same thing last year, and the year before that, and the year before that. Inevitably, come next year, they will bring out the firewhisky as always, no matter how much it burns.It's tradition, after all.Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - OppositesCharacters - Hermione Granger / Fred WeasleyOppositesWhen Hermione finally gets up the courage to walk into the Burrow hand in hand with Fred and tell her friends that the two of them are dating, they don't believe her.It's annoying, but not completely unexpected.They are very different, after all. People think of them as opposites. Hermione the bookworm and Fred the prankster.People aren't one-dimensional, though. They've got layers that are often hidden even from their family and close friends.Fred does actually study. Not much for subjects he finds boring or pointless, it's true, but he works at what he thinks is important.He and George may have only received three OWLs each, but they picked the subjects they considered most vital for their joke shop dreams and they got good grades.So, Fred only has three OWLs but they are excellent ones – Outstandings in Charms, Transfiguration and DADA.He's clever when he wants to be. He's ambitious when it comes to what he's passionate about. He's serious when he needs to be.First Year Hermione wouldn't have understood. She understands better now, even if his antics do drive her up the wall sometimes.A lot of people don't see Fred. They see Fred and George, never one without the other. Their own parents and siblings sometimes fail to tell them apart. Hermione finds it hard too, to begin with, but then she watches and observes and spots the differences. From her fourth year on she always manages to tell them apart, having catalogued and remembered the slightly different pattern of freckles on their faces, and the mannerisms that set them apart.Harry and Ron can be a bit thick when it comes to emotions. They mean well, but they just haven't quite worked out how to be properly comforting. Fred, however, is always there to comfort her when something has gone wrong or when she is terrified that they won't all make it through this terrible war. He holds her hand, pulls her in for a warm hug or presses his lips against hers and makes her feel like there are hundreds of butterflies in her stomach. When she's with Fred, she never feels alone.Hermione has a sense of humour. She just doesn't show it much.Their lives aren't exactly full of fun at the moment, with Voldemort's resurrection and a war going on. Hermione spends so much of her time frantically learning as many new spells as she can to help protect Harry that she doesn't have a lot of time to be light-hearted.She is the serious one and she has to act like it, especially now.Ron seems to think she disapproves of pranks. Admittedly, that was probably true when she was younger, and it's certainly still true that she's not happy when products still in development are tested on first years with no real idea what they've signed up for. Still, she admires the magic and thought and ingenuity that goes into a lot of Fred and George's products. She likes the way they manipulate magic, and sometimes even mix it up with muggle ideas. Many witches and wizards dismiss creativity, so much so that it doesn't surprise her how shocked most of them are when she explains that muggles have been into space, that they landed on the moon decades previously.Hermione admires people with vision. Fred certainly has that.Sometimes it annoys her that she's almost stuck in a box. She'd been high-strung when she was younger (and still is to some extent), so desperate to learn all the magic she could and prove herself, so sure of a teacher's authority, that she got a reputation she's not sure she'll ever shake off. She doesn't have a problem being called a bookworm, and she's been called far worse to care when someone accuses her of being a bossy know-it-all.But she knows how to have fun, she really does, and it irritates her when everyone looks so aghast when she mentions she's been to a concert, or when she confides to her friends that she might get a phoenix tattoo to honour their work with the Order, just something small she can hide beneath her clothes.Fred isn't like that. He asks interested questions about the concert she went to and what kind of music she listens to. He likes the idea of the tattoo and says he might get one too. When she mentions having beaten all her muggle friends at paintballing, he only laughs and says her good aim must help with her spell-work.Hermione and Fred are both loyal to their friends and family. They both hate what Voldemort and the Death Eaters are doing and strive to do their best to stop them. They both see the beauty and wonder in magic.So, perhaps the two of them are opposites on the surface. Underneath, however, they share enough of the same values and interests to make them, in their own opinions, a fantastic combination.Everyone asks her, why Fred? But why not? He makes her laugh and smile, supports her, cheers her up when she needs it, holds her if she just wants to cry. He challenges her and embraces rather than belittles her intelligence. She can see a future with him. Put simply, Fred makes her happy.And she hopes they will be happy for years to come.Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt - DanceCharacters - Hermione Granger / Sirius BlackDanceSirius was hosting a Ball at Grimmauld Place.Number 12 really was a completely different place now. With a mixture of muggle and magical methods, knocking down countless walls, removing curses, repainting, spending an absolute fortune on new furniture, driving three separate magical designers insane, and a team of magical workers combined with House Elves ("yes, they're paid, Hermione, don't nag"), things finally looked the way Sirius wanted – bright, airy and cosy, the complete opposite to its previous dingy incarnation.Officially, the Ball was to celebrate the completion of the renovations on the house. Unofficially, it was an excuse for Sirius to have a party to celebrate one specific event – the removal of Walburga Black's portrait and its consignment to, in Sirius' words, "the fiery pits of Hell" (aka a small magical bonfire in the garden).Balls weren't really Hermione's thing. She'd enjoyed the Yule Ball (at least until Ron's insensitive comments at the end of the evening) but she wasn't a great dancer and, to be honest, if she was going to be deafened by noise she'd rather it be at the concert with music she really enjoyed.Still, she'd had no issues with Sirius' plan, content in the knowledge that she would be able to escape to her old bedroom upstairs if things got too manic.It was all fine until Sirius insisted she come over to practice dancing with him."You look surprised," Sirius said with an amused smile on his face as they twirled around the Grimmauld Place ballroom.Hermione's expression turned slightly sheepish, "sorry, I just never expected you to be so good at this.""I am a pureblood," he reminded her, "it's a part of our extremely dull education.""You're the black sheep of your family, though," she countered."True, but I still learnt – it helped to charm the ladies."He gave her a roguish wink and she rolled her eyes at his over-the-top flirtation."I'm surprised you don't know how to do this already," Sirius commented as she made a misstep and he had to steady her, "I was under the impression that you knew everything.""Don't be ridiculous, Sirius," she said with an exasperated toss of her head, "nobody knows everything. I guess I just never had any time to learn – most of my extracurricular activities in primary school were academic, and then at Hogwarts …""I imagine keeping Harry alive was practically a full-time job," Sirius guessed, shaking his head as he remembered all the dangerous stunts that had made up his godson's years at school."Not much time for dancing," Hermione agreed, "apart from the Yule Ball, and then Viktor and I mostly just muddled along – he was better than me, though for the most part he was pretty clumsy off a broom, so I just tried not to step on his feet.""We'll get you there," Sirius promised, "just follow my lead.""I don't see why I need to be perfect," Hermione grumbled as Sirius suggested they go through the dance again, "I'll probably spend most of my time in the library – balls aren't really my thing."Sirius spun her gently and she breathed a sigh of relief when she didn't trip."You have to come," he said, "to show off all your new dancing skills. And if you don't then who's going to open the ball with me?""You don't need me," Hermione said, "what about … Laurel?""Broke up with her two months ago."Hermione's eyes widened. She hadn't realised. Thinking about it, she knew it had been a while since she'd last seen Sirius' girlfriend, but she'd just assumed they were still together."Sorry," she muttered."Nah, don't worry," Sirius said, "it wasn't going anywhere."She eyed him carefully, but she didn't see any tell-tale signs of deception. He truly didn't seem to be bothered."Well I'm sure you'll find some suitably gorgeous witch by tomorrow," Hermione said, knowing Sirius could sit in a pub for an hour and get half a dozen women or more wandering over to flirt with him."But I've already found one," he told her, "I'm looking at her."Hermione burst out laughing, only stopping when she realised Sirius wasn't smiling."Wait. You want me to go to the Ball with you?""Yes.""Not just for convenience?"Sirius rolled his eyes, "is it so strange to think I might actually like you, Hermione? We have a good time together, don't we?"It was true. Though they occasionally had some shouting matches, and regularly had slightly more civilized arguments about things like House Elf rights and why putting three-year-old Teddy Lupin into the side car of his flying motorcycle was a bad idea, they had a lot of fun too. Sirius was surprisingly well-read in muggle literature, liked to debate the merits of various Shakespeare plays, pulled her out of her shell when she got lost in her research, and generally made life more interesting."Yeah," she agreed, "I just … never really thought about it, you and me."Sirius shrugged, "I don't know what to say. You were ranting last week about House Elf rights, your hair sparking with magic like it always does when you feel strongly about something. I looked at you and realised I really, really wanted to kiss you. I thought you might hex me if I did it then, though, so I thought I'd ask you to the Ball first.""Alright then," she said, shocked by what had happened in the past five minutes but starting to think that maybe she and Sirius could work."What?" he sounded surprised."I'll go to the ball with you," she told him, "after that we'll see."He beamed at her, "right, well we better practice some more. Got to make sure my date knows all the dances."She sighed, but then smiled, and allowed him to begin showing her the steps once more.Whatever else a date with Sirius might be, she knew it wouldn't be dull.Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt word - Pen-PalsCharacters - Hermione Granger & Fleur DelacourFor Daisy (AO3). The suggestion was: "I have an idea for an unexplored friendship: Hermione and Fleur. I wondered once what would happen if Hermione and Fleur were friends and met before the tournament. It is always mentioned that Hermione was on vacation in France, I imagined what it would be like if she visited the magical part of France during the holidays before the tournament." Sorry I couldn't explore too much of this, since all these drabbles are under 1,000 words, but I hope you enjoy it.Pen-PalsHermione stood waiting for the arrival of the Beauxbatons contingent with anticipation, looking forward to seeing her French pen-pal Fleur in person for the first time in over a year.It had been a pleasant surprise to find a friend during her summer holiday in France before third year.She and Fleur had bumped into each other in the Charms section of a bookshop in Place Cachée, the French equivalent of Diagon Alley, and had got talking. Fleur was three school years above Hermione, but they had mutual interests and Hermione liked talking with someone who enjoyed learning (Harry and Ron, while her best friends, weren't particularly academically-inclined).They had met up at cafes a few times during Hermione's time in France and agreed to write to each other. They swapped details about their respective schools, magical societies and favourite subjects. It was fun to have a magical correspondent, especially one from a different country – Hermione had to accept that books could only teach so much and Fleur was, besides being clever and amusing, very knowledgeable about magical cultures across the world.Hermione didn't gasp the way other students did when the Beauxbatons carriage arrived. It was impressive, but Fleur had already let slip how her school were arriving, so she wasn't surprised.She eyed Madame Maxime with interest. Fleur had a deeply respect for her Headmistress, who was apparently a great proponent of magical creature rights. Hermione suspected the woman had some giant blood in her, but thought it rude to speculate out loud the way some of the other students were.The students followed their Headmistress out of the carriage. Most seemed ridiculously unprepared for Scottish weather, but when Hermione saw Fleur she noted her friend had taken her advice and wrapped up in a number of layers.Hermione waved when Fleur's gaze found her, ignoring Harry and Ron's confused stares.Fleur smiled back at her, tossing her silvery hair over her shoulder as the wind whipped around. She appeared oblivious to the admiring looks she was getting from a lot of the boys (and a fair few girls), but Hermione thought she was probably just used to it. In the same way Harry disliked his fame, Fleur had once said she wished she could know whether people spent time with her for her own sake or just for her looks.Ron elbowed her and she turned to glare at him."She's … she's …"Ron trailed off, still gaping at Fleur."She's what, Ronald?" Hermione asked impatiently."She's gotta be part-Veela."Hermione sighed. She knew Ron was susceptible to Veela allure, considering what had happened at the Quidditch World Cup, but it was going to be a pain if he spent the year drooling over her friend, especially since Fleur would find it extremely annoying."She's also top of her class and an extremely talented witch," she told the boys, "she wants to be a curse breaker.""Like Bill?" Ron asked, and Hermione smiled in relief because his oldest brother's occupation fascinated Ron, which could help distract him from Fleur's allure."She wants to move to London to work at their branch of Gringotts when she graduates," Hermione confirmed, "they have the best curse-breaking programme. You must have heard some things from Bill, maybe you can tell her about it.""Yeah," Ron nodded, still looking somewhat shell-shocked but now more coherent, "Bill told us loads of stories."They looked back at Fleur, who spoke briefly to her classmates and then came over to them.Fleur kissed Hermione on both cheeks in greeting, "it is good to see you again, 'ermione. Letters are not quite ze same."Hermione nodded her agreement, "it's brilliant to see you too. I'm sure you'll be chosen for the tournament, though I do think it's dangerous to start it up again.""I am sure zere is nothing to worry about," Fleur said, "Madame Maxime says zere are a great many protections in place.""We'll see," Hermione muttered, worried this school year would turn out just as dangerous as the others.She pushed those thoughts to the side, though, and introduced her friends."This is Ron. He's interested in curse-breaking too, and his brother Bill works at Gringotts."Fleur turned the full force of her radiant smile on Ron, "you must tell me all about it."Ron looked pleased, more at ease when it came to one of his favourite topics, "definitely."Fleur turned to Harry then, "and you are 'arry Potter, of course."Hermione could see Harry's expression begin to fall, and she fervently hoped she hadn't misjudged Fleur, and that the French witch would be able to see beyond Harry's scar.She needn't have worried, though."We studied you mother's work in class," Fleur continued, "an extraordinary witch, non? Ze familial magic she invoked to save you was extremely complex."Hermione felt her interest rise. Dumbledore, she knew, had once told Harry that his mother's love had saved him, but Hermione had always thought that was a vague, unsatisfying answer. It sounded as if Fleur might know more details.Harry perked up too. He had confided in she and Ron how ridiculous he found it to be famous for something he didn't remember, something that wasn't even really his own doing. To have someone praise his mother's spell-work and determination was guaranteed to please him."I don't know much about it," he admitted, almost shyly, "but I'd love to hear what you know."Fleur smiled, "oui, of course. We shall sit wiz you at the feast and explain it."One of the other Beauxbatons students called out to Fleur, and she turned apologetically to Hermione, "I must re-join my classmates now, but I will sit wiz you all at the feast."Hermione nodded, "of course. See you soon, Fleur."She watched her friend go and thought that, whatever the year brought, at least they had a friend from Beauxbatons. She had a horrible feeling they might need it soon enough.Hope you enjoyed. Thanks for reading.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it is the property of the brilliant J.K Rowling. This story is the product of her marvellous characters and world and my imagination.Prompt Word - BossCharacters - Hermione Granger & Tom Riddle (in disguise)Set post-DH but ignoring the epilogue.BossHermione hates her new boss.Well ok, maybe hate is a bit of a strong word, one she tends to reserve for Voldemort and his worst Death Eaters. Still, she definitely strongly dislikes her boss.Gareth Nott is distantly related to her old classmate Theodore Nott, though the latter seems to avoid him like the plague, rather oddly. Most people, however, adore the new head of the DMLE, even if he's come out of nowhere to scoop the prestigious job Hermione personally thinks a dozen others deserve more.There's no denying he's fiercely intelligent in a way that draws Hermione in, but there is something cold about him, something in his eyes that makes her wary.His interrogation ideas are pretty antiquated (although they do get results), his moral code more than a little skewed, he spends a disturbing amount of time considering how Voldemort could have adapted his methods to win the war and he has a worrying familiarity with extremely dark spells.Hermione doesn't share her suspicions with anyone. Most people are too dazzled by Gareth's intelligence, charm, looks or some combination of the three. Harry would possibly agree with her, but he's so busy with Auror duties and she doesn't want to worry him – he's got a tendency to charge in without a plan and she thinks this situation might warrant a little more subtlety.So, she waits and she watches.Hermione is intrigued by her new boss.She's still suspicious of him, but she can't help but be fascinated too.So much of her time was spent at Hogwarts reading ahead, wishing for advanced classes, wanting to know more. Harry and Ron are great, but they aren't intellectually inclined the way she is, they don't crave knowledge.Gareth Nott can cite obscure references. He's read Hogwarts: A History enough to quote it. He performs complex magic with ease. He's happy to talk with Hermione for hours about spell creation, Arithmancy, higher magic and numerous other topics.The wizard might veer a little further towards the darker side of magic than she's entirely comfortable with, but he's also the kind of companion she's spent years wishing for.She can't think about romance right now, though, even if her relationship with Ron has been over for six months.There's so much to do at the moment. Not only is she working hard at her job, she's also helping Kingsley research and reform the old, prejudicial laws.She has no time to overthink her interactions with her boss.Hermione might, perhaps, fancy her boss.Just a little.Ok, rather a lot.She tries to fight against it. He might tick pretty much all the boxes in her mental checklist for perfect guy, but they still argue constantly about procedure and ethics and dark magic.They're currently debating in her office about a recent case he had overseen and whether his investigation techniques had been entirely appropriate.It appears they have rather differing views on what constitutes 'appropriate'.She'd wandlessly silenced the room as soon as he entered, knowing there was a high chance they'd get into an argument and not wanting their colleagues to hear it.Hermione fully expects this to end as it usually does, with the two of them eventually calming down and trying to compromise. It's not a perfect system, and he gets the upper hand more than she'd like, but since he is her boss and she can't deny he's efficient there isn't much else she can do apart from continue to try and persuade him around to her way of thinking.This time it's different, though.This time, he kisses her.And Hermione's brain, which is always working, freezes for a full twenty seconds as she tries to process what is happening.She hasn't got much experience with kisses, just Viktor and Ron. This, however, is absolutely wonderful.When they break apart Hermione is breathless and flushed, torn between hexing him or just kissing him once more.His mouth quirks into a smug smile, "if I'd known this was the best way to win an argument, Granger, I'd have done it ages ago."Part of her wants to shout, wants to point out that he's definitely not won the argument.Instead she finds herself pulling him down for another kiss.She's never felt anything like this. Mental and physical attraction combined burning inside her.They pull apart for a second time more reluctantly."Well, this was a surprise," she says after a few seconds of silence."Really," he raises an eyebrow, "I've been expecting it almost from the moment we met."She flushes pink, "I … err."He doesn't seem bothered by how flustered she is, "I'm afraid I have a meeting to get to, but perhaps you'd like to talk later, over dinner?""Yes," she nods, "right, that'd be good."She curses as he leaves her office, not exactly delighted that he's managed to shake her composure.Still, she smiles to herself. Dinner – she's looking forward to it.Unfortunately, a few moments later Harry comes rushing in with a panicked look on his face, "Hermione, who was that who just left?""Gareth Nott," she tells him, trying not to blush, "he's my new boss. I told you, remember?"Harry doesn't laugh, only looks terrified, "Hermione, if you de-aged that man about a decade and a half, he'd be the spitting image of Tom Riddle in Hogwarts."Her eyes widen, "Harry, that isn't funny.""I am deadly serious, Hermione, they look identical."Hermione thinks about her boss. She thinks about all the questions he's asked her about the war, how he sometimes almost seems to admire Voldemort, and the way he likes to think about what Voldemort could have done better (getting into the mind of the enemy, he says). She remembers his coldness towards the Malfoys (who betrayed Voldemort) and fondness for the more severe forms of interrogation.She thinks how she's just kissed him.Merlin, what has she done?Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.Feel free to suggest ideas for further chapters by giving me a single prompt word and, if you want, the name of a character other than Hermione and if you want it to be romance, friendship, general etc. I can't guarantee anything as my muse can be fickle, but I'll try.
