Letters from RonChapter One: What you leave behindFor Ron Weasely the last 10 months were not easy and if he were to voice it to anyone the time had stirred something in him he thought as he lay by hermione holding the woman he loved . 'I am not worthy of her and she deserves better than I can offer' many ideas went through his head from the acolades they would receive and the doors those would open, returning home and to school, which brought thoughts of funerals and how his mother would be and he was not sure he could help his family right now and finally he thought of his two friends one a brother in all but blood the other was a girl who had somehow become his life without even realizing. 'I need to grow as a wizard and as human being.' Witht hat thought in his mind he rolled out of bed and immediately kissed hermione on the forhead and set about writing a note to his friends and family before packing his bag and turning to leaveHarry opened his eyes. Slowly reaching for his wand as he heard shuffling in the dorm room where He, Hermione, and Ron had slept in after the battled that had rocked the castle only hours before. From his vantage point he could see Ron wrestling with something and finally roll out of bed tucking Hermione in and kissing her forehead, then watched him check his bag and write a note fpld it and set it beside hermione and the move toward the door where he turned back to look in on his best friends "I love you both but I need to grow sand that will not happen here. I need to find out who I am without you so I can truly appreciate who I am and what I can be with you" Harry's eyes widenend but before he could do anything Ron was gone with a popHarry rose out of bed shaking in the wake of his best friends departure he stumbled over to the note and gently woke Hermione from her sleep 'Mione wake up we need to talk"Hermione woke from the best dream ever she was married to Ron Weasely and they had to wonderful children Rose and Hugo. Harry and Ginny had three James, Albus and Lily and they were all at King's Cross waiting for the Hogwarts Express to leave. When harry gently woke him up. "What is it Harry?" she asked noting His concerned words"Ron left this for us." He said gravely.Everyone who matters.I know this is probably the last thing any of you would expect from me. Given that most of the time I am lazy, opinionated git. The last year has weighed heavily upon me and I have come to the conclusion that I must grow and that if I am going to make my mark on the world I must stand on my own two feet. I can not do that here or anywhere in England I understand now the price My brother in all but blood has paid.Harry take care of Hermione she will need you now more than ever. I am sorry to do this to you but you and I both know I will not grow as I should if I stay.To my family look after Harry and Hermione they will need the help. Ginny there is more to harry than the boy who lived if you can not recognize that there will be heartache and pain. Bill, Charlie,and Percy look after George we may all have lost a brother but George lost his twin and I have no earthly idea how to help him. Dad I promise I will be okay take care of mum because what I am going to say is likely going to hurt and anger her in equal parts. Mum Know that I love you and will always be your little boy but you really have no clue about what we really went through at school if we would have waited for an adult in first year Hermione would have been dead, the same for Ginny in second year. Third and forth year the adults were morons dementors and that god-awful tournament. Fifth year was more of the same only this time an adult systematically tortured someone we consider family.. after fifth year we were not children anymore we fought the opening battle of a war that nearly burned our workd to ground. I know you love and miss your brothers but it is time to let us go. I love you mom but really we do not need coddling anymore. George there are no words I can say that will make this any better but know that I love you and mourn Fred.Hermione this will be the hardest thing I ever write, say or whatever. I love you I realized it at the yule ball in fourth year. I ruined your night and I am sorry for that I hope that one day I can make it up to you. I hope one day I will grow into the man I need to be to win your heart but I will not ask you to wait for me as that would be unfair to you if you find love embrace it never let it go. And look out for that git of a mate he will need you to keep him straight.With loveRon.

Unnamed HP/Marvel crossoverAfter the war things never settled down, rather than being able to slip into ignominy Harry's life became a prison. Ginny Weasely who wanted to be the chosen ones wife, not that it would ever happen , Ron Weasely who finally had lion's share of fame had shown his true colors beating Hermione in a drunken rage. Harry had nearly killed him for it. He tried to comfort Hermione but between the scars on her arm and Ron's final betrayal she took her own life ten years after the end of the war. Harry withdrew from the world and for the next decade Kreature led what could be called a rear guard action in keeping Harry alive through a myriad of suicide attempt. Until old age claimed the Black elf…Harry walked into the Ministers office. The secretary looked up "Mr. Potter, What a pleasant surprise.""Thank you Hannah does Susan have a free slot in her schedule any time today" he asked earnestly his eyes downcast toward the floor hiding the depths of pain he was in "If not when could I get 5 minutes of her time."'What is going on with him? 'Hannah thought "Harry you know you have an open invitation as one of her advisors you do not have to make appointments. Susan would love to see you it has been a while. Go on in she is having lunch right now."Harry looked up "I thought that advisor thing was you know a pro forma thing I never..."Hannah smiled again "That is exactly why you are one of her advisors when you come to her it is generally not for something little. Now go on in.""Yes, Ma'am!" he said as he went toward the door. He stopped for a moment to gather himself up opening the door he saw Susan eating a sandwich while absentmindedly looking over a long scroll and Harry could not help himself "you know if you get a grease spot on a treaty with the goblins there will be war"Susan jumped at the voice "Harry Potter that is not funny you scared a life out of me I only have three left now" She said standing with a cocked head her hand on her hip and smile crossing her lips "What brings my favorite advisor to my office.""I need a favor!" Harry stated coming to attention "The kind that I will likely never be able to repay nor will you like what I am about to ask. As I have never come to you with any request I want you to give my request due thought." Harry said gravely "I request access to veil."Susan looked shocked "Harry surely it is not that bad.""No it is actually worse. I cannot go out in public for reasons that are well known which means I cannot spend time with what friends I have left or my godson and his beautiful wife. Susan my affairs are in Order Teddy will be the lord black and the lord potter he will get the lion's share of my fortune. Please just let me go I beg you please with her gone I have no reason to stay."Susan sat down when the gravity of his feeling manifested on his face. "Is there no other way?"Harry slowly shook his head "There is no peace for me here, no rest. Please Susan it is the only way."For the first time in years she really looked at her friend. Gone was the boy she knew, the boy who had life and hope in his place a shell of a man had emerged "Very well Lord Potter if you are sure. When would like to go?""Now would probably be best" harry said once again looking at the ground "I am sorry for putting you in this position Susan I know you want me to live but I…""I know Harry I was with you when we received the call discovering her body. I know what she meant to you, still means to you it hard competing against a memory.""It was never a competition madam minister, there was never anyone in the universe other than her for me." He said flashing her a white stone."Is that a…" she asked and all harry did was nod "I see then my condolences feel inadequate now""No Susan they were a balm when I needed them I am sorry it could not work out for us""Let's go then" she said wiping a tear from her eyes"You don't have to take me Susan""Harry if you think I am going to let you walk into the veil without at least one person being there for you then you are truly dumb." She said as they walked out of her office. "Hannah Love I will see you at the orphanage later please take the rest of the day off"They walked in silence to the lifts people giving them a wide birth as the lift went down harry spoke again "Funding for the Orphanage is taken care of as part of my prep work I made a sizable donation in the Black and Potter names."The rest of the journey was made in silence until at last they stood in the veil room when she turned to harry and embraced him "Good bye my brother GO and find Peace" she choked on sobs as she stepped back harry stepped forward he could hear her voice whispering to him. "Hermione I am coming to join you my love." As he stepped through he felt the cloak appear on his back, the ring on his finger and the wand in his hand. 'What the hell is going on? I snapped the wand and deliberately lost the stone' harry thought as he stepped across the threshold.As he disappeared Susan broke down and cried until several unspeakbales found her hours later.Harry emerged into a very plain stone room with small round rose colored crystal table. The room was dark lit by only a single candle. A chilled breeze filtered through the room causing the candle to gutter and almost go out."So you are the master of death … thought you would be taller."Harry turned and saw an inky black figure that he thought he would have missed if she did not want to be seen. "Death I presume. No scythe to reap my soul. I am disappointed" He could almost see her, well he thought it was her rolling her eyes. "Where is she I came to be with her?""Master Potter she is not here" the entity said sadly "She did not commit suicide she was murdered' I am sorry for your loss." it declared and then he almost missed the barely audible "Master"Harry drew a shuddering breath took the Cloak off, Draped it across his harm setting the stone and the wand on it and held them out "I am not your master, I never wanted to be. I can barely be my own master take them and test someone else.""I cannot take them. The multiverse needs you" death said with grimace "I need you!"Something in Harry snapped "I need her! she was the reason even if she fell in love with him it was always her for me. You want me to save the multiverse. For love of Merlin give me Hermione and I will do anything you ask." He sank to his knees sobs wracking his body "Please just let me be with her"He sobbed for what seemed like an eternity when he felt a pair of arms and smelled a familiar scent and felt her hair tickle his skin his sobbing came to an end "She can't do as you request my love somethings are beyond even the reach of death." She said holding him tight "our time together here will have to be enough for a lifetime Harry or in your case many lifetimes and for that I am sorry if I had known the depth of your feeling while alive things would have been very different!""I can't do it Hermione, the burden, this life is too much to bear alone" he said his eyes down cast so she would not see his tears "Please let me stay here with you.""Harry James Potter there will come a time when I will either be reborn or you will join me here but now is not that time. You are needed by the multiverse something is coming and leaves nothing but death and destruction in its wake all in the name of love for lady death who while she is the caretaker of all souls does not enjoy senseless death and destruction in her name. I love you Harry, right now is a gift from whatever gods listen to our pleas we are here. The multiverse needs you, Merlin's balls I need you I need you to be the man, the hero I know you to be. The hero we all know you to be" and suddenly he was surrounded by everyone he had lost "if what is coming is not stopped it will roll over the multiverse leaving nothing in its wake. You may feel alone my love and while physically that may be true all of us live inside of you every day. Every time you think of what Dumbledore or Sirius or every time the voice of your conscience answers you in my voice. WE. ARE. THERE" she ended screamed poking him three times in the chest tears streaming down her face.'Great my behavior made Hermione cry I really am no better than Ron' he thought as he reach up and wiped the tears from her eyes "I never wanted to make you cry love I am sorry.""Just do not do it again" she mumbled "our time is finished here Harry but this does not mean you cannot live and find love again. I happen to know where you are going there is very pretty petite read head who is going to need saving because like you she chose to do what was right over what is easy." She spoke in quiet tones leaning in to steal her one and only kiss with her best friend and personal hero "Love never dies Harry and ours is with you always!"Harry touched his lips still feeling the caress of her lips as she vanished the feeling of love permeated him and he found himself kneeling in front of death "Well that was …. Unexpected. As I was saying before you are needed and you know now that you are loved even beyond the grave. Most notably you are worthy to bear my ring, my staff and my robe unlike many other bearers throughout the ages you have not succumbed to them.""Hermione said something was coming" Harry asked suddenly "Can you fill me in the more information I have the better I can do my job.""His name is Thanos, the last of his race from the planet Titan he is seeking to purge half the universe in his quest for my affections he does not understand his action … hurt me while I am death and the dead are my responsibility the living bring me great joy a baby born growing with age and time finding love having children growing old having grandchildren and yes dying after making their mark on the universe as it were makes me happy" death says sadly looking down on perhaps the one being in the multiverse who can understand. "But he is like that crazy stalker girlfriend you had Ginny Weasely. Only with nearly unlimited resources and even less conscience.""Sounds a billion times worse than Tom Riddle ever was" Harry said remembering exactly what Voldemort was like. "What more do I need to know before going?""Have you ever heard of the six Infinity Stones" Lady Death Asked with a chuckleTo which Harry responded "The what?"Lady Death pinched her nose drawing in a long breath "Have a seat this could take some time. Please save your questions until the end"Harry sat down and conjured a pad of paper and pencil and over the next few hours he learned of the stones in broad terms before Lady Death opened a portal to another universe."You are the Master of Death whether you want to be or not Harry Potter. I am sending you to the very center of my dominion the planet of Vormir in the universe in question. You will know what to do when you see what is going on.""Will I ever really be able to join my friends and family or will I be the eternal hero?" Harry asked pausing before the portalLady Death shook her head sadly "Even among Wizards Master Potter you are several orders of magnitude beyond them. You will live as long as you need to and then one day you will join your friends and family.""Once More into the Breech" Harry said gravely and nodded to Lady Death stepping through the portal Lady Death had openedVormirThe fight with Clint had been heartbreaking for Natasha he was her brother in all but blood and he needed his family. Now they were hanging off the side of the cliff Natasha having saved Hawkeye's life by securing a safety line to his belt"Let me go… it's okay" she whispered before kicking off the rock face and yanking her hand out of his.Harry appeared away for the base of a very great cliff noting the many skeletons he felt the oppressive need to sacrifice that which was most dear to him and then shook it off looking up in to see a woman falling he could feel the malevolent intelligence behind the Geas practically salivating a he could feel the life of this woman, the depths of her grief for those lost and those left behind it spanned the universe and time.Natasha had done it she had insured they would get the soul stone and reverse the damage Thanos had done when she felt her self-slowing down until she landed gently in some one arms one part of her was glad that someone had saved her from herself the other keening in rage that now they could not save the universe from the mad Titan's quest to bring balance to the universe. The Keening rage broke from her form as a choked sob "Why did you? My sacrifice would have given us access to the stone we could have repaired the damage done by Thanos."Harry held her close her "I am sorry my lady if you give a me a few moments I will retrieve the stone for you in a moment after I have dealt with the being using it to feed. I am going to set you down now and when I do I want you to get behind me and no matter what do not try to assist me."A snarl emanates from everywhere all at once "I will have my due Mageling and they will have the stone for a time. You will not prevent me from consuming her soul!"Harry blood had been boiling since the very second he felt the geas. "I walk in the dark place where others fear to tread, I stand on the bridge and none may pass. You will have her soul over my dead rotting corpse so I have spoken so mote it be." His voice started out soft and climbed also taking on a multi-tonal quality until it felt like the universe was resonating with each syllable dwindling down to the barest whisper "not only am I Mage I am the hand of death and you are at odds her wishes. You have failed in your assignment as a guardian."Above Clint and the specter of Johann Schmidt looked down and for the first time in almost 85 years the red skull felt hope that he would be free to rest rather than feeding the beast below. He heard the exchange and felt the power of the newcomers presence in the universe. His words held power and it suffused the universe restoring that which the true guardian and the other like them had taken.Clint finally managed to climb back up the cliff "Who is that guy, You knew our names what is his?"Schmidt thought for a moment looking at the young man and felt his allegiance change from the being who lived below to the newcomer "He is my master, he is the Guardian of the soulstone you may want to seek cover Son of Edith this is going to be very loud.""Whatever you say big red" clint said as he retreated down the mountain.Natsasha listened to the voice of the man who had prevented her from them getting to the soulstone and the resulting exchange. And then she remembered his words and bristled a little 'I am not a damsel in distress' she thought as she tried to step abreast with him so he did not have to face death alone when his hand shot out preventing her from proceeding she saw and felt the being rise up out of the the broken pad the bones of the dead rising with it "I have not failed mageling throughout the ages there has always been a price to use the stone I merely changed it so that it did not bring madness and suicide." The voice boomed as it finished rising from the ground. It was of medium height the details of his face hidden by shadow the malevolence settled around him like shawl it was not until it moved forward toward Harry its hand shown a ring like the one he wore. Harry's eyes narrowed as a thought permeated his brain"You changed it so you don't pay the price, the rest of the universe does" Harry sneered "The resurrection stone is not meant to be used to trade souls or to claim to souls and it should not be used lightly yet here you are pedaling in life and death all because you cannot get her back can you Uncle Cadmus."The creature stopped "How is it you know my name? I have no kin left, Antioch died without issue and Ignotus line vanished""Uncle I am sad you won't claim me as kin it hurts right here" Harry snarked pointing to his heart "I am the last of line of Ignotus I bear the cloak staff and ring. I am Harry James Potter Master of death or so I have been told"Natasha could feel the power roiling in the air toward them from the being the young man had called Uncle Cadmus she knew if the boy were not shielding her she would be consumed by it and when the words master of death left the boy's mouth the malevolence became fear"I did her bidding for nigh on 10 eons in this dimension she did not say I could not do what I have done""You are right she didn't but right now you are in my way uncle and I have it on good authority that this nice lady you tried to eat needs the stone far more than you and your servant do. So really the choice is yours we can do this the easy way or the right way." Harry said sliding into fighting stance his magic building behind his eyes"you really must be from our family sounds like something Antioch would spew at least before his throat was cut" the shade spoke looking thoughtful "Am I to assume that the easy way would be giving it to you" To which harry nods " nephew you must sacrifice what you love ""Already did that since it won't be easy it will be right, Expecto Patronum!" Harry cried pouring every ounce of his magic into the memory of Hermione kissing him. He could not see prongs for the light the spell generated. It shown across the face of Vormir tearing away the red skull and absorbing the being called Cadmus. as the light died down he noticed the luminous moon I the sky and could feel the stone calling to him he held his hand aloft and said "come" and in a flash he felt the resurrection stone quiver before becoming a slight bit heavier Harry could sense its power grow significantly before he turned to the cute red head who was staring at him with a somewhat dumbfounded look on her face "Um hi do I have something on my face?"Authors note: While I love the idea of Black Widow/Harry Potter as a pairing but in this case we are left with the conundrum of how to get harry back to earth present. While I gave Harry a significant power bump. I cannot bring myself to write a scene where he travels across space and time by his will alone nor can I write him ever using the infinity stones. What I could see is since Widow has survived when Strange and the sorcerers show up she could approach Dr. Strange who could quickly open a portal and a very bored Harry Potter could step through.

The Good SonOrA Tale of Two BrothersThe day of the first task was a dismal day for Harry. The entire school had turned against him including his "closest" friends. He had been kicked out of the Gryffindor tower his name purged from the rolls of the house however dobby the house elf came through with the most wondrous room that had many different settings including what appeared to be a junk yard that he had found many books and a multi compartment trunk, several tomes penned by the founders and if one author was to be believed merlin the last book he found with a stave crafted very finely from a wood he did not recognize that was runed and glyphed with blue gem on the head . The only other saving grace was the headmaster's phoenix who had become a close companion. Sitting in the champion's tent with Fawkes on one shoulder and Hedwig on the other "Well guys I need to get going my turn to face the dragon. It has been nice knowing both of you thank you both for your friendship" Harry said trying to get up but bot birds would not move "come on guys I don't want either of you to get hurt. Harry potter has to die today so I can be free. Please just let me go" both birds took to flight and harry stepped out of tent toward the arena.Albus Dumbledore was an unhappy man having been caught up in the net of his own making. He had placed Harry with relatives that he had come to realize were abusive but the very laws he had passed in order to keep harry safe kept him from helping now and this year had taken a turn for the worse as his name came out of the goblet and the entire school lost its mind. Hufflepuff was angry with cause. Slytherin had always hated Harry, Ravenclaw's reaction had been disappointing with the exception of one lone child Luna Lovegood the house had scorned Harry for something beyond his control. That Gryffindor house as a whole turned against Harry was a complete surprise and when Harry had been excommunicated he had sent both Dobby and Fawkes to aid the boy as they saw fit which lead him to where he was now worrying. Until he saw Fawkes and Hedwig launch from his shoulders and Fawkes song wafted in the air he saw a mass of discomfort as the phoenix sang save one person who collapsed and began to lose his form revealing a form long thought dead. Too late to stop harry from walking into the dragons denLuna Lovegood watched the boy she could feel magic surge and ebb around him she saw his treatment was worse than hers and then she saw the moment he gave up. She caught him halfway to the stadium "Are you sure you want to do this Harry."Harry looked at the shorter dirty blonde girl with silver eyes "Yes Lu I need to be free and this is the only way I can see. Thank you for the last few weeks. I have one thing left to do before i do this" Harry said quietly "I have seen how the other students treated you and I am sorry I did nothing to stop it. Dobby!""Yes Harry Potter Sir?" asked the oddest elf Luna had ever seen popped in to sight."This is Luna Lovegood, I claim her as my sister serve her as you would me and take this to Gringotts now." The elf popped away and Harry called out "Hedwig, come here girl!" When the owl spiraled down to land on Harry's outstretched arm leaning into his hand as he brushed her Harry began again "Hedwig my friend you can't go where I am going. I want you to live so go with Luna now and take care of her. I have it from here!" he finished with a tone of finality that carried through the air. And Hedwig hopped to Luna's shoulder."Brother…"she started before wrapping her arms around him sobbing uncontrollably "Don't please. Mommy left and I have been alone since.""Oh Luna you won't be alone ever again you just inherited a godfather and an uncle with a furry problem, the craziest house elf in the universe and the best friend money could not buy. Hold me here and here" he pointing at her head and heart "and I will always be with you but please let me go. Even if I don't get to be with them I will be free. You and your family are now Potters; I have checked you are the Lady Potter. Take your family and the Quibbler from Britain "Look for Creatures great and small around the world all I ask is that you set me free"This only cause Luna to sob more "Go My Brother, I will miss you" she said her arms gripping him if even more tightly, before Luna released her brother turning her attention to both Dobby who had returned with a small box and a scroll which he handed to Luna he nodded and went into the stadium.Unrolling the scroll and reading it brought home just what Harry had done both for and to her and brought a fresh wave of sobsIn the stadium Fawkes kept circling and singing but his voice was joined by others as they flashed in until what seemed like every phoenix in the world was flying above the stadium until they landed at high places taking vigil over the proceedings. When the cannon went off harry amplified his voice and in parsel tongue he cried out "Great mother I seek not your eggs only freedom from this life please grant me your flame that I might rejoin my family" The dragon hearing the low tongue of the snakes heard the request and raised its muzzle to the heavens ad gave out a roar that shook the stands in the stadiumHarry took that to mean it agreed and stepped into the dragon's sight. Without pause the dragon took in a breath and breather fire hotter than any other ever seen by wizards and again the phoenixes took to the air singing a dirge as one by one they descended into the flames that had engulfed the young man until the dragons red fire became white rising to the heavens like a great phoenix itself and streaking off out of site.When the fire died down all that remained were hundreds of baby phoenix and the nesting mother that guarded them.Across Britain various artifacts were consumed in flames until finally the homunculus and the snake were also consumed to flame.In the aftermath of Harry Potter's death many tried to claim the potter legacy as their own only for goblin steel to deny them. Luna Lovegood under the advice of her inherited godfather and uncle did as her brother suggested and left Britain only to return decades later as she met Rolf Scamander whom she later married and bore many children who gave new blood to many old family lines.In between worldsHarry's eyes popped open and he took a breath "Damn I survived dragons' fire""No you did not son" a deep masculine voice said behind him causing him to jerk and reach for his wand only to find it in the hand of the man who looked remarkably like his father "You succeeded in dying. Much to my and your mother's dismay."Harry closed his eyes repeating "Please be real " over and over again until he felt a pair of slim arms and definitely feminine hands caress his face he opened his eyes to see green eyes staring into his own"My beautiful boy. While I understand why; I do not like it one bit! We have been granted this moment as reward for our families sacrifice." Lily said gently "However, you will be sent on to a place where there is a woman who gave up her son so he could have a better life.""How could he possibly have a better life without his mum" harry wracked his mind trying to find a scenario where this would apply and then it dawned on him "Either she was abjectly poor or she was a slave. If I am going to her at least I am used to being a slave."Lily frowned at that "I know what Dumbledore did and trust me when he arrives for his next adventure we will be having words." Lily paused reigning in her temper she motions James to join them and he joined the family hug "No the woman is no longer a slave. The man who loved her bought out her contract and freed her. She is a good woman and in one way this will be the multiverses way of rewarding you both.""How long do we have?" Harry asked reveling in his parents hug knowing exactly what love felt like for the first time."Until you fall asleep dear one." Lilly whispered in his ear running her fingers through his hair. Making his eyes grow heavy"Mum" was all he whined as exhaustion from his life and death consumed his consciousness"Shush my darling boy we will always be with you!" She whispered laying him down and smoothing his hair one last time before he faded from the realm in between. "Go my son and be the hero you were born to be."Tatooine, 25 BBYCliegg Lars and his wife Shmi stood watching the suns of Tatooine set in the distance holding on another when a bird of flame impacted the ground at their feet the flame died out to reveal a naked boy save for a fine cloak and a strange pendant that looked like a box. The boy looked like he was about twelve seasons if that; he was scrawny and looked malnourished. Before the man could say anything Shmi was on the ground cradling the boy. Her thoughts on her son who she missed and knew was out in the galaxy doing great things.Cliegg wondering how they would feed another mouth but looking on the boy's scarred body he himself would not turn the boy away "Shmi we must get him into the house it will not be safe out here at night.""Yes love we do. Whoever did this to this child I hope by the force they were punished." Shmi said as she memorized every scar on the poor boy's body "I know he is another mouth to feed Cliegg. Owen is old enough he does not see me as a mother and my own son is the force knows where in the galaxy. This boy needs me, needs us"Cliegg Lars having been married before knew there was no way he could win this argument and as he thought it out he lost nothing and gained another son.Harry awoke to an unusual feeling he was warm wearing clothes that fit him even though they were not of a style he had never seen and a hand kept running through his hair. A hand rested on his cheek for the first time in his life since his parents death he felt loved it was with that feeling filling him that he slipped back into slumber.Cliegg Lars watched his wife with a smile on his face thankful that he still had clothes from when Owen was younger."Father, Buru has breakfast on the table are you going to wake mom?" Owen asked the first time using the word mom to describe Shmi "Are we adopting him?""Yes, we are, whoever had him before had to be evil given the scars that were on his body" Cliegg said harshly anger crossing his face "you and your friends are not to pick on him. As a matter of fact you are going to help me show him the ropes. Shmi, love it's time for breakfast. And we have a long way to go to get that young man up to a healthy weight."Harry Smiled as he listened to the two men talk and opened his eyes as he sat up only to be captured in gentle hug and a fierce whisper in his ear "I don't know who you had for guardians but, I know they did poorly by you the scars have healed since you arrived. I remember every one and I will not hurt nor let you be hurt like that unchallenged. I know you are near enough to being a man I would like it if you would stay with us maybe join our family now what is your name because I refuse to call you boy" she finished taking stock of the young man"My name is Harry which is a shortened form of Harold, Haraldr also a nickname for Henry which I never understood" he stopped realizing he was rambling he shuddered in a breath that made Shmi melt a little more as she continued to run a hand through his hair comforting him "My full name is Harry James Potter. My Parents were named Lily and James Potter. They were murdered by a mad man who was bent on crusade based on the purity of blood. I was placed with my aunt and uncle and they were…" he looked away "Abusive, from the time I could stand I cooked, cleaned and took care of the grounds of their house. I did not know my own name until I heard it on my first day of school. Before that I was boy or freak. I did not understand until I was 11 years old why.""What happened when you were 11" Shmi asked curiously"I found out I was a wizard" Harry said as he pointed his finger and said "Accio" pointing at the his pillow and rather than just barely moving it shot off as if shot from a gun hitting him full in the face "I did not expect that honestly without a wand I should not be able to do that"Shmi was awed, shocked and saddened when Harry saw her face he seemed to collapse into himself this shook Shmi out of her stupor "You have powers similar to a Jedi, My son Anakin left to join their order 7 years ago tales of his adventures sometimes filter back here. You were saying about your aunt and uncle. I take it being a wizard was something they feared.""Yes" Harry said quietly "but they don't matter now I am here wherever here is and they are back there." he paused for a moment struggling with what to tell her steeling his resolve he whispered "Where I came from I can never return even if I wanted to. I faced a dragon and let it kill me just so I could be with my family. But I only got to be with them a short time before I was sent here my mum said we were the multiverses reward to each other. I …""You are not a replacement for my son or a reward from the force. I did not carry you for nine months and raise your fourteen years. You are nearly full grown it would be my honor if you became part of my family." Shmi said again making the offer "I have nothing to give you save love, care and a surname of your choice. Skywalker or Lars"Harry turned the thought over in his head then remembering that he had trunk full of books and other things he salvaged from the come and go room he turned and threw his arms around the woman's middle. Letting go the years of abuse he sobbed into the woman's side and not for the first time in her life Shmi offered comfort to little boy who like her own son felt was meant for great things. "I would like to be known as Haraldr Skywalker. If it is any help I had a necklace around my neck when I did what I did to come here there are many books, items and some precious metals from where I came from one of those books is a book of familial rituals. One such ritual is called blood adoption it means I would effectively be of your blood if you will have me."Cliegg had been patient listening to everything that his relatives had made him do. Even on Tatooine where the environment was harsh no parent would have a child do such chores. He watched the demonstration of power and the subsequent breakdown the lad had. When he heard the words blood adoption his curiosity turned to dread "and how much blood is exchange we don't have access to much in the way of medical supplies out here.""If I can have my necklace" Harry asked looking around for it causing Shmi to smile as she held it up handing it to him. He then set the chest down and waved a hand and the trunk increased in size he opened the first lock. "This my library such as it is I have books for the next few years to complete my education. I will help out around the farm but I would still like to study."Cliegg smiled the young man wanted to continue learning that told him he had drive " I don't see that as being a problem as long as you are willing to help and learn other things as well; by help I mean help not do everything for us. I am Cliegg Lars this is my son Owen and his girlfriend Beru. Now I understand that some species have rituals that are not compatible with those of basic stock like us I just want to ensure everyone is safe before we dive off I am sure you can understand."Harry looked sheepish as he grabbed a book out he turned opening it leafing through it quickly until coming to the section he was looking for "The only way harm will befall those involved in this ritual is one of those involved have intent to deliberately harm those they are adopting. All we need is a slice along our palms and I can heal the wound we just have to mix our blood. That is if you want to I don't want to be a burden or to intrude.""What are words for the ritual" Shmi asked the fire in her eyes gave Harry pause but only for a moment before writing it out for her on a piece of paper. Shmi struggles with the reading while Harry took out his knife and pushed his magic into it before handing it to Shmi who cut her palm and handed the knife back to Harry who mimicked her motion she then started reading while they grasped Hands "I Shmi Skywalker do take you son of house Skywalker, You will be known as Haraldr Skywalker I promise to raise and protect as my own. So I have spoken so it shall be even unto the end of days when all are one!""I Haraldr accept that which is given freely and promise to love and honor you my mother. I also promise to represent our family in both peace and war guarding carefully our Hearth and Home. So I have spoken so it shall be even unto the end of days when all are one!" For a moment magic pulsed out from Harry toward Shmi and the force rose to meet it twin shockwaves raced out to the ended of the homestead causing everything to momentarily lose power. The force and Harry's own internal magic both vied for dominance for a time until slowly they began to mesh. The energy which had burst forth from Harry suddenly crashed back into him Causing both to be knocked backward without thinking he twisted himself around bearing the brunt of the impact as the last of his magic integrated into the larger force."Mom are you okay? Sorry dad I did not realize that was going to happen is everyone else okayCoruscant – Jedi TempleMaster Yoda felt a subtle shift in the force as if a new light shined holding back the encroaching darkness.Anakin Skywalker saw the arrival of the boy who was the same age and felt him in the force which had caused him to pause in his training only to be hit by five remotes. Obi wan his master noted this as it had not happened in years "Anakin is everything alright?" the young Jedi master asked concerned at the sudden backslide in his padawan skill."Everything is fine master, I had a vision of my mother, a man who I think my mother has married. They are on Tatooine the suns were just setting and young boy appeared in flames impacting the ground. He is scarred but even now the scars are healing. My mother claimed him as a son, I have a brother master." Anakin said smiling the thought of being an older brother appealed to him and then reality hit "I will likely never get to meet him and even if I do the order and the code would not let me recognize the relationship because it is an attachment. The code can be damned I have a little brother."Sheev Palpatine was not a happy man the burden of holding the cloak of the dark side had increased exponentially and for the first time in many years he found himself blind to something in the force. His new apprentice was still far too weak in the dark side to help shoulder the burden. However he felt he still had time everything had proceeded as he had foreseen to this point he just needed to be patientAlderaan – the royal gardensMaster Fay sat in meditation on Alderaan the viceroy and his lovely wife having extending every courtesy even though she had begged them not to. She felt the young man's presence in the force and for the first time in her life she felt a desire to take a padawan and knew exactly where he was she also felt the connection that Shmi Skywalker forged with boy and smiled. She rose from her meditation and began to glide through the Queen Breha's palace until she stood at the doors to throne room a guard looked somewhat concerned. "Mistress Fay is something amiss?""No, everything is right, does the queen have a moment. Something has come up and I want to thank her for the hospitality her court has shown me." The ageless Jedi master asked "I don't want to be rude and just disappear."The guard looked into the throne room and saw a bunch of pompous noble taking up the queens valuable time and made a decision that would likely see him removed from her majesties service offered Fay his arm smiling "A lady should never be unescorted if you would allow me""You are a bad boy sir" she said as she took his arm with a smile seeing his intent immediately "you are also a fun one I see great things in your future."With that he escorted the Jedi master into the court the guard turned to the herald and said a few words and the herald in turn smiled and nodded "If it would please the queen Jedi Master Fay begs a moment of your time."The hall suddenly quieted whispers were here 'a Jedi begging time with anyone' and 'Fay? Isn't she like a thousand years old' were heard to be muttered the Queen ever regal "A Jedi will never beg of anything in this court for millennia the Jedi order have guarded and guided the republic it is a blessing and an honor to have them for company. We have more than a moment for her I am sure we can resume court on the morrow? " the queen queried her court and though there were grumbles everyone but the queen, her guards and Fay had left throne room.The queen amused as she was felt she should deal with the impropriety first "Bulsar Antares, I realize that being a door guard is not glamorous but really I am sure Master Fay did not want such a grandiose entrance." She said with a raised eyebrow that spoke volumes before smiling "well out with it you young scamp"Bulsar swallowed nervously "Jedi master fay has never made any demand on either the court or the hospitality of your palace my queen. Given who she is I felt I should expedite her appointment. You know my father he would have skinned me alive if I let a woman any woman regardless of their station go unescorted into court."Breha did something very unqueenly she snorted "the real reason if you will?'"You were looking quite put upon by all the courtiers I felt it was my responsibility as one of your guard to help end court today sooner rather than later." Bulsar said without even a bit of humor "the truth be told the people of your court often bring frivolous things to you that your lord seneschal could take care of. You and the prince consort have intergalactic trade and relations to think of. And the day a Jedi should have to ask for time with the Queen of Alderaan. It will not happen on my watchQueen Breha and her consort Bail Organa were both surprised at the guards vehemence it was Bail who spoke "You would speak to your Queen in such manner?""Your excellency I have listened day in and out of the comings and goings of your court and fully half of your court seeks only to be close to you raising their own station by proximity rather than actually serving you or our world in general of requests that actually need your attention maybe two items a day deserve your undivided attention this is the third thing today that needs your attention, a guardian of the republic begged an appointment when she should be welcomed to attend your court at willFay was at first amused at Bulsar's reply but as time went on she became a bit uncomfortable at his high praise "Bulsar did not mean for you to take me so seriously my task is not time sensitive I only wished to convey her majesty that hospitality of her court and company has been superb but the force calls me away for the first time ever I found a padawan and I must seek the young man out and I wish to thank both the queen and the viceroy for allowing me to stay on Alderaan for as long as I have"Bulsar looked chagrined "My Humblest Apologies to both you my queen, Viceroy, and to you as well master Jedi. I let my vision of how things should be lead me to actions above my station. As such your majesty I will accept whatever punishment you deem necessary" lowering his eye as he finished.For a moment the queen looked like she was going to say something scathing but an imperceptible nod from fay and gentle hand on her shoulder from bail she nodded and rose walking forward and gently putting a finger under the young man's chin making him raise his head meeting her eyes "Bulsar, never has any of my subjects spoken thus to me! While it was impertinent. It was also true my seneschal should be handling most of these things." She paused looking to her husband who nodded "My seneschal has been wanting to retire for a while and has been growing more insistent that I find a replacement. You are a rare Man Bulsar Antares, You spoke truth to power and I admire that. However i cannot let your candor go unpunished. You are relieved of your duties as a guard. You are dismissed.""As your Majesty wishes" Bulsar said with a wince and made his way back down the Aisle toward the door his shoulders slumped.The queen then motioned to her herald and whispered something in his ears and the heralds eyes widened. He drew himself up to his full height "Bulsar Antares your queen requires your service!"Bulsar stiffened and turned around "How may I serve my queen?" he said taking a kneeBreha smiled "I am in need of a seneschal. As I said already you are a rare man would you serve as my seneschal and bring some semblance of order to my court?"The man looked at his queen his mouth moving but no sound came out finally Fay took pity on the poor man "his answer is yes!"Breha and bail both laughed at his reaction before turning to the master Jedi "Mistress Fay we have enjoyed hosting you as always. Any Jedi is welcome on Alderaan. Safe journeys. Now as to you Bulsar we must speak of your raiment."Fay turned with a spring in her step and left the throne room to pack and get to her ship.As she was going through her ignition sequence she turned on the Holocomm unit and suddenly she was among the other masters "I take it you all felt the arrival as well?" she asked plainly."Of course Master Fay, feel something in the force you have?" Yoda asked gently."Yes Master Yoda, I have found an apprentice. I have to do some traveling to pick up some supplies and I need a trainer to assist in training him with the lightsaber." Fay exclaimed excitedly before regaining the Jedi reserve all Jedi seemed to have "The trainer I have in mind may make the council balk as we will be spending considerable time on Tatooine as there are actions that must happen before my apprentice will leave his new family. I plan to train the apprentice by the old code as he is outside the normal age range. I know many on the council will not approve given what the force has shown me this is the way it must be."Mace Windu felt like he was getting the headache everything was on a knifes edge on this decision it could go very right or terribly wrong "Who do you desire as a trainer" he asked rubbing his forehead dreading what her answer would be."I would like Obi Wan Kenobi and his apprentice. I will not need them full time so the Council can give them missions as they see fit but they would be based on Tatooine. For a span of a few years."The council was suddenly filled with voices arguing for and against Only Yoda and Yaddle remained silent communicating some to her way until Yoda nodded."Stationed on Tatooine Kenobi and Skywalker will be but with them Master Yaddle will help oversee and assist when Kenobi and Skywalker are needed elsewhere." Yoda declare causing silence in the chamber.Three months laterFrom the outset the residents of the small farm could all tell that Haraldr came from a primitive culture but they were surprised how fast Harry seemed to pick up how to fix or tweak just about anything . Never had the Lars farm been so efficient. This gave the boys ample time to get to know one another and instead of any perceived rivalry the boys made a good team.Owen found in Haraldr, the younger brother he had always wanted. Harry worked hard on chores for the farm but also soaked up knowledge about the galaxy, politics, sports and most of all technology. As it seemed he had inherited the Skywalker knack for building and repairing things. Owen was thankful for it as it took Harry moments to fix a device that it would have taken weeks to get parts. He also knew how to have fun. As evidenced by the two junk speeders he bought from Jawas and restored to work.Cliegg while out surveying the perimeter with Haraldr he broached the subject "Son what do you dream of doing with your life."Haraldr looked at his father "I dream of having a family, or do you mean a career choice?""Having a family is a laudable goal but I really meant what you want to do. While your mother has not admitted it she thinks you will follow in your brother Anakin's footsteps." Cliegg said carefully "While I see that as possibility I just want to remind you there is nothing wrong with the simple lifestyle or working with your hands.""I am not sure what I want as life goal but learning as I am now both from my home world and the galaxy at large will certainly not help" Harry said turning away from his dad "Dad u see mom watching me with sad eyes sometimes Like she expects me to just up and leave. As if the Jedi would just show up for me somehow I doubt they even know I exist""You would be surprised little brother, I felt and saw you the day you arrived as did many others." A slightly deeper voice came from behind them causing them both to turn Cliegg raising his carbine and Harry instinctively raising a hand."Whoa Mr. Lars, Little brother, Mom said you were out on the perimeter I have been behind you a while there is a party of sand people watching the farmstead. My master has gone to talk to their leader. Mom would like you both to come back home.""Why do you keep calling me little brother? I have exactly two older brothers Owen and Anakin and of the two Anakin is off doing Jedi things "Harry said not noticing the grin that just sprouted on Anakin's face. Then it caught up to him you said Mom "Anakin?""Yes little brother. As I said the Jedi, they noticed and could feel your light in the force from across the galaxy. I and another have had visions regarding you while my master deals with the tusken raiders Mom and the other two Jedi masters with us would like to talk to you." Anakin finished and the words stopped Haraldr cold something neither Cliegg nor Anakin caught it right away they were a good five minutes away before they noticed he was not with them. Anakin motioned Cliegg on toward the homestead. "I will go back for him, his reaction is normal he probably thinks we are here to take him away from you."Cliegg walked for another ten minutes before cresting the rise and saw the most mismatched pair of women he had ever seen one was short, green and ugly to his mind. The other was the exact opposite Cliegg stopped and listened to the three talk about Anakin and Haraldr before insinuating himself into the conversation "ladies I am Cliegg Lars welcome to our home.""Owen I am glad you have returned" Shmi smiled at her husband "Owen and Beru are in Anchorhead the shipments is late. Where are Anakin and Haraldr?""Haraldr was happy to see his older brother." Cliegg explained rubbing the back of his neck trying to think if a way to explain what his youngest son may be feeling "When Anakin mentioned others wanting see him Haraldr shutdown. Anakin thinks it's because Haraldr feel like he might be taken from us."Fay looked at the couple "what can you tell me of him"Master Yaddle however stiffened "Wait I think this will. A problem we have"Obi Wan walked across the dunes and as he came over a dune, he found himself face to face with the group of tusken raiders "Well hello there!" He greeted them letting his saber float into his hand .the one in the lead stopped for a moment looked at the saber and looked at him back and forth a few times before raising a fist and saying something in language Obi-Wan did not understand. Causing the sand people and their bantha to go back the way they came."Has the council sent you make me return to the temple?" the masked figure asked in galactic basic "I do not recognize you, who was your master? Have the human asked the Jedi to negotiate with sand people?""No, Qui Gon Jinn, and no" Kenobi answered tersely "However I did notice your party watching the Lars homestead My padawan's Mother and little brother live there and I would prefer the reunion to be uninterrupted.""I am Sharrad Hett; Qui Gon is an old friend of mine. How is the old man" the figure said seeing Obi-Wan's face pale he asked the simple question "When?"
