If there's anyone out there who's been following my post-epilogue Harry Potter series...this is nothing to do with that. I will be continuing that eventually but in the meantime, I'm trying something else.That series hasn't been very kind to Ginny so I thought I'd try and redress the balance. Hence, this. Which is going to be big. One of the biggest things I've ever written. The sort of thing any sane person would split up, but in a fit of ignorance, I'm going to try and do it in one. Which will take a long time, and there might be long gaps between updates, but please bear with me. I haven't failed to finish a story yet and I don't intend this to be the first.CHAPTER ONEGinny Weasley woke up in her bedroom with an odd feeling that something was different. Slowly, she looked around. Everything seemed to be in its usual place. She herself didn't look any different. As an extra check, she ran to the window and looked out, seeing Muggle London sprawled out below their flat. Then her eyes fell on the calendar on the wall, with every day of August ticked off, and she smiled as she realised and chided herself for taking so long to remember.It was her first day at Hogwarts.Ginny had dreamed of the day since she was a little girl. She'd seen her four brothers go off to Hogwarts, longing of joining them. When the owl had arrived with her invitation, when she'd been allowed to go to Mr Olivander's shop in Diagon Alley and pick out her wand, when she'd first got to try on her Hogwarts robes… She didn't think it was possible to have a day happier than that one but now today had arrived and proved her wrong.But still the doubts persisted. She'd been kept away from the wizarding world all her life. Those few glimpses of the Hogwarts Express and Diagon Alley, and the few times Bill and Percy had used magic at home after getting their licenses, were all she'd seen. She'd been too scared to try magic herself, despite Fred and George encouraging her. Would she be any good at it? And how would people react to her?Ginny did her best to push the fears away. She dressed as quickly as she could and went downstairs, feeling the butterflies in her stomach. Percy, Fred and George were all at the table, dressed to go to school, Percy proudly wearing his prefect badge."I think there must be a mistake, George,"Fred remarked casually."A very big mistake, Fred,"George agreed."Why is little baby Ginny dressed in Hogwarts uniform?""It's as if she thinks she's going to school with us.""Well, that'd never happen. They'd never let her in."Ginny rolled her eyes, as experience had taught her to. Percy looked her up and down. "Straighten your collar,"he said at last."Ignore them, Ginny,"said a warm female voice behind her. "You look very nice."Ginny turned to the short rotund woman who had spoken and smiled. "I learnt to do that a long time ago, Aunt Mel."A tall, thin man, in stark contrast to his wife, held out an envelope to her. "You've got a good luck letter from your brother Bill. I think he's finally worked out how many stamps to use."Ginny took it from him. "Thanks, Uncle Keith.""Now, take a seat,"Aunt Mel told her. "And we'll see if we can get you a special breakfast."Platform 9¾. Ginny had seen her four brothers going there many times to take the trip to Hogwarts but she'd never actually sat foot on it herself. She'd always been told that she'd attract too much attention. Today though, the rules had changed. Today she was going onto it as a student."Are you all right there, Ginny?"Percy asked as she hesitated too long on the threshold of the barrier. She wasn't sure if he was showing concern or if he was just impatient."Er, yes,"she managed."Well off you go then."Ginny took a deep breath and stepped through. And suddenly, all around her, there was people and activity and the Hogwarts Express and she knew very well that this was her world, the one she'd been kept away from for so long."Try and keep your mouth closed, Ginny,"Fred warned her.George nodded in agreement. "You don't know what sort of exotic fly might be about."In one of the coaches, three second years made their way down the passage to an empty carriage: Harry Potter, Hermione Granger and Neville Longbottom. They slid into their seats. "Did everyone manage their homework over the summer?"Neville asked."Of course,"Hermione replied. "I did it in the first week. I've been practising wand movements since then. Without the wand, obviously. Didn't want to risk underage magic. It wasn't difficult.""Maybe not for the brightest person in the class,"Harry commented. "I had to ask my parents for help with mine."Neville nodded in relief. "Me too."Hermione rolled her eyes. "Honestly, I don't know how you two will cope in school with no-one to parent you.""Isn't that what you do?"Harry returned.Not wanting to talk to them at that moment, Hermione looked out the window, but her annoyance was quickly forgotten as her eyes alighted on a red-haired girl standing on the platform in the uniform of a first year. "Harry, Neville, have a look at this."The two boys joined her at the window. "Is that who I think it is?"Neville asked."Ginny Weasley,"Harry replied. "The Girl Who Lived."Unaware of the attention she was attracting already, Ginny brushed a clump of hair away from her forehead, revealing a lightning-shaped scar.

My huge thanks to everyone who's added favourites, follows and reviews: I was utterly overwhelmed by how much response I had to the first chapter! I hope you continue to enjoy.CHAPTER TWOGinny found herself making her way alone through the corridors of a carriage. She'd expected to sit with her brothers, but as soon as they'd got on, Fred and George had gone off with a couple of girls from their year with a claim that they had to discuss quidditch tactics, while Percy had announced he had to attend the prefect meeting. It had quickly dawned on Ginny that she knew no-one else on the train. The least humiliating option was to find an empty carriage but it seemed like a futile goal."You can come in here with us if you like,"came a voice from the compartment she was passing.Ginny looked round. The speaker was a green-eyed, dark-haired boy, accompanied by another boy and a girl, all of them in Gryffindor colours. They looked friendly enough, so Ginny slipped into the compartment and sat down."I'm Harry,"the boy explained."This is Hermione and Neville.""Harry Potter?"Ginny asked.The boy looked surprised. "Yes.""My brothers told me about you. Youngest seeker in a century, right?"Harry looked a bit embarrassed. "Ah yes, something like that.""You're Ginny Weasley!"Hermione blurted out.Ginny reddenned slightly. Neville gave her a sympathetic look. "Watch out, Hermione's read so much about wizarding history, she probably knows more about you than do."Hermione seemed to realise her faux pas. "Sorry. It's just my parents were muggles so…""We've probably got something in common then. You know what happened to my parents?"Hermione looked even more awkward. "Um, yes.""Murdered by You-Know-Who, along with two of my brothers." Ginny saw that everyone was looking shame-faced. "Don't worry, I don't remember it, I was only a baby. My other brothers got out through the floo network but I was left behind. They say he tried to kill me and failed. That's how I got the scar.""You call him You-Know-Who?"Harry asked."Our parents have never been sure about that one,"Neville agreed. "But we usually call him that because everyone else does.""My brothers do,"Ginny agreed. "Professor Dumbledore didn't seem keen on it though.""You know Dumbledore?!"Hermione shrieked.Ginny looked in confusion. "Well, yes. Don't you?""We know who he is,"Neville explained. "But we don't talk to him much."Ginny nodded in understanding. "It was him who arranged for us, me and my brothers, to stay with my father's cousin. He's a squib and his wife's a muggle. Professor Dumbledore came round personally when I got the Hogwarts invite, explained he thought it was time for me to rejoin the wizarding world."Harry struggled to think of something to say. "I hope you like it,"he said at last.Ginny smiled at him. "Well, I do so far."Ginny had hoped to stay with her new friends all the way to the castle, but when she disembarked she heard a loud voice shouting "First years over here!""That's Hagrid, the groundkeeper,"Harry explained quietly. "He took us up to the castle last year. You'll be all right with him." Neville looked as though he wanted to say something, then thought better of it.Ginny left the trio and introduced herself to Hagrid, who gestured her over to the group that were waiting. Ginny found herself sat opposite a blonde girl. "I'm Ginny,"she explained.The girl looked at her in confusion for a moment. "People don't usually talk to me." Then she managed a smile. "Hello, Ginny. I'm Luna.""Do you know much about Hogwarts?""Well, my parents were a witch and a wizard and they both came here. They haven't told me much about it though. My mother died when I was young and my father tends to be busy with other things. I know he was in Ravenclaw though. Maybe I will be too.""My parents were in Gryffindor,"Ginny recalled. "My brothers as well."Luna's face fell. "Oh dear. I thought I might have a friend."There was a vulnerability about the other girl that made Ginny instantly want to make her happy. "Well, even if we are in different houses, we'll probably have classes together and see each other at other times."Luna brightened up slightly. "Oh yes, that's true."Hagrid had obviously finished marking students off on his list because he suddenly bellowed for everyone to get on their feet and marched them down to the lake. They were herded onto small boats, with Ginny making sure she shared one with Luna.At first, she didn't know what the idea was, until she caught sight of some lights in the distance. She focused on them as they got closer and slowly she made out the shape of a castle. The lights flickered all around it in the dark, giving it a majestic look that took Ginny's breath away."Oh, so that's Hogwarts,"Luna remarked airily. "I suppose it's quite beautiful."Ginny could only think that the other girl had a gift for understatement.For some reason, Ginny was nervous. She wasn't sure why. She'd heard of the Sorting Hat ceremony. Was she nervous about the outcome? Being one of the last alphabetically didn't help. She'd watched as most of the other students were sorted. Her gaze flicked to the Gryffindor table where Harry, Hermione and Neville sat, along with her brothers Percy, George and Fred. She'd hoped Luna would be sorted there as well, but as the other girl predicted, the hat had placed her in Ravenclaw.That wasn't so bad. At least it meant she'd have a friend if she was sorted there.Finally, Professor McGonagall called out her name and she took her place. The hat was placed on her head and she heard its voice in its mind. "Oh, this is a curious one. A member of the Weasley family, but so much more than that. Something else inside you. Something from Slytherin. Would you like to go there?"Ginny hesitated. She hadn't even thought of Slytherin. Her brothers made jokes about how it was where all the future dark wizards and witches went but it couldn't be that bad, could it? She looked over at her potential future housemates and her gaze fell on a blonde-haired boy, looking at her with a malicious expression. "Trying to work out if Weasley's actually got any magic in her,"he remarked to his friends, loud enough for most of the hall to hear. "If she's anything like the rest of her family, she'll be kicked back to muggleland.""Not there,"Ginny insisted.The sorting hat gave a sigh. "Very well. The choice is yours. Gryffindor!"Ginny smiled and ran to the table. She saw Harry make a space next to himself and sat in it. Hermione was the other side of Harry, and on her right were Fred and George. Neville sat across from them.Professor Dumbledore cleared his throat. "So, a welcome to all our new friends. At this point, I'm supposed to make a long and tedious speech. Fortunately, I've never been one for doing what I'm supposed to. Tuck in!""You made it then, sis,"Fred remarked."Keep your head down and they might even think you belong here,"George added."No chance of that." Somehow, the blonde-haired Slytherin had ended up behind them. "Make the most of this year. Things are going to change soon." He sauntered away."He's really grown as a person,"George remarked."I was thinking that too,"Fred agreed."That's Draco Malfoy,"Neville explained to Ginny. "I would explain why he hates you, but he basically hates everyone.""Harry, who's that?"Hermione asked.Ginny followed where the girl was pointing and saw a rotund man sat among the teachers. "Peter Pettigrew,"Harry explained . "The new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. He's a friend of my parents.""What happened to the old one?"Ginny asked.There was an awkward silence. "He died,"said Neville at last."His name was Professor Quirrell,"Hermione added helpfully."How did he die?"Ginny asked."They didn't give many details,"Harry explained. "But apparently, it looked like something had…burst out of him."Suddenly, Hogwarts didn't seem that quiet and friendly a place after all.

My thanks again to everyone who's added this as a favourite or follow or left a review!CHAPTER THREEGinny had woken the next morning with much of the uncertainty of the previous night banished. It had, she realised, been somewhat foolish to expect Hogwarts to be some sort of paradise. It would have its problems as much as any place. But she was there and she was being given the opportunity to learn magic, and that was no bad thing.She dressed and headed downstairs, where her resolve to look on the bright side was immediately tested by a familiar voice. "What are you all doing in here? If you want to get breakfast and not be late for your first lessons, you should have been gone ages ago. Great Hall in five minutes, everyone!"Ginny found herself fervently wishing to have been a couple of years older or younger. Anything for her first year in Hogwarts not to coincide with Percy's tenure as prefect. She loved him dearly, but one of the good things about not going to Hogwarts had been being away from his bossiness for a good chunk of the year.Doing her best to sidle down the stairs from the dormitories without being seen by him, she caught sight of Harry, Hermione and Neville. She wasn't sure about attaching herself to them, but Fred and George were nowhere in sight and she hadn't really had a chance to get to know any of the Gyffindors in her year. And she remembered Harry making a space for her with them the previous evening so…it was in their direction that she headed.Harry gave her a welcoming smile as she joined them, steering her into the crowd heading towards the door. "What's your first lesson?"he asked."Defence Against the Dark Arts."He nodded. "You'll enjoy that.""Not everyone enjoys the same things as you, Harry,"Hermione remarked waspishly."I enjoy it too,"Neville offered.Before Hermione could answer, the crowd of Gryffindors in front of them abruptly stopped moving. The reason for this soon became obvious: Professor McGonagall was forcing her way in from the other direction. She looked around. "Is Ginny Weasley still here?"Shakily, Ginny raised her hand.McGonagall gave her a smile that didn't quite manage to reassure. "Ah, Miss Weasley. Professor Dumbledore would like to speak with you."McGonagall led Ginny up the shifting staircases to the headmaster's office. All the way, Ginny's mind was racing with worries that something was very wrong. Maybe she'd broken some cardinal rule without realising it and was being thrown out. Maybe her being there was a mistake in the first place and she was being sent away."Liquorice shoelaces,"McGonagall announced to a large gargoyle, which swung back to reveal a door. She gestured to Ginny. "In you go, Miss Weasley."Ginny took a few steps before realising the implication of the comment. "Aren't you coming in too, Professor?""No, dear, the professor only wanted to see you. See you later!"Ginny watched McGonagall head back down the stairs, then took a deep breath and walked in. She found herself in a splendid room. There were portraits on the walls which, to her surprise, all depicted the subject asleep. She was even more surprised a few moments later when she realised they were actually snoring. She approached the desk. There was no Dumbledore in sight. What they was was a breakfast tray, with a mug of tea, a plate of toast, croissant and jam, and a bowl of porridge."I wasn't quite sure what you liked,"explained a voice behind her. She turned and saw Dumbledore coming down a set of stairs. "I was aware this meeting would cut into your breakfast time so I took the liberty of ordering in. If you'd like something else, I can always call for a house elf to get something.""Er, no, this is fine,"Ginny promised. At a gesture from Dumbledore, she took a seat and then started buttering the toast.Dumbledore sat opposite her and smiled fondly. "You're definitely a Weasley. I know your family of old. I must admit I've thought a lot about you these past eleven years, hoped that you were all right. You were?""Um, yes, Uncle Keith and Aunt Mel are very nice.""Good, good. And you're settling in at Hogwarts? I know you said you were keen to come here when we met over the summer…""I think so. I've spoken to a few of the children in my year. And I got talking to some of the Gryffindors in the year above."Dumbledore's next words were spoken slowly and deliberately. "Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom.""And Hermione Granger,"Ginny added. Something in Dumbledore's response confused her. "Why?"Ginny could tell that Dumbledore was hesitating, as if unsure if he should say something. "I'm just marvelling at the coincidence,"he said at last. "Their parents knew your parents, that's all." He got up and she followed him with her eyes, remaing seated, as he paced. "Yes, I have thought about you a lot recently, Ginny Weasley. Especially these last few months. Did you hear of the break-in at Gringotts last year?""Yes, my brother works there.""The thief was looking for something very precious. And I fear he has it. You heard that one of the professors died here?"Ginny nodded. "Professor Quirrell.""He was killed by Lord Voldemort."Ginny didn't attempt to hide her shock. "I thought that Lor…" Unconsciously, she had been echoing what Dumbledore had said. She stopped herself. "I thought people didn't use that name."Dumbledore gave a sad smile. "A very bad habit to have. Feel free to differ from it."Despite the words, Ginny couldn't quite bring herself to do so. "I thought that he was destroyed the night…the night he attacked my family. I thought I was the only one that was found alive there.""You were. Lord Voldemort's body was destroyed that night. But something survived. Something which found its way into Professor Quirrell, used him, and discarded him. And I wonder what that something was and where it is now." Disconcertingly, Dumbledore smiled. "Still! There's no reason to expect him to be anywhere near here. Eat up. You don't want to be late to class."Ginny found her way to the corridor outside the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom. One of the Gryffindor boys sidled up to her. "Colin Creevey."Ginny was already finding him irritating but there was no reason to be rude. "Ginny Weasley."Colin produced a camera and took a photo of her at point blank range, nearly blinding her. That was a reason to be rude. "What the hell?"she demanded."I wanted to prove that I'd met you,"Colin thought this seemed reasonable."Do you want a lock of my hair as well?"Colin apparently missed the sarcasm. "Could I?"Before Ginny could frame a suitable answer, the rotund man she'd seen before, Professor Pettigrew, appeared in the doorway. "Come in, come in." He waved all the students past him but when Ginny came near, he seemed to hesitate, staring at her as if preoccupied. Then he snapped out of it and followed them in. "Get out your textbooks,"he instructed. "Begin studying wand movements for defensive spells, which you will find on Page 10. There will be a practical test in a few moments." He stopped by Ginny's desk. "Ginny Weasley, I take it?"Ginny was beginning to get used to being recognised, but that didn't mean she was comfortable with it. "Yes."Pettigrew gave her a disarming smile. "A pleasure to meet you, young lady. A pleasure to see you here." His smile disappeared and he tapped her desk. "Page 10,"he said simply.The rest of the lesson passed without event. Somehow Ginny ended up walking next to Colin as they exited the class. "I think I nearly got that deflection spell last time,"he claimed. "Do you want to hex me and see?"Ginny's hand was inching towards her wand when she thought better of it. "We don't want to be late for the next class,"she offered at last.But that thought disappeared as the first years rounded the corner. A crowd of students, seemingly from all years and houses, were blocking the corridor. For some reason, they were all looking at a wall. Ginny found Luna near the back of the crowd. "What are we looking at?"Luna pondered the question for a moment. "Well, I'm looking at the backs of the people in front of me. They might be doing the same."Ginny looked around again and saw Harry, Hermione and Neville a few paces in front of them. She pushed her way to their side. "What's going on?"Harry pointed. "Take a look."Ginny was now close enough to see the writing on the wall which sent a chill down her spine. THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN OPENED BY THE HEIR OF SLYTHERIN. ENEMIES OF THE HOUSE, BEWARE.

Thank you once again for the follows and reviews!CHAPTER FOURIt wasn't until some time later that Ginny realised she'd lost track of Luna in the confusion. With most of the school having things other than lessons on their minds, it didn't take much for her to slip away and find her friend. Luna was sat in the courtyard on her own and looked somewhat surprised to see the other girl approaching. "Hello, Ginny. Were you trying to find me?"Ginny sat down next to her. "I wasn't sure where you'd gone. Or why you'd gone.""There were a lot of people there who seemed to be upset. I didn't like it so I thought I'd find somewhere quiet."Ginny didn't like to question Luna but there were things her friend might know about the magical world that she didn't. "Did you see that message? Do you know what it is, the Chamber of Secrets?"Luna pondered the question."No,"she said at last. "I might ask my father. He knows lots of things that other people don't know. Things that other people believe don't exist."Ginny looked round at movement and saw Harry, Hermione and Neville approaching. "Are you two all right?"Harry asked.Ginny nodded, before finding herself in the odd position of being the one doing the introductions. "This is Luna. She's in my year. Luna, this is Harry, Neville and Hermione from my house."Luna smiled at the three newcomers before nodding to her friend. "This is Ginny Weasley. She's very nice and very famous. You might have heard of her."To Ginny's surprise, Harry looked at Luna seriously. "I have, yes. Thank you for introducing us." Luna beamed."Have any of you heard of this Chamber of Secrets?"Ginny asked."Hermione was just telling us about that one,"Neville revealed."I don't know much,"Hermione admitted. "I've read everything there is to read about Hogwarts… everything official anyway. There are only vague references to the Chamber of Secrets. It's almost treated like a legend, something no-one is entirely sure exists. Maybe they don't even know what it is."Ginny's attention was drawn to another new arrival. Dumbledore was standing at the edge of the courtyard, his gaze on them. The others noticed her looking and turned round, seeing him as well. "Is he looking at us?"Harry wondered.Dumbledore seemed to fix on Ginny, and then beckoned. "Looks like he wants to talk to you,"Neville noted redundantly.Ginny moved away from the others and went over to Dumbledore. He also seemed surprised to see her there, although she suspected very little truly surprised him. "Ah, Ginny. I take it you have heard talk of the Chamber of Secrets?""Not much,"Ginny admitted. "No-one seems to know much about it."Dumbledore nodded sagely. "Voldemort had trouble finding out about it as well. He took a lot of interest in the Chamber when he was a student at Hogwarts. He may even have found it."Ginny felt herself tense up. "You think he's the one that left that message? That he's opened it?""Possibly. And yet, if my theories about what Voldemort is and what he is doing are correct, this would not seem to fit the pattern. There may be more going on than might first appear. I think both of us should keep our eyes and ears firmly open."Ginny tried to concentrate on her lessons but it was difficult for her to think of anything else but the message, something that seemed to be true of many of her classmates as well. She was in Transfiguration class, sat next to Luna. They were supposed to be trying to transform a hairbrush into a mouse trap, but most of their time was spent in whispered conversation that mostly consisted of Luna telling her the stories she'd heard of the Chamber from her father. Several of them seemed to involve a creature called a boggle-eyed newt that the Ministry was apparently breeding an army of in secret.Professor McGonagall let out an exaggerated sigh. "Really, class, this is a very simple spell. Is there not one of you who can manage it? Is there nothing I can do to help you focus your minds?"Almost without thinking, Ginny blurted out,"You could tell us about the Chamber of Secrets." Seeing a look of thunder cross the professor's face, she hastily added,"Because everyone's got it on their minds and if we got some answers then maybe we'd be able to think about the lesson."McGonagall expression changed from angry to resigned. She looked around the class. "Is everyone in agreement with Miss Weasley?" There was a series of cautious nods. "Very well. Wands down and listen." She took a deep breath. "In truth, I know very few facts about the Chamber of Secrets. There are only rumours and legends. As you know, Hogwarts was founded by the four witches and wizards after which the houses are named. Three of them believed it should be open to anyone with magic. However, Salazar Slytherin believed it should only be for those from wizarding families, not for muggleborns. He believed they did not understand the wizarding tradition and, if taught magic, they could be a threat to the established order. The story goes that he had a plan put in place for if the time ever came when the muggleborns did become the threat he perceived. He had a chamber hidden in the school and in it he placed a creature that would only obey him…or possibly his heirs. A creature he could unleash if needed."Ginny looked around the classroom. There was rapt silence. She looked over at the muggleborn boy Colin, she thought of Hermione…could anyone truly see them as something to be wiped out?Colin was obviously thinking along the same lines. Nervously he asked,"But this was hundreds of years ago, right? The creature couldn't still be alive?""It is possible,"McGonagall conceded. "There are magical creatures who live that long. And there is something else. Fifty years ago, the Chamber was apparently opened. A muggleborn girl was killed. It is believed that the creature contained in the Chamber was hunted down and killed."Ginny picked up on the implication. "But it might not have been?""That I do not know." McGonagall tapped the desk with her wand, signalling the end of the conversation. "Now…work."

Thank you again for all the favourites, follows and reviews!CHAPTER FIVEGinny had a few minutes before her next class. It was one she had been looking forward to and yet she found herself in no hurry to get there. She was leaning against the wall in a corridor, her mind swirling with the thoughts she'd been having ever since McGonagall had told them about the Chamber of Secrets. Absently, she fingered her scar. If what Professor Dumbledore had said about Voldemort being involved turned out to be true…Then what? She might have been credited with stopping Voldemort once but her only contribution had been not dying. If he was coming back (and somehow she knew deep down that he was), what could she do about it? Yet somehow it felt that she had to do something, that they were somehow linked.She was so lost in thought that she didn't notice the large figure that had stopped in front of her until he had been there for several seconds. Pettigrew frowned at her. "Ginny, why aren't you getting on to your next class?"Answering the question seemed horribly complicated, so instead Ginny asked one of her own. "Professor, what do you know about the creature that escaped from the Chamber of Secrets?"Pettigrew seemed thrown. "Perhaps I should walk you to your next class and we can talk as we go."Ginny nodded in agreement and fell into step with the teacher. "Well?""Ginny, you have to undestand I wasn't at the school at the time. It was long before I was even a student here. There are some who were here then and I have heard stories. The most common story seems to be that it was a giant spider, an acromantula."Ginny shivered. "But it was destroyed, right?""Possibly. Some say it's still out there, in the Forbidden Forest."Something wasn't adding up, Ginny knew that. "But either way, it wasn't still in the Chamber of Secrets. So if it's been opened again…"Pettigrew laughed nervously. "Oh, my dear, I shouldn't worry too much about that. No doubt some student with knowledge of the school's macabre history playing a rather cruel prank. Now, what was that lesson of yours?"Flying. Ginny had often dreamed of flying. One of her biggest regrets about living in the muggle world was that there had been no opportunity to practise on the quiet. If they had been somewhere more secluded, then she'd have been sneaking off with her brothers' brooms no matter how much they tried to lock them up. But flying out of the window of a flat in London would have attracted too much attention, and the one time she had had a quiet word with Uncle Keith about it she had been shut down flat. Her brothers often spoke about how liberated it made them feel…except for Percy, of course. He was too straight-laced to enjoy anything that non-academic."In order to ride your broom, you must first be able to summon it,"Madame Hooch declared. "All of you, reach out your hand above your broom and call it to you."Ginny had an odd mental image of being required to call out "Broom!" but she waited, hand poised but making no other move. She saw students around her silently causing the brooms to their hand. So that was what you were meant to do. She saw Colin screwing his face up in concentration. Whilst trying to avoid doing the same, she nonetheless concentrated hard on the broom."Don't try so hard, Miss Weasley,"Madam Hooch instructed. "Let yourself feel it."Ginny was annoyed at being singled out but followed the instruction anyway. The broom glided into her hand. She saw other students mounting theirs and followed suit."When you're ready, use your connection to instruct the broom to rise,"Hooch continued.Ginny thought hard, then relaxed and tried again. She found herself rising up into the air, until it occurred to her that continuing to go upwards could be hazardous at which point she levelled off, somehow knowing to do that too. It was like the broom was a part of her. She had never felt more at peace…until she heard the sneering words of one of the Slytherins, Harper. "Showing off, are you, Weasley?"Angry at having her peace interrupted, Ginny glared at him and then dived at him on the broom. Harper gave out a yelp and dropped like a stone, only just regaining control of his broom in time. Madam Hooch blew shrilly on a whistle. "Everyone behave, or the class will end instantly."Despite the warning, Ginny couldn't help smiling at her triumph. The smile faded a little when she caught sight of three figures walking along the grass below: Draco Malfoy and his two hangers-on, Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy's gaze was fixed on her, his expression murderous.Somehow, Ginny ended up lingering at the end of the lesson. She wasn't sure why and wondered if maybe she wanted something to happen. If that was so, she got her wish. Just as she had finished storing her broom, she turned to find Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle standing there. "Think you're so smart, don't you, Weasley?"Draco sneered.Ginny sighed. "Is there a problem, Malfoy?""Yeah, there's a problem. The problem is blood traitors like you. In fact, that's too kind a term, isn't it? You're practically a muggle. You don't know a thing about being a witch so don't try and pretend otherwise.""Have you got lost, Malfoy?"asked a voice from behind the three Slytherins. The threesome turned round and Ginny could see Harry and Neville standing there, wands aimed at Goyle and Crabbe. Hermione stood a little behind them, hand on wand."Coming to Weasley's rescue, Potter?"Malfoy asked scornfully."We're just making sure you don't need your friends to help you,"Neville replied.Malfoy faltered, then the sneer was back in place. "Course I don't. I can take her on myself."Even though she was grateful for the intervention, Ginny was left in a tight spot. She didn't know enough about magic to take on Draco in a duel or anything. But then she realised she didn't need to: Muggles could deal with bullies without magic. As Draco turned back to her, off balance, she gave him a shove, sticking her foot out for good measure so he fell backwards and landed with a thud and a squeal.A black book fell out of his robes. Ginny bent to pick it up but Draco was on his feet instantly, snatching it from her hand. "Get off that, you little…" He stopped, as if worried he'd given something away. "Come on, let's go,"he snapped at Crabbe and Goyle, leading them off across the field with as much dignity as he could muster.Harry, Neville and Hermione went over to Ginny. "What was that about?"Neville wondered."I don't know,"Ginny replied. "But there was a name on that book. It said 'This is the diary of Tom Marvolo Riddle'. Do you know who that is?""No,"Harry admitted.Hermione thought for a moment. "I read the name in the Hogwarts History. He was Head Boy here about fifty years ago.""How do you remember that?"Harry asked incredulously.Hermione looked at him in a matter of fact manner. "I told you. I read it.""Fifty years ago?"Ginny asked. "Around the time the Chamber of Secrets was last opened?"Hermione was suddenly flustered. "Well, yes, I suppose he would have been a student then."Ginny looked after the departing Slytherins. "I wonder if Malfoy knows anything about that."

Thank you for the favourite, follows and reviews!CHAPTER SIXSomehow the fuss seemed to be dying down. At least that was how it seemed to Ginny as she walked to her next class. It had been weeks since that message had first appeared and most people seemed to have reached the conclusion that it had been nothing more than a rather tasteless prank. In a sense, she was relieved. She hadn't wanted her first year at Hogwarts to descend into a cataclysm of mayhem and death.Her relief faded when she saw Harry and Neville running down the corridor towards her. They could have just been heading to their next class of course. But something about the intensity of their expressions told her it was more than that. For a moment, she thought they were running to her but they went straight past. "What's wrong?"she called after them."It's Hermione!"Harry called over his shoulder. "She's in the hospital wing!"It still might not have been anything serious, of course. A backfiring charm, an exploding cauldron… something that could be sorted with a few potions. It didn't seem that way though. So Ginny ran after them.When they found Hermione, it was clear that her problem would not be solved with a few potions. She was lying on her back, eyes open but staring sightlessly at the ceiling. Her body was rigid, her arms locked in position. Ginny waited at the foot of the bed, allowing Harry and Neville to stand either side of their friend. "What happened?"she asked."She's been petrified,"explained Madam Pomphrey, who had been standing behind her. "There are treatments, cures, but we don't stock them as standard. They will have to be brewed and that will take some time.""Will she be all right until then?"Ginny asked.Pomphrey hesitated. "We think so. I'll leave the three of you alone.""Alone,"Ginny repeated after Pomphrey had gone. "Where was she?""She'd gone to the library,"Harry explained. "She thought she had an idea about what the monster in the Chambers of Secrets was. She'd heard stories about what happened fifty years ago.""There's something in her hand,"Neville realised."Why didn't the teachers notice?"Ginny wondered as Neville prised it out of Hermione's frozen grip."I dunno, maybe they thought they shouldn't disturb her.""So should we disturb her?"Neville gave a sheepish grin. "Probably not." But he had already pulled a scrap of paper out of the hand. He read it. "This is Hermione's writing. There's loads of names crossed out. Except one. Basilisk.""What does that mean?"Ginny asked.Neville shrugged. "Hermione's the one that usually gives the explanations.""It's a rare magical creature,"Harry explained. "Its gaze can petrify." He paused before adding,"It can sometimes be fatal."Before Ginny could question further, Professors Dumbledore and McGonagall entered. McGonagall looked with annoyance at the trio. "What are you three doing here? I wasn't aware classes had been cancelled.""I suspect their presence may be more therapeutic to Miss Granger's than ours, Minerva,"Dumbledore observed mildly. "Nevertheless, the point is well made. There are visiting hours after lessons.""We'll go,"Harry agreed.Neville didn't want to leave it at that however. "Professor, we found this in Hermione's hand." He handed over the sheet. "I think she thought the creature was a basilisk.""A!" Dumbledore's face twisted into a grimace. "Of course, I should have recognised the signs fifty years ago. And Slytherin, with his unusual gifts, perfectly suited to controlling it.""Why isn't Hermione dead then?"Ginny asked. "Like the girl fifty years ago?""She mustn't have looked at it directly,"McGonagall realised. "If she had…It doesn't bear thinking about.""Thank you, all of you, this has been most useful,"Dumbledore noted. "But you should get off now. We'll let everyone know if there are any precautions that need to be taken."Ginny, Harry and Neville had exited the infirmary in a sombre mood. "How long do you think it'll be until Hermione's all right?"Neville asked nervously. "I mean…she is going to be all right?""Of course she will,"Harry snapped, in a tone that suggested he didn't want to think of the alternative."Ssh, both of you,"Ginny interceded. "I can hear something." She bent down by a wall. "There's a voice in the pipes. I can just make it out. Must obey the master. Must destroy the enemies of the heir."Harry and Neville had bent down with her but just looked confused. "All I can hear is a hissing,"Neville offered."Yes, it's a hissing voice,"Ginny agreed. "Sort of snakelike."Harry and Neville paused, looking at her with something that resembled concern. Ginny suddenly felt very uncomfortable indeed. "You don't speak parseltongue?"Neville asked.Ginny shrugged, confused. "I don't even know what that is.""It's the ability to talk to snakes,"Harry explained. "Or creatures similar to snakes…like a basilisk. If we're just hearing hissing and you're hearing words, it might be that.""You speak parseltongue?"came a voice a little too close. The trio turned to find a group of second year Hufflepuffs standing there."What if I do?"Ginny asked. "And who are you anyway?""I'm Ernie Macmillan,"the speaker replied. "And parseltongue is something associated with dark witches and wizards."Ginny looked to Harry and Neville for support but she could see from their expressions that they had been thinking the same. But instead rescue came from another source. "Well that's just silly." Luna strode confidently over to the group, standing at Ginny's side. "If parseltongue is only spoken by dark witches and wizards, then how can Ginny speak it when she's so very nice? Obviously, anyone can speak it."Fred and George stepped to her side as well. "Oh, I don't know,"Fred mused in a rather mocking tone. "Our Ginny's got a bit of a temper on her. Gave me a right bruise once when I took one of her peppermints. What do you say, George?""You are absolutely right, Fred,"George agreed in the same tone. "I think we may be in the presence of the new Dark Lord.""Dark Lady,"Fred offered."I stand corrected. What do you think, Ernie?"Ernie had reddened somewhat during the performance. "I think I may have spoken a bit too hastily. I'm sorry, Ginny."Fred nodded approvingly. "Most sensible thing you've said all minute."Luna took Ginny's arm. "Come on. Let's get to class."

Thank you again for the follows, favourites and reviews! I am doing this mostly from memory, so if there's a few ideas that seem right to me, they go in.CHAPTER SEVENErnie Macmillan might have been easily convinced that Ginny wasn't responsible for everything bad happening in the castle, but unfortunately the same didn't apply to other people. Or perhaps it would have done but they felt it was too good a story not to spread around. The next few weeks were characterised by looks and whispers and sometimes even comments to her face. It didn't help that most of her staunchest defenders were either in different houses or different years. Luna stuck up for her in class when she could but they didn't always share classes with Ravenclaw. And that was where the trouble often came.Ginny sat in Defence Against Dark Arts class acutely aware that most of the Slytherins, and a few of the Gryffindors for that matter, were shooting her looks that ranged from suspicious to mocking. Even Colin had had to try very hard not to jump out of his skin when she sat down next to him."Professor, is it true that whoever controls the monster in the Chamber of Secrets would need to speak parseltongue?"Harper asked, a lot louder than necessary.Pettigrew looked rather irritated. "Have we not exhausted that subject by now, Harper?""It seems like there've been some new developments these last few weeks. So, would they?""That is one theory. Now, if you'll turn to your books…""How many students at the school can speak parseltongue, Professor?"Ginny found herself wishing Pettigrew would shut Harper up. But for some reason the teacher seemed too uncomfortable to assert his authority. "I am not aware of many,"he admitted."I'm only aware of one."Most eyes in the room switched to Ginny. Pettigrew cleared his throat. "As interesting as this subject may be, it will not be included in your end of year exams. Maybe we could switch to something that will?"The subject didn't come up through the rest of the lesson and Ginny tried to make a quiet exit afterwards. She had expected Colin to take the opportunity to get away from her but to her surprise he stuck her to her side as they left the room. "Better stay away from her, muggleborn,"Harper noted. "She's here to get rid of your sort."Colin turned on him. "If that's right, how come she's the one that's nice to me and you're the one giving me a hard time?"Ginny found herself smiling slightly. "Maybe it's you we should be asking questions, Harper. Know a lot of snakes, do you?""Not as many as you, Weasley,"came a female voice from behind her. Ginny turned and found a gaggle of Slytherin girls there. At their head was Pansy Parkinson from the year above her. "Not so much fun being the Girl Who Lived now, is it? Not when you're starting to look a little dark.""Maybe that's why You-Know-Who didn't kill her,"Harper suggested. "Knew she'd take over where he left off.""You don't know what you're talking about,"Colin snapped.Pansy laughed. "Ooh, got yourself a boyfriend, Weasley?""And how's your boyfriend, Parkinson?"asked Harry as he and Neville forced their way through the crowd to join Ginny and Colin. "Still hiding out?""Draco isn't hiding,"Pansy replied defensively. "He's just a bit under the weather.""Must be the thought of having to spend time with you,"Neville suggested.Pansy glared at the pair murderously. "You'll keep,"she declared before she and her entourage moved on. A quick glare from Harry sent Harper and his friends scurrying in the other direction.Harry turned back to Ginny. "You all right?"Ginny nodded. "Yeah. Thanks. You too, Colin." She did appreciate their kindness but it wouldn't be enough to shield her from everyone's attention. She could only think of one thing that would. "I'd like to be alone for a while,"she declared as she hurried away.There was only one way Ginny could think of to be alone. Flying. Unfortunately, there was only one way for her to fly…which is why she ended up breaking into the school supply room and stealing a broom.The fear of being caught was always on her mind as she soared above Hogwarts playing field. But somehow she managed to push it far enough to the back of her thoughts to relax, just a bit, while remaining constantly vigilant about the prospect of someone spotting her. It was a chance to get away from the constant questions and suspicions, the constant expectations of being the Girl Who Lived. A chance to simply be Ginny Weasley for a bit.But only for a bit. She knew her little break from reality couldn't last long. Reluctantly, she made for the ground. Grasping the broom in her hand, she headed towards the equipment shed.Which was when a hand touched her on the shoulder.Ginny spun round, hoping to see a friend there. Her worst fear had been being caught by a teacher. Finding herself face to face with Draco Malfoy wasn't much of an improvement."Malfoy, what do you want?"she asked irritably.It was then that she realised there was something different about him. He didn't look friendly by any means, but there was none of the usual sneers and taunting. Instead he looked pale and waxen, and was staring at her with a silent intensity."Petrificus totalus!"The spell came with so little warning that Ginny had no chance to dodge or block, or even to reach for her wand. All she could do was to topple backwards, frozen in position, and then silently panic as Draco cast a levitation spell and floated her after him.

Thank you for the follows and reviews!CHAPTER EIGHTSomewhere along the way, Ginny had blacked out. She only realised this when she came to and found herself lying on her back amidst pools of water. She struggled to her feet and looked about her, taking in a large chamber full of ornate stone carvings. She looked around for Draco Malfoy. She'd been expecting to find him standing over her, gloating, explaining an evil plan to open the Chamber of Secrets and kill her and all her friends.But when she caught sight of him, he was lying on the ground, still. She moved cautiously over and found his skin cold, his eyes unseeing. No breath, no pulse… Ginny lurched back in horror."Yes." The voice came from behind her and she turned to find an older boy she'd never seen before, wearing Slytherin colours, approaching. "He's dead. A pity, in a way. He would have been a useful servant in the future. But there are many more like him. Enough for an army."Ginny didn't know who the boy was but she increasingly suspected she didn't like him. "Who are you?""For the moment, call me Tom Marvolo Riddle."Ginny gaped at him. "I've heard of you. You were a pupil here fifty years ago. How can you be here now, looking the same age? Are you a ghost?""I might have been once, but not anymore.""Malfoy…Draco, he had your diary."Riddle nodded. "The diary was the key. In it, I preserved a part of myself fifty years ago. Draco found the diary and I spoke with him. At first, everything he said pleased me. His understanding of how we need to dominate our inferiors. But then he started telling me about you. The stuck-up Weasley girl. The one who everyone credits with the downfall of Lord Voldemort, just because you didn't die with your worthless parents. When I heard that, I knew I had to meet you. That's why I had Draco bring you here. His last act of service for me. Except for dying, of course."Ginny was getting an uncomfortable feeling. There was something almost familiar about Tom Marvolo Riddle. "What do you care about Lord Voldemort?" It took her a moment to realise she'd actually used the name. Somehow it didn't seem important anymore.Riddle gave her a knowing smile. He waved his wand – Draco's wand, she realised – and the words TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE appeared in the air. Another flick and the letters rearranged themselves into I AM LORD VOLDEMORT. And then Ginny knew. This boy had grown to be the monster that had killed her parents, two of her brothers and countless others. It was no wonder life meant nothing to him."I used the name even then,"he explained. "Being Tom Riddle held no interest for me. I knew I was destined for greater things. I was the heir of Slytherin.""It was you that opened the Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago,"Ginny realised.Riddle nodded. "I wish I could have done more then but people were asking too many questions and I wasn't ready to reveal myself. I shifted the blame to Rubeus Hagrid. He kept a giant spider as a pet, what did he expect?""And now? Who opened it now?""Draco Malfoy, under my instructions. He was so eager to be a part of it. It was so simple to take his body and soul until I lived again. Now I can do it all myself and finally cleanse Hogwarts of all the traitors and weaklings.""Where is the Chamber of Secrets?"Ginny demanded.Riddle smiled his most malicious smile. "It's here. You're inside it."Ginny's heart was racing. She looked round furtively at the shadows, remembering what she'd been told about what was in the chamber. "The basilisk?""Here somewhere. Would you like to meet it?"Ginny wasn't sure how she could answer. But before she needed to, she heard running footsteps and a cry of "Master, wait!"Ginny thought she recognised the voice but it was still something of a shock when Peter Pettigrew came into view. But any hope that he was there to rescue her disappeared when she took in his words and the way he seemed to almost prostrate himself in front of Riddle. The once-dead boy looked coldly at the teacher. "I know you."Pettigrew nodded. "Peter Pettigrew, master. Please, you need to stop this. Plans are already in place for your return. By acting on your own like this, you risk exposing us."Riddle went on as if Pettigrew hadn't spoken. "The boy Malfoy spoke of you. He knew that you had aided me. And he knew what your assistance had led to. That it was you that had brought about my downfall! That it was you who sent me to the home of the girl that night!"Ginny's hopes had been momentarily raised at Riddle's previous sentence, as she wondered if maybe Pettigrew had been working against Voldemort after all, but were dashed at that one. Pettigrew had sent Voldemort to her home? It was because of him that her parents and her brothers had been killed? She hoped there was some mistake but Pettigrew's response made it clear there wasn't."Master, I thought I was serving you, I…I thought the girl was a danger to us…"Riddle spoke in a hiss that Ginny realised was parseltongue. "Kill the rat."Ginny heard movement behind her and felt a chill as a shadow loomed over her. She tensed and averted her eyes as the basilisk moved past her towards Pettigrew. And then… Despite everything he'd done, Ginny couldn't help but feel a twinge of pity as Pettigrew was caught in the basilisk's gaze. For a few moments, he gaped and gagged, as if trying to form words, to beg for mercy. Then he was frozen in places, his skin becoming grey and lifeless, until finally he dropped to the floor, dead.Riddle gave a smile of sadistic pleasure before turning towards her. "And now, Miss Weasley, as pleasing as it has been to share all this with you, I think it only fitting that I do what my adult self couldn't. Get the girl."The last words were spoke to the basilisk. Ginny kept her gaze away from it, refusing to meet its eyes, but she knew that would only give her a few moments. Sooner or later she would be forced to look at it, or it would find some other way of harming her. But then she realised. Parseltongue. Voldemort was not the only person who could speak it."Don't listen to him. You're just a tool to him."Riddle stopped as he heard the words. So too did the basilisk. He had obviously been completely unaware that she could speak to the basilisk too. But it was only a moment's hesitation. Soon he was trying to get control again. "Ignore her. Obey me. Kill her."A part of Ginny knew what she was about to do was wrong, that she should try to find another way, but the cold and casual manner in which he treated life made her furious. If this really was an aspect of Voldemort, of the monster who had attacked her family, then she couldn't feel any pity or mercy for him. "Don't let him use you. Don't be controlled. Free yourself. Kill him."And with that, the basilisk lunged at Riddle. Again, he was caught by surprise, not suspecting that someone else's will might be stronger than his or more determined. He tried to raise his wand but the basilisk lunged at him, seizing him in its jaw, crushing him. As he died, his body exploded, some sort of light escaping from it and then dissipating.For a moment, Ginny relaxed, but then the basilisk turned towards her and she quickly looked away. "Be at rest. Your job is done."But the basilisk didn't listen. Maybe it was enraged, or filled with bloodlust, or just lashing out at anyone who could tell it what to do, but it kept coming. Ginny dived aside, rolled, grasping her wand as if somehow a few first year spells could stop the creature. She had no idea what to do to stop the basilisk. And if she didn't think of something soon, she knew she was going to die.

Thank you for the favourite and reviews! Sorry the chapters are a bit short but that seems to be the length I write to.CHAPTER NINEGinny looked around desperately, searching the chamber as thoroughly as she could without looking at the basilisk. She tried desperately to find anything that could help her…and to her astonishment there it was, lying in the water. She'd still been clutching the broom she'd used when Draco had petrified her and it had remained in her grip as she'd been dragged down there. Somewhere along the journey she'd passed out…and at some point the spell had worn off and the broom had fallen from her grasp. And there it had lain, ready for her salvation.Ginny held out a hand, letting the magic flow through her as it had in the flying lesson, and the broom flew towards her. She quickly mounted it and took off. The basilisk snarled and pursued her. Ginny went as high as she could and then she spotted an opening. She darted through it.Ginny found herself moving through a large tunnel but she could hear a scrabbling behind her. The basilisk was hindered by its large size but it was still managing to force its way through. If this tunnel was a way out, she might be leading it straight back into the castle.But before she could think through the consequences of that, the tunnel widened out and there, to her astonishment, she found Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout and, even more astonishingly, Harry and Neville.Quickly, she clambered off the broom. "What are you all doing here?""Your friends were concerned about the fact you were missing,"Dumbledore explained. "A search found a large hole had appeared in the floor of the second floor girls' bathroom. It was felt that it warranted investigation."Ginny was grateful but she quickly remembered a more pressing matter. "Professor, the basilisk, it's right behind me!"Dumbledore instantly became businesslike. "Everyone look away from it." They did as instructed and he conjured a large mirror which floated in midair in front of them."So, if we see the basilisk in the mirror, that's perfectly safe?"Neville asked nervously."Oh no, it's not safe at all,"Flitwick replied helpfully. "It's just less dangerous.""On no circumstances should you look the basilisk in the eye,"McGonagall added. "Even the reflection is enough to petrify you."Everyone had their wands pointed behind them, aimed back down the tunnel. Ginny joined them even though she still had no idea what to do.Then they caught a glimpse of the basilisk and suddenly the air was alive with spells from the four teachers. "Reducto!" "Confringo!" "Expulso!" "Bombada!" Next to Ginny, Harry and Neville were casting Impediment Jinxes. Suspecting that any little would help, Ginny joined them.Even a creature as strong as a basilisk couldn't stand up to an onslaught of such violent spells in such a small space. It let out a loud roar of pain as explosions destroyed much of its body, then fell, dead.Somehow it had come down to just Ginny and Dumbledore in his office again. Ginny had told him everything she knew and everything she saw: The deaths of Draco Malfoy and Peter Pettigrew and their role in Voldemort's schemes, and the apparent resurrection of the young Tom Riddle and his own swift demise. When she had finished, Dumbledore looked thoughtful and reflective. "Young Tom Riddle was a brilliant student in many ways. To hide a part of himself away in his old diary, a part that was capable of having a life of its own… How utterly ingenious and how utterly diabolical. If it had not been for you, we might now be dealing with two Voldemorts."The idea had occurred to Ginny, but now that the danger had passed, she was more concerned with what she had heard. "Professor. Riddle, or Voldemort, or whoever he was, said that it was Pettigrew who sent him to my home that night…the night my parents were killed and my two brothers. Do you know what that means?""I suspect I do." Dumbledore had the look of someone about to unburden a terrible secret. "Do you know why Voldemort came to your house?""I've asked but no-one seems to know."Dumbledore nodded sadly. "An agent of Voldemort, Severus Snape, overheard a prophecy. It spoke of a child who would become Voldemort's equal, with the power to vanquish him. Snape did not hear all of the prophecy so Voldemort had difficulty identifying the child. As a result, we had no idea where he might strike, what he knew. But then you were born, a seventh child, a special magical number. It would seem that Pettigrew was working for Voldemort all along. He told him of you and he told him where to find you.""If he hadn't…" Ginny trailed off, thinking of what her life could have been like, if her parents had lived, if she'd grown up with them, if her other two brothers had survived. She'd often thought about Ron, barely a year older than her, if they would have been close if they'd grown up together. But if it hadn't been her, it might have been another child… It was so confusing. "The way he died was horrible." Ginny wasn't sure if she was pleased about that or not. Dumbledore gave no response. "And what about Snape?""Severus Snape is in Azkaban. As a follower of Voldemort, he is unlikely ever to be released. As for Voldemort himself, his whereabouts remain as much a mystery as ever."He paused."There is something else bothering you.""Why do I speak parseltongue?"Ginny asked,"Like Voldemort did, or does?""The two things are not unconnected. When Voldemort tried to kill you, he left a part of himself behind in you. That was what gave you the ability."Ginny swallowed hard, trying to take in the news, what it meant for her. "That's what the sorting hat meant, why it considered placing me in Slytherin. It sensed the part of Voldemort in me.""Exactly." Dumbledore smiled kindly. "But as recent events have proved, a part of Voldemort is no match for all of Ginny Weasley."

Thank you for the favourite, follow and reviews!CHAPTER TENGinny once again found herself standing at the foot of the bed as Harry and Neville stood either side of Hermione. The older girl was beginning to recover from her petrification. Once she had reached a high enough level of consciousness, she looked at her two friends in a panic. "Harry, Neville, I worked it out: The creature in the chamber is a basilisk!""It's okay,"Neville assured her. "We know."Harry looked fondly back at Ginny. She was surprised how much she liked him looking at her like that. "Ginny stopped it."Ginny blushed a little as she stepped forward into Hermione's eyeline. "It wasn't really me, I had a lot of help.""Oh, okay, you didn't stop the basilisk,"Harry agreed. "You just stopped You-Know-Who. Again."Ginny had filled the pair in on the full story of what had happened in the chamber. She could see Hermione's mind was whirling with questions. "It's a long story,"she told her. "The main thing is, if it hadn't been for you finding out about the basilisk and leaving us that clue, I wouldn't have known what to do."Hermione nodded, as Neville helped her into a sitting position. "Well, I'm glad no-one was seriously hurt." She saw the awkward expressions on their faces. "They were? Who?""Draco Malfoy,"Neville explained. "He's dead. Not the basilisk, something else. That's part of the long story.""And Professor Pettigrew,"Harry added. "Who, it turns out, wasn't the good friend my parents thought he was.""That was the basilisk,"Ginny continued. "Somehow I can't bring myself to feel sorry for him though. Everything that happened to my family was his fault."Hermione seemed to be coming up with more and more questions as they talked, but before she could articulate some of them, Madam Pomphrey appeared. "Miss Weasley? The headmaster would like to see you again."Ginny walked into Dumbledore's office with a certain amount of nervousness. It wasn't caused by Dumbledore, who she seemed to be getting on quite well with. It was something else, some feeling about what else was going to happen. "You wanted to see me, Professor?"Dumbledore eyed her with a calm gaze. "I am expecting a visit from Lucius Malfoy, Draco's father."Ginny nodded. "And you want me out of the way?""No. I want you here when he comes."Ginny's heart leapt into her mouth. "Professor, I can't!"Dumbledore's tone was kind but serious. "Ginny, twice now Lord Voldemort has come after you. You should know by now that you cannot always rely on others to protect you. There are things that you need to know for your own safety. And meeting Lucius is a good start." He gestured for her to take a seat next to his desk, pointedly in line with it so they were both facing whoever came in together.They did not have long to wait. A tall long-haired aristocrat-looking man entered, his features and fair hair making the connection with Draco obvious. "Dumbledore,"he greeted the professor, making it sound like a curse."Lucius,"Dumbledore replied mildly. He gestured to Ginny. "You are familiar with Miss Ginny Weasley."Lucius' lip curled slightly as he faced her. "By reputation. Hers and her family's." Ginny shrank away slightly as Lucius turned back to Dumbledore. "My son is dead, Dumbledore. Dead while in your charge. The Malfoy family may well die out without him. I demand an explanation.""I grieve the loss of your son, Lucius,"Dumbledore replied. "For reasons far different to yours, perhaps. He was a promising student. I had hoped that Hogwarts may have guided him down a path that could have saved your family."Lucius' tone was scornful. "Saved them?"Dumbledore placed an object on the top of the desk. Ginny realised it was the diary that she had seen with Draco, Tom Riddle's diary, Lord Voldemort's diary. But something had happened to it. The centre of the book was twisted, burned and distorted. "This was in Draco's possession, Lucius. An object full of the darkest of magic. He came under its influence and it led him to his doom. I fear that, at first at least, he welcomed its influence. Do you know how it came to be in his possession?"It was subtle, but suddenly Lucius did not seem as confident as he had done before. But his determination barely faltered. "I have never seen that object before.""It is my belief it was the work of Lord Voldemort. It was his influence that caused your son's death. If I am right, it is by no means the last remnant of his power. A power that will burn all those who try to share it."Lucius' expression was cold. "If the Dark Lord does return, Dumbledore, then I suspect you will feel pain to match that which my family feels now. You and Miss Weasley."The school year slid to a close. Every now and then someone would ask Ginny about what had happened in the chamber. She told them as little as possible. The fact there had been a basilisk there was common knowledge. On the subject of Draco Malfoy, she simply said that he had been placed under a spell that had made him open the chamber and then killed him. Of Tom Riddle, she said nothing.On the last day of school, Dumbledore addressed the assembly. "I am aware there have been many questions about the events of this year. The answers to them are not understood fully. But there is one thing I want to tell you. I want to talk to you about Lord Voldemort."There was a murmur around the hall. Ginny looked about her, seeing concerned faces. She looked over at Draco Malfoy's old cronies. They didn't seem sure whether to be pleased or not."It is well known that Lord Voldemort was defeated nearly twelve years ago. Some say he was destroyed at the time, some say not. There is a strong chance that the events of this year, the opening of the chamber, the attacks on students, and the deaths of Draco Malfoy and Professor Pettigrew, were down to some plan of his. The ministry are aware of this and are investigating. It is to be hoped that we have some answers before the next school year."The last meal was eaten in silence and Ginny and the other students traipsed down towards the Hogwarts Express. There was no segregation by year this time: Ginny found her newfound friends mixing up with her. "We'll write to you,"Harry told her. "And we'll see you next year.""I'll see you next year too,"Luna added. "I don't think I'll write though. Dad and I will be on one of our expeditions I think. I doubt if we'll see any basilisks though, you're very lucky.""Move along there,"Percy instructed loudly.Fred and George came to Ginny's side. "Well, what did you think of your first year at Hogwarts?"Fred asked."Nice, quiet and uneventful?"George suggested."It was…interesting,"Ginny said guardedly."Well, maybe next year will be different,"Hermione said cautiously.Ginny kept quiet. After what she had seen, she somehow doubted it.

As ever, thank you for the favourite, follows and reviews!CHAPTER ELEVENThe summer dragged slowly. Ginny's first real immersion into the wizarding world had been scary and exciting. In a way, it had been everything she had hoped it would be. In another way…well, she wouldn't have minded it being a bit less scary. Since underage magic wasn't allowed, she hadn't been able to practice any of the spells she'd learned over the holidays. Fred and George had encouraged rule-breaking of course, but there was no way Percy was going to approve that and Uncle Keith and Aunt Mel had followed his lead.And so she had to be patient until the day she joined her three immediately older brothers on the journey to Platform 9¾. After heading through the barrier with them, she quickly scanned the platform and picked out the figures of Harry, Neville and Hermione in the midst of a group further down. She quickly hurried over. "Hi, how are you all?""Good, thanks,"Harry answered.It was then that Ginny noticed the tall bespectacled man standing alongside him. The resemblance was instantly obvious but he spelt it out anyway. "You must be Ginny Weasley. Since my son isn't going to introduce us, I'm James Potter." He gestured to the pretty, kind-looking woman next to him. "This is my wife, Lily.""I'm pleased to meet you, Mr. Potter,"Ginny replied politely."I'm glad to see you're looking well. We had some quite odd reports about you at the aurors' office.""She's not here to be interrogated, James,"Lily pointed out.James seemed to back off a bit at the admonishment. "No, of course not. Sorry, Ginny.""That's all right,"Ginny said quietly. Although the introduction had been somewhat abrupt, she was glad to meet Harry's parents."I suppose you're fed up of everyone wanting to talk to you about your family,"Lily suggested."It does seem to be what I'm most famous for,"Ginny mused. "It's not that I don't like talking about them but...""It's not the easiest thing to discuss,"Lily acknowledged."And it would be hard of you to have to face up to it all again,"James added. "Dumbledore's been telling us that You-Know-Who might have been involved. Do you know anything about that?"Ginny looked nervous. "Well, I know something...""Perhaps we should get on the train,"Hermione suggested quickly."Sounds like a good idea,"Neville agreed,"You coming, Ginny?"Ginny was grateful for the intervention. She had gone over what happened in the Chamber of Secrets many times with Dumbledore and with her friends. She didn't fancy it again. "It was nice meeting you,"she told the Potters before falling into step with Harry as they boarded the train."Sorry about that,"Harry remarked as the four of them settled into a carriage. "Dad has trouble leaving his work behind sometimes.""It's fine,"Ginny assured him. "But how much does he know anyway?"It was Neville that answered. "I think Dumbledore made a report to the Ministry. According to my parents, they're not sure if they believe You-Know-Who was behind it, but with a teacher and a student dead, they have to admit something happened.""Lucius Malfoy's been kicking up a stink,"Harry continued. "He's insisting Draco's death was down to Dumbledore's poor leadership.""I read in the Daily Prophet that they've accepted Professor Pettigrew was a supporter of You-Know-Who?"Hermione asked.Harry nodded. "He seems to be getting most of the blame for abducting Ginny and setting the basilisk loose. They're saying Draco got caught in the crossfire.""But that's not true,"Ginny protested. "Pettigrew only came in at the end and he talked about Voldemort having some sort of plan."Harry shrugged. "That's bureaucracy for you. Even my parents don't seem to be able to get a straight answer about anything."Luna appeared in the doorway of their compartment. "Hello. Can I sit with you? I can't find anyone else that likes me.""Take a seat,"Ginny agreed. She moved to sit beside Neville, letting Luna have her seat near Harry. Hermione was hunched in the corner."So have you heard the stories about new security at Hogwarts?"Luna asked. "My father says that they're going to place an army of dragons at the gates who incinerate anyone that tries to get in. Or out.""I don't think anyone would do something that foolish,"Hermione replied. Then she noticed the awkward looks Harry and Neville were giving. "Would they?""Well, I have heard rumours,"Neville attempted.Hermione looked like she was going to answer, then she stopped and shivered. "Is anyone cold in here?"Ginny realised Hermione was right. The temperature in the compartment had dropped considerably. There was a thin mist encompassing the corridor outside. Even more frightening, there were shapes inside it. Shapes out of a nightmare, hooded and cloaked with grasping fingers. As they passed the youngsters' compartment, one of them seemed to reach out to her……and then she couldn't see the compartment any longer. It was as if she was in mist. She saw flashes of the previous year, of Draco Malfoy lying dead, of Professor Pettigrew being destroyed by the basilisk's gaze, of Tom Riddle in its jaws. And then something else, something she could barely make out through the mists, green flashes, and a voice full of hate that somehow, even though it bore little resemblance to the younger version of him she had encountered, she knew was Voldemort: "Which of them is the girl?"Then she was back on the train. The creatures had moved on. Harry, Hermione and Neville looked ashen. Luna, who she had never known show any emotion other than curiosity before, was quietly sobbing, muttering "Mum…""What were those?"Ginny demanded."Dementors,"Harry replied. "The guards from the wizard prison Azkaban. They're the new security at Hogwarts."

Thank you for the favourite, follows and reviews!CHAPTER TWELVEGinny stepped off the Hogwarts Express feeling decidedly shell-shocked. Having a basilisk about had been bad enough. Having Dementors about had to make Hogwarts even more dangerous.Whereas the previous year she had been taken across to the castle by boat, here she and the other second years followed the older students down a track to where a set of carriages were waiting. Pulling each of them was a skeletal horse-like creature with a rather sinister appearance. "What are those?"Ginny asked."Carriages,"Harry said simply."No, pulling them."Ginny realised Harry and Hermione looked blank. Neville cleared his throat. "They're threstals.""I've heard of them,"Hermione realised. "They're invisible unless you've seen someone die." She suddenly seemed to realise she was being indiscreet. "I'm sorry,"she said quietly."I was at my grandad's when he died,"Neville explained. "I didn't see much but…enough."Ginny once again flashed back to the bodies littering the Chamber of Secrets. "I saw enough too." As the three older students went on ahead, Ginny fell into step with Luna. The blonde-haired girl had made no reaction of surprise, which didn't always mean anything because very little surprised her. "Can you see them?""Oh yes,"Luna replied calmly. "I saw my mother die in an accident about three years ago."Ginny recalled Luna's reaction to the Dementors. "That's what you saw on the train."Luna frowned. "Yes, it was very upsetting."Ginny hesitated. "When the Dementors were with us...I think I saw my mum die too."Luna cocked her head in a curious manner. "I thought you were only a baby when your mum died.""I was. But I was there. I've never remembered anything about it, no-one really knows what happened, but…I think being around the Dementors brought it out. What I saw. Just a flash."Luna looked at her uncertainly for a moment, then took her hand. Ginny smiled and let Luna help her into a carriage.During her first year at Hogwarts, Ginny had spent a lot of time with Dumbledore, probably more than most students had. Yet she had never seen him looking as uncomfortable as he did now."The ministry are continuing to investigate the events of last year which led to the deaths of a professor and a student. They have come to some conclusions about who was responsible." Significantly, Dumbledore didn't give his opinion of the conclusions. Ginny suspected he didn't share them. "While some consider the matter closed, they have admitted that some of those involved may still be at large. For that reason, they have chosen to station Dementors around Hogwarts." Dumbledore didn't make any attempt to hide his distaste. "They should not come onto school grounds and are merely to keep an eye out for intruders. However, it is advised that you keep your distance from them. Dementors do not tend to be very particular about how they treat people." He gave a sudden smile that seemed a little too forced. "And now we eat."Hermione had been scanning the teachers' table during the speech and nudged Harry. "Who's the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher?"Harry gestured to a thin-looking man sitting near the end. "Him. Remus Lupin." He gestured to a smiling bearded man further along. "And that's Sirius Black, the new potions teacher. Professor Burbedge retired.""They're not old friends of your parents, are they?"Ginny asked, recalling Pettigrew.Harry looked awkward. "Er, yes, actually."Before Ginny could form a suitable response, an older boy appeared behind Harry. "You ready for quidditch tryouts, Harry? Don't want to go into the season without my star seeker.""I'll be there, Oliver,"Harry assured him."Are they open to everyone?"Ginny asked. "Because I'm interested in playing this year."The boy looked surprised but quickly recovered. "You're a second year, right? Yeah, we'll have a look at you if you come along. Wednesday afternoon from two o'clock." He moved on.Fred and George both leaned across the table. "Did we just see you talking to Oliver Wood?"Fred asked."Nah, that can't be,"George answered before Ginny could. "No-one ever talks to Oliver on purpose.""I don't know, George. I think we could be in for a treat.""Have you played quidditch before?"Harry asked. He had volunteered to escort Ginny to the tryouts and she'd been more than grateful to have a friendly face at hand.Ginny took a deep breath. "No,"she admitted and saw Harry's expression change to one of concern. "But I did a lot of broom practise last year,"she added quickly. "I mean, I outflew a basilisk. That's got to count for something, right?"Harry didn't look very optimistic. "Let's hope so,"he said at last."Ah, Harry,"Oliver greeted them. He hesitated as he saw Ginny. "Second year girl?"he attempted.It was just Ginny's luck to be faced with the one person in the school who didn't know her reputation. From what she'd heard, Oliver didn't pay attention to anything that didn't involve quidditch. "Ginny Weasley."Oliver glanced over to where Fred and George were hitting each other with bats. "Another one. Just what I need. What position were you trying out for?"Ginny hadn't actually thought that far ahead. She thought quickly about the games she'd seen the previous year. She didn't have the build for a keeper or a beater, and there was no way she could take the seeker position off Harry. That just left… "Chaser,"she said quickly.Oliver nodded. "Wait over there. I'll call you when we're ready."Ginny found herself standing with a group of mostly older students and began to suspect this might not go the way she'd been hoping. She steadied herself. There was always a chance. Eventually, it was her turn. She mounted her broom and was thrown the quaffle. As it came at her, she fumbled, only just managing to catch it. She threw it to another girl in her group, then dived down. The ball was thrown in her direction and Ginny stuck out a hand to catch it but it sailed past her.The problem was soon obvious. Ginny was a skilled flyer but had never played with a ball before. She could get into good positions but had trouble catching and throwing. In the end, Oliver called a halt to the test session. When he read out the names of the people he wanted to see again, Ginny's wasn't among them."You did well for a first time out,"Harry offered as they walked away afterwards. "Angelina and Alicia have been on the team for years and Katie was pretty good last year. There's no shame in not being as good as them."He was trying to be kind and Ginny knew he was right. But it increased the feeling that it really wasn't going to be her year.

Thank you for the favourite, follows and reviews!CHAPTER THIRTEEN"Ginny, where are you going?"Normally, Ginny appreciated Luna's attention. It showed that the other girl cared. But when she was attempting to sneak off, Luna's tendency to notice things that other people didn't could be a bit of a barrier. Ignoring her wasn't an option however, so she turned round and tried to look as innocent as possible. "I just wanted a bit of fresh air.""Aren't you hungry?"The prospect of skipping a meal wasn't entirely a happy one. Ginny knew she would be hungry later on. But doing it now meant most people would be inside and she wouldn't be missed. "I'll eat something later,"she declared.She'd hoped Luna would let it drop at that. But she continued to fix Ginny with a gaze that suggested she was seeing more than she appeared to. "You really don't want to get into trouble, you know."Ginny couldn't help feeling alarmed at that. "Trouble?""If you miss lunch."Ginny struggled to come up with a better excuse. "I have some work to catch up on,"she attempted.Luna clearly didn't look happy but at that moment Ginny spotted three familiar figures further down the corridor. "Harry!"Harry, Neville and Hermione came over. "Hi, Ginny,"Harry greeted her. "Do you want to eat with us?""No…I was just wondering if Luna could."Harry shot Luna a quick glance. "Yeah, of course, if that's what she wants."Luna gave a polite nod. "Thank you, Harry. That's very kind. I can see why Ginny likes you.""Aren't you joining us?"Neville asked Ginny."No, I want to take a walk outside,"Ginny explained."Do you want company?"Hermione asked.Ginny shook her head. "I'm fine. You go ahead." Before anyone could question her further, she headed off down the corridor.Ginny was risking being expelled. She knew that. Worse, she didn't even know why. Sure, she had been disappointed to be rejected for the quidditch team. But it wasn't the end of the world. Yet somehow her failure had become a sticking point. Another sign of how her life wasn't what it could have been, because that life had been taken from her when Voldemort attacked her family.And that was why she broke into the locker, took a broom and a quaffle and headed out to the quidditch pitch.In truth, she could have done with someone to practise with, but she didn't have many options. Harry might have helped if she'd asked him, but she didn't want to get him into trouble. Fred and George were never bothered about breaking rules but they were more likely to tease her than agree to help her out.And so she flew around the quidditch arena on her own, throwing the quaffle about and then trying to catch it herself. She aimed it at the goals and actually managed to score a few times, although it helped not having a goalkeeper.And then the air became cold.At first, Ginny didn't think anything of it. The sun had disappeared behind the clouds or a cold front had moved in. Even the mist didn't bother her at first. Until she caught a glimpse of the Dementors, gathered at the edge of the Hogwarts grounds but close enough to affect her.The pitch had vanished. Hogwarts had vanished. All she could see was mist. And then the green flashes. That voice, that hated voice. "Which of them is the girl? Tell me, woman!" A woman's voice (her mother?) screaming hysterically "No, no, no!"And then the blessed release of unconsciousness. Ginny was aware of falling but somehow it didn't seem so bad…She came round to find herself lying flat on her back on the grass. Two figures looked down at her with apparent detachment. "Fred,"remarked George,"I do believe we're heroes.""I think you're right, George,"Fred agreed. "Saving Ginny's life with that cushioning charm like that.""We should tell the teachers. And the ministry. And the press.""They'll probably give us medals."George pretended to think for a moment. "Problem is, if we do that, they'll probably ask what we were doing here.""And what Ginny was doing here.""So we should probably stay quiet."Ginny had sat up during the exchange and now struggled to her feet. "Thank you. Um, what are you doing here?""Saw you weren't at lunch,"Fred explained."Knew that as our sister you'd be up to no good,"George added."So followed you out here. What happened anyway?""Dementors,"Ginny replied. "I saw…I think I saw…the night our parents died." Fred and George looked as serious as she'd ever seen them. That was quite scary. "I know you've told me some of it before but… what do you remember about that night?""You have to remember we were only three,"Fred pointed out."Don't really remember it that well,"George added."Just Dad coming to our room, telling us we had to get out.""Told us to use the floo.""So all of us older boys ran for it.""Mum was getting you and Ron.""And You-Know-Who was there." Fred shuddered slightly. "Gruesome.""Dad tried to fight him." George shook his head. "That wasn't much good. He was no match for him.""But it meant us boys could get to the floo,"Fred added."Then he fired a killing curse at us. Killed Charlie.""But Bill had the floo powder and a moment later we were gone.""And then?"Ginny prompted."Went to the Order,"George replied. "To Dumbledore. Told him what was going on.""He sent people,"Fred added. "Went with them. But it was too late.""Only you were left alive. You-Know-Who was gone."Ginny nodded slowly. "So the only people who saw what happened in that room…are me and him."

Thank you for the favourites, follows and reviews!CHAPTER FOURTEENGinny watched from the stairs as Harry, Hermione and Neville headed towards the exit. None of them looked back at her. She didn't blame them. Hogsmeade visits for the third year and up. Ginny, of course, as a second year, was not included in that. So while her friends all had permission slips signed by their parents, she was left behind."I'm still here if that makes you feel any better."Ginny looked round and saw Luna standing there, smiling calmly. She cursed herself for her thoughtlessness: She hadn't even though about her other friend."So am I,"added Colin, poking his head out of an unused classroom.Ginny smiled at them both. "Yeah, of course, sorry." She took Luna's hand and dragged her into the room where Colin was waiting."Are we going to play a game?"Luna asked.Colin pulled out a pack of cards. "Exploding snap?""Deal them out,"Ginny confirmed.Playing snap with three people requires a little more concentration than with two, since which pile you place your card on differs with each round. Luna soon found herself out of cards, as she tended to be distracted whenever two cards the same came up. Ginny and Colin were left to battle it out but finally Ginny managed to grab the last cards."Another game?"Colin asked cheerfully."I'd like to,"Luna agreed. "But I think those two gentlemen in the doorway might want to talk to Ginny."Ginny spun round and found Sirius Black and Remus Lupin standing there. Both looked as awkward as she felt."What Luna said,"Remus noted.Ginny followed the two teachers into an office. "Cup of tea?"Remus asked.Ginny calmly took a seat. "No thank you."Remus poured himself one. He glanced at Sirius, who looked faintly disgusted and, taking a flask from his pocket, poured himself a glass of something that he probably wouldn't be drinking if he had any classes that day."So, what have you heard about us?"Sirius asked.Remus rolled his eyes. "Direct, as usual.""I find it's the best way.""Harry said that you were friends with his parents,"Ginny noted.Remus nodded. "We are. Good friends."Sirius was obviously keen to get to the point again. "And I imagine from that you have deduced that we were also friends with Peter Pettigrew.""It had crossed my mind,"Ginny confirmed."We were friends with Peter,"Remus admitted."The rat,"Sirius said scornfully.Ginny looked at him with a small amount of suspicion. "Voldemort called him a rat as well."Sirius and Remus exchanged a glance. Ginny wasn't sure it was meant to convey. Maybe simply surprise at her using the name. Maybe something else."Well, we certainly didn't get it from him,"Sirius insisted."But we do perhaps know the reason for it,"Remus added. "Peter Pettigrew was an animagus."Ginny had heard the term. "He could transform into an animal?"Remus nodded. "A rat.""I've never heard that. Do many people know?""Just a few of us,"Remus replied. "The old crowd from when we were all together at school here." He sighed. "He was a good friend in many ways.""Apart from the bit where he betrayed us all to the worst monster we knew just to save his own skin," Sirius added in the same scornful tone as before."There is that,"Remus conceded."But how could you be friends with him?"Ginny asked.Remus hesitated. "We were flattered."Sirius rolled his eyes. "Oh, Moony, you're not going to get into some dull psychoanalysis, are you?""I'm just trying to explain." Remus turned back to Ginny. "There are some people who choose their friends by identifying the person who has the most power and deciding it would be in their best interests to stand behind them rather than get in their way. Peter was one of them."Ginny tried to follow the logic of this. "And at one point, that was you?""I suppose it was, yes,"Remus agreed. "But then he decided he would be safer getting in with Voldemort. And so he betrayed us and betrayed your parents."Ginny found herself surprised this time at the use of the name but did her best to hide it. "Why are you telling me this?""So you know that we were friends with the person we thought Peter was, not with the person he actually was,"Sirius answered."And so you know you can trust us,"Remus concluded.Ginny looked from one to the other. She wasn't sure if she knew that at all.

Thank you for the favourite, follow and reviews!CHAPTER FIFTEEN"Hey, do you know who that is?"Neville asked.He was looking out of the window of Gryffindor Tower. Ginny, Harry and Hermione all came over to join him. An important-looking figure was coming across the grass towards the school."He looks kind of familiar,"Hermione mused. "I'm sure I should know…""It's Lucius Malfoy,"Ginny answered. "Draco's father."Harry nodded. "Yeah, that's right. I saw them together in Diagon Alley a few times. How do you know him?""I ran into him at the end of last year. After Draco was killed. I'm not sure that I made a particularly good impression on him.""He does look very unhappy,"Luna remarked. "I suppose that's understandable with his son being killed like that. But he doesn't look sad exactly. More angry. Would you say murderous?"Everyone turned and looked at her. They hadn't even realised she was with them. "Should you be here?"Harry asked.Luna cocked her head. "That's a very odd question, Harry."Harry redenned slightly. "I mean…aren't you in Ravenclaw?""Oh yes, that's right. But I wanted to see my friends and you were all here. So I asked Colin for the password."Ginny gave her a quick hug. "We're very pleased to see you, Luna.""Yeah, of course." Harry quickly changed the subject, looking at the rest of the group. "So why do we think Malfoy's here?""Causing trouble, I expect,"Hermione noted.Neville nodded in agreement. "I've heard he's been causing loads of trouble in the Ministry. Trying to blame Dumbledore for Draco being killed and get him sacked.""Minister Fudge wouldn't do that, would he?"Hermione asked."He might,"Harry admitted. "The Malfoys are really in with him. But he's reluctant to interfere with Hogwarts."Ginny looked thoughtful. "I've got an idea to do some interfering of my own. Luna, how good are you at spying on people?"Luna reached into her pocket and took out an extendable ear. "Would this be any use?""Perfect."Lucius prowled around Dumbledore's office like a caged animal, an expression of fury on his face. "Draco's death was down to your mismanagement, Dumbledore.""I wish I could have prevented it,"Dumbledore replied. "But the events that led to it were not of my doing.""So who do you blame?""The official story, as you well know, is that Peter Pettigrew, a follower of the fallen Lord Voldemort, opened the Chamber of Secrets and Draco was one of his victims.""That is not what happened,"Lucius snapped."As we both know,"Dumbledore agreed. "But I suspect you would not like the truth of what happened to emerge. That Draco became involved in dark magic. That it was he who opened the Chamber of Secrets before that magic consumed him. I blame Voldemort for Draco's death, Lucius. Him and all those foolish enough to assist him.""Enough!"Lucius roared in anger.Dumbledore stood, his eyes blazing with cold fury. "It is not enough, Lucius! We both know that Lord Voldemort is still at large and may even have regained his full strength. If that is so, he would contact those who followed him in the past. He may even have done so already. Does the loss of your son not warn you of the dangers of continuing down this path?""It only reminds me of why I do not choose to rely on such as you,"Lucius replied smoothly, but with a hint of bitterness in his voice. "So take care. You and all those who choose to side with the weak. Soon, your time will be over and our time will come."Ginny had been loitering at the door. Lucius' exit took her by such surprise that she could do little except straighten up and try to look respectful. "Mr Malfoy."Lucius shot her a look of pure scorn. "Ginny Weasley. Clever little Ginny Weasley. Survived when my son did not. I wonder however how long you would survive if you had to face the Dark Lord again?" His voice dropped to a whisper, filled with venom. "Because you will."

Thank you for the favourite, follows and reviews. Bit longer between updates this time. Sometimes it's hard finding time to write but I promise it will never be very long.CHAPTER SIXTEEN"What does it feel like being famous?"Luna asked.Ginny stopped walking and looked at her friend. They had decided to take a stroll near the quidditch pitch during a break from lessons. The question would have been an odd one from someone else but from Luna it was practically normal. She took a moment to think about it. "I don't suppose it really feels like anything. I feel like me and it's up to everyone else what they think I'm like.""That makes sense." Luna nodded casually ahead of them. "Do you think they know who you are?"Ginny followed Luna's gaze and saw three figures stalking towards them. It was Pansy Parkinson, leading Crabbe and Goyle. All of them had their wands out, if lowered. It didn't bode well. "They probably have some idea,"she agreed.Pansy waved her wand in Ginny's face. "It's time to have a word about what you did to Draco.""I didn't do anything to him!"Ginny insisted."He's dead, isn't he?""Voldemort killed him, not me."Pansy scoffed. "Like we're going to believe that fairy story. It was you that opened the Chamber of Secrets, the only student that can speak parseltongue. Draco found out and you killed him.""That's not it at all…""What do you think they want?"Luna asked casually, looking up into the sky.Ginny had been so focused on Pansy that she hadn't noticed how dark the sky was getting, or how cold it was. But now she noticed. She looked up and saw the sky full with Dementors. Before anyone could react, they plunged down on the five students.And then Ginny was back there, being pulled from her crib by her mother. Her mother looked scared and Ginny felt scared too. She could hear shouts and see flashes of spells from elsewhere in the house. Her mother took her in one arm and Ron in the other. "It's okay,"she said quietly. "We're all going to get out of here."And then the door was thrust open and the most horrifying thing Ginny had ever seen was standing there, a man with misshapen features and harsh staring evil eyes. He took in the scene. "Which of them is the girl?" Molly quaked but said nothing. "Tell me, woman!""No!"Molly shouted defiantly but the refusal did nothing to deter Voldemort. With a cry of "Avada Kedavra!", he unleashed a curse…at Ron. Ginny's brother fell limp.Molly let out a shriek of horror and then realised what would happen next. "No, no, no!" She turned away from Voldemort, shielding Ginny's body with her own, placing her down on the crib. There was another cry of "Avada Kedavra!" and then Molly's body was a dead weight on top of her.Voldemort rolled Molly away, looked down at Ginny with those evil eyes and prepared to cast the curse a third time…"Expecto Patronum!"The spell pierced Ginny's gloom and it took her a moment to realise it had been cast in reality. She looked up from where she had been lying on the ground and saw two patronuses, a dog and a wolf, chasing the Dementors away. Luna lay near her. She seemed less upset than the first time they'd encountered Dementors. Maybe she was getting used to it. Pansy was sobbing. Even Crabbe and Goyle looked shocked.Sirius and Remus came over and looked down at them. Sirius sighed. "We have really got to tell the headmaster about this."Luna, Pansy, Crabbe and Goyle had all been sent back to their common rooms after a quick check-over in the hospital wing. But as was often the case, Ginny found herself sent to the headmaster's office."Every effort is being made to keep the Dementors away from the school,"Dumbledore noted. "I am sorry that you have had so many upsetting experiences with them.""It seems like they keep coming after me in particular,"Ginny observed."That may well be the case,"Dumbledore admitted. "The particular memory you keep experiencing appears to be rather appetising to them. I understand you saw more this time.""I did, yes." Ginny was reluctant to go into it but suspected Dumbledore had a good reason for asking. "I remembered the whole thing. How my mother died, how my brother died."Dumbledore spoke with caution. "Would you be willing to tell me?"So Ginny told him everything. "I remember my mother lifting us both up, me and Ron. Then Voldemort was there. He demanded to know which of us was the girl, which was me. My mother wouldn't tell him so I guess he chose at random, or decided to kill both of us to make sure. So he killed Ron. My mum tried to shield me so he killed her too. Then he tried to kill me. I guess we know what happened then. Does that help you?""Yes,"Dumbledore said quietly. "A great deal. It makes it clear to me what happened, why you were saved. Your mother could have told him what he wanted to know. It might have saved her life, at the cost of yours. Instead, she chose to save you, at the cost of her own life. That selflessness, that love, acted as a shield to protect you from Voldemort's smell."Ginny struggled to make sense of this. "If she hadn't, she might still be alive. Ron too. My brothers could have grown up with a mother.""If she hadn't, she could have died anyway,"Dumbledore replied. "If not that night, then another. Your brothers as well, and many other innocents. Voldemort's body would never have been destroyed if not for her action. His campaign of terror would have continued, at great cost. And we would not have Ginny Weasley here with us."Ginny nodded slowly. She understand that. But the fact so many of her family had died because of her was still hard to deal with. "Does that help you?""Possibly. More to the point, I hope it will also help you."

Thank you for the favourites, follows and reviews!CHAPTER SEVENTEENGinny looked around the common room and picked out the person she was looking for: Harry. He was even on his own, which was exactly how she wanted it. She went over to the seating area and sat down close enough to him that he really couldn't ignore her. "Can I talk to you?"she asked.Harry looked at her with a slight amount of bemusement. "I guess so.""How well do you know Professor Black and Professor Lupin?""Really, really well. My parents have known them since they were all at school together. They've been coming to our house for as long as I can remember."The declaration should have made Ginny feel better but there was still that niggling feeling at the back of her mind. "Like Professor Pettigrew?"Harry hesitated. "Yeah, I guess so. Sorry, I suppose that wasn't as reassuring as I thought it'd be.""Did any of you ever think anything was wrong with him?""I wish I could say we did,"Harry sighed,"but Peter was just like a friend of the family. Maybe not that close a friend, but he was someone that had been at school with them. But the others...Sirius has always been the fun one. And Remus, he's always been kind to me."Ginny tried to put her thoughts into words. "They saved me and Luna from the Dementors. That should be a reason to trust them but…I don't know. I guess I'm finding it hard to really trust people.""Well, you trust me, don't you?""I know but you're…" – Ginny struggled to think of a way to put it – "…Harry,"she concluded at last.Harry smiled slightly. "Look, Peter Pettigrew hung around with my parents, and with Sirius and Remus, a lot, I know that. But he was never quite the same as them. He was…distant, I guess. Like he wanted to be with them out of status rather than because he actually liked them. My dad says that's why he ended up helping You-Know-Who."Ginny nodded slowly. "Harry, you and the others accepted me as your friend straightaway, so I trust you. I guess I should trust them as well. I mean, you're right, Professor Pettigrew was always a bit nervous and reserved around me. These two have tried to be friendly. Maybe I should give them a chance."Ginny headed for the DADA teacher's office and knocked on the door. "Professor Lupin? Are you there?" She hesitated and listened. There was definitely movement inside. "Professor Lupin?" Not getting any answer, she pushed the door open.Remus was crouched on the floor. He looked terrible. And more than that, he looked frightened. He glanced up at his visitor. "Ginny. Ginny, you shouldn't be here.""I'm sorry, it's just, I wanted to say I'm sorry, for avoiding you and Professor Black.""That's quite all right, Ginny, but it might be best if we discuss this later." Remus waited for a moment, as though expecting Ginny to leave. When she didn't, his tone became more insistent and panicked. "Ginny, will you please go now?!"Ginny didn't understand what was bothering the professor, until a shaft of moonlight came in through the window, catching Remus. And then something began to happen to him. His face and body began to shift. His eyes looked piercingly at her, almost pleading. "Ginny, don't be afraid…" But then he was no longer capable of speech. His face changed, gaining a snout and a row of teeth as hair sprouted throughout his body.Ginny was looking at a werewolf.She'd never seen one before of course but she'd heard stories, of them attacking people, passing on their infection. She was suddenly terrified beyond belief and worried that everything she'd feared about him was right after all.She ran.Ginny was in such a panic that she didn't even know where she was going or what she was doing. She just knew that she had to get away, to put as much distance between herself and the werewolf as possible. She ran through the school corridors, which were mostly empty, ignoring the few questions from students and teachers that she passed. Pansy Parkinson was standing blocking the exit to the school, with Crabbe and Goyle, and looked at her with a sneer. Whatever insight she'd gained from her experience with the Dementors was obviously long gone. "What's the matter, Weasley? Has your new basilisk turned on you?""Professor Lupin's a werewolf!"Ginny shouted, barging the older girl out of the way and heading out the front door. She raced down the pathway, away from the school, and found herself disappearing straight off the grounds and into the trees beyond.She stopped, struggling to gain perspective. No-one was following her. She had a momentary vision of the werewolf tearing through the school, devouring students, but logic told her that Professor Lupin had been at the school for months and this couldn't be the first time he'd transformed. There must be something in place to stop him harming people. Except she'd interrupted this time. Could something have gone wrong?Ginny shivered. It was cold. But that didn't make any sense. The sun might have set but it was a warm day. She shouldn't be shivering.Then pieces began to fit together in her mind. She was outside school ground. And outside school ground were…Ginny looked up and found a sight even more terrifying than a werewolf. The sky was full of Dementors. Before she could do more than give a shriek, they swooped down on her. Their mist surrounded her again but she didn't see memories this time. Instead, she just felt the life being sucked out of her…

Thank you for the favourites, follows and reviews!CHAPTER EIGHTEEN"Leave her."The command seemed almost absurd. Ginny doubted the Dementors would obey such a simple command. Except, to her astonishment, they began to move back away from her, as though clearing a path. But any relief she immediately felt vanished when she saw who they were clearing a path for. There was a man and a woman there. The woman had unkempt hair and looked at her in a malevolent manner. The man was younger and seemed to have a rather haughty air about him. And standing in between them was the most horrifying thing she had ever seen.He was simply a man but that description didn't seem to do him justice. His features were all wrong, as though they had been melted away. His eyes fixed her with a gaze of such hatred that they made the woman with him seem almost pleasant. In short, she was looking at Lord Voldemort."Ginny Weasley,"he said softly. "I was hoping to see you here. I had no idea of course, never dreamed, that you would be so obliging as to run straight to me. I thought I might have to rely on my Dementors to shepherd you or perhaps have one of my loyal followers infiltrate Hogwarts in order to bring you to me. But it seems you were as eager for this final confrontation as I was."Ginny was more scared than she had ever been in her life, and in the last year or two she had been scared several times. But she wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of letting him see it. "The other you said something similar.""Wash your mouth out, little girl,"the woman snarled. "There is only one Dark Lord.""Easy, Bellatrix,"the younger man said. "Don't let her get in your head.""Bartemus is right on many things,"Voldemort remarked smoothly before his voice became angry. "But does not have the right to give instructions."Bartemus bowed his head in apology. "I overstepped the mark, my lord. Please forgive me.""I know you are loyal, Bartemus. Both of you are. But be sure to remember your place." Voldemort turned back to Ginny. "I heard about your encounter with my diary. It was very precious to me and yet you destroyed it. If I hadn't wanted you dead before, I would now."Ginny had no plan. There was no handy basilisk for her to turn on this Voldemort and she doubted she would be able to convince the Dementors to change sides. The only thing she had going for her was that she could keep him talking. He seemed to like to talk. "Dumbledore said you wanted to kill me because of a prophecy."Voldemort looked suddenly interested. "You have heard the prophecy?"Ginny shook her head. "I just know about it.""A shame. That would have been information I was interested in. It might have caused me to let you live longer." Voldemort pointed his wand at her. "Now we shall end it."Ginny's hand gripped her own wand but she didn't raise it. What was she going to do, levitate a pebble at him? She hadn't had much practise in Shield Charms and she doubted anything she could cast could block his spell. So she carried on talking. "Last time you tried that on me you ended up without a body. Took you another eleven years to come back."Voldemort paused. "With the Philosopher's Stone in my possession, that might not be such an issue this time. But you are right. The process would be long and the setback would be troubling. Still, I need no spells. There is a certain satisfaction in killing you with my bare hands."He stalked towards her. Ginny tried to take a step back but the Dementors responded to her movement, making threatening moves towards her. Voldemort reached the point where he was just in front of her and stretched out a hand, gripping her by the throat.And then he screamed.He withdrew the hand and stared in astonishment at the red raw skin. Ginny didn't know what had happened but she wanted it to happen again. She reached out and grasped his hands. She saw smoke rising from them and Voldemort screamed in pain even more. Wanting to push it further, she reached up and laid a hand on his face. She felt the skin blistering at her touch and heard his screams grow louder."The Dark Lord!"Bellatrix exclaimed in horror, raising her wand. "We have to get her off him!""No, wait!"Bartemus shouted. "The Dementors!"Ginny risked a look round. Perhaps sensing Voldemort's weakness and sensing easy prey, the Dementors were moving forward. Bellatrix and Bartemus were firing off spells in their direction, forcing them back. She suspected it wouldn't last for long, but incredibly, at the moment, the Death Eaters were protecting her.Ginny let go of Voldemort, who dropped to his knees. She raced in the opposition direction from the Dementors and Death Eaters. A few yards away, she paused and raised her wand. "Expecto Patronum!" It produced a small amount of light, hopefully enough to keep the Dementors away. She saw Bellatrix and Bartemus haul Voldemort to his feet between them and harry him in the opposite direction to her. With a crack, they vanished.Ginny ran out of the forest onto the school grounds. In the moonlight, she saw a group of tall figures waiting for her: Professor McGonagall, Professor Black and the gamekeeper Hagrid. "Ginny Weasley, where on earth have you been?"McGonagall demanded. "The entire school has been talking about you.""You made quite a stir with the way you exited like that,"Sirius agreed."And what were you doing in that there forest?"Hagrid demanded. "Could have got into all sorts of trouble, dontcha know?"Ginny took a deep breath. "I need to see Professor Dumbledore right away. I've just seen Voldemort."

Thank you for the reviews!CHAPTER NINETEEN"You saw Lord Voldemort."Dumbledore's tone was mild, but the word were full of gravity. He and Ginny were the only ones present in the office, the other teachers having been asked to leave them alone. Presumably at least some of them, the ones Dumbledore trusted, would be filled in later.Ginny nodded slowly. "He had two other people with him. They called themselves Bellatrix and Bartemus.""Bellatrix Lestrange and Bartemus Crouch Junior,"Dumbledore replied. "Two of Voldemort's most fanatical followers. Both of them disappeared around the time of his fall. Attempts to search the country for them failed. It was reported that both of them had gone to Eastern Europe, or possibly South America, and had established an enclave for former Death Eaters. That they were preparing an army and waiting for Voldemort to return and lead them.""And now he has,"Ginny noted. "He said he'd used the Philosopher's Stone."Dumbledore nodded. "With it, he can produce an unending supply of immortality potion. He will require constant ingestion, but his restoration will remain complete as long as he does. You said that he had some control over the Dementors.""Yes, that's right,"Ginny confirmed. "He ordered them away from me. They listened but at the end, after he'd been wounded, it seemed like they were about to turn on him. The other two had to keep them away from him.""The Ministry has always trusted Dementors,"Dumbledore mused. "To be more precise, they have relied on them. They use them to keep their prisoners under control, providing them with a constant diet of evil memories. The Ministry believes that this keeps them loyal. But the Dementors are not loyal. They will serve anyone who gives them what they want. I believe the time has come to request the Ministry remove them from here.""They need them as guards at Azkaban though, don't they?"Ginny checked. "That's what they're there for. If they're not…""The Ministry must employ more reliable guards,"Dumbledore said simply."But if they're not,"Ginny insisted,"if the Dementors give Voldemort access, then all the prisoners there can escape. People like Snape, the man who helped Voldemort and Pettigrew attack my family."Dumbledore sighed. "Ginny, I can offer you no assurances. I can only do my best."Ginny knew she would get no further information from him. There was only one more thing that was troubling her. "What happened to Voldemort when I touched him?"Dumbledore smiled slightly. "The same thing that happened twelve years ago. The protection from your mother's sacrifice never went anywhere. It still permeates you. Once more, Voldemort was defeated by that which he never experienced and thus will never understand. A mother's love."The news that the Dementors were being sent away was the one piece of good news Ginny had taken from the conversation. Voldemort might have been taken unawares by her protection but that was just a temporary setback, she suspected. He would be back. There were still people that would help him. Maybe there would soon be more people."Are you all right?"Luna asked her, as she suddenly appeared next to her in the corridor.Ginny had given up on being surprised by Luna's appearances. She just took her presence in her stride. "I'm fine, thank you. What are they saying about me?""They say the Dementors attacked you. That's why they're being sent away.""That's part of it,"Ginny confirmed. "But it wasn't just them. Voldemort was leading them.""Oh, that's interesting. My father's had a theory about that for a long time. Maybe I'll discuss it with you some time. What are you doing now?"Ginny struggled for a moment to follow the conversation. "I was just going to the common room to study."Luna smiled. "I'll go to my common room to study then. See you later."Leaving her friend to head towards the Ravenclaw quarters, Ginny headed in the direction of the Gryffindor common room. She picked out Hermione and Neville sitting together and went over to them. "I suppose everyone's talking about me again."The pair shared awkward looks. "Not just about you,"Neville replied.Hermione shot a look back over her shoulder and it was only then that Ginny noticed Harry sitting on his own at a table. "What's wrong with Harry? He knows what happened right?""About the Dementors?"Neville asked."More than just the Dementors. I've got so much to tell you...""I'm sure we'd all like to hear it,"Hermione agreed. "But that's not what's worrying Harry right now."Ginny could probably get answers from them if she pushed harder. But it might be better just to go to the source. She turned away from the pair and went over to Harry. "Are you all right?"She had seen many looks on Harry's face over the years. But she had never had the one he was giving now directed at her. It wasn't quite that he hated her. But he looked very very angry. "You told Pansy Parkinson that Remus is a werewolf."Ginny had been so caught up in her experience in the woods that she'd almost forgotten how she ended up there in the first place. "I mentioned it, yes." She caught the implication of Harry's comment. "You knew?""Of course I know. He's an old friend of my parents, remember? He was bitten as a child, he was already a werewolf when he was in school. Dad and Sirius found out and helped hide it. No-one knew until now."Ginny had a sinking feeling. "Because of me? But there aren't any laws, right? There can't be or Professor Dumbledore wouldn't have employed him. Would he?""Laws don't matter. It's all around the school, people are sending owls to their parents. They're not going to be happy having him here. He says he's going to have to leave."

Thank you for the favourites, follows and reviews! Sorry if I'm skimping on details a bit, it can be hard to remember what you've established when it seems obvious but I'll try and keep a better handle on it.CHAPTER TWENTYWhen Ginny pushed open the door to the office, the first thing she saw was Remus packing. The second thing she saw was that Sirius was with him. That was going to make her job even harder. Quickly, she pushed that thought away. She wasn't here for it to be easy."I'm sorry,"she said. That seemed like a good place to start. They both turned to her. At least she had their attention. "I'm sorry that you have to leave and I'm sorry that it's my fault."Remus looked at her carefully. To her surprise, she thought she saw understanding in his look. "You were frightened when you saw me change, weren't you?" Ginny nodded. "For nearly as long as I can remember, when people have found out what I am, they've been afraid of me. Not many of them have apologised for it afterwards. So thank you for that.""He wouldn't have hurt you,"Sirius said acidly.Remus nodded. "Sirius here had been providing me with wolfsbane potion. Have you heard of that?""No,"Ginny admitted.Sirius grimaced. "I suppose the anti-werewolf brigade never mention that bit.""It allows me to keep my own mind during the transformation,"Remus explained. "My body changes but I remain a man in the body of a wolf. It stops me from harming people.""I don't really know much about werewolves,"Ginny confessed. "I didn't know if you were going to hurt me or not.""Sometimes it's what we don't know about that scares us most,"Remus agreed."After what happened with Professor Pettigrew last year, I was looking for another enemy in disguise. I thought I'd found it with you two. I guess I've got a lot to learn still about the magical world.""A willingness to learn is what separates you from the Pansy Parkinsons of this world."Ginny turned to Sirius. "Harry told me that you've known about Professor Lupin since you were in school. That's why you call him Moony, right?""You noticed that?" Sirius gave a smile. "Well, you're smart enough to learn anyway.""You'll have to teach me about wolfsbane next year, Professor Black.""Maybe,"Sirius replied. "Or maybe I'll teach you about werewolves instead. You see, I'll be taking over as Defence Against Dark Arts teacher. See if I can have a go at beating the curse Voldemort placed on the position.""Not many people are brave enough to use that name. Voldemort."Sirius nodded in agreement. "Certainly, no-one that follows him is.""I'm looking forward to seeing my father again,"Luna mused as she and Ginny walked down the hill towards the sidings where the Hogwarts Express was waiting for them. "But I'll miss having friends during the holidays.""Well, maybe we don't have to lose touch,"Ginny suggested. "We've got owls if nothing else.""Oh yes, that's a good idea,"Luna agreed. "How clever of you to think of it."Ginny saw Harry, Hermione and Neville further down the path. She had been avoiding the older Gryffindors ever since Harry's outburst at her and she was planning to do it again. But Harry saw her and motioned for the other two to stop. Ginny carried on with some trepidation but when she got close, she saw that Harry wasn't scowling. In fact, he looked rather contrite."I'm sorry,"he told her.Ginny was surprised and wasn't sure she deserved the apology. "Professor Lupin's practically your uncle. I get why you were angry that I hurt him.""Yes, but I should have known that you wouldn't do it on purpose. You're probably the bravest and kindest person I know." Harry's words pleased Ginny more than she expected. As did the way he hugged her afterwards."We were talking about meeting up during the holidays,"Neville put in."So were we,"Luna told him. "Or possibly just sending messages. I'm not sure.""My parents have said I can have some friends round,"Harry explained. "Neville and Hermione have already said they'd come. Why don't you come too, Ginny?" He seemed about to leave it at that, but a warning look from Hermione caused him to quickly add "And you too, Luna.""That sounds as though it would be very nice,"Luna agreed."Yes, it does,"Ginny echoed."And Harry's promised his dad won't interrogate you too much,"Hermione assured her."We've got even more to talk about now,"Ginny replied. "But I'll tell you about that later." She found herself smiling. Spending some of the holidays at Harry's with her friends. Suddenly the future didn't seem too bad after all.

Thank you for the favourite, follows and reviews!CHAPTER TWENTY-ONEGinny sat in a deckchair, looking out at the green countryside in front of her and sipping from a glass of butterbeer. It was a late August day, the sun was shining, and worries seemed a long way away.Harry sat down in the chair next to her. Ginny shot a look sideways at him. "You're so lucky getting to grow up around all this.""I guess I am,"Harry noted. "You don't really think about it when it's what you're used to.""How did your parents get a place like this?""My father's from an old pureblood family,"Harry pointed out."So was mine,"Ginny replied with a wry smile."Yeah, I guess." Harry looked embarrassed."Don't look like that,"Ginny told him gently. "I don't mind talking about them now. Muggle London wasn't too bad a place to grow up. But I'm glad to be here with friends."As if to prove the point, Hermione, Neville and Luna came over to join them. "Everything all right?" Neville asked awkwardly."You have a very nice house,"Luna said politely."Do your parents mind us all being here?"Hermione asked."Everything's all right, Neville,"Harry replied. "Thank you, Luna. No they don't, Hermione."Neville waved his wand and three more chairs appeared. Hermione gave him a shocked look. "Neville, underage magic!" She paused and examined them. "That's awfully good though. How did you learn to do that?""All the extra lessons you gave me,"Neville replied with a smile.The others took their seats. "It's nice to have friends for the summer,"Luna continued. "But we'll be back to Hogwarts soon.""Maybe we'll have a quiet one this year,"Neville suggested. "No basilisks or Dementors. Or dead teachers.""Maybe we will,"Harry echoed.Ginny paused, thinking for a moment. "I'd forgotten for a moment that Lord Voldemort is still out there."There was a silence for a moment. "Maybe he'll stay out there,"Harry suggested.Harry's parents appeared. Lily was carrying a tray of glasses. "I feel like I'm being a poor host,"she commented.Her husband James smiled at her. "You? Impossible.""More butterbeers anyone?""Please,"Neville agreed quickly."If you wouldn't mind,"Hermione added.Lily tapped two glasses with her wand and they filled up with liquid. "I'll have to go to the store to get more of this the way you and your friends are going through it, Harry,"she commented."So, Ginny, are you managing to relax?"James asked.Ginny nodded. "It's like I don't have a care in the world,"she remarked wryly.Voldemort looked over the row of masked figures in front of him. "Good. Good. I am glad you all came as summoned. Our ranks are small for now but I intend for some old friends to join us soon."Bellatrix bowed. "We will all do as you ask, lord.""Those of you who have remained in respectable circles" – Voldemort glanced over the party and saw several of them blanch or try to avoid his gaze – "will make the most of your situation. We must have those in power in our pockets…or else those in our pockets in power. We have the information about what is to happen at Hogwarts this year. That could prove most useful.""And the Dementors?"asked Lucius. "Are they still under your control?"Voldemort fixed him with a gaze. "Do I sense criticism, Lucius?"Lucius lowered his head. "No, my lord.""Good. You lost your son a year ago.""I did.""I lost something else at the same time.""Was that criticism, lord?""Merely an observation. We could blame each other, Lucius. Or we could blame Ginny Weasley. I think the latter would be a lot more productive."

Thank you for the favourite, follows and reviews!CHAPTER TWENTY-TWOGinny looked out of the carriage window as the Hogwarts Express pulled away from the station. After a few moments of staring at the countryside, she turned her attention back to Harry, Hermione and Neville. "Here we go for another year then.""It's got to be a quiet one this year though?"Hermione asked cautiously."The last two years have been pretty busy,"Neville agreed."And Voldemort is still out there,"Ginny added."But...he wouldn't actually come to Hogwarts, would he?"Hermione pushed. "I mean, actually onto the grounds. Probably wouldn't even come near after last time.""No, probably not,"Ginny conceded. "So long as there aren't any Dementors about.""No chance of that,"Harry replied. "They've all been sent back to Azkaban."Ginny was shocked. Both at what he'd said and at the casual way in which he said it. "They've what?"Harry seemed to realise he'd committed an error. "Well…you don't want them hanging around Hogwarts, do you? They kept attacking you.""They're also working for Voldemort! Did anyone think about that?" Ginny looked from Harry to Neville, who both looked somewhat awkward. "Well?"It was Neville who spoke. "Well…according to my parents, no-one's really sure about that."Ginny bristled. "They need more than my word then?""Come on, Ginny, they're not going to change the whole system at Azkaban because…""Because what?" Ginny was angry. She knew she shouldn't be taking it out on Harry and Neville but the fact they seemed to think this was all right infuriated her. "Because maybe having some of Voldemort's followers guarding some more of Voldemort's followers is a bad idea?""You did say the Dementors turned on Voldemort,"Hermione suggested cautiously. "Maybe they won't help him after all?""Maybe." Ginny lapsed into silence and no-one disturbed her. But inside she continued to seethe. This was not how things were supposed to go.Ginny had only just set foot in Hogwarts when she found herself steered away from the main party and directed up a staircase. She entered an office which had become increasingly familiar to her during her time there. Its occupant smiled benevolently at her. "Welcome back, Ginny."Normally, Ginny would have responded to Dumbledore's affection in kind. But there were things she wasn't happy about and this seemed a good place to start. "Why has no-one listened about the Dementors?"Dumbledore's face fell. Maybe this was a conversation he'd been hoping to avoid or delay. "I have been a great advocate of your position, Ginny. I have never felt the Dementors were trustworthy enough to be used the way the Ministry have. The fact we now know there is a connection between them and Voldemort makes this even more evident.""We know,"Ginny agreed. "But not many other people do, right?""They have been reluctant to believe some elements of your account,"Dumbledore admitted."So what are we going to do?""I will continue to appeal to the ministry. And rest assured that I have plans in place to combat Voldemort if that becomes necessary. But I need you as well. I need you to be on your guard, ready for anything that he might try. Can I rely on you, Ginny?""I hope so, Professor.""Good. Perhaps we should get down to the welcome feast. There may be some things that interest you."When Ginny arrived in the Great Hall, she could instantly tell something was going on. One of the main clues was that there was an extra table in the hall. The students sitting there were not wearing Hogwarts uniform. Instead, around half of them were wearing a red, rather austere uniform, and the others were wearing a pale blue and more flamboyant outfit.Ginny found her way to the Gryffindor table and sat with Harry, Hermione and Neville. "Who are they?"she asked.Neville shrugged. "Don't know. They were just there."Hermione gestured to the flamboyantly-dressed students. "Those are from Beauxbatons, the French magical academy. I think the others are Durmstrang."Neville looked at her half-bewildered, half-admiring. "Is there anything you don't know?""Why are they here?"Harry asked.Hermione looked awkward. "That would be one thing I don't know."Neville nodded towards the teachers' table. "Ssh, Dumbledore's here."Even though she had known the headmaster was on his way, Ginny turned to look with the others. "First of all,"Dumbledore began,"a welcome to all of our newly-sorted first years."Ginny had sat on Neville's left, with Harry opposite her and Hermione opposite Neville, so hadn't paid much attention to who was sat on her own left…until someone kicked her in the leg and she turned to face Colin. He gestured to the smaller boy next to him. "This is my brother Dennis. He's just been sorted. Dennis, this is Ginny Weasley."Dennis gaped at her, mouth wide open, staring at her scar. Ginny had an uncomfortable feeling he was going to ask for her autograph."Secondly,"Dumbledore went on,"a welcome to our visitors from Durmstrang and Beauxbatons." Most Hogwarts students turned to stare at the newcomers. "They are here for the Triwizard tournament, along with their head teachers, Madame Maxime and Professor Karkaroff." He gestured to a tall, sharp-featured woman and a permanently glowering dark-haired man. "One student from each of the three schools will participate in three tasks. Only students aged sixteen or over may enter and will be selected by the Goblet of Fire." He nodded to a large flaming goblet that had been set up in the corner."That rules us out then,"Neville noted.Ginny nodded slowly. "On the sidelines for once." And yet somehow, with everything that had happened the past two years, she still felt uneasy.

Thank you for the favourite, follow and reviews!CHAPTER TWENTY-THREEGinny was once more sat with her friends at the Gryffindor table. They were awaiting the announcement of the Triwizard contenders. Dumbledore stepped forward towards the Goblet of Fire and waited. A piece of paper drifted out of it into his hand and he scanned the contents. "The contender for Hogwarts is Cedric Diggory."All eyes fell on the sixth year Hufflepuff as his friends congratulated him. So did most of the other Hogwarts students, with only a handful glaring at his resentfully: Most of them members of Pansy Parkinson's cabal.Another piece of paper emerged. "The Durmstrang contender is Viktor Krum,"Dumbledore stated.Again, congratulations from the competitor's school. Ginny had heard of him of course. He'd somehow managed to become a famous international Quidditch player while still at school. With that in mind, his selection seemed almost inevitable.The final piece. "The Beauxbatons contender is Fleur Delacour."Ginny glanced across at the exceedingly attractive older Beauxbatons girl and wondered how many admirers would be secretly cheering for her. Her gaze drifted back to the Goblet of Fire. For a moment, she expected something else…but then the flame went out."So ends the selection,"Dumbledore noted. "The first task will be in two weeks.""Is something wrong?"Hermione asked Ginny.Ginny realised that the way she'd been looking must seem rather perculiar. "I guess I thought something else might happen. That…Voldemort might disrupt it somehow."Hermione gave a little laugh. "I hardly think he's going to bother with a schools competition."Unless I'm involved, Ginny thought. She'd been enough to bring him out of hiding once. She strongly suspected that sooner or later she would be again. Then again, perhaps it did sound a bit silly when she said it out loud. "Yes, I'm sure you're right."Ginny gazed rather nervously at the dragon in the pit below. The fact that the three champions were having to face dragons was rather unnerving and she was glad it wasn't her. Safety precautions didn't seem to figure that highly in the tournament's organisation.Ginny had been wondering why no-one had come and sat near her when Harry came and did just that. He did it with such purpose that she wondered if he'd asked the other students to give them space. "So… after this task,"he began awkwardly."Bit of a break,"Ginny remarked. "Second task is next term, right? I suppose they have to space them out to keep interest going.""What? Oh, yeah. But I was thinking before that. The Yule Ball?"Ginny sighed. "Another thing I'm too young for. Fourth year and above only, isn't it?""Unless they're invited by an older student."Something in the way Harry said it caused Ginny to give him all her attention. She'd assumed his nervousness was because of the dangerous magical creature curled up a few yards away from them. Suddenly, oddly, she had a feeling that it was due to her. "Yes, that's true.""So…do you fancy going with me?"He could have just been asking her as a friend, of course. And Ginny suspected there'd be quite a bit of street cred for turning up at the Ball with the Girl Who Lived as a date. But she also suspected that that didn't matter to Harry. She was also aware that he was actually quite handsome. Maybe…"Yes. Yes, I'd like that,"she agreed."Good." Harry smiled. It was a nice smile. Ginny found herself staring into his eyes.A cheer went up from the crowd around them, breaking the spell. Harry looked around awkwardly. "Did we win?"Ginny headed back up to the common room once the first task was completed. She'd have liked to have spoken more to Harry but he'd gone to see Sirius. And Hermione, obviously wanting to make up for the lack of study and homework time, had retreated to a corner with her parchment. Only a fool would disturb her in that mood…so it was a surprise when Neville suddenly sat down opposite her. "So…Yule Ball,"he began nervously. "I was just thinking, well, most people are bringing dates. And the two of us get on, don't we? So…do you want to go together?"Hermione put down her quill and sighed. "Oh, Neville."His face fell in a way that was quite heart-breaking. "You don't want to?""No, it's not that, I think it would be quite nice. It's just…someone else already asked me and I said yes.""Who?""Ernie Macmillan."That was clearly not the answer Neville had been expecting. "He's a bit pompous, isn't he?"Hermione gave a slight smile. "So am I, sometimes. I'm sorry, Neville, I wasn't expecting you to ask me."Neville looked over at Ginny. "I suppose you said yes to Harry?" Ginny nodded. Her suspicion that Harry had spoken to people before asking her was pretty much confirmed. Neville thought again. "I could take Luna…""She's going with Cedric Diggory,"Ginny replied.Neville stared at her as if she'd grown a second head. "You're joking.""I think he was trying to make a statement."Neville looked more and more bewildered. "I don't think I know anyone else." He looked around the common room and finally picked someone out. "Lavender, have you got a date to the Ball?"Lavender Brown looked surprised at being spoken to but quickly recovered. "Er, no. Seamus and Dean were threatening to have a duel to see who got to take me, so I turned them both down.""Well…do you want to go with me then?"Lavender seemed to consider this for a moment then nodded. "All right."Neville grinned. "That's one crisis averted then. You Know Who will be no problem."

Thank you for the follow and the reviews!CHAPTER TWENTY-FOURGinny smoothed down her dress before exiting out onto the landing. She saw someone coming from the direction of the fourth years' dormitory and gaped at the sight of Hermione. Her own dress was a simple affair, albeit more feminine that she was used to wearing, but her friend virtually looked like a princess. "Hermione, you look gorgeous!"Hermione blushed slightly. "Thank you." She looked Ginny over. "I guess both of us scrub up nicely.""You got dressed up like that for Ernie Macmillan?""I got dressed up like this for me,"Hermione corrected. "I don't have many opportunities."Ginny nodded. "Yes, I understand that. Are Lavender and Parvati still in there?""Believe it or not, they left ten minutes ago. I guess they've had practice in getting ready."The two of them headed down to the Gryffindor common room. Harry was waiting there, looking rather smart in his dress robes. He looked Ginny over before simply saying "Wow.""I think that sums it up,"Hermione agreed. She looked around. "Are Neville and Lavender still here?"Harry hadn't taken his eyes off Ginny. "No, they left as soon as she came down.""Oh." Hermione looked a bit disappointed. "I was hoping we could all walk down together. Oh well, Ernie's probably waiting for me outside the portal. Don't be too long!"Harry offered Ginny his arm. "Shall we?"The rest of the evening proceeded as Ginny could have hoped. She'd stood at the sidelines as the champions had taken the floor. Luna was accompanying Cedric, who seemed not to mind her eccentricities. To Ginny's surprise, Parvati was accompanying Viktor Krum. Fleur had taken one of the older Ravenclaw boys whose name she didn't know.As soon as other people began to take to the floor, Harry offered Ginny his arm. They began swaying along to the music. "I'm not really very good at dancing,"Harry admitted."I haven't had much practice myself,"Ginny replied."But I wanted to give you a good night."Ginny smiled even more at the comment. "You have done."Harry nodded over to their friends. "Neville and Lavender seem to be getting on well.""Neville's a gentleman,"Ginny pointed out. "I think Lavender appreciates that.""I'm surprise at Hermione and Ernie though. I always thought he was a bit up himself."Ginny had had the occasional run-in with Ernie in the past, especially during her first year. Other than that, with them being in separate years, she hadn't had much to do with him. "I suppose you'd know better than me. He seems to be loyal to his friends though.""Essential Hufflepuff trait, I suppose."The evening carried on. Some dances they sat out but it looked like the evening was going to go well. Then Sirius came over to their table. "Ginny, could I have a word?""I'm sorry to disturb you like this,"Sirius noted once he and Ginny had retired to an empty classroom. "I'm sure you'd rather be with Harry.""I suppose it's important, Professor Black,"Ginny offered."It might be. Has Dumbledore ever told you about the Death Eater trials?"Ginny thought about this. "I know some of the Death Eaters are in Azkaban. But I don't think he's told me anything about the actual trials.""They weren't the best organised trials in history,"Sirius added. "A chap called Barty Crouch was running them, the father of the Voldemort supporter you met back in the summer. He sent some people to jail on little evidence, while people like Lucius Malfoy who were part of the in crowd were accepted as imperiused without any charges being brought. And then there was Igor Karkaroff."Ginny looked around, almost expecting the Durmstrang headmaster to be hiding behind her. "Karkaroff? He was found not guilty, I take it?""Not exactly. He turned evidence. Gave up the names of several secret Death Eaters…Crouch's son amongst them. Of course, Crouch Junior escaped the country before he could be arrested. Crouch Senior denied having warned him but he had to resign anyway. And Karkaroff was set free.""Do you think he could be working for Voldemort now?""I don't know. There was someone else, Ludo Bagman, whose department is overseeing the Triwizard tournament. He fed ministry information to Voldemort's supporters. He claimed not to know they were Death Eaters so he was found not guilty. All I'm saying is…it might not just be the Malfoys, Crabbes and Goyles we have to worry about." He gave a sudden disarming smile. "But never mind that, you get back to Harry."

Thank you for the follows and reviews!CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVEIt was the day of the second task. Ginny had spent the weeks since the Yule Ball thinking over what Sirius had told her. The fact that so many people who had been working for Voldemort were walking around freely was worrying to say the least.Harry was in the Gryffindor common room when she headed down there. He smiled when he saw her. "I thought we might go down to the lake together."Ginny smiled at the thought. "Yes, I'd like that. Do you know where Hermione and Neville are?""I think they went down together.""What about Luna?""I don't know, I haven't seen her today." Harry glanced around and picked out the person he was after. "Colin, have you seen Luna?"Colin shook his head. "She was meant to meet me after breakfast but she didn't show up."For a moment, Ginny felt worried. But then she dismissed the thought. It was, after all, not out of character for Luna to get distracted and forget something. Her worries returned however when she caught sight of Lavender looking lost. "Lavender, are you okay?"Lavender looked around distractedly. "I was wondering where Parvati had got to. Professor McGonagall called her away first thing and I haven't seen her since. I thought she'd be back by now.""You don't think they're together, do you?"Colin asked. "Luna and Parvati, I mean."The thought had crossed Ginny's mind, but it seemed almost nonsensical. "I don't see how. It's not like they've ever spent much time together." She noticed Lavender still looking lost and felt sorry for the other girl. She shot a beseeching look at Harry who seemed to realise what she was thinking. "Er, Lavender, why don't you walk down with us?"Lavender shot them both a grateful look. "All right. Thank you."Harry and Ginny took a seat next to Neville and Hermione at the lake, with Lavender sitting nearby. The three school champions were lined up on the shore, ready to jump in. Ginny scanned the crowd until she spotted the face she was after. She nudged Harry and pointed. "Who's that?"Harry followed the gesture. "It's Roger Davies,"he realised. "He's the captain of the Ravenclaw quidditch team. Why?""He was Fleur's date to the Yule Ball. I was just thinking…Luna and Parvati both missing, it might be down to that. The only thing they've got in common is that they both went with ne of the champions. But if he's here…"Harry thought about this. "Unless it isn't exactly that?"There was a splash as the three champions dived in. "It's meant to be some sort of treasure hunt, right?" Ginny asked the others."That's right,"Neville agreed."So what's the treasure?"They lapsed into a concerned silence which wasn't broken until a few minutes later when a shark surfaced and transformed back into Viktor Krum. The real shock was that he had someone with him. "Parvati!"Lavender realised, rushing down to the lakeside."That's what's happened to Luna,"Ginny realised. "She's down there.""But she can't be in any real danger, right?"Hermione asked. "It's only a competition, there'd be something safe in place.""And what if something goes wrong?"Ginny retorted.No-one had any answer for that. They could only listen with concern until four more figures broke the surface of the lake: Cedric and Fleur, carrying between them Luna and a younger girl. "That's Fleur's sister Gabrielle,"Hermione supplied.Ginny ran to the lakeside, Harry with her. A rather smug-looking man was standing with the contestants and their companions. "Good show, good show.""Who are you?"Ginny demanded."Ludo Bagman. And you?""She's Ginny Weasley,"Luna supplied.Ginny was in no mood for pleasantries. She remembered what Sirius had told her about Bagman. "What did you think you were doing, sending people down there?""It was quite nice really,"Luna offered. "I got to spend time with the mer people…"The three head teachers – Dumbledore, Karkaroff and Maxime – had joined them. "You are sore that Hogwarts did not win,"Karkaroff sneered. "Durmstrang have courage and the drive to win!""Actually, that is not how it happened,"offered Viktor, who was standing with Lavender and Parvati. "The three of us realised our friends had gone missing.""So we decided we'd help each other out,"Cedric continued. "Viktor got to the hostages first…""I was attacked by Grindylows,"said Fleur shame-faced."I saw she was in difficulty,"Viktor went on. "I wanted to get Parvati to safety so I signalled to Cedric.""I went back and helped her,"Cedric noted."And then we rescued the others together,"Fleur concluded.Dumbledore smiled. "An excellent case of sportsmanship wouldn't you say, Igor?" Karkaroff merely growled.Despite feeling pleased with the three champions, Ginny felt uneasy. It was more and more clear that not everyone involved in the championship had fair play in mind…

Thank you for the favourite, follow and reviews! It took me longer than I'd planned to get this one up but hopefully here it is.CHAPTER TWENTY-SIXThe third task came round quickly. Ginny's unease remained. Maybe the dangers of the second task had been down to thoughtlessness rather than evil. But she remembered Sirius' warnings all the same. She strongly suspected that someone connected to the tournament was more than they appeared to be."Are we walking down to the maze together?"Harry asked her. They were in the Gryffindor common room. Unlike the other tasks, the third one was taking place at night and the students had already had their evening meal. As a concession to the late hour, there would be no classes the following morning.Ginny nodded. "Just give me a moment to change into something warm." She dashed up to her room, picking out a warm top and trousers. She considered bringing a coat, or even a hat and scarf, but it was nearly summer and the evening wouldn't be that cool. She changed into the warmer clothes and dashed back down.When she re-entered, she noticed that Hermione, Neville, Seamus and Lavender had all surrounded Parvati and were escorting her down to the maze where the third task would take place. Ginny smiled. It was something she'd thought about doing herself: She didn't want anyone else disappearing during this task.She took Harry's hand. "Let's head to the Ravenclaw common room."Harry looked surprised. "That's the opposite way.""I know but I want to check on Luna."Harry obviously couldn't think of a reason to disagree with that so he let her lead him in that direction. When they got there, they found not only Colin waiting outside, but also Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott. "Did we all have the same idea?"Ginny asked."If you mean collecting Luna, then yes,"Colin confirmed.Ginny looked at Ernie and Hannah with no small amount of surprise. "I didn't know you were that close to her.""Cedric sent us,"Ernie muttered awkwardly.A moment later, Luna emerged from the common room. Very little seemed to faze her, but she seemed as taken aback as Ginny had ever seen her. "Goodness. Is someone important coming this way?""Only you, Luna,"Ginny told her. "Come on, we'll all walk down together."Once their task was complete, Ernie and Hannah quickly excused themselves from the others and went to join their friends. Ginny, Harry, Luna and Colin went to sit with Hermione and Neville. "Mission accomplished,"Neville noted. "No-one seems to be missing.""Have you seen Fleur's sister?"Ginny asked."That's her at the front there,"said Colin with a frown. "Chatting to my brother."Hermione gave a slight smile. "I think that's what they call starting early.""Can I have your attention, please?"came the loud voice of Ludo Bagman. "The task is about to start. The champions have been ranked according to their past performance and will enter the maze in the following order…"Suddenly, Sirius was crouched next to the children. "Ginny, I need to speak with you urgently."Ginny looked around at the large crowd. "Now?""Yes, now.""Should I come too?"Harry asked."Not just now, Harry. I'll let you know later."Ginny gave a shrug and followed the professor from the stadium.Ginny was shown into Sirius' office, with Sirius following her in. He immediately headed for his desk, opening one of the drawers. "Professor Black, what's all this about?"Ginny asked.Sirius waved at her in a non-commital manner. "Hold on, I've got it right here."And then Ginny saw it. The ever-so-slight movement of Sirius' features, as if someone's body was rejecting a transformation spell. She had a sudden suspicion she wasn't with who she thought she'd been with. Her hand went to her wand and she pointed it at him. "Revealo."In a few seconds, Sirius' features were gone. In their place was the person who had really summoned her there: Karkaroff. He smiled. "So Dumbledore does teach you something after all. It wasn't hard to get a sample from someone who sheds as much hair as Professor Black. A little polyjuice later and here we are. And soon…we'll be somewhere else.""Stupefy,"Ginny snapped, remembering the defensive spells first Remus and then Sirius had been teaching them.But Karkaroff wasn't to be taken by surprise a second time. He ducked under the desk and then brought up his own wand. "Incarcerous." A moment later, Ginny was imprisoned, ropes binding her body tightly so she was unable to aim her wand again. She lost her balance and toppled to the floor. Karkaroff nodded with satisfaction. "I'm afraid, Miss Weasley, that someone wants to see you a little too much for me to allow it to be as easy as that." He withdrew a small object from the desk drawer, an apparently innocuous snuff box. "Have you ever travelled by portkey? You get used to it."Ginny wanted to cry out. But before she could do so, Karkaroff thrust the portkey into her hand and they both disappeared.

Thank you for the favourites, follows and reviews!CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVENGinny was in a nightmare.She was in the grounds of a large house, securely tied up with the spell Karkaroff had cast on her. She was being held upright by some sort of post, dangling off the ground. She was surrounded by robed figures. And the worst thing of all was that Voldemort was at the head of them.He regarded her with a contemptuous look. "Did you really think you were safe from me, Miss Weasley? I have friends everywhere. You did well, Karkaroff. Perhaps well enough for some of these others to forget that you betrayed them."Karkaroff looked nervously round at his fellow Death Eaters. "I thought it might be best for me to remain free to serve you in future, my lord."Voldemort laughed. "Did you hear that, Rookwood? Yaxley? It was important that Karkaroff remain free to serve me while you were in Azkaban." He turned back to the quailing subject of his joke. "Never fear, Igor. You are right. I do have use of you."Ginny found the courage to speak. "People will notice I'm missing. Dumbledore. Harry saw me leave.""Dumbledore and everyone else at Hogwarts will be too busy watching the conclusion of the Triwizard Tournament to think about you,"Voldemort replied. "Oh, I'm sure they'll notice you missing eventually but by then we'll have finished."Lucius Malfoy looked at Ginny with a satisfied expression. "I warned you that you would suffer eventually, Miss Weasley."Ginny wanted to give a retort to the gloating. But Voldemort had obviously decided to move on. He turned to another of the robed figures. "Severus, do you have everything prepared?"Ginny looked in shock at the man Voldemort had spoken to. She'd never seen him before, a sharp-featured man with dark greasy hair. But she knew the significance of the name. "Severus Snape? But you're in Azkaban!""As are Rookwood and Yaxley there, and Dolohov and Rodolphus and quite a few others,"Snape replied simply. "Or so the ministry believes. But Azkaban has quite a few empty cells at the moment." He turned to Voldemort, gesturing to a cauldron boiling on a fire. "Things are nearly ready, my lord. But we need Miss Weasley to provide the final ingredient."Voldemort produced a knife and turned to his followers. "Perhaps one of you would like to take the ingredient from Miss Weasley? Bellatrix?"With a gleeful smile, Bellatrix took the knife and approached Ginny. "Don't be scared, little girl,"she said in a faux soothing voice. "This will only hurt a bit. What comes afterwards will hurt a lot more." Ginny flinched back as the knife plunged into her arm…but only just enough to break the skin. Bellatrix slashed, lengthening the cut, and Ginny felt blood running down her arm. Bellatrix held the knife up to Voldemort, then dipped it into the cauldron. "The blood of an enemy."Snape stepped forward and stirred the cauldron, before pouring some of its contents into a goblet and presenting it to Voldemort. "My lord."Voldemort drank deep from the goblet, draining its contents. Ginny was expecting to see a change come over him but he looked exactly the same. Yet somehow she felt some strange sensation, like a magic connecting them…Voldemort strode over to her and placed his bare hand against her face. The feel of his touch was bad enough but what was worse was that he clearly felt no pain from it. He threw back his head and laughed. "The protection is broken! Dark magic triumphs. Untie her."There were a variety of uncertain responses from those present. "Are you sure, lord?"asked Bartemus Crouch."I will not have it said I needed Ginny Weasley tied up and defenceless in order to kill her,"Voldemort replied. "Untie her."Bartemus and Karkaroff stepped forward to comply, cutting through Ginny's bonds with a quick Severing Charm. Karkaroff even made a point of taking Ginny's wand from her pocket and placing it in her hand.The Death Eaters moved back, forming a crude semi-circle around Voldemort as he approached her. "And now, Miss Weasley,we shall duel."Ginny's mind was racing. She had no chance of beating Voldemort in a straightforward duel but she refused to believe it was the end. She thought about all the lessons with Remus and Sirius, about the defensive, and occasionally offensive, spells they'd taught the class. Finally, a desperate strategy sprung to mind. She raised her wand. "Confringo!"Voldemort's wand was ready to divert the charm but Ginny wasn't firing at him: She was firing at the ground between them. There was an explosion, causing all the Death Eaters to disappear from view for a moment. By the time the smoke cleared, Ginny was running."After her!"screamed Voldemort.Ginny ran towards the house. She had no idea what she'd find there, but out in the open she was an easy target. At the moment, hiding in there seemed to be the only chance she had.

Thank you for the favourites, follows and reviews!CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHTGinny ran into the house and kept running. There was a flight of stairs in front of her and she headed up them, disappearing from sight just before a group of Death Eaters came through the door.Lucius Malfoy was at their head and looked about him. "Bellatrix, Crouch, you go left. Rodolphus and Rabastan, go right. Crabbe, Goyle, Macnair, Gibbon, check upstairs. Yaxley, Rookwood and I will search down the hall."Ginny lingered long enough to hear the instructions, then began creeping further down the landing. Her first instinct was to run and it took everything in her to fight it. If she made a sound, then she would have Malfoy and all the others after her. At least this way, she would only encounter the Death Eaters a few at a time.But what then? She didn't hold any illusion that she could fight her way past the entire group of Death Eaters, even a few at a time. And that wasn't taking into account the fact that Voldemort was close at hand and would probably come into the house himself if his followers didn't return with her soon. So what were her options? Escape? She could try but how? Karkaroff had used a portkey to bring her there but she wasn't advanced enough to create one herself and she didn't know what had happened to the one he'd used. Dumbledore and her friends would probably notice she'd disappeared soon enough and start looking for her but how would they find her? She didn't even know where she was herself.That thought made her think. What was so special about this place? Was it simply an abandoned house that Voldemort had decided to make use of? Or did it have more significance than that? Did it belong to one of his followers, perhaps? If she could find some clue as to where she was, it might give her some idea of where to go.Ginny pushed open the first door she came to. It was a risky strategy, since she could end up shut in a room with no exits, but if she stayed in the corridor she would be easier to spot. She found herself in a study. There was a writing desk and bookcases, and hanging above the fireplace was a painting. The whole place had an old-fashioned air, as though no-one had paid much attention to the place in years.Curiosity got the better of her and she went to the fireplace. "Lumos,"she said quietly. Her wand lit up and she examined the painting. It showed a rather haughty, aristocrat-looking man. A metal plate held the inscription Thomas Riddle, Squire of Little Hangton."Riddle,"Ginny repeated, remembering the aspect of the young Voldemort she had encountered in the Chamber of Secrets. "This is Voldemort's family home?""Well, well, well." The voice came from the doorway. Ginny spun round to find a dark figure staring at her. Snape. "It seems we have both found what we were looking for, Miss Weasley."Ginny should have fought, she knew that. But somehow that wasn't the atmosphere between them. Snape hadn't cast any spells at her, although when he took hold of her arm he did it not at all gently. He pulled her down the corridor to another room and thrust her inside. Ginny wasn't sure what his intentions were but her best guess was that he was going to lock her in and fetch Voldemort. Instead, he went to where a row of brooms had been set up. He took one and handed it to her, pointing towards the window. "Take this and go."It was possibly the last thing Ginny had been expecting him to say and all she could do was gape at him. "What?"Snape sneered. "And you're the one that Dumbledore is putting all his trust in. The Girl Who Lived.""Dumbledore told me you sent Voldemort after my family.""There is some truth in that but it's not an entirely accurate version of events. I told my master of the prophecy of a child who was a threat to him. I didn't know it was you he'd choose to go after but don't imagine that makes a difference. If I had known, I wouldn't have done anything about to stop him. I haven't spent the last thirteen years with a tortured conscience about what happened to your parents, they chose which side to be on. And I have no intention of becoming what your weak morals would consider 'good'.""Then why are you helping me?"Snape paused, as though unsure how much to reveal. "I owe a debt to the Potters,"he said at last. "From what I have heard, from Karkaroff and Malfoy and the others who can still move freely in society, they are fond of you. Their son especially. Saving you repays that debt. Make sure they know that. The debt is repaid, in full." He took a small object from his pocket and handed that to her as well. "A broom compass. Hogwarts is unplottable but that doesn't mean you can't go in the direction where it is. I've fixed it to the right direction. Hopefully even you won't be able to go wrong with that. Goodbye, Miss Weasley. Try not to let us meet again soon."Ginny watched him leave, then realised she needed to go as well, quickly, before someone who didn't owe the Potters something found her. She mounted the broom and flew out the window. As she looked down, she caught a glimpse of Voldemort heading towards the house, with Karkaroff, Dolohov and others following him. But he didn't look up and then he was out of sight. Ginny forgot him and turned her attention towards the compass. She was going home.

Thank you for the favourite, follows and reviews! Even the person who insisted on leaving multiple reviews on each chapter...CHAPTER TWENTY-NINEWhen Ginny awoke, she was in a hospital bed. At first, she wondered how she got there. And then a whole host of memories came flooding back to her: Karkaroff and the portkey, that ceremony and Voldemort's vile hands on her, her desperate quest for refuge in the old mansion house. She sat up sharply and was relieving to find she was in Hogwarts.Madame Pomphrey noticed her wakefulness. She tapped an object on the wall with her wand. "Professor Dumbledore to the infirmary, please." Then she approached Ginny's bed. "I'm glad to see you're awake, Miss Weasley. I was wondering what had happened.""What did happen?"Ginny asked. She could remember her broom ride across endless freezing skies but the end of it seemed to be eluding her."Never seen anything like it,"Pomphrey replied. "Aurors out looking for you, teachers in a panic, then suddenly you land in the middle of the school grounds in a broom and faint dead away. Sheer exhaustion by the look of you. You had a few nasty cuts, one of them very nasty, but not enough to account for that.""Ah, Ginny." The voice was that of Professor Dumbledore as he strode into the infirmary. "The ministry are looking to speak to you but I told them you needed rest first. They'll be back tomorrow. It would probably save me a great deal of embarrassment if I knew what you were going to tell them.""It was Karkaroff,"Ginny replied.Dumbledore sighed. "I was afraid it would be but hoped he wouldn't. For a time I believed he might actually make good use of his second chance.""He took me to Voldemort,"Ginny went on. "He had all the Death Eaters there with him. The ones like Lucius Malfoy who claimed they weren't serving him and…and other ones, who are meant to be in Azkaban. Snape, um, someone called Dolohov, and Rodolphus…""Antonin Dolohov,"Dumbledore said shocked. "One of the most vicious and dangerous of Death Eaters. And Rodolphus Lestrange, the husband of Bellatrix who you met last year. He and his brother Rabastan were among Voldemort's most fanatical followers. The ministry has told me nothing about any of them escaping from Azkaban. I wonder if they even know.""Voldemort…did something,"Ginny went on. "He drank a potion, with my blood in it. It meant he could touch me without pain. Has that somehow cancelled out the protection you told me about?""It would seem so,"Dumbledore said carefully. "He clearly chose to bring your blood into himself, to make your blood protection part of him." His tone became urgent. "Ginny, do you know where he was?""I…I think he was at his old family home. There was a portrait of a Thomas Riddle."Dumbledore nodded. "I'll let the Aurors know, although likely he will have moved on."Something had been nagging at Ginny since she'd seen the study. "Professor…it didn't look like a wizard's house. Is Voldemort a muggleborn?""No,"Dumbledore replied. "But his father was a muggle. He abandoned him before he was even born. Voldemort's mother was a witch, from an impoverished pureblood family. He grew up in a muggle orphanage. Grew up to embrace the wizarding world with the zeal of a convert and keep out those he saw as the unclean.""Snape helped me escape,"Ginny continued. "He said he owed a debt to the Potters. Do you know what that was about?"It was a female voice that answered. "He was my friend once." Ginny turned and saw a group entering. James and Lily Potter were there, with Sirius and Remus, and an older man, hunched over, with an artificial leg and an enchanted eye on a patch. Lily continued speaking. "A long time ago, when we were at Hogwarts together. He was such a sweet boy when I first knew him. But he listened to the wrong people, came to believe in their pureblood mantras, that muggleborns like me had no place there.""I saved his life once,"James recalled. "Maybe he felt he owed a debt over that.""To be fair,"Sirius remarked,"it was me that put his life in danger in the first place."Dumbledore obviously sensed her confusion at the presence of the group of non-staff members in Hogwarts. "Ginny, these people all fought Voldemort with me during his first campaign,"he explained. "I have been calling them together because I feel the time is approaching when we will need to fight Voldemort again, independently of the ministry.""Alastor Moody,"the man Ginny didn't know introduced himself. "They call me Mad Eye. Do you know why?""Because you have a mad eye?"Ginny asked cautiously.Moody looked a little put out. "How did you guess?"It hadn't been long after the entrance of the members of what Ginny was told was called the Order of the Phoenix that Madame Pomphrey finally got tired of all the visitors and shooed them out, saying Ginny needed a few hours' rest. However, it wasn't long after that when she heard footsteps approaching. Looking up, she found Harry waiting by her bedside."Does anyone know you're here?"she asked.Harry nodded. "Madame Pomphrey agreed I could see you for a bit. I guess she knew how much I was worried about you." He looked stricken. "Ginny, I'm so sorry, I should have known that wasn't Sirius, I should never have let you go away with him. Was it Karkaroff?""Yes,"Ginny confirmed."Everyone thought it was when he disappeared. The Durmstrang students are feeling a little stranded.""How did the Triwizard tournament finish?"Harry laughed. "A tie. Cedric, Fleur and Viktor made their way through the maze together and grabbed the cup at the same time. It's a shame Karkaroff didn't get to see it, he'd have been spitting feathers. Bagman was almost making up for it but Dumbledore said they'd learned an important lesson in inter-school co-operation and Madame Maxime agreed.""This wasn't your fault, Harry,"Ginny said after a brief pause. "It's not your job to look after me.""I want to though,"Harry replied. "I know that you're the Girl Who Lived and you've faced down Voldemort three times…""Four,"Ginny corrected.Harry hesitated. "You can tell me later. So obviously you don't need me…""I do need you, Harry,"Ginny replied without hesitation. "I'm not sure if I knew how much until the Yule Ball. But…I really do need you in my life."Harry leaned forward. Ginny realised what was going to happen but made no attempt to stop it, she knew it was what she wanted. And then Harry's lips were on hers and they were kissing. She was having her first kiss with the older boy who had become one of her best friends and maybe now something more."Was that all right?"Harry asked her when they came up for air.Ginny nodded and they kissed again.

Thank you for the favourite, follow and reviews!CHAPTER THIRTYIt was the next morning when Dumbledore showed Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic, into the infirmary. Ginny had got out of bed and dressed in anticipation and related her story to him. Fudge looked somewhat incredulous. "All of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's former followers have rejoined him? Lucius Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, Nott? But it was proved they were under the Imperius Curse, they didn't join him by choice!"Ginny had her own opinion on Malfoy's willingness to serve Voldemort again but she suspected letting Fudge know what it was wouldn't do much good. "Maybe they're under it again. If Voldemort thought they were of use once…""Yes, that's possible I suppose,"Fudge conceded. "But I wish you wouldn't use that name so freely.""Minister, the fact that those we knew were free have returned to Voldemort's side is a lesser matter,"Dumbledore argued. "My main concern is that Ginny saw Death Eaters who should be in Azkaban. Have you had a chance to look into that since I contacted you last night?"Fudge looked uncomfortable. "The wardens have confirmed that several cells are empty, cells which should have been occupied by known Death Eaters. As yet, we have no clues as to how.""The Dementors helped them escape,"Ginny insisted."That is not proven,"Fudge snapped. "But if it helps, I have increased the number of human wardens at Azkaban. All Aurors are on the lookout for them. They'll be caught before long, I assure you." And with that confident proclamation, he swept out."Do you believe him?"Ginny asked."Minister Fudge will do his best, I'm sure,"Dumbledore replied. "But I think it wise that we do everything we can ourselves."Ginny headed downstairs as soon as she was allowed to leave the hospital wing. On arriving at the entrance hall, she caught sight of Harry in conversation with Sirius and Remus. She wasn't sure if she should join them or not but Sirius beckoned her over. "I was just telling Harry that I've decided I won't be returning here as a staffmember next year."Ginny gaped at him. "But you've taught us so much, you and Professor Lupin. I wouldn't have survived half as long as I have if it wasn't for all the defensive spells you've taught us."Sirius gave a contented smile. "Well, I never knew I was so essential.""You're a fine witch, Ginny,"Remus told her. "While Sirius and I are both pleased to have helped guide you, I think you'll learn how to look after yourself whoever's taking you.""Voldemort's on the move,"Sirius observed. "Dumbledore has other plans for us. But don't worry. We'll check in from time to time to make sure you're heading in the right direction. Now, I still have a few duties left this year.""And I should probably get off school premises before any of Malfoy's cronies complain,"Remus added. "See you both later!"The two adults headed in opposite directions, leaving Ginny and Harry alone. "It seems I'm always the cause of your family's old friends leaving,"Ginny commented.Harry shook his head. "This one isn't on you. This one's on You Know Who." He hesitated before adding,"Voldemort."Ginny looked at him in surprise. "I don't think I've ever heard you say his name before.""Yes, well…I think I need to be a bit braver if I'm going to be your friend."Ginny gave him a coy smile. "Just friends?"The Hogwarts Express had pulled into the station near the school, wreathing the platform with smoke. For the first time since she'd started taking it, Ginny wasn't paying any attention. Instead, she was standing on the platform kissing Harry.Hermione, Neville and Luna came over. "That's going to take some getting used to,"Hermione sighed.Luna examined the couple very closely. "You look as though you're enjoying that. Please feel free to continue."With some reluctance, Ginny and Harry disengaged. "Thanks, Luna,"Ginny responded. "But I think our train's here."The five friends headed towards one of the carriages. "So, any plans for the holidays?"Neville asked."Cedric has invited me to go camping with his family,"Luna noted. "I'm hoping it'll be somewhere wild and remote full of strange creatures.""I'd better spend some time with my family,"Ginny added."But you'll come and see my family too?"Harry asked. "They'd love to see you again. All of you.""But especially Ginny, right?"Neville asked.Harry blushed, addressing Neville but looking at Ginny. "Well, I'd especially like to see her."Ginny smiled, and for that moment all thoughts of Voldemort felt far away. "I think that would be quite marvellous."
