"Before I leave," Albus Dumbledore began, staring coolly at the figure in front of him, "where will the child go? This is the last act of freedom you'll get, as you're aware. Choose wisely."A maniacal laugh sent shivers shooting up Dumbledore's spine and down his arms. He gripped his wand a little tighter. In all his years, he still hadn't met someone as unnerving as this convict."Wool's Orphanage," the figure responded, hidden in the shadows. "I bet you know why, old bat!"Albus Dumbledore kept his face calm despite how much he wanted deny the convict's wishes. How much he wanted to take the child to a normal muggle family, to a safe, secure home with no dark memories lurking within it. Images of a young boy with eyes of ice and a tongue of silver clouded his vision; a teenager whose skin turned grey with each passing day; a chillingly handsome man with scarlet eyes and a forked tongue; evil reincarnated in the form of a serpent.Still, he persisted. And he left the convict with these words, his voice for once retreating from its soft tone, ringing out for all prisoners of Azkaban to hear. A promise to himself."She will not grow dark."a/nSo this story has been on Wattpad for three years now, and now that I'm getting into HP again I figured I may as well post it here :-D

Lucille was always a troublesome young girl. At least, to Mrs. Cole she was.In all the years Nancy Cole worked at Wool's Orphanage, she'd say that only two occupants managed to make her rethink how much she valued the money promised to her when she retired. She was not unkind, only strict and had zero tolerance. Of course, she'd have to admit that Lucille was preferred to The Boy.No matter how much Nancy Cole begged headmaster Albus Dumbledore, he still refused to take The Boyforever. Each summer he'd return to Wool's Orphanage until he turned sixteen (That was when he disappeared), and after she'd had decades of peace.Then along came Lucille.Nancy wasn't naturally a very superstitious person. She didn't believe in ghosts or vampires or any of that nonsense, but she truly believed that Lucille had something off about her. She had a near undetectable vibe of dark roots."I don't know why you insist on the children you come for. Honestly, Mr. Dumbledore, she's a bad one — just like the last one you took.""Perhaps," Albus hummed thoughtfully. "But perhaps not. Tell me, Mrs. Cole, is there any concerns I should be aware of?"Mrs. Cole sniffed. "Well, she's no Tom Riddle, but she's out of control! Leaves her bedsheets tied to the rafters, steals knives from the kitchen to carve on her bedposts, makes Jennifer Bishop go spitting mad, and a few years ago a man came to adopt her — said his name was something along the lines of Lucy as well — and she disappeared for three weeks! Oh, Mr. Dumbledore, we had the whole town looking for her, and then she shows up at breakfast without a scratch on her. Wouldn't even tell us where she'd gone off to!"Albus gazed at Mrs. Cole over his crescent-moon spectacles. It was rare that he personally visited wizards, but the circumstances here called for urgency. Every time he thought of the convict's child, he thought of one far worse. He pictured a young girl with cruel, piercing gray eyes and a wardrobe full of stolen goods: a young girl with sleek, black hair; a young girl who was the picture of evil.He knew that he of all people should be the one who didn't judge someone based on their past, but he rationalized that it was better to be safe man than a sorry one. And for a long time, a sorry man he had been. Albus dismissed Mrs. Cole before he walked in, peering around for Lucille.It wasn't hard to find her. The girl's appearance demanded attention.She sat in her desk chair leaning on its back two legs, and on her face balanced three pencils and a spoon. As soon as the door opened, Lucille tipped back and onto a mattress laid out on the floor. She scrambled to her feet and stared at Albus long and hard, half in shock and half in awe."Your beard is bloody awesome! How'd you even get it that long? Did you start growing one the moment you came out of the womb or something?"Albus Dumbledore suddenly felt that the phrase 'eat your words' had been constructed specifically for him.Lucille was a small thing, her skin a tanned-golden color from what looked to be plenty of sun from the holidays. He spotted no resemblance to her parents; golden hair trailed down to her shoulders and her eyes were a warm brown. She kept those brown eyes trained on Albus curiously."You're too kind, Lucille," said Albus. "My name is Professor Dumbledore, and I'm here to offer you a place at my school.""Professor?" Lucille furrowed her eyebrows a bit, then smiled widely. "Cool! You're a shrink!" She exclaimed loudly.The two could hear Mrs. Cole groaning from down the hall; she'd heard Lucille's proclamation, and she was evidently distressed about it.Albus chuckled and shook his head. "No, I'm not a 'shrink' as you put it.""Oh. So you're a teacher," she sighed in disappointment. The differences were already clear to him. The Boy had snapped at him, demanded that he tell the truth, whereas Lucille reacted optimistically with a bubbly attitude. Still, he had to be wary. "Are any other kids attending? Please don't tell me Jennifer is invited," Lucille pleaded."No, no, I'm quite sure it's just you," Dumbledore assured her. At last, he let himself draw up a chair from a neighboring desk, and he sat down, grimacing a bit at the strain on his leg. He shouldn't have gotten so close to Fluffy... "Now, Lucille — "She pulled a face. Dumbledore suppressed a frown, nostalgia hitting him hard. He chose the phrasing of his next words carefully."You dislike the name 'Lucille'?"She shook her head. "Lucille's a brilliant name. Just too formal. I like Lucy more.""Alright, Lucy," Dumbledore said without pausing. Lucy beamed at this. "As I was saying: Hogwarts is not a school for ordinary people. It is, rather, a school for gifted individuals. Hogwarts is a school for Magic."Lucy stared at him, stunned. She narrowed her eyes scrutinizingly, searching for any hint of him joking. From what she could see, the man appeared one hundred percent serious. "You're... you're not kidding?""Not in the slightest. Should you accept this invitation, you will need some supplies — ""Wait, how do I know this isn't a joke?"Patiently, Dumbledore withdrew his wand from his pocket and pointed it at her bed, and with a pop, it turned into a gray kitten in front of her. He made to turn it back, but Lucy grabbed onto his arm, giving him a begging look. "Please don't change it back! Who needs a bed, anyways? I have a matress on the floor!" She pleaded.Dumbledore laughed, yet Lucy picked up an odd amount of relief in it. "Hogwarts allows cats as pets, so you are in luck. However, as it came from a bed, I'm not sure how it'll behave."The cat fell asleep in her arms a second later."Well, I'd expect it'd do a lot of sleeping, sir," Lucy grinned.Dumbledore smiled also, then cleared his throat. "Mrs. Cole has told me of some concerns she has in regards to your behavior."At once, Lucy appeared sullen. "If this is about Jennifer, she's a great bullying git who thinks she's so great because she's the only one with a living mother.""And the bedsheets tied to the rafters?""All good pirate ships need sails, Professor," Lucy told him solemnly."Disappearing for three weeks?""The guy trying to adopt me was a blonde prat who kept this creepy woman by his side. I'd rather stay an orphan with no surname, thanks.""Knives stolen from the kitchen?" He added.Lucy sighed. "Okay, that one sounds really bad, and I don't know what was up with that myself. I just got excited and wanted to carve into wood."Dumbledore nodded as though he understood, then fixed her with a stern look. "At Hogwarts, cutting things up out of excitement is frowned upon, and I expect that habit to be broken by September 1st."Lucy gulped and nodded."As I stated before, you'll need certain supplies before you attend Hogwarts. It's come to my understanding that you have no money, so we will use the school one to provide for you.""You're coming with, professor?" Lucy asked."Me?" Dumbledore chuckled. "No, I'm the headmaster of Hogwarts. I'll already be back at school by then. This Friday I'll send another professor to assist you. Have you any more questions?""Only pointless ones," Lucy assured him.With that, Dumbledore bid her a good day and left Wool's Orphanage for the second time. The last words he heard were shrill and sudden from a harassed-sounding Mrs. Cole."WHERE IN GOD'S NAME DID YOU PUT YOUR BED?!"

Friday crept towards Lucy slowly.On Tuesday, she fidgeted all throughout dinner until Mrs. Cole swatted at her hand with a spatula. "The chefs did not cook you food just so you could pick at it," she snapped."Seems like there's nothing else to do with it," Lucy muttered, poking at the soggy vegetables in her soup."Fine! Go to bed and don't bother coming to supper until you intend to eat it."Lucy beamed and jumped out of her chair, and Mrs. Cole had the feeling she had made the worst decision she could possibly make when dealing with Lucille.Lucy blatantly ignored a chance to annoy Jennifer on Wednesday, which was a shock to everyone. Especially since Jennifer was asking for it with a capital 'I'."How's it feel having no parents, Loony Lucy?" Jennifer sneered at her after Lucy hadn't attended supper. In fact, she hadn't shown up for breakfast or lunch either, and Jennifer had to stalk through the halls to find her. "My mum's just in a hospital, and then I'm out of this place. What about you?""Yeah that's really interesting, Jacqueline," Lucy said absentmindedly as she turned a page in her book.Maybe she wasn't entirely ignoring her.Jennifer frowned. "It's Jennifer.""Okay, Jessica.""Are you an idiot?! It's Jen-ni-fer!"Lucy sighed and slammed her book shut. "Just bugger off, Courtney! Honestly I'd rather listen to Cole's movie star fantasies than you." A few traitorous friends of Jennifer snickered.Jennifer's face turned a cherry red. She wasn't used to Lucy retaliating, and her friends certainly had never laughed at her expense. "W-well, you're just jealous because you have no parents!"This was the wrong thing to say around a bunch of kids in an orphanage. Honestly, where was her common sense? A few of her friends narrowed their eyes at Jennifer, but she didn't notice."I like being an orphan," Lucy lied. A few children looked at her with wide eyes. It was rather depressing, really. "Who wants an annoying mum to send you to your room all the time and make you eat your vegetables? I get enough of that from Mrs. Cole!"Actually, she would love to have an annoying mum. At this point she wouldn't care if they were the most wanted people in all of Britain, so long as she could leave Wool's Orphanage behind forever. But Jennifer bought her lie, and she stalked off to think of new ways to get under Lucy's skin. "I bet she killed her own parents just to become an orphan," she muttered to a girl as she walked away."Shut up about the parent stuff," the girl snapped back at her.One of Jennifer's friends lingered, debating whether or not he was going to speak. He did in the end. "You don't really like being an orphan, do you?" he asked softly. He was a year older than her, and he often lingered by while Jennifer picked on her. Lucy stared blankly at him, and he blushed. "I-I won't tell Jennifer. Honestly, I won't.""No," Lucy admitted. "But I am one, so what's the point of moping about it?""I thought you didn't have any idea who your parents were. That's what you told us one time.""What's your name?" she asked.He hesitated, glancing around to see if anyone was watching. "I'm Nathan. Everyone else here calls me Nate." Nathan lowered his voice to a whisper. "I hate it.""Nathan, if my parents were alive, I think they'd come to get me by now. And they haven't, so, well, they'd have to be dead. Wouldn't they?"Nathan shook his head. "They could be in a hospital like Jennifer's mum. Mrs. Cole keeps her files in her office."Lucy's heart beat quickly in her chest as a wide smile formed on her face, but it soon diminished."I haven't got a last name. There's no way I'll have a file."Nathan looked disappointed too, and Lucy headed back into her room. She didn't come out for the rest of the day.On Thursday, she stole a total of eight cacti from the greenhouse in the courtyard to raise her spirits. Lucy wasn't sure why she decided to do it. She had zero need for one cactus, let alone eight, so she resorted to hiding it in her wardrobe. Spending the entire day going inside and out of the Orphanage, Lucy had failed to notice that she missed both breakfast, lunch, and right before dinner, Nathan set out to look for her. He found her at the side of the building, hidden behind a large tree. They planted a patch of grass a few years ago, probably trying to distract the children from the fact that the orphanage looked, and felt, like a prison."Sorry about yesterday," said Nathan awkwardly. "I didn't mean to get your hopes up."Lucy grunted from where she lay in a pile of freshly raked leaves. She turned over so that she was now laying on her stomach. "Why do you even hang out with Jennifer? You don't seem like a prat."Nathan shrugged. "She's grumpy all the time because she's the only one whose mum is alive and she's still stuck here, and she hates you because Mrs. Cole gives you more attention.""Negative attention!" Lucy sighed. "If she wants Cole screaming at her all the time, believe me, Jennifer can have her!"He only shrugged again. "She also thinks it's unfair how both her parents were orphans, and really the only reason she's here is because her parents didn't have any living relatives.""She's still a wench."Nathan didn't agree with her, but his smirk told her everything. Lucy decided that he wasn't that bad, but it was a bad time to make friends right before she was off to a boarding school. A magic boarding school which Nathan could never attend.In an act of surprising kindness, Lucy patted the spot of leaves next to her. "Care to join me?"Nathan looked at her, surprised. Since everyone had known Lucy, she never made friends with anyone. She was the creepy little girl, the freak. She had fun on her own and she did not need anyone around her. This offer, though nonchalant, was a first. "Doing what?" he questioned."Just sitting."Nathan wordlessly lay down next to her, and the two missed all of dinner sitting there and watching the cars pass by.Friday was here.Her kitten, which she had yet to find a name for, was discovered by Mrs. Cole later that morning. Instead of scolding Lucy, the woman seemed elated that she wasn't a psychotic animal murderer after all."You really should've told me. Wool's Orphanage doesn't have a ban on all pets. Cats, rabbits, and hamsters are all allowed," Mrs. Cole told her. "They're allowed at your new school?""Yeah, cats and rabbits and ow— and certain birds," she added the last part because she wasn't sure how much Mrs. Cole would believe they allowed owls. Then again, she was very old.Mrs. Cole frowned. "What an odd variety. Have you got any supplies to care for a cat?""No," Lucy admitted. "I've been giving him parts of Nathan's dinner and he catches mice too." At this, Mrs. Cole beamed. The two females seemed to look at each other in a new light — if they couldn't agree on anything except cats, that would be enough for them."You'll need a kennel, a litter box, cat food, a bowl, a brush — oh, I have most of these things in the attic... While you're off shopping, I'll get the litter box, brush, and kennel, but you'll have to get the other supplies."For once, Lucy had no desire to argue and instead withdrew a notebook from her desk. She sat down in her chair and proceeded to scribble down what she'd need. The thought of her kitten's supplies had never occurred to her; the feline had accustomed to leaving through the window and jumping onto a nearby branch whenever he needed to hunt.She spent the next few hours preparing. Her long hair was still damp from her shower as she looked through her wardrobe with only a towel around her. Mrs. Cole had yet to notice that the eight missing cacti from the greenhouse were stored in her drawers. Lucy took extra care to pick out her outfit from the limited clothes she had. She had her uniform, but she couldn't exactly wear that to the wizarding world.She settled for the nicest clothes she had: a pair of slightly baggy, faded jeans with holes in the knees— she had scraped them on the pavement ages ago from being tripped by the older kids. This was paired with another baggy white T-shirt that had the words 'Lucy [insert last name here] written on the front with messy handwriting and a permanent marker. With her hand-me-down faded yellow converse, Lucy thought she either looked like a rebel or an orphan, and she was okay with either one."Lucille," Mrs. Cole rapped on the door, "A woman is here to take you school shopping. Are you ready yet? It's impolite to keep people waiting!"Surprising Mrs. Cole, Lucy opened the door completely ready. Mrs. Cole held a worn down backpack in her hands. It was surprisingly big and would be useful in the future. "This is for your shopping," she said, handing it over to her. Lucy shrugged it on her shoulders."Thanks, Mrs. Cole!" Lucy beamed. She ducked under Mrs. Cole's arm and heard the old woman hobble after her on her cane. She was grateful Mrs. Cole didn't notice her kitten, which she decided just now to name Grayble, sneak into her large pants pocket.In the entry room waiting for Lucy was a tall woman with sleek, black hair pulled up into a bun. She at once reminded Lucy of Mrs. Cole in the way that her features looked stern, but she was noticeably younger and only had a few wrinkles. Mostly on her forehead and around her mouth, presumably from raising her eyebrows and frowning. That was the kind of vibe this woman gave off.The woman examined Lucy's appearance; her hair was damp and slightly disheveled from bouncing on her mattress in anticipation, and as her eyes fell on Lucy's shirt, she could've sworn her lips twitched up slightly."I am Professor McGonagall," the woman began. "I'm one of your teachers at Hogwarts and may very well end up as your head of house. Are you ready to go?""Yes, ma'am.""Behave," Mrs. Cole warned from the doorway.Lucy blinked at her innocently. "I always do, Mrs. Cole."As soon as the door to the orphanage closed, Lucy turned to face Professor McGonagall. "Everyone gets their own house at Hogwarts?" she asked. In her mind she imagined students staying in color coded houses and walking to a nearby school."No, at Hogwarts you do not receive a literal home." Professor McGonagall paused and then quickly rephrased her words. "Well, Hogwarts is a home in a sense, but there is no built houses you live in. You'll live in dormitories. That reminds me," the professor slipped her hand into her robe pocket and pulled out a book. "I like to give this to muggleborn students before they arrive. Any questions about Hogwarts you should find the answers to in this book."Lucy took the book from her and read the cover. Hogwarts: A History."Muggleborn?" Lucy frowned. "Will I find that in here too?""A muggle is a person with no magic, such as the other children at the orphanage. A muggleborn is a child born from two muggles. It's likely that you're one too, but there's no way to know for sure."They rounded a corner and Professor McGonagall turned to her. "Now, we're going to apparate to the Leaky Cauldron. Keep a tight grip on my arm and do not let go."An unpleasant feeling overcame Lucy, and it was somewhat adjacent to being squeezed through a tight tube. It only lasted for a moment or so, but as soon as it ended, a large wave of nausea hit her. "Oh dear god," she muttered, taking a few seconds to steady herself. Then she grinned. "Wizards can teleport?""Apparate," Professor McGonagall corrected.The two entered a shady-looking bar. The inside looked as worn down and murky as Wool's Orphanage did. A few witches sat in a corner were glancing at them in a scrutinizing way. Professor McGonagall approached an old, bald man with several missing teeth."We'll go through the back, Tom," she told him, and Lucy followed her out another door and into a courtyard. It was surrounded by four, moss-ridden walls, and the place looked terribly kept for a garden. Weeds spurted out from the ground and vines covered the walls in thick layers. Professor McGonagall withdrew her wand and tapped on a brick three times.At once, a small hole appeared in the wall, and it grew bigger until it was tall enough to fit the both of them. Professor McGonagall said nothing as Lucy stepped through, but kept a close eye on her reaction."I haven't been in a coma for the past week, have I?" Lucy asked, her eyes wide as she took everything in. Hearing she was a witch was one thing, but she couldn't believe there was a whole world she didn't know about. How could she be so lucky? Old cauldrons from fairy tales sat piled up outside the first shop she saw, and next to that Lucy saw what looked to be a potions shop."No, I'm afraid this is all quite real," Professor McGonagall replied with a hint of amusement. "We'll save the cauldrons for last.""Oh! Does Diagon Alley have a cat shop?" Lucy asked, turning around to face her. ""Cause Dumbledore turned my bed into a kitten — " as if on cue, Grayble poked his head out of her pants pocket and mewed " — and Mrs Cole says I need cat food, a bowl, and... Oh, she gave me money to pay for that stuff by myself." Lucy pulled a sack of muggle money out from her other pocket.She was worried that Professor McGonagall would say no, but then Lucy recalled that the Leaky Cauldron was over by the Barber Shop used by the orphanage. She'd just get it herself if she said no. If she remembered, which wasn't likely.Fortunately, Professor McGonagall was a cat person."First and foremost you'll need your robes. To stick to schedule, I'll retrieve your pet's supplies while you get fitted." Lucy held out the bag of money, but Professor McGonagall declined. "Consider it a gift. Madame Malkin's is just down the road — go straight until you see her shop."Lucy knew that now wasn't the time to start causing mischief, and so for once she heeded Mrs Cole's orders of staying out of trouble. She found Madame Malkin's Robes for All Occasions in no time, and at the door a short old witch greeted her happily."Dear me, at this rate I'll have the entire lot of first years at one time! Come, come, to the back..."From the way the woman described it, Lucy had expected there to be an entire ocean of students like her. There were really only two other children. One had platinum blonde hair with a pointed face, and the other was scrawny, wearing baggy clothes like she was. She opted to choose the spot next to the kinder looking boy while she waited."You're going to Hogwarts, too?" the blonde boy addressed her as soon as she dared to sit down. Without waiting for an answer, he continued. "I was just saying how I'll be in Slytherin like my entire family. Imagine being in Hufflepuff! I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?"She momentarily reeled. This was the first fellow wizard she'd spoken to, and so far he was bloody annoying. "A Huffle-what?" She said blankly.Blondie narrowed his eyes at her. "Say, what's your surname?""Haven't got one." Lucy pointed at her shirt."Don't be ridiculous! Everyone has a surname.""Not me," she said honestly. "I guess I might've had one at one point, but they took it away.""Then how come you don't know about Hufflepuff? You're not a muggleborn, are you?""No," Lucy said, even though she wasn't sure if she was or not. "I grew up in an orphanage. Now quit being a git about it," she huffed.Blondie relented. "Where are your parents, then?" he asked the other boy."They're dead," he snapped."Mine too!" Lucy held up her hand for a high-five. The boy gave her an amused look before returning it."Oh, sorry," Blondie said insincerely. "But they were our kind, weren't they?"Lucy couldn't take it anymore. This boy was Jennifer reincarnated. "Shut up, Courtney!" she yelled out of habit. Blondie cast her a bizarre look, and he moved a stool away from the both of them, muttering about how mental she was.Great, she scared him off already. She supposed it wasn't a real loss. She turned back to face the other boy. "People with living parents are prats, from what I can tell," she said, shaking her head. Was this how one made friends? She had no idea..."You're telling me," he echoed. He was still grinning at her. That was a good sign."I'm Lucy. Lucy with no last name," Lucy introduced herself. She extended a hand, and the boy shook it."I'm Harry. Harry with a last name Potter."He stared at her warily as though he was expecting a reaction, but Lucy only continued on talking. "I don't know a thing about Hogwarts," she admitted. "But if that git hates Huffle-what, that's my new favorite thing.""I don't know anything either," Harry sighed, relieved that he wasn't the only one going in with no experience."I have a book though, and if you'd like I can lend it to you on the train," Lucy suggested, securing herself both a friend and a seat with someone on the train. She mentally patted herself on the back for her quick thinking.Harry smiled. "That'd be great, thanks. Who brought you here? I came here with Hagrid - " he pointed at a giant man in the distance, and Lucy stared at him for a few seconds with wide eyes. "He's Gamekeeper at Hogwarts," he added hurriedly."He looks bloody awesome," she breathed. "I'm here with a plain old professor. I guess she's cool. Hey, why's everyone giving you weird looks?"It was true; people walking past them ogled at Harry's forehead. Lucy followed their gaze and saw a lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead. It looked pretty rad, but it wasn't worthy of people looking at him like he was a sideshow at the circus."I'm the Boy-Who-Lived, apparently," Harry said, pulling a face. "Found out a day ago.""No offense, but living's not really something to be congratulated for. I thought it was pretty easy to exist. All you've got to do is breath." Then, as if proving a point, Lucy took a large gulp of air and held her breath.Harry took her silence as a chance to explain further. "When I was a baby, a dark wizard came to kill me. His name was Voldemort, I think, and he killed my parents. When he tried to kill me, it backfired and he ended up dying instead. Except he's not really dead, he's just gone." He said all of this in a confused sort of way which indicated to Lucy that he might not know a lot about this himself."Voldemort," Lucy repeated. The witch working on her robes flinched. "Bloody hell, if I was named Voldemort I'd try and kill babies for a living too."The employee let out a gasp, shooting her a horrified look."I'm only joking!" Lucy added hastily. But she still gave the employee a creepy smile, mouthing, 'or am I?'Harry laughed. "You're the only one who hasn't acted weird about it yet.""Well, what did you do to the poor bloke, roundhouse kick him to death with your baby feet?" Lucy asked.He shrugged. "I guess I sat there and got lucky.""Story of my life, mate," Lucy sighed.Madame Malkin finished Harry's robes. He was somewhat reluctant to stand up, and Lucy realized that she was sad to see him go. "I'll see you on the train," Harry said hopefully."I'll bring the book," she assured him.He waved to her as he left the shop, leaving her alone with the blonde boy. He'd been quiet ever since Lucy had snapped at him. She supposed it wasn't often one was called by the wrong name.It remained silent for a few minutes. Then, he ventured to ask: "Why'd you call me Courtney?""You reminded me of someone," Lucy shrugged. The image of a tall girl with a long nose and brown curls popped into her mind. Jennifer was older than her, but she sure didn't act like it."I reminded you of Courtney?""No, you reminded me of Jennifer.""But you called me Courtney.""Yeah, 'cause that's what I call Jennifer."It was quiet again.This time it was Lucy that spoke up. "Hey, what is a Huffle-what? If you tell me I won't call you Courtney ever again," she promised. "I'll call you by your real name if you tell me what it is.""And you're sure you're not a muggleborn?" Blondie asked warily."One hundred percent," Lucy lied. She was actually quite sure that she was a muggleborn. He didn't have to know that. "I've been using magic to tie sheets on my roof my entire life!"Blondie laughed a little at that. "I'm Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."Everyone here had an odd habit of repeating their name, Lucy thought."Nice to meet you, Draco Malfoy. Now what's a Huffle-thing?""It's a Hogwarts house." Ugh, not that again. She really had to start reading that book."They say that the kind and loyal go in there, but it's really a bunch of tossers put into one house because nobody else wanted them."Lucy beamed. "I want to get into that house!"Draco pulled a face. "Why?""'Cause it's the first house I've heard about. And because if nobody wants them, then nobody pays attention to them. Right?" Draco nodded slowly, not knowing what she was getting at. "Then there's no way I'll get into any trouble, because no one's gonna be looking at me.""I guess," Draco shrugged. "But I'd rather get into Slytherin.""You can have Slytherin," Lucy offered. "I'll take Hufflepuff. Deal?""Deal."Giving an air of finality, the two eleven-year-olds shook on it. The two began a new conversation. Draco was clearly an arrogant one, but he loved to talk. By the time her robes were ready, Lucy knew far more about Hogwarts than she did before coming to Diagon Alley. Lucy finally left Madame Malkin's, and Professor McGonagall was waiting for her just outside the shop."I apparently met a famous person," Lucy told her cheerily. "He's famous for roundhouse kicking Voldemort in the face."Professor McGonagall gave her a long look, like she wasn't quite believing what she was hearing. "What on earth are you talking about, Lucy?" she spluttered."You know," Lucy said as though it was obvious. Professor McGonagall stared at her blankly. "Harry Potter. He's really sweet. There was also this blonde git named Draco Malfoy, but I suppose he's alright. Just don't call him Courtney; he hates that."Professor McGonagall nodded slowly. "Well... your robes took much longer than expected, so I collected most of what was needed on your list. All that's left is your books and a cauldron, and at last a wand. I've transferred your muggle money into wizarding currency, so you may use that to buy yourself some books of your own choice while I buy the necessary first year subjects."At the book store, Lucy was mesmerized by the moving pictures. She didn't really like reading stories if they couldn't offer her actual information, so she went for the books with facts that she would use in life. One was called The Muggle's Guide to the Wizarding World, and it had all sorts of information about wizardry. She also picked up a few books on hexes, jinxes, and curses — she took extra care to make sure Professor McGonagall didn't see those — and a copy of Transfiguration Spells for Advanced Students, Charms Around the House, Transfigure Your Wardrobe, and last but not least, The First Wizarding War. She paid for these books, and Professor McGonagall only caught sight of Transfiguration Spells for Advanced Students and The First Wizarding War."War?" Professor McGonagall arched an eyebrow.She kept an innocent expression, but secretly, she couldn't stop thinking about Harry Potter and his curious position. Who was Voldemort, and why did he want to kill a baby? Going by the employee's horrified reaction, he had to be someone important.She shrugged, giving the professor a sheepish smile. "History's my favorite subject back in muggle school."Her sharp look softened once she saw Transfiguration Spells for Advanced Students. "You're interested in transfiguration, I take it?""It's about turning objects into other objects, right?""A vague definition, but yes.""Well, it sounds brilliant! Is that how Dumbledore turned my bed into a cat?" Lucy asked excitedly. "Because that already sounds like my favorite subject!"Professor McGonagall did something that Lucy hadn't seen her do all day: she smiled. It was a full, real smile, not one of those lip quirks she'd been doing. "Headmaster Dumbledore was once a transfiguration professor like myself."Lucy's eyes widened. "You teach transfiguration?!"Contrary to what Professor McGonagall had first told her, Lucy had received her wand last — not a cauldron. Ollivanders was the best wand shop in the world, according to Draco Malfoy's ramblings in Madame Malkin's.Mr. Ollivander was an old man with large, pale eyes. They reminded Lucy of a full moon, and his voice was so soft that she strained to hear him the first time."Good day," he greeted."Hello," Lucy said, letting her gaze travel over the countless boxes behind him.Mr. Ollivander frowned as he examined her. "You don't look like anyone I've ever had before. What's your name, young lady?"Lucy pulled pack her hair and pointed to her shirt. Professor McGonagall's lips thinned in disapproval over her abrupt way of introducing herself, but Ollivander didn't seem to mind."No last name, eh? No matter. It'll be a bit of a guessing game, but I already have an idea... Which arm is your wand arm?"She held up her left hand."A leftie too," Mr. Ollivander murmured. "I can already tell this will be a difficult wand to find..."Lucy didn't know whether to feel insulted or not.Mr. Ollivander pulled a box out from the shelf and picked up a wand. "Seven and a half inches long. Willow wood, but firm. This would be a good one for Charms..."He handed it over to her, and as soon as Lucy grabbed it, a nearby broken vase repaired itself. Mr. Ollivander shook his head and snatched the wand out of her hand. "No, too short, far too short...""Nine inches, evergreen wood, phoenix feather core. Swishy, so you'll need to be gentle with it."Lucy held it, and delicately, a pink flower blossomed out of the end. She thought that was a good sign, but Mr. Ollivander took it from her again and shook his head."Still too short," he mused. Professor McGonagall was watching this with her eyebrows furrowed; she must've thought that the flower one would've for sure been her wand too.He disappeared into the back room and it wasn't until four minutes passed that he returned holding a dark plum colored box. He pulled out a jagged wand, swirled with mixtures of black and dark gray wood. It appeared to have been whittled with a blunt knife at the way it twisted around. The edge was pointed like a blade, and Lucy figured it could probably cut something with enough force... She liked it. Her eyes shone just from looking at it."12¾ inches long, made of Laurel wood with a dragon heartstring core."Lucy held it in her hand, and once she swished it through the air, the windows shattered, a door was blown off its hinges, a vase exploded, and Lucy was filled with a rush of exhilaration. Mr. Ollivander beamed while she and Professor McGonagall both looked quite horrified."I believe, Ms. Lucy, that this is your wand."Professor McGonagall was the first to question this. "Are you sure it wasn't the second one, Garrick?""Quite sure, Mrs. McGonagall. This is a peculiar wand; while very flexible, as soon as the owner holds it, it will harden depending on the intent. For example; jabbing may cause it to lose its flexibility, whereas swishing it through the air will work in your favor. You must, however, remain resilient or your wand may decide to find another master. A few people who have left with Laurel wood in a wand have grown to the Dark Arts. While a useful wand, it has the ability to do powerful magic, and that sometimes works against you."Lucy remained slightly horrified. "So I could become a villain? Is that what you're saying?""Yes," said Mr. Ollivander bluntly. "The fate of your legacy relies on that wand there, Ms. Lucy. I have the utmost faith that you will persevere. Only one other has had Laurel wood in the last four decades... The young Bla — ""Mr. Ollivander," Professor McGonagall cleared her throat. She gave him a severe look. "There's hardly any need to scare the girl."Abashed, he apologized. "Yes, yes... Sometimes I forget how young minds really are these days. It's refreshing, isn't it? After the War?""Yes, I would have to agree," Professor McGonagall sighed. "Well, come along Lucy. It's time to return you back to Mrs Cole."Lucy grimaced. "There's no rush."After the day had ended, Lucy's backpack was almost too heavy for her to carry. Professor McGonagall had to place an enlightening charm and an extension charm on it, and after that Lucy hardly noticed it was on her back.It was past curfew when they arrived back at the orphanage. Lucy gave Professor McGonagall a polite and genuine goodbye, pleased at how much she'd informed her about transfiguration.Mrs. Cole guided Lucy up into her bedroom, but Lucy did not fall asleep that night.She lay awake dreaming of Hogwarts, of new beginnings, and of a made-up couple of wizards with blonde hair, brown eyes, and a baby girl in their hands.If she could only know how wrong she was.

"You're leaving for the entire year?" Nathan asked, disappointment clear in his voice. "Just when we've started being friends?"It was September 1st at last, and Lucy was all packed and ready to drive to King's Cross with Mrs Cole in a short fifteen minutes, and Nathan was oblivious. She'd held off telling Nathan for a few reasons. One, she was too busy reading her many books on hexes, and two, she knew he'd protest."I'll write to you," Lucy shrugged like it was no big deal. She wasn't too worried about their short-lived friendship fizzling out while she was away; if it did, she was sure she'd meet someone to fill his place. It may be a mean thought, but Nathan was friends with her bully. Although, Jennifer was in no position of power, and Lucy was not in the least bit intimidated by her. Even when they managed to push her to the ground or steal her dinner. Jennifer was more of a house pest that she had to repeatedly brush off, one that occasionally stung."When are you coming back?" Nathan frowned."Next summer. You'll have plenty of people to keep you company," Lucy said, unmoved. She kept glancing at the clock, wishing that she could be at the train station faster. She'd left Hogwarts: A History to read on the train. She'd already read all her books two or three times in the last month, and she was eager to finally sit down and look through the book.Come on, he's upset, her conscience nagged, but Lucy couldn't find it in her to put forth any empathy."Alright," Nathan said, defeated. "I wish I could go to your school.""Me too," Lucy said honestly. She wasn't sure if she'd make any friends there, but Nathan's eleventh birthday had already passed; there was no way he was a wizard.He smiled, evidently unable to stay upset for long. "You look nice, though. We don't get enough chances to dress up."It was true. For the occasion, Mrs Cole insisted on buying Lucy one new outfit for her acceptance to such a 'gifted school'. She had on a yellow sweater and a black skirt, paired with a new set of black flats. It seemed like the occasion of her leaving Wool's Orphanage for most of the year brought Mrs Cole to send forward some extra generosity."Thanks," Lucy grinned as Nathan's face turned scarlet. Mrs Cole appeared in the doorway, and she gave him a quick hug to subdue him. "See ya in the summer!" she called over her shoulder and ran out the door."Don't run in the hallways," Mrs Cole's voice rang out.The ride to King's Cross was filled with many sighs from Mrs Cole and distractions from Lucy. Time and time again Mrs Cole had to remind the young girl to keep still, and it was only when Lucy stuck her head out the window like a dog that she gave up trying. Compared to her pulling at the threads of her new sweater and drumming her fingers against the dashboard, this was welcomed.Mrs Cole turned to her as Lucy loaded her things onto her trolley. "Now, I expect you to behave yourself. It's not everyday a child from Wool's is accepted into such a private institution. Now that I think about it, the last time was about sixty years ago, back when I was only twenty two... Better times back then... Well, I don't want you to be the only one of the two to be expelled. Do you understand me?""Yes, ma'am," Lucy said absentmindedly, her mind going on autopilot as usual whenever Mrs Cole lectured her. "Wait, who was the other one?"Mrs Cole grimaced at the memory. "Tom Riddle. Don't know what's happened to him now, and I don't particularly want to. I heard he worked at a shop. A bit of a brat, he was. At least you never snark off to me."Lucy couldn't see why anyone would snark off to Mrs Cole. The woman had a nasty stink eye, and while Lucy was annoyed endlessly by her restrictions and lectures, she was just an old lady who tried to be fair. "Sounds like a prick," she said. Secretly, she supported Tom Riddle in his evil endeavors toward the staff."Language," Mrs Cole admonished, but she didn't disagree. She squinted down at her watch. "I think I need a new prescription... does this say it's 10:50?"Lucy's eyes widened. "I have ten minutes! Bye, Mrs Cole, have a good year!" she told her quickly before turning and rolling her cart into the station as fast a she could."Don't forget to mind your manners!" Mrs Cole called after her.She looked for platform nine and three-quarters, but it appeared that there was no such place. It was only when she saw two boys - one with red hair, and another with black hair - disappear through a wall between 9 and 10 that she knew what to do. She quickly thanked whatever gods were out there for allowing her to see this before she sprinted in after them.Her instincts kicked in about halfway through her sprinting to the brick wall, and she heard a few non-magic bystanders gasp as she suddenly disappeared through it. Screw this Statue of Secrecy — she had a damn train to catch!Lucy ditched the trolley and picked her backpack up with ease — she mentally thanked Professor McGonagall for the extension and weightless charms she'd placed on it — and ran onto the train with a few minutes to spare. Halfway through her search for an empty compartment, she felt the train start moving. Shrugging, she continued on anyways until she found a familiar face near the end of it."Harry?" Lucy asked, sliding the glass door open. He was sitting with another boy with red hair, and then it hit her — they were the two she saw running through the barrier. "You two seemed just as late as I was getting to this thing," she grinned.Harry grinned at her. "Hi, Lucy. Did you bring your book?""Yes!" She sat down beside the boy with red hair and dug through her backpack. She pulled out her cauldron, uniform, eight textbooks, her telescope, a set of brass scales, and her set of crystal phials before finally taking out Hogwarts: a History. Both boys stared at her with wide eyes."What?" Lucy asked numbly.The red haired boy shook his head, his eyes still wide. "Blimey..." he muttered under his breath."I know. I had to put it at the bottom," Lucy sighed. She stowed away everything except for her uniform and handed the book over to Harry. She wanted to read it, but she supposed she'd see Hogwarts soon enough, and she had the rest of the year to continue. After Harry began to flip through the pages, she turned to the other boy. "I'm Lucy, Lucy with no last name." She pointed to her sweater then realized she wasn't wearing that particular shirt. "Damn," she sighed again."I'm Ron Weasley. What d'you mean, you've got no last name?" Ron asked curiously."I was born without one, I think. Or the orphanage took it away," Lucy shrugged. Ron's eyes widened at this piece of information, but she continued on like nothing was different. "It's a brilliant conversation starter, isn't it?""Definitely," Harry said. He set the book to the side. "Are all your family wizards, Ron?""Er — yes., I think so," Ron said, caught off guard by the sudden attention. "I think Mum's got a second cousin who's an accountant, but we never talk about him.""I wonder why," Lucy thought aloud."It's 'cause he's a squib," Ron explained. "He was all bitter about having no magic, so he left. Think he's got a daughter — Mafalda, but I hear she's going to Ilvermorny over in the States.""Cool," she grinned. An American wizarding school? She made a mental note to ask about other schools, or at the very least read about it."So if all your family's wizards, then you must know loads of magic already," Lucy reasoned.She got the feeling that Harry was about to ask the same thing. Orphaned minds think alike, she supposed.Ron shrugged. "I heard you went to live with Muggles. What are they like?""Horrible — well, not all of them," Harry corrected. "My aunt and cousin are, though. Wish I'd had three wizard brothers.""Five," Ron grimaced. "I'm the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say I've got a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left — Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy's a prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks they're really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others, but if I do, it's no big deal, because they did it first. You never get anything new, either, with five brothers. I've got Bill's old robes, Charlie's old wand, and Percy's old rat.""But I thought the wand chose the wizard," Lucy said, frowning. "How've you got your brother's wand if it's his wand?""It's really my uncle Bilius's, but when he died, it got handed down to Charlie. I guess now that Charlie's old enough he's gone and bought his own," Ron explained, looking a bit envious. "So it's a hand-me-down-down."She nodded thoughtfully. "You've got a rat?" She wondered if Grayble would try to eat it, but then again, he had once been a bed. The most Grayble would catch were small mice and baby rats.Ron pulled out a fat gray rat out of his jacket. It was snoozing, but even laying down it was bigger than Grayble. Grayble took one look at the rat and then did what looked to be a cat version of a shrug - an odd twitch of his nose and flick of his tail - and he fell asleep on Lucy's lap."His name's Scabbers," Ron went on, "and he's useless. He hardly ever wakes up. Percy got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff — I mean, I got Scabbers instead."As Ron's ears turned a shade of pink, Lucy knew the perfect way to make him feel better. "I didn't buy Grayble here either," Lucy told him. "When Dumbledore told me I was a witch, he showed me by turning my bed into a cat."Grayble opened his eyes at this. He appeared confused, as confused as a cat could physically look. "Don't worry, that doesn't make you any less of a feline," Lucy assured him."Your cat was a bed?" Ron's eyes bugged out slightly. "Does he act any different?""He sleeps a lot," Lucy shrugged. "I'm glad I didn't have to buy him. Haven't really got any money.""I never had either," Harry added. "Only that day in Diagon Alley, and then I opened my parent's vault in Gringotts. The Dursleys only gave me Dudley — my cousin's — old clothes, and on my birthday I once only got a coat hanger. They don't like me at all.""That's terrible!" Lucy gaped. Ron, however, looked a bit more cheery after realizing he wasn't the only one with a history of hand-me-downs."And up until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about being a wizard or my parents or Voldemort — "Ron let out a loud, dramatic gasp. It lasted several seconds, and Lucy was quite impressed by the theatrics of it after he'd finished."What?" Harry asked."You said You-Know-Who's name!" Ron exclaimed. "I'd have thought you, of all people — ""I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name." Harry frowned. "I just never knew you shouldn't. See what I mean? I've got loads to learn... I bet, I bet I'm the worst in the class.""You won't be," Ron assured him. "There's loads of people who come from Muggle families and they learn quick enough.""I don't know any magic either," Lucy lied. She spent the rest of her summer obsessively reading her books, soaking in all the knowledge she could... Still, it was unbecoming to brag. "Which is why I want to practice some in the compartment, before we arrive if you don't mind.""Not at all," Ron said.For awhile after that, the compartment grew quiet as the boys gazed out the window at the passing countryside. Apart from Lucy's flipping through the pages of her spells book, there was no noise.After practicing wand movements, Lucy pulled a borrowed yo-yo from Jennifer out of her pocket and pointed at it with her wand. "Duro," she said clearly, and it turned into stone.Lucy beamed and picked it up — her first real spell! Harry and Ron gazed at it with an impressed look on their faces. Feeling confident now, she took off her shoe and said it again. This time, however, it didn't work."I don't know whether to be disappointed or not," Lucy stated."I'd be grateful," Ron grinned. "That's a waste of a shoe."It seemed this interruption came just in time. A woman slid open the glass door and offered them a dimpled smile. "Anything off the trolley, dears?"Harry jumped to his feet while Ron and Lucy stayed seated. "I brought sandwiches," Ron muttered.Lucy suddenly felt a pang of regret for going on a hunger strike for the past two days. It was really to annoy Jennifer Bishop, who would always wait until she showed up to get her into trouble with Mrs Cole. Mrs Cole had brought her a packed lunch in the car, but in her hurry to get onto the train, she forgot it.Harry returned with his arms full of a ridiculous amount of sweets."Hungry, are you?" Ron asked, staring as Harry dumped it all onto a seat."Just a bit, I reckon," Lucy nodded. "Oi, that looks like a good appetizer, Potter."Harry laughed. "I'm starving."Ron took out his lunch and unwrapped it, pulling out four sandwiches. "She always forgets I don't like corned beef," he intoned."Swap you for one of these," Harry held up a pasty. "Go on — ""You don't want this, it's all dry," Ron's ears turned pink again. "She hasn't got much time, you know, with the five of us.""Go on, have a pasty. You too, Lucy."It took a few minutes, but Harry had coaxed the others into sharing his candies.She took a bite off a chocolate frog. "I'm allergic to chocolate," she remembered, but shoved the frog in her mouth anyways. She'd feel the pain later tonight when she'd either cramp up or vomit.Harry stared at her. "Don't eat it if you're allergic," he said worriedly."Happiness is only brought after waves of pain," Lucy said wisely. It was so uncharacteristic that Ron and Harry both were stunned to silence. "Blimey, I'm talking about chocolate allergies, not about every day life," she laughed."What are those, anyways?" Harry examined a pack of chocolate frogs himself. "They're not really frogs, are they?"Lucy hoped that she hadn't just eaten a chocolate-coated frog. She wouldn't know the difference; that was the first time she'd tried chocolate, since Mrs Cole wouldn't let her, with her allergies and all that. Damn those allergy tests they made the children take..."No," Ron said. "But see what the card is. I'm missing Agrippa.""What?" Harry stared.Lucy took his advice and looked at her own card, and she saw a picture of a baby on it. "Harry Potter," she read aloud. She looked over at Harry with a grin. "Hey, that's you! I'd like my name on a chocolate frog..."Harry, despite looking a bit disturbed at the fact he was pictured on a card for thousands to see, brightened a bit as he looked at his own card. "So this is Dumbledore!" Harry exclaimed, taking in the man's eccentric appearance."Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!" Ron gaped. It was funny, Lucy thought, how wizards were just as oblivious to muggle life as muggles were to them. "Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa — thanks — ""He's gone!" said Harry abruptly."Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," Ron shrugged. "He'll be back. No, I've got Morgana again and I've got about six of her... do you want it? You can start collecting."Smirking, Lucy handed Harry her own card too. He promptly tore it in half. "That's creepy," he complained."How'd they even get a picture of you?" She wondered.Harry shook his head and tore open a licorice wand. "I don't want to know."The three began to open more and more candy. They could've been on that train for a full twelve hours, and they still wouldn't be able to reach the bottom of Harry's pile. Ron and Harry were particularly interested in the Chocolate Frogs — Ron in the chocolate, and Harry in the cards — but she was already feeling a bit sick after eating one. A few hives were beginning to appear on her arms, and she figured she'd have to write Mrs Cole to send her some medicine if they didn't go away. She regretted her actions only a little, glad to have been able to say that she'd eaten enchanted chocolate.Harry tore open a package of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, and Ron gave him a warning. "You want to be careful with those. When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor — you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George reckons he had a booger-flavored one once."To prove his point, Ron plucked a lime colored bean out of the package. He nibbled on the corner of it and promptly pulled a face: "Bleaaargh — see? Sprouts."Harry began to divide up the package until everyone had an even amount, and then they began to embark on a competition. Whoever spat out the least amount would get the rest of the licorice wands; the wager had first been chocolate frogs, but the boys realized that Lucy would have nothing to lose, so they picked her favorite of the candies.Lucy picked a pink out out of the package, figuring it couldn't be too terrible. "Bloody hell —" Lucy pulled an exaggerated look of disgust as she swallowed it. "Pepto Bismol!"Harry laughed, while Ron looked confused. He looked on the back of the package. "That's not a flavor, is it?""It's actually bubblegum," Lucy grinned.By the time they'd finished their game, Harry and Ron had spat nearly every bad flavored one they'd got into the box. Lucy — apart from the vomit, soap, and burnt-wood marshmallow ones — had managed to eat all of hers. She held the many licorice wands in her hand with a look of dismay."After all those, I never want to eat again," she groaned. Ron and Harry snickered just as another boy knocked and walked in.He had a round face and blonde hair, and despite its length Lucy could still see that he'd been crying. "Sorry, but have you seen a toad at all?""Ooh! There's a spell I've been wanting to try!" Lucy grinned. "Accio toad!"Nothing happened. The boy looked more upset than before."Don't worry, I'll try it again."It took about forty times — fifty-four, according to Ron, and about twenty minutes of the boys laughing at her expense — and the boy had left at that point, but finally a large toad came flying into the compartment. It nearly hit a window, but Harry caught it with natural precision. Ron seemed surprised that she'd managed it."I know a spell to turn Scabbers yellow," Ron offered. "I dunno if it'll work, but it'll make him loads more exciting. I'll show you, look..."He pulled out a wand that did indeed look like it'd been in the hands of two predecessors. It was battered and had chips along the shaft of it, and at the end a piece of hair was pointing out. Following their gaze, Ron reddened. "Unicorn hair's nearly poking out. Anyway — " he raised his wand, but someone opened the compartment door again. Lucy resisted the urge to roll her eyes; was knocking unheard of these days?"Has anyone seen a toad? Neville's lost one," a girl with bushy brown hair said. She struck Lucy as bossy right away."Yeah, Lucy's just used a spell to find it," Harry said proudly. The girl narrowed her eyes at Lucy, and she had no idea what she'd done. Usually people didn't like Lucy because she went out of her way to irk them, but this girl had shoved into their compartment. Lucy raised her eyebrows back at her, almost challenging her, and decided that she did not like this girl.The girl quickly looked over at Ron, whose arm was still poised to cast a spell."Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see it, then."She sat down next to Harry with no invitation. Lucy and Ron shared a subtle look that nobody else could manage to decipher."Do it," Lucy encouraged. "Come on, I bet it'll work.""Er — alright. Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, turn this stupid, fat rat yellow."For a few seconds, nothing happened. The girl smirked. "Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it — "All of a sudden, the rat turned a bright yellow color, identical to the color of Lucy's sweater. Ron's red face suddenly brightened, and he beamed. "I thought it wouldn't work!"Nobody but Harry saw Lucy slide her wand back into her sleeve.The girl looked annoyed at this. "I suppose, but it's a bit too long for my liking. I've tried a few simple sells just for practice, too, and they've all worked right away. Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it's the best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard — I've learned all our course books by heart, of course — I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?"The three sat in a stunned silence for a few moments.Finally, Ron muttered, "I'm Ron Weasley."Lucy didn't want to say anything, but Hermione turned to her expectantly."Lucy," she forced out."Harry Potter," Harry said, still a bit dazed."Are you really?" asked Hermione, her eyebrows shooting up. "I know all about you, of course — " Did she know how Harry grew up? Or what his favorite color is? Lucy thought bitingly. "I got a few extra books for background reading, and you're in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and you're in Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.""Am I?" Harry asked, appearing dismayed at this news."Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it was me."Harry looked ready to argue this point, but Lucy beat him to it. "If it was you, I think you'd find reading about your parents dying a bit unsettling, don't you think?" she cut in.Hermione blushed and had the decency to look ashamed. "Sorry, I didn't think about it like that... I guess I wouldn't. Do you know what house you'll be in? I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad... Anyway, I'd better go and give Neville his toad back, and then change. You three should, too, I expect we'll be there soon."After she left, Ron turned to Lucy angrily. "Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it. Can't believe it worked, though. I suppose it's not good for anything else, is it?"Already the yellow was fading, and Ron sighed."What House are your brothers in?" Harry asked in an attempt to cheer Ron up."Gryffindor. Mum and Dad were in it, too. I don't know what they'll say if I'm not. I don't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in Slytherin," Ron grimaced at the thought."That's the house Vol - I mean, You-Know-Who was in?"Ron slumped down in his seat. "Yeah.""I want to be in Hufflepuff," Lucy declared. Harry gave her a shocked look."After what that boy said?" he asked. "About it being a load of duffers?""Harry, you should know by now that I am a duffer," Lucy grinned. "You both are fit to be Gryffindors, though. Not smart enough for Ravenclaw and too lazy for Slytherin."Ron cracked a small smile at this, but it soon faded.Harry decided to try something else. "So what do your oldest brothers do now that they've left, anyway?"Lucy was also interested in wizarding careers — there was no way in heck she'd resort to a muggle job after discovering all this."Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing something for Gringotts." Ron shot up suddenly. "Did you hear about Gringotts? It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you two get that wish Muggles — someone tried to rob a high security vault.""Really? What happened to them?" Harry asked, and Lucy leaned forwards in her seat to listen."Nothing. That's why it's such big news," Ron explained. "They haven't been caught. My dad says it must've been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts, but they don't think they took anything, that's what's odd. 'Course, everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case You-Know-Who's behind it."They were silent for a few minutes, mulling over this new information. Lucy knew from her reading that this Voldemort character was a powerful Dark wizard — a Dark Lord, apparently — yet she couldn't find it in her to fear him. He sounded like a giant git, that was for sure, and if she'd ever meet him, she'd be sure to give him a piece of her mind for killing Harry's parents. Ron and Harry were her first real friends. Nathan was more of an acquaintance, and everyone else in Wool's Orphanage were prats. Already, from when Hermione tried to insult Ron's attempts at spellwork to when Draco Malfoy was acting rude to Harry at Diagon Alley, did she decide she'd fight for them. Loyalty was never much of a question to her before."What's your Quidditch team?" Ron asked suddenly."Er — I don't know any," Harry confessed."What's Quidditch?" Lucy asked, dumbfounded."What! Oh, you guys wait, it's the best game in the world — there's seven players on a team, right? Only seven allowed, apart from the reserves. There's three chasers, one keeper, two beaters, and one seeker. The chasers try and throw the Quaffle through one of three hoops, and the keeper needs to block it," Ron began, and Lucy found this far more interesting than Gringotts break-ins."What's a Quaffle?" Harry asked."It's one of the four balls in the games. The quaffle's just the one you have to throw through the hoops. Then there's the beaters — they have these bats to hit bludgers either at players or away from players. A bludger," he added at Harry's confused look, "is a ball that sometimes locks on a player, but once the beater hits it away, it'll go onto someone else. Keeps the beaters busy. There's two of them, so you need to stay aware. I think Fred and George are beaters on the Gryffindor team... then there's the seeker. The seeker just tries to find the golden snitch — that's the fourth ball. It's tiny and the seeker spends the game looking for it. When the seeker's caught it, the game's over, and the team basically wins with all the points they get. 150 points from just catching a snitch. One time we played out in the yard — "Ron was cut off suddenly when the compartment door opened, and in walked Draco Malfoy and two other boys. The other two resembled gorillas or some form of primates, and he glanced at Lucy only once before peering down at Harry."Is it true? They're saying all down the train that Harry Potter's in this compartment. So it's you, is it?"Lucy felt a stab of annoyance. She was sick of everyone pointed at Harry like he was a showcase in a museum. And, as a girl without parents, she could firmly say that being reminded of having no parents sucked."Yes," Harry said, eyeing the two ape boys."Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle. And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."Ron bit back a laugh."Think my name's funny, do you?" Malfoy snapped. "No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford." He turned to face Harry again. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there."He held out his hand for a handshake, but Harry kept his hands in his lap. Harry arched an eyebrow at Malfoy. "I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks."Malfoy turned slightly pink, like he'd been slapped in the face. "I'd be careful if I were you, Potter. Unless you're a bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. They didn't know what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."All three leapt to their feet."Say that again," Ron growled."Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" Malfoy sneered."Unless you get out now," Harry snapped.Lucy was perhaps the most unsettling of the three. She glared at Malfoy with a poisonous gleam in her eyes. It was hard to describe, Harry thought, but it looked like she might either tackle Malfoy right then and there, or she'd slip toxins into his drink."But we don't feel like leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our food and you still seem to have some."Goyle reached for the Chocolate Frogs, and at that moment, Grayble jumped onto Crabbe's arm and bit into his lard, and Scabbers sunk his yellowed teeth into Goyle's knuckle. At the same time, Lucy stormed up to Malfoy and whispered in his ear:"If you ever say anything like that again in front of me, I will get you." Her voice was soft, but when she pulled back, her eyes carried a storm within them. It took all of her willpower not to take out her wand and use some of her newfound magic to its most dangerous potential.She needn't tell him exactly what 'get you' meant in order to make him and his friends retreat. Grayble finally released Crabbe as Goyle sent Scabbers flying into the window. Hermione Granger walked in moments later, her hands on her hips."What has been going on?" she demanded."I think he's been knocked out," Ron mumbled to Harry. "No — I don't believe it — he's gone back to sleep!""That's one weird rat," Lucy laughed."You're met Malfoy before?" Ron asked all of a sudden.Lucy and Harry explained each of their instances with the nasty boy. Ron and Harry raised their eyebrows when they heard her say she promised to get into Hufflepuff. "You seem like more of a Gryffindor to me. Maybe a Slytherin. You've got that glare," Ron commented."Naw, I'll get into Hufflepuff. I've already got my mind set on it.""You'd better hurry up and put your robes on," Hermione interjected. "I've just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says we're nearly there. You haven't been fighting, have you? You'll be in trouble before we even get there!"Lucy took this as an excuse to escape the bossy girl. She grabbed her uniform and left to change in the bathroom. She came back in long, cozy black robes, and she liked them immediately. Most of Hogwarts would be spent in autumn and winter, after all, and it was a relief to have such a warm uniform."I'm digging these," Lucy twirled around in them once. "Bet they'd look better with a Hufflepuff tie, though.""Or a Gryffindor one," Ron said wistfully."We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes time," came the conductor's voice from over the intercom. "Please leave your luggage on the train; it will be taken to the school separately."As Ron and Harry shoved any sweets they could into their pockets, Lucy tucked her licorice wands away in her backpack pocket.She wasn't sure if it was from the chocolate or her nerves, but Lucy felt awfully sick as they stepped off the train.

Lucy, Ron, and Harry all huddled together as they exited the train. Taller students bustled past them and towards lone carriages in the distance, and it left Lucy feeling smaller than ever. Two students brushing past cast Ron an odd look; he and Harry had stuffed their pockets full of sweets, and it left their robes looking lumpy. When Lucy told them this, the boys were quick to dump the candies onto the ground.One boy slipped on a peppermint and fell to the ground. Lucy didn't bother her laugh and the boy fixed her with a glare. "What gives?" he scowled, his face turning a deep shade of red.She only continued snickering and Harry had to tug her along by her robes because she was laughing so hard.She was such a git.He and Ron were heading for a tall, wide man who looked like would be about the height of two Mrs Cole's stacked on each other. Lucy recognized him from Diagon Alley and beamed at him. "Firs' years over here!" he was calling. As they walked into a clearing, the man beamed down at Harry from behind his thick beard. "All right there, Harry?"Harry nodded at him happily. "That's Hagrid, the gamekeeper at Hogwarts," he whispered to Ron and Lucy as they followed the giant man closely. "He's the one who took me to Diagon Alley.""He looks awesome," Lucy repeated, staring at Hagrid. She wondered how someone could get that tall and if it was normal for wizards. She shuddered a bit, imagining Ron and Harry growing to the size of the gamekeeper.They headed down a steep path that was ridiculously narrow for a large group of eleven-year-old children. Lucy found it a bit hard to enjoy the scenery when it smelled like some kids had not heard of deodorant, and she finally pulled her robes over her nose. Draco Malfoy, who just so happened to look over his shoulder at that moment, gave her an odd look. She pulled down her robes just long enough to pull a face at him, and he rolled his eyes as he turned back to face the front."Yeh'll get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid pointed at the curved path ahead of them. The trees were thinning. Lucy could see some lights from beyond the brush. "jus' round this bend here."The children around her gasped collectively; a huge black lake had come into view the moment they rounded the corner. The trees came to an abrupt halt, and sitting atop a great mountain across the lake was Hogwarts. She'd been expecting a normal boarding school, but this was a magnificent castle with lots of towers and windows. There was another forest nearby. From what Lucy could see, it was connected to the one they'd just walked out of."No more'n four to a boat!" Hagrid yelled, and he stepped into one boat, taking up the entire space and then some. Lucy didn't follow Harry and Ron into a rowboat, instead heading over to an empty one. Something about the night air made her feel adventurous. She was joined by three others in a matter of seconds; there was the boy she'd laughed at earlier, a girl with long, brown hair, and finally there was a boy with olive skin, and he looked awfully nervous.The brown haired girl beamed at Lucy. "Hi! I'm Megan Jones. I'm so excited to be here! Do you see how amazing the castle looks? I bet it'll take years just to walk around it. Do you think they'll have a map? Or a tour? Or even golf-carts?"Lucy blinked at her. Megan Jones reminded her a bit of that Hermione girl, but she seemed less stuck up and more genuinely happy to share her excitement. "I'm Lucy, Lucy With-No-Last-Name."The boy she'd laughed at was glaring at her. Lucy stared right back at him, and they held their gaze for a long time. Their eye contact was only broken when Lucy pulled the funniest face possible, and it made the boy duck to hide his grin."That was weird," Megan commented, staring in between them. "Do you know each other?""No —" the boy began."Yes, known each other our entire lives—" Lucy said at the same time.Megan grinned. "So you don't know each other.""How do you know I'm the one lying?" Lucy demanded. "Have you seen this boy? He's a menace. Real git, he is. Dumped candy all over the floor and laughed when I slipped on that.""You did that," the boy rolled his eyes."See? Lying again. You can't trust men, Megan Jones."Megan laughed at this as the boy gaped at her in disbelief. She simply turned back to admire the scenery, watching the undisturbed water pass by. She leaned over — ignoring the boy's protests as the boat rocked — and stuck her hand in the water. There were no ripples, not even when she moved her hand back in forth in attempts to disturb the peaceful water.The boats docked themselves underground. There was a dark tunnel they had to head through, and the only sounds were the hushed whispers of nervous students. Lucy stepped out of the boat with ease, and she just managed to catch Megan before she face-planted into the rocks."Oy, you there! Is this your toad?" Hagrid asked Neville, who held out his hands to take Trevor with glee. They had to trek up a passageway with only Hagrid's lamp to guide them, and a few minutes later they finally reached the dewy, flat grass laying in front of the castle.Lucy weaved in between students and caught up to Ron and Harry. Her legs felt like jelly and her heart was pounding in her chest as she walked up a large flight of stairs to stand in front of a giant wooden door."Everyone here?" asked Hagrid. "You there, still got yer toad?"Gulping, Neville nodded his head."Good then," Hagrid said, and he turned around and pounded his fist on the oak door three times. There was not a moment's pause when the door swung open, and in the doorway stood Professor McGonagall herself. She eyed everyone suspiciously. Lucy thought she might be spotting out the troublemakers, and once her eyes lingered on Lucy herself, she was proven correct."The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," Hagrid said.Professor McGonagall's features softened. "Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."They followed Professor McGonagall though the large entrance hall and they stopped outside a a large door. Hundreds of voices could be easily heard, which made Lucy think that the journey to the school was made extra dramatic for the first years."Welcome to Hogwarts," Professor McGonagall greeted. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your Houses."Hufflepuff, Lucy thought at once. At this point she was committed. She had to spite Draco Malfoy. She had to."The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your House will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your House, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room." Lucy wondered why it was called a House, but she didn't dare interrupt Professor McGonagall's speech. "The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn you house points — " Professor McGongall's eyes lingered on Hermione Granger and Harry. "— while any rule-breaking will lose House points."Lucy was quite miffed when Professor McGonagall looked directly at her."At the end of the year, the House with the most points is awarded the House Cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whatever House becomes yours. The Sorting Ceremony itself will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting."This time, Professor McGonagall looked at the state of Neville's robes and the dirt on Ron's nose. Lucy was quite to hand him a napkin she'd stolen off of the train, just in case she'd need to blow her nose."I shall return when we are ready for you. Please wait quietly... and Lucille, I'll need to have a word with you."She felt awfully sick all of a sudden. Had she already broken a rule? She couldn't be expelled before she'd even started, could she? The image of her being sent home on the train and Mrs Cole's disappointed look and Jennifer's sneers and her dreary, boring room made her heart pound in her ears, and she could feel Ron and Harry's eyes on her as she followed Professor McGongall into the Great Hall. She couldn't appreciate the wonderful star-grazed sky nor the bewitched candles, not when she was so nervous..."What've I done?" Lucy asked at once, her posture tense.Professor McGongall looked at her in surprise. "You haven't done anything!" Lucy could feel a giant weight lift off of her shoulders, but she was still wondering why she was out here. "Part of the Sorting Ceremony involves the calling of your last name before your first, and we cannot simply call you by your first name. Think very carefully, Lucy, because what name you pick now shall be your name for the rest of your Hogwarts career and may very well continue past your graduation."At once, a flurry of horrific last names flooded into her mind.Worter. Clorick. Bullocks. Gandish. Lucy shuddered at the the thought of living with that.She didn't want a common one like Smith or Jones, but she also didn't want a dramatic one like Fireshield or Griffinrider. They'd be a bit over the top, especially for the muggle world.She thought long and hard, sifting through her mind for something, anything. She saw Professor McGongall grow impatient which prompted Lucy to spit out the first thing she thought of."Rochester!""Rochester?" Professor McGonagall repeated. She looked pleased at this answer, probably expecting something worse from an eleven-year-old. "Lucy Rochester," she tested it out. "Wise choice. Well, Ms. Rochester, I trust you can find your way back into the hall."She hurried away to the questioning eyes of her peers, and immediately recounted what'd happened to Harry and Ron."Lucy Rochester," Ron tried. He grinned and elbowed her. "Sounds brilliant. Where'd you come up with that?""If I told you, I'd have to kill you."She really didn't want to reveal to anyone why she chose the name she did. For one, it was a matter of suspense, and it was also a silly reason.Lucy kept saying her own name over and over again. "Lucy Rochester. Lucille Rochester. Luc-y-ille Rochester. Lucille Eve Gina Esmee Naomi Diana Eleine Rochester.""You have that many last names?" Harry asked, raising his eyebrows at her."Nope. I just wanted to spell out Legender." Lucy grinned.Hermione rolled her eyes from beside them. "That's not even a real word," she said, frowning at her. "Why did you pick Rochester? It's an odd name, isn't it? Why did you leave anyways? You missed the ghosts, and it caused quite a lot of unrest. Everybody was whispering.""Your name is Hermione," Lucy reminded her, staring at Hermione blankly. "And if you'd really been eavesdropping as much as you were, you'd know I left to pick a last name."Professor McGonagall walked back into the hall at that moment, saving Lucy from Hermione's response."The Sorting Ceremony's about to start," she announced. Everybody was silent at once. "Now, form a line, and follow me."

Now that her mind was clear, Lucy could appreciate the beauty of the Great Hall, but she thought that watching her peer's reactions was more interesting. Ron's jaw had dropped and Harry's emerald eyes were wide, the candlelight reflecting off them in a wonderful way. She felt a warm feeling in the pit of her stomach — for once, she didn't feel like an orphan at all. Maybe this was what it felt to belong?Professor McGonagall led the awed first years up a short staircase and to the upper part of the hall, where a lone stool stood in the middle. There were no dragons nor trolls to fight, but Professor McGonagall set a ratty wizard's hat down on the stool. Lucy didn't find it too threatening, but she gaped when a rip at the brim of the hat opened like a makeshift mouth. Then, out of all the things the hat could've done, it began to sing."Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can find,A smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,your tap hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat,and I can cap them all!There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youwhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalryset Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,If you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou'll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on! Don't be afraid!And don't get in a flap!You're in safe hands (though I have none)For I'm a thinking cap!"Lucy was one of the many to clap her hardest as the Sorting Hat finished its song. It was no opera singer, but she'd be damned if that hat didn't write better songs than the rubbish Wool's staff played on the radio.Ron leaned over to she and Harry and whispered, "So we've just got to try on the hat! I'll kill Fred; he was going on about wrestling a troll!""Let's not get our hopes up," Lucy sighed. Though she only just picked up a few spells, she was also a bit disappointed that all they had to do was try on a hat. It'd be a lot more entertaining if they had to fight a troll, that was for sure. "I hope someday I get to meet a troll.""Here's hoping one shows up to Hogwarts," Ron grinned, and Lucy bit back a laugh for Harry's sake. He looked a tad green as he stared at the eyes of the older students."When I call your name," Professor McGonagall said, drawing their attention. "You will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted. Abbot, Hannah!""HUFFLEPUFF!" the hat shouted.Lucy turned her attention back to Harry, who was looking more nervous with each passing second. "What's up with you?" she asked him."What if you don't get picked? If the hat can't decide?" Harry blurted out. Lucy didn't know the answer, but luckily for the two of them, Ron did."C'mon, there hasn't been a wizard in history who hasn't been sorted! If you're not sorted you're a squib, and, well, squibs don't even get an acceptance letter, do they?""Yeah," Lucy agreed like she'd known that the entire time. "If you don't get sorted into a house, I'll eat that dirty hat up there."Ron snickered at the mental image, and Harry managed to crack a smile.Time seemed to creep by as Lucy, Ron, and Harry waited for one of their names to be called. She wasn't surprised to see Megan Jones sorted into Hufflepuff, but she did notice that the boy she'd laughed at on the platform's name was Wayne Hopkins, and he too had made it into the house of the Badgers. She'd sighed in relief when Hermione Granger was sorted into Gryffindor — a house she didn't want to get into, for the sheer fact that everyone else did. If she was sorted into Gryffindor, she wanted it to be because she belonged there, not because it was popular."Potter, Harry!""Good luck," Lucy whispered, giving him a pat on the back. She was reminded he was famous once more because all the students in the Great Hall turned their heads to get a look at the Boy-Who-Lived. The entire thirty seconds it took for the hat to decide, the hall was completely silent, leaning forwards in anticipation. Even Professor McGonagall lowered her stern demeanor to appear curious."GRYFFINDOR!"Everyone burst into applause, clapping louder than they had when the Hat had finished its song. Ron's brothers, George and Fred, were chanting, "We've got Potter! We've got Potter!" in sync, and Professor McGonagall had to clear her throat a total of three times in order to capture everyone's attention once more.But hardly anyone cared about the sorting anymore. They were all looking over at Harry, which rubbed some of the first years the wrong way. Lucy however was happy for the distraction, and she walked up happily as Professor McGonagall called her name."Rochester, Lucille.""Cheers, mate," Ron said. Lucy grinned at him and walked towards the school, her nerves settled for the time being.The sorting hat fell over her eyes and onto the brim of her nose. Shortly after, a small voice murmured in her ear. "Ah... I could see you going a number of ways, Ms. Rochester... Definitely not Ravenclaw, no. A little rude for Gryffindor, are you?"Hurtful, she thought back.The hat continued on without apologizing, which she hadn't expected the sorting hat to do in the first place. "You have lots of bravery, but that's not what you value most, is it? No, definitely not... You wouldn't do too bad in Slytherin. You're plenty ambitious and cunning..."Her stomach dropped. It was bad enough that her wand thought she was a dark wizard, but now the hat was thinking of sorting her into a house with a bad reputation? She thought of Ron, who thought Slytherin was terrible. Not Slytherin, please. Draco Malfoy's an ugly git, and I really have to prove him wrong."Not Slytherin...? it's tempting, but ultimately Slytherin would not help you grow. You would be good in Slytherin, but perhaps Slytherin would not be good for you. It'd hold you back... Well, that leaves one more. Not very patient, I see, but I sense an iron will. You're not exactly afraid to get your hands dirty, are you?"You can talk, Lucy thought, remembering how filthy the hat looked."Hurtful. Well, better be — ""HUFFLEPUFF!"

The older Hufflepuffs were more than welcoming when it came to meeting new people, but despite how surreal being at Hogwarts at last was, she couldn't help but feel a little disappointed that she was separated from her first real friends. Ron had unsurprisingly made it into Gryffindor despite his worries, and Lucy had made it into the house she'd been hoping for in the first place. But she didn't quite understand what the hat meant when it said she'd be a good Slytherin. From what Ron said about the house, she figured it'd be best to keep that small fact to herself.Lucy looked up as Albus Dumbledore rose to his feet and beamed at everyone. "Welcome! Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you."She clapped loudly, feeling a little confused but not exactly surprised. He'd acted strange when she'd first met him, but he'd also been a little cautious for some unfathomable reason. Lucy couldn't dwell on it for much longer; before her eyes, the golden and silver platters appeared, filled up with more food than she'd ever seen in her entire life. The orphanage provided them food, but it was rare that anyone enjoyed it. They stopped buying quality ingredients before she was old enough to appreciate it, and except from holidays, the children were served porridge or oatmeal for breakfast, mostly gruel or boiled hamburger patties for lunch, and canned goods or leftover lunch for dinner. It stopped tasting bad after awhile; by the time Lucy turned eight, she couldn't really taste her meals anymore."This is just like my dad's cooking," Megan Jones sighed happily as she scooped more scalloped potatoes onto her plate.Hannah Abbott smiled from beside Susan Bones. "My mum says that if Hogwarts had a restaurant, we'd never make anything ourselves. I wouldn't mind either; Mum's a terrible cook."Megan turned to face Lucy, who was busy gazing up at the floating candles in awe. "What about you?" She asked, not wanting to exclude her. "Are your parents good or bad at cooking?"She could feel her face heat up and she looked away from Megan. She directed her attention up to the bewitched ceiling trying not to let her face betray the sinking feeling in her chest. Should she tell them..? No. She'd only ruin the mood. Only Harry and Ron needed to know, for now."They're amazing cooks," she replied, swallowing a lump in her throat as she imagined a blonde haired woman holding a batch of cupcakes. "I've never had anything better, not even here."Though her stomach growled in protest, Lucy pushed her plate away from her. She didn't feel that hungry anymore.The boy she laughed at, Wayne, was the only one who looked suspicious that something was amiss, and he stared at Lucy with his head tilted curiously. She met his gaze, staring back with her expression stoic and unreadable. Don't ask, she commanded mentally.It was an older student who broke up their staring match with a load groan."Funny that you lot are all talking about food instead of eating it yourselves!" He exclaimed. The elder boy had light brown hair sticking up messily, reminding Lucy of Harry's unruly style of his own. He squeezed himself between Lucy and Hannah and began piling food onto everyone's plate. "Where's your food then, blondie?" he asked Lucy, elbowing her gently in the side.Before she could respond, he grabbed a clean plate and started to load it up with a little of everything. "Far too skinny," he said, shaking his head at her. "I won't have any of my ducklings starving! Not on my watch!""Ducklings?" Lucy repeated, trying not to laugh as she reluctantly bit off the top of a green bean."Yes, small ones. I am your leader; may you all grow up to be as strong and manly - or womanly in your case - as me —""Are you done with your lecture, Anthony?" a girl called from down the table.Another boy with dark hair grinned at her. "Lecture? If you ask me, that sounded more like a battle speech.""Yes, yes," Anthony waved a dismissive hand at them. "Don't go near Cedric Diggory, children. He's a nasty third year. Stay away from third years.""You're a fourth year," Cedric pointed out. "And I'll be the same age as you in a month.""Silence! I'm trying to feed my children!"He looked over at everyone sternly, but he focused directly on Lucy who was still nibbling on the same green bean as five minutes ago. "Are you a badger or a rabbit, woman?!""I thought I was a duckling," Lucy retorted smartly.Anthony paused, thinking this over as Cedric snickered into his pumpkin juice. "Sassy one, I see. Hmm... you, pigtails — are you sassy too?"Susan shook her head, her eyes wide."Shy one then... Alright, so Ms Sassy, you're now blondie since you look the part. Pigtails, well, you're pigtails still. You with the brown hair and the crazy eyes — you're weirdo. You, brown pigtails, the Other One. You, the grumpy — ""Or you could just call us by our names," Wayne pointed out before Anthony could finish calling him the grumpy one.Anthony shrugged. "Sure, I guess. Let's start with you, Other One."Hannah turned a shade of pink at this nickname; she wasn't the only one crushing on Anthony, Lucy noticed. Megan was staring up at him, leaning forwards on her arms with a wistful look on her face. "I'm Hannah Abbott, and this is my best friend Susan. She doesn't talk much.""Fair enough," Anthony shrugged and turned to Wayne. "Alright grumpy, what's your name?""Wayne Hopkins. And I'm not grumpy," he sighed. "I just have a headache because I fell." He glared over at Lucy again.She grinned back at him and couldn't help but giggle at the memory of Wayne slipping on peppermint and getting trampled by a hoard of students. Wayne rolled his eyes, obviously not amused that she was laughing at him again. "I'm Lucy Rochester," she said, smiling at Anthony's welcoming demeanor. She liked him already.The rest of the feast went smoothly with Lucy getting more comfortable with her housemates. Megan was her favorite of the first years so far — she told stories all about her adventures in Scotland's Glengarry forest, which explained her accent. Susan was kind from what Lucy could tell but she couldn't make too many assumptions; Hannah wasn't lying when she said she didn't talk much. Hannah was nice enough, but she was a little interrogative.Time flew by quickly, and it was only when the student body began to sing their school song that she noticed Harry and Ron trying to catch her eye. The three looked at each other.Lucy waved at the boys happily, and they beamed back. Ron had chocolate frosting smeared on his nose in the place where the dirt used to be, and Hermione Granger was staring at it with disdain. Harry on the other hand looked like he was having the time of his life, and from what he told them about the Dursleys, that wouldn't be too far of a stretch.Hannah gaped at her. "Did you just wave to Harry Potter? And he waved back?!"Oh. There was the famous thing again.Lucy only shrugged and followed Anthony out of the hall. Though a prefect was waving the first years over, they didn't seem interested and instead chose to follow the fourth year's lead. Anthony grinned triumphantly at the red-haired girl who rolled her eyes and turned away with a huff, fiddling with the golden badge on her robes."Come along, ducklings..." he was saying, but paused as the redhead looked down at the ground sadly. He stared at her, an unreadable emotion flickering across his eyes. He suddenly yelled over in her direction: "OH NO! I'VE FORGOTTEN THE WAY TO THE HUFFLEPUFF DORMITORY!" The redhead looked up at him, and Anthony looked away. "If only there was someone... With a golden, shiny badge... and sleek, beautiful red hair..." The girl's nose turned red at this, reminding Lucy of Ron. Anthony continued, "and blue eyes... and a nice arse — ""All right, Rickett!" The redhead interrupted him with a flushed face and took the lead, looking distinctly happier than before. "Follow me, first years. And you too Rickett, if you've forgotten your way...""Oh, but I have, Locke," Anthony grinned, his eyes twinkling. 'Locke' rolled her eyes once more and headed towards a staircase. He leaned down to Lucy and whispered, "I think she's warming up to me," in such a loud voice that it sounded like more of a raspy shout."Don't hold your breath," Lucy whispered back as Locke shot him a deadly look over her shoulder.The rest of the journey was a blur to Lucy; she was so tired that she didn't pay attention to her surroundings, her brain going on autopilot until it was time to change into her pajamas. She changed into a pair of gray shorts with a matching and baggy T-Shirt, and she noticed that the other girls were wearing silky pants and shirts or nightgowns, but luckily none of the others commented on it.Lucy curled up beneath the warm black duvet and closed her eyes, falling asleep only minutes after her head hit the pillow.

Had Mrs Cole not thought to pack an alarm clock, Lucy would have slept through breakfast and maybe even her first class. Last night had been wonderful, but it left her bone-tired. She almost threw the clock at the wall when its first shrill scream rang through the air.Daisy Locke stopped by to see if the girls were awake just after the alarm went off. "An alarm clock?" the prefect raised her eyebrows, an impressed smile playing on her pink lips. "I heard last year's lot slept until lunch. Good idea.""Why so early?" Hannah groaned into her pillow."Everyone needs a shower," Lucy grinned, already standing in the doorway. The other three shared a horrified look before they scrambled out of bed, but she'd already closed and locked the door. She heard a thump, and someone slumped down to the floor.She walked out of the bathroom with a towel around her chest only ten minutes later and Hannah nearly trampled Susan and Megan as she shot towards the opened door like a speeding bullet. Not that there was a need to hurry up; Susan was too timid to go first and it looked like Megan had absolutely no desire to get up off the floor."You're not a morning person?" Lucy asked as she closed the curtains around her bed to get dressed.The brunette grunted in response and rolled over onto her side.Drawing her curtains open, Lucy swung her feet over the edge of her bed and went to look at her uniform in the mirror. She hadn't had much experience with ties so she'd knotted it in an awkward sort of loop, and her shirt was tucked into her skirt messily. She'd put on the sweater but the Hufflepuff dormitory was plenty warm, so she hung her robes over one arm."You're leaving us?" Megan pouted, the first proper sentence she'd said all morning.Lucy shrugged. "I'm hungry and I don't want to wait thirty minutes for everyone to finish showering.""Well can you wait until I get dressed at least? I'll just take a shower tonight instead."Susan nodded in agreement. "I don't like showering in the morning either, and Hannah usually takes her time," she added softly."Alright," Lucy grinned.On the way to the Great Hall, the three girls followed a group of seventh years. Susan and Megan shied away as they began to introduce themselves which Lucy didn't really understand. Up until she was seven, the people she talked to at Wools Orphanage were ten or nine years older than her. This was because of an internship program that sailed smoothly until the education department decided to stop funding it. She remembered how sad she was at the time; those older people were the only ones who were ever kind to her. These seventh years weren't much different — they held the same friendly tone and asked about how they were doing; Lucy had to do most of the talking."Hogwarts is a sight, yeah?" Ross Meadowes asked, trying to be friendly as he led the three to the Great Hall."Nobody said anything about it being a castle," Lucy sighed, "the least they could've done was give us a map. And if the staircases move, how are we supposed to get to our classes on time?""It gets easier as time goes on," Ross shrugged. "After the first week or two, you'll be well adjusted. But I recommend making friends with someone a few years older, just so you have someone to show you around when the prefects are busy."Lucy probably should've paid attention to the route they took to the Great Hall, but then she saw Ron and Harry sitting at the Gryffindor table and decided to pay them a quick visit. Sitting at another house's table couldn't be against the rules, could it? Besides — if Harry was supposedly a celebrity, she figured that some professors would cut him some slack."Where are you going?" Megan asked as Lucy began to head in the opposite direction.Susan gaped and whispered, "She's going to sit next to Harry Potter!"Lucy settled herself to Harry's right, opting to sit next to Neville rather than Hermione Granger, who was looking at her suspiciously."You actually got into Hufflepuff," Ron said in disbelief. "I thought you'd be a Gryffindor for sure!""Nah. I'm not polite enough, according to the hat," Lucy shrugged her shoulders carelessly and began peeling an orange. "Thinking back on it, I reckon I offended the hat... it nearly put me in Slytherin."For some reason, Harry looked relieved to hear this. He stacked his plate high with bacon and pancakes and just about anything else he could reach, and Ron was doing the same thing. "Remind me to bring some of this back to the Dursleys'," Harry said absentmindedly."That's a good idea," Lucy realized. If she could bring back enough food to last even a month at the orphanage, that'd be more than enough for her. She should bring some for Nathan too, if there was enough space."Look, it's a cat!" Hermione burst out, pointing at a familiar kitten making its way towards Lucy and Harry. Rather than going straight to his owner, Grayble hopped up onto Harry's lap and rubbed his head against his chest, purring contently."Rude," Lucy scowled. Harry laughed and scratched behind Grayble's ear."And he used to be a bed?" Ron questioned with a grin.Lucy made to answer, but Hermione Granger cut her off. "Are you really supposed to be sitting here? This is the Gryffindor table," she said bossily.Ron turned around to glare at her. "Mind your own business.""Well, I'm just saying — it's the first day of classes! Aren't we supposed to be sitting with our own houses?""How would you know?" Ron countered.Hermione's cheeks turned pink as she gave them indignant stares. "I read Hogwarts: A History.""And in that book it says that the only times where houses can't sit with each other is during feasts and dinner," Lucy added with a smirk. Harry nodded in agreement, having read her copy of the book himself.The bushy-haired girl turned away, her jaw clenched as she tried to bite back a retort. Hermione, it seemed, hadn't forgiven Lucy for showing her up that day at breakfast. In class whenever Lucy answered a question, Hermione was there to add more to and completely overshadow the original response — and while the Hufflepuff didn't particularly care that much, Ronald Weasley sure did."Some people just like to show off," Ron said, not bothering to lower his voice. He threw an annoyed glance at Hermione, who held her chin up higher with a proud grin. She had confidence in her academic skills, which Lucy couldn't deny had a lot of merit. The Gryffindor was the top of her classes and at first glance, Lucy wouldn't have guessed she was a muggleborn.But Lucy's indifference to the matter didn't mean that she didn't get annoyed sometimes.By all means, Hermione was right to be scorned especially when Lucy's intent had been to annoy her in the first place, but when the girl went as far to correct her while she was talking to her Hufflepuff friends, that's when it began to get on her nerves."I love astronomy," Hannah was saying, smiling blissfully up at the sky. "It's my best class.""Mine is Herbology," Susan added, and it was true. Though Lucille usually sat next to Ron in that class, she made sure to sit near the blonde just in case she did anything wrong, which happened more often than she'd like. Susan was a natural at Herbology, second to only Neville."Charms for me." Lucy turned a page in her book. "I think I had an O on my last assignment.""No, you had an E."At once, the four Hufflepuffs turned to face Hermione Granger, their eyes wide and incredulous. Hermione, realizing that she'd accidentally admitted their rivalry.Lucy cleared her throat and turned away."Okay then..."

The weeks seemed to fly by for Lucy; never would she have dreamed of the day that she was always excited to go to class. Compared to the orphanage's built-in school, this was a heaven. Their uniforms were neat and always something to take pride in, while at Wool's she would wear a grey shirt and trousers (something she now used for pajamas).She was good friends with Harry and Ron, but that didn't stop her from getting into mischief with her fellow badgers. Susan was more cautious when it came to bending the rules, often acting as the conscience of the group, but if Hannah was up to the task, she would most likely follow along.It wasn't like they were world renounced troublemakers or anything; mostly Lucy and the girls would do whatever Anthony Rickett or the twins put them up to. More often than not George and Fred Weasley would find them in some corner of the castle and send them somewhere for a project they'd been working on. For being on on it, Lucy didn't know much of what they had planned, but she knew that it was going to be good considering how long they'd worked on it.Even though they worked with the Gryffindors, Lucy couldn't deny that their commanding officer was Anthony Rickett. That boy was a subtle kind of trouble — his colors were black and yellow, but he had a tongue of silver and knew just which buttons to press without meriting a detention or a punch in the face. His most common target was Daisy Locke, the Hufflepuff prefect whom was oblivious to the fact that Anthony was head over heels for. Lucy thought it was sort of sad, but most of his unrequited love probably came from the fact that Anthony could find a way to annoy her without even trying. Four weeks into school and Lucy had witnessed the prefect yell at Anthony with her face bright red and her auburn hair flaming.To sum it up, most of the badgers-in-training knew not to mess with Daisy Locke."No, Anthony, I'm not doing that to Daisy," said Megan, staring at the boy in front of her in disbelief. He was trying to convince her and Lucy to sneak into the fifth year dormitory to nick Daisy's prefect badge so he could... modify it, whatever that meant."Why?" whined Anthony, pulling his lips into a pout.Lucy retreated up into the dorms, shaking her head as Megan and Anthony both argued their points. The two bickered like siblings, and they looked so much a like that Lucy had a hard time telling if they were separated at birth or something.Megan's glare didn't let up. "Well, for one, Daisy's nice and you shouldn't make her so angry all the time. And also, she's a prefect! It's like walking into a dragon's den, Rickett!"Anthony rolled his eyes. "And you call yourself a Gryffindor? Where's your sense of adventure?""I must've lost it around the same time I was sorted into Hufflepuff," Megan deadpanned. She turned back to the charms homework that was sprawled out across the coffee table. Here they had been doing her homework like a good little badger, and then Anthony showed up trying to persuade her into doing his dirty work. If he wanted the badge so badly, then he could find his own way up into that dorm."I don't recall naming you the sassy one," Anthony muttered. "What happened to my innocent ducklings? When did society corrupt you?!"Megan slammed her book shut. She looked up at the fourth year boy in pure disbelief. The boy looked genuinely sorrowful and near close to tears, as if he were mourning a fallen comrade."Honestly, Rickett, you're sending me on a suicide mission! Nobody — and I mean nobody — in their right mind would ever —""Got it!" Lucy called from the top of the staircase.Megan closed her eyes, feeling Anthony Rickett's triumphant gaze burning holes in her head."You were saying, Meggie?" Anthony batted his eyelashes at her innocently.She rolled her eyes and shoved him. "I said nobody in their right mind. Lucy's never in her right mind.""Rude," Lucy huffed, and she jumped four steps down to the bottom. She presented the prefect's badge to Anthony, which he took into his hands like he was receiving the Olympic golden medal. "It was just sitting there on her bedside table. Honestly, it wasn't that hard.""Maybe some of us have a little thing called integrity," Megan sniffed. "If we all start stealing each other's badges, we'll collapse from within!"Lucy grinned as she envisioned a war among the Hufflepuffs, half painted in black stripes and half painted in yellow. Maybe the Gryffindor's could even join in —Gryffindors... Ron and Harry!It was time to go to Hagrid's!Without explanation Lucy sprinted out of the common room, not bothering to bring her robes or her shoes. In retrospect that was a terrible idea, as it was nearing October and Spring's warmth had begun to shrivel up as the days passed by. But she didn't want to show up late; that would be rude, and after she made it out the front doors she could see Ron and Harry quite a bit up ahead. Her throat was burning, but she managed to catch up to them."You look like you've run a marathon," Harry said to the heavily breathing Lucy. She didn't bother responding, feeling as if she might accidentally throw up if she did. Running from the Hufflepuff common room all the way across the courtyard was not a good idea.She was nothing if not punctual.A large, slobbering boarhound greeted the three at the door after Hagrid let them in. He was a dog worthy of the giant man, alright — compared to Hagrid, Fang looked like a normal sized dog.His hut was quaint and cozy; there was one room with a lit stove and a large, quilted bed in the corner. It reminded Lucy of some of the cabins they visited on a field trip to a forest, but for a giant man this was quite a small home. She couldn't bring it in her to judge Hagrid too harshly — hell, she didn't have it in her to judge Hagrid at all. "Make yerselves at home," offered Hagrid. He released Fang's collar and the massive dog made a beeline for Ron, licking his face."This is Ron and that's Lucy," Harry introduced.Preparing tea and oddly shaped cakes, Hagrid said, "Nice 'ter meet you two. Hope I won' be chasin' you away form the forest like yer brothers, Ron. Spent half me life trying to keep them out."While Ron and Harry struggled to eat the rock cakes, Lucy found that the best way was to suck on them, otherwise she'd risk breaking a tooth on the treats that definitely lived up to their namesake. Harry told Hagrid all about potions class and how Snape had treated him. Lucy was livid. The man seemed like a sourpuss, but Lucy hadn't expected him to treat Harry so cruelly! Pulling a face at the thought of the potions master, Lucy vowed to annoy him as much as she could. All she'd need to do was to act like Anthony Rickett, after all."What a giant sniveling git!" Lucy snarled, squeezing the rock cake so hard that it crumbled in her hand. Even Hagrid had to stop to admire the borrowed strength, although he could probably do the same between his pointer finger and his thumb."Don't yeh worry about Snape," Hagrid dismissed, pouring Lucy some more tea in an attempt to calm her down. "I don' think he likes any student 'ere. Didn' like anyone in his days either.""Then why in Merlin's name is he a professor?" Ron groaned."Don' know. He's not just out to get yeh; 'specially hates Gryffindor, I heard.""But he seemed to really hate me," Harry argued."Rubbish! Why should he?"But all three noticed how Hagrid didn't meet his eyes. He definitely knew more than he was letting on, but out of politeness for having just met the man who gave them tea and pastries, she decided to let it go. For now, she told herself.Hagrid engaged Ron in a conversation about his brother Charlie and dragons. It was an obvious topic change, but Lucy couldn't find herself complaining because the story was really quite captivating. She'd forgotten all about Snape's mysterious hatred for Harry, until the boy-who-lived suddenly exclaimed, "Hagrid! That Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday! It might've been happening while we were there!"Lucy quickly gathered that Hagrid wasn't a very good liar. They wrapped up their get together and brought back rock cakes, which Lucy suggested they give to their dorm mates as a prank. The three walked slowly up to the castle for dinner, not wanting to leave each other's company quite yet. Apart from working on homework together and the weekends, they didn't get to spend that much time all together."What was that about the break in?" Lucy asked suddenly."Oh, that," said Harry, and he began to fill her in on the tale of how he visited Gringotts with Hagrid and how they visited vault seven hundred and thirteen and taken a small lumpy package. Harry reckoned that they were the ones to empty out the fault before the break-in, and Lucy could tell that Ron and Harry were intent on finding out what was in that package and why someone would want to steal it."You guys are really nosy," Lucy said, and before Ron could protest she added, "but so am I. We'll find out what was in that package. Hagrid'll have to crack soon enough."At the Hufflepuff table as Lucy helped herself to more potatoes, she absentmindedly nodded while only half-listening to Anthony's captivating story of how Daisy had yet to notice that her prefect's badge held a picture of himself on it.She kept thinking of Gringotts, the mysterious package, and Snape's hatred of Harry. Hagrid was hiding things, and it was only a matter of time before the meddling three found out what.

Dear Lucy,If you hadn't sent me one first, I don't think I'd ever be able to figure out how to send you a letter. It's weird how your school uses owls to send mail, I mean, don't they get tired? How do they even train them? When did they decide to use bloody owls to send mail?What's your school like? Is it better than ours? Mrs. Cole sort of misses all the commotion, I think. Now that you're gone I don't think she knows what to do with herself. I know that Jennifer sure doesn't. Without you guys arguing all the time, she's just sort of quiet. Bit eerie, really, but she's found another target... this new girl Emma showed up about a week ago, and she's really nice. If Jennifer doesn't knock it off, I'm going to say something.Anyways, everything's been boring lately, but I'm hoping that me and Emma can be friends. Looking forward to your response,Sincerely, NathanLucy smiled to herself as she stowed the letter away in her robes, mentally reminding herself to write him back, maybe at the end of class. For now, she had potions class to face; today, due to the Ravenclaw house having an activity outside, the Hufflepuffs had to double up with the Slytherins, which was only slightly less of a disaster than if it were Slytherin and Gryffindor.In her short time at Hogwarts Lucy had discovered more about herself that she had ever known before. For example, her favorite food was bacon, not the greasy spaghetti served once in awhile at the orphanage. She preferred doing instead of listening and was actually a good student if she had the right teacher. Here she didn't have to act out — there was already so much to do, so stirring up even more trouble was pointless. She excelled in Charms, Transfiguration, and Defense Against the Dark Arts but was lacking in Potions, History, and Astronomy.And her friends — her friends — they were amazing. Harry, she'd say was her closest friend. They sat together in the few classes they shared, and they always found each other afterward to work on homework. They both knew the feeling of missing the parents they never had, Lucy would listen to him talk about the empty feeling in his chest. It didn't matter if they couldn't speak about their parents, didn't matter if they were unable to relate to the others — the fact that they had each other to talk to was enough.Then there was Megan Jones, the hyperactive muggleborn whose company Lucy particularly enjoyed. She didn't quite understand Lucy's hatred of the barrels outside the Hufflepuff common room, nor her obsession with cacti but that was another reason why she liked her: Megan was accepting of anyone.Hannah Abbot was one for gossip. She picked up on rumors and on the days where Lucy didn't feel like talking, Hannah did the talking for her. Similarly, Susan was quiet— and when Lucy wouldn't shut up, the pig-tailed Hufflepuff would gladly listen.But though she was friends with all of her dorm mates, Lucy had no one to sit with in potions class; ordinarily, she'd sit with Terry Boot, but since he was busy with the Ravenclaw house activity, she was left sitting at her usual table alone. Megan sat with Wayne Hopkins for god knows what reason, leaving her in an awkward situation.Suddenly, someone sat down next to the blonde, and Lucy turned her head to look at Draco Malfoy. He made no move to look at her, only began unpacking his stuff. She was no fool— Malfoy was a right git and she'd known it since she met him in the robe shop. He openly taunted Harry and never passed up a chance to insult either his lack of parents or Ron's family's financial status, which made Lucy yearn to be advanced enough to hex someone. She supposed that she could try some on her own, but she was already busy enough trying to handle her non-practical classes."Draco," Pansy Parkinson whined, pouting as Millicent Bulstrode sat beside her. "We're always partners! Why're you sitting with that dumb Hufflepuff?"Lucy turned around and smiled at her innocently. "This is why you're going to die alone, Pansy."Pansy's jaw dropped; she didn't know how to respond to that. Admittedly, it was probably a punch in the gut— kids were used to teasing banter, not being told they were going to die alone. At the horrified looks of spectators, Lucy smiled brightly and turned back to face the front.Professor Snape was staring at her uneasily. Huh... maybe she had said it a bit loud."Bloody hell, Rochester," Wayne Hopkins said with wide eyes. Pansy averted her gaze to her book, stunned into silence. "Are you a serial killer or something?""No, I'm a seer," Lucy replied brightly, and Pansy let out a small squeak. "Halfway through class, someone's cauldron will tip on Goyle... and the culprit will never be found."Professor Snape cleared his throat to gain the class's attention. "If you don't mind setting aside your death threats, Rochester, the rest of the class should find enough time to turn to page 65 in their textbooks and begin brewing.""Yes, sir!" She saluted. Professor Snape gave her a sneer before walking off to scold another unfortunate soul.Lucy turned back to face the cauldron, only to see Malfoy already beginning to brew. "Oh, cool, I don't have to work," she shrugged.Malfoy rolled his eyes. "This is a two-person potion, Rochester. Cut up the ingredients.""Uh, Malfoy?" Megan called over to him. Malfoy turned and glared at the muggleborn, opening his mouth to say something, but she rolled her eyes and cut him off. "We don't let Lucy use knives."True to her word, Lucy was cutting up the ingredients, albeit with precision but also with a wide, maniac grin on her face. Malfoy edged a few inches away from her, looking like he severely regretted his decision to sit here. Megan was right — knives excited Lucy for reasons that she herself didn't know. At Wool's, she'd sneak out via the tree near her window and whittle branches into stakes, shapes, and although they were messy, she found it calming. It annoyed her, really, when her friends treated her like a maniac with a knife; in all actuality, she probably had more experience and precision than the entire class combined."Oh, relax Courtney," Lucy rolled her eyes and with the knife slid the ingredients over to him. Malfoy had to make a big show out of inspecting them. He turned them over skeptically until the Hufflepuff shot him a nasty look. "Do your arms work as good as your eyes?""What?""If I have to put those ingredients in the cauldron, your fingertip's going with it," she smiled. Malfoy looked at the knife she was twirling in her free hand, then quickly poured the cut up roots into the cauldron.Snape, she noticed, gave her a particularly stinging glare at this, which he didn't let up for the rest of class. He snapped at everyone who made the slightest mistake — even more so than usual — and every time Lucy would move too abruptly, he appeared by her desk in a second under the guise of inspecting her potion. She didn't understand this at all— was he scared of her or something? That seemed unlikely, but even so, Snape definitely didn't trust her at all.She and Malfoy worked together surprisingly well, all things considered. Apart from the few inevitable biting remarks at one another — Potter Lover, was the most common one from him, but she always responded with a quick Albino Ponce — and by the end of class, they managed to scrape up an average potion."You two didn't kill each other, so that's a plus," Megan pointed out in an attempt to raise Lucy's quickly souring mood. She was sort of pissed with herself because she hadn't managed to get the last word, and on top of that Snape's accusing looks had been putting her on edge since the beginning of class. "Why in God's name would that git sit by you in the first place? You two have hated each other since, like, forever."Actually, they had gotten along alright before the train ride. Good thing his company was the opposite of a loss."Beats me," Lucy scowled. "If Snape stares at me like that next time, I'll pitch a cactus at that prick's face.""Language, Lucille!"Lucy whipped around with her eyes wide and wondering where the hell Mrs. Cole had just come from, but she sighed in relief when she realized it was just Mummy Anthony. But then again, getting in trouble with him had the same amount of scolding all the same. She had no idea who gave him her full first name but she made a mental note to give whoever the culprit was a swift kick in the shins."Sorry, mum," she grinned. "Aren't you supposed to be in class?""Aren't you?" Anthony countered."Free period. What's your excuse?"Anthony slipped his hands into his pocket and leaned against a pillar, "How do you know I'm not enjoying a free period myself? You think so little of me, Luce.""Maybe because McGonagall is standing at the end of the hall?"This time it was Anthony's time to whirl around in horror, but by the time he turned around, the Hufflepuff girls had gotten a head start down the hallway. "You lying little —"He took off after them, and the sounds of the footsteps upon tile and the loud shrieks of laughter bouncing off the walls went unnoticed to everyone.Everyone except him.

The next day, Lucy was sitting at the Gryffindor table to the extreme displeasure of Megan, whose favorite part of the day was seeing she and Malfoy mutter insults at each other from their close proximity due to the order of the tables. The teachers had probably thought that keeping the Slytherins away from the Gryffindors would be a way to lower student conflict, but in reality, the Hufflepuffs didn't get along much with the first year Slytherins either. This was due to the fact that most young snakes thought the Hufflepuffs were all marshmallow dunces and the badgers did not appreciate that assumption.Besides, Lucy liked sitting with Harry. His mates were all nice and got along with her relatively well and with the exception of Hermione, her presence there was met with no complaints. It was even welcomed, which was surprising considering how a lot of Hufflepuffs also weren't fond of the glory that the Gryffindor house received on a yearly basis.Harry was frowning at his waffles, trying his best to ignore the death glares Professor Snape was sending their way. "Why does he hate me so much?""Because he's lonely," Lucy said as she put a small slice of toast on her plate. Harry shot her a quizzical look. "I mean, have you ever seen any of the other professors talk to him besides McGonagall? And even that doesn't happen often.""Then why is he picking on me?!" Harry groaned. She understood his irritation and if she was being honest, she felt it too; Snape hovered over her like a hawk in Potions and although he didn't badger her with insults as he did Harry, she was beginning to loathe the man."C'mon, Harry, don't take it too hard." Fred clapped his hand over the scrawny boy's back as George squeezed between him and Lucy."The git lost his wand up his arse years before you came along!" George added.Lucy glanced at Snape out of the corner of her eye and mentally cursed the twins for giving her such a disgusting mental picture. It was a wonder that the potions professor didn't ruin his potions by dripping grease out of his hair, and he sniffed in disdain so often that she had to resist the urge to recommend him a prescription. Of course, Megan found the silent feud between Snape and Lucy absolutely hilarious— apparently, the looks they gave each other could have curdled cottage cheese.Harry was the one to pull her out of her thoughts; he had spotted the minute amount of food on her plate and drew his eyebrows together in concern. "You know they let you eat more than that, right?" He asked as he piled more food onto her plate. She could practically feel Anthony nodding approvingly from behind her, but she paid no mind and instead offered Harry a half-smile."Awww," the twins mockingly swooned but were forced to duck when Ron took a swipe at them.Harry's face turned a light shade of red, scowling. "Shut up.""Thanks, Potter, but anyway, Snape does seem to target certain people over others," Lucy continued in an attempt to steer the conversation away from Harry's embarrassment. Besides, any conversation that revolved around hating Professor Snape was a conversation well spent. "And it's not just Gryffindor. That git hovers so close to me during class that I'm surprised the grease from his hair hasn't dripped and exploded my potion."Ron snickered at the mental image but from a few students down, Hermione Granger looked miffed at the fact that she was talking poorly of the professors. Never mind the fact that literally everyone else in Gryffindor did the exact same thing. Everyone else."I get why he would hate Harry, you know, since he's famous and everything, but why you?" Ron wondered aloud. "George reckons he hates us Weasleys so much because he hates gingers.""Or Snape's a bitter ex, and his old ginger girlfriend ran off with a famous quidditch player. Maybe in his eyes you're the ginger and Harry's the famous quidditch player," Lucy suggested."But I haven't even been to flying lessons yet," Harry pointed out.Ron let out a bark of laughter at the thought. "Doesn't matter. Honestly mate, I could picture that. You a seer or something?""Just intuitive.""Well, obviously you're wrong and loud," Hermione couldn't help but hissing at them from down the table. She jerked her head toward's the teachers' table. "Look, Dumbledore's glaring at you..."Feeling irritation beginning to prickle at her, she looked up and sure enough, Dumbledore and Snape were both giving her looks. The headmaster's was more reproachful and suspicious, whereas Professor Snape had gone pale was was looking at her with a glare bordering on anger and disbelief."Bloody hell, it was just a theory," Lucy shrugged, trying to play it off but she could feel the anger bubbling in the pit of her stomach. She was already treated unfairly and like a freak back at the orphanage and last she'd checked, Dumbledore promised that things wouldn't be the same here.Bitterly, Lucy turned back to the mountains of food on her plate. But she couldn't resist the smile that pulled at her cheeks when Harry looked at her and back to the food expectantly."You know, I already have a mum, Harry," Lucy jerked a thumb back at Anthony."And here you've been telling us you were an orphan," Ron smirked. "Or are you lying, Lucy Who-Just-Recently-Got-The-Chance-To-Choose-A-Last-Name-And-Bloody-Chose-One-That-Sounds-Like-Roach?"She laughed so hard at that that she hadn't even noticed Wayne and Megan passing by, freezing when they heard Ron loudly declaring her orphan status. And she definitely didn't notice when Megan teared up and rushed out of the Great Hall, Wayne's jaw dropping as he rushed after her.Technically, Lucy didn't have flying lessons today. Also technically, she was supposed to be in the library studying with her fellow badgers but with them all mysteriously missing, she decided she'd be better off crashing the party between the Gryffindors and Slytherins. Besides, what's the worst she could get, a detention?"What are you doing here, girl? You're in Hufflepuff!"Or maybe the worst that could happen was getting her eyes pecked out by a woman resembling a hawk.Lucy only smiled in fake nervousness, going off what Fred and George told her about these lessons beforehand. "Anthony Rickett was telling me about how good a flying coach you were, and I guess I couldn't wait until our own lesson. I promise I won't touch any brooms! I'll only watch..."With that, Lucy gave Madame Hooch her specially reserved doe-eyes; her curly blonde hair and innocent brown eyes added to the effect nicely, which was probably the reason why the woman's sharp yellows eyes softened. "Rickett, you say?" She repeated, softer than before. Madame Hooch couldn't keep the flattered tone from seeping into her voice. "Well, there's no point in you sitting there like a damp rock, girl, you'll only get in the way. Go grab a broom. Just this once," she added sharply, "and if you and Rickett aren't on the Quidditch team next year, I'll reconsider my decision to not give you detention— now get a move on."Lucy internally scoffed, but she kept the doe-eyed look firmly on her features paired with a teacher's pet grin. Her offense at Hooch's insults couldn't overpower her inner sense of victory at her first successful plan of pulling one up over the staff. Technically she was breaking her promise to Dumbledore to not behave badly, but he had broken his promise not to treat her unfairly. This was simply getting even.She grabbed an old broom from off the ground and stood between Hermione and Ron, who were both staring at her in pure shock."How the hell did you manage that?" Ron gaped at her. "Bill told me that Hooch hates everyone— and I mean everyone.""Apparently not Anthony Rickett," Lucy said smugly. "Holy cacti, I can't believe that worked!""Don't go showing off about it," Hermione chided. Lucy resisted the urge to present her with her favorite finger. For one, it wasn't very age appropriate and for another, she was trying not to be openly mean to the Gryffindor who obviously wasn't having any luck making friends. Maybe Lucy could become her friend, but she reckoned that could never happen until Granger loosened up and realized that a tiny bit of rule breaking wouldn't kill anyone."Stick your right hand over your broom," Madame Hooch called, "and say Up!"The entire gathering of students yelled "Up!" In perfect unison, except for Lucy who was caught off guard by the sudden command. She noticed that Harry's flew up into his hand at once while Ron's had only gotten an inch off the ground."Come on baby girl," Lucy cooed lovingly to the broom, which in turn glided gracefully into her hand. A few who had been paying attention like Malfoy stared at her in stunned disbelief. "Hey, respect women," she told Malfoy knowledgeably. He snickered to himself. Pansy took that as a mocking laugh; she pointed a finger at Lucy and whispered something to Tracy Davis, who burst into giggles."I reckon they're sort of like horses, the brooms," Harry observed, "as long as you say it right it'll come to you anyways.""Good to know that I'm an animal lover while you lot are just shouting brutes," Lucy grinned at Harry who gave her one of his own.However, it seemed that Harry had a stroke of brilliance— as soon as she began thinking of the broomstick as more of a horse, she found the entire process a lot easier. It was quite funny, how most magical objects centered around peoples' respect of it— one example being her own wand."What do you think you're riding, Malfoy, a mop?" Madame Hooch barked at the Slytherin whose cheeks immediately turned an indignant pink."I've been doing it this way for years!" He shouted, outraged."Well then you've obviously been doing it wrong for years! Fix your grip or stay flying less efficiently," Hooch snapped, "won't matter to me! Don't expect me to haul you to the hospital wing when you inevitably fall off your broom.""I like her," Ron whispered to Lucy. "She's like a more fair version of Snape.""She's a million times better than Snape," Lucy replied happily."Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," commanded Madame Hooch, "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle— three— two—"Neville kicked off the ground on the count of two. It happened so fast— he spiraled out of control and fell off the side of his broom, falling twenty feet from the air to the solid ground."Well shit, he's dead," Lucy mused to herself. Hermione shot her a reproachful look, but Lucy only grinned back innocently, knowing full well that Neville had landed well enough to have survived.Madame Hooch called out: "None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You leave those brooms where they are or you'll be out of Hogwarts before you can say quidditch. Come on, dear.""But I'm holding my broom," Lucy called.Hooch rolled her sharp eyes. "You come with too, Hufflepuff, and see to it that Longbottom is escorted back to Gryffindor Tower afterwards.""Son of a— should've kept my mouth shut. Bet I'll miss all the interesting shite, too," Lucy mumbled mutinously to herself, thinking about everything that would go wrong with rivaling houses alone, unsupervised, with a load of brooms at their disposal."I'll go, Madame Hooch!" Hermione called desperately."I'm sorry, are you a Hufflepuff? Get a move on, blondie, we don't have all day!" Madame Hooch snapped.Okay, Lucy really liked Madame Hooch.She waved goodbye to Malfoy, just to confuse him, before running off after the already departing Madame Hooch and Neville. She caught up to them rather quickly considering Neville was hobbling along his way, letting out whimpers as his purpling wrist throbbed painfully."If it helps, I'll spread a rumor that you beat Malfoy in a jesting match and he got bitter and shoved you off," Lucy offered, but Neville only let out a half-hearted whimper.Madame Hooch trained her yellow eyes on Lucy. "You most certainly will not.""Alright," she relented. She had to resist the urge to warn Madame Hooch of the inevitability of some first years — probably Malfoy and Harry, if she was being honest — getting up to hijinks in the air. She figured that they wouldn't actually get expelled. Dumbledore was too much of a softie for that, and besides, she figured that the Headmaster never did any of his own paperwork. The man was too damned cheery for that. McGonagall on the other hand seemed overly exasperated all the time..."You've figured something out," Madame Hooch observed as Lucy clearly tried to hold back a laugh. "Well, spit it out!"She suspected that Hooch was just annoyed with Neville's never-ceasing whimpering."Dumbledore dumps all his paperwork on Professor McGonagall," Lucy informed the coach in a very matter-of-factly way."What?!"Madame Hooch said it in an attempt to seem oblivious, but Lucy knew better. She saw the knowing look in her new-favorite staff member's eyes."Ruddy seer," Madame Hooch muttered to herself.People had been saying that a lot, hadn't they?

She had no idea how but Lucy had wrangled herself an afternoon detention with Madam Hooch— which, to be fair, was only trimming the broomsticks, but it was still a detention nonetheless. And from that experience, Lucy could wholeheartedly say that Madam Hooch was her favorite staff member, McGonagall being a close second. Half of her 'detention' was just Lucy asking the coach questions about the sport, and while she had never shown an interest in athletics before, somehow Hooch was convincing her to try out for the team next year.Dinnertime rolled around and to her surprise, none of her Hufflepuff friends were at the table— including Anthony and Cedric. Lucy couldn't find it in her to worry; she had been aching to know what happened at flying lessons for hours now, so she disregarded the rules about dinnertime and sat herself down between Harry and Seamus at the Gryffindor table."Seeker?" Ron was saying, his eyes widened to the size of saucers. "But first years never— you must be the youngest House player in about—""—a century," Harry finished as he bit into a piece of dessert pie. "Wood told me.""What's this about Harry being a privileged little git?" Lucy interjected. Harry turned to look at her, offended, but upon seeing the teasing grin on her face he merely rolled his eyes. It was so hard to be genuinely offended by Lucy when she wore that smile; it didn't matter what she said. "So when's your first practice?""Next week," Harry replied. "Only don't tell anyone; Wood wants to keep it a secret."She grinned evilly. "I'm telling everyone on the Hufflepuff team—"Before Lucy could finish her sentence, Fred and George appeared out of nowhere; George clamped his hand over the girl's mouth while Fred shook his head at her in mock-disappointment. "Now, don't go spilling our secrets, Hufflepuff," George chided."Yeah, with Harry we'll win the Quidditch Cup for sure this year." At Lucy's quizzical look, Fred explained: "We haven't won since Charlie left, but this year's team is going to be brilliant. You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us."Lucy swatted George's hand away. "Seems to me like that's even more reason to tell my team!""Oi, no inter-house sabotage or we might reconsider letting you sit here," George warned playfully."Stuff it, Weasley— I'll sic Anthony on you!" Lucy warned, knowing full well that they didn't get along.Fred and George both rolled their eyes at the mention of their top rival for troublemaking. Anthony was a one-man band, and that particular charm seemed to combat the two-man act that the twins had going on. Besides, a lot of Anthony's pranks were pinned on the twins since he was lesser known for his trouble. The twins never had a proper alibi to prove that it couldn't have been them. "Speaking of which, we'd better get going. Lee says he's found a new secret passageway out of the school.""Bet it's that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week," George winked. "See you!"With that, the twins left as abruptly as they'd arrived. Lucy couldn't help but snicker in amusement, but her humor was short-lived; Malfoy had invited himself to the party, flanked by the two gorillas known as Crabbe and Goyle. She'd never been able to tell which was which and she didn't really care to either."Having a last meal, Potter?" Malfoy sneered. "When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?""You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got your little friends with you," said Harry coolly. Lucy snorted to herself— Harry was brilliant at sass but his statement seemed a bit contradictory, seeing as Crabbe and Goyle were anything but little. Speak of the devil, the two baboons cracked their knuckles threateningly as if that'd somehow intimidate the Boy-Who-Lived.Malfoy shot Lucy a glare and turned his eyes back to Harry. "I'd take you on anytime on my own," he boasted, seeming eager to prove himself. "Tonight, if you want. Wizard's duel. Wands only— no contact. What's the matter? Never heard of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?""Of course he has," Ron said immediately."Yeah, Harry actually picks up books once in a while unlike you, Malfoy!" declared Lucy loudly, and at the prickled expression Malfoy sent her, she shrugged. "Dunno, Ron was shouting so I joined in.""Anyways," Ron continued, "I'm his second. Who's yours?"Malfoy looked between his two goons, sizing them up. Then he got a nasty little grin that took up half his face. "Rochester's my second. Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked."Before anyone could think to protest, Malfoy sauntered off and Lucy was left there gaping. "What does he think we are? Cousins?" She demanded. "If that bleach-head thinks I'm getting out of bed for a stupid duel—""Come on, even if you are technically his second," Ron pulled a face at the thought, "you can still help us. It'll be like you're coming along with us and you would've bloody done that anyway. All a second does is take over when the first one dies, which you lot won't be able to do anyway. Harry and Malfoy don't know enough magic to do any real damage.""Yeah, but what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?" Harry asked worriedly."Throw it away and punch him in the nose," Ron shrugged."If he hexes you first, then I'll punch him in the face," Lucy added.All of a sudden, a bossy voice interjected out of nowhere: "Excuse me. I couldn't help but overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying—"Ugh."Oh dear me, would you look at the time!" Lucy declared, glancing down at her imaginary watch. "Best get going! Loads to do!"With that, Lucy grabbed her bag and sprinted away from the Gryffindor table before Hermione could do something horrid like ruin her good mood.Lucy headed up to her dorm room, eager to spend some quality time with her cat. Grayble, of course, didn't feel neglected— he was technically a bed, so he didn't feel much at all. That didn't matter; Lucy loved him all the same.But upon entering her dorm, she was confronted by Hannah, Megan, and Susan, who had their arms folded across their chest. Lucy cast them a weird look. They'd been acting weird all day, always sending her strange looks, even more so than usual."Er, hello?" Lucy said in a questioning tone."Why did you lie about your parents?" Megan blurted out.Hannah smacked the brunette's arm as Lucy's jaw dropped. "We were going to ease her into that question, you dolt!"Rubbing her arm, Megan pouted. "Well, I want to know! Why did you lie about it?"Though she was calm on the outside, Lucy felt her heart sink. The answer was simple to her: because it was fun to pretend, even for a little bit, that she had the parents she daydreamed about. She told Megan about her mum, who she imagined to have curly blonde hair and bright blue eyes, who would have Lucy's dimples. And her father, who would be a kind, sophisticated man with warm brown eyes.She also didn't think it was any of their business. She was alright with talking to Ron and Harry because she was much closer to them than she was to her dorm mates, but even then, she didn't get into detail about growing up in an orphanage. It wasn't something she was proud of."I dunno," Lucy sighed, unable to muster any remorse. "I guess it wasn't important at the time. Besides, it's not like I hurt anyone, did I?""Well, no," Megan admitted. She was still frowning. "But still. Just don't lie again, okay? Even if it's nice lies.""Yeah, okay," Lucy agreed. She stared down at her kitten, who was curled up on her pillow. "I think I'm going to take Grayble for a walk. I'll see you later, yeah?""Yeah. We can play Gobstones!" Hannah beamed. "Don't cause any trouble!""Me? Trouble?" Lucy gasped as she lay a hand across her chest. "Why, Hannah, you wound me!"Susan shot her friend a flat look. She out of everyone had the best deadpan expressions and no matter what, it made Lucy laugh every time— especially when she made them to Snape. That greasy git never knew what to do when Susan glared at him."Okay, okay, I'll be good," Lucy laughed. She scooped Grayble up into her arms. The kitten didn't even stir; he just let out a low purring noise. "I'll be back tonight, maybe.""Maybe?" Susan called after her, but Lucy was already out the door.She spent the rest of the day wandering around the school, trying to make sense of the many passageways. So far into the school year, she had absolutely no idea how to navigate herself to all her classes, and she mostly relied on Susan's superb sense of direction. At one point she ran into Dumbledore. He absentmindedly patted Grayble on the head before gliding off, leaving an amused Lucy staring after him. At another point, she ran into Snape, who she gave her meanest glower possible. He gave her a detention for that, but still, she felt like her duty had been fulfilled.She hid behind a curtain and checked her watch until it was half-past eleven. She assumed she was supposed to meet Malfoy and the rest at the trophy room, and so that was exactly what she did.There were no words to describe her anguish when she saw not Malfoy and Harry flinging hexes at one another, but that Hermione and Neville had joined them as well."Oh for fudge's sake," Lucy hissed to herself before turning and giving Granger a wide smile. "Oh Hermione how wonderful to see you! Great weather we're having, yeah?"Hermione rolled her eyes and folded her arms across her chest. They waited a few minutes for Malfoy to arrive, but to nobody's surprise, he appeared to have chickened out. Then a noise in the room over made them all jump— the sound of footsteps creeping along the hallway."Sniff around, my sweat, they might be lurking in a corner..." Filch's croaky voice reverberated off the walls. Grayble stirred and gave Lucy a rather mean look for dragging him into this mess in the first place. She responded with an apologetic shrug.She was too busy silently communicating with her cat to notice Harry making mad gestures at them to follow him, so Harry grabbed her wrist and pulled her along. They rounded the corner just as Filch entered the trophy room."They're in here somewhere... Probably hiding," Filch muttered.'This way,' Harry mouthed to the other four. They followed him slowly, careful not to make too much noise. Filch was gaining on them; the pressure was too much for Neville, who let out a squeak and started sprinting down the hall. Lucy sighed heavily as he tripped and crashed into a suit of armor, bringing Ron down with him. The sound was tremendous, cutting through the tension that the quiet evening brought."SCATTER!" Lucy yelled at the same time Harry yelled "RUN!"Everyone broke into a sprint, none caring whether the other was left behind. Lucy took the lead— she was the one who was most accustomed to running away from authority and was the only one who didn't really care if the others were too slow to get away. Harry accidentally ran into a tapestry and promptly tore right through it, revealing a hidden passage.They ended up somewhere near the Charms classroom.Lucy hunched over, wheezing. "Oh god, I'm out of shape.""You don't even have a shape, you bloody skinny rat," Ron grumbled. She only shot him a sweet smile."Malfoy tricked you," Hermione said suddenly. "You realize that, don't you? He was never going to meet you: Filch knew someone was going to be in the trophy room. Malfoy must have tipped him off."Lucy pulled a face at the revelation. "Well, that settles it, I'm throwing a firecracker at his head in History of Magic.""Right, I'm making sure you do that now that you've said it," Ron laughed and gave her a high five.Harry smiled himself, but tried to get them back on track. "Come on, let's not stay in one place too long."They had only gone about three feet before Peeves hurtled out of a classroom, floating in front of them. He let out a delighted squeak at the sight of them."Shut up, Peeves, please," Harry begged, "You'll get us thrown out...""Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, you'll get caughty!" Peeves giggled."Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please!"Peeves tapped his finger with his chin thoughtfully. "Should tell Filch, I should," he said serenely, though the effect was ruined by the devious look in his eyes. "It's for your own good, you know!"Ron snarled under his breath and took a swipe at the annoying poltergeist, much to the chagrin of his companions. Peeves took in a big breath before screaming out: "STUDENTS OUT OF BED! STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!""Oh for god's sake!" Lucy shouted, sprinting toward the end of the hall. They were at a dead end— the door in front of them was locked."This is it," Ron moaned, pushing at the door. "We're done for! This is the end!""Oh, move over," Hermione snapped. She grabbed Lucy's wand— who was rather tempted to burn it afterward— and tapped the lock. "Alohomora!"The door swung open, and the first years quickly clambered inside.The other four pressed their ears against the door, listening for any sound, but Lucy's attention was focused on the snarling, three-headed dog not a few feet away. It was quiet so far, observing them, but Lucy was quite certain that that would change any second."Er— Harry?" Lucy asked in a high pitched voice."Shhh!" the Boy-Who-Wanted-To-Be-Eaten-By-A-Three-Headed-Dog snapped.Neville, who had noticed the dog(s?) began pulling on his sleeve. Harry ignored it for about a minute more, then turned to face Neville, a look of pure annoyance clear across his features. Then he spotted the beast: the now snarling, foaming out the mouth, recently awoken beast.Face stark white, Harry fumbled for the doorknob. It swung open and the first years burst out, sprinting down the hall.Lucy had quite enough of Harry's horrible navigation, so she took off in another direction, one that she hoped would lead her to the common room. She passed Mrs. Norris around the way but apart from stopping to flip her off, she ran the rest of the way back to the Hufflepuff common room.She could take one thing away from this evening:Dumbledore was a complete bloody madman.

The next day at breakfast, Lucy looked about as dead inside as she felt.Dark, sunken bags hung below her eyes and her cheeks seemed hollow. In all actuality, she thought the entire escapade from the night before had been splendid, but the young girl needed her beauty sleep. Without it, she looked like she'd been getting the life sucked out of her for a decade.Even if she did have fun, she still felt like she had a debt to settle. It wasn't that Malfoy had accidentally almost killed them, but he had set them up. It was the principle of the thing. So with a cup of coffee in her hands, she headed over to the Slytherin table, walked up behind Malfoy and slapped him upside the head with a stolen copy of The Daily Prophet. She sat down beside him to the absolute horror of Pansy Parkinson."You, Draco Malfoy, are a giant git," she grumbled."You, Lucille Rochester, are greatly gullible," Malfoy mimicked her tone earning an obnoxious laugh from Pansy.Lucy held up a hand, silencing her. "Parkinson, you're lovely but if I have to listen to that fake laugh so early in the morning, Snape will have to call the Aurors on me."For once, Pansy didn't have a retort, probably due to the fact that Lucy had called her lovely rather than insulting her. Kindness may not kill people, but it sure as hell worked to keep them quiet.Lucy turned back to face Malfoy. "Anyway, you're a giant git and that's all I wanted to tell you." With that, she hit him with the paper again flounced off the bench and went over to the Gryffindor table. Malfoy and the other Slytherins snickered after her, but she paid it no mind. If a few mean words hurt her feelings, she wouldn't have lasted at Wool's.She plopped down next to Ron. Before she could complain about how tired she was, she noticed the parcel they were staring at. It was clearly a broomstick. Anyone with semi-good eyesight could see that it was a broomstick. She picked up the note and scanned it over."If she didn't want everyone knowing you had a broomstick then why would she send it to you in the Great Hall, and on top of that wrap it in a shape that is clearly a broomstick?" Lucy asked aloud. She thought it was a perfectly sound question but apparently, Ron and Harry wanted no part in her inquiries as Ron held up a hand to wave her off."Shhhh, don't question the broom-giver, just drink your coffee," Ron said, staring at the Nimbus Two Thousand in awe. "Come on, Harry, let's put it upstairs!"They had only made it part way through the entrance hall before Malfoy ambushed them. That's right, Malfoy literally had Crabbe and Goyle block the entrance, and he grabbed the package out of Harry's hands.They were so dramatic."Talk about stalkers," Lucy sighed and took a long drink of her coffee."That's a broomstick," Malfoy observed jealously, "You'll be in for it this time, Potter, first years aren't allowed to have them.""It's not any old broomstick," Ron boasted, "It's a Nimbus Two Thousand. What did you say you've got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty? Comets look flashy, but they're not in the same league as the Nimbus.""Story of Malfoy's life right there," Lucy coughed, then looked around as though wondering who said that. Malfoy only shot her a glare before turning back to Ron."What would you know about it anyway, Weasley, you couldn't afford half the handle! I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig," Malfoy shot back.Before the argument could get heated, Professor Flitwick walked over, looking between the first years sternly. "Not arguing, I hope, boys?""Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," Malfoy complained.Flitwick smiled proudly. "Yes, yes, that's right! Professor McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances, Potter. And what model is it?""A Nimbus Two Thousand, sir," Harry said smugly. "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here that I've got it."With that, Lucy rolled her eyes and started walking away. She had never liked sports and probably never would— the only appealing part of Quidditch was the flying on a broomstick part, something that Lucy was eager to try next year if she could save up enough. Maybe she could get a job somehow?Then she thought of a promise she had made to Madam Hooch at flying lessons. She'd promised that she would make the Hufflepuff team next year. At this thought, the girl groaned to herself. She disliked sports and would rather just do her own activities, but a promise was a promise and it looked like the Hufflepuff team needed the help if their Quidditch reputation was anything to go by.The days at Hogwarts passed by quickly, despite all the detention Snape was dishing out to her; it seemed that for every class she attended, she walked out with at least one detention, something that Lucy didn't mind in the slightest. All her detentions were transferred over to Madam Hooch who quickly became Lucy's favorite staff member."I don't suppose you're actually learning your lesson in these detentions, are you, girl?" Madam Hooch asked sharply as Lucy reported to her tenth detention in the span of two months. It was Halloween, but that didn't stop Snape from forcing her to miss the entire morning to polish the broomsticks. "However, I can't complain. Even these old broomsticks are beginning to look as good as new.""Well Snape hates me quite a lot, Ma'am, so I'd count on having Nimbus-performance brooms by the end of the year," Lucy grinned."Yes, maybe," Madam Hooch dismissed but the smirk pulling at her lips indicated that she indeed didn't like Professor Snape very much either. "You might as well put that polish away. These brooms haven't been ridden in ages, there's no point in re-coating it. What I've been meaning to do for ages, however, is to test out which brooms are deemed unsafe. Of course, this is a dangerous task and out of good moral conscience and legal matters, I can't consent to a student testing them out."Lucy's eyes glittered. "You can't consent, ma'am? What sort of matters can't you consent to?""Well, I'm glad you asked." Madam Hooch pulled out a crate filled with brooms, all with various different dates on them. "According to that manual there on the desk, all brooms can get up to a certain speed and if they don't meet those requirements, they are sent in to get re-enchanted. Of course, I could never allow a first year to determine these tasks, especially when I have to chaperone the decorating of the Great Hall. Could I trust you, here by yourself, to not do any of that?""Oh, absolutely, ma'am," Lucy nodded fiercely. "I would never dream of letting you down!"Madam Hooch smiled. "I'm glad to hear that, girl. Very glad, indeed."

Lucy didn't know exactly why she was suddenly best friends with Hermione, but she wasn't happy about it. (Maybe Granger was beginning to grow on her— just a bit— but she would never admit it.)While she was enjoying the feast with her fellow Hufflepuffs, Harry and Ron were off fighting a troll. Yeah, a freaking troll. Who does that? Who goes out and fights a troll? Gryffindors. That's who. What the hell, Harry.Even though Lucy wasn't a part of that particular bonding activity, Hermione acted like Lucy had been in the girl's bathroom fighting the troll, too. Begrudgingly, Lucy accepted the Gryffindor's friendship (mostly at Harry's insistence), and the previous Gryffindor duo now became a trio. Whenever Lucy looked for one, the others were sure to be there too, which was quite unfortunate because Lucy still wasn't all the way warmed up to Hermione Granger.One cold November morning, Lucy decided that she wanted to go rock-collecting. It was a new hobby she picked up approximately five minutes ago; she planned to make a day of it. Some nice, peaceful alone time would do her some good in light of everyone's anticipation about the upcoming Quidditch match.She wandered out of the castle during break, not planning to go very far. She found plenty of rocks around the entrance to the castle, and she began to zone out as she busied herself in her new activity. She supposed only twenty minutes had passed before she felt a looming presence at her back. Turning around, she looked up at Professor Snape, who was sneering down at her.Jesus. Christ. Lucy thought to herself. She stared blankly at the professor."Your next class begins shortly, Rochester," he glared, "I hope you weren't planning on skipping."How on earth could he have come to that conclusion after, like, twenty minutes into the break. Lucy wondered how one person could be so utterly annoying: this was yet another reason she disliked Snape so much— he was just so suspicious of her, all the time, for no reason whatsoever. She wasn't a bad student– or she didn't think she was; she turned her homework in on time and even though she wasn't the greatest at reading or writing, she still did her best. Snape seemed to really despise her.Lucy stared blankly at him, "Wasn't planning on it, no.""Then what were you doing? Lurking around the castle is suspicious, Rochester."Lucy internally screamed. "Then I'll just head back in," she scowled at him and put the two interesting rocks she found back on the ground. So much for that hobby. Now it was tainted by Snape, and therefore could never be enjoyable again.As Snape led her back into the castle, Lucy daydreamed of joining the Hufflepuff quidditch team and hurling a quaffle right at Snape's stupid face. What's the worst that could happen to her, detention? Sure, Snape was a prat, but his detentions weren't unbearable or anything. She hadn't had detention with Filch yet but she was sure that she could win the man over, or die trying. Or at least annoy him until he didn't want to oversee her detentions anymore. Madam Hooch? Her detentions were strict, but fun.Her next class was across the courtyard, and Snape was not letting up an inch. He escorted her the entire way and it didn't appear he would let up until she arrived at her Charms class. (15 minutes early, mind you.) Luckily, or perhaps unluckily, depending on your perspective, another group of students caught Snape's wrath. Of course those three students happened to be Ron, Harry, and Hermione."What's that you've got there, Potter?" Snape asked snidely as he limped over to the three.Lucy caught Harry's eye and they shared a 'not this again' look before Harry showed his copy of Quidditch Through the Ages to him."Library books are not to be taken outside the school— give it to me. Five points from Gryffindor." Then Snape turned to Lucy. "I'd better not catch you lurking outside the school again, either. Detention this evening."WHAT! Lucy thought, and she gaped at the professor. But she didn't argue; though detentions with Madam Hooch were loads of fun, her hands were beginning to become blistered from scrubbing broomsticks all the time. Anyway, at the rate she was getting detentions, all the school brooms would be in top condition (as top of a condition as those battered old brooms could be in), and that left her with Snape or Filch."That's rough, Luce," Ron winced; he hadn't received a detention yet and he didn't care to, either."He just made that rule up," Harry muttered angrily. He watched as Snape's limping form disappeared behind a corner. "Wonder what's wrong with his leg?""Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said Ron."Seconded," Lucy agreed.That evening, Lucy sat outside the staff room, waiting for Professor Snape to resurface. As expected, she had detention with him, not Madam Hooch, seeing as there was no more broomsticks that needed tending to. Snape told her earlier she'd be sorting the potion supplies— it honestly wasn't that bad of a task, but the injustice of it all had her sulking as she waited for the professor.It was almost curfew, so Lucy was a bit surprised when Harry showed up. He looked at her with equal surprise."Lucy? What are you doing here?"She pouted a little. "Detention, remember?""Ouch," he winced, then looked at the staff room door with fixed determination. "I'm going to get my book back.""I wouldn't go in there," Lucy warned. "He said he had to do something quickly, and he'd be out soon."Harry shook his head, still determined. "It's almost curfew and I don't have an excuse to be out. I need that book; the Quidditch match is tomorrow.""Your funeral, I guess," Lucy shrugged; there was usually no talking Harry out of a scheme. She leaned back against the wall and fiddled with her tie. As Harry pushed the door open, she couldn't help but overhear the conversation. She scooted further away so she could still hear, but also wouldn't be lopped in with Harry's eavesdropping arse."Blasted thing," Snape was saying, "how are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?"Three heads? Lucy echoed silently. Snape went up to see the three-headed dog? Well, it made sense, seeing as he was a professor. But if the dog was volatile enough to harm one of its handlers, then what could possibly be so important that Dumbledore would let such a beast inside of a school? From the confused glance Harry shot her, she gathered he was thinking along the same lines.She hoped Snape would give more information, but Harry had pushed the door open a little too far. "POTTER!" She heard Snape shout from within the staff room, and he sounded furious.Harry gulped. "I was wondering if I could have my book back.""GET OUT! OUT!"Lucy was amazed to note that Harry sprinted away faster than he had when they'd almost been eaten by the three-headed dog. Although, falling prey to a Cerberus was a pleasant fate compared to Professor Snape's company.Professor Snape limped out of the staff room to make sure he had gone, and he fixed his glare on Lucy.She held her hands up in defense. "I told him you were busy. That Potter boy just doesn't listen.""That's a severe understatement," Snape bit out.What? Had Lucy and Snape actually agreed on something? Would they finally develop a meaningful friendship to last them a lifetime?"Get to the potions room and start scrubbing the cauldrons. Given Potter's interruption, I've changed my mind about sorting ingredients."Ah, nope. He was still evil.Lucy showed up to the Great Hall the next morning, and she almost looked like a bigger mess than Harry. Professor Snape wanted all the cauldrons cleaned. Mercifully, he said she could use her wand. That was great and all, except Lucy was only a first year and had no idea how to perform a cleaning spell. She ended up using a sponge after all, and it took her nearly three and a half hours to scrub every single cauldron."Mornin', Ron, Hermione." Lucy shot Harry a glare and stole the one piece of toast he had on his plate. "Potter," she bit out through a mouthful."What did I do?" Harry asked indignantly."I had to scrub cauldrons last night because someone eavesdropped on Snape and put him in a bad mood! I can't feel my arms, Potter!""It's not my fault Snape had some suspicious things to say!" He protested. He glanced around to check if anyone was listening before he leaned in closer. "You heard him... he was trying to get past the three-headed dog. I'd bet you anything he was trying to steal whatever it was guarding.""You'd bet me anything?" She repeated. Sure, Snape was a git and all, but what could possibly be so interesting that he would turn against Dumbledore to steal it? She was under the impression that those two were as thick as thieves."Anything," Harry confirmed, his lips pressed in a hard line."Twenty galleons?""I'd bet you thirty.""Deal," she said, and they shook on it.Lucy really hoped she was right because she absolutely did not have thirty galleons, nor had she really grasped what galleons were."Lucy, did you just eat the only piece of toast Harry was willing to have?" Hermione interjected. She had a deadly gleam in her eye.Harry turned to his blonde friend accusingly. "Yeah, Lucy, did you?""Oh no, I took the one piece of toast among an entire table of food we have in front of us. How will the Boy-Who-Lived survive this one?" Lucy gasped, "is this the end of Harry Potter?""Alright, calm down with the sarcasm," Hermione rolled her eyes, but she couldn't resist a small grin at her sort-of friend. She looked at somewhere behind Lucy and pointed, "I think your housemates want you."Lucy followed her gaze to the Hufflepuff table and sure enough, Megan Jones was waving her over urgently. "Ah, I see." She turned to face Harry and quickly grabbed a piece of toast and shoved it in his mouth, "Eat! I'll wish you luck before the match starts." And with that, she flounced off to the Hufflepuff table.Hannah Abbott shot Lucy a scandalized look. "Did you just shove a piece of toast in Harry Potter's face?""The guy murdered Voldemort, Luce," Anthony grinned. "You don't wanna mess with him.""Oh, he did not murder Voldemort, Rickett. Leave the poor boy alone," Daisy Locke rolled her eyes. "Besides, you're likely going to hit a bludger at him later this season.""Of course, but I'll be terrified while I do it!""Can you guys stop saying You-Know-Who's name?" Hannah shuddered. Lucy still didn't understand who Voldemort really was. He was a dark lord who killed a bunch of people, and Harry killed him, but she hadn't yet cracked open The First Wizarding War. At the moment she was still reading The Muggle's Guide to the Wizarding World, which was long enough on its own."Fear of a name only reinforces the user's power, Hannah."Surprisingly, it was Anthony who offered that piece of wisdom. Daisy looked a little impressed. "I hate to say it, but I agree with Rickett," she said. "He doesn't have any power over us.""No," Susan agreed quietly. "Voldemort is weak."Hannah still looked a bit nervous, but she forced herself to sit up a bit straighter. "Yeah. Vo—Voldemort is weak.""Bugger Voldemort!" Megan cheered, rather loudly actually. The less brave students around her shot her glares.Out of the corner of her eye, Lucy saw Quirrell at the teachers' table give a series of sporadic twitches. God, he was weird."Anyway, talk of Lord Voldy aside, what did you want me over here for?" Lucy asked in an attempt to get the group back on track. Susan grew deathly quiet, almost angry about the Voldemort discussion; Lucy would have to ask her later.Megan cleared her throat and folded her hands on the table. "Right. So the first match of Kidwitch—""Quidditch," Wayne Hopkins corrected lightly."Quidditch," Megan repeated, "begins around eleven o'clock. Mummy, dear, would you mind explaining the club's decree?""We have a club?" interjected Lucy. This was news to her."Of course we do, Lucy. You're too busy hanging out with those Gryffindors to have been initiated," Anthony said lightly. "Anyway, our club's decree states that we are not under any circumstance allowed to cheer for the Slytherin team, because Marcus Flint is an arsehole and I hate him. That leaves the Gryffindors whom, while boorish, are our closest allies. So, to show our solidarity to our allies, I've had my boy Wayne and our lady Megan make a banner. I expect you ducklings to cheer loudly, you hear me?""Sir, yes, sir!" Lucy saluted him."We shall shout until our lungs rot!" Megan declared."Maybe not that much."With her kitten Grayble in her arms, Lucy arrived at the Quidditch pitch at precisely eleven o'clock to wish Harry good luck. She wasn't entirely sure if she was allowed down there so close to the game, but nobody had stopped her yet, so she assumed it was fine. She waited outside the locker room for Harry to come out, and she was glad that she did; Harry looked pale and ready to keel over from nerves at any moment.She tackled him in a hug right away, causing a bit of panic from Wood who thought someone had just attacked his seeker. "Good luck, Harry!" she grinned, and she gave him a kiss on the cheek. "You'll do great!"Harry grinned back at her. "Thanks, Luce. I'll wave at you.""You'd better," she warned. Ever loyal to Anthony, she pulled a face at the Weasley twins before running back to the Hufflepuff stands. She barely made it back in time for the players to mount their brooms."Finally, you're back," Hannah sighed in relief as Lucy took her place between her and Megan. "I thought I'd have to cast an unforgivable to save this seat. Prime spots, Lucy— right beside the announcer.""I thank you graciously," Lucy grinned. She turned back to watch Madam Hooch raise her silver whistle up to her lips. A piercing sound filled the air, and the players took off. Lucy couldn't help but be a little awed at the sight of real actual wizards flying on broomsticks. Flying. Magic was absolutely insane. Lucy pet the dozing off Grayble as Lee Jordan began his commentary."And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor—what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too—""JORDAN!" Professor McGonagall snapped as Lucy and her friends laughed."Sorry, professor. And she's really belting along up there: a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve— back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes— Flint flying like an eagle up there—""Bugger, I hate Flint so much," Anthony scowled. Lucy barely heard him over the crowd, but she wasn't paying much attention, either.Flint threw the Quaffle at the hoop, but Wood easily blocked it. "Damn right, you worthless slime!" Anthony cheered. "YEAHHHHH, GO WOOD!"Lee Jordan glanced over at the loud Anthony and grinned, "Some enthusiasm from Rickett in the crowd! Greatly appreciated, I'm sure, as Wood gives him the thumbs up— Katie Bell takes the Quaffle after Wood's spectacular save, makes a nice dive around Flint, and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger, leaving the Slytherins with the Quaffle. That's Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goalposts, but he's blocked by a second Bludger— sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell which—""Weasleys!" Anthony groaned under his breath.Daisy Locke elbowed him in the side. "Set a good example, Rickett," she whispered."Hating Weasleys is a perfectly good example to set.""Shhhhh, I'm trying to pay attention!" Megan groaned. She flung some popcorn at Anthony without taking her eyes off the match.Lucy, on the other hand, was growing a bit restless; Quidditch looked more fun to play than it was to watch, but she had to watch Harry's match. She settled for watching her friend fly around the pitch. Having nothing important to do at the moment, he did a couple of loop-the-loops which nobody else seemed to pay attention to. Then, he caught sight of the Snitch; he dove after it and Terence Higgs flew after him. Lucy held onto the edge of the railing as Harry reached out toward it, when— WHAM! Marcus Flint cut Harry off and nearly sent Harry crashing to the ground.This all happened relatively close to where Lucy was, and she made eye contact with Flint as Hooch blew her whistle for a free shot.She narrowed her eyes and made a cutting motion across her throat, mouthing, 'I'll kill you'. Flint looked terribly confused and a little nervous, if she was being honest."So, after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating—" Lee began but was interrupted by McGonagall's glare. "I mean, after that open and revolting foul—""Jordan, I'm warning you—""All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinnet, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession."Lucy shook her head clear of any thoughts of murder and focused on watching Harry. All was normal, until it wasn't, and something a little scary happened. Harry's broom gave an abnormal lurch that nearly knocked her friend off his broom. Then it happened again, like the broom was a wild horse; except the consequences of falling would be far worse than if it actually were a wild horse.She looked around desperately, but no one else seemed to notice. She peered over to the other side of the stadium and thankfully made eye contact with Hermione, who appeared equally as concerned. Without warning, she handed the sleeping Grayble over to Anthony and ran to the other side of the stands to meet with Hermione. Her heart was racing as quickly as it had when she met the three-headed dog. Something was terribly wrong."Lucy— it's Snape!" Hermione gasped as Lucy reached them. She shoved the binoculars into her arms and Lucy looked across back to the announcer's box. Sure enough, he was staring dead on at Harry, muttering something nonstop. Her hand shook a little and then her gaze was fixed on Quirrell. But Quirrell... he was doing the exact same thing."It's Quirrell, too, Hermione— look!" She gave Hermione the binoculars back."I think Snape's doing something," Hermione shook her head, "He's jinxing the broom.""Well, what should we do?" Ron demanded.Hermione shared a look with Lucy, who managed to get the gist of exactly what they were to do."Leave it to us," Hermione said firmly.She and Lucy sprinted through the stands, dodging between the cheering students as well as they could. Out of the corner of her eye, Lucy could see the Weasley twins trying to pull Harry onto their broom, with no luck. They finally reached the announcer's box again. Hermione headed for Snape, while Lucy purposefully knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst to the row in front."Oh my goodness, I'm sorry, professor!" Lucy gasped as she rushed to help the professor up. Hah, not really, you shady garlic man. "Do you have any idea what's happening?"Before Quirrell could muster up an answer, the other professors in attendance began yelling out. Lucy turned around to see that Professor Severus Snape was on fire.Hermione had literally set a teacher on fire.Hermione, I love you, Lucy decided as a wide smile took up most of her face. Their friendship was officially confirmed. Anyone insane enough to set someone on fire, she immediately liked. She and Hermione hurried back to their respective housemates before they could get caught."Lucy, where were you? You missed it!" Hannah shouted over the roaring crowd, "Harry caught the snitch! Well, he swallowed it, but he still caught it!""Really? That's great," Lucy said faintly as she slid back into her seat. She could feel her heartbeat throughout her entire body. God, Hogwarts was weird. She just got all these new friends and now she had to save them from dying? This was all super stressful."Does someone need a weird bed-mutant kitten?" Anthony asked, holding Grayble up to Lucy's face."I think that's exactly what I need, Anthony," Lucy mumbled. She held her kitten up to her neck and smiled as Grayble nuzzled up against her. "At least you're not constantly in danger of this hell-school, Graybie.""No offense, Lucy, but I reckon you and your Gryffindors are the only ones who've almost died," Susan said politely. "Did you seriously knock Quirrell down the stands?""He's a shady garlic man, Susan," Lucy informed, "he can't be trusted."The others laughed it off, but deep down Lucy knew that it wasn't just a joke. Either Snape or Quirrell intended to kill her friend today, and Lucy vowed she would find out which one. The other three were great and all, but Lucy's way of thinking was a little different from theirs.She was going to have to solve this great mystery in the Hufflepuff sort of way.

The next month passed without much progress in terms of solving the mystery of the three-headed dog. Apparently, Hagrid let slip a name— Nicholas Flamel— but that wasn't much help as none of the four recognized the name at all. Lucy consulted her Hufflepuff friends, but they didn't have any idea either. She didn't dare ask Anthony in fear that he might tell Daisy, who she knew wouldn't approve of Lucy's scheme.Hogwarts in the winter was a wonderful sight. The lake had frozen over, and the Forbidden Forest looked so lovely coated in snow that it almost felt welcoming; so much so that Hagrid had to chase her and Megan away from there more times than anyone would care to admit. Despite how whimsical the castle made her feel, she couldn't ignore the bitter cold that lingered throughout the corridors. The dungeons were particularly bad, and often Lucy's teeth were chattering too much to pay attention to Snape's instructions.Despite how unbearably cold the dungeons were, Lucy waited outside Professor Snape's classroom for her Gryffindor friends to resurface. Professor Sprout held sympathy for her freezing Hufflepuffs and let them go halfway through class to warm up in the Great Hall, so Lucy had plenty of time to meet her friends for their break.The Slytherins and Gryffindors filed out of Potions class and Lucy kept pace with Harry, laughing as he told her about the Weasley twins' recent excursion. Apparently, they'd enchanted snowballs to follow Quirrell around and bounce off the back of his turban. She was still suspicious of the man, so she'd have to thank Fred and George for this one.Of course, a peaceful conversation couldn't last for long."I do feel sorry," Draco Malfoy said loudly to Crabbe, "for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they're not wanted at home."At once, Lucy felt Harry tense up, and she felt herself go stiff too. Last week, Professor McGonagall passed around a list for the students who would be staying at Hogwarts during Christmas break. She and Harry had signed up right away. She didn't even want to think about going back to Wool's Orphanage— the thought was almost unbearable."Would it kill you to be nice for one day, Malfoy?" Lucy snapped at him. She couldn't believe he didn't have enough decency to leave other peoples' home lives alone, especially when he had clearly grown up in luxury. The thought made her want to punch him."It might," Malfoy retorted. "You're right, I suppose I could have rephrased. I feel sorry for anyone who's not wanted at home or whodon't even have a home."Lucy felt her veins go cold. For once, she was too hurt to respond.Ron glowered at the platinum blonde. "Shove off, Malfoy. Go chase your reflection or something," he growled, clenching his fists.Malfoy only grinned smugly as he turned the corner to the Slytherin common room. The four walked quietly, neither Ron nor Harry knowing what to say.Hermione nudged Lucy in the side gently and gave her a small smile. "Ron and his brothers are staying over Christmas, too. Malfoy may have a manor, but I've noticed he doesn't have half as many real friends as we have. He's really the unfortunate one."Despite herself, Lucy smiled back. "If only you were staying too, Hermione. Then it'd be a real party. We could set someone on fire again.""Oh, are you ever going to let that go?""Not until you perform some other hideous deed on Professor Snape, no.""Sadly, that's more likely than you'd think."The quartet arrived at the Great Hall and separated to their respective tables. Lucy rather enjoyed her meals with the Hufflepuffs; Cedric and Anthony bickered to no end about everything, leaving Daisy to try to defuse their argument, which always ended up in yet another argument between her and Anthony."You look mighty glum, little duck," Anthony remarked as Lucy took her seat next to Megan. "What happened?"She briefly recounted what Malfoy had said. Immediately, Anthony's gaze went dark and he glared at the entrance, waiting for the platinum prat to appear."Oh, he'll pay for that," Anthony swore. "Picking on one of my cubs? I don't think so.""That was super rude of him," Megan agreed with a frown. "But you shouldn't hex him. Wayne and I should beat him up!""That's hardly a fair fight," Wayne pointed out. "He's up against you already, adding me to the picture is just even crueler.""Megan is partially right," said Cedric. "You can't hex a first year, but you also shouldn't get into fights.""Sounds like someone's a coward," Anthony coughed."I am not, I'm just saying, you're fifteen and he's eleven! It's bullying!""What he said to MY LITTLE BADGER is bullying, you troll's toenail.""Now that's just rude."Anthony and Cedric spiraled deeper into their argument of the day, both completely missing Malfoy's entrance. However, Susan did not. She had overheard the entire conversation and right as Malfoy sat down at the Slytherin table, she muttered a spell under her breath. A jet of neon color shot out of her wand and turned Malfoy's precious blonde hair a putrid yellow color. At first, he didn't notice until Millicent Bulstrode started pointing and laughing at him.Malfoy pulled a strand of hair in front of his eyes, and his jaw dropped in pure horror. He hurried out of the Great Hall with his goons and Pansy Parkinson on his heels."Susan," Daisy said, trying and failing to hide her smile, "That was a fine use of the Hair-Bringer's Hex. Where did you learn that?""My aunt," said Susan casually, "If Malfoy likes to talk about peoples' home lives so much, I thought he deserved a hairstyle to suit his personality.""Your stylistic vision is simply genius," Anthony laughed. "I didn't know you were so spiteful.""Speaking as an orphan myself, Malfoy has no right to say such things," Susan said firmly. Anthony arched an eyebrow, and Lucy was surprised to see how assertive the usually bashful first year was being. "Lord Voldemort killed my entire family, except my aunt Amy. People like Malfoy have no right to look down on people like myself or Megan or Lucy when everything's been handed to him on a silver platter.""Truer words have never been spoken!" Anthony declared. He wrapped Susan in a side hug, "You're a true Hufflepuff, Suze. Helga's smiling down on you!""Hear, hear!" Cedric said.The holiday break came in short order, but the beginning wasn't as pleasant as Lucy hoped it would be. She was the only Hufflepuff who stayed behind that year and being all by herself in the Hufflepuff burrow was rather lonesome. As cozy as the common room usually was, she felt a little chilled being so alone. This is mind, she decided she'd be better off moving in with Ron and Harry for the holidays. Their dorm room was empty aside from the two of them and none of the other Gryffindors were snitches.Once Lucy made the move, she felt much happier. She watched Harry and Ron play wizard chess, which was a sight to behold. Ron tried teaching her, but she kept making friendly conversation with Ron's chess pieces so that they refused to go against her. Lucy was becoming emotionally attached to the chess pieces, too, and was a bit emotional whenever Ron obliterated one."They're not real, Lucy!" Ron said, exasperated as Lucy mourned her fallen bishop."They're plenty real to me, Ronald," Lucy said somberly. She took off her wizard hat in respect, and her chess pieces followed suit."Okay, this is getting too sad to finish. I forfeit."That was how all of their matches went.Christmas Eve, Lucy fell asleep in Dean's bunk (he was the cleanest by far). She was so used to sleeping in on Christmas that she was surprised when Ron shook her awake. "Lucy, come on, you have presents!"She looked at him in pure confusion, the blanket pulled up just below her eyes. "I have what?""Presents," Ron repeated slowly. "You know, the things you get on Christmas."She didn't know. The orphanage didn't bother with presents, really. But in the evening they had a nice turkey dinner, except the other kids had stolen her meal for as long as she could remember.Intrigued, Lucy sat up and sure enough, there were two presents and a lot of cards. She couldn't hope to stop the beaming smile that spread across her face. "Wow," she breathed. "Wow.""I know, right?" Harry agreed.Ron impatiently tugged Lucy out of bed and over to the presents. "Come on, we've been waiting for you."She sat down next to Ron and Harry and tentatively reached for the bigger parcel. Harry, who had a nearly identical one, did the same."I think I know who those are from," Ron turned a light shade of pink. "My mum. I told her you both didn't expect any presents and— oh, no," he groaned, "She's made you Weasley sweaters.""Weasley sweaters?" Lucy questioned. She tore open her parcel and smiled widely again. Inside was a yellow sweater with a black L in the center of it. Without any hesitation, she pulled it on over her T-Shirt."Every year she makes us one," Ron explained as he unwrapped his own. "Mine's always maroon.""That's really nice of her," Harry smiled, trying a piece of his fudge.""We'll have to write her thank-you notes, Harry," Lucy reminded. She looked in her own box to see a delicious looking strawberry shortcake. "Oh, sweet!""I told her you were allergic to chocolate," Ron said, smiling at his friend's enthusiasm. "I'm glad she remembered.""You're the best friend ever, Ron. Thanks a lot," she said sincerely. This was truly the best Christmas she'd ever had. Excited now, she opened up the other present. Hermione had sent her a copy of Basic Hexes for the Busy and Vexed with a note attached that read: 'Use responsibly.'Lucy didn't know if she could make any promises there.The cards were from all her friends; she was glad to have thought to send them all cards, too. She even got one from Wayne Hopkins who she thought for sure didn't like her. She'd sent him a bag of peppermints she nicked from the Great Hall in an attempt to pay him back for the time he slipped on Ron's candies. Although looking back on it, he might take that as an insult.She decided she would wait for Harry's to open his last present before she dove into all of her cards. She watched as Harry unwrapped it and pulled out something peculiar; it was a fluid, silvery piece of fabric that fell to the floor elegantly.Ron gaped at it, dropping his box of Every Flavored Beans. "I've heard of those," he whispered, "If that's what I think it is— they're really rare, and really valuable.""What is is?" Harry wondered. He picked it up off the floor and ran his hand over it."It's an invisibility cloak. I'm sure it is— try it on."Harry obliged, throwing the cloak around his shoulders. Lucy clapped her hands on either side of her face. From the neck down, Harry had disappeared."It is! Look down!" Ron urged.Harry did so, then promptly dashed to the mirror to gaze at himself. After a moment of looking, he pulled the Cloak over his head and was now completely invisible."A note fell out of it!" Lucy pointed to a letter on the ground at Harry's feet. Or rather, where Harry's feet were supposed to be.Harry quickly pulled off the Cloak and seized the letter. He read it aloud: "Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well... a very Merry Christmas to you.""That's wonderful, Harry!" Lucy gave him a hug. "Whoever sent it, it sure was nice of them.""Yeah," was all Harry could think to say.Before anyone could say anything further on the matter, the door was flung open by two excited Weasley twins. Upon seeing Lucy, George gave a scandalized shriek."What is a girl doing in your dorm, Ronald and Harold!""Much less one of Rickett's girls!" Fred added."Merry Christmas to you too, guys," Lucy scowled."Only joking. Merry Christmas, Lucy," said George. "Hey, look— you and Harry've got Weasley sweaters!"Lucy took notice of their sweaters; both were an ocean blue with a yellow F and G respectively. How did Mrs. Weasley put aside the time to make all of these? She positively had to send the woman a thank-you note."Theirs are better than ours, though," said Fred, holding up Harry's sweater. "She obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family.""Why aren't you wearing yours, Ron?" George demanded. "Come on, get it on, they're lovely and warm. You too, Harry."Ron grumbled a little bit about hating the color, but Harry had no qualms about wearing his emerald green sweater."You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed of Harry. "I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid— we know we're called Gred and Forge.""She put a letter on mine. What's that supposed to mean?" Lucy demanded. She looked directly at Ron. He was certainly the main source of information for Mrs. Weasley.Ron avoided her eye. "I may have, possibly, in my letters, mentioned how much of a nutter you are.""I am not!""You accidentally went to our Defense lesson for a week straight without noticing!"That was sadly true. Everybody assumed she was doing it on purpose, and it was only when Professor Sprout came looking for her that she realized what she'd done. Thankfully, her head of house understood Lucy's mortification and didn't give her detention, but it definitely wasn't one of her finest moments."Maybe I was keeping an eye on Quirrell. You don't know me.""Yes I bloody do—"Thankfully for the other Gryffindors in the room, Percy poked his head through the door, suspicious as always. "What's all this noise?" He asked. His tone always bordered on disapproval and caution when it came to the twins.Fred didn't answer, seizing the sweater Percy was carrying. "P for prefect! Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even these two have got one!""I— don't— want—" Percy tried to get out as the ginger menaces forced the sweater over his head. Lucy would've told them off, but it was simply too funny to bother."And you're not sitting with the prefects today, either. Christmas is a time for family," said George in a tone that suggested that it had less so to do with family, and more so to do with tormenting Percy. They frog-marched Percy from the dormitory. Lucy exchanged a glance with her friends, then opted to follow them.The Great Hall was decorated beautifully. The table appeared even more gorgeous: not for the decor, but rather the array of food on it. Lucy settled for a few slices of turkey and a scoop of mashed potatoes; it was only breakfast, after all. She was most amused by the wizard crackers. She opened one with Ron, and for all of morning she donned a pirate captain's hat. Harry sported a rear admiral's hat, Ron a cowboy, and Fred had a tiara which he and George spent breakfast wrestling over.After breakfast, Lucy and the Weasleys headed outside for a supreme snowball fight. They separated into teams: Ron and Harry, Fred and George, and Lucy and Percy. Lucy had to pull out her best puppy dog eyes in order to convince Percy of that idea."Come on, Percy, you're the only one I'd want on my team. This is a wizard's match and you're the best at magic by far," Lucy pleaded. She quivered her bottom lip for the full effect.Percy heaved a great sigh, but pulled his wand out."Oh, alright. But I'm in charge."Lucy ended up being in charge.She had Percy conjure up a moderate sized pirate ship made of ice and snow— a rather simple spell, apparently, that was easier than transfiguration. Things escalated from there; Fred and George were outraged at this unfair advantage and teamed up with Ron and Harry. With the twins' enchanted snowball spell, they were able to make a decent sized snow fort that a passing Professor Flitwick kindly polished into a small castle tower. The four Gryffindors hurled snowballs from the high ground with relentless pace. Lucy thought they might have reached their demise, when Percy had one more trick up his sleeve."If they want a war, we'll have a war, Lucy. This is the art of strategy," said Percy calmly. He muttered a spell Lucy didn't recognize and before her eyes, a snow cannon formed. He spoke a few more spells and it was suddenly all over. The snow cannon fired giant snowball after giant snowball and obliterated the boys' futile tower."AHHH! ABANDON SHIP!" George shrieked as the tower began to lean to the right. He threw his legs over the side of the tower and leaped down into the fluffy snow below."Don't leave me, Gred!" shouted Fred as he dove straight over after him."Traitors, the lot of you!" Ron accused. The tower crunched sickeningly and lurched to the side dangerously. All it would take was one more cannonball."Any last words before you rot in Davy Jones' Locker?" Lucy sang. She let out an evil laugh, aiming the cannon right at the cracking base of the tower."You don't have to do this, Luce," Harry tried, "There's still hope for you.""Oh, I'm afraid not, Harry Potter. From this day on, you'll be known as the Boy-Who-Died," she giggled."This is getting quite grim," Percy whispered. She paid him no mind.Ron turned to look at Harry. He took off his hat solemnly. "It's been an honor fighting beside you, Admiral."Glumly, Harry followed suit. "And you, partner."With a flick of Percy's wand, the cannon fired. It hit the weak point of the tower, and Ron and Harry let out terrified shouts as the twelve-foot-high tower toppled over sideways. They crashed into the snowbank, groaning as the snow covered their chests.It was silent for a few moments, and then everybody burst into hysterics. Lucy slumped over the now deforming side of the pirate ship, wiping tears out of her eyes. She had no idea snowball fights could be so intense. Fred and George mimed each other's terror, poking fun at Ron and Harry all the while, and even Percy couldn't help himself from laughing."You're my official snowball fight partner, Percy," Lucy giggled."Ordinarily I would argue, but that offered me fine spell practice," Percy chuckled. He looked over the cold, wet, and out of breath kids before clapping his hands together. "Right, back to the common room to warm up— I've still got studying to do for OWLs."Fred and George starting making fun of him, but Percy ignored them. Lucy figured they were only sore that they lost to Prefect Percy while they had a team of four people. Despite their poking fun, the twins were too worn to argue for long, and they retreated to the Gryffindor Common room. At this point, the Fat Lady didn't argue over Lucy's entrance as she had when she first started visiting.Lucy sat watching Ron and Harry play wizard chess by the fire. She felt intrigued enough to actually try and with Ron's old set, Percy played with her until it was time for dinner. She rather liked Percy's company and to the twins' horror and Ron's surprise, she spent most of Christmas dinner talking with him about upcoming courses in third-year. Percy even pulled a wizard cracker with her, and she convinced him to wear the hat until dessert.After the best Christmas Lucy had ever had, she was worn and tired. She climbed into Dean's bed and fell asleep before she could even draw the curtains shut.The next morning, Harry had to shake Ron and Lucy awake. They were suffering from post-Christmas exhaustion and frankly, Lucy wasn't amused to have been woken up at seven in the morning. All was forgotten, however, when Harry recounted the adventure he'd gone on last night.Harry found a mirror that showed him his entire family. His mum, his dad, all of his relatives. As he finished, Ron gave him a sullen look."You could have woken us up," he said crossly."You can come tonight. I'm going back; I want to show you both the mirror," said Harry."I'd like to see your mum and dad," Ron said eagerly."And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you'll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone."Lucy supposed Ron replied to that, but she couldn't hear him. All she could think about was what she would see in the mirror. Was it possible? She had no clue. She had no idea what her parents looked like, but she had a nice imagined version of them. She had a version that she would never share with anyone.She couldn't focus on anything that day. Percy worriedly noted that she hadn't eaten and was on her tail about it all of dinner until she finally had a biscuit.That night, they snuck out of the common room, all crowded underneath Harry's cloak. They wandered for at least an hour before they spotted a suit of armor; Harry pushed the door open and ran into the room, right in front of the mirror."There they are, Ron. Can't you see?"Ron stood where Harry was, then stared, transfixed on the image. "Look at me!""Can you see all your family standing around you?""No— I'm alone— but I'm different. I look older— and I'm Head Boy! Here, Lucy, you look!"Before Lucy could explain that she was nervous about what she'd see, Ron had already towed her to the direct spot. She looked into the mirror.And looked.And looked.There they were....There they were.A woman wearing a yellow sundress and an apron. She was an artist, like Lucy dreamed she would be. Splotches of paint had stained her neck and hands, and her hand was on Lucy's shoulder. Her hair fell to her shoulders in dirty blonde ringlets and she had the clearest blue eyes. And she looked so proud of her.There was a man. He wore a wrinkled dress shirt and his brown hair was ruffled up. He couldn't make up his mind between looking proudly down at Lucy to looking adoringly at his wife. His brown eyes were identical to her own. She looked into his eyes, and he pulled a face at her before laughing silently.Then, a third person appeared. He was the spitting image of the man, except he had blonde hair, and he leaned casually against Lucy's shoulder."So, Lucy? What do you see?" Ron urged.Oh... she'd forgotten they were here."I... I, um..." Lucy couldn't remember a single word in the English language.There they were.She felt something drip down her neck. Looking in the mirror, she realized she was crying."Lucy?" Harry said, "What's wrong? Can't you see them?"The tears kept coming, and suddenly she started sobbing.There they were. They were hers.She cried so hard she couldn't even see the mirror anymore.They were hers. They were hers.And they're gone.Harry quickly threw the cloak over her and the rest, and he rushed them out of the room. She barely processed the trip, didn't even notice when Ron sat her down in Dean's bed. She didn't sleep; she mulled over how awful and cruel that mirror was, to show her something she would never have. She cried even more as she realized how good it was when she didn't know what she was missing.The next morning, Ron warned them not to go back.Lucy thought that was a good idea. Harry, however, thought it was absolutely stupid."Come off it, Ron. You sound like Hermione. I want to see my parents, and Lucy didn't even have a proper go at it— you shoved her right in front of the mirror without giving her time to prepare," Harry scowled."I'm serious, Harry. I've got a bad feeling about it— don't go."Harry, of course, ignored him.Lucy wasn't about to let him face that cruel mirror alone. She didn't dare look back into it; it had nearly driven her mad then. She wanted to hit the mirror until her knuckles split and to crawl inside of it. All of last night, she had to stop herself from wandering back to do that exact thing— she didn't want that for Harry.She followed him silently into the room, watching as he took a seat in front of the mirror. She leaned against the wall; two hours ticked by, but she didn't dare leave. She was almost glad when Headmaster Dumbledore caught them in the act."So— back again, Harry?"Harry turned to look at Dumbledore, who sat on top of a desk beside Lucy."I— I didn't see you, sir." He looked over to Lucy with a mildly accusing look. She only shrugged in return."Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said Dumbledore. He stood from the desk and sat on the floor beside Harry. He looked to Lucy and patted the space beside him. She didn't dare disobey, despite the fact that he motioned to the exact spot where she would see into the mirror. "You two, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.""Delights," Lucy repeated doubtfully.Dumbledore glanced at her knowingly. "I expect by now you've realized what it does?"Harry struggled to answer. "It— well— it shows me my family—""And it showed your friend Ron himself as Head Boy.""How did you know—?""I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Dumbledore. Lucy desperately wanted to learn whatever method he did use. "Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?"Lucy could think of a thing or two, but she suspected this question was directed toward Harry, who hadn't quite grasped the horrible side yet. Lucy knew; she noticed something that sent her to tears, even now as she looked up at the man and woman."Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it and see himself exactly as he is. Does that help?""It shows us what we want..." Harry said slowly, "Whatever we want...""Yes and no," Dumbledore said quietly. "It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing alone, the best of them all. Lucy sees the parents she's never had. However, this mirror will give us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it, entranced by what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real or even possible.""They weren't real," Lucy revealed, glancing at Harry. "I knew they weren't my parents when I saw them. Because while I was looking, I suddenly wished more than anything that I'd had an older brother like Percy or Anthony... and right before my eyes, I had a brother standing beside me."Dumbledore nodded gravely. "A prime example of the mirror's power; I'm glad you were able to separate fact from fiction, Lucy. The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, and I ask that you do not go looking for it again. If you ever do run across it, you will now be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that. Now, why don't you two put that admirable Cloak back on and get to bed?"Harry and Lucy stood up."Sir— Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something?" Harry spoke."Obviously, you've just done so," Dumbledore smiled. Inwardly, Lucy groaned. That was such a dad joke. Or rather, an Anthony joke. "You may ask me one more thing, however.""What do you see when you look in the mirror?"Lucy immediately whapped her friend across the chest lightly. "Harry! That's super personal," she scolded. Harry smiled at her sheepishly."I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks."Okay, what."One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books."Although Lucy was sure that was a flagrant lie, she made up her mind as she lay down in bed that night. Next Christmas, whether it was a joke or not, she would send Headmaster Dumbledore the best pair of thick, woolen socks she could find.And also, she hoped that one day she might have the chance to destroy that cursed mirror.

Holiday Break had come to an end, and Lucy was forced to move back into the Hufflepuff dormitory— not that she minded; Hufflepuff was the most comfortable of the common rooms. Plus, Gryffindors were loud company compared to what she was used to.At the risk of sounding like Hermione, Lucy was actually looking forward to attending classes again. She appreciated the distraction. This Christmas had been the best of her life, but the Mirror of Erised left a bitter taste in her mouth that hadn't quite faded.Growing up at Wool's Orphanage was not easy, and as much as it pained her to admit, she was lonely. The other kids picked on her and alienated her merely for the fact that she was different. She tended to push those feelings down and instead chose to construct a world in her mind, one where she had the perfect parents and lived the perfect life. It was easy to lose herself in that world, easy to pretend like she knew her parents, but as the Mirror of Erised had shown her, all she had was her own mental image of them. She had no idea if they were dead or alive, or if they were together at all. Maybe her mum had dropped her on the doorstep and run away. Maybe they both decided she wasn't good enough and gave her back. Maybe they were both dead after all. The fact of the matter was, she truly had no idea what landed her at the orphanage. Dwelling on it wouldn't bring them back.With all this in mind, Lucy decided it was time to let it go. She would always, somewhere in her chest, have an empty place, but there was absolutely nothing to do about it. Her parents were never going to show up and claim her, and she would likely remain at Wool's until she was of age to leave. She was trying to be okay with that. She wanted to put all that aside and focus on the life she had right now, not the one the Mirror taunted her with. What did that stupid mirror know, anyway?Nothing. Death to the mirror!Though it was sad, Lucy felt a little more at peace knowing the inevitability of being an orphan. She could focus on the things happening right in front of her. The more important things.Namely, Professor Quirrell or Snape attempting to steal something of importance from a three-headed dog.Her fellow Hufflepuffs returned to Hogwarts the day before term started, and Hannah came up with the idea that they could celebrate their own little holiday before the holidays ended. It'd been a joking suggestion, but Anthony, ever the drama queen, took it very seriously and stormed the kitchens to set up an evening get-together. It was to be an exclusive Hufflepuff-only event, not quite a party but not quite a normal occasion either. Students were encouraged to dress nicely.Lucy was glad that Mrs. Cole thought to give her a black skirt. Otherwise, she'd be stuck with her worn and torn jeans and she doubted that fell under Anthony's dress code. She paired it with her Weasley sweater, which she'd come to adore as her favorite jumper. The fact that Mrs. Weasley thought to knit her a sweater meant a lot to her, and the strawberry shortcake had been delicious— Ron was a brilliant friend."Thanks a lot for this, Hannah," Ernie MacMillan said sarcastically, pulling a face as he tugged at the collar of his burgundy dress-shirt. "I was hoping I wouldn't have to pull this out at all, this year. I hate burgundy.""It wouldn't kill you to look decent once in a while, Ernie," Susan rolled her eyes at the blonde boy. "I thought this was a great idea.""Once in a while? What's that supposed to mean?" Ernie demanded."It means you put about as much effort into your appearance as a troll would," Hannah grinned.Ernie gaped at the insult as everyone else burst out laughing. Lucy spoke to Ernie sometimes at meals, and he was quite arrogant— Susan and Hannah routinely had to bring him back down to earth."So, how was all your Christmases?" Susan asked the group before Ernie could further protest. It was a wise decision; once that boy started going off, it was hard to stop him. He was a bit like Malfoy in that respect."Mine was really good," Megan grinned, reaching for a pastry. "I'm fairly certain my little brother's a wizard, though. Finn shattered all our light bulbs, including the Christmas lights— Dad was livid; he and our neighbors have had the most passive aggressive decorating contest that London's ever seen. Mr. Flenderson took our place in the front page because of that. Dad says Finn's written out of his will.""No way? I saw that in the newspaper," Justin Finch laughed. Poor Wayne and Ernie had no idea what they were talking about, since electricity wasn't much of a thing in the Wizarding world. "I can't wait to meet this Finn. Hope he'll be in Hufflepuff.""Finn? Nah, he's a Gryffindor through and through.""How embarrassing.""Truly. So, Lucy, how was your Christmas at the castle?" Megan asked.Lucy gave the group an extremely edited version of her holiday; she couldn't very well tell them about the mysterious arrival of the invisibility cloak or about the Mirror of Erised. With her fellow Hufflepuffs, she could at least pretend that she was a normal student not involved in life-threatening mysteries. She did, however, tell her friends about the intense snowball fight between herself, Harry, and the Weasleys, and also about spending the night in the Gryffindor tower.When she revealed that last part, Hannah's jaw dropped in horror. "Holy Helga! That could have gotten you in so much trouble!"Considering Dumbledore caught her after curfew in front of a forbidden mirror, she seriously doubted the severity of getting in trouble at Hogwarts."Wicked!" Megan gave her a high-five. "I've half a mind to stay at Hogwarts too, next year, if you're having this much fun."Lucy decided it would be brilliant if Megan decided to stick around next year. Between classes and researching Nicholas Flamel, talking with Megan was shaping up to be one of the nicest parts of the year."You should, if there's nothing out to kill us," Lucy agreed.Megan's eyebrows shot up as she gave Lucy a questioning look. "What on earth does that mean?"Oops, Lucy forgot that they didn't know about the three-headed dog, or the reason behind Harry's bucking broom. They didn't have nearly as many dangerous excursions. Luckily, Hogwarts had already offered a publicly life-threatening event that she could share. "Uh, the troll in the dungeons?"Megan nodded, rolling her eyes as she remembered the ruined Halloween feast. No, none of the Hufflepuffs were very impressed with Hogwarts's security system."TROLL! IN THE DUNGEONS!"Megan and Lucy let out shrieks as Anthony jumped over the couch and landed between them, shouting in their ears. Simultaneously, each girl turned and gave him the deadliest glares they could muster.Anthony gulped. "Thought you ought to know," he said wearily and then promptly slumped forward in a stellar act of fainting."Rickett, that's so insensitive," Daisy Locke pointed out, but she didn't sound particularly offended. In fact, the prefect was fighting a smile."It is kind of weird, isn't it? How Dumbledore made the Slytherins go to the dungeons even though there was a troll there," Cedric pointed out.Damn. Lucy hadn't even considered that. No wonder Malfoy and those poor Slytherins looked so terrified; Dumbledore just about sent them to their deaths."Must have slipped the headmaster's mind," Daisy said skeptically."Nonsense!" Anthony objected. "Dumbles knew exactly what he was doing. He wanted to kill all Slytherins!""Rightfully so, in my opinion," said Ernie.Lucy looked around at Daisy to make sure the prefect hadn't heard. Daisy hated any form of house predjudice, but especially the kind the rest of the school seemed to hold against Slytherin."Ernie! That's so rude. They're not all bad," Megan frowned. Lucy agreed with her for the most part, but then again, Wayne made it his top priority to keep the muggleborn as far away from the Slytherins as possible, so Megan didn't have much experience to go off of.Lucy respectfully did the opposite; she loved interacting with the Slytherins. Some, like Zabini and Greengrass, were very cool, and while Malfoy was a prat sometimes, he was generally fun to get a rise out of. Lucy and Malfoy ended up next to one another whenever their houses shared a class. She didn't understand why he insisted on sitting beside her, but didn't press too much into the issue. Apart from his cruel remark to her before Holiday break, they had more of a light spirited exchange of insults than anything serious."I'd rather hang around Slytherins than Gryffindors," Susan agreed. Most Hufflepuffs did; it was half and half, really, but Lucy's main group at least gave Slytherins the benefit of the doubt. "The Gryffindors are just so loud. Especially those Weasley twins."Lucy winced; Susan broke rule number one, which was never mention the Weasley twins around Anthony. He and the twins had had a rivalry for their entire Hogwarts careers.On cue, Anthony let out a ghoulish sounding groan and he began to retch. "Oh, gods, Susan! How could you mention such monsters in my presence on Huffleday!""Huffleday?" Lucy grinned. Man, she loved Anthony. It was a good thing he didn't have a twin— he was so chaotic that he was basically two Weasleys combined."January 2nd. Helga's birthday," Anthony said in a matter-of-daft tone."Is it really?"Daisy rolled her eyes, "No, it's not. It is, however, about time we all should get to bed— classes start tomorrow, and we need to put on a brave face for our upcoming match against Gryffindor. Think you can handle that?""Sleeping? I dunno, guys, what do you think?" Ernie looked round at the rest of the first years, jokingly serious. "All in favor?"Everyone raised their left hand."All opposed?"Anthony raised his hand, but only to be cheeky."Motion passed. Huffle-huddle adjourned. Badgers, off to bed we go."After Holiday Break, the Hogwarts professors deemed it necessary to whip the students back into the routine of things— and Lucy was glad for it. She was interested in the Nicholas Flamel mystery, certainly, but there were other things that the young girl wanted to prioritize; for one, she wanted to set aside some time to learn more magic.Her current curriculum was no doubt interesting, but it moved a bit too slowly for her taste. As exampled on the Hogwarts Express, Lucy found she had a talent in spell-work and the more practical side of magic. The theory side bored her, though she knew it was necessary.She spent an hour patrolling the castle in search of an empty classroom she could use. It was important to get one far enough away from any professors' offices or Filch's usual patrol route. For the most part, she was disappointed. Nothing looked very promising, until she stumbled across something strange— in the seventh floor corridor, there was a tapestry of a troll. Upon pulling it back she saw a crack in the stone."That's weird," Lucy remarked to herself. Not so much the fact that there was a crack in the stone, but that it was in such a peculiar shape. It looked like more of a rune than anything— a damaged rune, but a rune nonetheless.Running her hand along it, she could vaguely make out its intended shape. She decided to go out on a limb and try something. Pulling out her wand, she put the tip to the crack and said clearly, "Defodio."The stone crumbled to the floor as Lucy began carving. She was very careful not to go out of the lines even a little bit— she often took small breaks to make sure she didn't squiggle, until finally, she was done. It was only when Lucy stepped back to examine her work that the rune began glowing a bright green; the entire wall behind the tapestry began to crumble to the floor, but strangely there was no debris. She jumped back as a crawlspace formed.Lucy didn't spend too much time staring, she was simply too excited. "Wicked!" She laughed delightedly and without hesitating ducked down and made her way through.The passageway was too small for her to stand up in, and so she had to crawl through. It took her about two minutes of this before she reached a nice sized room. It looked almost like a common room, but a bit too small to merit that title. There was a comfy looking deep green couch and an armchair facing a fireplace, as well as a grandfather clock in the corner. There were bookshelves, too, but to her dismay they were all empty. It looked like the last person to find this place— or make it— had either cleared it out or didn't get the chance to fill it.Lucy spotted a door-frame just across from the tunnel. It led her to another room that was completely unfurnished. This led the girl to believe that this was a project some student or professor started, but never managed to finish. Either way, Lucy thought it was absolutely perfect for what she needed: a place to practice spells where no one could disturb her.Of course, while it was empty it was utterly useless, and so she began to make a mental list of everything she would need to make it usable for her purposes. Books, certainly. But there was the matter of Lucy not having any money or any means to get money, and the librarian only allowed you to check out so many books at a time. Maybe a spell to make a copy of a book? It was illegal, but Lucy didn't particularly care. If Dumbledore didn't expel Lucy and Harry for breaking curfew and repeatedly visiting a forbidden mirror, she doubted she'd get expelled for what was the Wizarding equivalent of pirating.She hoped Percy knew a duplication spell; she really didn't want to have to ask Hermione, who she knew would only ask questions that Lucy didn't care to answer yet. She trusted her friends but for the time being, she wanted to keep this room private.Another matter was actually practicing spells. She would need objects to practice on— luckily Lucy was admittedly very good at transfiguration. But she still had a lot more to learn before she could transfigure everyday objects. Perhaps conjuration was something to ask Professor Flitwick about...Now that she had a sufficient to-do list, she felt ready to leave. Glancing at the grandfather clock, she saw that it was nearly curfew anyway, and she doubted any Professor would be too forgiving on a school night. Lucy took one more quick scan around the room before leaving the way she came, crawling through the tunnel.She resurfaced from the troll tapestry and realized just how close it was to the Gryffindor tower. Harry was walking through the corridors and froze upon seeing the blonde girl appear from behind the tapestry, dirt coating her knees from crawling and a bit of residual stone on her robes from when she carved the runic symbol.Harry stared at his friend like he was questioning her sanity."Um, hello, Lucy," he said slowly, eyeing her uniform."Evening, Harry," Lucy replied cheerfully.Maybe, just maybe if she pretending nothing was amiss, he wouldn't bother asking.Unfortunately that never seems to work with the nosiest boy in the universe."Care to explain just what exactly you were doing?""...troll hunting," Lucy suggested.Harry rolled his eyes. "Yeah, sure."Lucy narrowed her eyes at him. Well now she had defend her stupid lie now that he was sassing her. "How dare you! I felt super left out when you and Ron decided to take on a mountain troll without me. Just so you know, there are no trolls behind this tapestry, which is extremely deceptive if you ask me. It's false advertising! I demand Dumbledore removes it from this academy immediately! It sits here, insulting me, making me look like a fool."Harry kept staring at her, then back to the tapestry, and back to Lucy. He said nothing for a good five seconds. Finally he sighed and placed a hand on her shoulder, "I'm going to bed. I'll see you tomorrow, maybe when you're acting like a sane human being." With that, he turned around and headed back the way he came."I respect your decision but that does not mean I'm not hurt!" Lucy called after him. Harry didn't answer, too confused to say anything.As she made her way back to the Hufflepuff common room, she thought long and hard about how absolutely bonkers her excuse to Harry was, and it was a wonder they were still friends despite her stupidity.Then again, Harry was the one who actually fought a troll, so she supposed he didn't have that much of an intellectual high ground....Yeah. Magic was wild.Even if Lucy spent all her free time working on her Practice Room, she would still get nothing done. The impending Hufflepuff vs Gryffindor match had the entire school in a frenzy; Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff both wouldn't win no matter what, but depending on the match, either Gryffindor or Slytherin would win the Quidditch Cup. So even though it was technically Badgers vs Lions, it was, again, the Gryffindors and Slytherins who were at each other's throats."This is pathetic!" Daisy said viciously, glaring at a pair of furious fourth year Gryffindors."What's pathetic?" Cedric asked. "Let me guess, Anthony?"Anthony, who had just been in the midst of finishing his Arithmancy worksheet, gave Cedric a very affronted look. "Excuse you, Seedric Diggity, I have been perfectly behaved all morning.""Yeah, okay, and I caught Snape singing Christmas carols through the corridors this morning," Cedric rolled his eyes. Lucy choked on her coffee at the mental image."Rickett has been behaving," Daisy said regretably. Rickett had eased off on the teasing with the wagon-load of homework the teachers were giving the fourth years.Hearing this praise of his character, Anthony beamed at Daisy who steadfastly ignored him. "It's the Frater twins!" She continued, " I just stopped those bastards from teasing Tracy Davis. Honestly, I'm sick the idiotic feud between Slytherin and Gryffindor." She turned to face the Hufflepuff first years and said sharply, "If I ever hear of any of you participating in house discrimination, I shall be supremely displeased and you don't want to know what the consequences will be."Lucy didn't doubt that for a second. Daisy was as scary as Professor Snape when she wanted to be. Fortunately, Lucy was pretty good about being nice to the Slytherins— excluding Malfoy, of course (though even that wasn't mean-spirited). She was even nice to Parkinson.Megan grinned evilly, "Ernie said he wants all Slytherins dead!" She sang.Ernie gave her a foul hand gesture, meriting a harsh glare from Wayne who promptly sent a mild stinging hex at him. "Ouch, what the hell, Wayne!" Ernie yelped."Language," Anthony scolded absentmindedly as he turned a page in his workbook."You said what now, Ernest?" Daisy uttered dangerously.Ernie threw up his hands in defense. "Oy, it wasn't like that!""He's right," Susan said. Ernie gave her a grateful smile, which turned into fear when he saw the evil glint in her eye. "What he really said was that Dumbledore would be right in killing all the Slytherins, if he so chooses to do so.""Susan, what the hell!" Ernie yelped at the same time as Daisy yelled,"You said WHAT?"As much as Lucy would have loved to watch the prefect lecture Ernie until his ears bled, she noticed Ron waving her over urgently from the Gryffindor table. Shooting Megan an apologetic look, she headed over to her lion friends. Megan didn't mind too horribly but Lucy liked spending breakfast with her own house if she could help it. It certainly was a little harder being close friends with other houses— but it was worth it."Where's the fire?" Lucy questioned as she noticed the trio's panicked faces. She slid into the seat beside Harry."Snape's refereeing!" Ron hissed, shooting the head of house a not-so-subtle glare."Oh, is that all?" They really needed to get over their theory about Snape. Lucy of all people knew how mean the man was— he was just as, if not worse, to her than he was to Harry— but that didn't mean he was a murderer. He'd been working at the school for decades, for God's sake!Hermione shot her an incredulous look. "Do you have any idea what this means?"Lucy was unmoved. "That Hufflepuff might finally win a match against your stupidly good seeker?""Well, no, that could never happen, even with Snape's interference," Hermione shook her head. Lucy's jaw dropped at the sheer sass the 'goodie-two-shows' just smeared on her. Before she could protest, Hermione continued. "We've already agreed that he's trying to steal Nicholas Flamel's Philosopher's Stone—""We've bloody agreed what now—""Immortality and wealth stone," Ron interjected quickly."Yes, that," Hermione said impatiently, like Lucy should have already gotten with the program, an assumption that she plainly didn't understand. She couldn't just spend every waking moment with the Gryffindors— she had a little something called House Loyalty. "Anyway, I was wondering if you could get your housemates to keep an eye on Snape this match, just to make sure he doesn't try anything.""I don't know, Hermione," Lucy began skeptically, and Hermione shot her such a peevish look that the blonde quickly backtracked. "I'm just saying, won't they find it suspicious that I randomly ask them to watch Snape? It's a bizarre thing to ask when you've got no context." She resisted the urge to add that even with context it seemed far-fetched.Harry finally tore his eyes away from his barely touched breakfast and shot his friend a 'seriously?' kind of look. "Lucy. There is not a thing you could do that would make anyone question your sanity even more than they already have. That's actually a mildly weird thing to ask considering everything else you've done.""Oh yeah, Potter? Like what?" Lucy demanded.Harry pushed his plate back so he could rest his chin on hs arm, raising his eyebrows at her. "Oh, let me think— in Defense Against The Dark Arts you told Quirrell that his stutter makes him look suspicious and accused him of keeping a dark secret, and he almost started crying. If we want to get really weird we can talk about how you turned Malfoy's shoe into stone in Potions class, which you don't even have with us.""First off all, that was a very valid observation on my part and secondly, you have no proof that it was me who turned poor Draco's shoe into stone.""Other than the fact that we saw you and Snape gave you a detention for it?" Ron grinned."Which is your thirteenth detention— yes, I've been keeping track," Hermione added.Lucy sighed in defeat. In her defense, she finished her classwork in charms early and left with permission, so she wasn't exactly skiving.And Quirrell's reaction had been very off-putting. There was a split second before he started his waterworks that she noticed a horrible, dark gleam in the man's eyes. It could have been her imagination, but something in her gut told her that Quirrell was not as helpless as he pretended to be. If he was so nervous, what business did he have uttering a (counter)jinx at Harry's broom? It made no sense."Anyway, Lucy, will you please just tell your friends to keep an eye on Snape?" Hermione pleaded. She looked so worried for Harry's safety that she had to give in."Yeah, I will," Lucy sighed. Hermione beamed at her. She quickly added, "but this doesn't mean I think Snape's the culprit— I'll be watching Quirrell.""Quirrell can't even talk about pixies without whimpering, there's no way he's after the stone," Ron snorted."We'll see," Lucy said evasively. There was point in arguing; admittedly, neither suspect had done anything especially incriminating— there was always the possibility that an unknown third party had set the jinx on Harry, and both Quirrell and Snaps simply muttered the counter curse.Nevertheless, she resolved to scrounge up some more evidence against Quirrell. Maybe hold off on the accusations and start playing it more like a Slytherin."Snape's going to kill me for sure," Harry groaned, pushing his plate away from him. He lay his head down face-first into the table, where he remained.Lucy tore her thoughts away from Quirrell to narrow her eyes at her friend. "He won't. I'll sit in the professor's section if I have to." Hermione shot her a scandalized look, which she ignored. "And if you won't eat breakfast, then I won't eat breakfast," she added.Harry sat up quickly and leveled Lucy with a glare. "You are not skipping a meal!" He said firmly."Neither are you!""I have someone trying to kill me, what's your excuse?""The fact that I care about my best friend and don't want him to pass out on his broomstick, fifty feet in the air!" Lucy pulled Harry's discarded plate back to its original position, and she gave him a sad look. "Please, Harry?"The stubborn gleam in his eyes faded away at Lucy's genuine concern. He vaguely suspected she was being sneaky, but the sad face was too hard to say no to. Sighing, Harry picked a sausage and bit into it.Hermione and Ron gaped— someone had actually managed to break through the celestial stubbornness of Harry Potter.Lucy grinned wolfishly at the pair when she was sure Harry wasn't looking."Aren't you going to eat?" Harry asked as he moved on to his toast.The blonde smirked, shaking her head. "I already had a bacon sandwich ages ago.""Then what was that threat about not eating?!""Manipulation, my friend," she said cheerfully, "but the well-meaning kind."Harry frowned and pushed his now empty plate away from him. "I hate you," he told her in a matter of factly way. She patted him on the head."I know. Try not to die— I'm gonna go find some seats. And stare at Snape. Like a creep."With that, Lucy headed back to the Hufflepuff table. Her friends greeted her happily, but that happiness soon turned into confusion when she begrudgingly did what Hermione requested."Soooo... would it be too much trouble to ask all you lovely people if you could stare at one Severus Snape for the entirety of the Quidditch match?" She asked, smiling at her friends awkwardly.Anthony gave Lucy such a horrified look that you'd think she had asked him if he would murder his own mother."You want us to what, you absolute monster?"

Despite thinking Lucy was an insane woman, her friends agreed to keep an eye on Professor Snape during the match, if only because they were curious why she had asked them in the first place. She had to give Anthony the rest of the candy she'd stolen from the train, but she supposed it was a small price to pay if it meant escaping Hermione Granger's wrath.Only for none of that to matter after all, because Dumbledore decided to attend the Quidditch match."Oh, come on!" Lucy groaned, staring at where the headmaster sat with the rest of the faculty. "You just had to show up now, didn't you, old man? I gave Anthony the rest of my candy for nothing!" She felt like the old man had done it specifically to spite her."Hah! I knew he was coming anyway," Anthony said smugly through a mouthful of chocolate frogs. He swallowed, then grinned at the girl. "I love manipulating ickle firsties."She glowered at him. It wasn't like she could have eaten the chocolate, but it was the principle of the thing. "You are a menace, Rickett," she hissed."I'm glad someone agrees," Daisy muttered from the row ahead of them."Welcome to the club, Rochester," Cedric grinned. He patted the empty seat next to him, "Care to escape him fully?"Lucy made to do exactly that, but Anthony clamped his hands down on her shoulders, forcing her back down in her seat; he was just barely able to dodge the swift kick she sent toward his shin. He turned to Cedric with an outraged expression, shaking a finger at him accusingly, "You will not steal my duckling!""It's more of a rescue mission, if anything," Daisy said dryly.Anthony leaned forward to the other row, resting each arm on Daisy and Cedric's shoulders. "Now, there's really no need for all this hate. What happened to this morning, Locke? I was a perfect angel."Daisy shot him a flat look and turned back to the Quidditch match, not even bothering with a response.This, of course, only egged the boy on. He leaned closer, eyes narrowed. "Are you ignoring me, Daisy?!" he said indignantly.She didn't answer, but the corners of her mouth quirked upward, and she looked over at Cedric. "Do you hear something? I think there may be an infestation of something, because I hear a faint buzzing noise in my right ear.""Oh, most definitely. The sounds I'm hearing, I can only picture coming from a pesky fly. Wouldn't you agree?""Oh, a fly is too kind a creature for such a noise, Cedric. I'm sure it's a flobberworm.""Oh, that's it!" Anthony declared. He launched himself over the seats and sprawled across their laps like a cat. "Can you see me now, you lot?! Think you're comedians are you?!""God, Rickett, get off of me! I'm a prefect, you idiot!" Daisy shoved the boy onto the floor, then looked around worriedly for any sign of disapproving professors. Seeing nothing, she turned her gaze back to the pouting boy and smirked slightly. "Alright, you're good."Anthony's eyes widened, and he jumped back into place, sitting between Cedric and Daisy with his legs sprawled across her lap. In this position, everybody was comfortable except Cedric, who was being squished into his arm rest."Daisy, you're supposed to hate him!" Cedric complained, shrinking away from Anthony. "Merlin, these seats are hellish— I'm gonna write a letter to Dumbledore. OUCH— Rickett, get your bony elbow out of my side!""My elbows are not bony," Anthony glared."Please tone down your suffering, Cedric. My legs are cold, and Rickett is warm blooded," Daisy reasoned."You're traitors, the lot of you!""Shut up, Seedric— If we lose this match, it's all thanks to you, SEEKER."Cedric glared back at the reminder that he was not allowed to play in today's match. The late evening practices the Hufflepuffs had done caught up to him, and he was stricken with a fever all of yesterday. Madame Pompfrey forbid him to play in the match and technically didn't allow him to attend it, either, but Cedric sneaked out. He wanted to play, but the difference between Hufflepuff and Gryffindor's captains was that Hufflepuff's captain Ross Meadowes cared for the well-being of his players, and he also ordered that Cedric remain in the stands.Anthony's comment earned him a whack around the side of the head from Cedric and a hit to the knee from Daisy.Lucy was happy to watch the three older students banter for the rest of the match, but her plans were soon foiled when Megan grabbed her arm and pointed to the Gryffindor section. "Lucy, I think Malfoy's giving Neville some trouble!"She followed the brunette's gaze, sighing at the sight. Sure enough, Malfoy was leering over Neville. He hadn't done anything yet, but she knew it was only a matter of time.Also, any excuse to fight Malfoy was welcome in her book. She still hadn't forgiven him for the comment he made before Holiday Break. It sucked, because she thought that Malfoy had the potential to be a good friend, if he only stopped trying to impress everyone all the time— he was decent when she met him in Diagon Alley, and that time she partnered with him in Potions class.Although none of that wouldn't stop her from kicking his butt if he stepped over the line."I'll handle it," Lucy gave Megan a reassuring smile. "Save my seat, yeah?""We'll see," Wayne muttered.Megan elbowed him in the side, and he straightened up and gave Lucy a wide, fake smile. "I mean, we sure will save your seat! Have a great trip!"His voice was coated in such sugary sweetness that Lucy almost wanted to wince. Geez, who knew Wayne could be so sarcastic..."I like you too, Wayne," Lucy rolled her eyes. She didn't let him get away with the jab; she pulled his hat over his eyes as she passed him. Wayne hastily corrected his hat, glaring at her as she left.She snickered to herself; she wasn't entirely sure if she and Wayne were friends or not, but their interactions brightened her day, and that was all that mattered.Ron was the first to notice her approaching, and he smiled and waved her over. Oh, no, Ron. That's not what this mission is for. She gave him a devious grin and walked past his row. Ron stared at her in confusion until she stopped in front of Crabbe, who was sitting on Malfoy's left side."Move," she ordered in her most commanding voice. It wasn't quite enough, since Crabbe was more than two times her size, but it was enough to stun him instead of him immediately knocking her out.The lackey blinked at her and looked over at Malfoy for instruction. The latter shrugged as if to say 'might as well'. Crabbed lumbered to his feet somewhat reluctantly, and he went to sit beside Goyle."Why hello, my second favorite Slytherin!" Lucy beamed, sitting down beside Malfoy."What do you want, Rochester?" Malfoy scoffed."Oh, sorry, I forgot you don't let people without a home sit next to you." She smiled while she said it, but Malfoy could see the cold look in her eyes, and it took him aback a bit. Usually the girl's teasing was lighthearted, but what Malfoy had said to her was unacceptable and he needed to realize that.He didn't answer, likely trying to think up an adequate response."Maybe I should go sit somewhere else, since I haven't got a family, and you'd obviously feel too sorry for me," she continued, her smile growing wider and wider. "Or maybe I might as well apologize to you for ruining your day on account of me living in an orphanage. I'm sooooo sorry, Draco—""Merlin, will you stop that?!" Malfoy scowled and looked away. His face was red with what Lucy hoped was shame. "Potter was there, I had to say something back—""You managed to hurt my feelings, Draco Malfoy, just because Harry Potter was there?"She gave him wide, doe-eyes and let her bottom lip quiver. Obviously, she was just being a dramatic git, but it made Malfoy look at her in horror as he hastily scrambled for something to say."Okay, okay, I'm bloody sorry! I didn't mean it! Merlin, Lucy, you don't have to cry about it," Malfoy said with wide eyes.Instantly, Lucy's heartbroken expression vanished, and she beamed at the boy. Malfoy gave her a stunned look that quickly disappeared once her realized he had been tricked. "Oh, good one, Rochester. Should have known you didn't have any human emotions," he scowled."I mean, you did hurt my feelings, but come on, Malfoy. I grew up in an Orphanage. It's gonna take a lot more than a few mean words to make me cry."Namely, seeing a conjured up version of her parents.That really sucked.Malfoy still seemed put out, which only brightened Lucy's mood. They managed another minute of civil discussion about the Potions essay before he spotted the vendor over in the Ravenclaw section. Something flashed in his eyes, and he pulled out a few galleons and put them in her hand. "Go get all four of us some licorice wands," he said, "maybe some pastries too.""What am I? Your mother?" Lucy scowled, but the promise of licorice wands was too alluring to resist. Especially since Anthony conned her out of her sweets, the bastard.She set off toward the vendor, watching Harry all the while; aside from the penalties Snape was unfairly handing out, the match was going well so far. She paid the vendor for the sweets; she picked out an array of licorice wands, chocolate frogs— for the Slytherin boys— and some peppermints. She briefly entertained the thought of pocketing the rest of Malfoy's money but unfortunately her morality kicked in, and she decided against it.Holding the bag of sweets in her arms, she glanced over at the Gryffindor section.Only to see Ron lunge at Malfoy, tackling him to the floor. She almost thought she was dreaming when she saw Neville head after the boy. While Neville wasn't exactly tactile in his blows, he managed to hit Crabbe around the side of the head before Goyle set it on him.It then occurred to Lucy that Malfoy sent her off just so he could bother Ron in peace.That sneaky, conniving little Slytherin...She was sort of impressed.Lucy sighed and reached into the bag for a licorice wand, biting off the tip of it. She might as well enjoy the Quidditch match, if they were going to be fighting the entire time. She took her sweet time walking back to the stands, paying attention to the game.Harry made a spectacular dive toward the ground, then sharply turned upward. Lucy stopped in her path, instead leaning over the railing to watch him. In his turn, he flew close to the side where she was, and she grinned and cupped her hands over her mouth as she realized he was headed directly for Snape. The snitch was hovering above his head. "KNOCK HIM OFF HIS BROOM, POTTER!" She shouted.She barely heard him laugh over the thundering cheers around her. Harry dove again, and he sharply turned upward as Snape spun off course. He held the snitch up victoriously."YEAHHH HARRY!" Lucy jumped and down, smiling so wide that her cheeks hurt.Her fellow Hufflepuffs glared daggers at her from their section, and Lucy froze in her jumping, remembering who this Quidditch match had been against. Oh, well. Even if Hufflepuff had lost the House Cup, she was happy for Harry. He was the youngest seeker in over a century, and he managed to catch the snitch in what she supposed had to be record time.She stopped cheering in favor of heading back to Malfoy and Ron before a professor noticed they were fighting amid the chaos. When she reached them, Ron had almost managed to wrestle Malfoy to the ground, while Crabbe had Neville in a headlock while Goyle landed blows to the boy's stomach."All right, break it up!" She ordered, grabbing Ron's shoulders and pulling him back. Ron didn't fight her, but he glowered at Malfoy as he hauled himself to his feet. She then turned her attention to Crabbe, who made no move to release Neville. "Crabbe, let him go!""Make me," Crabbe sneered.Neville valiantly fought against Crabbe's grip, to no avail. She admired his effort, but this was just sad. She turned her eyes to Malfoy, but the boy made no move to call off his attack dog. He held a hand over his eye, which was already beginning to bruise."Don't say I didn't warn you," she muttered, pulling out her wand. She aimed at Crabbe's neck and hoped she wouldn't miss. "Duro!"Thankfully, the tie around Crabbe's neck turned to stone rather than his skin. The weight and pressure around his neck caused him to cough for air, and he fell forward to the ground, the only position where he could actually breathe.She laughed at the sight and made a cursory glance around the stadium for any professors. Luckily, there were none, so she could mock the great big bully as much as she pleased.Hermione was not so amused; she gave the girl a horrified look, exclaiming, "Lucy! You could have seriously injured him! What if you missed and hit his face?! He could've turned to stone. You could have been sent to Azkaban!"She didn't know what the heck Azkaban was, but judging by how disapproving Hermione was, she didn't dare ask."Reckon we'd have an unpleasant looking statue," Ron said, unconcerned.Lucy grinned and gestured to Ron. "See? He gets it." She turned to face Malfoy. The Slytherin rolled his eyes, already expecting a lecture, but she only handed him his change back. Nah, no lectures today— Malfoy outwitted her fair and square. "Your plan worked this time, Malfoy. This one was on me. But I'm keeping the licorice wands," she stated."Fine. But you have to undo... whatever you just did," Malfoy gestured down at Crabbe whose face was turning red from the pressure.She didn't actually know the incantation, but she had the next best thing. She crouched down beside Crabbe and pulled out her wand, giving him a warning look. "Don't move even a CENTIMETRE, or I might decapitate you."Crabbe made a panicked noise, but he stopped squirming immediately."Lucy, what are you doing?!" Hermione groaned, burying her face in her hands."I need to concentrate, Hermione." She placed her wand to the piece of stone in the back of Crabbe's neck, where she figured the least lethal place was. "Defodio."Carefully, she cut through the stone, taking her sweet time. It would be rather unfortunate if her hand slipped and sliced through Crabbe's neck, but that was the price he had to pay for defying her. Ron, Hermione, and Malfoy all watched her with bated breaths as she worked. Finally, she cut through the final crumbs of stone, and she had to move out of the way as Crabbe hurried to his feet. He was staring at Lucy with wide, angry eyes, but he made no move toward her; instead, he and Goyle rushed to get away from the girl.Malfoy wasn't as concerned, but he followed his goons anyway since Ron looked happy to resume their fight."Lucy, I cannot stress how utterly dangerous that was," Hermione said slowly, as though she didn't expect her to understand the weight behind what she had done.Lucy didn't see what the big deal was. Crabbe was fine— a little lack of air never hurt anyone, did it?Okay, yeah, maybe lack of air was the defining factor behind hurting someone, but Crabbe deserved it. And he didn't die or anything...And if he had, would it really be a loss?She physically flinched at the dark thought, and for the first time she felt a rush of guilt... not for what she had done to Crabbe— she felt guilty because she didn't feel guilty."Alright, Hermione, quit nagging her," Ron cut in, seeing the distress on the blonde's face. She didn't dare say the real reason behind her distress. "Lucy's performed that spell loads of times! 'Sides, you saw what he was doing to Neville— they almost choked him out. She was well in her right to do it... Shame you didn't at least nick him."God bless Ronald Weasley. She felt her heart swell as the boy defended her questionable actions, and she slung an arm around his shoulders, grinning. "This guy right here— he gets me."Ron matched her, putting his arm over hers. "Bloody right I do! C'mon, match is over, just in time for dinner. And since we won, that means that you're in our house now, so you're celebrating with us.""I didn't realize I was a bargaining chip in Quidditch, Ron," Lucy rolled her eyes, but she was still smiling. No matter what she did, Ronald Weasley continued to be the most supportive friend in the world.Although her Hufflepuff friends might not like it, she was perfectly content to spend the evening with the Gryffindors, who would most definitely be in a better mood than her own lovely Badgers.But as she sat at the Gryffindor table for dinner, she looked around for Harry, and the boy was nowhere in sight. This concerned her; he'd just won his first ever Quidditch Cup, there was no way he'd miss out on the celebrations. Catching Hermione's eye, she looked worried too.She kept an eye out for him the rest of dinner, but the boy was nowhere to be seen. Eventually, it was time for the students to retreat to their respective dorms. She knew better than to push her luck, and she reluctantly headed back to the Hufflepuff common room, where she knew everyone would be in poor spirits. Especially Cedric, who she knew would take their loss the hardest— even though it was only his first year as Seeker.As she made her way to the Hufflepuff common room, she passed none other than Professor Quirrell. This was going to be a bit awkward— she really had been heckling the man, by saying his stutter was suspicious, accusing him of keeping dark secrets. And right now, there was nobody else around.Quirrell slowed in his pace upon spotting Lucy. She half expected him to grow fearful, but he stopped in his tracks, as did she.Great. No witnesses around, and this was a man who may or may not have tried to murder Harry, let a troll into the school, and worst of all, reeked strongly of garlic."Ms. Rochester," Quirrell narrowed his eyes at her, and her stomach turned over with unease. No stutter in sight. Her eyes tracked his hand, which was reaching into his robes, presumably for a wand.Her heart hammered in her chest. He wasn't stuttering. Nor did he look even a little nervous. She was right after all, but she might not live to tell the tale. She panicked as Quirrell pulled his wand fully out of his pocket, opening his mouth to say a spell."I want to help you, professor," Lucy blurted out before she could process what she was saying. Quirrell paused, and his eyes darted around the hallway, searching for any bystanders.He pointed his wand at her fully now. "Really, now," he said skeptically, "What's the extent to your knowledge, Ms. Rochester? You haven't been acting like someone who wants to help."Lucy's heart was thumping in her chest now, but she shot the professor an apologetic smile. "Uh... honestly, I didn't think it was you after the stone. It was sort of a toss-up between you and Snape, but Snape is obviously a lot more suspicious than you, soooo..." she laughed nervously, "Sorry, I guess?"Quirrell looked at her blankly, like he had absolutely no idea how to respond to that. He began mumbling under his breath, and she had to strain her ears to hear him."What action should we— yes, more information is necessary, master... yes, it may be good to have an extra pair of eyes, master, I agree, but..." He then flinched and his face went stark white, and Lucy could hear a strange hissing noise, "No, master, I don't think I know better than you! I'll do as you say, forgive me..."What, I cannot stress this enough, the absolute fuck, Lucy thought, staring at Quirrell like the insane man he was.Quirrell met her gaze, and he cleared his throat. "Very well," he said reluctantly. "You will have detention with me every Wednesday night, and I will see how well you may serve us. Now go straight to your dormitory— I shall know if you don't."Lucy nodded quickly, her heartbeat pounding in her head as she hurried around the corner. But she wasn't going to her dormitory— Quirrell was full of shit, he was smarter than her, but there was no conceivable way for him to track her through the hallways. As soon as she rounded the corner, she took a detour to the Western staircase, where she went to the dungeon.She couldn't believe what'd just happened. She just double agented Professor Quirrell— the no longer stuttering, cool and collected, Professor Quirrell.She wouldn't let the man manipulate her like that. She wouldn't live in fear, unable to reach out for help; Quirrell was only a man, and while she was young, she was more than capable of working her way out of this situation.Her pace quickened, until she broke out into a jog, then a full on sprint to none other than Professor Snape's office.She didn't knock. It was late, but not quite curfew. She burst into his room and slammed the door shut behind her, pulling the blinds shut over the window. She turned back to face the man, gasping for air.Snape was glowering at her, holding a quill just above an assignment he was grading."What are you doing here, Rochester?" He demanded, not happy to see her whatsoever. He was already in a foul mood from the Quidditch match and she supposed that seeing his least favorite student was the cherry on top to his crummy day."Professor Quirrell just tried to kill me," Lucy managed, sinking down into the chair in front of Professor Snape's desk. It was quite possibly the most bizarre sentence she'd ever spoken.Snape's twisted expression turned into one of absolute shock. Whatever he was expecting her to say, it certainly wasn't that. He dropped his quill and pointed his wand at the door, both locking and placing a silencing charm on it."Start from the beginning."And so she did. Despite how much she disliked Professor Snape, she knew that he was likely the best person she could have gone to with this; Dumbledore had a habit of disappointing Lucy, and Snape was the only other person she knew disliked Quirrell.She recounted the Quidditch match where she saw Quirrell mouthing words at him, and she told Snape how Harry and the others suspected that Snape was the one behind it all. She then admitted that she heckled Professor Quirrell— in retrospect, that was definitely not a good idea— and he cornered her in the hallway.When she reached the part about volunteering to help Quirrell, Snape slammed a hand down on his desk in anger. He leapt to his feet and towered over the girl, who scooted her chair back nervously."You are an absolute IDIOT!" He hissed, "Do you have any idea how foolish you are? The dangers behind what you just did?"Lucy bit her lip, but she otherwise stood her ground. "He was going to kill me, Professor, I know he was! I'm not Harry— I can't take down trolls, but I could talk my way out of it. I'm not entirely stupid— I came to tell you, didn't I? I didn't let him talk me into staying quiet."Snape was still seething with rage, but at least he wasn't shouting anymore. "You will tell no one else of Quirrell, or what he plans to do.""But shouldn't Dumbledore—" she began to protest.Snape silenced her with a withering glare. "The Headmaster and I are well aware of Quirrell. This is an extremely delicate situation, which you have only made harder for everyone involved. You've gotten yourself into this mess, and now you must do exactly as I instruct."" I understand," Lucy sighed. She really was out of her depth here."You will attend the meetings every Wednesday," Snape said silkily, "And every Friday, I shall give you detention, and you will tell me everything you've discussed. Should he find out, you will tell him an edited version of what we have discussed. This endeavor will require the utmost caution, and if I think for a moment you've been compromised, the Headmaster will most certainly agree that your education would continue better in the States."She nodded fervently in agreement. Snape gave her a few more words of warning, then allowed the girl to leave his office.As she walked back to her common room, she couldn't help but feel a thrill go through her heart, a marked difference to the previous dread in the pit of her stomach.These were dangerous waters indeed.And a small part of her liked it.

Lucy dreaded the first Wednesday she had to spend with Professor Quirrell.She was well aware that this situation was entirely her fault. She should have never voiced her suspicions about the man. Simple logic could have told her that accusing a dangerous man of being dangerous could only end badly. But it had happened, and this was her mess, and it was up to her to work her way out of it.Despite what Snape had told her, she tried telling the trio about Quirrell, only for Hermione to give her an oddly understanding look and thanked Lucy for telling her. She later overheard the three whispering about how Snape managed to brainwash Lucy, and the sooner they could stop him, the better.Lucy wanted to bang her head against the wall after hearing that.But she had to let Gryffindors be the stubborn Gryffindors they were. Maybe it was better that they thought Quirrell was the good guy— she found a dark irony in the fact that Harry started smiling reassuringly at the same man who tried to murder him.She was worried that the first evening with Quirrell, he would put her through terrible trials to test her loyalty. Snape held her after class and gave her a portkey wrapped tightly in a handkerchief, and he instructed her to immediately make contact with it if she ran into trouble. He said it'd be too dangerous for her to report to him right away, but she had 'detention' with him Friday where she could tell him everything.Taking a deep breath, Lucy knocked on the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom door and took a step back. It was a few moments before Quirrell opened the door and ushered her in. She grimaced as he locked it behind her."Evening, professor," Lucy smiled slightly, fiddling with the handkerchief in her pocket.Quirrell's eyes looked over her appearance like he could somehow X-Ray her for signs of deception. Obviously he couldn't, for he looked away, satisfied. "Ms. Rochester. I see you've followed through with our agreement. A wise decision on your part," he tacked on the last part ominously, and she felt a chill run up her spine.This was some sort of poetic justice on Quirrell's part, where he of all people managed to make Lucy nervous. The heckled becomes the heckler... what a joke.Instead of voicing this, Lucy surveyed the classroom. It still reeked heavily of garlic, much to her dismay, but without the jeering classmates, she found that it actually looked like a proper study room. There were displays of dark creatures everywhere— a bit too many to be considered innocent— and a bookshelf filled with dark curses. The further she examined, she couldn't believe that nobody noticed Quirrell's true character in the first place. What sort of man had a stuffed werewolf head on a wall? Weren't werewolves technically humans?"We'll start off simple, then," Professor Quirrell said, drawing Lucy from her thoughts. She looked back over to the man as he began pulling books off of the shelves. "If you are to be of any help to us, you need to know how to help. Study the theoretical histories, and I shall quiz you next week, and I'll see if you have some potential after all."He dropped the books down on the desk directly in front of his podium. Placing her backpack down beside her, she slid into the seat and started rifling through the worn out backpack for quills and parchment. At first she had been teased for the muggle-esque thing, but it proved to be so convenient that she could ignore everyone.As she started working, she was surprised at how uneventful this nefarious meeting was turning out to be. At his desk, Quirrell was grading assignments rather than plotting world domination. She tried to block him out as much as she could as she read the words in front of her.The books were actually quite interesting; it was all about the mechanics of performing any spell, and how pronunciation could be easily resolved by nonverbal magic— it launched into a debate regarding the American curriculum of starting with nonverbal magic versus European methods. She made notes on her parchment at the good points of both arguments.She began to wonder whether it was controversial or not to agree with the nonverbal curriculum. While the Americans did so under fear of witch hunting, it seemed a lot more convenient, even if it wasn't as necessary today."Hey, Professor?"Quirrell looked up from an essay, giving the girl a quizzical look. Perhaps he thought she would be too nervous to speak to him without being spoken to.Well, she was nervous, but she also really wanted to know about nonverbal magic."Is there any difference between using nonverbal magic versus verbal magic?" She asked, thinking about it long and hard."Doesn't it say in there?" Quirrell rolled his eyes. Dang— someone was feeling sassy today.She frowned at him. "No, I've just gotten through the nonverbal section– this book didn't touch on it much.""Well, what do you think?" Lucy gave him a flat look, thinking he was being sassy. "From what you've read, I mean. Tell me what you can infer.""Well..." she glanced down at her notes, reading through the slight hints the author made. "Saying an incantation is easy, isn't it? You have more purpose, so it'd probably be more powerful. Nonverbal takes more concentration, so it would be less powerful?"Quirrell actually set down his quill and straightened up. "You've got the gist of it, but there's plenty more— can't believe you haven't learned this already..." she didn't dare tell him that she might have known this if he didn't pretend to be a stuttering mess all the time.He rifled through the files in his desk before he pulled out a lesson plan. She watched, disbelieving, as Quirrell got to his feet and started to give her a lesson.Like, a proper lesson. No stuttering. A good, solid lecture with diagrams and key notes. Lucy watched, half in awe and half disbelieving still as Quirrell told her all about nonverbal magic, the conceptions and misconceptions, and how it could be useful in a duel.He went on for probably three hours— whenever he seemed to wrap something up, Lucy would ask him another question, and he would find another tangent to go off of. It seemed like he had a lot of pent up teaching he needed to get out.When Quirrell had finally talked himself out, his throat was scratchy and he summoned a tea bag from the shelf, stirring it into a cup. "I think that'll be all for tonight. Next Wednesday, five o'clock sharp. You had better do your reading. And keep those books out of sight— they aren't technically meant for first years."Lucy nodded fervently, stowing the books away in the bottom of her bag. She mentally thanked McGonagall for performing an expansion and lightening charm, otherwise her back would have broke in two by now."You know, Professor," Lucy lingered in the doorway before she left. Quirrell looked at her impatiently, and she smiled at him. "You're a great teacher. It's a shame you have to pretend to stutter all the time— I learned so much today."She expected the man to tell her to shut up and leave already, but to her utter shock, Quirrell allowed himself a smile. "It is a shame, Ms. Rochester, it is indeed..." his gaze then darkened, and she heard the same faint hissing noise from before. She took that as a cue to get the hell out of there— she didn't want to hear Quirrell mumble to himself. Nope, no way.That was only the first lesson Lucy had with the man, and in the coming weeks, she would learn so much more.As promised, Quirrell tested if she had actually read the many books he assigned her. At first it was a bit nerve wracking to think that if she failed, he would kill her, but she found that the questions were effortless since she had read the books.He wasted no time in moving on to more practical lessons. They were bizarre, but Quirrell asserted that everything she was learning, she would have to know if she wanted to continue helping him. The second week, he set her to learn about different types of magical plants and how to counteract their effects— she didn't enjoy this nearly as much, but she figured it could not all be as fun as the first week.The weirdest lesson she had was when Quirrell taught her chess. Yes, that's right, Professor Quirrell had to train Lucy in the art of playing chess— he got frustrated with her simple mistakes, and oddly that was the most grueling lesson she had with the man. He didn't let her leave until midnight, when she finally managed to get a few good moves on him. Needless to say, she was in a very sour mood the next day, and she declined every single offer Ron gave her to play Wizard's Chess.While they only met on Wednesdays, nearly every day after class Quirrell would hold her back longer to give her a new book or a new subject to learn. Luckily she had Potions class after Defense Against the Dark Arts, otherwise the teacher would be very unamused with her tardiness.Her friends could hardly believe the difference in how Snape and Quirrell treated her now. Less than a month ago, Snape was determined to give her as difficult a time as possible— he'd tower over her as she tried to make her potion, ask her questions she couldn't possibly know the answer to, and give her detentions over the littlest of things.Now, Snape wasn't kind to her or anything. She was sure he would go back to needling her after Quirrell gets exposed But knowing what Lucy was involved in, he had the decency to leave her alone, and he ended up ignoring her through the entire class. Megan started a rumor that Snape had been bodysnatched after the sixth time that Snape let her off for being tardy."I'm telling you, it's not natural," Megan insisted as they left Potions class, "Lucy, he hated you. And I notice that now you and Quirrell are all buddy-buddy, too."Lucy snorted. 'Buddy-buddy' was a generous term. She stopped heckling the man, mostly because he could kill her any given Wednesday, and Quirrell would call on Lucy about every ten minutes to answer a question. At first it was hard to decipher through his stuttering, but by now she was a pro at understanding what he was trying to say.She was just glad Quirrell dropped the act when they were alone. Otherwise she might blow her cover, just so she wouldn't have to strain her ears. (That wasn't to say that Lucy disliked people who stuttered— Quirrell's stutter was just so obviously fake and over the top that it annoyed her beyond belief.)"Maybe I've just matured, Megan," Lucy sniffed, holding her books tighter to her chest as she struck a scholarly pose. She dropped it at the flat look she and Wayne gave her, laughing. "Yeah, no, definitely not.""It is weird how Snape just leaves you alone now," Hannah said, wrinkling her nose. "He doesn't even glare at you anymore. It's creepy. It's like we've shifted into an alternate timeline.""I'm telling you, Snape's always loved me. He was just too in denial of my amazingness to admit it," Lucy sniffed. She couldn't help but snicker at the mental image of Snape praising her for something. Nope, that would never happen, not in a million years.Sure, Snape left her alone during class, but every Friday when she met with him, he let loose all his pent up annoyance at her— it was a good thing she was used to it, otherwise she'd have gotten genuinely offended by the man. He had no qualms letting her know how much of an idiot she was.She exchanged a few more jokes with her friends before setting off toward the library for yet another study session with her friends.While they thought Snape had brainwashed her, she was glad to see that they still hung out with her. Harry tried (and failed) at subtly hinting that Quirrell was innocent— ironically, trying to brainwash her— but she acted oblivious. They would find out soon enough, when Quirrell told her when he would go after the stone, so Snape and Dumbledore could catch him in the act.It was ten weeks until exams rolled around, and Hermione was frantically putting together study plans and color coordinated notes. It was sort of exhausting because with how precise the schedules were, it also didn't take into consideration the extra work Quirrell was pushing on her. Coffee was her best friend at the moment— she was only getting five or six hours of sleep maximum at the moment, with how much time she spent doing extra things.With exams coming up, the professors piled on the workload, and she was doing her best to keep up— she wanted a good night's sleep for once."How are you doing this with no reference?" Hermione said incredulously as Lucy scribbled away at her essay. "Really, Lucy, I know it's boring, but you stil have to try—""Look it over, if you want." Lucy placed her quill down and pushed the essay over to her friend. Quirrell stuffed her brain with a bunch of magical plant knowledge to the point where she felt she could do this essay with her eyes closed.Hermione read over her work, eyebrows furrowing as she realized that there was not a single mistake. "Huh. Sorry for doubting you, Lucy," she said, somewhat embarrassed. "I know you're smart, I'm just so used to dealing with these two all the time." She gestured at Ron, who instead of doing any work at all, was busy drawing unkindly pictures of Snape getting eaten by a snake."To be fair, Harry does his work," Lucy defended her friend. Harry looked up from a herbology book and gave her the thumbs up, to which she replied with a smile.After a few minutes, she finished her essay and decided she deserved a five minute break to rest her eyes. She lay her face down on the table and tried to stop the constant flow of information bouncing around in her mind; she had been looking at facts for too long. While she wasn't exactly a fan of stories, she'd kill to read a good lengthy novel for a change.Harry, seeing his friend's new position, immediately took advantage. He propped up his herbology book against her head so that he could have more table space, and he could flip the pages easier. "Thanks, Lucy," he said. She didn't have to look at him to visualize the mischievous look in his eye."You're lucky I'm too tired to move my head, Potter," she grumbled.It was Ron's voice that drew her out of this decision. "Hagrid! What are you doing in the library?"Lucy's head snapped up, sending Harry's book toppling over and effectively closing it. Harry shot her an unhappy look, knowing he would have to find his place again. She pulled a face at him before turning her attention over to Hagrid."Jus' lookin'," Hagrid said, in a voice that at once made Lucy think that he was up to something. Geez, she really had to talk to the man about subtly. It was no wonder Quirrell was confident he could steal the stone. "An' what are you lot up to? Yer not still lookin' fer Nicholas Flamel, are yeh?"'No, but I found out who's trying to steal the stone, and now I have to work for him until further notice,' Lucy thought dismally. At least she was learning from it..."Oh, we found out who he is ages ago," Ron said dismissively. "And we know that the dog's guarding the Philosopher's St—""Shhhhh! Don' go shoutin' about it, what's the matter with yeh?" Hagrid looked around frantically to see if anyone was listening. There was no one else in the library on this day; it was so nice out that Lucy didn't want to be inside either."There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said Harry, "about what's guarding the stone apart from Fluffy—""SHHHHH!" Lucy winced, feeling that Hagrid was making more noise than he was trying to avoid. "Listen—come an' see me later, I'm not promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know. They'll think I've told yeh—""See you later, then," Harry said, and he picked up his Herbology book and began leafing through it.Lucy raised her eyebrows at him. Smooth.Hagrid left awkwardly, hiding something in his hands. She tried to make out what it was, but she was out of luck— considering this was a library, she had a pretty good guess that it was a book. Nothing strange about that."What was he hiding behind his back?" Hermione wondered, staring at the spot where Hagrid was standing."Do you think it had anything to do with the stone?" Harry asked."Maybe he's just... checking out a book. Since it's a library," Lucy suggested. Harry looked at her, unconvinced. "Oh, right. I'm brainwashed. Silly me.""I'm going to see what section he was in," Ron said suddenly, and he left before Lucy could become more sarcastic— he was the only one to witness the shredding she gave Malfoy at the Quidditch match, and he did not want a repeat of that."Lucy, we know you're not brainwashed," Hermione said, giving the blonde what she supposed was a reassuring smile. "We understand that both of them seem suspicious, but Harry caught Snape threatening Quirrell. Anything Quirrell's admitted to you has got to be under duress.""And Snape's been meeting with you on Friday. Probably since he knows you're suspicious of him," Harry added darkly. He then looked at Lucy earnestly and put a hand on her shoulder. "If Snape's ever threatens you, don't be afraid to come to us. We'll stop him soon— we just need to find out what else is guarding the stone."Though the thought of Snape threatening her was laughable considering how bonkers Quirrell was, Lucy could help but feel touched at Harry's concern. She smiled at him and wrapped an arm around him, "Of course I will, Harry. I've got it all under control. Promise."Harry hugged her back. It was a sweet moment that was all too short-lived; Ron came back with a pile of books in his arms, and he slammed them down on the table. Lucy extracted herself to look over the covers, growing intrigued at what she saw."Dragons!" Ron whispered. "Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, a Dragon Keeper's Guide.""Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him," Harry recalled.Lucy grimaced. She had a feeling that Hagrid was either considering or had already acquired a dragon; she hoped that he was only perusing, otherwise their lives would get a lot harder. Who else would help Hagrid with the dragon, if not the four of them?"But it's against our laws," Ron said. "Dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warlock's Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. It's hard to stop muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden— anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous. You should see the burns Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania.""But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" Harry said, incredulous. Lucy was also in awe; she knew magical creatures existed, but the thought of real live dragons still sent a thrill through her. How could muggles live, with their point of view so ordinary, she wondered."Of course there are," Ron said. He flipped open one of the books and pointed at two photos of moving dragons. "Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you. Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who've spotted them, to make them forget.""Makes you wonder how many dragons you've seen," said Lucy in an ominous voice.Harry was unaffected, giving his friend a smile. "You're not even slightly scary.""You didn't see her nearly choke Crabbe to death, mate," Ron grinned. Lucy whirled around and glared at the boy; Harry didn't need to her about her creepier moments. He was likely the one person in her friend group who thought she was harmless.For his part, Harry looked unconvinced, giving Ron a skeptical raise of his eyebrows. "Yeah, alright, Ron.""She did!" Ron insisted."I doubt that. Lucy's too nice."Even though she was not too nice to choke Crabbe, she was still touched at the sentiment.Ron turned to Hermione, giving her a desperate look. "Cmon, Hermione, tell him!"But Hermione was deep in thought, looking over the pile of dragon books. She had her chin resting in her hands as she furrowed her eyebrows. "What on Earth could Hagrid be up to?""Let's head down there after lunch," Harry said. His eyes wandered distastefully over the scrolls of parchment scattering the table. "I've had enough studying for the day.""Cheers to that," Ron muttered.Ordinarily Lucy would have skipped out on going to Hagrids— she liked the man, but she really did have a lot of work to get done— but the thought of Hagrid meddling with dragons was just too much to resist.Harry knocked on door to the gamekeeper's hut, then pulled on the handle, expecting to be let in already. Only the door was locked, and all the curtains were drawn."Who is it?" Hagrid called, sounding nervous."It's us four. Why've you got the door locked?"Hagrid didn't answer, but he opened the door and quickly ushered them inside. He shut and locked it behind them.The first thing Lucy noticed was that the room was blazing hot— so much so that she immediately took off her Weasley sweater and thanked the heavens she thought to wear her T-Shirt too.Hagrid set to work making them tea and stout sandwiches, but the four of them quickly refused— steaming hot tea was not very appealing right now in this sauna."So— yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?""Yes," said Harry. "We were wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Philosopher's Stone apart from Fluffy."Lucy arched an eyebrow at her friend. Geez, way to cut to the chase, Harry."O' course I can't," Hagrid frowned. "Number one, I don' know meself. Number two, yeh know too much already, so I wouldn' tell yeh if I could. That Stone's here fer a good reason. It was almost stolen outta Gringotts—I s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? Beats me how yeh even know abou' Fluffy."Well, Dumbledore sort of announced to everyone precisely where Fluffy was, Lucy thought dryly. It was a wonder no other students went to investigate the corridor— she was half tempted to, if she hadn't done so accidentally.She began to wonder how on earth they would convince Hagrid to tell them more. From the meetings with Quirrell, she could infer who was involved— the emphasis on herbology indicated Professor Sprout, and the strange mention of 'practicing flying' made her suspect Madame Hooch was involved, too.If she knew Harry wanted to know, she would have told them by now— but she couldn't exactly talk about it in front of Hagrid."Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know. You know everything that goes on round here," Hermione said suddenly, drawing Lucy from her thoughts. The blonde's jaw dropped at the sheer sweetness in Hermione's voice. Was she, the goodiest of all goodies, manipulating Hagrid? "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really," she went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you."I am so proud of you, Lucy thought. She struggled to keep a grin from appearing on her face."Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that . . . let's see . . . he borrowed Fluffy from me . . . then some o' the teachers did enchantments . . . Professor Sprout—Professor Flitwick—Professor McGonagall—" he listed, "Professor Quirrell—an' Dumbledore himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape."She winced, already expecting Harry's outburst."Snape?!""Yeah—yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it," Hagrid frowned. He turned his eyes over to Lucy. "An' since when do you know abou' all this?" He demanded."Found out about the stone recently, but now I've generally been in the loop," she shrugged."You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy, aren't you, Hagrid?" Harry cut in anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teachers?""Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.That checked out. Even Snape didn't know how to get past Fluffy, much to the man's frustration— to her knowledge, Quirrell didn't know either. She had pet the Cerberus, sort of, but that was just a fluke, since the dog had just woken up and was probably frazzled."Well, that's something," Harry muttered. He wiped a bead of sweat off his forehead, grimacing. "Hagrid, can we have a window open? I'm boiling.""Can't, Harry, sorry," Hagrid said, glancing instinctively at the fire. He really was not good with secrets."Hagrid— what's that?"It was self explanatory, what the object in the fireplace was. Sitting right in the fire was a huge, black egg about the size of a bedside table."That's— er..." Hagrid trailed off. He avoided the four pointed gazes directed at him."Where did you get it, Hagrid? It must've cost a fortune." Ron leaned down to get a better look at it."Won it. Las' night. I was down in the village havin' a few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest."Lucy frowned; that was extremely suspicious. Who just had a dragon egg on hand in a pub, willing to gamble it off? If the stranger was glad to be rid of it, wouldn't he have sold it? There had to be some buyer out there eager for a dragon egg.She decided not to push the matter. The man looked so happy to have a dragon egg, and she didn't want to be the one to spoil his mood.Fortunately, Hermione volunteered to be the voice of reason. "But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?""Well, I've bin doin' some readin'," Hagrid pulled a large book from under his pillow. "Got this outta the library—Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit—it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, 'cause their mothers breathe on 'em, see, an' when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o' brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An' see here—how ter recognize diff'rent eggs—what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're rare, them."He was positively beaming. Ron and Harry grinned, too, but Hermione and Lucy were not as enthusiastic."Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," Hermione stressed.Hagrid didn't reply. He hummed happily to himself as he tended to the fire.Lucy heaved a great sigh. She had a feeling they would be dealing with this dragon very, very soon.

The first thing Lucy wanted to find out was how exactly Hagrid managed to get his hands on a dragon. Sure, he said he won it in a match with a stranger, but what stranger just casually has a dragon on hand to give away at the drop of a hat? She wished the Gryffindors would think more about the peripheral problems. Of course, just because she wanted to know who gave the gamekeeper the dragon didn't mean she was able to find out— as much as she loathe to admit it, she was only a first year after all, and she didn't exactly have the resources nor the investigative skills to ask around the pub.She'd have to let that matter rest for now. Maybe she'd bring it up with Quirrell.Quirrell was a lot less insufferable than Lucy thought he'd be. The muttering to himself was off-putting, not to mention the strange muffled hissing she heard alongside it, but aside from that, the lessons were proving to be legitimately useful. She was concerned about the tasks the knowledge was centered around— why would she need to know how to brew antidotes for poison? — but at the end of the day, her marks in her classes were increasing. She'd always gotten A's and E's, but lately she was pulling O after O. Even in Potions class.Hermione was rightfully suspicious, but she refused to believe that Quirrell actually evil and teaching Lucy evil lessons. Even though she wasn't secretive about her lessons at all. So at the end of the day, Lucy was winning."Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Ron sighed one morning at breakfast, looking wistfully up at the clear ceiling. This morning, the weather was exceptionally nice, and the blue sky sparkled down upon them.Lucy looked up from her stack of pancakes to shoot him a flat look. No amount of nice weather would prevent her from bugging the Gryffindors. "Nobody asked you to hide a dragon from the general public. You could just, you know, ignore it. Hagrid sort of brought it on himself.""Of course we can't ignore it!" He said with an outraged expression. He looked genuinely disbelieving at the idea that they could simply let Hagrid solve his own problems instead of rushing in to save the day."Gryffindors," she muttered with a shake of her head.Harry looked up from his pumpkin juice to give Lucy an apologetic smile. Up until this point, he was scribbling away on a last minute Charms essay. "Sorry, Luce. Hagrid's our friend. We sort of do have to. You don't, if you don't want to...""Well if you're all doing it, then I have to do it, otherwise I'll feel bad," she huffed."Knew you'd say that," Harry grinned.Lucy pulled a face before returning her attention to her breakfast. Harry was right; it didn't matter how unnecessary or dangerous their plans were, she would always help them out if they asked her to. Even if they didn't ask her to, she cared for her friends and wanted to keep them safe. Especially when Harry was involved— she wanted to protect that boy."The boy kills one dark lord, and he thinks he owns the place," Lucy said to Neville from across the way.Neville stared back at her, unsure whether or not to defend Harry. In the end he decided to take it as a joke and he laughed weakly.She grinned. Making people uncomfortable was so much fun."If you're done being jealous of me, I've got a letter to read," Harry said smugly as he reached for a folded note in the talons of a particularly large barge owl."I am not jealous, you git—"But whatever argument she was about to spark was interrupted; Harry's eyes widened as he shoved the note over to Hermione and Ron. "It's hatching!" he hissed, "We've got to go down and watch it—""No we don't," Hermione said sharply. "I know we have to help Hagrid, but Lucy's got a point. We shouldn't draw unnecessary attention to ourselves. Besides— Exams are coming up and we're not missing Herbology.""Hermione, come on, it's a dragon!" Ron groaned, "How many times do you reckon we'll be able to see a dragon hatch?""Well your brother does work with dragons, Ron, so it's not as unlikely as you'd think," Harry conceded. He still looked tempted to skip Herbology anyway, but whenever Lucy and Hermione agreed on something, the argument was already over.Ron frowned, still not convinced. "Like my mum would ever let me. Hermione, come on—"Hermione glared back at him. "We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing—""Shut up!" Harry whispered.Lucy turned round to ask him what the heck he was thinking, speaking to Hermione with that tone, but she soon realized why he was acting so harshly. Malfoy had been passing by their table, stopping dead in his tracks with his to listen. A wide grin spread across the blonde's face and he continued on his way. There was a slight swagger to his walk that Lucy didn't like one bit.Harry looked over at her, concern written all over his face. "Is there any point in asking you to keep him quiet?""He doesn't listen to me any more than he'd listen to you," she sighed. She glanced at the students exiting the Great Hall. "C'mon, let's get to class. During break you lot can head to Hagrid's, while I try and think of a way to keep Malfoy's mouth shut."Harry and Ron were grumpy about it, but they agreed to attend class, much to Lucy's relief. Skipping was fun and everything but she really didn't need the extra work load, or the extra detention, right now. In fact, during break she was planning on heading down to Quirrell's office to tell him about the dragon.Now, before anyone accuses her of being a traitor, she had perfectly sound logic. First off, the chance of Hagrid actually getting away with keeping a dragon on Hogwart's grounds was slim to none. That was just common sense. Harry and the rest could meddle all they wanted, but there was no way this operation was going to pass by smoothly.Secondly, she wanted to ensure that Quirrell would trust her. Just because he was teaching her new magic didn't mean that he wouldn't cast the killing curse on her should he find out she was lying to him. She wouldn't tell Snape about the dragon— the man was helping her but she knew he would sniff out any reason to expel Harry, and aiding and abetting a dragon smuggler might very well push him over the edge— but she felt like Quirrell wouldn't go to such lengths."Well don't you look deep in thought," Hannah commented to Lucy halfway through class. "You know, you've been more mysterious than usual lately. What dark secret are you hiding now?"Lucy tilted her head, squinting her eyes at the girl. "Wait, what?""You know, your dark secret," she repeated, as though it was obvious. "You've had detentions like every week— what did you even do to get those, anyway? And Quirrell's held you back after class every day. And Snape doesn't pick on you anymore."Damn these Hufflepuffs and their observation skills. Wasn't that supposed to be a Ravenclaw thing?"That doesn't mean I have a dark secret," Lucy laughed. Even though she literally had a dark secret. "If you really want to know why Quirrell's kept me behind, you could just ask.""Okay. Why the hell does he keep you behind?""It's a secret.""Ugh!" Hannah stepped away from the plant and looked at Susan with pleading eyes. "Susan, Lucy's being mean again!"Lucy's jaw dropped as Susan turned to glare at her. "I am not being mean!" She protested, "I'm an innocent little Hufflepuff with a deep, dark secret that Hannah Abbott must never know about. That's all.""I'll throw these worms at you, Lucy. I mean it," Susan warned."Please don't," Megan groaned. Looking over at her, Lucy saw that her friend was several paces away from their table, a disgusted look on her face as Wayne handled the worms. She looked up at the sky and threw her hands out, exasperated. "God, I hate Herbology! Why are we even forced to learn about magical plants? When will this help us in life? Can't we learn how to, oh, I don't know, pay wizard taxes? Do tax collectors come 'round and take coins? Why does wizard money have so many coins? Why do plants try and kill you? Why do wizards still even need to hide?! What is this life we live in!""Megan, worms are gone now.""Oh, cool!" Megan stopped cursing at the heavens and smiled brightly, as though she hadn't just put everyone through an existential crisis."Wizard... taxes... so many coins..." Ernie said, his face pale. "Oh, Merlin...""There, there, Ernie," Justin patted his friend on the back. "Don't listen to the nasty muggleborn.""You're muggleborn too!""Psh. No I'm not; only muggleborns are afraid of worms, you know. It's how they tell them apart.""Oh, you aren't afraid of worms, are you?" Megan scowled and, forgetting her fear of worms, she opened the container of worms and hurled a handful at Justin's chest. Only her aim was off a bit, and they hit him square in the face."OH, GROSS!" Justin shouted. He shook his head wildly causing a few to fly off and land in Ernie's precious hair.This caused Ernie to shriek in terror too, and as he frantically tried to hit the worms off of him, his elbow jutted out and knocked over his own container, sending the poor worms spilling all over the table.Unfortunately, this was just enough chaos to invoke Professor Sprout's attention. Now, their head of house was very kind, but she also had a firm personality, especially when it came to her greenhouse. The woman hustled over to them, waving her wand to rescue the worms before they got crushed. "You five!" She said in a scolding voice, "Detention!"The Hufflepuffs looked at each other, confused. There were seven of them."Um, that's fair, but which five, Professor?" Megan asked. She was impressively unconcerned with receiving her first detention, even as the Gryffindors were staring at them too.Professor Sprout sighed, "You, Justin, Ernie, Wayne, and Lucille.""What have I been doing, Professor?" Lucy gaped. She'd been watching the scene in amusement and had laughed at them, but she was on the sidelines with Hannah and Susan."Forgive my assumptions, Lucy, but whenever there's trouble, historically you've always played a role in it," Professor Sprout said dryly."I already have detention on Friday with Professor Snape," she protested. "Can't you just tell him to keep me twice as long and we'll call it fair?""You can't negotiate your own detention, Lucy."Sprout was quiet for a few moments before deciding, "But admittedly, that is a good idea. A point to Hufflepuff for initiative.""What!" Hermione exclaimed in the background.Lucy held back a laugh, figuring that Sprout wouldn't appreciate it.Well, that settled it. Hufflepuff was officially the most fun Hogwarts House of them all.As Sprout walked away, holding the containers of worms close to her chest, Lucy turned to face the four troublemakers with a glare."You think you can get me more detention? You've just started a war, my friends."With that, she took off her gloves and headed over to the Gryffindor side of the greenhouse."Lucy? What does that mean?" Ernie called after her.She paid him no mind, standing next to Harry who gave her an amused grin."Lucy? Lucy! What does that mean?!"Justin looked at his friend solemnly. "I think we'd better watch our backs for awhile, Ernest."Megan eyed the evil grin on Lucy's face warily."Yeah, I think that's a good decision."

Aside from receiving an unsolicited detention, Lucy was having a pretty good day. She herself didn't know what she meant by 'starting a war' but she decided to let the tension build before deciding on anything.Partnering with Harry for the rest of Herbology turned out to be a poor decision on her part. There were only ten minutes of class left, she figured there was no way they could mess up anything. By the time they were allowed to leave, Harry managed to provoke the most docile magical plant in the world, and Sprout had to restrain the horrible beast as they evacuated the greenhouse.Harry didn't stick around for long after that. He dodged the smack Lucy aimed at his arm and ran straight for Hagrid's hut with Ron and Hermione. Have fun getting eaten by a dragon, she thought. Sighing, Lucy caught up to her fellow badgers as they headed up to the castle."You'd think the Boy-Who-Lived would know how to handle a plant, after defeating You-Know-Who," Hannah said. Her eyes no longer held the awed gleam they usually had when Harry Potter came into discussion. Looks like someone's crush just got crushed."You do know he was only a baby, right? No one knows what happened that night," Susan rolled her eyes. "Not even my aunt knows, and she investigated the crime scene.""She investigated it?" Ernie gaped. "Did she tell you anything?""I really don't think I should say..." Susan said skeptically. Lucy half agreed with her— she didn't want Harry's business spread around the school any more than the boy himself would. But she couldn't deny that she was curious. The whole event seemed to be shrouded in mystery."Come on, Susan, you can't just leave it at that!" Ernie groaned."Yes, she can," Lucy said, rolling her eyes at the boy. "That's Harry's business and Harry's business alone." She looked back at Susan, who looked ashamed at having brought it up. "I'll tell him you know about it and if he wants to know, he'll approach you himself. Until then, let's just get inside— it's boiling out here."Susan nodded, turning a bit red at the thought of the Boy-Who-Lived approaching her. Noticing this, Justin smirked. "Aw, does someone have a crush on the celebrity?""What, you don't?" Megan said as though she was confused. "I thought everyone did. Do you, Hannah?""Most definitely. You, Lucy?"She went to immediately say 'oh god, no', but the still red faced Susan made her stop herself. Instead she smiled tightly and said, "Absolutely. You, Wayne?""Madly in love," Wayne said in a flat voice.Justin frowned. "You lot are no fun."Hannah flicked his ear. "You'd better behave, Finch, or I'll tell Anthony you're teasing the girls again."Having seen the way Anthony interacted with Daisy on a daily basis, Lucy doubted that the boy would be disappointed in Justin. She loved her mummy-duck, but she could not believe that Daisy hadn't murdered him already- Cedric too, for that matter.As they entered the castle, her friends made for the Great Hall while she made for the staircase. Just as she was about to take the first step, Megan grabbed her sleeve and pulled her back. "Hey, where are you going? We were all going get in some studying before our next class.""And the Great Hall has snacks," Ernie added cheerfully. "'Sides, you really do need to ease up on the 'dark secret' thing.""I do not have a dark secret!" Lucy huffed. "I just have to ask Professor Snape about some extra credit work, that's all.""Bugger Snape!"Suddenly, the doors to the Great Hall swung open, and Anthony stood there crossing his arms with a disapproving look on his face. "What's this I hear about buggering Snape? Don't you know that's one of the ten most venomous creatures to ever slither across this planet?"Cedric trailed in after him, holding a goblet of pumpkin juice. "It's true," he said casually. "Rickett should know- he's done it himself."Anthony reflexively laughed, then realized what exactly Cedric was getting at. "Why, you little brat!" he swung his arm out to clock him upside the head, but Cedric only laughed and stepped out of the way."Diggory: 1, Rickett: 0," he said smugly."That is so not the score!" Anthony called after him as he rounded the corner. Shaking his head, he turned to face the first years. "Now, why are you lot huddled around this fine staircase? You're burning precious break time, my ducklings.""We're about to drag the mysterious one to spend time with us for once," Hannah tattled. "Would you care to help us?""Would I care to help you, do you know who you're talking to? Of course I'd like to drag someone against their will! Honestly, I thought you knew me," Anthony shook his head in mock disappointment. He fixed Lucy with an evil grin. "We can do this the easy way, or the hard way.""Or, we can do this the mature way, which is you letting me do what I want," she countered, taking a step back toward the staircase."Or, we can do this in the good friend way, which is us not letting you work yourself to the bone," he said, taking slow, deliberate step toward her. This was oddly more terrifying than if he had sprinted at her. "You have no say in this matter, Blondie. You will come with us."Her heart actually started thrumming in her chest at Anthony's tone. Something about him going into Mama Bear mode was utterly terrifying. She stumbled back even further— only to connect with something solid. She watched as her friends' faces contorted into horror.Carefully, she looked upward, wincing at the unhappy looking Professor Quirrell looming over her.He placed a hand on her shoulder. "Is there a problem here, students?" He said in a dark tone.He might have gotten the idea that her friends had real ill intent, or he just wanted to be a menace for once. Whatever it was, she hoped he would cut it out soon. She was trying her best to be to be a good spy, but she was going to need Quirrell to play his role too if it was going to go undetected.He had one job. Act like defenseless, stuttering mess. Now he was towering over her like Nosferatu, and judging by the looks of shock from her friends, they noticed the change too.While her fellow first years looked nervous, Anthony's eyes moved over to the hand resting on her shoulder. He narrowed his eyes at the professor. "I don't know, professor. Is there a problem?""There's no problem!" Lucy insisted. She looked between the two nervously. She hoped Anthony wouldn't cause a scene. Could that man behave any more suspiciously? She turned around to look at Quirrell, giving him a forced smile. "Terribly sorry to bump into you, Professor. I was just on my way to see Professor Snape about extra credit.""W-w-w-what a c-coincidence," the man stammered, finally getting back into character. "I-I needed to speak to S-S-Severus m-myself.""What a coincidence indeed!" She couldn't bring herself to meet Anthony's intense gaze, so she instead waved at Megan before heading up the staircase, Professor Quirrell following close behind.Quirrell met Lucy's fast pace easily, and once they were out of sight, he turned to arch his eyebrow at her. "Extra credit?" He questioned. "I doubt such a notion exists in Severus Snape's mind."She couldn't help but laugh at the slight diss to Snape. "Not my best excuse," she admitted. "But then again, it's more believable than getting extra credit from you."His lips twitched slightly. She grinned, feeling more confident now that he was in a good mood. "Anyway, poor excuses aside, did you know Hagrid has a dragon?! Ron, the madman, wanted me to watch it hatch during break!""Well, why didn't you?" Quirrell asked, looking genuinely curious. "You won't have many opportunities to watch a dragon hatch.""Actually Ron's brother works in a dragon sanctuary, so my chances are a lot higher than you'd think. But you're not surprised at all?" She was somewhat disappointed by his lack of reaction. She knew the man wasn't the nervous mess that he acted like, but any normal human being would have to be a little put off by a dragon on school grounds.They finally reached the classroom. Quirrell unlocked the door with a flick of his wand and gestured for her to go in first. Once she was inside the classroom, he closed the door and cast a spell on it. "A silencing charm," he explained at her questioning look. "And I'm not surprised at all, because it was I who gave Mr. Hagrid the dragon in the first place."Lucy was quiet for a few seconds, taking that all in. Then she burst out, "Where on earth did you get a dragon?!"He stared blankly at her. "You're not at all curious as to why I gave him such a thing? Never mind, you'll find out soon enough. If you must know, I won the thing off of a drunken fellow in a game of gobstones. Legimency comes quite in handy.""Gobstones? What's that?"Quirrell opened his mouth to explain, then closed it. He looked over her calculatingly. "Rochester... that's not a wizarding name, is it?"Oh, here we go. After a few weeks, he finally decided to get all Pureblood Supremist."Depends on what you consider a wizarding name. I'm a wizard—" she glared when he opened his mouth to correct her, "– witch, I know, not the point, Quirrell— and I picked it out myself.""Picked it out?"She sighed, crossing her arms over her chest. "I grew up in Wool's Orphanage. Whoever dropped me off couldn't be bothered to give me a last name. It was okay, really, I had a whole gimmick and everything."It must have been the light, but she could have sworn his eyes flickered red. "Wool's... orphanage?"No, Wool's laundromat."Mhm," she nodded. "Lovely place. The gray monotones really set the tone for the institution. It doesn't matter now; I'll be at Hogwarts for most of the year from now on."He was unaffected by her joke, which she found quite rude. "And no one came to adopt you?"Lucy frowned. She didn't know why he was interrogating her on this. It'd only been a decade or so since the last wizarding war— there were probably loads of orphans running around. In fact, she could name two off the top of her head: Susan and Harry."One guy did, but I didn't like the look of him. Long blonde hair, looked like he'd stepped in something bad when he walked in." She shuddered just thinking about having to live with such a person. She'd hid on the staircase while he asked Mrs. Cole about her— a description, behaviors, et cetera— and all the while he had been very rude to the woman. Mrs. Cole may be grumpy, but she was into her late eighties at this point, so she had to cut her some slack."I ran away for a few weeks. Never told anyone where, but I hid in the Orphanage right under everyone's nose," Lucy said proudly. "Right in the crawl space—""Hidden inside the kitchen's stores," Quirrell finished."Yeah! That's..." Lucy trailed off, feeling shivers run up her back. "That's right... Professor?"He swished his wand through the air, and she flinched, thinking he'd struck her— but the door to the classroom swung open."Well, you've had your curiosity satiated enough for on day, don't you think?" Quirrell asked. The way he said it, it didn't sound like much of a question.She stared at him. Her face was devoid of emotion but inside her chest, she could feel her heart pounding against her rib cage. How did he know that? He shouldn't know that.Without another word, she slipped out of the room, struggling to keep a casual pace. As she rounded the corner, she walked faster, and faster, until she was sprinting toward the staircase.He shouldn't know that, she thought, alarms blaring in her head. What else did he know? Did he know she was deceiving him?She finally arrived at the Hufflepuff common room. The whole way she felt like she was being watched, but that was more her being paranoid than anything else. She technically had half a day of classes ahead of her, and she couldn't really take much more detention, but the thought of sitting in class made her insides freeze up.As she lay on her bed staring at the ceiling in the silence of her empty dorm, she felt her heart rate start to settle. There was no way Quirrell knew she was spying. She'd told the Gryffindors the truth about her spying, but they would've have told anyone else— if not because they believed her, then because they didn't want her locked up in a madhouse. Snape, as horrid as he was, knew how to keep a secret.She turned over on her side, suddenly feeling irritated. "I can't believe I'm intimidated by Quirrell the Squirrel," she huffed. That simply wouldn't do.This would all be over eventually. The school year was coming to an end, and when Quirrell decided to go for the Stone, she would be right outside Snape's door.It was just a matter of time.

Dear Lucille:I'm glad to hear you've been behaving at your new school. You seem to be maturing in a new environment.By the time you've returned to Wool's, I will be gone. I cannot keep up with the work these days, so I will be moving back to Scotland. But I can answer your questions.One other child at Wool's Orphanage has attended your prestigious school. His name was Tom Riddle. I could not forget him, because he was such an unruly child. He always talked back, and there was something wrong about him. I can't recall anyone named Quirrell ever visiting or living Wool's Orphanage. I took the liberty of checking through the records, too.Although I will be gone when you get back, make sure you drop this old lady a line every once in awhile. It is a great pleasure to have a child succeed from Wool's Orphanage. From what I hear Tom Riddle wasted the opportunity he was given and worked in a shop until he died.Well, that's all I can think of. I hope I could ease your mind.Sincerely,Mrs. ColeLucy read the letter a few times over before she was satisfied. She'd received it the night before, but she hadn't gotten a chance to read it since her dorm mates were getting ready for bed— and they really did get nosy about letters. She had to start hiding the ones she got from Nathan because they thought she had a secret muggle boyfriend. Nathan was definitely not her boyfriend and from what he told her, he was falling for that Emma girl at the orphanage.Well, at least that was one question answered. Quirrell hadn't gone to Wool's Orphanage. Unfortunately, that raised another question— how had he known about the secret passageway? Mrs. Cole mentioned Tom Riddle, but she doubted he had anything to do with it. Sounded like a loser, honestly. She didn't pay that name much thought; if Mrs. Cole didn't like him and thought he was dark, it probably meant he was a normal boy.She shook her head, smiling at the thought of that old bat. She and Mrs. Cole had a turbulent relationship over her lifespan, but she was glad the woman was retiring at last. She really was ancient.The movement of her shaking her head made Grayble peak one eye open at her to give her a disapproving look. Every night, he would snuggle against her neck. Pulling him off in the morning was always a wretched task that made Lucy feel like an absolute monster. Luckily, it was Saturday morning, so she wouldn't have to go through that arduous task."Sorry, Graybie," Lucy smiled and ran her hand down his back.He closed his eyes and purred, nuzzling in further.She closed her eyes. For once, she felt utterly at peace in the world.Then her door was literally broken down."WANDS DOWN! It's the Breakfast Aurors, here to make you answer for your crimes!" Anthony shouted, charging into the room like a mad bull. Megan ran in behind him, pushing a cart filled with plates of food.Lucy jumped up and pulled the terrified Grayble close to her chest. She stared at Anthony in absolute horror. Her heart rate felt like it was going to stutter and fail with how fast it was going. "What, and I cannot stress this enough, the bloody HELL are you doing?!""Delivering the Princess some breakfast, of course!" Megan said happily. She bit off a piece of bacon and grinned at Lucy's still horrified face."You scared Grayble!" She accused. The cat in question let out a sad little mew for dramatic effect. "My little Graybie Baby! My precious little baby boy!""Listen, your cat's a bed, it doesn't have rights," Anthony informed. "Now, I'd love to banter, but time really is of the essence. We stole all this food from the Great Hall and its only a matter of time before McGonagall finds Sprout to let her in.""Great, more detention," Lucy grumbled, but she reached for the pile of bacon anyway. To make it up to the traumatized Grayble, she crushed up a few pieces and held it in her palm for him to eat, since he was a spoiled lad who didn't trust plates. He would only eat food straight from her hand or else hunt it himself. Good thing he was a bed and didn't need to eat much..."Soooo, what are your plans for the day?" Anthony asked casually. He was trying to compensate for the fact that he was sitting on her busted down door. Daisy would be absolutely furious later, and Lucy had a feeling she would know who the culprit was without having to ask."It was to lounge around and cuddle my cat, but now that I'm up, I reckon I better get some homework done," Lucy sighed. She eyed the pile of books by her bedside with revulsion. It towered so high that when she woke up, the first thing she saw was the title Transfigure Your Wardrobe sparkling at her. (She still had yet to try that out.)"Ugh, me too," Megan groaned. She couldn't remain grumpy for long as she looked outside. "At least it's nice out! We could do it outside by the Black Lake.""That's sort of reserved for fifth years and up," Anthony regretfully informed. "They get real cranky whenever first years take it up.""Of course they do, grumpy teenagers," Megan grumbled."We could sit near Hagrid's house." Then Lucy remembered the dragon in his hut. His wooden hut. Had they settled that yet? It'd been a few days since she'd talked to Harry, she'd probably have to check up on that. "Never mind," she said quickly. "Great Hall it is. We can still see the sky... and there's food... and magical air conditioning...""Air conditioning?" Anthony screwed his face up in confusion while Megan laughed. "You know what, I don't want to know. Barbaric muggle contraptions.""You're just mad you failed Muggle Studies mid-term exams," Megan poked her tongue out at him. "Even after I tutored you.""Last time I get tutored by a first year, that's for sure!" Realizing what he just said, Anthony sighed. "Okay, I see now why I failed. That one's on me."Lucy snickered at their banter. She set her empty plate on the cart then shoved the cart over to Anthony. "I'm going to get ready. Soooo, get out and take that with you. Oh, and fix our door.""Well, isn't someone a Miss Bossy Pants," Anthony sniffed, crossing his arms over his chest. "You know what, I don't think I will."She mocked his pose and tilted her head at him. "You know what, I think I'll tell Daisy what you've done if you don't."He froze, debating whether or not he wanted that woman hunting him down, then glared at the girl. Slowly, he stood up and pulled the cart out of the room. "You're evil," he told her. "Evil and cruel.""Yeah, yeah, see you later," she waved him off and headed into the bathroom, Grayble trailing behind her. "No, young lad. I need you to escort Ms. Jones to the Great Hall. She is a rather troublesome one."Grayble tilted his head at her. She nodded back at him. Then, oddly enough, a determined gleam shone in the cat's eyes and he trotted over to Megan, nudging her with his head."Is he... herding me?" Megan said in disbelief. "Please tell me your cat is not herding me.""I think he is, lass," Lucy said gravely. She started to close the bathroom door. "You'd better listen to him. He's a persistent one.""Lucy, I don't think-"She shut the door, cutting off any further arguments.Megan huffed, looking down at the cat who kept bumping his head into her leg. He was getting more persistent with each bump. It was sort of concerning. "Alright, alright! Calm down there. I'm going. Blimey."Breakfast was over, but there were plenty of students in the Great Hall anyway. By the time Lucy arrived, her friends were all at the Hufflepuff table, their homework spread out before them."This is the saddest scene I've ever laid my eyes upon," Lucy said, looking at all the books on the table. She suddenly wanted to do literally anything other than homework. "You know what, I take it back. Homework is rubbish, I quit magic forever, goodbye.""Don't be so dramatic. It only gets worse from here," Cedric said with a smirk."Precisely the reason I should quit while I'm ahead." She turned to leave, but at that moment Professor Quirrell stepped into the Great Hall. His eyes connected with hers and before she could even think of anything, a hand wrapped around her forearm and pulled her to the table. Startled, she looked around to see Anthony glaring over at the professor suspiciously.It was like a flip switched in Anthony's head, because suddenly he was looking at Lucy, just as cheerful as before. It didn't escape her notice. She resisted the urge to sigh. Hopefully, Anthony's suspicions of the professor would pass. Not that they were unfounded or anything- he was right to be concerned."Homework or not, House Bonding is very important, cub!" he insisted, slinging an arm around her shoulders. She cast him an amused look."I thought we were ducklings," Susan said dryly."Oh, you are. But cub rolls off the tongue so much better, wouldn't you agree?""If you're our mum, does that make Daisy our dad?" Megan asked innocently. Daisy hadn't been paying attention up to this point, but as soon as Megan spoke she looked up from her homework to glare at the girl. While they had been on better terms as of late, Anthony was still a right terror to be around."Daisy? No!" Anthony said, outraged. Daisy looked slightly offended before he continued, "My baby Seedric is obviously the only one suitable enough to be my husband!"All the first years looked over to Cedric for confirmation. The boy sighed, looking like he was a hundred years old with the way his shoulders slumped. "The divorce papers are still processing," he said grimly.Anthony laughed boisterously. He pulled away from Lucy to reach across the table and plant a loud, wet kiss on the boy's cheek. "You know you love me, dear!"Cedric scowled and pushed him away, wiping furiously at his cheek. "That's gross on so many levels!""Why, 'cause he's a boy?" Daisy said in a low voice. The look she was giving Cedric was slightly dangerous.Still, he was unaffected. He tossed her an unimpressed glare. "No, because it's Anthony! Would you really want Rickett's wet old lady lips on your cheek?""Fair point," she shuddered."Okay, how DARE you! My lips are perfectly sculpted for any forms of kissing!" Anthony said, clearly outraged."It doesn't matter how perfectly sculpted your lips are. Keep it to yourself," Megan advised."I wouldn't mind," Ross Meadowes said in passing, waggling his eyebrows at Anthony.The latter swooned, laying a hand over his heart. "Oh, Ross, don't tease me!"Lucy shook her head with a smile. Once again, her friends were utterly amazing. All thoughts of Quirrell faded to the back of her mind as Cedric reached forward to attempt to strangle Anthony, and she settled into the conversation, feeling utterly at peace."You want me to what at what time of night?!"Lucy stared at Harry, Ron and Hermione with a look of pure horror on her face. Oh, God no. Couldn't she have one normal day? With no creepy professors or vaguely life threatening quests? This was a Saturday, for God's sake. She should be curled away in bed petting her Grayble, but no, here she was in an empty corridor with three insane Gryffindors who wanted her to help smuggle a dragon."Come on, Lucy, we need all the help we can get," Harry pleaded desperately."Oh, I'm definitely helping, don't even worry about it, Harry," she assured him. She then took a deep breath in. "I'm not sure how much more detention I can fit in my very busy schedule, what with Snape's brainwashing sessions and everything.""Oh, Lucy, can you quit that for a second?" Hermione said impatiently. "I can't wait until this year is over- when you'll finally see Quirrell is innocent, that is."Lucy didn't take the bait. There was no point in arguing. Admittedly she didn't have much evidence other than her word, and she could see it from their point of view. After all, this was a school for magic; any advanced professor could easily mind control a first year like herself. She had to focus on the task at hand. Which was smuggling a dragon."Shady garlic business aside, let's lay out a plan here," she said, not missing their relieved look at the change in subject. Ooh, the words I Told You So would be SO nice, but now was not the time. "So, what have we got?""An invisibility cloak," Harry said."Great. What else?""Ah, nothing. I was thinking we'd just... figure it out," he admitted.Lucy stared at him. Nothing of importance came to mind, so she slowly nodded. "Okay... I see..." She thought very hard for some kind of alternative route but for the life of her she had nothing. Maybe a Ravenclaw or Slytherin would be better suited for this, but the only Slytherin she could think of was Malfoy- and he was the one trying to sabotage them. "Alright, that's good enough for me. See you tonight. Should I wear something warm?""Nah, we're likely to get hot carrying Norbert the whole way," Ron reasoned. "It's been so nice out today, I reckon it'll be fine."As it turned out, it was not fine. Lucy, in nothing but her yellow sweater from Mrs. Cole and pajama pants, hugged her arms desperately as the cold night air seeped straight to her bones. She felt her nose run slightly, and she sniffled as she made her way down to Hagrid's hut. In her backpack she had packed a spellbook in case they ran into any trouble, but that was it as far as backup plans went. She was a little late to the party; Hagrid had already gone back inside, and the other three were struggling to lift the crate up."Ron, sometimes I think you're trying to kill me," she said through chattering teeth, rubbing her hands together for at least the illusion of warmth."You caught me," Ron said, just as unhappily. His hand slipped out from under the crate. He barely managed to catch it, and from inside Norbert made an unhappy growl. "Agh— come over here and help!"Grumbling, Lucy obeyed. She ignored the stinging in her hands as best she could. Between the four of them, the job wasn't quite as hard. But they were still hauling a dragon across school grounds and up a giant tower.About halfway up the hill from Hagrid's house, Lucy realized something. "Ugh! We're so stupid!" she groaned. "Here- hold this."She let go of the crate and pulled out her wand. "Wingardium Leviosa," she said clearly. To her relief, the crate hovered above the Gryffindors' hands.Harry stared at her as if she was Albert Einstein in the flesh. "Lucy," he said breathlessly. "You're a genius."She shrugged off his praise. "If I was a genius, I'd have thought of this about thirty yards ago. Now let's go, before the spell wears off."The rest of the journey passed with higher spirits. Now that they didn't have to lug the crate manually, they were able to move more quietly. She was still wary of Malfoy, and she kept an eye out for him. Truthfully, she was hoping he would show up so she would have an excuse to hit him with a hex or two. Those books she'd bought at Diagon Alley had yet to come out of her wand. She would have to fix that, preferably soon or at Wool's Orphanage.They at last reached the corridor underneath the Astronomy Tower. She frowned at the sight of the familiar entrance. She couldn't wait for the day she wouldn't have to take Astronomy class...A movement ahead of the four almost made them jump out of their skin. The invisibility cloak didn't quite cover them all. Looking around at each other nervously, Lucy suddenly sighed then made the elective decision to sit atop the crate. It sunk a little with the added weight, but thankfully stayed afloat.A bright light made her wince, but the sight she saw all but made up for it. Professor McGonagall dressed in a bathrobe and hairnet marched forward, pulling Malfoy by his ear."Are professors allowed to grab students' ears here?" Hermione whispered to her. Definitely not the matter at hand, but she had a valid point."They always did at Wool's," Lucy whispered back. Hermione shot her a horrified look which she could only shrug at. She'd better not mention the cane they often used on their knuckles."Detention!" McGonagall shouted. "And twenty points from Slytherin! Wandering around in the middle of the night, how dare you—"Was she really that mad? Lucy'd been caught wandering at night plenty of times- often after detention- and she usually got a warning or another detention."You don't understand, Professor. Harry Potter's coming— he's got a dragon!"Oh. Right, well that was a better reason. From McGonagall's point of view, Malfoy was wandering and lying to her."What utter rubbish! How dare you tell such lies! Come on- I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!"Travelling up the Astronomy Tower had them all in even higher spirits, if that was possible. Especially for Lucy, who had yet to get off the crate. Ron glared enviously as she sat, legs swinging off the crate as they had to walk up the countless stairs."Remind me why we brought you," he muttered."Moral support, dashing good looks. You name it, really," she grinned.Ron couldn't help grinning back. "Oh, right."Lucy could not have been happier to see Charlie Weasley's friends arrive to take that horrid dragon off their hands. If there was one thing she learned from this experience, it was that she was not cut out for Care of Magical Creatures. Grayble was an exception, because he was a sort of subcategory of a cat.She watched Charlie's friends fly away with a feeling of deep satisfaction in her core. Although she now had to walk down a bunch of stairs, she could at least feel satisfied both with the fact that they had gotten rid of the dragon and that Malfoy had detention. Her good mood was only soiled when halfway down the many, many stairs, she realized that they had forgotten the invisibility cloak."You go on ahead," Lucy groaned, giving the stairs a long suffering look. She didn't want to, but Harry looked so tired that she figured she might as well. "I'll get it. Don't wait up, I'll be a few minutes.""I will buy you so many licorice wands for this," Harry said seriously, laying his hands on her shoulders. "You're the best.""Yeah, yeah, quit tempting me with your Boy-Who-Lived powers," She muttered, but she couldn't resist smiling at him.She had an odd feeling that something wasn't right, so she hurried in her trip back up the stairs. Luckily, the cloak didn't stay invisible when not in use, so she found it glimmering in the moonlight easily. She stuffed it in her backpack so as not to get it confiscated if they got caught. Staring at the stairs, she really didn't want to have to make that trip."I wonder," she muttered, pulling out her wand. She pointed it at her backpack and uttered the levitating charm. Sure enough, it floated into the air. She then cast the lightening charm McGonagall had taught her back at Diagon Alley on herself and then awkwardly lay on her backpack, using it more as a kicking board than anything.But it worked.She looked like an idiot, but it worked."I am the greatest wizard who has ever lived," she said aloud. Her heart swelled at her brilliance, and she allowed herself a moment of arrogance. "Voldymort who? Lucy Rochester's in town, buddy, and she's on a floating backpack. Bet you didn't think of that one, did you, Moldevort?"Now that her bragging to thin air was out of the way, she began the fun process of floating down the stairs. It got a bit dodgy toward the end when her feet left the stairs and started hurtling down at a faster speed. Sure enough, she couldn't stop herself, and when she reached the end she flew— more like crashed— into none other than dear old Filch. The man let out a startled yell and fell flat on his face.Her friends stared at her like she was an insane person. She smiled, but it came out as more of a wince. She laughed awkwardly and scratched the back of her neck. "Uh... my bad?"The walk to Professor McGonagall's office was tenser than it had to be. Filch had somehow managed to hit his nose on the floor- she had no idea how that happened... none at all- so he was nursing a slightly bleeding nose, all the while Lucy had her backpack on her back. Due to the weightless charm, she was kind of bouncing her way through the halls, walking more like she was on the moon than anything.The only one who found humor in this was Harry. He kept biting his lip to keep from laughing. Inspired by this, she bounced a little higher every time until Filch had to grab her ankle and drag her to the ground.Harry couldn't take it anymore; he let out a burst of laughter. He clamped a hand over his mouth when Filch turned to glare at him but it was like a dam had broke. Ron burst into hysterics, which in turn made Lucy laugh, which made Harry laugh all over again. The only one who had any sense was Hermione. She looked at the three of them, aghast."You're not going to be laughing when you're expelled from this school!" Filch hissed. He managed to sober Ron and Harry up, but Lucy, who had far more experience getting in trouble, was unconvinced."If I'm expelled, I'm taking your cat with me," she told him in a matter of factly way.It was a good thing they had arrived at McGonagall's office, otherwise Filch might have strangled her.Lucy knocked on the door in a nice little pattern. She opened it without waiting for an answer, bouncing into the room. Unfortunately McGonagall wasn't inside to listen to her beautiful knock. Tragic, really.McGonagall appeared a few minutes later, towing Neville behind her."Harry!" Neville gasped. "I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag—"Harry shook his head fiercely. The motion did not go unnoticed by McGonagall. She suddenly towered over the lot of them. Her gaze lingered on Lucy, whose feet were lightly touching the floor as the backpack on her back tugged her upwards. She stared back at the professor innocently."I would never have believed it of any of you," Professor McGonagall looked at the Gryffindors pointedly when she said this, indicating that she, indeed, expected this of Lucy. "Mr. Filch says you were up in the Astronomy Tower. And you broke his nose! It's one o'clock in the morning. Explain yourselves.""Well, you see, Professor, it happened like this—" Lucy began, ready to give some absolutely nonsense response."NOT YOU!"She winced and resisted the urge to rub her ears at the loud noise. Yeesh, that lady could yell..."I think I've got a good idea of what's going on. It doesn't take a genius to work it out. You fed Draco Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of bed and into trouble. I've already caught him. I suppose you think it's funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?""Not really, Professor," Lucy replied once she saw the hurt look in Neville's eye. She ignored the warning looks her friends shot her way. "It was a one-off joke to Malfoy that he took seriously.""Ms. Rochester, you'll excuse me if I don't believe a bloody word you say!" McGonagall yelled so harshly that Lucy winced. She began to feel the prickling of fear inside her, but she shoved it aside. McGonagall was just tired, that's all. "I'm disgusted. Five students out of bed in one night! You, Miss Granger, I thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this."Harry hung his head in shame.Lucy tried her best to look as ashamed when McGonagall's gaze flickered over to her. "You, Ms. Rochester, I have no idea what's gotten into you recently! Detentions every week, late for lessons, late homework, it's like you want to face expulsion!"Now the shame was real. She looked to the side, suddenly wishing she could tell Professor McGonagall everything, that she wasn't getting detention on purpose."Fifty points from Hufflepuff and Gryffindor."Harry's jaw dropped, aghast. Honestly, Lucy couldn't care less about the stupid points- the disappointed look in Professor McGonagall's eye was worse than any kind of curse she could've put upon them."Fifty?" Harry gasped."Fifty points each!""Professor, please, you can't-""Don't tell me what I can and can't do, Potter. Now get back to bed, all of you. I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students." Her gaze flickered to Lucy. "All my students."Their shoulders slumped, the five of them made their way back to their respective dormitories. It was like her levitation charm sensed that Lucy wasn't feeling very light and joyful at the moment, as she lowered back to the ground.She exhaled through her nose once she reached the entrance to the Hufflepuff common room. She had to remember her main objective. Once she reached the end of the year, and Quirrell was exposed, everything would go back to normal. McGonagall would forgive her, and she wouldn't be such a troublesome student. It would all work out eventually.But right now, it certainly didn't feel like it.

The difference between Hufflepuff and Gryffindor had never been clearer to Lucy before this moment.Harry's house had turned their back on him— apart from the token Weasleys and Wood— and they acted like Harry had spat on each and every one of their mother's graves.Hufflepuff's reaction was lackluster in comparison."You could have lost more," Cedric told her when he saw the loss in points that morning. Hufflepuff didn't have many points in the first place, thanks to Cedric's absence as seeker and Rickett's absence as beater.Lucy shrugged. She didn't feel bad about losing the points, she felt bad that she'd disappointed Professor McGonagall, the woman who had taken her shopping and paid for her extra items. Ugh, those extra items— her stomach curled in guilt just thinking about how kind she had been.Anthony took note of her distraught look and lay a hand on her shoulder. "Hey, there's still time to lose more," he said encouragingly. "I reckon Hufflepuff has never been in the negatives before. Shall we make a day of it?""No," she said, unwillingly. Even though that sounded like the funniest thing ever.Megan's head snapped around to look at Lucy in absolute shock. "No?! Is Lucy Rochester turning down an opportunity to get in trouble?""Do my ears deceive me?" Wayne agreed. He made a show of tugging on his ear which Lucy rolled her eyes at."No, they don't. Believe me, that offer is perfectly tempting. But I feel like I'm walking on rather thin ice at the moment." She pointedly glanced at the professor's table where Quirrell, Snape, and McGonagall were all giving her varying looks of displeasure.Well, Quirrell always looked displeased, so there was really no change there. She thought the man was at least a little fond of her considering he never gave her anything less than an O, even assignments she knew she didn't try at."Ah, fair point, little duck," Anthony conceded. He ruffled her hair and she whacked at his arm, scowling. "Look at you, growing up! Well, if one of my ducklings are all matured, I guess I'll have to take Megan on this conquest to the negatives."There was a mad gleam in Megan's eyes that Lucy didn't like one bit."Oh dear God," she muttered. Why did she feel like she was going to take the blame for anything they did?"Try saying Merlin," Daisy suggested. "It makes you sound more Witch-like.""Oh dear... Merlin? I dunno, feels unnatural.""Took me awhile to get the hang of it, too," Daisy smiled. "Trust me, it will make your life easier in the long run."Lucy would have to keep that in mind. She had to take anything that would make her life easier. For it only being her first year at Hogwarts, she certainly made a mess of things.She frowned at her breakfast, not feeling very hungry anymore. "I'll be right back," she said and heaved herself from the Hufflepuff table. "I imagine I have some sullen lions to look after."Not only was all of Gryffindor house mad, but Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw were sore about their loss of points too. Most of their anger was directed at the supposed ringmaster of the operation, Harry Potter.When she reached his table, Harry was sitting at the edge with the Wealseys and Hermione. Everyone avoided him like the plague. She gently shoved George Weasley to the side and took the place next to Harry."How dare you, little badger?" George said in an offended tone."Rickett's spawn, coming over here to torment Harry further?" Fred agreed."If you count hugs as a form of torment, then yes," she said. Lucy wrapped her arms around Harry's shoulders, leaning her head on his shoulder. "Sorry your house are a bunch of CRYBABIES," she said, throwing a mean glare at the rest of his table at that last word. She received plenty of glares in return but couldn't bring herself to care. Anthony's reputation was protection enough."They'll hate me forever," Harry sighed. He leaned his head against hers. "But you can keep on tormenting me, if you wouldn't mind.""Well, I am a sadist, according to Hermione," she said amusedly, hugging him even tighter.Hermione looked just as miserable as Harry did. She would hug her as well, but Lucy only had so many arms, you see.Ron seemed fine, as he shoveled his breakfast into his mouth. He looked up to give Harry a reassuring look. "They'll all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time they've been here, and people still like them.""They've never lost two hundred points in one go, though, have they?""Well, no," Ron admitted."Don't worry about it too much, mates. Anthony and Megan are planning on getting Hufflepuff into the negatives, while they're at it," Lucy said. She hoped it would offer them some consolation, but only Ron was interested, bless his soul. She decided to take a different route. "C'mon, school year's almost done! We have six more years here, and I'm sure this isn't the only adventure we'll have. Besides, I think it's about time you lot have gotten your first detention— they're not that bad, really."Harry offered her a weak smile. She took that as a victory. True to his word, Megan and Anthony formulated a siege in order to get Hufflepuff's points down to the negatives. The details were all very hazy— Megan would neither confirm nor deny anything, but there were two things Lucy was certain about: one, a full sized cow was involved; two, Dumbledore's favorite plum colored robe, which he wore every Thursday without fail, was suddenly gone. She could only assume the worst.Honestly, Hufflepuff as a whole was impressed with the massive deduction of points. They had went from 200 points to a whopping -10, and that number was rapidly dropping as the rest of the badgers wanted to see how low they could get. Ross Meadowes lost them 30 points by hexing Snape's robes pink, and the mischief was only escalating from there.Lucy had never been prouder to be a Hufflepuff.Despite that bit of fun, it seemed like the school year would end on a low note. Harry was still very much miserable from their dragon excursion. Hermione was too, but less so as the exams were approaching, which would cheer any book-heathen up. Lucy gave Harry all the hugs she could, but hugs only lasted for so long and afterward, the feeling always returned.Professor Quirrell was also acting strangely. Well, he was always a nutter, but he was acted weirder than usual. That was never a good thing.Her lessons continued, but as of late they were shorter, and often ended abruptly. Her last lesson, Quirrell hunched over the desk, clutching at his skull with a look of agony on his face. His complexion, which had once been a light tan, now had an unnerving gray pallor to it."Uh, Professor? Are you okay?" Lucy asked nervously. It was the week before exams began, and she was set to meet Harry in the library. She'd stopped in to drop off some of his books, except Quirrell, sitting at his desk, had suddenly collapsed and held his head in his hands, his eyes bulging wide. She threw an alarmed glance toward the door. Would it be rude to leave now? Was he dying? Was it rude to leave if he was dying?"Weak excuse for a vessel!"She supposed it was Quirrell who had spoken, but she never heard his voice sound so snakelike before. Cautiously, Lucy inched toward the door. "Alright, Professor... I'm just gonna... go now... are you sure you're okay?""I will be," Quirrell said, and he sat up straight to look at her. His face was now even more gray, yet there wasn't a trace of fear on his features. "The time for us to act is fast approaching, Lucy. And then I won't be in this accursed shell for a second longer. Then, you will reap the benefits of choosing the winning side."Ummmm..."Sweet, I have to go now. Drink some water, you look a bit parched, Professor," Lucy said quickly. She gave him the thumbs up then dipped straight out of there.She hated it when Quirrell acted so weird! It was like a flip would switch from a quiet sternness to a hissing, monologuing man. When she brought it up to Snape, his unsympathetic reply was always along the lines of, 'You antagonized this unstable man, here's the consequences'. Although he usually said it in a meaner way.By the time Lucy arrived at the library to meet Harry, he had already finished his schoolwork. "Sorry, Harry!" She groaned. She genuinely wanted to spend time with him, but Quirrell had to have another one of his creepy episodes. It was a good thing she wasn't a Ravenclaw. "I was scheming with Quirrell, won't happen again.""It's alright, I didn't get much done anyway," Harry smiled. Lucy inwardly blessed his sweet soul. "Want to come to the Gryffindor tower with me? Ron's challenged Hermione to a Wizard's Chess match. It's almost as fun as watching a duel.""The same amount of violence too, I'd bet," she grinned. She linked her arm through his. "I'd love to."They began walking, but as they started to pass Quirrell's classroom, they heard a whimpering from inside. Harry stopped in his tracks."No— no— not again, please—" Quirrell gasped. Lucy winced at the aghast look on Harry's face. If only she could see his weird moments. This wasn't even that bad, for Quirrell.Quirell let out a choking sob. "All right— all right!"Lucy shoved Harry behind a pillar just as the Professor resurfaced from the classroom. Quirrell straightened his turban, then cast Lucy a terrified look. She waved weakly at him and offered what she hoped looked like a reassuring smile. What she was reassuring him about, she had no clue.As soon as Quirrell rounded the corner, Harry popped out from behind the pillar. "What I would give to do a little meddling right now," he said, throwing a longing look to the classroom. Lucy knew it to be empty, but she would bet a thousand pounds that Harry thought Snape was in there."How about you go tell the others," she suggested. "I'll do the meddling. If Snape's in there, well, then he can brainwash me some more, I suppose.""Are you sure?" Harry frowned. He didn't like that idea. "What if—""I'll be fine, Harry. Go tell Hermione— she'll know what to do."Giving her one last worried glance, Harry left toward Gryffindor tower.Lucy walked into the empty classroom. She didn't know what she was looking for. Maybe some hint that Quirrell wasn't insane? That he wasn't talking to himself? She looked around the classroom. Everything seemed to be in order— but she noticed something new. The leather bound journal on Quirrell's desk was usually closed and shimmered with a protective spell, but it seemed like in his distress, he left it open by accident.She quickly walked over to the book. She didn't dare touch it. The protective spell on it may alert Quirrell of any meddlers like herself, or worse, put a curse on her. But she could look at his most recent entry.He is hungry and We are weak, he is always watching, takes over Us more often. Feels like I Am trapped in my own mind. The girl is nice, the girl must run. I must warn her he is always watching he is always watching he is always watching he is alwaysThat was quite enough. Lucy jumped back from the book like it had burnt her and hurried from the classroom. What did Quirrell mean? Who was he? She had so many questions, none of which she wanted to bring up to Quirrell himself. She didn't dare ask Snape either. Unless she was sniffed out as a double agent, his attitude was always some variation 'suck it up' or 'your fault, idiot', and there were only so many times you could stand being called an idiot before it got boring.Still, that journal entry gave her the creeps. She both wanted and didn't want this school year to be over with already.On one hand, she didn't want to go back to Wool's. For once in her life, she was surrounded by people who liked her and didn't think she was a freak. She'd have to see Jennifer Bishop again– god, she hated Jennifer. She wanted to stay at Hogwarts and cast spells and pull off magical tricks with Anthony, to take Madame Hooch's brooms out for test runs whenever the woman 'accidentally' left the shed unattended.On the other hand, this school year was dangerous. She still could hardly believe the vast difference in her life. She went from stealing cacti from Wool's greenhouse out of boredom to playing a dangerous game with an insane wizard. Plus, morale was at an all time low since their nighttime escapade.Well, whether she wanted it to or not, the year was coming to a close. Lucy tried to take solace in the fact that it was literally impossible for her second year to be as dangerous. Maybe she'd get all the life-threatening adventures out of the way in her first year.She could only hope. The next evening, Lucy was all ready for detention. Truthfully, she was a bit excited for this one- most of her detentions involved her scrubbing cauldrons, floors, or polishing trophies ever since Madame Hooch ran out of broomsticks to test. She had on the standard Wool's coat her orphanage issued out and her torn jeans- which she now called her detention jeans, with how often she had to work in them.She greeted Harry and Hermione cheerfully in the entrance hall. She noticed Ron wasn't there. "Where's the Weasley?" She asked curiously, looking around for him. He'd been there when they'd gotten in trouble, so why wasn't he here now?"He's got detention with Snape tomorrow. I guess Professor McGonagall didn't want us all to be together," Hermione sighed.Lucy felt her soul shrivel up a little. Ron was always there to balance the scolding Hermione gave her. Now who was supposed to laugh at her dumb jokes? Harry? Malfoy? They both thought she was insane."Not my favorite Weasley," she said, her voice barely above a whisper."We're here too, you know," Harry said with a roll of his eyes."Listen, Potter, once you stop treating me like I'm insane, I'll make you my favorite."Harry rolled his eyes again but couldn't help but grinning. She turned her attention over to Malfoy. "What are you doing in detention, Malfoy?!" She said with an outraged expression. "I can't believe this! What would your mother think?""You're here too," Malfoy pointed out, glaring at her."See, that's not even a sound argument, because I'm always in detention," she shrugged. "You on the other hand- you need to clean up your act, Mr. Malfoy!""Yeah, I'll get right on that."She would have berated him more, but at that moment Filch entered, holding a lamp in his hand. He glared at Lucy as he walked into the room. "Follow me," he growled out.Once they reached the cool night air, Filch's mood picked up. It must have had something to do with how particularly black the night was. It seemed like the ground blended in with the shadows."I bet you'll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won't you, eh? Oh yes... hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me... It's just a pity they let the old punishments die out... hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, I've got the chains in my office, keep 'em well and oiled in case they're ever needed."As they walked across the castle grounds, Lucy listened to his monologue thoughtfully. "So does that mean that you're old enough to have used that punishment on students?" she asked him.His smile disappeared. "Quiet, you," he snapped."Well, I'm just asking, 'cause you seem to be very proud of yourself. Is Mrs. Norris that old too? Have you owned any other cats? I want to get to know you, Mr. Filch.""I said quiet!"Lucy snickered to herself, but she didn't push her luck. Filch walked in silence for a few minutes before he started up again. "I suppose you think you'll be enjoying yourself with that oaf? Well, think again- it's into the forest you're going and I'm much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece.""Well, you see, Mr. Filch, you're not considering the possibility that we will enjoy coming out in a few less pieces than we've already had. I've always wondered what a hook hand might do to my overall appearance," Lucy piped up. Filch shot her such a withering look that she was certain she'd ruined all his fun. He didn't even retort; he left for the castle.Hagrid strode toward them, a large crossbow and a quiver of arrows slung over his shoulder. "I see yeh scared him off, Lucy," he chuckled. "Hope he didn' rile you too much now?""Annoyed him off is more the term I'd use," Hermione said, smiling at Lucy. Lucy smirked and gave her the thumbs up."I'm not going into that forest," Malfoy said at once.Hagrid's jovial mood shifted, and frankly that was the scariest thing Lucy had seen all year. "Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," he said fiercely. "Yeh've done wrong an' now yeh've got to pay fer it."Lucy wondered why they were being sent into the Forbidden Forest as a punishment. Did it have something to do with Harry? Did he get all the exciting punishments? If so, she'd have to bring Harry along on all her trouble-making excursions. Skipping through the Forbidden Forest was a lot more fun than scrubbing the floors."But this is servant stuff, it's not for students to do," Malfoy protested. She rolled her eyes. She thought he'd been well in his right to protest going into a Forbidden Forest up until he'd played the class structure nonsense. "I thought we'd be copying lines or something, if I father knew I was doing this, he'd-""Tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled. "Copyin' lines! What good's that ter anyone? Yeh'll do summat useful or yeh'll get out. If yeh think yer father'd rather you were expelled, then get back off ter the castle an' pack. Go on!"Malfoy glowered at Hagrid but dropped his gaze."Right then. Now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don't want no one takin' risks." His gaze lingered pointedly on Harry. In fairness, he didn't look the slightest bit offended. "Follow me over here a moment."They followed him to the edge of the forest. Lucy's heart thrummed excitedly in her chest. Truthfully, she hadn't considered going into the Forbidden Forest- she was in enough trouble as it was- but Anthony mentioned taking her out there when she was a bit older. Gotta love mummy ducky."Look there," Hagrid said, and he pointed at the ground. "See that stuff shinin' on the ground? Silvery stuff? That's unicorn blood. There's a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat. This is the second time in a week. I found one dead last Wednesday. We're gonna try an' find the poor thing. We might have ter put it out of its misery.""We?" Hermione said, alarmed."Me," Hagrid amended. "I'll do the dirty business. We're gonna split inter two parties an' follow the trail in diff'rent directions. There's blood all over the place, it must've bin staggerin' around since last night at least."Poor thing, Lucy thought."I want Fang," Malfoy said at once."All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," Hagrid said. Lucy wondered what the point of pairing children up with him was. "So me, Harry, an' Hermione'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, Lucy, an' Fang'll go the other. Now, if any of us find the unicorn, we'll send up green sparks, right? Get yer wands out an' practice now."Lucy shot up yellow sparks, just to be a git. Hagrid chuckled all the same. "That's it- an' if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an' we'l all come an' find yeh. Let's go."She didn't feel great about being paired up with Malfoy, but at least they were civil enough so that she wouldn't feel like she was in complete danger. They walked up the dark path, where it then forked off. Harry's group took the left, and Lucy's took the right.Obviously, she led the way, holding her wand up as a flashlight. She had a trickle of yellow sparks so it looked more like a sparkler than anything. "You've got to wonder," she said, a note of curiosity in her voice. "What could kill a unicorn?""Nothing good," Malfoy said. He didn't bother trying to hide his uneasiness. "Unicorns are fast. Whatever's done it in is faster. Father'll throw a fit when he knows what that oaf has put us up to, I just know it.""He did exaggerate a bit," Lucy conceded. "I've had loads of detention. Never gone into the Forest before.""What if we find the creature?" Neville asked, his voice shaking. She looked at his face and could see it was pale through the light of her wand. "N-Not the Unicorn, but whatever's killed it.""You mean, that creature?" Malfoy shouted. He pointed frantically into the woods and then broke off in a run. Neville let out a loud cry and shot a flurry of red sparks into the air, just as Malfoy slowed his run, laughing. "Oh, come on, Longbottom," he mocked, "Can't take a joke?"Lucy punched his arm, glaring at him. "Come off it, Malfoy, this is serious! Do you want the creature to find us?" A movement caught her attention out of the corner of her eye. "You know what, hold that thought," she muttered. Maybe instead of the creature finding them, she could find it.She stepped off the path, walking slowly to the trees. She dimmed her sparks to a faint glow. She tried to convince herself that this wasn't a bad idea. Maybe it was the unicorn in there, begging to be put out of its misery. How awful would it be, if the unicorn was left slowly bleeding to death?Malfoy watched her. He was beginning to look nervous. "Rochester, what in Merlin's name are you doing?"She didn't answer; she heard the snapping of a twig ahead of her."Rochester," he repeated. Still nothing. "Rochester. Lucy." His eyes were wide now, "Lucy, get back here!"She looked over her shoulder to throw him an annoyed look. "If you want me to come back so bad, you'd better come get me," she said, knowing he wouldn't. Malfoy was a coward through and through. True to her words, he stayed on the path glaring at her. She rolled her eyes. "That's what I thought," she muttered.She crept closer through the woods until the path was long out of view. She couldn't hear Malfoy calling after her any longer; all she could listen to were the sounds of the woods. There was never a still moment, never a moment's silence. Twigs snapped in each direction. The branches scraped against each other, creaking in the wind. She could swear that the trees were getting closer together. Did she always have to squeeze through each branch?She couldn't tell how far she had walked, nor how much time had passed. A part of her brain told her that she ought to be afraid right now. The woods aren't safe, it muttered, Turn back. But the howling wind almost numbed her senses. Was that supposed to happen? Maybe this was why the forest was Forbidden. She didn't want to leave.Over here, she thought she could hear the wind whisper. Lucy reflexively turned her head to the right. Her eyes darted to the ground and she saw thick, silvery blood glinting in the moonlight. "There we go," she whispered, clenching her wand tighter. She followed it cautiously. Although she wasn't afraid, she knew there was no point endangering herself. She turned her wand's light off completely and crept along, following the blood.The trail of blood became thicker and thicker until Lucy almost tripped over a root. Her hand shot out, and she steadied herself on a tree trunk. Her gaze flickered up ahead of her. She had reached a small clearing, and there was the unicorn. Dead. She then saw two familiar figures step forward- Harry and Malfoy. She wondered how they reached the unicorn before her, but then again, she'd gone off the path. She supposed she took the long route.Lucy didn't know why she didn't step forward, but she stayed concealed within the trees. Harry took a step forward. She heard a sound directly to her right, and then a soft cloak brushed against her skin. She clamped her hands over her mouth and felt tears spring to her eyes as a beast- a thing- crawled into the clearing, lumbering in a way no thing should go. The hood made her thing it was a man but no man should ever move like that.It reached the unicorn and drank from the wound in the animal's side. She heard Malfoy let out a loud, terrible scream, and she saw him bolt from the clearing. Good for him, she thought, feeling her heart thrumming against her rib cage. At least one of them had functioning legs.The figure raised its head and looked directly at Harry. A mixture of silvery unicorn blood and crimson blood dripped down its chin, making Lucy wonder what the hell else it killed. The blood seemed to have strengthen the thing. It got to its feet and walked swiftly at Harry.This would not do- Lucy's hands flew away from her mouth and she pulled out her wand, but for the life of her she could not think of a spell. She was too far away, and the black night air didn't do her any favors. She started running toward it, but something else got to it first. She stopped twenty feet away from it when a large, galloping figure jumped clean over Harry and charged at the figure.She barely registered Harry dropping to his knees. Her eyes were trained on the thing as it darted away from their savior and headed straight toward her. It stopped in front of her, and she felt her heart seize in terror when she saw a pale, white chin, blood dribbling down it smile and tell her, "See you soon."He ran past her, back into the woods. She stood there stunned for a good few seconds before she looked back at Harry. A large centaur helped him to his feet before he turned to face Lucy."You there, are you alright?" the centaur asked.She would have time to be amazed over meeting a centaur later. "Not really, but I'll live, thanks," she said breathlessly. Just another nightmare to add to the list. She'll put that one right next to the three headed dog and that one time Quirrell debated whether or not to kill her."Lucy!" Harry cried out. He ran over to his friend and placed his hands on her shoulders, looking her over for any injuries. "Hagrid's been looking everywhere for you— are you okay? Right, he already asked that— what was that thing?"The centaur didn't answer. He was staring at the lightning scar on Harry's forehead. "You are the Potter boy," he said. "You had better get back to Hagrid. The forest is not safe at this time— especially for you Can you ride? It will be quicker that way."He lowered himself on his front legs so that they could... climb aboard, for lack of a better word. Lucy felt a little awkward getting on behind Harry. She felt like she might fall off at any given moment, even after she wrapped her arms around the boy's middle."My name is Firenze," he added, as if it would make this situation any more familiar.There was another sound of galloping, and Lucy looked over to see two other centaurs burst into the clearing. "Firenze!" One of them shouted. "What are you doing? You have humans on your back! Have you no shame? Are you a common mule?""Do you realize who this is?" Firenze asked. "This is the Potter boy. The quicker he leaves this forest, the better.""What have you been telling him?" The other centaur growled. "Remember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read what is to come in the movements of the planets?"The centaur next to the grouchy one pawed at the ground. Lucy tracked their movements, amazed. She somehow kept forgetting how much she had to learn. "I'm sure Firenze thought he was acted for the best.""For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs are concerned with what has been foretold! It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!"Harry turned around to exchange a nervous, awkward look with Lucy. She tried to communicate understanding the best that she could. They were both almost thrown off when Firenze reared back in anger; she had to clutch onto Harry tighter, and Harry had to grab onto Firenze's shoulders to stay on. She felt it in her bones that they looked absolutely ridiculous."Do you not see that unicorn?! Do you not understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let you in on that secret? I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must." Firenze then turned around and sprinted into the trees, leaving the two other centaurs behind them.Firenze's pace slowed, and Harry took the now calmer atmosphere as a sign to ask questions. "Why's Bane so angry?" he asked. "What was that thing you saved us from, anyway?"The centaur didn't answer at first, and for a few awkward minutes Lucy felt like he would never answer. But then he suddenly stopped. "Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used for?"Dimly, Lucy knew it had restoring properties, but Firenze made it pretty clear who he was talking to."No," Harry said. "We've only used the horn and tail hair in potions.""That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn. Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a crime. The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive, even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, cursed from the moment the blood touches your lips."Cursed, how? Lucy wanted to know. Was it a matter of bad luck, or your soul? Who would want either one?Harry was thinking along the same lines. "But who'd be that desperate? If you're going to be cursed forever, death's better, isn't it?""It is," Firenze agreed. "Unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else— something that will bring you back to full strength and power— something that will mean you can never die. Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?"No, Lucy thought to herself, feeling her stomach drop. Quirrell wanted the stone for that... thing? Why on God's name would he? Had that thing been in the castle? Oh, things were so much worse than she thought they'd been..."The Philosopher's Stone! Of course— the elixir of life! But I don't understand who—""Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?"She could feel the air tighten like a noose around the pair of them. Of course, there was only one person Lucy had ever heard of— the one Harry told her about. Did he mean..."Moldevort?!" she burst out.Harry turned around to face her, stunned out of feeling fearful. "Lucy... it's... it's Voldemort, not.. not Moldevort."She slapped a hand to her forehead. It wasn't like she had never talked about the guy before, she just for the life of her could never seem to remember her name. She knew what he did, and why he was bad, but come on, why did he have to name himself that? "Oh, hell, of course it is. Blimey, I've said it before, what a name.""Lucy, this means that Voldemort was in the-""Harry! Lucy! Are you all right?!"Hermione ran down the path toward them, Hagrid travelling closely behind.Lucy shot them the thumbs up while Harry nodded, still feeling dazed. He slid off Firenze's back and absentmindedly helped Lucy down as well. "I'm fine... the Unicorn's dead, Hagrid, it's in that clearing down there.""This is where I leave you," Firenze muttered as Hagrid took Hermione and went to examine the Unicorn. Lucy stared after the giant man. Hadn't she technically been lost, and he was out looking at a unicorn? She shook her head. Typical Hagrid."Good luck, Harry Potter," Firenze said, "The planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs. I hope this is one of those times."He galloped back into the trees, leaving two shivering first years behind him.Harry's shocked face soon slid away when he saw Lucy scribble something onto her hand with a pen. "Lucy, what are you—" he snatched her hand and groaned when he saw Voldemort written in red ink, "You're writing it down? Lucy, he killed my parents, you should be able to remember his name!""It's around thirty bloody syllables, Harry!""It's three, Hermione's name has three syllables..." He huffed and shook his head, but he couldn't stop a smile from spreading across his face. "Thanks, Luce."She cast him a quizzical look, having abandoned her writing halfway through. She didn't know how to spell it, so she'd just written Voldy. "For what?""Being you, I guess. You just always know how to calm me down," he shrugged. "I think I might've been panicking right now otherwise. You do that a lot, you know."Lucy felt a deep warmth spread throughout her body, so vivid that the cold night air couldn't diminish it. She smiled back at Harry, a bit sheepishly. "Thanks, Harry. You shouldn't panic, anyway. So what Voldy's trying to come back to life. We'll stop him— tomorrow, of course. I think tonight I'd like to get some sleep.""You think you'll be able to?" Though Harry wasn't panicked, he still didn't look great. Nobody would, after facing their parents' murderer.She thought back to those chilling words. See you soon, Voldemort had told her. She shook her head. "No, definitely not... Want to get your invisibility cloak? We can try and find the kitchens. Anthony's given me a hint, but that's about it. Should keep us occupied for the night."Smiling slightly, Harry nodded. "Yeah. That sounds good."They'd tell the others about what they'd seen in the morning. For now, Lucy and Harry needed a distraction. Although something told her that despite their best efforts, they'd never quite manage to remove the chill that had settled in their bones.

The next couple of weeks were unpleasant to the Hogwarts students, but especially so for four first years in particular. Mother Nature seemed to have tried combating the dark, frightening nightmares for Lucy, but the sweltering hot weather only made everything seem so much worse.She took her exams, feeling like she was trying to work in an oven. She was slightly surprised to see that her final exams were painless, and she'd finished in half the time they gave her. Then again, she had a special sort of tutor.Quirrell called their lessons off shortly after Lucy served her detention in the forest. She wondered if Voldemort told Quirrell to do so, but from the journal entry she read, she felt like he'd done so out of his own volition. She didn't care; the further away she was from that man, the better. He was easy enough to handle before she found out he was trying to bring the murderer of her best friend's parents back to power.She had just taken her History of Magic exam when Professor Quirrell caught her right outside the door. Her fellow Hufflepuffs gave her questioning looks, and Megan and Wayne stopped by the door to wait with Lucy."Go on," she urged him, glancing back at Quirrell. The man did not look very patient at the moment— she could swear he was reaching toward his wand. Wayne's eyes narrowed at her, so she lowered her voice, taking on a hint of a threatening tone. "Wayne, I said leave," she said harshly.Megan looked hurt, and a little angry. "When you decide to stop being such a git, you can come apologize to us," she snapped. She grabbed Wayne's arm and pulled him away.Wayne didn't look angry at her. Lucy wished he was, because the alarmed look he shot her way was somehow worse than Megan's biting words.Still, she made a show of rolling her eyes and turning to face Professor Quirrell. "Alright, Professor?" she asked calmly."It's time," he said, unable to keep a grin off his face. Her heart dropped in her chest. In theory, she knew it was coming, but knowing something and then it actually happening were two completely different things. "We've got to put a few things in order, and then we can begin. I will send a letter to Dumbledore's office; you're going to wait to make sure it's arrived. If he's gone, you'll meet me at the trap door at precisely ten o'clock. I don't think I'll need to warn you to bring your wand."Lucy nodded sharply. Maybe it was the hot weather, but her temper was feeling a bit short today. "Understood. I'll see you then, Professor." With that, she turned and hurried away.She waited at the entrance to the school, sitting at a window ledge. To anyone passing her, she looked like she was lounging and enjoying the summer's view, but she knew better. She was watching each passing figure carefully out of the corner of her eye.She knew it was too much to hope that her friends would leave her alone today. It was hardly their fault that they were so nice and concerned, but with the current events, it was better if they stayed angry at her.Susan and Hannah passed her first on the way outside. They shot her dirty looks, which she forced herself to roll her eyes exaggeratedly at. Ernie and Justin followed closely behind but they either didn't notice or didn't care that Lucy wasn't joining them. It was only when Anthony, Cedric, and Daisy rounded the corner that Lucy knew she couldn't get away with staying silent.Anthony walked up to her, concern written clear across his features. Even when she glared at him, he didn't flinch away. "Hey, Luce, what's going on?""Nothing," she replied, glancing out the window. She resisted the urge to sigh in relief when she saw an owl carrying a blue letter toward Dumbledore's tower. Mission accomplished. Surely, if Dumbledore received a suspicious letter, it would tip him off about Quirrell and they would end this once and for all..."Nothing?" Cedric repeated skeptically. "Megan's been ranting our ears off for ages. What'd you do?"She flinched a little, and Anthony turned around to smack Cedric upside the head. "Get out of here, Diggory, you're not helping," he glared."'M just saying!" Cedric defended. "Thought you two were best friends or something." Anthony smacked him again. "Will you quit that?!""Locke, mind taking this imbecile for a walk?" Anthony said with a roll of his eyes. Daisy nodded, taking the still grumbling Cedric by the arm and leading him outside. Anthony shook his head and turned his gaze back to Lucy. "Megan's not really mad."Lucy shot him a 'really' sort of look."Okay, she's a little mad," he amended, "but mostly concerned. You've been acting really strange, you know? You used to be so excited at the beginning of the year. Now it's like, when you're with us, you're not really with us. I just want to make sure you're all right."Staring at Anthony's concerned face, she couldn't help but feel a huge rush of guilt go through her. She wanted to hug him and tell him everything, how she was sorry for lying all the time and disappearing, but she couldn't. Not yet. She forced a half-smile onto her face. "I'm all right, Anthony. Just want a little time to myself once and awhile, that's all."Anthony wasn't convinced. He sat on the edge of the windowsill, nudging her over. He rested a hand on her knee and said, in an ever so soft voice, "Lucy... has Quirrell been upsetting you?"Lucy thought that her blood had literally frozen in that moment. Out of all the things she thought he would say, that was not it. Anthony had nailed the hammer on the head."What?" she said faintly. Her face had to have paled. "No, what are you—""I'm not saying he's physically hurting you, Lucy," Anthony said hastily, feeling her pull away from him. "But if he's holding you behind class to bully you—""Anthony, you are so far off that we're not even in the same country," Lucy stressed. "I'll admit that I've been getting some extra help in charms, but he's not being mean to me—""So he's being nice to you? At least once a week without fail, all he's doing is having a friendly required detention chat with his student?" Anthony's voice was harsher now, not with Lucy but with the thought of Quirrell. "It's fine to make friends with professors, Lucy, but he shouldn't force you to talk with him—""It's not like that!" Lucy said, then she winced at how bad she was making this all sound. She didn't blame her friend at all; he was perfectly correct on the account that she was in a dangerous situation. "Anthony, I promise, tomorrow I'll tell you everything, but I have everything control control. I swear. Now I really have to go."He opened his mouth to retort, but Lucy had already darted away. Luckily he didn't follow her; she didn't think she had the willpower to lie to him a second time.Lucy arrived at the Cerberus's door a little before ten o'clock. She hoped Snape would show up soon, because she wasn't sure what she was supposed to do if she was left alone... Wait for Quirrell, she guessed. Technically Quirrell said at precisely ten o'clock, but she figured he was just adding that for dramatic effect. Sure enough at a quarter to ten, he showed up, holding a harp in his hands.She couldn't help but let out a low whistle. "Wow, Professor, didn't know we were having a party tonight."He shot her a dry look. "Don't be foolish, Rochester. This is for the Cerberus. We can't hardly expect to get past it while its awake, now can we?"She grinned at him and didn't bother replying. Quirrell seemed to be in high spirits tonight, so she didn't want to push her luck. She watched as he opened the forbidden door and couldn't help but wince at the sudden onslaught of snarling they heard. He was unaffected, and he stepped into the chamber, cool as could be. She wished Hermione could see how 'poor stuttering Quirrell' really acted.She stayed quiet as Quirrell started strumming the harp. At the first note, the dogs' heads began to droop, but the soft lullaby Quirrell played quickened the process. She didn't recognize the tune, but the six notes played over and over again were quite soothing. If she was a Cerberus, she certainly would have fallen asleep as well.The dog fell asleep in a matter of minutes. Quirrell gently set the harp down on the floor and then pulled out his wand. He pointed it at the dog and said, "Stupefy." At Lucy's quizzical look, he explained, "You can never be too cautious. Now go open the trap door."Sure, he can only be cautious when it involves him. Lucy stepped over the Cerberus and pulled on the ring embedded in the floor. She didn't worry too much about the dog waking up since Quirrell had stunned the damn thing."Uh, professor, there's no ladder," Lucy pointed out. She couldn't see anything except the black abyss below her."We'll have to drop," Quirrell said, unaffected. He pointed his wand at the pair of them and muttered a spell she couldn't quite hear. "That should slow our fall enough to react accordingly. You go first."Lucy didn't bother arguing. She supposed that she had signed up to be his meat shield in the first place. She sat with her legs hanging into the pit, then pushed herself down into it. True to Quirrell's words, she slowly levitated down, Quirrell floating right beside her."Lumos," Quirrell said. His wand lit up, but it wasn't quite enough to see below them. He let out a frustrated sigh. "Lucy, use your sparks."It was only after Lucy ignited her yellow sparks that she realized who must've told Quirrell she was using them in the forest. As they fell slowly, watching the blackness below them, she decided to bring it up. Her chances of dying in here were pretty high anyway. "So did he tell you about my sparks?" She asked, casual as can be.Quirrell's gaze momentarily flickered to her, confused. "Who?""Voldemort," she said, like it was obvious. He flinched at the name but didn't look particularly scared. "I saw him in the woods. The centaurs told me it was him.""Oh, well, yes." He looked back down at the darkness below them. "I suppose since we've gotten this far, you have a right to know. We're retrieving the Philosopher's Stone for the Dark Lord."She knew that already, but hearing the 'we' in that statement made her feel weird. Although Snape gave her permission to spy, it didn't negate from the fact that she was in a way helping Lord Voldemort rise. "Oh," was all she could think to say."Don't tell me you're a blood traitor," Quirrell rolled his eyes.Now would be a rather annoying time to die. "How can I be a blood traitor if I don't know what my blood is?" She countered. "I'm not complaining. Anything is better than Wool's. Who knows, maybe Voldemort's a cool guy."The look Quirrell gave her when she said that could only be described as pained. She could see him mouthing 'cool guy' to himself before shaking his head. Luckily for both of them, they finally caught a glimpse of what was below them. It was a huge, green planet, it's tendrils laying limply."Here we go," he said, dimming his light."That's Devil's Snare, isn't it?" Lucy asked. She examined it warily; that had been one of the nastier plants she'd been forced to learn about."Ten points to Hufflepuff," Quirrell said with a hint of amusement. "Flipendo," he said and a red flame shot out at the plants. They quickly cleared out of the way and allowed the pair to land on the solid ground. Lucy stumbled a little but was quickly steadied by her old pal Quirrell. They didn't waste any time heading away from the plants, down a stone passageway."Assuming you're not going to be a professor after this," Lucy began. He raised his eyebrows at her. "Can you take away a billion points from Hufflepuff? Imagine the chaos, professor."Quirrell stared at her blankly before a hint of a smile pulled at his features. "You have the strangest ideas, Rochester. Very well— I take a billion points from Hufflepuff for helping the Dark Lord return to power."Lucy fist pumped the air. God, Anthony was going to be so pleased. They continued on until they reached a brightly lit chamber. She hardly had time to let her eyes adjust before Quirrell said at once, "Immobulus!" And hundreds of jeweled keys suddenly froze in place. Lucy blinked, and he turned to look at her. "Grab a broom and get the key," he ordered.Lucy nodded and mounted one of the brooms. As soon as she kicked off, however, the keys unfroze, and they darted away from her. She heard Quirrell curse to himself. "Flitwick is smarter than I gave him credit for," he muttered. He looked at Lucy, a little frustrated. "Well, you're looking for a big silver key. It will be slightly bigger than the others."Apart from flying Madame Hooch's brooms, she hadn't had the chance to actually get something before. She flew right at the swarm of keys, into the center of it. Her eyes were naturally sharp, and she moved precisely in the way she wanted to. She had a pattern to it— she'd go toward one mass of keys and force them to turn around, so she'd be able to see them all clearly. She caught the key within five minutes.Lucy tossed the key to Quirrell then landed on the ground. She pushed her tussled hair out of her face and followed him closely behind as he put the key through the lock. They stepped forward into another huge chamber, but this one had black and white tiles on the floor. Her gaze traveled up to the ginormous chess pieces."Oh, hell, is this why you had me play chess for so long?" Lucy half-whined. "What were the professors thinking when they made this? Might has well have put the stone inside a moat of lava.""Don't be ridiculous," Quirrell said. "Lava is much to hard to get."She pulled a face at his back as he headed over to a black bishop and stood in its place. He then instructed Lucy to take the place of a black knight. Sighing, she did as he said. Truthfully she didn't know very much about chess— nor did she want to. But Quirrell was just fine at it."Professor, what happens when one of our pieces—" Lucy began but stopped as soon as she saw one of the white pieces knock out a black piece, then dragged them off the bored. She felt her their clench with fear. "Oh.""Just do as I say," Quirrell said, not taking his eyes off the pieces. "If you get injured, I do know a few healing spells."That didn't negate from the fact that she could get injured. With the way he phrased it, she should've have been surprised that she would end up hurt. She didn't realize that he was sending her closer and closer to the White Queen until she was standing right in front of the tall, imposing piece."I was trying to avoid this, Lucy, but it's the only way," Quirrell said, and he sounded genuinely remorseful. It didn't help much; she felt like her heart might burst out of her chest. Sure, she knew all this was dangerous, but knowing she was about to be hurt was a completely different thing than imagining it. It took all she had not to turn tail and run."Am I about to get pummeled by a game piece, Professor?" She asked. She barely managed to keep her knees from trembling."I'll revive you shortly after," was all he could think to say in return.He took a step to the left, leaving Lucy open to the Queen. The White Queen moved right in front of her, then raised her hand up in the air. Lucy bit her lip and turned so that her left side was the only thing facing the Queen. Hopefully that would minimize the damage, or maybe make it hurt less... The Queen her hand down and the last thing Lucy could hear was a resounding crack! She woke up maybe a few minutes later to Quirrell standing over her, wand in hand. He must've cast a spell to wake her up. Her temple was throbbing, and she was fairly certain the left side of her face was swollen. She barely registered his hand gripping her shoulder, hauling her to her feet."One more chamber, Rochester," he said tersely, giving her a cautious look all the while. "You'll last that long, won't you?"She managed a nod, but felt nauseous at the motion. Quirrell looked away from her and muttered, "Concussion... damn.""Professor, that kind of sucked," Lucy groaned. She was honestly surprised that Quirrell hadn't left her behind. In fact, the man looked concerned for her."I know, I wish it could have been avoided." She supposed that was the closest to an apology the man would give her. He kept a hand clamped on her shoulder as they left the chamber.They entered a room where a revolting smell hit her nostrils. She looked down to see a huge troll of all things laying on the ground, knocked out. Looking at the size of it, she had a hard time believing her friends managed to take one of these out all by their lonesome. Props to them, she guessed. "I did that just before I woke you up," Quirrell explained. "Didn't suppose you were up to a troll fight.""This is the second troll fight I've missed, you know," Lucy sighed. Maybe if she hadn't been knocked out by a chess piece, she might have wanted to do such a thing. "Any chance you'll let a third one into the school?""I'm afraid I'll be unemployed, after this. You'll have to look elsewhere," Quirrell said. "No matter. The Dark Lord will give you an army of trolls."She wrinkled her nose at the thought of that many smells at once. "Thanks, Professor, but somehow I think I'll survive without it."They stepped into the next room, where they were met with a simple wooden table with seven vials and a roll of paper on it. Quirrell reached the paper and picked it up, reading it over a few times. He then sighed and rolled his eyes, picking up the vial on the end of it. "This has all been disappointing, really," he half complained. "A simple plant, a game of Quidditch and chess, a riddle... I'm the only competent one who thought to bring a troll! If I'd have known how easy this would be, I'd have struck months ago.""Is that why you had us prepare so much?" Lucy asked, giving the doorway of flames ahead of them a curious look. She had to admit, these trials weren't very hard for a grown wizard like Quirrell. In fact, she thought she might be able to do it with her Gryffindor friends with the same amount of ease."I knew the vague principles of each Professor's chamber. I overestimated them all," Quirrell said dryly. "No matter. Let's get this over with, Rochester. Between the two of us, getting the Stone shouldn't be hard."He took a drink out of the vial and handed it to Lucy. On the off chance her friends might follow her, she took the smallest drink she could in hopes that there'd be enough left for them. It was a bit gross drinking out of the same thing as Quirrell but she could get past it.They headed through the dark flames guarding the doorway. It was the oddest sensation, Lucy thought. The flames weren't hot, but she could feel them tickling her skin. It almost made her want to laugh. Once they reached the final chamber, she felt the same measure of disappointment as Quirrell did. There was no magnificent chalice containing the Philosopher's Stone, nor was there even a dragon guarding it. All she saw was the stupid Mirror of Erised in the middle of the room."Ugh, not that dumb thing," she complained.Quirrell strode right in front of the mirror, waiting for something to happen. He rapped on it a few times, shook it, heck even whispered to it, but still nothing. He growled in frustration. "Lucy! You try it," he ordered, stepping away from it.She didn't know what he hoped would happen, but she stepped in front of the mirror like he told her to. And it was the oddest thing. She no longer saw the conjured up version of her parents, even though deep in her bones she would always want a family. She saw her friends. She stood right beside Harry, his arm slung across her shoulders and he laughed at something. Ron was next to Harry, and Hermione next to Ron. Anthony stood behind her and ruffled her hair while Daisy rolled her eyes at him and Cedric laughed. She saw Megan and Wayne on the other side of her, and most importantly, she saw herself in the middle, smiling. Happy.She was breathless for a few seconds. "Uh... not the Stone, Professor," she said apologetically. She stepped out of the way so he could take his place again.She wasn't sure how long she stood there watching him try to get at the Stone. At one point, her legs became too tired and the throbbing in her head grew too great, and she sat down criss-crossed, staring at the professor. She rested her head atop her knuckles, balanced on her knees. Quirrell was growing more and more frustrated with the mirror and she thought he might break it, when a familiar face stumbled through the flames.Lucy beamed once she saw none other than Harry Potter enter, ready to save the day.The look on his face when he saw Quirrell, not Snape, wasn't nearly as satisfying as she thought it would be. Maybe if Hermione was there... But the betrayed look on Harry's face when he found out he was wrong wasn't something she wanted to see ever again."You!" He gasped. His eyes fell onto Lucy, and he took in her bruised complexion. It was only natural for him to assume it was the professor's doing. His jaw set in anger as he looked back at Quirrell."Me," Quirrell said calmly, as if he hadn't been shaking the mirror a few seconds before Harry walked in. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here, Potter.""But I thought— Snape—" Harry stammered."Severus?" Quirrell laughed coldly. "Yes, Severus does seem the type, doesn't he? So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?""Me," Lucy raised her hand.Quirrell shot her an unamused look before looking back at Harry."But Snape tried to kill me," Harry insisted. She really wanted to tell him that arguing about whether or not someone was the perpetrator, when that someone had admitted to the crime in fro of them, was an unwise move. She also knew that Quirrell wouldn't appreciate her quips at the moment."No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match. She broke my eye contact with you. Another few seconds and I'd have got you off that broom. I'd have managed it before then if Snape hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.""Snape was trying to save me?" Harry said incredulously. He looked at Lucy again, almost aghast at how wrong he'd been. He looked like he wanted to apologize to her that very second. She gave him what she hoped what a reassuring smile."Of course," Quirrell smiled. The man really did like to monologue. "Why do you think he wanted to referee your next match? He was trying to make sure I didn't do it again. Funny, really . . . he needn't have bothered. I couldn't do anything with Dumbledore watching. All the other teachers thought Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular . . . and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you tonight."Well, Lucy wasn't expecting that. Not so suddenly, anyway.With a snap of Quirrell's fingers, ropes appeared out of thin air and wrapped around not only Harry, but herself. She shot Quirrell an aghast look, to which he looked almost regretful. "Master says you sympathize with the boy too much," he then smiled. "No matter. That can be corrected. You've earned it."He jerked his wrist over to Harry, and she slid across the floor so that they were sitting back-to-back. She couldn't be too surprised, but she was still angry. If she was a better spy she might have distanced herself from Harry, but the naive part of her enjoyed his company too much to forfeit it."Now, wait quietly, you two. I need to examine this interesting mirror. This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame. Ah, yes, he was back to tapping it, like that had worked the first hundred times. "Trust Dumbledore to come up with something like this... but he's in London... I'll be far away by the time he gets back..."She felt fairly confident that Quirrell wouldn't manage to unearth the Mirror's secrets, but Harry was less so. He exchanged a worried look with her before he blurted out, "I saw you and Snape in the forest—""Yes," Quirrell said, walking around the mirror to look at the back. "He was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far I'd got. He suspected me all along. Tried to frighten me—as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side. . . ."Snape did a little more than suspect. If she hadn't thought Quirrell was watching her closely today, she would have told the Potions Master all about their plans tonight. But it had been too risky. To be fair, Snape warned her to keep away if things got too dicey, so he couldn't be too mad at her.She could feel Harry wriggling, trying to get out of the ropes. "But Snape always seemed to hate me so much," he said to cover up what he was doing."Oh, he does," Quirrell agreed, "heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts with your father, didn't you know? They loathed each other. But he never wanted you dead."Her eye twitched. So Snape was such a git to Harry because of his dead father? At least she gave him reasons to hate her. This piece of information diminished some of the respect she had for the man. He was helping her, so she would always have a little respect, but if he kept treating Harry like this, that was sure to go away too."But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing—I thought Snape was threatening you. . . ." Harry pointed out."Yeah, you didn't look so good," Lucy agreed. She remembered his strange journal entry. Could he have been talking about Voldemort?Quirrell's cool exterior cracked somewhat, and she could see fear flicker across his face. Part of her felt bad for the man, even though she knew she shouldn't. "Sometimes..." he managed. "I find it hard to follow my Master's instructions— he is a great wizard and I am weak—""Come on, Professor, I'm sure you both have your good qualities," Lucy said encouragingly.Harry, however, was horrified at this bit of information. "You mean he was there in the classroom with you?""He is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly. "I met him when I traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it. . . . Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me." Quirrell shivered suddenly. "He does not forgive mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the Stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased. He punished me . . . decided he would have to keep a closer watch on me. . . ."Oh, fuck. Lucy didn't like where this was going. Suddenly it all started to make sense. The turban, the weird episodes where he became a different person entirely, the journal entry, how he knew about her sparks— god, was Voldemort inside Quirrell? All this time, she'd been in close quarters, teasing, ribbing at none other than Lord Freaking Voldemort? Oh god. She called Voldemort a 'shady garlic man'. To his face. She wanted to die."Professor, you have not only dropped a bomb on me, you have declared nuclear warfare," Lucy said, stunned."I'm so glad everything's out in the open," Quirrell said sarcastically. He looked back to the mirror and cursed under his breath. "I don't understand... is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break it?""That's bad luck, Professor.""With the Stone, I'll live long enough to withstand it," Quirrell dismissed. His tone grew frustrated. "What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me, Master!"To each of the first year's respective horrors, a voice actually answered him. It was high and raspy, and it sounded like more of a hiss than anything. "Use the boy... use the boy..."Quirrell rounded on Harry. "Yes— Potter— come here." He clapped his hands, and the ropes fell off of him. Lucy's were sadly still in tact which she found very rude. "Come here. Look into the Mirror, and tell me what you see."Harry stood in front of the mirror, and Quirrell stood uncomfortably close behind him. Lucy narrowed her eyes the professor once she saw the fearful, desperate look on Harry's face. He was being so brave, so selfless, all she wanted to do was go over there and shield him from Quirrell. She could handle him all year, but she never wanted her friends to have to help the bad guy."Well?" Quirrell said impatiently. "What do you see?""I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore. I— I've won the House Cup for Gryffindor." It was a lie, and a bad one, at that. But Quirrell, caught up in the moment, didn't notice."Get out of the way," he hissed.Harry moved aside and immediately went over to Lucy, untying her as quickly as he could. She was still dizzy both from her concussion and from the loss of blood flow to her arms and legs. Harry had to help her stand up, and he grabbed her hand, holding it tightly as they stared down Quirrell."He lies... he lies..." the voice— Voldemort's voice— hissed out."Potter, come back here!" Quirrell shouted. "Tell me the truth! What did you see?""Let me speak to him..." Voldemort said. "Face-to-face..."Lucy's eyes widened. Oh, god, please no... She squeezed Harry's hand tighter."Master, you are not strong enough!" Quirrell insisted."I have strength enough... for this..."They were both frozen in place as Quirrell reached up to unwrap his turban. He was bald underneath, and Lucy could see how aged he really looked. Slowly, he turned around.Lucy felt like vomiting. This was quite possibly the most nauseating thing she'd ever seen, and she had just stepped over a troll. Right there, in the back of Quirrell's head, was a chalk-white face. It had glaring red eyes and two slits for the nose, just like a snake. She felt disgusted, both for seeing it and for imagining Professor Quirrell having to live with this thing on him, sucking the life out of him day after day, deluding and terrorizing him."Harry Potter..." Voldemort whispered. "See what I have become? Mere shadow and vapor . . . I have form only when I can share another's body . . . but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds. . . . Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks . . . you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the forest . . . and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to create a body of my own. . . . Now . . . why don't you give me that Stone in your pocket?"That did it. Harry stumbled backwards, dragging Lucy with him."Don't be a fool," Voldemort snarled. "Better save your own life and join me . . . or you'll meet the same end as your parents. . . . They died begging me for mercy. . . .""LIAR!" Harry shouted furiously. He stepped in front of Lucy now, all the while inching the pair of them backward. Quirrell started walking backward too so that Voldemort was always facing them."How touching . . ." Voldemort hissed. "I always value bravery. . . . Yes, boy, your parents were brave. . . . I killed your father first, and he put up a courageous fight . . . but your mother needn't have died . . . she was trying to protect you. . . . Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.""NEVER!"Harry made a mad dash for the door. Voldemort screamed, "SEIZE HIM!" And a second later, Lucy saw Quirrell grab Harry's wrist. Harry reflexively let go of Lucy, and she watched in horror as the pair of them screamed out in agony. Quirrell released Harry a second later, holding his hand which was now blistering away."Seize him! SEIZE HIM!" Voldemort shouted again. Quirrell lunged and tackled Harry, holding both hands around his neck."Master, I cannot hold him– my hands– my hands!" Quirrell howled."Then kill him, fool, and be done!"Now this, Lucy could not stand for. She ran toward the pair, just as Harry reached up to put his hands on Quirrell's face. The professor let out the most horrible scream and rolled off of Harry, clutching his poor face. Harry wasn't done; he reached toward Quirrell and grabbed onto his wand arm, and Lucy saw the pair of them yell out in agony, all the while Voldemort screamed, "KILL HIM! KILL HIM!"A moment later, they both collapsed. Quirrell lay whimpering while Harry was out cold. She watched, horrified, as a vapor rose from Quirrell's body and darted out of the chamber.All she could think to do was run over to Harry and pull him away from Quirrell's convulsing form. She couldn't pull her eyes away as the man sobbed, the stench of burning flesh filling the air until his cries faded. Then, he stopped breathing. She held Harry closer to her chest, feeling her eyes well up with tears. Tears over what, she wasn't sure... maybe the man Quirrell could have been, before Voldemort took over... maybe what might've happened if she had his class as a normal student, and he taught her as a normal professor. All the things he shouldn't know, they all came from Voldemort. And now Quirrell was dead, laying a few feet away from her.Dumbledore burst into the chamber a few minutes later. His bright blue eyes found her and Harry immediately, and he paused at the scene. Lucy, holding Harry in her arms, tears streaming down her face as a dead man lay a few feet away from them."Let's you and I take Harry to the hospital wing," Dumbledore said quietly. He flicked his wand, and Harry levitated onto a conjured up stretcher. The stretcher floated ahead of them, and she and Dumbledore walked after it.She paused at the doorway and looked back at Quirrell. "You're not just going to leave him there, are you?" She sniffled.Dumbledore gave her a pitying look. "He'll have a proper burial. Later, Lucy. For now, we must leave."She nodded and walked with him, sniffling along the way. "Voldemort sucks," she said softly.Dumbledore, though solemn, couldn't help but have a twinkle in his eye at that. "You'd be correct in that, Ms. Rochester. Voldemort certainly sucks."

Lucy was glad to see that the hospital wing was nearly empty when they arrived, save for Ron, who was laying unconscious in a hospital bed, battered and bruised. As Madame Pomfrey started tending to Harry, she looked worriedly at her ginger friend. She turned her eyes to Dumbledore for explanation."Mr. Weasley sacrificed himself so that Mr. Potter and Ms. Granger might go forward," Dumbledore said sadly. There was also a hint of admiration in his tone. "I imagine you had the same treatment as him?"She nodded. She didn't think she had to point out that Quirrell sacrificed her— the Greatest Wizard of the Modern Age could gather that much for himself. "How's Hermione?""Not a scratch on her. Although, I imagine she is very worried.""Did you know, Headmaster? What I was doing, I mean," Lucy said, rubbing at her throbbing temple. It was hard to think at the moment. She knew Snape had to have told him something, but she was surprised Dumbledore never approached her about it."Severus kept me very informed," Dumbledore confirmed. He gestured for her to sit on a hospital bed and unwillingly, she did so, mostly because the room was still spinning. "I worried approaching you may alert Quirrell.""That doesn't explain why you didn't stop him before he decided to go after the stone," She argued, growing frustrated. Why did she have to spend the whole year lying if he and Snape knew Quirrell was trying to steal the stone all along?"I hate to trouble your young mind with this, but you've very well earned it," Dumbledore said with a great sigh. Her eye twitched when he brought up her age. Her age didn't stop her from spying on Quirrell and Lord Freaking Voldemort for a year straight. "As you know, that night Mr. Potter got his scar, Voldemort disappeared. The wizarding world presumed he was dead— I was not so optimistic. I know he's been combing the Earth, not quite alive, but not quite dead. I've always kept a carefully trained eye for Lord Voldemort... and Professor Quirrell offered quite an opportunity. If he knew I was suspicious of him, he would have disappeared, giving Voldemort another chance to come back to full power. There were risks in allowing you to spy on him, but I never thought they would have been so high. Believe me, Lucy, if I'd have known for even a moment Voldemort was attached to Quirrell, I would have removed you from the ordeal entirely. I cannot offer you anything other than my greatest apologies."Lucy took all of that in. Begrudgingly, her anger subsided. She wasn't mad at Dumbledore, not really. If she had been in his position, she would have done whatever was in the world's best interest as well. "You know what, Headmaster, I think since you told me I'm a wizard and turned my bed into a cat, we can call it even," she said, and she let a smile creep onto her face.Dumbledore looked pleasantly surprised. He seemed to have expected her to be sullen with him— well, Lucy wasn't one for holding grudges. "Lucy, you are a remarkable girl," He chuckled. He caught Madame Pomfrey's eye and stood from the bed. "I had better leave before Poppy decides to use force. Sleep well, Ms. Rochester. And remember— you have done me a great service."Lucy watched him leave until Madame Pomfrey stood in front of her, an unpleasant looking potion in her hands. She grimaced. "What are the chances that tastes good, Madame Pomfrey?" she said, not sounding very hopeful.Madame Pomfrey shoved the potion into Lucy's hands. "Not good, Ms. Rochester. Not good at all." Lucy was released from the Hospital Wing the next day, just in time for lunch. Ron left earlier than she did mostly because he'd been given his potion earlier. She spent the whole morning at Harry's bedside, monitoring any gifts he received in case they were dangerous— which Madame Pomfrey seemed to appreciate— and that was all in good fun, but she was happy to leave the hospital wing. She practically skipped out of the room.Her face didn't look great. Since it was a magical object that hit her, Madame Pomfrey said all she could do was apply a salve each night. The first thing Lucy did was sprint to her dormitory to change out of her ashy, potion-smelling clothes and into her lucky 'Lucy With-A-Last-Name' shirt. She then sprinted through the halls toward the Great Hall, Grayble in her arms."I'm sorry for this, Graybie," she panted when her cat shot her an unimpressed look. "But if I miss lunch, I'm going to cry myself to sleep tonight."She did not, in fact, miss lunch, but she looked slightly insane when she burst into the Great Hall, holding a cat in her arms, her face bruised.Hermione was the first one to reach her. Lucy quickly tossed Grayble out of her arms as Hermione pulled her into a bone-crushing hug. "Oh, Lucy!" she cried. "We tried looking for you everywhere, and when we asked your friends, they told us they hadn't seen you since yesterday— are you okay?""Great, Hermione," Lucy said in a tight voice, "But some air in my lungs might be nice."Flushing, Hermione pulled away. "I... I'm sorry I didn't believe you. It's just— well, Quirrell hardly looks threatening, does he?""He does not," Lucy agreed. Thinking about Quirrell made her feel sad, so she cleared her throat and glanced at the Hufflepuff table. Her friends were staring at her intently. "I'd better go talk to them. I'll catch up with you after lunch, yeah?""All right. And then you'd better tell me everything," Hermione stressed.Lucy nodded, then made her way over to the Hufflepuff table cautiously, Grayble trotting along behind her. She was probably five feet away when she stopped and held up her hand to wave. "Heeeyyyyy," she laughed nervously.Megan lunged at her. "You stupid—" she began, dragging her over to the table, "—bloody—" she forced her to sit down, "IDIOT!" and then she crushed Lucy in the warmest, most loving hug Lucy had ever received."Nice to see you too," she laughed, patting her friend on the back. She pulled back and smiled at her friend. "For what it's worth, I'm sorry for being a git.""You should be apologizing for putting your life in a stupid amount of danger, but I'll let it slide for now," Megan muttered. Lucy was just glad that nobody was mad at her. That was an extra hurdle she didn't need in her life right now.Wayne looked at Lucy curiously. "So what happened with Quirrell?" he asked. "Everyone's saying he died."Her gaze darkened a little at the memory of his melted body, writhing in pain. "Yeah. He's dead."Anthony, seeing her mood shift, decided he couldn't let that happen. He had been sitting on the opposite side of the table, but he climbed— literally climbed over the table, knocking food and plates aside, so that he could sit next to her. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders."So what was his deal? He was working with Voldemort?" He asked."In a sense," she said. "Voldemort was attached to the back of his head, like a second face."She had said it so casually that it almost didn't register in her friends. Hannah gagged into her goblet, while Ernie's face turned a sheet white. "That's what's under his turban?" Justin gasped."How could he breathe?" said Susan.Hannah elbowed her friend in the side. "That's what you're wondering about?!""It was a valid question," Lucy defended. "I don't rightly know either, he didn't have a nose from what I saw. I think Voldemort could take over his body, sometimes. Think I spoke to him at least a few times. He liked me," she recalled that one time Quirrell was acting strangely, and he said some nonsense about 'reaping the benefits of choosing the winning side'.While Ernie looked disturbed at that piece of information, no one else was particularly surprised. Anthony scoffed. "Well, who wouldn't like you? You're adorable." He reached up to ruffle her hair.Scowling, Lucy batted his hand away. "I am not! And do you want me to pull out the list? All of Gryffindor, excluding the Weasleys don't like me, all the Slytherins hate me, Snape hates my guts, Wayne didn't like me for the longest time—""You're tolerable now," Wayne said with a shrug. "'S long as you don't trip me in front of all our year again. Then blame it on me.""All right, that wasn't cool of me, I apologize," Lucy said but she couldn't help smiling at the memory. Wayne scowled at her, so she quickly changed the subject. "Anyway. Yeah, Voldemort's been on our teacher all year, Quirrell's dead now, what else is there to it?""I have something I'd like to know." Daisy spoke up at last, and she was giving Lucy a severe look. "Why on earth do we have a negative BILLION points, Lucille Rochester?! How do you even MANAGE that?"Anthony suddenly beamed. "Oh, right! I thought you had something to do with that, little one. I'm so proud of you."Her friends all nodded in agreement. Lucy looked over at the hourglass and sure enough, it was filled to the brim with black negative gems. Obviously a billion gems couldn't fit in it, so there was a bright blue smoke in front of it displaying the numbers, -1,000,000,020 points. Lucy had never seen anything so beautiful."Sorry, it's a secret," she grinned. She didn't want to have to explain that Quirrell thought it would be funny while they were on their way to retrieve an immortality stone for the most evil wizard of all times. "Maybe I'll write it in my biography.""You'll be the next Gilderoy Lockhart," Hannah giggled. Next to her, a dreamy look came over Susan's face.Anthony wrinkled his nose up in disgust. "Yeah, 'cept Lucy's biography will be real.""How do you know it's made up, Rickett?" Daisy said in a weirdly defensive tone.His jaw dropped. He looked at her like she'd just killed his mother. "Locke... Daisy... darling, please do not tell me you're a Lockhart fan.""I can be a fan of whoever I want, Rickett!" Daisy snapped. Her cheeks were a prim shade of pink."Not- Not Gilderoy Lockhart!" Anthony spluttered. He grabbed Lucy by the shoulders and turned her to face him, looking her deeply in the eyes. He had a mad gleam in his eye. "Lucille, you must promise me that you will not, under any circumstances, fall for Lockhart's nonsense. Do you understand me? You must stay innocent.""I promise!" she said hastily.Megan glanced in the Daily Prophet, where there was a short article written about the man as well as a picture of him. "He does look rather cute," she mused.Anthony snatched the paper away and crumpled it into a ball. He launched it at the Slytherin table. It landed in Marcus Flint's soup."Oi, the hell was that for?!" Flint demanded.Anthony flipped him off and looked angrily around at Megan. "Megan Jones, you disappoint me.""Rickett, you're not going to ruin my breakfast and then pretend it didn't happen!" Flint asserted from the Slytherin table.He was glowering at Anthony, but the Hufflepuff boy couldn't care less what he thought at the moment. "Shut up, Flint! Maybe if you were a good chaser you might've caught it!"Daisy groaned. "Oh, dear, they're going to end up dueling...""You want to say that to my face, mate?" asked Flint. His fists were balled up in front of him."I'd rather not. You're not very pleasant to the eye, you see," Anthony explained.Flint began to stand from the table. Rolling her eyes, Lucy pulled out her wand and pointed it at him. "Duro!" she said. The spell hit him in the chest, and she watched with great satisfaction as his vest turned to stone. He fell backward off the bench from the weight."DETENTION, ROCHESTER!" she heard Snape yell from the Professor's table.As her friends burst out laughing, Lucy smiled to herself.It was good to be back.Harry left the Hospital Wing a few days later, and Lucy felt like she could sing. While he was passed out, she visited him every day, usually for only five or ten minutes so Madame Pomfrey couldn't complain. That might have warmed the matron up to her because she was always allowed to visit him unless he was asleep."Madame Pomfrey hardly lets Ron and Hermione in here," Harry said one day while they played a game of ordinary muggle checkers. She was sat on the end of his bed, and he was sitting propped up by pillows as they played. Neither of them were too keen on playing wizarding chess. Heck, even muggle chess sounded like absolute hell all things considered. "How come you're allowed?""I'm quiet," she shrugged. Things always tended to get loud with the other two in the hospital wing— Ron and Hermione always ended up arguing, that or playing exploding snap. "You and I, we understand the simple pleasures of muggle board games. Besides, I never argue when she tells me to leave."Harry smiled. "I guess that's why you're in Hufflepuff and we're in Gryffindor. Also, checkmate.""This isn't chess, you can't do checkmate—" she stopped when she looked down and saw that in one single move, he'd taken out all her checkers. Sighing, she started putting the game away."What? You don't want one more round?" He said with a cheeky grin."I think when you've beat me nine times in a row, it's time to play something else," she said dryly.She leaned over the bed to set the game on the floor then reached to grab a package of licorice wand off his ever-growing pile of gifts. She settled back in her place and bit off the end of one. Harry grabbed one too and they ate in a companionable silence. Madame Pomfrey poked her head out of her office, giving Lucy an approving look when she saw how peaceful they were behaving."See?" Lucy smirked. "I'm an angel.""Yeah, a real role model," Harry snickered. He sat up straighter and then looked her in the eye. "Lucy, tell me honestly... how do you feel about everything? With Quirrell, the whole year. That can't have been easy."She chewed on the inside of her cheek and glanced to make sure Madame Pomfrey wasn't listening. She sighed; if there was one person she felt okay talking with, it was Harry."I don't know, really. It's all confusing. Mostly, it was scary– I thought he'd figure me out at any given moment." Harry nodded in understanding. "But it was also... exciting, a little. I dunno, I just felt like I was doing something important.""You were. You kept Quirrell at the school- imagine what might've happened if he disappeared with Voldemort and they found some other way to bring him back," Harry insisted. She smiled appreciatively at him— she knew objectively she'd done well, but with how things ended, it didn't always feel that way. "I just wish I would've believed you. I promise that from now on, I'll always have your back."Lucy stared at him. He didn't know how much those words meant to her. She reached forward and pulled him into a hug, mindful of how sore he still was. "Thanks, Harry," she said genuinely. "For what it's worth, I think you were really brave in there. You're a real hero."He hugged her back, and it was a rather nice moment until Hagrid sidled into the room. She pulled away just as the giant sat in the chair. He took one look at Harry and then promptly burst into tears."It's- all- my- ruddy- fault!" Hagrid sobbed, burying his face in his hands. "I told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only thin he didn't knowan' I told him! Yeh could've died! All fer a dragon egg! I'll never drink again! I should be chucked out an' made ter live as a Muggle!"Lucy tried to imagine Hagrid blending into muggle society. Nope, there was no chance that would work— there were tall people, sure, but none quite as big as Hagrid."Hagrid!" Harry said, clearly shocked at the sudden appearance of the sobbing man. "Hagrid, he'd have found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have found out even if you hadn't told him""True that," Lucy nodded."Yeh could've died!" Hagrid sobbed. "An' don' say the name!""VOLDEMORT!" Harry bellowed his name so loudly that even Lucy jumped at the sudden noise. Hagrid was too shocked to continue crying. "I've met him and I'm calling him by his name. Please cheer up, Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a Chocolate Frog, I've got loads..."Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand. Lucy fought the urge to wrinkle her nose. Snot was gross. "That reminds me. I've got yeh a present, Harry. Wish I could'ave got yeh something as well, Lucy, but I wouldn' even know where to start looking."He reached into his coat and pulled out a handsome, leather-covered book. Harry took it in his hands and opened it. It was an album of wizarding photographs— each of them contained his parents, waving at the camera. Lucy stared at it curiously; Harry really did look exactly like his father, and his mother was absolutely beautiful. Both were so young. Too young to die."Sent owls off ter all yer parents' old school friends, askin' fer photos. Knew yeh didn' have any... D'yeh like it?"Harry didn't say anything, his eyes glued to the photos. Lucy smiled and nodded for him. Hagrid understood.At last, they had the end-of-year feast. Lucy couldn't believe the school year was actually over. She went between thinking the year took ten years and ten seconds. Though she wanted to arrive at the feast as quickly as possible, she waited outside the Hospital Wing for Harry. Madame Pomfrey fussed over him last minute so by the time they arrived at the Great Hall, it was already full.Slytherin colors hung from the ceiling, and a huge banner hung proudly behind the High Table. Lucy didn't even mind that it was Slytherin colors; the decorations were so pretty, she wouldn't have cared if it was neon pink up there.She sat at her own table with her friends, smiling at Harry as he set off for Ron and Hermione. Megan scooted over to let her sit down. They smiled at each other, but they couldn't begin to chat— Dumbledore arrived moments later."Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast."Anthony snorted. "Merlin, you gotta love Dumbledore. Wheezing waffle.""He's full of them," Lucy agreed."What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were... you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts...""What do you think, Lucy, did you learn much?" Megan asked her friend with a smirk.Lucy pretended to think about it. "You know, Megan, I'm not sure I did. Maybe we're too mugglish to understand wizarding concepts!""Oh, anything but mugglish!""Cram it, you two," Hannah scolded, though she couldn't help but smile.Dumbledore's speech continued on regardless of their silly comments. "Now, as I understand it, the House Cup here needs awarding and the points stand thus: in fourth place, Hufflepuff, with negative one billion and a hundred points; in third, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; Ravenclaw have four hundred and twenty-six points, and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two."The Slytherin table burst into applause, and they only barely managed to overpower the Hufflepuff table's cheering— they were all obscenely proud of having scored the lowest amount of points in history. Lucy raised her goblet to Quirrell's memory. It was perhaps the finest thing he had ever done for her."Yes, yes, well done, Slytherin," Dumbledore said. "However, recent events must be taken into account."The room went very still. Even the Hufflepuffs stopped their cheering."He is not going to..." Daisy whispered, glaring furiously at the Headmaster.Lucy agreed with her. The Slytherins looked so happy, it would be horrible for their victory to be taken away so cruelly."Ahem," said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out. Let me see. Yes... First— to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."The Gryffindor table burst into cheers, all the while Hufflepuff and Slytherin stared at Dumbledore intently."Second— to Miss Hermione Granger, for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."Lucy finally gave a polite clap for that one. Good for Hermione— she deserved the recognition."Third— to Miss Lucille Rochester. For staying resilient even in the darkness, I award Hufflepuff house fifty-five points."Not that it did much for them, but her friends all burst into loud cheers. Megan reached over to hug her tightly. Her cheeks turned a light shade of pink at the attention; she smiled nonetheless."Fourth, to Mr. Harry Potter... for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points."Lucy stood up on her stool and shouted, "YEAHHH! GO HARRY!" But her cry was drowned out by the absolutely deafening cheer the Gryffindor table let out. Now, they were tied at four hundred and seventy-two points. She knew without a sliver of doubt Dumbledore would find a way to give Gryffindor the victory."There are all kinds of courage," Dumbledore said, "It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom."She didn't know what Neville had done to deserve ten points, but she smiled at him nonetheless. The Slytherin colors and banners all turned to Gryffindor colors, and she could see her Gryffindor friends point and laugh at Malfoy. She sort of felt bad for him, but the pride she felt for her friends outweighed any sympathy.This was perhaps one of the best evenings of Lucy's life. Seeing all her friends laughing, clapping, having a wonderful time— it was like she was staring at herself in the Mirror of Erised.This was all she could ever want.Perhaps the most tragic part of the year had come: leaving. She found out too late that she did not want the school year to end after all.Her exam results came in, and she passed with O's all across the board. Although, that had more to do with her tutor than anything.The Hufflepuffs all had one last party the night before they were due to leave. It'd been absolutely wonderful; Anthony brought in food from the kitchens— which she had yet to find— and he set off fireworks (closely managed by Daisy, of course) that bounced off the walls and tickled students as they whizzed by."We'll all write to you," Hannah promised Megan and Lucy, the only two who didn't have owls. They were about to board the Hogwarts Express back home. Lucy would sit with Harry on the way back."How are we meant to write to each other?" Lucy said sadly, looking at Megan.Megan grinned and tapped Lucy on the nose. "The muggle way, silly. I'll write Wool's Orphanage and leave a return address. Either that or Dad will take me to buy one."She face palmed. Of course, she'd almost forgotten there were muggle ways of doing things. Well, she had better get back with the program soon, because Wool's was decidedly a lot less magical. "All right. Well, I'll see you in a few months, guys."She hugged each of them one last time before finding her friends.The ride home seemed to fly by much quicker. By the time they arrived at King's Cross, Lucy felt like running in the other direction, back toward Hogwarts. Seeing Harry's face, he shared her sentiment."Only three more months," Harry sighed."Three more months," she agreed. She checked the clock on the wall and groaned. "Ugh, whoever's picking me up will be here by now. I'll see you later, Harry. Who knows, maybe I'll even visit.""I'd love that," Harry snorted, imagining Lucy appearing at the Dursley's front doorstep.She hugged him warmly before setting off, her backpack slung over her shoulders. The quicker she left, the less likely she was to run away.An ordinary attendant met her at the platform. The woman didn't say anything; Lucy had never seen her before; she looked new. And very boring. She didn't say a word the whole way back to Wool's, even when Lucy tried to annoy her by making conversation.By the time they got back to the Orphanage, it was evening, too late for any sort of reunion with Nathan. Lucy entered her old room and sighed at the dreariness of it all."Home sweet home," she said sarcastically, dropping her backpack onto her lumpy bed. She started taking everything out and placing them all around her room. She thought she had everything, when she reached into her backpack and found something unfamiliar. An extra book. She pulled it out and examined it.It was a plain, black diary.Opening it up, she saw that it was blank. Not a single word written inside it.Her first instinct was to toss it to the side and forget about it, but then thought better of it. A free journal was a free journal. She hummed thoughtfully and then placed it on her bedside table.Who knows?Maybe it was time she kept a diary of her own.

It took Lucy a whopping two days before boredom sent her spiraling into madness.She didn't remember Wool's Orphanage always being so dull. She had tried every trick in the book— leaving frogs in Jennifer's bed, stealing plants from the greenhouse, stealing all the spoons from the kitchen, at one point she stole everybody's pillowcases. The staff reacted in such a boring way. Mrs. Cole would have chased her down the hallways with a broom, but the new staff didn't even seem to notice that Lucy was doing these things. They simply replaced any missing goods, comforted the children she terrorized, and moved on with their lives. Lucy was quite certain they didn't even know she existed.Nathan was nice to talk to, but he didn't have the heart of a prankster. He worried too much about causing trouble and his new girlfriend but-not-technically-his-girlfriend, Emma, would never dream of getting into mischief. This left Lucy to her own devices.She was so bored that she actually started doing her homework. Two days into summer, and she started her homework. She was absolutely disgusted with herself."Life sucks, so so much, I'd rather be spying on Voldemort," Lucy sang to herself as she thumbed through her old History of Magic textbook. The subject was so much more interesting without Professor Binns reading from it. That man's voice could put a dragon to sleep. "Flippity-Fluff, life sucks, Voldy-mort sucks so much!"She finished and then looked at Grayble expectantly. The cat shot her an unimpressed look and buried his face into her pillow. She frowned. "Git," she muttered. She slammed her textbook shut and screamed into her hands. "Ohhh my god I'm so bored Grayble! I'm going to go insane!"Grayble let out a huffing sound and deigned to get up. He sulked over to her bedside table and jumped on it, knocking her new diary off in the process. He jumped off the table and then curled up in the corner, glaring at her all the while."Fine, I get the hint, I'll stop talking to you," Lucy said with a roll of her eyes. "Geez, Graybie, when did you get so sassy?"Obviously, the cat didn't answer. Lucy's eyes turned over to the diary. Well, if she wasn't going to get any schoolwork done, she might as well write for a bit and see where that takes her. Who knows, maybe she'd discover something new about herself. Maybe she'd get bored and draw Snape as a troll, who knows? She picked the diary up off the floor then grabbed her quill, moving over to her desk.She began writing:This mystery journal of secrets belongs to one Lucille Eve Gina Esmee Naomi Diana Eleine Rochester. In the event that this beautiful bastard of a girl dies of boredom, she would like to note that this happened because the world is evil and cruel and sent her from a beautiful place named Hogwarts to a horrible, boring, dirty, evil, boring, disgusting, plain, boring, place known as Wool's Orphanage. Did I mention it was boring? Because it's boring.Lucy smiled proudly at her introduction. Hey, maybe writing was her thing—Oh, and the ink disappeared.Lucy screamed into her hands again. She was ready to pelt this stupid joke diary at the wall when to her surprise, new text appeared, in a very different, neater style of handwriting. She would almost call it calligraphy.That's quite the introduction, Lucille.What the fuuuuuuOh— sorry. My name is Tom Riddle. I used to own this diary.Lucy's jaw dropped, remembering what Mrs. Cole told her about him. What are the odds, that the one other person who attended Hogwarts from Wool's Orphanage was the same person whose diary she got? She could feel her heart rate picking up from excitement. That hadn't happened in a whole two days. Life was amazing!Huh, Mrs Cole told me about you. She said you were an unruly child and there was something wrong about you. Her words not mine.I'm not surprised. She and I didn't get along. Sorry, did you say you were at Wool's Orphanage? That's a surprising coincidence. How'd you get my diary?She imagined a prim and posh voice when she read Tom Riddle's writing, but she couldn't help grinning at the text. Maybe this summer wouldn't be so boring after all. Finding a mystery journal in her bag that wrote back to her was the best way to pass the time.I found it at the bottom of my bag. Could've picked it up somewhere, but that seems unlikely, which makes me think someone PUT it in there! Could this be— gasp— a MYSTERY?It took Riddle a second to reply.Hm. Maybe someone wanted us to meet. It's likely, seeing as we're both from Wool's. Let's get to know each other, Lucille. Tell me about yourself.She rolled her eyes. Lame! She wanted some dirty secrets about the past.Hold up, you're still a weird journal I just found. How about you go first. How come you're talking, even if this was your diary? I'll warn you, I'm great at detecting lies.That was a bluff. There was no way she'd be able to tell if Riddle lied to her, but she hoped he believed her.I guess that's fair. I used this diary throughout my years at Hogwarts. In my fifth year I cast a spell to preserve my memories, in a way. You could call the person you're talking to the sixteen year old version of myself— I'm quite human, you know.Humans usually don't have to say that they're human, but you know what, I believe you, Tom Riddle.Thankfully. Suspicion is rather boring. So, tell me about yourself— I have a right to be suspicious, too. How do I know you're really from Wool's Orphanage, and you're not posing as someone else to extract my secrets?She wanted to ask what kind of secrets, but that seemed sort of redundant. She supposed that someone who went through all the effort to immortalize their self in a diary had to know some good information, and they'd have to be quite powerful. She decided to humor the journal... it's not like she had anything else to do.You win. I'm Lucille, but everyone calls me Lucy. Technically my name's not Rochester— I was dropped off at Wool's when I was a baby. No note except for a slip of paper saying my name was Lucille. I don't really know how to prove that I've been at Wool's other than how bloody BORING! this place is, so yeah. Two days into summer and I want to DIE.Hm, that's interesting. And you don't know who your parents are?Haven't a clue. What about you? How'd you end up at Wool's?Riddle didn't answer for a good ten seconds. She took it as him debating whether or not he would tell her anything. That, or the journal was a randomized system giving her garbage answers. Either way, she was entertained.Her name was Merope. She died giving birth to me. She was a witch.Least you knew who she was, right?I suppose. What house are you in? And year. You sound quite young.Okay, ouch. But also, he made a valid point. She was sort of writing like a fool, but that was the fun part. She could sound as stupid as she wanted, and he couldn't do anything about it because he was a journal. Life was great.I'm in Hufflepuff. Going to be in my second year. And I like to think that I'm at least a little mature— I mean I saw a man die last year! So, brownie points for me. Or morbid points. Really, you can decide.Riddle wrote back quickly this time. A man died? You can't just leave the story there, it'd be barbaric.Yeah, so this is what happened: my best friend Harry was at this Quidditch match, right? He's the seeker, brilliant at it, I'm so proud of him—How is this related to you seeing a man die?Well if you'd let me set up the EXPOSITION.I'm so incredibly sorry. Please. Continue telling me about a sport of which I care nothing about.Lucy snorted. Sarcastic bastard.Right, so, Harry— great seeker, all that. There's this other Professor. Quirrell, right?You act as if I'll know the people you're talking about.LISTEN, Riddle, I'm only pausing because my little wrist hurts, okay? Just keep quiet unless you have something to SAY.Riddle didn't answer. Now she felt a little bad.Okay I'm sorry that was really mean.It's fine. Just keep going, I won't interrupt. Probably.So Quirrell had this way, over the top stutter. I always had a bad feeling about him— and during this match, Harry's broom started bucking, like it was trying to throw him off. My friends and I looked through binoculars and we saw both Quirrell and this other Professor, Snape, a Grade O Git, mouthing words, not breaking a stare. So what I'm saying is Quirrell was definitely hexing Harry.Why would they bother trying to kill a first year boy? Sounds a little far-fetched.Well, Harry's the Boy-Who-Lived. When he was a baby, Lord Voldemort tried to absolutely murder him. No one knows why. Didn't work, no one knows why, and Voldemort was vanquished from the Earth. He's not dead, just sort of lurking in between, I guess.The silence that followed was absolutely unnerving. Lucy stared cautiously at the journal; she felt like she upset Riddle somehow, which was odd. How could a journal be upset?I... see. And this Potter boy, plays into this how?Well to make a long story short, Voldemort attached himself to Quirrell's soul, and he was camping out in the back of Quirrell's head. He covered it up with a turban. I heckled Quirrell one too many times and he cornered me, then told me I had to help him with his plans. I did- he taught me loads of spells and information. I think Voldemort liked me. You know, not trying to BRAG or anything.She was totally bragging. Hey, the man may be a terrifying Dark Lord, but she had the right to say that he was fond of her.This Lord Voldemort liked you?Well, he never tried to kill me. Quirrell did— Voldemort told him not to though and told him to let me help. Why? Did you know about Voldemort? You sound unfamiliar with him.What year is it for you, Lucy? He wasn't around in the 1940s, but he sounds like an interesting character.1992. And he was definitely interesting. I saw his face one time— he didn't have a nose. Although to be fair, he was also on the back of Quirrell's head so I don't think he had much of a chance for cosmetics.I have no idea how to reply to that, Lucy. So you saw Quirrell die? Did Voldemort die, too?No, definitely not. He turned to vapor and zoomed away. He's out there, somewhere. Whatever, as long as he won't kill me, I'm fine.I'm sure he won't, Lucy... Enough about Voldemort, for now. What's your favorite color?Lucy spent the next month alternating between doing schoolwork, hanging out with Nathan, and writing in her diary. She actually managed to finish her homework in the first few week, which left her with no other option but to write in her diary. Her friends sent her letters— which she loved dearly, and always replied to— but she was missing a certain someone who hadn't sent her anything. Harry had yet to send her a letter, and while she was disappointed, she figured there had to be some reason. Maybe the Muggles locked his owl away or kept his mail from him. From what Ron and Hermione told her, he hadn't replied to their letters either.She also found that it was hard to keep from talking to Tom Riddle. Which he wasn't very friendly, he knew lots of spells and tricks to becoming a better wizard. And on rare occasions she managed to get a little gossip about his old schoolmates out of him. Of course, he'd write maturely using elegant words, but she knew full well what he meant. "Abraxas Malfoy had an unfortunate struggle with keeping his voice at an acceptable volume" was easily translated to "Malfoy was a stupid loudmouth".She kept the diary's cover flipped open at all times. Whenever Riddle got bored, he'd write in it and keep the ink on the page, so whenever Lucy saw it she knew he was open to talk. She was less interested in talking about herself— which she had a feeling annoyed him— and wanted to know more about what Hogwarts was like back then, and what kind of spells he knew.I'm not your damned glossary, Lucy! Do your own homework! He'd yelled at her once. She didn't listen to him; she started asking him questions more often. Eventually he caved in and found it easier to just tell her what she wanted to know. What good was a magic diary if he didn't give her any homework answers?Harry's birthday was coming up, and he still had yet to answer her. She decided she had enough of waiting around at Wool's, and she came up with a plan.I'm going to intrude on Harry's life and visit him! she declared to Riddle one blazing hot morning. She kept the windows wide open, but it didn't help much. Of course her muggle residence wouldn't have any air conditioning.Riddle answered her immediately. No. That's a terrible idea; you'll get lost and maybe mugged.I don't care! This boredom is shattering my skull. It's about to be the end of July. Only one more month of summer left. If I don't do something exciting, I may just lose it.So your plan to keep yourself from dying of boredom is to die of something even more dangerous, Riddle said sarcastically.Yep!Ugh, well if you're that set on going, then bring the diary with. I know my way around London.What if the inferstructure changed?Lucy noted with amusement that she had spelled 'infrastructure' wrong, and Riddle had crossed it out and written the correct spelling above it. He always did that; he reminded her of a professor at times.Please, the British would never stop preserving their city. Bring your wand with you. Check in every five minutes so I know you're going the right way.Awww, is someone worried about their best friend?She couldn't help but tease him. She knew it would annoy him— Riddle resented any 'mushy feelings'. At least, he hated expressing them; he used to try and pry real emotions from Lucy until she basically told him to stuff it, or else she'd close the book forever. She did not want to spill her guts out to a mysterious journal, as entertaining as it might be.More like I don't want to waste away in the Thames when you die.You're cold-hearted, Riddle. But yeah, I'll check in, have some faith in me. I'm not a COMPLETE idiot!Time will tell."Time will tell," Lucy mimicked out loud. She didn't bother with her backpack- that was surefire way to get mugged. She tucked her wand into her skirt pocket and held her diary in arm, pen clipped to her shirt as she went on her way. She made sure to lock her door behind her. She didn't think any staff would be amused by her cauldron or wizarding text-books.Nathan caught sight of her walking through the halls. He was sitting with Emma in the common area, and he waved at her. She smiled and waved back. Unfortunately, Jennifer was there too and she snickered when she saw Lucy wave at Nathan."Waving at your crush, Lucy? He'd never like you," Jennifer scoffed.Lucy smiled at her pleasantly. "I will eat your heart out of your chest, Courtney."Jennifer didn't have a proper response to that.She kept going, right out the front door to Wool's. She was honestly surprised that no staff tried to stop her. Then again, they didn't know she existed.With Riddle's help, she managed to navigate her way to the train station, which brought her to a place close enough to Harry's address. The sun was certainly blazing hot and she found herself parched as she continued to walk. No matter— she'd make it there eventually.And she did make it there. She came across a park in a neat little neighborhood, where she saw her favorite green-eyed boy sitting in a swing, looking absolutely bored with life. She knew that look all too well. She quickly scrawled to Riddle that she'd arrived and then moved her diary to her other arm.She then crept up behind Harry. He swung, unaware, and then she clamped her hands down on his shoulders yelling, "BOO!"Harry yelped and jumped out of the swing, crashing to the ground in an ungraceful pile. He turned to give Lucy an absolutely bewildered look. "Lucy? Lucy, what the — what are you doing here?!""I missed you," she shrugged.His shocked look slid away, and then he started laughing, pushing himself up from the ground. He gave her a hug, "I can't believe you came all this way. Don't you live in London?""It's not that far away," Lucy shrugged. "Sneaking onto trains is a lovely business. Anyway— why haven't you written me at all, you git? You haven't replied to Ron or Hermione either!""What do you mean?" Harry looked genuinely confused. "Hedwig's been locked up. None of you lot has sent me a letter."She shook her head. "Ron and Hermione have sent you loads of letters. I would have sent you one but, well, I don't exactly have an owl at the moment."He nodded in understanding, before something occured to him. He beamed at Lucy and said, "Do you think you could take Hedwig for me?!"He said it so excitedly that it took Lucy aback. Harry loved his owl— he treated her like a princess. "Take Hedwig? Why? Don't you want her?""Not forever," he said hastily. "But, the Dursleys have got her locked up, and I'd rather have her somewhere where she can stretch her wings. Is it too much trouble?"Please, it wasn't enough trouble. If Wool's staff hadn't batted an eye when she turned all the furniture upside down, they wouldn't care if she brought back a snowy owl. She smiled at Harry. "It's none at all, Harry. D'You think the Muggles will let her out so I can take her?""As long as I make it seem like you're taking her forever. Just don't let them think you're a witch, all right? Maybe bring up Uncle Vernon's drilling company, too. He's meeting with a Mr. Mason soon, something about a business deal. I don't know if that'll help you any.""Oh, I'm sure I'll think of something," Lucy grinned. Finally, she could put her acting skills to the test. She thought they'd been rather sharpened around Quirrell, if she did say so herself.She followed Harry all the way to his house. It amazed her, how alike and neat the houses looked. It was almost despicable. It made her want to mess it up. Alas, she knew she had to keep it together to rescue Hedwig.Harry entered the house and called out to his Aunt Petunia, who he figured was the most likely candidate to allow Hedwig to leave. Lucy watched from the doorway in awe as a tall, giraffe-necked woman stalked into the room, glowering at Harry."What?" Petunia snapped. She noticed Lucy in the doorway and grew more suspicious. "Who's this you've brought?" She looked like she wanted to add a witch? But refrained, on account of how mugglish Lucy looked. She was wearing a normal yellow top and skirt, along with her sneakers. Good for the hot weather, not exactly wizarding clothes."This is Lucy, she's from my primary school," Harry said, putting emphasis on primary school. Petunia's sharp gaze lessened slightly. "She's really into animals, y'know, and when I told her some madman gave me an owl I don't know how to take care of, she said she'd take her off my hands."Lucy gave Petunia her best wide-eyed, innocent look. "It'd really be an honor, ma'am, to take care of this bird. My uncle owns a zoo— if it's not too much trouble for you, of course. I can tell you're the gracious sort, ma'am, and it'd pain me to take away an animal you care about."She could see Petunia puffing up at the praise. She gave Lucy what she supposed was a gracious smile. "Oh, dear, it's no problem," she simpered."Your nephew's told me wonderful things about you all. My father's particularly interested in the sort of drills you sell," she added kindly. "Mr. Mason. He's a little shy to talk about me, you see, since he's so rich. I'm so glad Harry's related to you. He's such a considerate boy."She could see the money-signs in Petunia's eyes. "Of course, dear, of course. Mr. Mason is a wonderful man," Petunia said quickly. "Please, come in. Boy- Harry, I mean- why don't you get that bird of yours for Lucy here?""Of course, Aunt Petunia." As Harry headed up the stairs, he winked at her. Lucy's innocent smile twitched into a smirk for a split second. Too quickly for Petunia to notice."This is such a wonderful house you have, Mrs. Dursley. I wonder, how do you keep it so clean?" she marveled."Oh, years of practice," Petunia said modestly. Lucy resisted the urge to spit on the floor, only held back by the knowledge that the horrid woman would force Harry to clean it up. Riddle told her once that the more polite she acted, the more she could get away with. It was good advice. "How is your father, by the way?""He's in good health. He's feeling very optimistic, these days— he read his horoscope, and it's warned him about a successful business deal," Lucy said brightly. Petunia looked about ready to weep from happiness. "I wonder, Mrs. Dursley... Would it be too much trouble if I met up with Harry still? He's just so sweet, and he tells me the most darling things about this house! How clean it is— oh, I know he'd be embarrassed if he knew, but I can't help but relaying it all to my father!""I think that would be just fine," Petunia said warmly. Her smile looked too large for her face.Harry, who had heard all of this from the stairwell, fought hard to keep from laughing. He showed up with Hedwig's cage. The latch was locked, but she could take care of that herself. She took the cage into her arms and beamed at Harry. "Oh, Harry, thank you ever so much! Would you be a dear and walk me to the train station? If it's not too much trouble?""Not at all, Lucy," Harry said kindly. "Anything for a friend. I mean, would that be alright, Aunt Petunia?"Petunia nodded with such ferocity that Lucy was worried her head might fall off her shoulders.They managed to keep a straight face until they were a block away, and then they both stopped, positively weeping with laughter."O-Oh my god, Lucy, that was brilliant!" Harry gasped, "I've never seen her look so happy, it was almost scary!"Lucy felt like her sides were going to fall off her body. "I-I think my summer's peaked here, Harry. There's no possible way life could get better than this," she whimpered at the amount she was laughing. "Did you see her nodding? I thought she might snap her neck. She looked like—""— a bobblehead!" they finished at the same time.It took a few minutes, but they finally managed to get a hold of themselves. Lucy stopped to forcefully break the latch of Hedwig's cage open, so the bird could fly alongside them. Hedwig let out a happy hoot and nuzzled into her cheek briefly before flying above them."She looks so happy," Harry said, almost sadly. "I'm going to miss her."Lucy nudged him in the side, offering him a smile. "It won't be for long! You'll get her back this summer. 'Sides, I'll come again tomorrow and she'll fly up ahead. Now that I know the way better, it shouldn't take me as long."Harry shook his head, smiling. "I still can't believe you came all the way here from London. You're insane, you know that?""Yeah, an insanely good friend," she grinned. She then looked at him seriously. "I was worried about you. Thought maybe the muggles had you locked up. Have they been treating you okay?""Well, they'll never be nice to me, but I've got control of things." She arched an eyebrow at him, so he explained. "I'm not allowed to use magic outside of school. But they don't know that. See, even if I haven't got my wand, they don't know I still can't use any magic."She couldn't stop the laugh that came out of her throat. "Harry, that's absolutely genius," she chuckled, patting him on the shoulder. Harry really was clever, despite what Hermione may think. He was just a different sort of clever."It is one of my brighter moments," He agreed with a smirk. "But it's nothing compared to spying on Voldemort for a year. I still can hardly believe it was Quirrell all along— oh, no!" He cried suddenly and slapped a hand to his forehead.Alarmed, Lucy stopped walking and looked at him in concern. "What is it?""Remember our bet? I bet you thirty galleons it was Snape..." he said with a pained look.Oh, that. It was such a long while ago that Lucy had completely forgotten about it. She started laughing and kept walking. "Don't worry about it, Harry. You don't really have to give me thirty galleons.""Yes I do," Harry insisted. "A bet's a bet. And it's not the thirty galleons I've got a problem with— it's that it was due to Snape I was wrong.""Wouldn't it be due to Quirrell?""Between Quirrell and Snape, I still think Snape's more evil."Lucy snorted. Well, he wasn't wrong. Harry grinned and said determinedly, "Next time I go to Diagon Alley, I'll get it to you.""Harry, no, you really don't have to," Lucy insisted. The thought of taking money from her friends made her feel queasy. It was good to know she had some amount of shame."My Gryffindor honor would never recover if I didn't," Harry said. "There's no changing my mind on this, Luce. You won the bet fair and square."Shaking her head, she couldn't help but smile. Typical Harry— acting like she was doing him a favor.The sun was just about to set, and they'd finally reached the train station. Lucy turned to hug him again. "I'll be back early tomorrow, and I'll bring snacks. You've gotten skinnier," she said, and she poked him in the ribs.He batted her hand away, scowling. "You have too," he pointed out."Yes, well, I live in an Orphanage. You live in a nice suburban home. There's a difference," she said dryly.Harry shrugged. He supposed that was fair. His eyes then fell on the diary she was still holding. "Hey, what're you carrying that book around for? You haven't let it go once since we've got here.""I've taken up journalling," she said, and it wasn't technically a lie. She didn't want anyone to know about her new hobby— she knew talking to a mysterious journal was shady business, but it was just so fun. And Riddle told her so many good spells. He was a fountain of knowledge, really.Harry nodded, accepting that as an answer. "Well, I'll see you tomorrow," he said, and he grinned at the thought."Tomorrow," Lucy agreed.She hopped aboard the train and settled in her seat. She flipped down the train and lay the diary out in front of her, taking out her pen. Time to have some fun.

True to her word, Lucy kept visiting Harry. She did so every day up until his birthday, where Petunia turned her away from the door coldly. She'd told her that Harry had 'gone away for the summer'. Now, she knew this was an absolute load of nonsense, and she intended to get to the bottom of it.She did a check of the perimeter of the house. Sure enough, she found Harry's bedroom window, and there were bars fastened to it. She let out a growl. Those absolute bastards. What did they think they were doing, locking a child up like that?She couldn't fathom how you could live with a boy as nice and selfless as Harry Potter and hate him. It was unheard of– had they spoken to him? He was so nice! Now he was locked up, and there wasn't anything Lucy could do about it short of being expelled or arrested.I'm considering homicide, she wrote to Riddle on the train ride home.Really? Good. What for?She rolled her eyes. Of course he'd like that part.The muggles have got Harry locked in his bedroom, she wrote furiously.That's sort of funny.Lucy laid a whack to the journal, even though she knew he couldn't feel it. A few other passengers on the train shot her weirded out looks. She couldn't care less.It's so not funny!It's not unexpected, either. They are muggles, after all. They think us wizards are freaks, unless they can use us for something.Lucy didn't argue on that one. She knew that not all muggles were bad, but a lot of them were pretty damned annoying— especially the ones at Wool's Orphanage. She really did like Nathan and Emma but she shuddered to think what would happen if they found out she was a witch. Considering what'd just happened to Harry, she didn't feel like arguing in favor of muggles at the moment.So what are you going to do about it? I'm fairly useful if it's homicide you're aiming for.She couldn't help it; she chuckled slightly. Stupid Riddle and his stupid jokes.Tempting, but no. Dumbledore would know it was me. Man's weird like that....Agreed. Then what are you going to do? Complain? Spare me.You have no heart, Tom Riddle.Well, yes, I'm in a journal at the moment, so I suppose you'd be correct.Good God, you're in a sassy mood today. If you must know, I'm going to write to my favorite Weasley family, and they're going to work their magic.Great, the blood traitors.Lucy rolled her eyes. Yeah, she'd found out Riddle was that kind of Slytherin early on, but she couldn't bring herself to care. He didn't do much except complain about muggles and blood traitors. Thankfully he never brought up muggleborns, so she wouldn't have to fight him on that front. She couldn't exactly argue against his distrust of blood traitors and muggles, though.Still, she had to mock him. "Great, the blood traitors," she said out loud in a high pitched voice, pulling a face at the journal. "Real nice input there, Riddle. Git."I heard that. Real mature, Lucy.It took both of them a few seconds to process that.Wait... I heard that! Lucy, I heard that! Say something again!"Dumbledore loves woolen socks?" She tried. Again, passengers started to scoot away from her. Damn them all; she wouldn't be taking the train for a long while.Well, yes, that's not surprising at all. Lucy, do you know what this means? I'm gaining senses! I wonder if I'll be able to smell, next. Merlin, this is exhilarating!Lucy chuckled, but she felt a little wary. She tried to push that feeling away. This was Riddle, and he was so clearly excited to have gained more senses. She supposed it had to be very boring existing in a journal all the time, with no interaction except those who wrote in it. Maybe that was why she wrote in it so often; she wanted to give him something to do. This was definitely the happiest she'd ever seen him act.I bet. To think, all I have to do is bring up homicide and you brighten right up!Ha ha. Sure. I think it's more because of us. The more you write in the diary, the stronger our connection grows, thus the more human I become. Thank you, Lucy— I never realized how boring it was before. Or if I did, I didn't acknowledge it.Do you see the power of pen pals, Riddle?I never thought I'd say this, but yes, I do. Go somewhere noisy sometime— I want to hear more. Have you thought about visiting Diagon Alley?By myself? Not until now, but now that you've said it, I'm all for it. I'll go as soon as I know the Weasleys have rescued Harry.Ugh. Potter. Can't you just send a letter and be done with it?No, because if I die in Diagon Alley, how will I know my favorite orphan is safe?Riddle didn't deign to answer that. He disliked Harry for some reason, and every time she brought him up, he'd change the subject. Plus, Lucy had a feeling he was busy celebrating his newfound sense.She sent a letter off to the Weasleys as soon as she got home, and just to make Riddle happy, she brought the diary with on her quest to grease up all the doorknobs on the first floor of the orphanage. Jennifer caught her at one point and tried tattling."You're going to be in so much trouble," the girl taunted, staring at Lucy nastily."Karen, love, I will burn you," Lucy informed her, smiling serenely."Will you stop that!" Jennifer hissed. "I don't know why you think you're all that, now that you've gone to your freak school! You'll always be a freak, you know that, Lucy? A stupid little freak whose parents didn't even want to claim!""Well, I supposed I warned you," Lucy sighed, and she took out a lighter from her pocket. She nicked it from someone on the train awhile back, and she'd mostly been using it to entertain herself. Riddle told her she'd end up burning the place down, but she didn't care. She flipped the lighter open, letting the flame show, and then began walking toward Jennifer.Jennifer took a step back, staring angrily at Lucy. "What are you doing? Put that away you psycho! Learn to take a joke!"Is she really this scared of a little lighter? Lucy thought, laughing to herself. "C'mon, Penny, I warned you," she said, a little mockingly. "You're not scared of fire, are you? You sure like to talk big, but you wouldn't ever fight me, would you?""Lucy, I'm warning you—" Jennifer insisted, but her voice broke off at the end. She flattened herself against the wall. For a moment, while Lucy was standing right in front of her, she was so tempted to do it. To bring the lighter up to her hair and then just watch what happened. Surely Jennifer knew how to stop, drop, and roll? And how funny would it be, just to see it happen..."I'm feeling rather cold at the moment," Lucy said, and she was surprised to note that her voice had taken on a sinister note to it. "Aren't you?""Stop it, please," Jennifer said desperately. She turned her head to the side, her chest rising and falling quickly with each breath. "I'll leave you alone, I swear, just stop it!""Are you going to cry?" Lucy said, mildly surprised to see Jennifer's eyes welling up with tears. She rolled her eyes and flipped the lighter shut, shoving it back into her pocket. "Learn to take a joke, Jenny."She turned and started walking back to her room, unable to keep a few snickers from escaping along the way. She lay down on her stomach in bed and opened up the journal. She had a very important question that needed an immediate answer.So do you think Centaurs look at horses weirdly? Like do they feel familial pride, or are they offended? What goes through their mind?Lucy, you can be mighty scary if you set your mind to it.For a good few seconds, Lucy had no idea what Riddle was talking about. Then she realized that he could hear everything around the diary, and she face palmed. Right. Well, she didn't see anything wrong with what she did. Jennifer tormented her for years. She was only getting a little payback— she didn't even touch the girl. She just used her words, like Jennifer did.Jennifer's had it coming for years. I don't feel too bad.I'm not saying you should. Are you sure you're a Hufflepuff?Mhm. I'm loyal and hardworking. Toil? I'm unafraid of it.That's fair. Although, I wonder, do you always sound like that? It's the first time I've heard you properly talk to someone else.No, I was trying to be scary there. Not my fault Jennifer's a coward.No. Not your fault at all. It's strange, I feel sort of proud.Lucy smirked. Of course he was proud; Riddle was super edgy. He was probably hoping Lucy would become just as cynical as him. Alas, that would never happen; Wool's just happened to bring out the worst in her. Once she left for Hogwarts and made sure Harry was safe, she'd be back to her happy self.Now, back to important matters. She picked up her pen:So do you think Centaurs feel weird about horses?Dear Lucy,You were right— the Muggles had Harry locked up. We flew Dad's car out to get him— mum's positively furious with us, but I don't mind it. They were starving him! We had to do something. Anyway, I wish you could have come along with us, but it was all short notice. Besides I think the twins are still bitter that you're one of Rickett's girls. At least Harry's free from the Muggles.Mum asks if you'd want to visit sometime. It's a bit of a full house, but you could floo over— maybe sleep in Ginny's room once in awhile if you'd like. Just say 'The Burrow' and think of us. It's nice that Harry's here but it feels off without at least you or Hermione. Oh, right, you can send Hedwig over here too. Harry's been itching to see her again. Nearly got us caught by his whale of an uncle. He thought he forgot Hedwig in his room, but he'd forgotten that you had her. The whale grabbed Harry's ankle and bloody near tore it off.I'd ask how Wool's is going, but whenever I ask you always say 'boring'. So, I suppose I already know.Come visit us. I mean it. Fred and George and I might fly another car if you don't.Love, RonLucy smiled as she read over the letter again. Now that Harry was safe, she could finally go to Diagon Alley with a peaceful mind. Truthfully she was excited to go by herself— she had no one to chaperone her or manage her time. She could learn how to use 'floo', whatever that was. Riddle would know.She opened her journal and made to write it it, when she realized that he could hear her. "Hey Riddle, what's floo?" she asked him.You step into a fireplace, say where you want to go very clearly, and then throw floo powder down. Why, are you planning to floo somewhere?"Yeah, Ron's family invited me to visit them. I was thinking of going to Diagon Alley tomorrow and then, uh, flooing there later. That's such a weird word," she added that last part to herself. "Either way, there'll be lots of things for you to hear."Excellent. Go to Diagon Alley first, and bring money. There's some books you should pick up, if you want to get any better at magic. And needless to say, bring your wand. They can't trace magic in Diagon Alley."Riddle, you are one smart cookie," She told him with a grin.Kindly never call me a cookie again."Yeah, that's fair. How am I supposed to get money? I'm a broke orphan."Check the crawlspace in the kitchen stores. There's a loose floorboard. I used to steal money and hide it there as a child."You know, it's so handy having a pocket-criminal," Lucy said fondly. Riddle replied with a rude scribbling. Laughing, she shut the journal. Time to check out the crawl space.True to his word, she found the loose floorboard and pulled it back. The money was old, certainly, and a strange feeling came over her as she looked at it. It felt like proof, that the boy in the journal wasn't just some random spell lying to her. He really used to go to Wool's and he found out its secrets just as she did.She picked up the notes and turned them over in her hands. How peculiar, holding the same notes as he did. They had found the same crawlspace to hide in when people were out looking for them. Lucy thumbed through the notes, counting them up. To her pleasure, Riddle had stored two hundred sixty pounds over the years.She wondered why he left them there— maybe he meant to return, but never did. She wondered what happened to him. Obviously, he didn't know himself. He was only the fifteen year old version; whatever he did after the fact was anybody's guess. Mrs. Cole said Riddle worked in a shop until he died, but Lucy found that hard to believe. He was just so brilliant. It felt wrong to think that he would settle for a job as lowly as a shop clerk. Especially with how arrogantly he spoke.Lucy stuffed the notes into her backpack then made her way out of the crawlspace. She was determined to find out more about this strange Tom Riddle— but she would have to do so subtly. Riddle warned her that he'd made plenty of enemies back in his day, and that his future self would have only made more along the way. How many people wanted their hands on that diary? She would have to keep its secrets close to her chest... and maybe, along the way, he would tell her his secrets like he promised. The books were already a step in the right direction.She would solve the mystery of Tom Riddle. She'd just have to give it some time.Unafraid of toil sounds about right, she thought to herself.The next day, Lucy woke up bright and early, ready to go to Diagon Alley. She woke up too early— it was four in the morning, and when she had gotten ready for the day, Riddle wrote her and told her there was no way the shops would be open yet so she should have slept in awhile longer. So now she had to wait an agonizing two hours, during which Riddle went radio silent just to annoy her."You are a cruel, cruel boy, Riddle," Lucy told the diary as soon as the clock struck six.I've got to amuse myself somehow. You have your wand? And your backpack? Make sure the money is in your pocket, not the bag."Yes, everything's in order, I've only had two hours to prepare," she said dryly.I think I'm rubbing off on you. Good. Now go to the Leaky Cauldron– you remember where that is, correct?Lucy didn't think there was any way she could forget what the Leaky Cauldron looked like. It had been her first real glimpse into the wizarding world. But Professor McGonagall hadn't walked her there— they had apparated outside of it."She apparated us there," she said, shaking her head. "You'll have to show me."It looks that way. We'll have to find an easier place for you to put the diary. I don't like the thought of you carrying it in the open all the time– you might drop it."I could put it in my backpack," she suggested.Too high a chance of it getting stolen. I'll think of something. Just start walking, and read street signs out loud. I'll point you there.She slung her backpack over her back, pleased that McGonagall's charm was stronger than ever. It was mostly empty, apart from a few healing potions she had to brew for Snape's class. The other professors had been kind and only assigned book-work— Snape was a peculiar kind of cruel, and he assigned potions for them to brew, even if they had muggle residences that wouldn't allow it.She started her walk out the door of Wool's Orphanage. She waved at Nathan as she left and to her delight, Jennifer didn't say anything; she gave Lucy a half-scared, half-angry look. The angry silence was like music to her ears.She did as Riddle instructed and read the street names aloud, and in turn he'd draw an arrow toward where she'd need to go. It was all very useful and once again, she celebrated that such a neat diary came into her hands. She was incredibly lucky— maybe this was the world's way of giving her a break after such a tension-filled year.Some people gave her strange looks as she read aloud the street signs. One woman kindly asked her if she was lost, to which Lucy replied with a cheerful, "Absolutely!" And continued on her way.She reached the Leaky Cauldron at last. It didn't take her long at all, and for once she paid careful attention to each direction so that she could arrive faster next time. Nobody questioned her when she moved through the Wizarding bar. In fact, some people waved jovially at her. She waved back but kept moving– Riddle wouldn't be pleased if she dawdled."Hey Riddle, what's the pattern for this?" She said quietly to the journal, standing in front of the wall.The third brick up, two across. Tap it three times. And don't just talk out loud in public— you can look like a maniac in muggle spaces all you want, but you need to have a respectable image in the wizarding world.Lucy rolled her eyes, resisting the urge to say 'yes, mum' in fear that he'd abandon her for the rest of the trip. She did as he said and soon enough, the wall opened up into an archway. For the second time in her life, she'd arrived at Diagon Alley.Her eyes were wide as she stopped to take it all in again. For it being early in the morning, it was certainly crowded. She narrowly dodged a witch pushing a cart filled with mewling kneazles. She retreated to the side of a building for now.What now? She asked him.Go to Gringotts and convert the muggle money— you shouldn't need an account for that.Lucy had never gone into Gringotts before. She grinned and felt excited at the thought. It wasn't hard to find the building— it was a pure white structure that was leagues bigger than the other shops. She headed up the marble steps, and she had to remember not to stare at the goblin by the door. She hadn't seen one of those before, either.There had to be a hundred or more goblins inside, sitting behind counters on high stools. Lucy went to the first free desk she could find. She thought she would have had more trouble seeing over the counter last year– hopefully she had gotten taller. The goblin peered over at the girl, arching an eyebrow."Good morning, sir," she began politely. He looked surprised at her manners, and she found that incredibly sad. "If it's not too much trouble, could you please convert this into galleons?"She had the notes at the ready. The goblin betrayed no emotion, but his response was perhaps less cold than she expected it would be. "Certainly," he said, and she laid the notes on the table. His long fingers worked quickly and in less than a minute, he presented her with a pouch of coins. It was quite heavy, and she quickly moved it to her backpack. Once again, thank god for the lightening charm.She thanked him and turned to leave when the goblin asked, "Do you have an account here at Gringotts, Ms...?""Lucille Rochester," she replied, turning back around. "And no— I suppose I'd need a guardian to open one, wouldn't I?""Not at all," He looked disturbed at the notion. She felt like the muggle world could take some tips from Gringotts. "It won't take long at all. And should you have money left over, it's more convinent."Lucy beamed. A wizarding account, all for herself? It sounded like a dream. "That sounds wonderful, thank you, sir," she said eagerly.He took out a few pages of paperwork and handed her a quill. True to his word, it didn't take long— it asked her basic questions like her name, address, security questions, et cetera. She finished it quickly, and he took the paperwork. He procured her with a golden key. "Vault eight hundred and nine," he told her. "You can make deposits from here, but any withdrawals will have to be in person.""Thank you, sir," she said happily, stowing the key away in her pocket. Riddle was right- she'd have to find a better way of holding her valuables.She left the bank, practically skipping. She stopped by the stairwell and pulled out her journal, flipping it open.That went well. See? Acting like a sane person has rewards.Haha, like that will stop me. Now what? You said something about books?I'd have liked you to go to Knockturn Alley, but I don't trust your wand work enough yet. I'd rather not be stolen by a hag. Go to Flourish and Blotts— the mature section. No one should question you as long as you act like you're meant to be there."Don't I always?" She mused to herself. She closed the journal and set off down the alley. She channeled her inner Slytherin, and she straightened her back up as she walked down the street confidently, like she visited Diagon Alley every day. She must have mastered the look because people constantly moved out of her way to let her through.Lucy reached Flourish and Blotts, mentally groaning when she saw none other than Gilderoy Lockhart in there. Anthony's words rang in her ears. The shop wasn't officially opened yet— it looked like they were setting up for something. But remembering Riddle's words, she walked in anyway and went straight up to an employee. She went to an older wizard, in hopes that he'd be more sympathetic to her than Lockhart."Would you mind if I picked up some books?" She asked the wizard. She shot a slightly scornful look at Lockhart. "I don't think it's right that you've got to lock down the shop for one person."The wizard looked at her like she had given him a million galleons. "Certainly!" He said warmly, clasping her on the shoulder. "Young lady, the world needs more minds like you."They shared a look of deep, poetic respect.Then Lucy got bored and went over to the mature section. "All right, I'm here, what kind of books am I looking for?" She asked Riddle quietly.There should be one called The Dark Arts: Unearthed. Any edition is fine— I'd prefer you get the fourth one, since it's the one I found the most informing. How many editions are there now?"Eighteen," Lucy said.Eighteen? Merlin, what have I missed? I would give anything to look at them myself..."It would make things a lot easier," she admitted.Lucy, I wonder...She stared cautiously at the journal. He wondered what? Because to her, it sounded like he wanted a way to see outside the diary. "What's that, Riddle?" She said carefully.It's just— I have a way of showing you my memories. All you'd need to do is put your hand on the page. I have a theory, that maybe if you put your hand on the page and think about letting me see, might it work?"I don't know, Riddle..."You want to become a better witch, don't you? I'm the best tutor you could have. And no, that is not me being arrogant— it's a statement of fact. I'm willing to show you all aspects of magic, not just the 'light' side. That's where most wizards go wrong. They think there's such a thing as 'good' and 'evil', 'dark' and 'light'. In reality, there's only power. You just need to have the determination to seek it.Lucy felt like she had heard that somewhere before. She thought hard, but she couldn't think of it. Quirrell came to mind— but honestly, that night was a blur. Everything she tried to think of it, the image of Quirrell dying would appear before her eyes and she'd have to hastily retreat from her thoughts.She begrudgingly felt like Riddle had a point. She knew a lot about magic— all the extra book work she'd done last year made sure of it. And maybe it was pompous of her, but she felt like she had a lot of magic within her, swimming through her veins. It made her restless, most days. Made her want to cause trouble. She felt like maybe, if she knew how, she could find a way to let it all out and become the best witch she could be.What Riddle was proposing wasn't anything new. She wanted to be good, but maybe he was right— there was no using wanting to be anything unless she had the power to choose.She chewed on her lip. It was just too tempting– she couldn't let an opportunity like this just slip away. Riddle came from Wool's Orphanage, just like she did, so in a way, he understood. They were using each other; he wanted to become more than a memory inside a journal, and she wanted to have his knowledge. Maybe, instead of using each other, they could help each other."Fine," Lucy said at last. If this ended badly, she could always throw the journal out. But for some unfathomable reason, she trusted Riddle to follow through with his promise. She placed her hand on the cover of the journal. She thought very hard at him.Come on out, Riddle. Come to the other side of the bridge, she thought. You'll have to go back eventually, of course— but for now, just come and take a look.Then, she opened the journal up.She could see a smoggy gray blob, slowly beginning to take form. She couldn't help but feel curious as she watched it shape into two legs, a torso, arms, legs, and then finally a head. There were no distinguishing features, but the figure tilted his head at Lucy before pointing at the books on the shelf.She stared at him dumbly before it registered that she was supposed to move now. "Oh, right," she muttered, and she grabbed the fourth edition.Whatever form Riddle was now, he couldn't speak. She supposed that made sense– she'd only been writing in the journal for a month now after what had to be half a century of no contact. She flipped through the pages and sometimes he held up a hand to stop her so that he could read what was on the page.It was an odd sensation, feeling his presence at her back, peering over her shoulder. He felt freezing cold, and the vaporous, gray form he had made it hard to concentrate on him. Looking at him felt wrong— like he shouldn't be there but inexplicably, he was.It took them a good hour to go through all the volumes. Lucy was beginning to feel exhausted. On the flip side, Riddle's form was becoming less malleable as the smoke bonded together more. She could still see through him, but his overall 'texture' stayed in one place.He decided on the fourth, ninth, and fifteenth edition. He then went over to the magazines and gestured for her to take a Witch Weekly. She stared at him blankly for a second then shook her head, deciding not to question him. God, she was so tired...She barely held back a yawn as she brought her books to the cashier. It was the same wizard as before, and he arched an eyebrow at Lucy's supply of books. Riddle was at her back again, and although he didn't have a face, she could tell that he was glowering at the man."They're for my dad," she said in a slightly exasperated tone. "He's a historian— for some reason he thinks these books will lead him to uncovering the lost Goblin Wars. Oh, well— at least he lets me get something for myself," she added, smiling at Witch Weekly.The wizard chuckled and put the books in a bag for her. He left the magazine out. "That's very kind of you, getting books for your father. Just make sure you keep them wrapped up— paranoid folk around here might get the wrong idea.""Of course. Thank you, sir," Lucy said, smiling at the man.As she headed toward the exit, she noticed Lockhart's back was turned. He was gloating to some poor, harassed looking employee about his books. She was trying not to cause any trouble today, but she couldn't just leave Lockhart feeling happy. Especially when he was bothering some poor bloke trying to do his job. She had a duty to Anthony to inconvenience Lockhart at every turn.Riddle shook his head furiously at her. She paid him no mind and pulled out her wand. Duro, she thought, and to her satisfaction a subtle gray jet shot out and hit the man in the shoe. She ducked out of the shop just as she heard Lockhart shout, "What just happened?!"Riddle's form disappeared and she watched as words appeared in the journal.You have no restraint, do you, Lucy?"It was a business matter," Lucy said solemnly. "I had to do it. For my mum."Lucille. I know full well you don't know who your mother is."Mummy Anthony," she said, like it was obvious. "For some reason, I think you two would get along. He's around your age, I think."Riddle didn't respond. That pretty much showed her his sentiment. She laughed, and it turned into a yawn. She reached up to rub at her eyes.Go get food or something, so you don't pass out. We still have more things to pick up."Yeah, I know. Are you planning on coming out again?"No. I feel... tired, I suppose is the best word. The noise helps.Lucy made a mental note of that. It looked like interactions made Riddle stronger. The stronger he became, the longer he could take a spectral form. Good to know.She took his advice and set off to find a shop. It was hard to spot one that wasn't a candy store- she had plenty of sweets at the orphanage that she'd taken from Hogwarts. She weaved in between wizards, keeping her eyes carefully trained on the shops as she passed by. She finally found a plain looking restaurant near the entrance of Knockturn Alley.The woman at the front desk looked surprised to see a customer walk in. She was a tiny, black haired woman with sharp blue eyes that crinkled at the edges with age. "I hope you're here to buy something. I've had enough of these shady arseholes thinking this is a meet-up for all their ruddy deals," she said severely."Ma'am, I just really want a sandwich," Lucy said, too tired to fire back with a wicked reply.The woman, though still suspicious, didn't look as angry as before. "I see. I'll get that for you." She turned to start preparing it.Lucy arched an eyebrow at her back. "Aren't you going to ask what I want?""No," the woman said shortly. "I know what you want. Something to pick you up and keep you going for the day. Let me do my job, kid.""You know, I feel like you like making sandwiches but it's quite hard to tell.""I'm not known for my manners," the woman said. She cut open a toasted bun and with a flick of her wand, ingredients started piling on neatly. She grabbed a shaker filled with a sparkling blue substance and sprinkled it over the sandwich. Lucy noted with interest that it seemed to glitter in the air.She then looked around the empty shop and remarked, almost sarcastically, "Looks like you're not known for anything."It was a rude thing to say, but the woman actually snorted and shot Lucy an appraising look. "You'd be right there. The night crowd comes in before midnight, usually before they're about to do their dark deeds. Oh, so sorry, your young ears should never hear such a thing.""The more you insult me, the more I like you," Lucy declared. She looked at the shelf of ingredients the woman had; there were different shakers and potions, all with some mysterious magical property to them. "So you make magic sandwiches?""Technically it's illegal to sell potions without a license. Also technically, putting magical properties in food doesn't count as a potion." The woman had a self-satisfying smirk on her face as she lay a plate before Lucy. "So what brings you here all by your lonesome, kid? And don't give me that 'your parents are outside' nonsense. I know a loner when I see one."Okay that one was a sick burn. Lucy didn't bother trying to explain that she wasn't exactly alone— Riddle was likely paying careful attention to the conversation from the diary— and instead she took a bite out of the sandwich. As expected, it tasted delicious and just from one bite, she felt her weariness creep away."I'm very bored," she said once she finished chewing. "Picked up some books, then I'm flooing to my favorite bunch of gingers. So what's your name, ma'am? 'Cause I'm likely going show up here again.""Fair excuse," the woman nodded. "I go by Malady.""Oh, if we're doing made-up names, I want to be Strongarm," Lucy said eagerly.The woman shot her a flat look. "Fine, if you want to be a git about it. I'm Mallory. That name doesn't leave this shop, are we clear?""I don't know why you're being all threatening, I'm literally twelve," Lucy told her with a slight grin. "I'm Lucy. But I'd really like it if you called me Strongarm in third person.""That's absolutely not going to happen."Now that Mallory was satisfied Lucy wasn't here to cause mischief, she left for the back room. Lucy kept eating her sandwich and pulled out the diary, flipping it open. At once, Riddle's vaporous form appeared and he inspected their surroundings for a few seconds before he disappeared again.Good. You haven't been sold to Dark wizards yet.If this lady keeps making these slamming sandwiches, I might just let her sell me to them....Wonderful. Hurry up— it's getting late, but you should at least buy a pouch for the diary before you leave.Aye aye, captain.Lucy was done anyway. She shut her diary and looked up to find Mallory giving her a curious look. Lucy almost jumped out of her skin— when had the woman come back?"You're a weird kid," Mallory told her.Lucy scowled and put her diary on her lap. She didn't like the extra attention Mallory had given it. She wouldn't be happy if Riddle got kidnapped, and she had the feeling he wouldn't either. "I don't know how I'll be able to control my ego after I leave," she said in such a dry tone that Riddle would surely be proud of her.Mallory snorted. "I think you'll manage. That'll be two sickles, kid."Lucy reached into her pouch and found that the sickles were all at the bottom. That was way too much effort. She took out two galleons instead and placed them on the counter. "Keep the change."Mallory gave her a shocked look, but Lucy wanted to start moving before her newfound energy died away. The woman opened her mouth to respond but she was already out the door, heading toward a Quills and Parchment store. They'd surely have some easier way to carry her belongings.She opened her diary on the way, so Riddle could come out and look around with her. He was much faster than her and he came across a black satchel she could sling around her shoulder. He pointed at it and then at the register, then kept looking around.The woman at the counter smiled appreciatively when she saw the satchel. "That's a good pick, you must have a taste for fashion.""Oh, you know it," Lucy said, and she couldn't keep a grin from spreading across her face. Riddle looked like he was sighing as he put his hand to his forehead."Now this has a unique feature. You'll be the only one able to open it. All you have to do is put your wand to it, then say a password.""Sick! Thanks, ma'am."Lucy took the satchel and wore it immediately, putting the diary into it. It was a bit small to carry anything else so she'd have to learn that extension charm McGonagall put in her backpack.Now that she was done, she headed toward the Floo center. Riddle walked, or more like glided, beside her. She laughed as he floated through unsuspecting peoples' bodies until he snapped his head toward her. He didn't have a face, but she could feel his glare."I think today was successful, don't you?" She said happily.Riddle tilted his head, half-shrugging in a 'meh' sort of way."Oh come on. We got books, opened a bank account, had a great sandwich, and most importantly we've formed a friendship to last a lifetime."He sighed again, exasperated. She grinned, "Only joking. Once we get to the Weasleys, you can take a book-nap or whatever the heck you do in there. What do you do in there? Can you see letters and stuff? What if I drew a picture? Would you be able to see it?"Riddle stared at her and then promptly disappeared, ending the conversation there."Rude," she huffed.She reached the Floo center and she took a few minutes to observe the other wizards. From what she saw, they'd step in the fireplace, square their shoulders and then throw the powder down as they shouted their destination. Only again, she was stricken by how magic it all was, seeing people teleport before her eyes.She was glad Riddle couldn't see how excited she was to try it. She stepped into the fireplace, practically bouncing with excitement. A wizarding attendant gave her a cautious look as she grabbed a handful of Floo powder."Young lady, do you know what you're doing?" The wizard asked her in concern."Nope!" She replied cheerfully, and she threw the powder down saying, "The Burrow!"It was like she had just been sucked down a whirlpool, spinning around too fast to be natural. Although that was the point, wasn't it? It was magic. She found the whole sensation rather thrilling, and the green flames whirling around her were absolutely wicked. Her face was suddenly cold and tingly, and she could see a variety of different rooms all whizzing by until she finally stopped spinning.She saw Percy sitting, aghast, on the couch as she fell straight out of the fireplace and face-first to the floor.There was a thundering of footsteps above her before loads of Weasleys flooded into the room. First came Ron, beaming at her, followed closely by Harry, Fred and George, then Mr. and Mrs. Weasley."Lucy! I had a feeling you'd show up today!" Ron beamed at her.Harry gave her an impressed look as he grabbed her hand, pulling her to her feet. "You came here all by yourself?"Mrs. Weasley agreed with that sentiment. "You came here all by yourself?" She said, horrified."Oh I've been in Diagon Alley all day," Lucy explained. Okay, that didn't sound much better, she admitted."Wicked!" Fred and George chorused."Not wicked!" Percy glared at the pair of them. He pointed a wand at Lucy's soot-covered form and said, "Scourgify!" In an instant, her clothes were clean.George gave his mother an affronted look. "Oh, so when he uses magic outside of school it's fine?"Mrs. Wealsey's lips thinned but she didn't reply. She looked at Lucy and smiled kindly. "While it was dangerous, I'm glad you've come to visit, dear. Next time, write us and we'll meet you halfway. You're just in time for lunch— you and Harry are both so skinny!"She retreated into the kitchen. Lucy stood frozen, stunned at the kindness by this woman whose home she showed up at unannounced. Harry gave her an understanding look. "They're great, right?" He said happily."So great," she said fervently.Ron's ears turned red, but he looked very pleased they thought so. He slung an arm over Lucy's shoulders and pulled her into the kitchen, asking her excitedly, "So what'd you do in Diagon Alley? How was the Floo? I knew you'd make it..."Lucy began to recount her tale, all the while a warm feeling grew in her chest, not unlike the first night she spent at Hogwarts. She could feel it, deep within her—This was going to be a great year.

Lucy's trips to Diagon Alley became more and more frequent. She visited the Weasleys once per week every Wednesday, but she declined their offers to stay overnight. She did the first time, but she had been so busy that she wasn't able to write in the diary. Riddle had been very displeased when she arrived at Wool's.She couldn't blame him, and she actually felt sorry. She understood where he was coming from. He'd been trapped for half a century in his own diary, and while he might not have been born a human, he every bit had the memories and soul of one. Once she began to write to him in the diary as a fellow person, she in a way made a commitment to Riddle. She couldn't leave him stranded, it'd be cruel.Apart from that instance, Lucy and Riddle got along quite well. Sure she ribbed at him sometimes, but he taught her useful information. She found The Dark Arts: Unearthed genuinely fascinating. It neither praised nor shamed Dark Magic, but it explained its mechanics and how Light spells could be used in a Dark way just as Dark spells could be used for good. Riddle was pleased with her curiosity toward Dark Magic and encouraged her to begin practicing as soon as they returned to Hogwarts.She was sitting at her desk, writing a letter back to Megan when an owl arrived at her window. Riddle was out at the moment lounging on her bed— she had no idea how he was able to lay on it when he was vaporous, and he smugly refused to explain.She opened up the letter and smiled when she saw it was the list of school supplies. That smile slowly faded when she saw what was under the Defense Against the Dark Arts section. It was every single damned Lockhart book out on the market."Gross!" She complained, dropping the paper on her desk. She went as far as to step away from her desk. The small barn owl looked equally as disgusted to have carried it. She gave the owl a look of complete understanding. "I am so sorry you had to do this, young man," she said solemnly.The owl hooted once. She waited, but he made no move to leave."What? Do you want to stay here, little guy?" She asked curiously. The owl hooted again and moved from the window to her desk.Riddle stared directly at her."I'm sure you're wondering, am I about to steal an owl from the school?" She guessed. Riddle nodded, like it was obvious. "Then yes, yes I absolutely am." She looked back at the owl and grinned. "I think I'll call you... Snape."The owl let out a thrilled hoot and flew over to Hedwig's old broken cage, resting on the perch.Black ink appeared in the diary. She kept it propped up against the wall, always wide open.Are you really naming your stolen owl after a professor?"You know, Riddle, you really need to stop questioning me so much," Lucy said with a shake of her head. "The answer to that question is yes."...should I even bother asking why?"Maybe I think Snape is a lovely name," she said. Riddle's refusal to answer explained his response well enough. "Tom. Sometimes Lucy needs something to make her happy. Right now, naming my owl after a professor I hate would make me extremely happy. See? Just the thought of calling his name in public does the trick."Riddle appeared again, shaking his head before heading back to the bed. Lucy grinned to herself and put her letter to Megan in an envelope."Oh, Snape! Would you like to deliver a letter, my precious boy?"Riddle put his hands over his face, sighing deeply. And for the first time, Lucy heard it."Kid, Magic's not allowed outside of school," Mallory told her as she served Lucy a bowl of soup. She came to Malady's every time she came to Diagon Alley— which happened to be around two times per week, maybe more if she was really bored. She didn't always buy anything but she liked to sit in Mallory's shop and cast spells. It wasn't like the woman told her to stop or anything. All she'd do is reminded Lucy it was illegal, for deniability reasons."Well you see, somewhere in the world, school is in session," Lucy replied. She pointed her wand at her coin pouch and said the expansion charm yet again. She thought she saw it get slightly bigger, but it was hard to tell."Yeah, all right, wise-ass," Mallory rolled her eyes. "Why can't you do magic at your home? Are you a mudblood or something?"Lucy didn't mind being called a mudblood. She knew that blood purity was plenty common in the wizarding world– the sooner she accepted that, the easier her life would be. Now it didn't mean she liked it— she thought it was an idiotic notion, someone's blood being more important than another's. Power was what made one wizard more excellent than the other, but underneath all that it was a person's character that made them equal. Lucy didn't't relay any of this to Mallory— she knew when to pick her battles. She wasn't a Gryffindor."Or something," she said. "I happen to live in an orphanage.""Cry me a river.""You know what? Maybe I will." Lucy muttered the charm again. This time around, she tried to picture the whole process. She imagined the bag slowly, centimeter by centimeter expanding from the inside, she imagined the smallest threads growing, and to her delight, it happened before her very eyes. "Aces! It worked!""What? Did you manage a Wingardium Leviosa for the first time?" The woman mocked. Lucy had to be careful going back to Hogwarts— the amount of sass she picked up from both Mallory and Riddle was likely to hurt a lot of peoples' feelings."No— this expansion charm. I've been trying for half an hour," Lucy explained. She stuck her forearm inside and grinned. How big could she make it? It'd be nice if she could hide out in her satchel. Or her backpack— that would be way more useful.She expected a sarcastic reply, but Mallory actually stopped working to give Lucy a shocked look. "Let me see that," she said, and with a flick of her wand she summoned the satchel. She inspected it with great care and looked even more surprised, if that was possible. "Kid, even adult wizards have trouble casting an expansion charm. You're saying you did this in less than an hour? You didn't switch it out or anything?""No, I was just trying really hard," Lucy frowned. She hoped she didn't do it wrong.Mallory sent the satchel back to her. "Wipe that look off your face, kid! That was some impressive magic you did there, and that's coming from me. Maybe next summer I'll force you to work for me or something."Lucy tried not to look it, but secretly she felt very proud of herself. She didn't get many chances to practice spellwork, and it felt incredibly good whenever she could let loose and let her magic out. Sometimes her wand let out her yellow sparks as soon as she touched it— thankfully it wasn't enough of a spell to alert the Ministry of Magic.She started in on her soup, feeling herself become energized from the magical properties. Mallory was a genius, really. She had just given Mallory a few sickles when she caught a flash of platinum blonde hair right outside the shop. She got out of her chair to take a closer look and sure enough, Draco Malfoy stood outside, examining the food through the window."Oh, nice!" Lucy grinned at the thought of annoying someone. Mallory raised her eyebrows at her as she grabbed her things and left the shop.Malfoy noticed her as soon as she left, and he reflexively pulled a face at her. "Merlin, what are you doing here?" He scoffed. He looked around for anyone else following her. "Where's the Weasleys you came here with?"Lucy crossed her arms, but she couldn't help from grinning still. "I reckon they're all at home, since I came here myself.""Really?" Malfoy clearly approved of the idea. "How adventurous of you, Rochester. Have you become a Gryffindor recently?""All right, you can drop the attitude, Malfoy. Harry's not around," she said, rolling her eyes. As soon as she said 'Malfoy', Riddle came out of the diary to look. He did it so often now that she didn't give it a second thought. "Are you here shopping?""No. Father has business here; I came with anyway, there's a new pair of Quidditch gloves I want. Why are you here?" He asked, and she was glad to see that he dropped the sneer. Though he always looked full of himself– that would never change."Boredom," she shrugged. "I'm gonna go harass Lockhart. Want to come?"He arched an eyebrow at her. "Harass him how, exactly? And how do you know he's here?""He's here every Tuesday to take interviews. So far, I've sabatoged them all." She smirked just thinking about it. Lockhart told the employees to keep a lookout for his 'assailant', but no matter what Lucy always managed to turn something of his into stone. Last time it'd been his kerchief around his neck. She was certain the employees knew about it, but they all disliked the man so much that they let her do as she pleased.Malfoy tilted his head and said, "Might as well. If we get caught, you're taking the blame."Please. Lucy would pin the blame on him before he could blink an eye. "Of course," she said in a sincere voice. She took off toward Flourish and Blotts, pleased to note that Malfoy was actually following her. She half expected him to try and hex her and keep going but it looked like they were going to be frenemies for the rest of the day.She crept into the shop. It was easy to go unnoticed— since they'd received their list of supplies, Diagon Alley was always packed. She weaved between the shoppers and made her way up the flight of stairs overlooking Lockhart. To her amusement, Riddle crouched down beside her to watch as well. They were totally partners in crime.He was surrounded by photographers, reporters, and plenty of witches. She was willing to bet that half of them didn't believe his work—they just thought he was attractive. Well, she couldn't fault them there. Lockhart was very handsome. If he wasn't such a stupid git, she might like him, too.Malfoy crouched beside her and whispered, "what are you going to do?"She had to think about it. She had her usual tricks, of course, but she felt invigorated from Mallory's praise— she wanted to try something different. "Maybe turn something into stone. Unless you have any suggestions?"He thought about it for a few seconds before a sly grin overtook his face. "How evil are you feeling?" He said casually.How evil was she feeling? Please, Malfoy. She was always down to cross the line. Lucy fixed him with a serious stare. "Malfoy. I would set his robes on fire without giving it a second thought. Do not tempt me."He appeared to be very tempted to tell her to set his robes on fire, but he decided against it. "The Confundus Charm would look very well on a headline. Do you know it?"Did she know it? Please— that was on the first page of her book of charms and hexes. She grinned and discretely pointed her wand at Lockhart. "Confundo!" She whispered. To her immense satisfaction, the wisp of light hit him right in the back of the head. The trick was to think subtly so that the light wouldn't be glaringly obvious."And that's why I've won the Best Smile award—" Lockhart was boasting, but as the charm hit him, his smile faded and he looked around, half-in fear. "Wha... Where am I?! WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!"His team tried to calm him down, but Lockhart pushed through the crowd, his eyes wide in fear. Oops. It looked like Lucy had accidentally confused him to the point that he forgot he was a celebrity. Shame on her.Malfoy snickered from beside her while she only let a smirk onto her face. It was only when she felt a tall presence at her back that she realized someone had watched the entire thing."Having fun, Draco?" A low, drawling voice asked.They both straightened up and turned around. Lucy supposed this had to be Mr. Malfoy. He was very tall and had long, silky platinum blonde hair. She wondered if it was mandatory that all old Slytherins had to grow their hair long... she'd have to ask Riddle. Snape could take some pointers from Mr. Malfoy.Malfoy looked a bit sheepish at the sight of his father while Lucy simply smiled. He looked oddly familiar, but she couldn't place where she'd seen him before."Just a little," Malfoy said quickly. "It's not like Lockhart doesn't deserve it. He's a bigger fraud than Dumbledore."Well, yes, because Dumbledore didn't lie about his achievements, Lucy thought."I'm not saying he didn't deserve it," Mr. Malfoy smirked at the pair. He looked over to Lucy with an odd gleam in his eyes. "How rude of me. I'm Lucius Malfoy— and you're a friend of Draco's?""Sort of," Lucy and Draco said at the same time. Then they glared at each other. How dare they be in sync?Lucy extended her hand. "I'm Lucy Rochester," she said with a polite smile. "I'm your son's best friend. His most trustworthy confidant. Dare I say, closer than blood.""You are not," Malfoy hissed as Lucy shook hands with his father. He glared between the two. He wasn't happy they were meeting, let alone getting along.Mr. Malfoy gave her an amused smile, and she couldn't shake the feeling that he knew something she didn't. From what the Wealseys told her, Mr. Malfoy was the worst of the Malfoy bunch. He was a cold, slimy excuse for a man, according to them, yet he was standing before Lucy without so much as a sneer at her mugglish last name."It's nice to meet you, Lucy. My son's told me about you," Mr. Malfoy said. She cast Malfoy a questioning look, and he mouthed the word 'complained' back at her. Ah, that made sense. "I wish we could talk more, but Draco and I must be on our way. Don't be a stranger."Malfoy looked equally as disturbed as Lucy felt at Mr. Malfoy's nice attitude. She forced a smile and said, "I have to be going to. Lots of... Orphanage things to do... haha..."And with that, she blended into the crowd of people, her favorite spectre buddy following close behind. She shook her head as she went and shared a confused look with Riddle."I know that entire conversation was weird," she said aloud.Riddle nodded in agreement.The next morning, Lucy received a letter from Ron telling her they were going to meet in Diagon Alley in the afternoon rather than her floo to his home. He didn't apologize for the short notice— he knew she would likely be there anyway. But Lucy had an hour until she had to leave, and she intended to make the most of it.Lucy. What are you doing.She had tied her sheets around the sturdy rafters, and she hung upside down from them, her leg wrapped around the sheet as a failsafe. She'd left the diary propped up on her desk so she could still read it. Plus, Riddle could write bigger."Whatever do you mean, Tom?" She replied innocently. She maneuvered so that she was sitting on top of the rafter, resting her head on her hands.Get down from there! If you break your neck, Merlin knows who else is going to get their hands on this diary."Hmm... you know, I don't think I will get down from here. There's quite a nice view," Lucy said, laying on her back. "The stars are particularly bright tonight." She ignored the fact that it was both daytime and she was staring at a dirty old ceiling. She turned her head to look at the diary.Lucy..."What?" She replied.You know what. Get down! It's like talking to a Gryffindor!Lucy gasped. "You take that back!" Being compared to a Gryffindor was the highest offense.Then get down from there!She poked her tongue out at the diary and turned to face the ceiling again. "Then get down from there," she imitated, putting on an insulting cockney accent. "My name's Tom Riddle and I hare fun. Hah! Make me.""Maybe I will."Lucy absolutely shrieked and fell off the rafters. She thanked the heavens one that she thought to wrap her leg— she grabbed ahold of it and hoisted herself up, unwrapping her thigh so she could slide down onto the safe, stable ground. She still landed with a thump into a crouching position. "Okay, how the bloody fu—" she began, using the bed to pull herself up.She stopped short. Standing right in front of the diary was Tom Riddle. Now, she had made peace with the fact that he could become vapor, but that wasn't the case this time. This was a fully human, clearly distinguishable Tom Riddle. He was tall with sharp cheekbones and perfectly curled brown hair and icy blue eyes that could cut glass. Though he was slightly transparent, he was standing there, smirking evilly at Lucy's shocked state."Don't say I didn't warn you," Riddle taunted. He crossed his arms over his chest and looked incredibly smug.Lucy walked forward and waved her hand through him. It felt cold and tingly, like the vapor, but she couldn't feel anything solid. "What the— how long have you been able to do that?!" She demanded.Smirking, Riddle leaned against the wall. "About a week. I've been testing it out while you've been sleeping. All those trips to Diagon Alley did wonders for my energy.""And you didn't tell me this why?!" She demanded. She couldn't help but feel awed at standing in his presence— his real presence. Hopefully that would fade away, and she could get back to annoying him."I was saving it. What, you're not going to argue with me now that you can see me?" Riddle mocked.Lucy glared at him. She found it unsettling that he was leaving the diary while she was asleep, but she attributed that feeling to her being sore that he'd pulled a fast one on her. "You sound just as mean as I thought you would," she sniffed."I'm glad I've made your dreams come true. You're a lot shorter than I thought you'd be," He said, pushing off the wall. He started to walk around her room. It was still empty, but her friends sent her pictures of themselves that she had taped to her wall. She supposed he hadn't been able to see those in the dark of night."Okay, not like I'm only twelve or anything," Lucy grumbled. "Freaking Slytherins think they can come into my home and tell me my own stature."He didn't so much as glance at her. "I lived here first," he reminded. He looked at the picture Ginny took of Ron, Harry, and Lucy. In the picture, Lucy was balancing on Harry's broom nine feet in the air while Ron laughed at her and Harry frantically tried to make sure she didn't fall. "That would be The Boy-Who-Lived, correct?" Riddle's voice was clear of any emotion."Yep. He killed Old Voldy, all right. Murdered him in cold blood. It was very frightening, actually, he kicked him to death with his little baby feet. I was there, did you know?"He stared at her long and hard. The sad part was, he didn't look the slightest bit surprised by what horrors she just spewed at him. He simply looked dead inside."I'm going to pretend you didn't say anything after 'yep', and we're not going to mention it again. Understood?""I've already repressed it," she assured him."Good." Apparently she'd spoiled his interest in the pictures because he looked away and instead started to inspect his own diary. She couldn't bring herself to feel bad for it, either. He'd scared the daylights out of her and then called her short. Freaking diary man, thinking he can call people short. At least Lucy didn't live in a diary, so take that, Tom Riddle."It's a good thing you're getting your school supplies today," Riddle said, letting his eyes flicker over to her stack of books. "Now that you can hear me, I'm more willing to risk a trip to Knockturn Alley."Lucy perked up and beamed at Riddle. It still felt surreal, seeing him standing in front of her. "Really?" She said eagerly. "Will there be danger? Please tell me there'll be danger.""There'll be danger, all right," he said. He then fixed her with a stern look. "And you'd better learn to look mean while you're there.""What do you mean? I know how to act like I belong," she said, offended.He was unfazed. "That's well enough in Diagon Alley, but this is Knockturn Alley, Lucy. Looking professional isn't enough. There are people who are on the prowl for young girls like yourself. You need to look like you could set a man on fire without a second glance." He was deep in thought for a few seconds before he snapped his fingers, smirking at her. "Like what you did to that girl Jennifer. You need to act like that."He looked proud thinking back on the memory."I have to act evil? Oh, what a challenge," Lucy grinned. She didn't feel as bad as she probably should about behaving unpleasantly. The thought of setting someone trying to attack her on fire wasn't a terrible idea. She glanced at the clock, then started getting her things together. "Might as well leave now. I doubt Mrs. Weasley would let me slip into Knockturn Alley.""Remind me why you're meeting them in the first place?" Riddle said dryly."It's fun," she shrugged. That was all the reason she needed for anything. There was also the fact that they were all kind to her, and she cared about them— she didn't think he would understand that sentiment.Lucy yawned, though she didn't mean to, and rubbed at her eyes. Riddle arched an eyebrow at her and said, "You should stop at that Mallory's place. How many galleons have you got left?""Around fifty," she recalled. "There's also the Hogwarts fund— McGonagall said they'd put it into my vault."So basically, she'd have even more money left over after she refused to buy Lockhart's books. If she absolutely had to she would just borrow Megan's. Or steal Malfoy's without him knowing, either way she'd be fine.Lucy had long since perfected the route to Diagon Alley. She knew which alleys to dart through, the crossroads to avoid, and she even knew which city block had crossing guards to let her across. Her favorite part about it all was that nobody knew. This was something she could do that nobody else could— even Riddle never stayed out long enough. It was sort of silly, but she felt pleased with the fact that she'd created a path for herself.The bartender, Tom, waved at her as she entered, and she happily waved back. They weren't close or anything, but sometimes when she was on her way back the man would give her a free butterbeer. She didn't have the heart to tell him she didn't like butterbeer.Riddle stayed in the diary for now and Lucy was glad for it. His vaporous form was easy enough to ignore— she thought of it as a cloud familiar. A rather sassy one but at least he couldn't speak. Having Riddle appear out of the diary, fully... it made her wonder what kind of magic the real Tom Riddle used. Why did he feel it was necessary to make a copy of himself? What happened to the real Tom Riddle? After speaking to his Diary, she found it hard to believe that he worked in a shop until he died.She decided not to ask Riddle, at least not right now. How would he know, anyway? He was created, and he likely didn't know his future self's actions. She tried not to dwell on her doubts too much. Riddle was prickly, but he was damned useful and sometimes he was even nice to Lucy.Though the sign to Mallory's shop said it was closed, Lucy walked in anyway. If it was really closed, she would have locked it. Sure enough woman was sittingn in a conjured up armchair, smoking a cigar. She took it out of her mouth and raised her eyebrows at the girl. "Should've known you'd come in anyway. You're annoying like that. Make yourself something— I'm busy.""Mallory, what are you going to do with yourself once I'm gone?" Lucy said with an innocent smile."Probably have a lot more peace and quiet," Mallory replied, taking a puff out of the cigar.Lucy snorted then went behind the counter. She inspected all the ingredients; none of them were labeled, but the jars were all clear and she could see the different colors and properties of each one. "I don't suppose you have a cookbook anywhere?" She asked even though she knew the answer. Mallory was too paranoid to leave something like that around.True to her theory, Mallory didn't bother with a response. Lucy nodded and started making herself a sandwich. "You know what? Fine. I'll either get mad superpowers or die a horrible death. Either one is acceptable.""You'd better not," Riddle's voice warned. She glanced around for him but couldn't find anything. Great, she sighed, now he could speak aloud whenever he wanted to. That wouldn't startle her or anything.Lucy made the first thing she recalled trying at the shop. It was called Malady's, but since Lucy was special (and annoying) she got to call Mallory by her real name. The food was excellent, although she wouldn't dare take the Weasleys or Harry here— the woman didn't like muggles, or muggle lovers."That's the poison jar, kid," Mallory said without looking over. Lucy had just grabbed a jar of purple liquid. "The blue, sparkly one's what you're looking for.""Then why is the purple one labeled 'energy' and the other one's labeled 'poison'?""To kill any thieves."Lucy nodded. That was as good an answer as any. She made her sandwich, slapped a few sickles into the register, then started heading out. She ate half the sandwich in one bite."Oi, you just take my food and leave?" Mallory demanded. "Not even a 'Hello, Mallory'?""Hello, Mallory," she said with a cheeky grin. The woman narrowed her eyes at her. "I'll be back tomorrow— I'm going to Knockturn Alley," she explained."Really?" Mallory's annoyance disappeared. She perked up and stood from her armchair, turning it into a stool with a wave of her wand. "Hold on, kid, I got something for you to do while you're there."Great, a quest, she thought, but she didn't voice it aloud. She didn't mind doing things for Mallory, it was just the doing things portion of it that sucked.Mallory fished around in her back room and eventually came out with an ornate, black box. It looked lovely, Lucy noted, with golden trim traveling in elegant loops along the sides. As she took it into her hands, she was overcome with a strong urge to open it."Take this to Borgin and Burkes'," Mallory instructed. She caught the curiosity in Lucy's eyes and leveled her with a stern glare. "Don't open it– it'll kill you. Horribly. Borgin will send me the money through the mail, so don't let him scam you into anything. Oh, and try and look mean while you're down there.""See?"Tom said. Lucy fought the urge to pull a face at his smug tone."Aye-Aye, Captain," Lucy saluted and put the box in her satchel. "Anything else, malady?""Come in tomorrow so I know you're not dead." What's this? Was Mallory concerned for her wellbeing? "I want to make sure you didn't get robbed and get my box stolen."Oh. That made more sense.Lucy pulled a face at the woman, ignoring her laughter as she left the shop. She only had to turn right to enter Knockturn Alley. At this point, Riddle left the diary to walk beside her. He was less focused on looking at passerby's and more concerned with the shops lining the street. She couldn't read any emotions on him– somehow it was easier when he didn't have a face.She pulled her gaze away from him. She should be focusing on her surroundings, not Tom Riddle. Even if he was incredibly handsome. She didn't find it hard at all to 'look mean'. She imagined that everyone she saw was Jennifer, and that she had just lit each and every one of them on fire. The thought made her grin to herself like a madman.The shop windows were lined with all sorts of horrors, and Lucy liked the look of each and every one of them. At the far end of the alley were Borgin and Burkes was, she saw a shop with shrunken heads across from it. She stared at those long enough for Riddle to notice, and he stopped her train of thought with a stern, "Don't even think about it, Lucille.""I wasn't," she lied. He gave her a skeptical look; to avoid the temptation to go into the shrunken head store, she ducked into Borgin and Burkes.Out of everyone she expected to see there, she had to say she didn't think she'd run into the Malfoys. The door let out a small ring and Malfoy, Mr. Malfoy and a short man behind the front desk all turned to look at her.Malfoy looked appropriately outraged to see her there. "Lucy?" He and his father stared at her with identical looks of disbelief.She raised her eyebrows and tried appearing as innocent as possible. "Is there something on my face?" He couldn't muster a response. "No?" She repeated. "Good.""Are you lost, little girl?" the man behind the counter didn't bother hiding his distaste for Lucy. "Either way, you'd better get lost—""Mr. Borgin!" Mr. Malfoy said sharply. Lucy blinked at his tone as Mr. Borgin shot a wounded look his way. He rather looked like a beaten dog. "What Ms. Rochester does here is her business, and you'd do well not to question her!"Riddle raised his eyebrows at the man. He didn't understand why Mr. Malfoy was defending Lucy, but Riddle looked pleased all the same.Lucy nodded. "Yeah, what he said," she agreed with not much conviction. She pulled the box out of her satchel and moved past the watchful eyes of the Malfoys to place it on the counter.At once, Borgin's eyes lit up with interest. "Oh, wonderful.""Malady's orders," Lucy nodded. "Oh, and if you don't owl her by the end of the day, she says she'll burn you alive. So no pressure."Borgin was decidedly less excited to hear that. Though Mallory hadn't said anything along the lines of that, Lucy thought she'd find it funny. "Of course," he said quickly, and then he glanced at Mr. Malfoy. "If that will be all for you?" He said."Yes, I think so," Mr. Malfoy nodded curtly. His eyes glanced over at Lucy, who in turn glanced at Riddle."Borgin has a spellbook here. It's called 'Riddle's Book'. Tell him Mallory wants it— he seems to be afraid of her," he instructed."Malady needs something else," Lucy said. She pointedly glanced at Mr. Malfoy. "Something illicit," she added. If she got in trouble, she was offering him an out for deniability.Mr. Malfoy got the point and lay a hand on his son's shoulder. "Farewell, Lucy. Maybe we'll see each other later today.""You know it," she said, though internally she wanted to do anything but that.The Malfoys left, and Lucy turned to face Borgin. "Riddle's Book," she said. She wouldn't let the fact that Mr. Malfoy's influence had gone deter her."Riddle's Book?" Borgin repeated. He wrinkled up his nose. "Why on Earth would Malady want a useless thing like that? No one's been able to open it, not since—" he stopped himself short.Lucy arched an eyebrow at him. "Is there something Malady should know about this book?" Her voice took on a dangerous tone. From beside her, Riddle tried to fight a smirk and failed."No! It's only— when he stopped working here, he put a password on it. Nobody's been able to crack the damned thing.""Who cares? She wants it," Lucy said impatiently. Grumbling, Borgin left for the back room. He moved a few things around and in the meantime, she started poking around the shop.Riddle eyed her carefully. "Don't touch anything," he said.As soon as his back was turned, she went to touch a necklace, when he said sharply, "Lucy, do not! Can't you read? It's killed nineteen muggles!" She jerked her hand back quickly. He glared at her; all she could manage was a half apologetic, half amused look. "Bringing you here was a bad idea," he muttered to himself. "Insane girl."She didn't dare reply in case Borgin heard, but she pulled a face at the necklace, pretending it was Riddle's face. Borgin returned with a large, dusty old book in his hands. He slammed it on the desk and blew the dust off the cover. It took all of Lucy's willpower not to sneeze from it."Thank you," she said shortly, and she placed the book into her backpack. Her neck muscles strained at the force; the lightening charm must be wearing off.Borgin glared at her before disappearing into the back room again.It was then that a cabinet beside the front desk opened. And to Lucy's absolute shock, Harry Potter came stumbling out, clutching his broken glasses to his face. She took in his soot-stained appearance. "Someone had a hard time with the Floo, I'm guessing?" She couldn't help but smile slightly."Laugh it up," Harry muttered. He shot a nervous look at the back room. "Let's get out of here."He grabbed her arm and pulled her from the shop. Riddle shot them a glare before disappearing back into the journal. Figures, he never liked Harry for some reason— Riddle probably thought Voldemort had the right idea. He wouldn't be the first."What were you doing in there?" Harry asked once they reached the outside. "Who's Malady? And why on Earth was Malfoy's father being nice to you?""I made a friend with a lady who gives me food," Lucy told him. It wasn't free food, but hey, a place where she could practice spells of questionable ethics was hard to come by. "She's a little shady, but that's all right. As for Malfoy's dad... I don't know! It's creepy, right? Tell me I'm not the only one who finds it creepy!""It's so creepy," Harry agreed fervently. He stumbled along beside Lucy and while his hand was around her arm, it felt more like she was leading him.She tried her best to look mean, but the effect was somewhat dulled by the boy with broken glasses stumbling beside her. She wasn't the least bit surprised when an old witch appeared in front of them, holding a tray of whole human fingernails. Lucy shot her a disgusted look."Not lost, are you, dears?" The woman cackled, like it was inside joke. "I'll take care of you," she smiled darkly, reaching with her long fingers for Harry.Lucy's eyes flashed, and she had her wand pointed at the witch in an instant. "Stupefy!" She hissed. The light hit her in the chest, and the woman collapsed like a sack of flour.Harry shot her a half stunned, half relieved look. "Luce, just so you know, I support your questionable business practices," he said with a shaky laugh.She grinned and linked her arm through his. "I'm very glad to hear that." Her eyes then fell on the fingernails. What was that lady even selling them for...? If she was even selling them?They both jumped at Hagrid's sudden voice booming down the alleyway. "HARRY! What d'yeh think yer doin' down there?"Thank Merlin that Hagrid hadn't yelled out her name— that might have tainted her street credibility for future excursions. Hagrid pushed through the wizards and seized Harry by the scruff of the neck. He then noticed Lucy, and he became even more exasperated, if that was possible. "Lucy! Not yeh too!" He groaned."Please don't grab my neck, I'm fragile," Lucy told him.Hagrid settled for grabbing her shoulder, tugging her along. It was less for the worry of her running away and more because someone might grab them on the way out. It wouldn't do to underestimate Knockturn Alley, not for even a second.He led them through the twisting alleyway into the bright sunlight of Diagon Alley. There, he dropped Harry down and started trying to brush the soot off of him. It looked rather like a mother cat trying to clean its kitten.As amusing as it was, Lucy took over when Hagrid almost knocked Harry into a barrel of dragon dung. "Scourgify," she said, and instantly his clothes were spotless. Then she said, "Reparo," and fixed his glasses while she was at it."Thanks, Luce," Harry said gratefully. He fixed his glasses onto his nose and then peered up at Hagrid. "What were you doing down there, Hagrid?""I was lookin' get a Flesh-Eaton' Slug Repellent. They're ruining' the school cabbages. Yer not on yer own, yeh two?"Harry shook his head. "I'm staying with the Weasleys but we got separated," he explained. "I've got to go and find them..."The three of them began walking down the street. Lucy somehow convinced Hagrid to give her the world's best piggyback ride, and she towered over everyone else. Riddle came out for a moment to see what was happening but once he saw her, he sighed to himself and disappeared again.Served him right. Now who was short?"Harry! Harry! Over here!"Lucy could easily see Hermione at the top of the stairs to Gringotts. "It seems like I'm chopped liver, once again, Hagrid," she told the giant.Hagrid chuckled and reached to pat her on the hand. "Don' worry, she just hasn' seen yeh yet."Seeing as she was on the tallest set of shoulders, she found that hard to believe. But apparently Hermione's deduction skills had faded over the summer; she didn't notice Lucy until the Weasleys had finally arrived. It was quite amusing, seeing a pack of gingers sprinting up the street."Harry!" Mr. Weasley panted. "We hoped you'd only gone one grate too far... Molly's frantic— she's coming now—" he then looked up at Lucy. "I say! Lucy, we expected you half an hour ago!""I was with Harry," she said with a grin. Reluctantly, she slid off Hagrid's back and landed swiftly on the pavement. She stepped around the man.Hermione ran forward and tackled her into a hug. "It's nice to see you again, Lucy!" She said warmly.She patted her on the back with a laugh. "You too, Hermione."Once everything was all settled, and the hysteria over Harry's disappearance went down, they all headed into the bank. Harry was so busy telling them about Mr. Malfoy that nobody bothered to thank the goblin by the door."Thank you," she told the goblin."Thank you," Percy said after her.Lucy nodded at him, and he nodded back. At least he was civilized."You be careful, Arthur," Mrs. Weasley was saying. "That family's trouble. Don't go biting off more than you can chew—""You don't think I'm a match for Lucius Malfoy?" Mr. Weasley demanded. He couldn't be upset for long— he caught sight of Hermione's parents, standing nervously by the counter. They were both tall and positively radiated Mugglishness. It looked like Hermione had gotten her hair from her mother."But you're muggles!" Mr. Weasley said, delighted. "We must have a drink! What's that you've got there? Oh, you're changing muggle money. Molly, look!"Lucy shook her head, smiling fondly at the man. It was impossible to dislike Arthur Weasley. She didn't think the man had a mean bone in his body— at least not toward people who didn't deserve it.Harry and the Weasleys set off with a goblin while Lucy went with Hermione and her parents. Hermione's parents had already transferred the money they neede, but the Gryffindor girl was excited to see how the vaults worked, and the Granger couple didn't like the idea of a young girl going by herself."Hello," she greeted Mr and Mrs Granger pleasantly. "I'm the normal one.""You'd be Lucy?" Mr. Granger said hesitantly."And you're the normal one? You're sure?" Mrs. Granger glanced at her daughter.Lucy's jaw dropped, and she turned to point an accusing finger at Hermione. "You've been telling people I'm nuts, haven't you! I'll have you know I graduated top of my class—""You haven't graduated and you certainly aren't top of your class—""More lies, I tell you! All lies!"They bickered the rest of the way to the vaults, save for the ride down— she was having too much fun with the high speed. Gringotts had sent Lucy a letter saying that they'd deposited money from the Hogwarts fund into her vault. She noticed there was quite a sum of money in there— she figured it had to do with Lockhart's books, more than anything. She wondered where Hogwarts got its money. Did they have a tuition? That didn't seem fair. Especially considering the moving staircases, which were libel to break someone's neck one of these days."You didn't tell me you had a vault," Hermione said, giving Lucy a surprised look. "Mum and Dad set up mine today.""Oh, I came here awhile ago," Lucy said. "It's not too far from Wool's. Closer than Harry's house, anyway.""You should visit me, next summer," Hermione said hopefully.Lucy arched an eyebrow. She half expected her friend to lecture her on how dangerous traveling alone was— so far everyone else had. "No lecture?"Hermione smiled sheepishly. "I learned after last year that you've got a handle on things."She smiled back at her friend. Well, that was a relief. Hermione's nagging had gotten to be a bit much last year. It was better toward the end, certainly, and apparently more so over the summer. She was proud of her for loosening up. Who knows, maybe Lucy would manage to get her a second detention...Once they'd gotten Lucy's money, they met on the marble steps once more. Mrs. Weasley did a quick head count before nodding to herself. "We'll all meet at Flourish and Blotts in an hour to buy your schoolbooks," she said, starting to leave with Ginny. "And not one step down Knockturn Alley!" She looked at the twins but Lucy was offended to see that Mrs. Weasley's gaze flickered Ofer to her, too.Mrs. Weasley was right in her suspicions, but still— that was cold.The first thing Harry did was buy the four of them ice creams. They are companionably, all the while strolling down the street, looking at the shops that Lucy found so familiar by now. She particularly liked Monty's Artifact Emporium, which was a rather fancy name for a simple junk shop.Percy liked it, too, and he was particularly enamored by a book called Prefects Who Gained Power."A study of Hogwarts prefects and their later careers," Ron read off the back. "That sounds fascinating.""Go away," Percy snapped.Lucy snickered. It sounded like the type of boring book that Riddle would like... speaking of him, he hadn't left the diary in awhile. She figured that had more to do with the fact that she was hanging around blood traitors and 'mudbloods' and less that he was tired. If anything, she was tired— she was having fun, but she also felt like crawling into bed at any given moment.They reached Flourish and Blott's after an hour of poking around. At one point Lucy had to drag Harry away from buying a silly golden pair of reading glasses ("Your vision's too rubbish for anything like that," she'd told him), and he in turn had to tug her away from buying a toad. ("You'd just lose it," he told her.)She wasn't surprised to see the shop was crowded. Lockhart was here, signing books like always. She decided not to prank him, for now, and she stuck with Harry. He started gathering his books and when he noticed she wasn't getting anything, he shot her a confused look. "Have you already gotten yours?" He asked."Nope. And I won't be— I looked through them, they're all fairy-tale rubbish." Scratch that— at least fairy tales were entertaining and pleasant to read. The only book she'd bothered to get was The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2, and that was ages ago.Harry nodded. "I wish the Weasleys would do that too... seems like a waste." He then gasped and then reached into his pocket. "Oh! That reminds me– the bet!"Lucy groaned and held her hands up to push away the small pouch he offered her. "Harry, I told you, I don't need it!""And I told you that my honor would suffer!" Harry retorted. "If you don't take it, I'll make you partner with Ron in Herbology."Lucy's face turned pale as she recalled the horrors of Ron Weasley handling magical plants. "You wouldn't...""And I'll tell Hagrid you love his rock cakes."Now that was cruel! Harry knew she wasn't able to say no to that sweet man. If he offered her a rock cake, she would suck it up and eat it right in front of him to make him happy.Glaring, Lucy took the pouch into her hands. "I'll get you for this, Potter," she warned.Harry grinned and opened his mouth to reply, but he was cut off by the most horrible sound Lucy had ever heard: Gilderoy Lockhart's voice. "It can't be Harry Potter!" He shouted, and his gaze flickered to the mysterious pouch Harry had just handed her. "And he has a girlfriend!""Oh, son of a bi—" Lucy hissed, but Lockhart dove through the parting crowd to grab each of their arms, pulling them to the front. The crowd burst out laughing and to Lucy's immense displeasure, there were a few 'awwwws' too. Harry's face turned a deep red, but she felt too dead inside to be embarrassed."Nice big smile, Harry," Lockhart said pleasantly through his teeth. "Put your arm around your girlfriend, too.""Will I be paid?" Lucy asked dryly."I'll have my editor send you ten galleons," He said, less pleasantly.Oh, what the hell. Lucy grinned and threw her arms around Harry, whose face was too red to say anything. Okay, maybe she was a sellout, but she wanted to take Lockhart's money, dammit!Once the photoshoot was mostly over and Harry's embarrassment had reached its peak, Lockhart clapped his hands together to gain everybody's attention. "Ladies and gentleman," he said loudly. "What an extraordinary moment this is! The perfect moment for me to make a little announcement I've been sitting on for weeks. When Harry here stepped into Flourish and Blotts today, he only wanted to buy my biography– which I shall present to him now, free of charge–""You can't forget the autobiography," Lucy agreed dryly.Lockhart's smile didn't waver. "He had no idea that he would be getting much, much more than my book. He and his schoolmates will, in fact, be getting the real magical me. Yes, ladies and gentleman, I have great pleasure and pride in announcing that this September, I will be taking up the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!"Lucy felt as though someone had hit her over the head with a hammer. No, she wished someone would do that. Anything, literally anything would be better than what she'd just heard. As if things couldn't get worse enough, Lockhart then gave both her and Harry a set of his entire works.As soon as they managed to leave the crowd, Lucy dumped her books into Hermione's cauldron. "You take them," she said venomously.Hermione gave Lucy a pleased look and gave her a big hug. Nothing could soothe the decay taking place in Lucy's core."Bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter?" Malfoy scoffed. She had no idea where he came from, but he was standing right in front of Harry. "Famous Harry Potter. Can't even go into a book-shop without making the front page."Of course, now that someone didn't like Harry, Riddle decided to show up. He stood behind Lucy and since he towered above her, he could easily see everything. She rolled her eyes– he was such a boy, only deciding to show up when there were arguments happening."You know, Malfoy, I made the front page too," Lucy pointed out. "Maybe you should just, I don't know, be better."Malfoy scowled over at her. "I know you liked it, I don't even need to ask," he scoffed.Ginny glared at Malfoy, taking the mark against her friends personally. Although, Lucy wasn't offended in the slightest— she was laughing at it all."Leave them alone, they didn't want all that!" Ginny snapped. It was the first time she had really said anything in front of Harry. She wished she'd do so more— Ginny was a real firecracker."Potter, you've got yourself a girlfriend!" Malfoy jeered.Lucy gasped and looked straight at Harry, outraged. She held a hand over her heart. "We've been dating for five minutes, and you've already cheated on me?!" She demanded.Harry was mostly unbothered by Malfoy, so he had no trouble laughing. "Sorry, Luce," he joked. It was easier to laugh about it now that he wasn't stood in front of a crowd of people.Ron looked at Malfoy with a lazy sort of dislike, like Malfoy was as uninteresting as a pesky fly. "Oh, it's you," he said flatly. "Bet you're surprised to see Harry here, eh?""Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, Weasley," Malfoy retorted. "I suppose your parents will go hungry for a month to pay for all those."Ron started in on him, and Harry and Hermione had to hold him by his jacket. She sighed. Had he forgotten the last time he insulted her friends' families? It never went well. "Malfoy, we've been getting along recently— I really don't want to have to hex you." Then she pulled out her wand and gave him an evil grin. "But that doesn't mean I won't."Malfoy shot her an uneasy glance but was otherwise too pleased with himself to bother listening."It might be amusing," Riddle said from behind her. She looked up at him to find that he was also amused by everything. "If you're going to do it, use the shrinking charm. I've always wanted to know what it does to a human."While the thought of doing it to Malfoy wasn't as appealing, she felt a thrill go through her picturing it happen. "Don't tempt me," she warned him."Ron!" Mr. Weasley pushed through the crowd, tugging Fred and George behind him. "What are you doing? It's too crowded on here, let's go outside.""Well, well, well— Arthur Weasley.""And the award for the most dramatic entrance goes to... Lucius Malfoy!" Lucy whispered. She didn't say it too loud because she was in Mr. Malfoy's good graces — god knows why, but she wanted to keep it that way."Lucius," Mr. Weasley said coldly."Busy time at the Ministry, I hear... All those raids... I hope they're paying you overtime?"Lucy's eyes narrowed as Mr. Malfoy reached into Ginny's cauldron and took out a very obviously second— maybe third hand— transfiguration textbook. What did it matter if the book had been used before? It still had the same content. A newer book wouldn't make his precious son any better at transfiguration."Purebloods are ridiculous," she hissed. Though Hermione nodded in agreement, it'd been directed at Riddle.He looked down at her and tilted his head. She still found it so weird looking at his cohesive form. "In these aspects, I'd agree," he replied."Obviously not," Mr. Malfoy continued. "Dear me, what's the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if they don't even pay you well for it?""I'd have to argue that having a playground spat in public is disgraceful," Riddle intoned. He looked disgusted at Mr. Malfoy. "Very Un-Slytherin. Not what I'd expect from a Malfoy."Lucy nodded; he was referring to whom he described as one of his trustworthy classmates, Abraxas Malfoy. She figured the brain cells must have skipped a generation. Maybe two, but it was still a bit early to decide whether Draco was smart or not.There was suddenly a clanging noise, and Lucy had to duck to dodge Ginny's metal cauldron. It passed through Riddle and he looked furious at the fact that the pair of them had been the victims of two grown men's squabbles."Leave, before this gets worse," Riddle hissed at her.For once, Lucy listened to him. She slipped from the book shop as a crowd started to form around the fighting men. Riddle followed her closely behind and she could feel the cold sensation of his hand on her back. It was pointless since he couldn't push her along, but she got the point all the same."Two grown purebloods, brawling in public," he muttered darkly. "If a Malfoy behaves in such conduct, I shiver to think what's become of the Blacks. The Rosiers. The Lestranges. Lucy, what's happened to the Lestranges?"They were still walking fast, so no one would notice if she spoke aloud. Not that she would care, anyway— she was used to people thinking she was mad. "I don't know either of those names. I don't think a Black or Lestrange goes to Hogwarts. Maybe a Rosier has.""We'll have to look into that," he said, mostly to himself. He looked over his shoulder to make sure they had lost the rest of them. She felt bad for leaving without a goodbye, but good god that was a lot of second-hand embarrassment. "That man almost hit you with a cauldron. If I could have hexed him...""Mr. Weasley's harmless," Lucy said quickly. Riddle scoffed at her. "Alright, he's a Gryffindor," she admitted, "but harmless all the same.""You shouldn't go to their home anymore."The way he said it, it sounded more like a command. She felt herself grow irritated and she opened her mouth to argue, when Riddle held up a hand to stop her. "It's not because they're blood traitors, either. Think logically, Lucy. The school year will have almost started and you'll see all those... people... anyway. You should be preparing, going to Mallory's to practice spells. I know that woman doesn't let you use magic while you're there."She begrudgingly had to concede that he had a point. Mrs. Weasley about had a fit when she levitated the salt and pepper shaker over to Percy— something about it setting a 'bad example' for the other children. Now, while she greatly admired and appreciated Mrs. Weasley, she had to admit that the thought of living with her didn't sit well.Seeing her resolve fading, Riddle fought a smirk and continued with more vigor. "And you told me what happened in your previous year. Now that you're not involved in such dangerous things, it's time to prove that you're a capable student.""You just don't want to go there," Lucy grumbled. He wasn't bothered by her jab in the slightest; he'd clearly convinced her to stay away from the Burrow."Well, yes, there's that too," he allowed. "They're all so loud. If I had to hear that Weasley girl talk about Harry Potter one more time, I'd have asked you to throw me into the fire."Okay, Ginny didn't talk about Harry that much. They talked about other things too, like Quidditch and how stupid the twins were. He was just exaggerating— he did that a lot with things that annoyed him, like how when she had Hedwig, she would always peck at the diary when she got bored. He'd declared that Potter and his owl both had it out for him."I would never do that to my best friend!" Lucy gasped. She feigned horror at the thought."I'm leaving, partly because of that and partly because I'm tired," he told her with an unamused look on his face."You'll miss me," she assured him.He disappeared halfway through her sentence. She smiled to herself, shaking her head. She'd gotten along with Riddle just fine before, but seeing him physically, the emotions flicker across his face— it was like having an actual friend in her pocket. Or if friend was a strong word, maybe someone to annoy that she also got along with... In any case, she was extremely happy with her luck. She'd have to thank whoever slipped the diary into her bag— Riddle was so useful.She arrived at the Orphanage in short order, and she pulled out Riddle's Book, examining it. Borgin said nobody had been able to open it in half a century. Once again, she had further proof of Riddle's existence. He had worked there. Which, again, begged the question: how did Riddle know that?She decided to ask him. She grabbed a pen for convenience's sake and flipped open the diary, laying on her stomach.How'd you know Borgin had your book if you've been trapped in a diary for so long?Well, my counterpart didn't just make me and throw me away. That would be foolish. He wrote with me sometimes and consulted me. The last I'd heard from him, he said he'd go up to Hogwarts for a teaching position. I'm not sure if I ever got it..."You should have," she said aloud on accident. Oops. She'd have to kick that habit by the time September 1st rolled around. "You're a great teacher— you've taught me loads already."Am I really?"Definitely. Better than Quirrell, I'd say."But wasn't Lord Voldemort possessing him at the time?"Yes," she said. Truthfully she didn't know which times she was talking to Voldemort and which times she was talking to Quirrell. Maybe the times when he'd been impatient with her had been when she was talking to Voldemort? She didn't like to think about it too much— it unsettled her. "You're a better teacher than Voldemort, so I guess you can hold that mantle over your head!"...Great. Thank you, Lucy."Voldemort taught me how to play chess," she recalled. Ugh, that had been so frustrating— Quirrell, Voldemort, whoever had been a prissy son of a snitch that day.Sorry, what? Care to explain?"No," she said.Lucy. You're going to have to explain that.Grinning, she closed the diary and lay both that and Riddle's Book on her bedside table. "Goodnight, Tom," she said serenely."Lucy, you can't just leave it at that.""Can't hear you, I'm too busy sleeping.""Lucy!"

"Was your handwriting always this good, or did you put in a lot of hours for it?"It was a valid question in Lucy's opinion, but Riddle didn't seem to appreciate it. She had a week before she'd leave for her second year at Hogwarts, and she had spent most of it reading out of Riddle's Book. It was an album of his discoveries, spells he found useful, and notes on Dark creatures. She particularly liked the spells portion of it— there were only so many she could practice in Mallory's shop without the witch growing suspicious.Riddle sat with his legs crossed on her bed, and she sat next to him with the book open on her lap. He always finished reading before her– he was such a git– and whenever her attention would wander, he'd set her back on track. It was like having a tutor who wouldn't go away."Just read the book, Lucy. There's important information in there," he said instead of answering her question. Hah. He definitely spent hours practicing it.Her gaze wandered to his prefect badge and she snorted. "Such a prefect answer.""You'll be a prefect eventually if I have anything to do with it," he told her casually.She looked at him in absolute horror. "Merlin, I'd rather die!" She said, aghast. Her, wielding a prefect's badge? Having to look out for students? Be responsible? Attend meetings?Riddle scoffed and rolled his eyes at her dramatics. "Prefects get a lot of opportunities past Hogwarts. If the job you want was between you and a former prefect, they'll certainly choose the prefect.""Jokes on you, Riddle. I don't plan to get a job. I plan to wander off into a deep, mysterious forest and lose my mind to the secrets within." She said this so seriously that he actually looked disturbed for a few seconds. The more she thought about the idea, the more it appealed to her. Living in the forest with nothing but her wand, no laws and no one to stop her? She'd live like a king..."Quit being ridiculous," he scolded. He tilted his head to the side, thinking. "I do wonder– what do you actually want to be after Hogwarts?""An evil overlord," she said automatically."...Really?"Okay, he believed that? She stared at him blankly for a few seconds, but Riddle seemed to genuinely believe her. "No! Really, Tom, who plans that from the moment they're twelve?"He shifted slightly. "I've heard of it happening," he said. "Now answer the question."She huffed and stared ahead of her, thinking deeply. What did she want to do? "I don't know many wizarding careers," she admitted. She knew of healers, professors, and ministry workers, but none of those sounded very appealing. Mallory's shop sounded nice but it was mostly the shady dealings that excited her. "Something exciting. A little dangerous, too."Riddle nodded, and a small smirk pulled at the corners of his lips. "I think we would have gotten along greatly in my time.""Really?""Definitely. I didn't have quite your humor for tricks when I was your age, but I liked to get away with things." His eyes glimmered with excitement, thinking back on his Hogwarts days. "I think we would have made a great team."She smiled to herself. She imagined what it would have been like if she and Tom grew up in the orphanage at the same time, or even if they had met each other at Hogwarts. She'd have probably driven him mad— but the pranks they could pull together, the trouble they could get into."Well, in a way, we're going to Hogwarts together," she reminded, grinning. "For six more years, in fact.""If you don't lose the diary," he said dryly."Oh!" She set Riddle's Book to the side; she placed down in Riddle's legs, to his displeasure, and she reached across him to grab the satchel off her bedside table."Whether I'm a spectre or not, I don't appreciate you reaching through me," he scolded. She paid him no mind, and maybe 'accidentally' sent her elbow through his chest. "Now you're just being childish.""Dear me, am I twelve years old and behaving like a child? I give you my sincerest apologies, Mr. Riddle!"She finally managed to get ahold of herself and she placed the satchel on her lap. "Forgot to put a password on it," she explained, and she placed the tip of her wand to the satchel.He held out a hand to stop her but of course it phased through her hand. She pulled her wand back anyway, just to be polite. He didn't like reminders that he was a spectre— it was the reason he hated when people walked through him. "What are you doing? What if it counts as underaged magic?" He scolded her yet again.Yeesh, he might as well fight Anthony for the 'mum' title. She didn't dare voice this to him. Something told her he'd be very opposed to the comparison."Guess we'll find out," she shrugged. She placed her wand to the satchel again and said clearly, "Riddle." A green glow illuminated from within, and when she tried to open the satchel, it wouldn't budge. "Riddle," she said again, and it opened perfectly."That's... that's your password?"Normally when Riddle faltered on his words, it was because Lucy had said something so outrageous that his mind screeched to a sudden halt. But right now he was eyeing her carefully. He didn't look angry, but he certainly looked confused."Well, yeah. You're my friend, and the only reason I bought this satchel was to keep your diary safe," she said, shrugging. It wasn't a big deal. It made sense to her; she bought the satchel with money he stored, she bought it to talk to him in the first place, and his name was definitely easy to remember. "If you're worried about people knowing, I'll say it quietly. Not that I'll need to take it out much in the first place..."He stared at her for a long moment before scoffing, looking to the side. "You're so sentimental.""Well, one of us has got to be! If the world was all Toms and no Lucys, it'd be an awfully boring world, don't you think?"He didn't look at her but she could swear she saw a smile pull at his lips. She grinned to herself and grabbed Riddle's Book again, turning back to the page she left off. She started reading again. She almost didn't register Riddle's soft response:"It'd be awfully boring, indeed."September 1st had finally arrived, and Lucy felt absolutely exhausted. Weariness had become a normal state for her recently; she always felt her eyes drooping closed. She was usually able to shove her tiredness to the side, but this morning was different; she had a very busy day yesterday.Since it was her last day of summer, Lucy went to Diagon Alley and shared a tearful goodbye with Mallory. By that, she meant that Mallory sent a stinging hex to test her reflexes, and when she'd dodged out of the way, she told her, "Good riddance, kid." Lucy would remember to write to her.After that bit of business, she went to Knockturn Alley and bought a couple of fun items for the trip. By that, she meant that she bought books containing Dark Curses, Rituals, and Creatures. She also couldn't resist getting a shiny wrist watch. It whispered sinisterly at her when she wasn't paying attention, but she supposed that was part of the charm."Step away from the shrunken heads," Riddle had to snap at her more than once. Begrudgingly she listened. Now that she was walking to King's Cross, she couldn't help but wish she'd bought it anyway. Maybe she could pelt it at Lockhart's head in the middle of class...Riddle peered at her watch and made a displeased noise when he saw they were running late. "I told you to get everything ready last night," he scolded.Lucy pulled a face at him. "I had to get my beauty sleep! Looking this good doesn't come easy, you know."He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, completely and utterly done. "Good Merlin..."She sniffed and walked faster. Her owl, Snape, had flown ahead to the school and Grayble was content to trot along beside her.She'd gotten ready slowly this morning; it was too funny seeing Riddle get more antsy as the minutes passed. The result was fine, at least for her; she had managed to pleat her hair into a braid that hung over her shoulder, all the while he hissed at her to hurry up."What if we miss the train, Lucy? What happens then?" Riddle snapped, keeping his eyes locked on her watch."Then we walk to Hogwarts. Like men.""You are ridiculous.""And you're very charming. Is this how you made friends at Hogwarts, Tom?"He scoffed. "I was the perfect student at Hogwarts. Everybody loved me."She wanted to stop in her tracks for the dramatic effect, but it was clear that he wouldn't appreciate that. She admittedly was running short on time anyway. She settled for giving him an incredulous look. "What, did they fancy sarcastic prodigies that much back then?""I had the sense to turn on my charm. It wouldn't kill you to do the same," he told her."When have I been anything less than charming?" She demanded.It was his turn to gaze at her incredulously. He held up his hands and made a show of counting off his fingers, and then he switched hands to keep on going."All right, Riddle! You must think you're so funny!" Lucy glared at him, and she was pleased to note that the people walking by were completely unsettled by this child arguing at thin air."I do think I'm quite funny, actually," Riddle smirked. "Now, let us count how many times you've been less than charming: you threw all of the other orphans' clothes into the dryer wrong, so they'd either come out dyed or shrunken. And then you admitted it. Do you think that's very charming?""Honesty is an endearing quality," she argued."All right, then what about when Lockhart sent you ten galleons, you pocketed them and then sent off a letter saying you didn't get anything?"She hesitated. "Selective honesty is also an endearing quality."Although she didn't say it, Riddle clearly made his point. He smirked to himself. How she wished she could whack him on the arm...Fortunately, his taunting couldn't go on for long; they arrived at the platform with five minutes to spare. She viciously fist pumped the air, much to Riddle's displeasure, and then raced toward it. She caught sight of Harry and Ron standing before the entrance, both looking confused. She went to run through the barrier when Harry caught her arm, yanking her back."It's solid!" He told her quickly as she gave him a shocked look. "It's closed up!""That's ridiculous," Riddle said at once. He eyed Harry, disdain clear in his eyes. "He did it wrong."To test it out, she walked up to the platform and placed her hand. Any other day, it would have gone straight through— but sure enough, her her palm hit solid concrete. Her lips parted in shock. Had that ever happened before? She looked over to Riddle for an explaination, but his eyebrows were furrowed, deep in thought."Should've let her run into it, that would've been funny," Ron said. He rubbed his sore neck. By the state of his trolley, she supposed they had run full force into the barrier."It's not my fault you're such a Gryffindor," she said hotly. She knocked on the barrier again. Still nothing. "Now what are we supposed to do?"She had only been joking when she told Riddle she'd walk to Hogwarts, but now it seemed it was becoming a reality. And she absolutely would walk to Hogwarts if it came down to it. Hell, she'd crawl if it meant she didn't have to go back to Wool's.The clock struck eleven. Lucy stood there, fuming. Of course some nonsense like this would happen. Just when she was thinking things were going smoothly, the infamous 9 and 3/4 platform had to go and close on her.Harry and Ron stood there, stunned. She wasn't shocked so much as annoyed. It got worse when Riddle glared at her and told her smartly, "I told you so!"It was a good thing she couldn't reply in front of her friends; she wouldn't have had anything nice to say."It's gone," Ron said, gaping. "The train's left. What if Mum and Dad can't get back through to us? Have you got any Muggle money?"Harry laughed bitterly. "The Dursleys haven't given me pocket money for about six years.""What was the occasion?" She could help but wonder."Dudley wanted ice cream. They didn't count on there being enough left over for me, too."She fumed at this piece of information. She was all sorts of sour, and Hedwig's unhappy screeches certainly wasn't helping. Her hand twitched toward her wand for a silencing charm. Something told her Harry wouldn't appreciate that."I think we'd better go and wait by the car," Harry said, shooting a glance toward Hedwig. "We're attracting too much atten—""Harry!" Ron said suddenly. "The car!""The car," Lucy repeated, beginning to scowl. "Brilliant, Ron. Let's just drive over the mountains and lakes separating us from Hogwarts. How are you not a Ravenclaw?"Riddle's lips twitched into a smirk and it was only then that Lucy realized how rude that sounded. It was a tone better reserved for Slytherins. Damn Riddle and his infectious sarcasm.Ron grew up with plenty of brothers, so he wasn't bothered by her tone. "Well, if you're that set on it I suppose we could drive, but I was thinking more along the lines of flying it."Lucy stared at him. Ever so slowly, a smile grew on her features. "Ronald Weasley," she said breathlessly, "are you suggesting we fly your father's enchanted muggle car to to Hogwarts?""Yes," Ron and Harry said at the same time as Riddle said, "No!"She ignored him in favor of scooping Grayble into her arms."Can you fly it?" Harry asked eagerly."No problem." Ron wheeled his trolley to face the exit. "C'mon, let's go. If we hurry we'll be able to follow the Hogwart's Express."She felt a great thrill go through her as she pictured flying to Hogwarts in a car. How wicked would that be! Rickett would be so jealous, and she could just imagine the sights of it all... She excitedly followed her friends toward the exit.Then Riddle strode in front of her, bringing her to a halt. He glared furiously down at her and crossed his arms over his chest. She could swear she saw flames in his eyes. "You are not flying a car to Hogwarts!" He said forcefully.She tried to communicate with her eyes, Are you kidding me?"I'm serious, Lucy, this is an awful, idiotic plan! What'll happen if the car runs out of gas in the middle of the air? Not to mention all the muggles that could see you? Or, if somehow this doesn't end horribly, what happens when you arrive? Do you think the professors will be pleased to see three second years who have not only missed the train, but decided to fly an illegally enchanted car on their own accord with not even a muggle license?" He ranted. He stepped closer until he was towering over her. "I don't care how fun you think it'll be— you are not going with! If you do, not only will you prove your idiocy but you'll have sore luck getting any answers out of me!"Lucy didn't think she'd ever gotten a proper lecture since Professor McGonagall. She averted her eyes from him, feeling properly scolded. At least with McGonagall the woman had it wrong. The annoying thing about Riddle was that he was always right."Lucy, come on!" Harry called. He and Ron had travelled far ahead of her during Riddle's lecture. "We've got to hurry!"She stared at him and glanced at Riddle. He was still glaring down at her, daring her to take a step after him."Go on without me," she said with a heavy sigh."Without you?!" Ron demanded. "Have you been body-snatched? This'll be brilliant!"She was sure it would be."Do not," Riddle hissed."I'm afraid of heights," she lied. "Really, go on without me— I'll find another way."Harry and Ron looked crushed, but the thought of Riddle's wrath froze her in place. She knew when to test her luck and now was certainly not the time. Bloody hell, his glare was worse than McGonagall's...They eventually decided that they had wasted too much time, and they set off toward the exit again. Each step they took was agony to watch. After they'd disappeared, she gazed at Riddle miserably.His fury slowly faded, but he frowned at her. "Don't give me that look. You know I'm right.""It would have been so great," she agonized."Good Merlin, did you have any impulse control before you met me?" Riddle said incredulously. He shook his head, uncrossing his arms. "No matter. The Leaky Cauldron isn't too far away. Mallory will let you use her floo, I'm sure."She glumly nodded and started walking toward the exit. Grayble mewed in her arms, seeming to sense her disappointment. Riddle matched her pace and kept glancing at the girl. "There's no need to look so crushed," he said, a bit awkwardly as he searched for the right thing to say. "There'll be plenty of chances for excitement at Hogwarts.""As good as flying a car through the walls of the castle?" She sighed."Would making trips into the Forbidden Forest suffice?"Lucy snapped her head over to look at him. He grinned, pleased that he'd caught her attention. "What, surely you knew you'd be using these spells eventually?" He said innocently."You're not joking? You'll let me go in?" She said hopefully. With how opposed to danger he seemed, she never would have thought he'd suggest something like that."It's not you doing trouble that I find abhorrent. It's getting caught. If you're going to break the rules, do it discretely."She couldn't help it. She grinned, feeling all traces of sorrow wash away. Riddle smirked triumphantly at her and said, without any scorn, "Ridiculous girl."He disappeared into the diary, and she kept on her way to Diagon Alley. It took longer than she'd have liked. There was a lot of traffic today, and for once she couldn't find any crossing guards. To add to it, she kept losing track of the street signs and got herself lost. By the time she even reached the Leaky Cauldron, she knew the the train would shortly pull into Hogwarts.The sun was just about to set, and Lucy felt her eyes droop tiredly. She headed into Mallory's shop, and the sight in front of her certainly woke her up. She was used to it being barren during the daytime. At night, it was a different world. All sorts of witches and wizards were crowded around the tables. Each of them looked shady in their different way. She saw Mallory behind the counter, sending foods and drinks over to different tables with a wave of her wand.Her sharp vision caught sight of Lucy in no time. She was appropriately outraged. "You! Why aren't you at Hogwarts?" She demanded.Lucy walked through the shady crowd, giving no mind to their glares. She leaned against the counter and sighed deeply. "Someone closed the barrier, so I missed the train.""You're meaning to tell me you walked here..." Mallory said slowly. Lucy nodded. "From King's Cross." She nodded again. "Good Merlin, are you insane? Why didn't you summon the Knight's Bus?""The what?""No matter, I'll tell you later." She fixed up a mug of hot chocolate, sprinkled the blue powder into it, then shoved it into Lucy's hands. "Drink. And watch carefully; after the rush hour's over, I'll get you to Hogwarts."She nodded, growing to like Mallory even more at the woman's harsh kindness. She sipped at her drink and watched how Mallory interacted with the customers. In the muggle world, she surely would have been fired by upper management for speaking so brusquely. Good thing Mallory was the upper management. It was necessary, she noted. The customers were all frequenters of Knockturn Alley. They'd pounce on any weakness.A few times a wizard or witch would walk up to Lucy. Mallory sent a stinging hex their way and after the first few times, Lucy sent her own stinging hexes. Mallory sensed that she'd miss the feast and quickly fixed Lucy a meal, threatening to hex her if she didn't eat it. Slowly, but surely, the crowd dispersed out until only one or two stragglers remained.Mallory wiped a bead of sweat off her brow and turned to address Lucy. "Now that that's over with," she said breathlessly, "Let's get you to Hogwarts."She led Lucy into the back room. There was a spiral staircase that leaded upstairs to Mallory's flat. She stepped inside and at once took in how many dark artifacts there were. If she decided to sell, she could put Borgin and Burkes out of business... Lucy was impressed."Don't touch anything," Mallory said at once. She fished through cabinets until she found a jar of floo powder. She lit her fireplace and said clearly, "Severus Snape. And yes, it's urgent, you big git.""You know Professor Snape?" Lucy said, stunned."Know him? I taught the bastard Defense Against the Dark Arts. Sixth year. We trade ingredients."Lucy didn't know what to do with that information, so she set it aside. It took a few minutes, but sure enough, Professor Snape's face appeared in the fireplace."There is a feast going on, woman, what could you possibly—" Snape stopped short upon seeing Lucy standing by the woman. His face contorted into fury. "You! Why aren't you at the feast? I should have known–""Don't insult my kid," Mallory snapped. "Maybe if you'd bother to make sure your ruddy barriers work, she'd have made the train!""I know the type of troublemaker Rochester is full well—" Snape began."— and you think I don't? I'm well aware she's a nightmare! I also know that a young girl didn't walk across London for a prank!" Mallory snapped. She then turned to smirk at Lucy. "I should bring you around more often if it means he'll get this worked up."She smiled at the woman appreciatively. "I'd love to, but he sort of holds my grades in his hands, you see.""Don't worry. If he grades you unfairly, I'll kill him.""If you're quite done," Snape cut in bitterly. He took a long breath in through his nose. "You're cleared to floo in. And I hope you have an extraordinary explanation for your tardiness, Rochester.""I just gave you an explanation, didn't I?" Mallory said. "The barrier was closed. Seems like two of her friends didn't get through, either.""Oh." Snape's eyes gleamed with happiness. Lucy gulped and shared a disturbed look with Mallory. Nothing good could come from Snape's glee. "Hurry up, Rochester."Lucy turned to look at Mallory, and before the woman could argue, she hugged her. "Thanks," she said quickly. "I'll write you!" She pulled away and took a handful of floo powder into her hand. She said clearly, "Professor Snape's Office."The familiar, thrilling sensation of being pulled down a drain hit her, and in a moment she stood in Snape's fireplace. The professor loomed over her, grinning nastily. "What's this about Potter and Weasley? How did they intend to get here, if they aren't with you?"She opened her mouth, then closed it. "Hm. How to put this, Professor... Well, you see—"There was a tapping noise at the window. Both she and Snape looked out the half-window of the dungeon to see a black owl sitting, a copy of the Evening Prophet in its beak. He took it from the bird and unrolled it; whatever was on the front page made Snape's eyes light up with glee. "Oh," he said happily.Stuffing the paper into his robes, he turned to Lucy and pointed at a chair in front of his desk. "Sit," he ordered. "If I find you have moved, you'll be expelled sooner than you can say 'goodbye'. Don't think you're out of trouble..."He swept out of the room. Immediately, Lucy got out of the chair and started poking around his office. Riddle appeared too, scowling at where Snape had left."That's ridiculous, you haven't broken a single rule," he frowned."Ah, Snape threatens expulsion a lot." She sat in Snape's chair and put on her best scowl, hunching over. She lowered her voice. "My name is Severus Snape. I like to eat babies for dinner."Riddle stared at her. His lips twitched, and he shook his head. "You're awful.""Awful? I'll tell you what's awful, any sort of happiness!" She droned. She swept her arm in a Dracula-esque motion. "And babies! Babies are the worst!""Stop that, what if someone hears you?"She grinned and let her arm fall to her sides. "Then they'd all understand, 'cause Snape totally eats babies." She opened his drawer and started rifling through it.Riddle snorted and sat in the chair she had evacuated. "If this is how you behave at Hogwarts, I think this will be an interesting year.""Oh, you know it." She pulled out a red muggle pen and presented it to Riddle proudly. "Aha! I knew he had some dirty secret! Snape uses muggle pens to correct!""Shameful," he deadpanned. He then cocked his head to the side. "Put it away!" He said urgently, "I can hear them coming!"She wondered briefly how he could hear that and she couldn't, but she hastened to close the drawer anyway. She kept the pen as a souvenir. Riddle still stayed in her chair and she thought it'd be a bit too awkward to sit in him, so she leaned against Snape's desk, looking over the vials.Snape stormed in, a shivering Ron and Harry trailing behind him. "Rochester, sit!" He snapped at once.Riddle glared at the man and left the chair so that Lucy could sit down. She wasn't bothered by his tone— she was used to it, having had to sit through it for most of last year— but her older friend didn't take kindly to it."So," Snape began softly, closing the door. He turned to face them. "The train isn't good enough for the famous Harry Potter and his faithful sidekick Weasley. Wanted to arrive with a bang, did we, boys?"Lucy shifted in her seat and that was enough for Snape to cast her a warning glare. "What have you done with the car?" He directed the question at Harry, the supposed ringleader. He procured the newspaper from his cloak and unrolled it. "You were seen," he hissed. Sure enough, the headline read loud and bold, 'FLYING FORD ANGILA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES'.Riddle smirked and threw a pointed look at Lucy. "I told you," he said once again. She fought the urge to stick her tongue out at him."Two Muggles in London, convinced they saw an old car flying over the Post Office tower... at noon in Norfolk, Mrs. Hetty Bayliss, while hanging out her washing... Mr. Angus Fleet, of Peebles, reported to the police... Six or seven muggles in all. I believe your father works in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office?" Snape sneered at Ron. "Dear, dear... his own son..."Harry and Ron went as white as ghosts. Lucy found herself thankful for Riddle's maturity in not letting her go along, otherwise she'd feel as guilty as her friends. She hoped Mr. Weasley wouldn't get into any trouble... it wasn't like Muggles didn't make up stuff to keep them entertained anyway. Bigfoot, the Loch Ness Monster, the Mothman; talk of a flying car would fade on its own."I noticed, in my search of the park, that considerable damage seems to have been done to a very valuable Whomping Willow," Snape continued."Whomping Willow? Since when has Hogwarts had one of those?" Riddle mused to himself.She didn't know what that was, but it was evidently nothing good as Ron burst out, "That tree did more damage to us than we—""Silence!" He snapped. "Most unfortunately, you are not in my House and the decision to expel you does not rest with me. I shall go and fetch the people who do have that happy power. Wait here." His eyes turned over to Lucy, who had been watching this all unfold with a pleasant smile on her face. His nostrils flared, and he jabbed a finger in her direction. "If you move from that chair one more time..."He didn't finish the threat and stalked from the room. Riddle glared after him. "You hadn't even done anything," he said unhappily.She shrugged at him. She was used to Snape's unfairness. She turned her attention to Ron and Harry, who were staring at each other, white-faced."I think you two just made Snape's day," she told them. "I've never seen him happier, honestly."Neither of her friends replied, too glum to say anything."That's him happy?" Riddle scoffed. "I don't know why he thinks he has any superiority— Snape isn't a wizarding last name, is it?" He waited for her response before he realized that she couldn't speak in front of Ron and Harry. "Right. I'll be back."He disappeared, and Lucy sat in the chair in silence for ten long minutes. She was sorely tempted to get up to spite Professor Snape, but she decided not to push her luck. After all, she wasn't in trouble.Professor McGonagall strode into the room. She didn't look even the slightest bit amused. She raised her wand, and for a moment Lucy foolishly thought she might curse them, but she only lit the fireplace to allow some warmth to flow into the room. "Sir," she ordered at Ron and Harry.While she was stuck sitting in front of Snape's desk, her friends got to sit by the cozy fire. She bit back a scowl and instead scratched Grayble's chin.Ron and Harry launched into their explanation. About how the barrier didn't open, how they panicked, and she was touched when they said firmly that Lucy hadn't gone with them, that she was innocent. "— so we had no choice, Professor, we couldn't get on the train," Ron finished.Riddle had appeared again to watch the show. He leaned against Snape's desk, smirking at the Gryffindor's misfortune. Lucy herself wasn't bothered either; if she could inadvertently assist Voldemort without getting expelled, she was certain her friends would only get a slap on the wrist for this."Why didn't you send us a letter by owl? I believe you have an owl?" McGonagall said coldly to Harry. As Harry gaped at her, her gaze flickered over to Lucy. "And evidently, you did have a choice— Ms. Rochester here arrived just fine! That reminds me, how do you fit into all this, Rochester?""I walked to Diagon Alley, and someone let me use their floo," she said. Ron looked envious at the simplicity of it all. She felt sort of guilty, knowing she would have gone with in a heartbeat if it wasn't for Riddle."And you flooed to Professor Snape's Office? As simple as that?" McGonagall said sharply. "Who has access to this office?""Mallory, Professor. She taught Defense Against the Dark Arts here once," Lucy said quickly. McGonagall's suspicious look relaxed. She opened her mouth, presumably to ask how she knew Mallory in the first place, when a knock sounded at the office door.Snape opened it, happier than ever. Professor Dumbledore stood in the doorway. Riddle's jaw clenched at the sight of him. "Oh, wonderful," he said in a tight voice.Lucy glanced at him briefly before looking back to Dumbledore. She could understand why he disliked the old man. She was neutral more than anything, but if his stunt with the house cup was anything to go by, he must not have been very warm toward Slytherins."Please explain why you did this," Dumbledore said quietly. He looked at Ron and Harry. She wondered how he knew she was innocent. Better not to question it; for once in her life she wasn't the one in trouble, and it was all thanks to Riddle.Harry explained everything again, looking anywhere but the Headmaster's eyes. He kindly didn't mention who the car belonged to— she knew that Dumbledore was already aware, but to his credit he didn't ask any questions."We'll go and get our stuff," Ron said miserably. He went to rise out of his chair."What are you talking about, Weasley?" McGonagall snapped."Well, you're expelling us, aren't you?"Lucy snorted. Yeah, sure. Expelled. Two sets of furious eyes looked upon her. Snape due to the fact that they weren't in trouble, and McGonagall was angry in general. Oh, well. Lucy missed the Gryffindor professor all the same."Not today, Mr. Weasley," Dumbledore said. "But I must impress upon both of you the seriousness of what you have done. I will be writing to both your families tonight. I must also warn you that if you do anything like this again, I will have no choice but to expel you."Snape's face fell, and even Riddle looked surprised at the lack of punishment. "Professor Dumbledore, these boys have flouted the Decree for the Restriction of Underaged Wizardry, caused serious damage to an old and valuable tree— surely acts of this nature—" Snape tried to argue."It will be for Professor McGonagall to decide on these boys' punishments, Severus. They are in her House and are therefore her responsibility." He turned to Professor McGonagall. "I must go back to the feast, Minerva. I've got to give out a few notices. Come, Severus, there's a delicious-looking custard tart I want to sample—"He then looked over at Lucy, who sat in her chair quite nicely if she said so herself. She hadn't even fidgeted. His eyes twinkled at the sight of her.Riddle scoffed, "He uses a charm for that, I swear."Of course, the funniest thing Riddle said all evening had to be in the presence of Professor Dumbledore. She fought to keep the laugh bubbling up in her throat from coming out. If Dumbledore noticed, he didn't say anything. "As I understand it, you haven't done anything wrong, Lucy," he didn't hide his pleasantly surprised tone. "Come— I'm sure your friends are eagerly awaiting your arrival.""Leave your things, they'll appear in your dorm later," McGonagall added. She no longer looked angry at Lucy. In fact, she gave her an appraising look. "I'm glad to see you've been using your wits, Rochester. At least someone is."Harry winced, and Ron threw her another jealous look. She gave each of them an apologetic look as she took off her backpack and set Grayble on the floor. She went to take off her satchel. She thought better of it; she didn't want to leave Riddle's diary anywhere. The thought of someone stealing it was unbearable.She kept it around her shoulder and headed out the door with Professor Dumbledore. Snape stalked behind them, and Riddle walked alongside Lucy. He went from glancing at Dumbledore to examining the walls he no doubt hadn't seen in many years."New accessory, Lucy?" Dumbledore asked pleasantly as they made their way out of the dungeon. "I must get one for myself— alas, black isn't my color."She grinned. "I'm sure they've got one in purple, Professor.""Wonderful!" His eyes fell to the satchel again, and he asked, "Although, might I ask why you're bringing it to the feast?"Riddle glared darkly at him. Lucy didn't miss a beat: "I thought I'd smuggle some sweets for Nathan back at the orphanage. If that's all right, Professor," she tacked on at the end."Of course. How thoughtful of you," Dumbledore hummed."He doesn't believe you," Riddle said at once. He glowered at the Professor. "He's giving you that look. He's giving you the same look he gave me. Dumbledore never trusted me."She desperately wanted to ask what he meant, but she didn't dare in front of Snape and Dumbledore. She knew they were distrustful of her last year– well, Snape still was, that's a given– but she thought it'd all been cleared up after the incident with the Philosopher's Stone.She thought maybe Riddle was reading into things, but she quickly dismissed that thought. No, he wasn't one to be led astray by emotions, and he'd been right about everything so far. She frowned to herself. What had she done to merit such distrust? Hadn't she made it clear she would protect her friends to the best of her abilities? Assist them, even if it was dangerous? She liked to think she hadn't watched Quirrell die for the sport of it– she had the nightmares to prove it.They arrived at the Great Hall at last, and Lucy was in a sour mood. First off, she felt silly being the one one in her muggle clothes. She hadn't had the chance to change into her robes. Secondly, she arrived with both Snape and Dumbledore, which aroused many whispers from the other students.Riddle observed the Great Hall with a fond gleam in his eye. Her frown turned into a smile; it wasn't often she caught any boyishness in her diary-friend. He tried to hide all of it, but every so often it slipped out. She averted her gaze before he noticed. She didn't want to spoil it.Anthony caught sight of her, and he stoodon the table, cupping his hands over his mouth. "IS THAT YOU?! IS THAT MY PRECIOUS CUB?!" He yelled happily.Riddle looked at Anthony and then shot an aghast glance at Lucy. "Good Merlin, this is just one of your friends?" He demanded.Lucy beamed and ran toward the Hufflepuff table. Anthony leaped off the table and tackled her into a huge, warm hug. "I've been worried sick!" He screeched, dragging her over to the table. "Where were you? Are you alright? Were you sick? Did you eat dinner? Eat some dinner!"He piled an assortment of food onto Lucy's plate. It was perfect timing; the main food disappeared and was replaced with sweets, while she had her own plate. She laughed at Anthony's antics. "The barrier closer on me before I got in. I'm not sick, and I've already eaten dinner.""Eat some more!"Daisy rolled her eyes at the boy. "Leave the poor girl be, Rickett." She smiled over at Lucy. "I'm glad you made it in time, Lucy. What do you mean, the barrier closed?"Lucy recounted the day's events to her friends; they huddled around her, and she'd even managed to free up a spare place next to her for Riddle. He'd disappeared after Anthony screamed at her from across the Great Hall but there was always the chance he'd come back. She told them of the barrier closing, how she'd flooed in while Ron and Harry flew a car, and then, perhaps the most exciting part of it all, she pulled out a red pen."Woah..." Anthony leaned in to get a closer look. Cedric, Wayne, Hannah, and Susan all did too. "What's that?" He marveled."This," she said dramatically, "Is a muggle pen. And I retrieved it from none other than Severus Snape's desk!""His name is Severus?" Megan demanded, at the same time Wayne said, "You got it out of his desk?!""Well, what else was I supposed to do?" She said. She stuffed the pen back into her pocket. "I intend to slowly take his pens, so that he is forced to venture out into the muggle world to get more.""Anything but the muggle world!" Megan gasped.Wayne pointed a teasing finger at her. "Silence, muggleborn— you have no rights here."Megan made a show of fainting, and Daisy caught her in her arms. "She's a muggleborn, sir?" She said worriedly, "is it curable?""I'm afraid the only treatment is death," Wayne said grimly.Susan glanced up from her treacle tart to shoot the three of them a disparaging look. "And this has been Voldemort: The Play. Bravo. Will there be a sequel?""Where the hell was my part?" Lucy demanded."And mine!" Anthony added. He shook his head at the lot of them. "Where was the flavor? The rhythm? The swing?""Up your arse, I'd say," Cedric said wisely.Anthony just about launched himself across the table. "Why you little—" he began.Lucy burst out laughing, resting her head on the surface of the table. While this summer had been her best one yet, she basked in the warmth of Hogwarts. It'd been a rough start, certainly, but sitting here with her friends, she wouldn't trade it for the world."Welcome home," she said to herself.Riddle's voice surrounded her."Welcome home," he agreed.

Lucy tried her best to stay up with her friends, but she ended up falling asleep in the common room. When she woke up in the morning, she was in her bed. She chalked it up to Anthony's doing and started getting ready for the day. Normally she got up early, but by the time she woke up, all her friends were at the Great Hall.She wanted nothing more than to bury her face in her pillow and sleep for another week, but she knew that was impractical. First week of classes, and all that... plus, she now had the reputation of the 'good one', and she wanted to see how far that could get her. She heaved herself out of bed, showered, and dressed in her uniform for the first time in months.She picked up her satchel, slinging it around her shoulder. She couldn't forget her pocket buddy. "Morning, Riddle," she said out of habit."Good morning," he replied. He appeared sitting on the foot of her bed, looking carefully around the room. Since he'd taken on this form, he was always interested in examining his surroundings and watching people pass by. It was kind of endearing. "Late riser?" He asked, smirking. He knew full well what the Hufflepuffs had gotten up to."Late night," she corrected. She vaguely remembered Anthony and Cedric dueling on the tabletops while Megan collected bets in the background. She pulled a face, "Scratch that— weird night. Hufflepuffs are wild. Did Slytherin have any parties back in the Dark Ages?"His lips pursed at the mention of his age, and she snickered. He let it slide for now. It was too early to start arguing. "Usually, it was saved for Quidditch matches. I've heard rumors of Hufflepuff parties... I didn't think they were true.""Ugh, if you only knew," she groaned. Last year had been hellish. She'd arrive late from detentions to see a full on rave going on, and she'd have to push through excited fifth years and older just to get to bed. Thank God for silencing charms.She started on the confusing path toward the Great Hall. It took longer than last year. She was certain the castle had switched its corridors around over the summer; it sounded like the sort of thing Hogwarts would do. The castle never liked to stay the same shape for long, with its moving staircases and disappearing classrooms. Riddle stayed in the diary, and she was grateful for the silence. It was far too early to get into any proper trouble...She opened the door to the Great Hall.This was a mistake on her part."—LETTER FROM DUMBLEDORE LAST NIGHT, I THOUGHT YOUR FATHER WOULD DIE OF SHAME, WE DIDN'T BRING YOU UP TO BEHAVE LIKE THIS—""Oh, what the hell," She hissed as the loud, rattling shout rang through her ears."Great, a howler," Riddle's voice said sarcastically.Her eyes tracked for the offending object and sure enough, in front of Ron dangled a scarlet envelope. The opening flapped like a mouth would, and she decided then and there that it was the most annoying thing she had ever heard, and it must die instantly."—ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED- YOUR FATHER'S FACING AN INQUIRY—""Reducto!" She hissed. It was a good thing she had been practicing her aim at Mallory's, otherwise Ron would've had the equivalent of a large pack of firecrackers lighting in his face. The letter blew up into small, red shreds that fell into his porridge. At once, everyone looked to see who had done such a thing. She paid them no mind and continued to her table."That was an excellent use of the Reductor Curse," Daisy complimented her at once. "But as a prefect, I should impress upon you the dangers of performing a spell so close to other students."Lucy nodded, grinning. That was a fair enough request. She was lucky she hadn't gotten a detention, but that may have been due to the fact that none of the Professors could eat their breakfast with all the rattling."You know what, Locke? As a prefect, I commend Lucy for taking action!"Lucy froze. Then, ever so slowly, she met Anthony's eyes. Her gaze fell to the shiny golden badge glistening proudly on her robes. How did she not notice that last night? "No..." she said, horrified. "No... Anthony, they've gotten you, too... How could you stoop this low..? I trusted you...""That's what you're questioning?" Megan said incredulously. "Not the fact that that beast now has any sort of authoritative power?" She jerked a thumb in Anthony's general direction, ignoring the offended look he shot her way. "Not that God has abandoned us, and all that walks the Earth is the Devil?""You're getting into deep territory here, Megan, and I don't think I'm mentally ready for it right now," Lucy said. She was less horrified that Anthony had been chosen for prefect and more horrified that he accepted it. Where was his honor? Did all that time they spent together making fun of prefects mean nothing to him? "You're a sell-out, Rickett," she said coldly."I'm a sell-out?!" He demanded. He grabbed his book-bag off the floor and rifled through it, throwing out bits of crumpled paper along the way. Daisy shot him a disgusted look at his mess which he cheerfully ignored. Finally, he pulled out an old copy of The Daily Prophet and pointed at the headline.HARRY POTTER AND GIRLFRIEND CONNECT WITH GILDEROY LOCKHARTOn the front page, she had her arms around Harry, and he was blushing furiously at the camera. The twenty galleons in her satchel now felt extremely heavy. She held up a finger to defend herself. "Listen—" she began, then stopped. "Hm. Well, I'm an innocent little orphan, so I get a pass.""Don't you pull the orphan card on me, Lucille Rochester, when I have been your mum since I met you!""He's got you there," Cedric pointed out."Shut up, Cedric. You have detention," Anthony said automatically."What the hell, Anthony?!""Double detention!""Revoked, and I'll talk to Sprout if you give out any more unfair detentions," Daisy warned.Anthony stared at her for a good few seconds. His shoulders slumped, and he looked to the side. "Daisy, love, I didn't want to have to do this, but you leave me no choice." He then looked her straight in the eyes, abandoned all his morals, and said, "Detention."Lucy laughed as Daisy started arguing furiously with the boy. He really should not have been allowed to be a prefect. He and Daisy would never change— although strangely, they were friends, even though they made each other raving mad all the time. Anthony had that effect on people. He was a kind, caring boy and she loved him dearly, but he also had the ability to be the biggest pest on the planet.Maybe that's where she got it from.She was disappointed when Professor Sprout handed them their schedules— she wanted breakfast to last forever, and Daisy and Cedric were dangerously close to hexing Anthony — but she soon brightened when she saw her first class of the day. Herbology with the Gryffindors."Dibs on Wayne, Susan, and Hannah," Megan said once she read her schedule. She gave Lucy an apologetic look. "Sorry, Lucy, you're just an absolute madwoman when it comes to herbology.""Need I remind you that you lot got me detention in Herbology?" Lucy demanded. She could admit she was a menace in other classes like potions, but Herbology was the one class she didn't act like a git in. She found it so incredibly mind-numbing that it was impossible to be her worst self."Still, I'm not taking any chances," Megan shrugged."You know what? I think I'll be a Gryffindor for the day." Lucy sniffed. She made a show of flipping her long hair over her shoulder, and she flounced off to the Gryffindor table. "Hello, lovely friends," she greeted."Look, it's the goody-two-shoes," Ron said, only half-joking. He was still bitter she had gotten off scot free. Maybe even mad she hadn't tried to convince them. "How's it feel not being in trouble?""You're kidding, right?" she scoffed. "I'm jealous. You made the entrance of a lifetime! Flying a car across the country into— what was it, a Whomping Willow? All I did was floo to Snape's office.""I hope Mr. Weasley won't be in trouble," Harry frowned.Privately, Lucy thought that if Mr. Weasley didn't want to be in trouble, he shouldn't have enchanted a flying car in the first place. She didn't voice this aloud; something told her Ron wouldn't appreciate it. She settled for grabbing each of the sulking boys' sleeves and tugging them along to the greenhouses.She waited outside with her friends, shooting yellow sparks into the air out of boredom. She liked to try and make them form shapes— as of most recently, she'd perfected the rabbit shape. Hermione watched approvingly, and she tried it out for herself. It was a huge change from last year where she was certain the Gryffindor would have scolded her. Now they stood outside the greenhouse, making their animal-shaped sparks dance around each other.Her good mood plummeted when she saw Professor Sprout stride across the lawn with none other than Gilderoy Lockhart trailing behind her.She wondered how the Reductor Curse would affect his blonde locks of hair."Oh, hello there!" Lockhart beamed at the students, as if they were here to see him instead of attending class. "Just showing Professor Sprout the right way to doctor a Whomping Willow! But I don't want you running away with the idea that I'm better off at Herbology than she is! I just happen to have met several of these exotic plants on my travels...""Hex him," Riddle said automatically. Though she was sorely tempted to, there were too many witnesses."Greenhouse three today, chaps!" Professor Sprout grunted. Lucy didn't know the woman had a setting other than cheerful.Lucy, suspicious of Lockhart's presence, linked her arm through Harry's as they headed into the greenhouse. He gave her a surprised look but didn't argue. Her suspicions were founded when Lockhart's hand shot out to block Harry, and by default her, from entering."Harry! I've been wanting a word- you don't mind if he's a couple minutes late, do you, Professor Sprout?"Sprout grit her teeth, and Lockhart looked to Lucy. "And you don't mind if I steal your boyfriend, do you?""As a matter of fact," Lucy said pleasantly, "I do."With that, she pushed through Lockhart's arm and pulled Harry into the greenhouse with her. At best, Lockhart would think her dedication was admirable and a testament to Harry's fame. At worst, he'd think she was a controlling girlfriend and warn Harry to stay away from her. Either way, she didn't care.Harry gave her a pleased look. "You're a genius, you know that, Luce?""I should have hexed him," she sighed. Later, she promised herself.She joined Ron, Harry, and Hermione at a table. Sprout took her place behind a trestle bench and folded her hands in front of her. She looked more cheerful than before, in part due to Lucy's rough shove past Lockhart. "We'll be repotting Mandrakes today. Now, who can tell me the properties of the Mandrake?"At once, Lucy raised her hand. Professor Sprout looked to her hopefully; she had never raised her hand in class before. Was the troublesome Lucille Rochester finally turning over a new leaf? Even Hermione marveled at her."Ms. Rochester?""A mandrake, Professor Sprout, is another word for a male dragon," Lucy said, with all the confidence of a woman who had long since graduated Wizarding College.She heard Riddle heave a great sigh. She fought to keep a straight face; god, she loved disappointing him.The entire class save for Hermione started snickering. Lucy looked around at them, mock confused. "What? Was it something I said?""Excellent effort, Rochester," Professor Sprout sighed, "I'd suggest you do a little more reading, but thank you for trying. Ms. Granger?""Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative. It is used to return people who have been transfigured or cursed to their original state," Hermione recited. Lucy had read the textbook already, and she was certain her friend had said the definition word for word from the book."And does that include male dragons?" Lucy added.Another sigh. "No, Ms. Rochester. Dragons are too big for a single mandrake to take care of. Now, can anyone tell me why the Mandrake is so dangerous, despite its properties alleviating curses?"Hermione raised her hand again. "The cry of the Mandrake is fatal to anyone who hears it.""Ten points, Ms Granger. And no, Rochester, the cry is not strong enough to affect male dragons— they are giant."Lucy slowly lowered her hand."Now, the Mandrakes we have here are still very young, so the cry of the Mandrake will not kill any of you— nevertheless, it is in your best interest to make sure your earmuffs are tightly fastened on, unless you'd like to spend your first day passed out.""I wouldn't mind," Lucy said thoughtfully."I would," Riddle replied."You're no fun, Riddle," she huffed.From beside her, Ron raised his eyebrows. "What was that?"Oh, oops. She forgot no one else could hear Riddle. Still, she was nothing if not a good liar. "I said I wish I could play the fiddle," she said with all seriousness. "Can you imagine it? Snape starts in on one of his rampages, and I pull out a fiddle and bring him to tears with my symphonies. Wouldn't that be brilliant?"Ron stared at her, and he slowly pat her on the hand. "Get some sleep tonight, Lucy," he said kindly. "I think it will help you.""No, it won't," Hermione snorted. "She's mad—" catching her affronted look, she hastily added, "—and we love her very dearly for it.""That's what I thought," Lucy sniffed. She hoped she wouldn't have to actually buy a fiddle now. She'd do an awful lot to keep people from finding Riddle, but she wasn't sure if playing a violin in Snape's face was one of those things.They finally began working. There was a mad scramble at the beginning as everyone tried to grab a pair of earmuffs that wasn't fuzzy or pink. Lucy, however, went for the most obnoxious pair she could find— a dirty pair near the back of the bench. They were neon green and were twice as fuzzy as everyone else's.Harry examined her pair with amusement. "Starting a new trend, Luce?" He joked, nudging her with his elbow."I'm going to usurp your celebrity status, Potter," she grinned. "You'd better watch out.""Feel free," he snorted. "Maybe you'll be the next Lockhart.""Oh, I can only dream!"Lucy rather enjoyed handling the Mandrakes. They were ugly, ghastly little things. The earmuffs blocked out all sound, but she could see the baby Mandrake clearly screaming at the top of its lungs. It kicked at her and tried to hit her with its little fists, but she quickly remedied that with a sharp blow to its head. Good thing Sprout didn't see it— she didn't think they were supposed to hit the plants."Genius," Harry mouthed at her, and he did the same. Soon enough, the entire class was hitting the defenseless baby Mandrakes, all the while Sprout stared at them uneasily. They weren't actually babies and they couldn't even feel pain, but the visual of a class filled with children hitting wooden babies must have been awfully unnerving for the Professor.They finished up, sweaty and coated from dirt from the task. Lucy kept the earmuffs. Sprout saw her take them, but they were so ugly that the Professor didn't argue."I'm a trend setter, all right," Lucy said cheerfully as they made their way back to the castle. She cast a scourgify on her friends as they walked. "Hitting baby mandrakes might be the next big thing. I ought to trademark it. You need to capitalize on your fame, Potter— then maybe you'll be as wonderful and handsome as me!""Oh, please tell me more, Mr. Lockhart," Harry said sarcastically.She flipped her hair over her shoulder and smirked at him. "I can't give you all my secrets, Potter!" she scolded, waggling a finger at him. "If everyone was a celebrity, who would appreciate my smile? Have you seen my smile? It's gorgeous, isn't it? Tell me it's gorgeous."Hermione sniffed and crossed her arms over her chest. "You shouldn't be impersonating a professor, Lucy," she scolded."I'd hardly call him a professor, seeing as it's his first year," Ron scoffed. "Did you see him lecturing Professor Sprout? I've never seen her look angry before.""Well you lot are the poor bastards who have to see him today," Lucy said. "I don't have him 'til tomorrow. Good thing, that— now I have time to plot his downfall.""Usually when you're planning someone's death, you don't want to announce it, Luce," Harry said humorously. She shrugged, grinning. She knew her friends wouldn't rat her out. Even Hermione wouldn't, although she'd certainly disapprove.They reached the castle, and Harry pulled out his schedule to check it. "We've got transfiguration next. What about you?""History of Magic," she said, pulling a face. "See you then, yeah?" It took ten minutes of Binns droning before Lucy decided it wasn't worth it. This 'good student' thing she had planned on? Nope, it was not going to happen this year. How could anyone do this?Around her, her friends were passed out, snoring lightly into their arms. Even Susan was asleep and she was the most attentive of the bunch, normally taking notes for everyone. Suffice to say, nobody was having fun.She flipped open the diary and wrote, I'm out of here.What do you mean?You'll see.She stowed the book away and hesitantly stood from her seat. Professor Binns didn't so much as glance her way. Slowly, she took a step toward the door. Still nothing."Hey, Binns!" She tried.The ghost glanced her way disinterestedly before turning back to his text book."Say nothing if I can leave." A long lapse of silence. Lucy grinned. "Great, thanks!"Justin, the only awake student, sent her an envious look as she snuck out of the room. She knew he wouldn't snitch, but she still hurried through the hallway. It wouldn't do for a professor to catch her..."What happened to turning a new leaf?" Riddle said, falling into step beside her. She wasn't sure if it was a trick of the light, but it was harder to see through him."I've decided it's lame and dumb, so I'm not going to do that," she said, rounding the corner. She dropped her backpack at a window. "How's a walk through the Forbidden Forest sound?""No one will look for you?" He smirked, following her as she headed outside. It was a clear, warm day, with hardly a cloud in the sky— too good of weather to stay in a class like History of Magic."Nope," Lucy shook her head. She doubted Binns even realized there were students in his classroom, and after History, she'd have lunch. Plenty of time to have a little adventure.Riddle didn't argue with her about going into the forest. She was surprised, since he tried to keep her out of trouble all other times. "What? No complaints?" She said, raising her eyebrows at the boy. "I'm not allowed to fly cars, but I'm allowed to walk through a dangerous forest?""Please, the Forbidden Forest isn't dangerous," he scoffed. "Not when you're with me."Lucy snorted. "Well, aren't you sure of yourself? Arrogance isn't very proper, Mr. Riddle."They walked into the forest, Riddle following her closely behind. She didn't think she could ever get used to the cold feeling at her back— it was like he was there, but not really. Would it kill him to give a little personal space?"Is it arrogance, if it's true?" He said rhetorically. He subtly guided her off the path, so they were walking through the thicket. She was thrown back to last year when she had done this exact same thing, only to see Voldemort slurping blood from a unicorn. Not radical of him at all— killing unicorns was gross.She nudged him with her elbow, ignoring his offended look as it went through him. He hated reminders that he wasn't fully human. "It's still arrogance. I bet it took you years to build up your courage to come in here. Actually, I bet you didn't step foot into the Forbidden Forest!""I know every corner of these woods," Riddle said, growing more offended as the seconds passed. Hardly anyone talked back to him before Lucy came along. "And I was top of my class.""Oh, yeah? Which of us has graduated?""Neither.""Gotten a job? Had kids?""Neither, what are you—" He stopped himself, realizing she was egging him on. He glared at her. "You're a horrible girl."They reached a clearing, bigger than the one she saw last year. It amazed her how beautiful the forest was, even in the daylight. The trees cast purple shadows, and she could swear a mist lingered in the air— it was coming from a nearby creek. Kicking off her shoes, she took off her socks and headed over to the water."What are you doing?" Riddle sighed, following her."I think you know what I'm doing, Riddle." She stepped into the creek, lifting her skirt above her knees so she could walk through. She started looking for fish to catch. "Honestly, did you ever live when you attended Hogwarts? Haven't you ever wanted to have fun?""I had fun," he muttered."Really?"She examined the clear water, keeping an eye out for any fish. She saw a few tiny ones, but every so often a bigger, chrome fish would flit about. She wanted it."Yes, really," he rolled his eyes. " I would tell you, but I feel as if it's always been mesharing everything. Why don't you tell me something for once?"Here he goes again, Lucy thought dryly. He always nagged her to open up to him— which, was gross! Why would she want to talk about feelings when she could ask him about neat spells?Although, she did have to concede he did have a point. He told her plenty of things about his life, sometimes unprompted. He scared the other children at Wool's— she could respect that— and at Hogwarts, he visited the Restricted Section of the library to copy books on the Dark Arts. (She was going to try that.) He told her his favorite types of spells, favorite classes, all the students he disliked, sometimes he told her petty drama that had gone on during his school days..."Alright," she huffed. She sat down on a purple rock sticking out of the water, her feet still in the cool water. "What do you want to know about me, O' Mighty Riddle?""That's actually got a ring to it," Riddle smirked. "How about My Lord? Or your highness while you're at it?"She stared at him blankly. "You're horrible. Start talking.""Why don't you tell me about your first year?" Riddle suggested. He sat on the ground near the creek, propping his chin on his hands."You mean the year I saw the life drain from my professor's eyes? Oh, it was a blast and a half." Lucy said this so casually that Riddle almost didn't process it."That must have been very traumatic," he said in a sympathetic voice."I mean, he did try and kill Harry, so I guess he kind of deserved it," Lucy shrugged.Looking back on it, she couldn't completely blame Quirrell for his actions. He had Lord Voldemort watching his every move, sucking the life force from him over the course of the year. She didn't know what she'd do if something like that happened to her..."You really care for Harry Potter, don't you?" Riddle tried and failed to hide his disdain for the boy.She had an idea of why he didn't like him. Riddle spent his career at Hogwarts trying to build himself above his peers and gain the adoration of his teachers. He'd worked hard for it, and he succeeded. Now he caught wind of some boy who was famous for something that he didn't even try for. She understood why he wasn't happy, but if anyone said a word against Harry Potter, she may have to fight them."Of course. Have you met him?" Riddle opened his mouth to reply and she cut across him. "Okay, I know you haven't met him– Harry's the nicest person in the whole world! He always looks out for his friends, even if he thinks they're in the wrong. Hell, he thought Snape was brainwashing me for a full year but he still looked out for me! If you could have seen how he stood against Quirrell... he's brave, he's kind– he's a hero. Not just 'cause he roundhouse kicked Voldemort as a baby, he doesn't care about any of that, he's genuinely kind in his day to day life, standing up for people even if he's not friends with them– he's just so freaking great!"Once Lucy's rant was over, she looked over at Riddle, somewhat sheepishly. Okay, she might have gotten a little carried away... but Harry Potter was her best friend in the whole world, and he deserved more, dammit!"I guess I can understand why you like him," Riddle conceded unhappily. "But I just can't fathom how a baby– an infant defeated the greatest wizard of all time.""Riddle, I hate to break it to you, but Voldemort's not that smart," she told him.Riddle glared daggers at her."I'm just saying! I spent the first half of my year heckling him and accusing him of dark secrets, and the moment I told him 'hey, I'd like to join you after all', he didn't question it for a second! I mean I know I'm loveable, but blimey," she huffed. "I'm sure he was plenty smart in the first wizarding war— I've read the books, he almost won if it wasn't for Harry— but recently, he's just not living up to the legends. Never meet your heroes, Riddle.""He almost won the first wizarding war," He repeated, and he didn't look as angry. More thoughtful. "What changed, I wonder?""Beats me," Lucy shrugged. "Maybe if he spent less time trying to kill my best friend, he might actually get something done."Riddle didn't say anything, but he stared at the tree canopy above, thinking to himself. She could see the wheels turning in his head. Had she talked some sense into him? Ever since she told him about Lord Voldemort, he had looked up to the man. She could partly understand that. Maybe Voldemort was great, once. He was the most feared wizard of all time for a reason. But his vision had shifted over time, and he went from trying to rule the world from trying to kill a boy.He wanted the world? She could forgive that. Didn't everyone, in one way or another? But if he so much as lay a finger on Harry... Well, she hoped Lord Voldemort was ready for a new enemy, because she would go to the ends of the earth to protect her friends.Riddle's voice stirred her out of her thoughts. "I think you're on to something, Lucy," he mused. "Maybe Lord Voldemort shouldn't have lost sight of his vision."Lucy nodded. The water was beginning to feel cold around her ankles. Stepping out of the water, she looked further into the forest."So, do you want to go and fight a magic bear?""Do I want to what?"Lucy didn't reply. She grabbed her shoes and took off deeper into the woods."Lucy!" Riddle called after her. She disappeared into the tree line, and he sighed, feeling his senses tug in her direction. He started walking after her, intent on finishing the conversation."Ridiculous girl," he muttered to himself. But slowly, a sinister smile pulled at his lips. "But incredibly useful..."Her wild laughter rang in the distance, and he could vaguely hear a horrible roar of a beast. His eyes widened, and he started running in her direction."And also incredibly stupid!"

She had not found a magical bear, to her disappointment, but she had run into a particularly grumpy river troll. It was smaller than the last troll she'd seen— although that wasn't much of a comfort. The last troll had been fourteen feet tall. This one was nine feet tall. It had thick, purple fur, and two short horns sprouted out of its head.Most importantly, it was lumbering toward her, a huge boulder in its hands."Only you could have stumbled across a river troll!" Riddle hissed at her. "There isn't even a river!" Lucy paid him no attention; she had to quickly dodge out of the way of the boulder. It smashed into the earth beside her— instead of fear, a great thrill went through her."Where's your bridge, loser!" She yelled at the troll."Not the time!"The troll sensed it had been insulted, and it let out a roar louder than before, cheating at her. Should she be scared? Nah, if Harry could do it, so could she. She let out a delighted laugh and dodged out of the way at the last moment. The troll hadn't stopped in time, and it smacked against the tree. The trunk creaked and groaned under the troll's weight."They're not too bright, are they?" She laughed, darting away from the troll. Riddle watched tersely from the sidelines. He despised every moment of this– he signed up for a peaceful walk through the woods, not fighting a bloody river troll. She gave him what she hoped was a reassuring smile. "Don't worry, Riddle, I was born to fight a troll. Harry did it, Quirrell did it— it's my turn!"In her distraction, she hadn't noticed the log hurtling in her direction. "Move!" Riddle shouted. She jumped to the side, and the log smashed and splintered against the tree next to her. The pieces of wood shot out, and she felt a sting in her cheek."Alright. It's a little more bright," she conceded. As the troll ran at her again, she pivoted and pointed her wand at it, yelling, "Reducto!"The curse hit the troll in the face, and she watched with morbid fascination as thick, purple blood exploded from its head. The troll was by no means dead, but after that it was certainly blinded. It let out an agonized roar and ran at her, swinging its arms blindly."Reducto! Reducto!" More blood. It was still running. Lucy frowned and dodged to the side, racking her brain for a proper spell. The pages of Riddle's Book appeared in her mind, and she remembered a particularly nasty one that had caught her attention. "Segmium Deloro!"A jet of black light shot out of her wand. It hit the troll in the chest, and instead of a gash appearing right away, it settled in the core of its chest; then, ever so steadily, the gaping wound weaved itself apart. The troll screamed and clutched at its chest, trying to keep itself together, but the curse did its work. She watched, stunned, as the top half of the troll slowly slid off and fell onto the ground.She stared at it for a few moments. She nudged the body with her foot."Well, I didn't know it would do that!"She guillotined that thing! God, Hagrid would be so disappointed in her.Riddle stepped forward, examining her handiwork. "The Reductors were a little clumsy, but I'd say your use of the Curse of Tearing was well done!" He sounded pleased, and he looked up to give Lucy a brilliant smile.She stared at the sight of it. She didn't think he'd ever smiled so genuinely before. It was quite a nice sight, and she couldn't help but smiling back, feeling proud despite herself."Hagrid will have a fit if he sees this," she said, trying to sober her appearance. Yes, she had performed an awesome spell, but she shouldn't look so pleased about it."Use the vanishing charm," Riddle suggested. "Do you know it?""Yes, but I can't do it. I've tried ages," she frowned. She tried doing it at Mallory's all the time, and the woman eventually got annoyed and told her she'd break her wand if she didn't give it a rest."Of course you can do it," Riddle insisted. He walked over to her and stood behind her, guiding her wand arm up. He wasn't moving it, but she humored him by moving her arm anyway. "Now, do the wand movement."She made a series of complicated, quick movements. He shook his head. "No, that's not it. You've made the first downward arc much too fast, and you slowed down on the upward diagonal. Try again."Lucy did, and to her delight, the top half of the troll disappeared. "Aces!" She beamed. "I should leave the bottom half. How confused do you reckon Hagrid would be?"Riddle smirked, shaking his head. "It's good habit not to leave evidence behind. Even if it would be funny. Now try it on your own."She vanished the bottom half easily. He smiled at her again, laying a hand on her shoulder. "While I'd rather you not go chasing any trolls, it was excellent practice. Isn't it wonderful, when you're not bound by 'light' spells? Imagine if you had tried stunning that thing— it wouldn't have worked, would it?""Ron used a levitation charm to knock out his troll," Lucy recalled. She didn't regret killing the troll, but she had to admit there were other ways she could have gone about it."Ron's lucky to have escaped with his life," Riddle replied. "I'm sure it wasn't as easy as that. The troll had to have been distracted, correct?" Lucy nodded; she heard Harry flung himself on the troll's back and stuck his wand up its nose. Definitely gross. "In the real world, there won't be any time for such schemes. It will be you, your opponent, and the precious seconds you use to win. That's what you did just now— and it was well done."She absorbed his words, letting them fill her with even more pride. Riddle's compliments were a rare occurrence, and while she loved teasing him, being praised by such a knowledgeable wizard made her feel like she was doing something right.Riddle inspected the area one last time before gesturing in the castle's general direction. "We'd better get back for lunch. What class do you have next?""Potions," she said, pulling a face. "Do we have to go back?""Something tells me Snape would sniff you out in an instant if you skipped," Riddle said, displeased. He didn't care for Snape one bit. "I hate to say it, but it's times like this when I miss Professor Slughorn. At least he was easy to charm.""Aw, Snape's a sweetheart, when you get to know him," she insisted. "His insults? They bring us closer together."He sighed, disappearing into the diary. "Just walk, Lucy," his voice said."Snape is the light of my life, Tom Riddle! I wouldn't last a day without him!""GO.""That was a fun outing, if I do say so myself," Lucy said as they walked back into the castle. Most students had finished their lunch at this point, and they were roaming around in their spare time. She grabbed her backpack from the window she'd left it and headed toward the courtyard.Riddle walked beside her. He was in such a good mood that he ignored the people who walked through him. Usually, it put him in a terrible mood. "What happened to being a good student?" He asked lightly, smirking at her."Tell me one part about today that made me a bad student," she challenged."Hm— I wouldn't say skipping History of Magic to slay a troll falls under 'following the rules'. If this is only your first day, the rest of the year will be interesting.""Listen– they never told us not to kill a troll." Then she remembered Harry's adventure last year, and she sighed. Okay, so they had explicitly been told not to fight any trolls. "Alright, they told us not to do so in the castle! This wasn't in the castle, it was in the Forbidden Forest, so there.""The Forbidden Forest," he repeated, amused. "I think the name 'Forbidden' Forest speaks for itself."She was wise enough to see that she was losing this debate. Just in time– she saw her friends sitting on the steps, waving her over. "Well, I haven't gotten a detention yet, and that's really all that counts," she said quietly, and she shot an amused glance at Riddle. She walked faster toward the Gryffindors and shouted, "Oh my SWEET WIZARD GOD, it's been so long!""I'm out," Riddle said, disappearing.Coward, she thought."Hey, Luce!" Ron waved her over, and she plopped down beside them."You look like you had an adventure," Harry commented. She gave him a confused look. He reached over to pluck a leaf from her hair, tossing it on the ground."There's more than that," Hermione chuckled. "Scourgify."Though she couldn't see it, Lucy knew all the leaves were gone. She smiled at Hermione. "I killed a troll," she said casually.Hermione rolled her eyes. Ron snorted. "Yeah, right. You probably fell down a hill or something."She only smiled at him. Her friends thought so highly of her sometimes, it was unbelievable. She scooted over to sit next to Hermione and read over her shoulder. A few sentences in, she threw herself away and down the steps like she'd been burned."OW, MY EYES!" She shrieked, throwing her hands over her face. "It burns, it burns!"Riddle appeared out of the diary, alarmed. He looked around for anything dangerous. "What are you—" he stopped, seeing the book Hermione was reading: Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart. "Merlin, Lucy," he huffed, and he disappeared again.Hermione shared his sentiment. She glared at her writhing friend. "Really, Lucy!""I think she's dead," Harry said solemnly. He made a show of checking her pulse. He looked up at Ron only to instead meet eyes with a small, blond haired boy holding a camera in his hands."All right, Harry I'm– I'm Colin Creevey," he stammered, "I'm in Gryffindor, too. D'you think — would it be all right if— can I have a picture?"Lucy peeked one eye open. Upon seeing this absolutely adorable boy, she sat straight up and beamed at him. Was this how Anthony felt when he met the first years? She was willing to cast unforgivables for this kid already."A picture?" Harry repeated. He looked at Colin like he was insane."A picture, Harry!" Lucy insisted. If he wouldn't take a picture for Colin, she would make him."So I can prove I've met you," he said eagerly. "I know all about you. Everyone's told me. About how you survived when You-Know-Who tried to kill you and how he disappeared and everything and how you've still got a lightning scar on your forehead, and a boy in my dormitory said if I develop the film in the right potion, the pictures'll move! It's amazing here, isn't it? I never knew all the odd stuff I could do till I got the letter from Hogwarts. My dad's a milkman, he couldn't believe it either. So I'm taking loads of pictures to send home to him. And it'd be really good if I had one of you." He looked over at Lucy hopefully, seeing she was the most welcoming of the four. "Maybe your friend could take it and I could stand next to you? And then could you sign it?""Signed photos? You're giving out signed photos, Potter?"Lucy could not believe that Malfoy was eavesdropping all the way across the courtyard. Didn't he have a life? Friends? Dreams? He was worse than Colin with his stalking.Malfoy stopped behind Colin, Crabbe and Goyle at his sides. Lucy smiled sweetly and waved at Crabbe in particular. "Hello, Vincent," she said warmly.Crabbe stared at her with wide eyes. He reached up and rubbed his neck, remembering when she'd nearly suffocated him."Everyone line up!" Malfoy said gleefully. If he noticed her traumatizing his friend, he didn't mention it. "Harry Potter's giving out signed photos!""No, I'm not. Shut up, Malfoy," Harry snapped. While Colin had good intentions, Lucy had to admit signed photos was a bit much. She'd do it in a heartbeat but Harry never liked the attention everyone gave him."You're just jealous," Colin added."Good one, Colin!" Lucy approved. He beamed at her."Jealous?" It seemed Colin struck a nerve in Malfoy. His face went slightly red with anger. "Of what? I don't want a foul scar right across my head, thanks. I don't think getting your head cut open makes you that special, myself.""Would you like to try it out?" Lucy suggested. She held up her wand, less as a threat and more as an offer. Crabbe gulped, but to Malfoy's credit he only threw her a glare."Eat slugs, Malfoy," Ron rolled his eyes."Be careful," Malfoy smirked. "You don't want to start any trouble or your Mummy'll have to come and take you away from school. 'If you put another toe out of line'—"A group of older Slytherins nearby laughed, including Marcus Flint. Lucy subtly pointed her wand at him and turned his shoe into stone; she had performed this spell so many times that now she didn't even have to say it out loud. Flint's laughter stopped and he let out an angry shout of, "Oh, what the bloody hell!""What's all this, what's all this?" A loud voice called.Lockhart strode through the crowd, drawn to the attention like a moth to a flame. "Who's giving out signed photos?""Me, actually," Lucy told him. "I'm very famous, you see."His smile turned colder as he looked at her. He turned his eyes to Harry. "Such a joker, that one!" He let out a boisterous laugh. "We meet again, Harry!"Okay, she said she would be good this year, but this was simply too much... as Lockhart reached over to put an arm around Harry's shoulders, she pointed her wand at him and whispered, "Confundo.""What..." Lockhart's eyes unfocused, and he looked around at everyone. She would have liked to make him forget where he was again, but she didn't want to risk saying it too loud. "I'm... terribly sorry— what was I doing again?""You were going to grade some papers from this morning," Lucy said kindly. Then she added, "And also, you forgot to send me the ten galleons, Professor.""Of course!" Lockhart gave her a dopey smile. "Too right you are... sorry– which way's my office? Right, it's that way..."He stumbled away, leaving a concerned group of students behind him."Not a day goes by that I'm not grateful for your low morales," Harry told her, putting his hands on her shoulders."You want to make it up to me?" She said innocently. Her gaze travelled over to Colin and she whispered, "Take a picture with him later."Colin was the only one who overheard. He smiled hopefully at Harry, who didn't look happy, but he nodded anyway. "Yeah, alright," he sighed. "Hopefully your spell didn't wear off— I've got his class next."Lucy winced. "Ouch. I've got Potions with our favorite Snape." Actually, she couldn't say that anymore, seeing as she now had an owl named Snape.Copying her, Harry winced. "Ouch. Good luck with that."With how upset Snape was last night, she figured she'd need it...She was the first one to arrive at the dungeons, and she was feeling optimistic. So far the day had gone smoothly— she extorted even more money out of Lockhart, she killed a troll, and she spoiled Malfoy's fun. All in all, a successful first day.Of course, life always had a few speed bumps. And one came in the form of Severus Snape. (She would forever remember his first name; Dumbledore never should have said it in front of her).As soon as she walked into the Potions classroom, Snape's voice rang out. "Rochester! Detention!" He snapped.Lucy's jaw dropped. She threw her hands in the air, demanding, "For what?!""I'm sure you did something," he glared.Well, he was right, but he didn't have to say so. Lucy didn't bother arguing. It would only give her more detention. She went to settle in her spot at the back of the class, when a funny thought hit her. She instead decided to sit right in front of Snape's podium so that he'd be forced to look at her for the entire class. That was perhaps the cruelest punishment she could bestow upon the man."What are you doing, Rochster?" Snape paused in organizing papers to stare at her new spot."I'm trying this thing called 'being responsible' this year, Professor," she told him solemnly. "It's been hard work, but honest work.""As long as there's no more fraternizing with the Dark Lord, I think it shall be an easy task," he said sarcastically. "That shouldn't be too hard for you, Rochester.""I don't know, I was thinking of sending him a letter," she said.Snape ignored her, turning back to his papers. She looked inside her satchel and said, "The funny part is he thinks I'm joking."Riddle sighed.Professor Snape looked like he didn't even want to know, but he asked her anyway. "Who are you talking to?""A camera— I'm trying one of those muggle sitcoms, you know? I mean I wouldn't really know, I've never watched television, living at an orphanage and all. Have you watched television, Professor Snape?"Once again, he resolutely ignored her. She grinned and decided not to push her luck any further. She began taking out her textbook and potions supplies, and she slung her satchel around the back of the chair. It wouldn't due to accidentally melt Riddle. She wasn't great at potions..."Well look at you, early bird!" Hannah commented as the crowd of students made their way into the room. Last year they shared this class with the Ravenclaws, but it looked like it was just them today. That was another thing about Hogwarts— sometimes the schedules simply changed for no reason, and nobody questioned it. She wondered if it was the staff's doing or the castle's. Either way, it was confusing."I'm responsible now, haven't you heard?" Lucy sniffed."Responsible enough to partner alone," Megan pointed out. It was then that Lucy realized there was an odd number of students. Hannah and Susan went together, Megan and Wayne went together, and then Justin and Ernie went together."Oh, this sucks!" She complained. "Isn't that a hazard or something?""You'll manage," Professor Snape said. A nasty smile formed on his face at the thought of Lucy handling dangerous potions on her own.Sighing, Riddle appeared in the seat next to her. She gave him a surprised look which he grimaced at; usually he was against helping her directly in class. Something about 'cheating isn't rewarding' or some other goody-goody nonsense. "I'm only helping you because you don't have a partner," he said flatly, "and your Professor is a madman who wants you killed."Lucy nodded. That was fair. A bit inconvenient, seeing as she couldn't reply to him without looking like an insane person, but at least now her chance of exploding a potion was lower.Snape wrote the instructions on the chalk board, and then he stepped back to watch them work. She knew he was more involved in other classes— looming and taunting and whatnot. Occasionally he did that when they had double potions with the Ravenclaws, but when it was just them, without Gryffindors, Snape tended to be more bearable.Riddle checked which potion they were making. He rolled his eyes at the sight. "Now I know he's trying to kill you. Draught of the Living Death isn't a second year potion at all. It's a sixth year potion, and it's notoriously difficult to brew without a second person...""Neat," Lucy muttered. She glanced to see if anyone noticed. Nope, they were all struggling to brew their potion.Riddle looked at Professor Snape, letting a smirk crawl onto his features. "We're going to surprise him, Lucy," he said mischievously. "We're going to brew a perfect potion. You've got the cauldron warming? Excellent— take the infusion of wormwood and put two drops of water into it. Diluting it helps the potion brew faster– it gets too thick, otherwise. Trickier to stir."Lucy personally didn't mind messing up a potion, but Riddle looked so pleased at the prospect of showing up Professor Snape that she had to listen. Was this his idea of mischief? Brewing a perfect potion? He was such a prefect.She did as he instructed, diluting the wormwood. Professor Snape arched and eyebrow at her but didn't say anything. "Now let that settle," Riddle said, "and start powdering the root of asphodel. No shortcuts here, I'm afraid–— just make sure it's fine."This she could easily do. She imagined the root of asphodel was Lockhart's head. The slightly manic gleam in her eye drew Megan's attention, and she stared at her friend, unnerved."Uh... Lucy? You letting out some tension over there?" She said carefully."Megan, keep crushing," Wayne advised. He looked a bit overwhelmed at the complex potion. "Leave her to her crazy ways, and keep an eye out in case her potion explodes.""Have some faith, friends." Lucy finished powdering and checked the instructions again. The cauldron looked heated enough; she added in the infusion of wormwood, waiting to see it dissolve fully.Riddle peered over the cauldron. "Good. Now the asphodel.""Can't believe you remember all this," she said under her breath, doing as he said.He smirked. "It comes with practice. Now stir clockwise twice, and let it sit until I say so. In the meantime, cut up the sloth brain."Lucy unsheathed her silver knife with great pleasure. Megan sighed from behind her but wisely didn't say anything. Professor Snape eyed her uneasily. She cut up the brain, very precisely if she said so herself. She wished Hogwarts had a wood-carving class. She'd do it on her own time, but Dumbledore and Snape might have a heart attack if she did anything remotely unnerving."That was quick," Riddle commented. "Now take thirteen beans and crush them."The board said to cut twelve of them them, not crush thirteen of them, but she didn't question him. He clearly knew what she was doing.As she crushed them, Snape asked her, "Why are you crushing them, Rochester?" He sounded more curious than disapproving."It releases more juice," Riddle replied.Lucy mocked him in a posh tone. "It releases more juice." Snape nodded and then went back to ignoring her.Riddle took offense to her impression, glaring at her. "Real mature, Lucy. I could stop helping, you know."She looked in his direction and smiled serenely, subtly making a heart with her hands on the table. He followed her movement and sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "You're horrible," he said flatly. "Put the sloth brain in, then the juice."This was perhaps the best potion she had ever brewed in her life. After adding in the ingredients, she took a cursory glance of the room and saw all of her friends struggling, especially Hannah and Susan whose potion wasn't even remotely the same shade."Stir it counterclockwise six times and then clockwise two times," and then let it settle for a minute before turning the heat off."Lucy complied. Her potion had taken on a shimmering clear color, not unlike normal water. She never would have guessed it was a poison. The overhwhelming urge to drink it came over her."What d'you think would happen if I had a drop? Would it only put me into half sleep? A quarter sleep? Would I be tired for the rest of my life?" She wondered aloud.Professor Snape was in front of her in an instant. "Do not consume the potion," he hissed."I wasn't going to! It was an honest question."He didn't believe her, but he didn't push the matter further. He peered into her cauldron. His face was unreadable as he scooped a sample into a vial before vanishing the rest of the potion. She stared at him as he left, confused. Had they brewed it wrong? If Riddle managed to mess up a potion, she'd never let him hear the end of it."Perfect," Riddle said with a satisfied grin."He didn't say anything," she whispered."He didn't have anything bad to say— Professors like that can't admit when a hated student succeeds."She saw Snape further examining the potion, and she spotted an unwilling respect in the man's eyes for the quality. She tried not to look too pleased to see it. If her friends wouldn't see it, she'd gladly turn to Riddle and thank him excitedly. As it was, she settled for a brilliant smile in his direction.He smiled back. "You're welcome," he said, and it was enough.

The next few days passed so quickly that Lucy was afraid the rest of the year would be the same. Her classes were much more exciting than they had been last year; now that they knew the basic theory, the professors were more comfortable letting them practice spells. That was just how she liked it.Riddle was incredibly handy to have both in and outside of class. When Lucy was caught whispering to Megan, Professor McGonagall tried to trip her up by asking her a question— it was immensely gratifying to repeat the correct answer back to her, courtesy of Tom Riddle. She impressed many of her teachers this way.As expected, Lockhart's class turned out to be a load of nonsense. She heard from Harry that he unleashed pixies on the entire class, and he didn't know how to get rid of them. He learned his lesson by her class. She was sort of disappointed— it might have been fun to set a few pixies on fire.Their class, he handed them each a quiz. On himself. The only way to know the answers was by reading his garbage books, and it was safe to say Lucy had not done that. Hannah knew most of them, but the rest of the Hufflepuffs had fun writing absurd answers in.What is Professor Lockhart's secret ambition? Lucy had written 'to one day be as famous as Harry Potter'.Megan hit him where it hurt and wrote 'to actually be happy with himself enough in life to stop lying about everything'. It was insanely brutal."Wow," Riddle actually said when Megan read aloud her graded 'T' for troll assignment. And that was only one of her answers. All the others were equally as rude.Lockhart excused himself from the room shortly after he read that one. Lucy guessed he had to collect himself. There were only seven Hufflepuffs, but that might have made it more unnerving for him to be alone with a small number of disrespectful students. There was no distracting himself in the classroom, no way to escape their glares."That's a bit harsh, isn't it?" Hannah said disapprovingly.Susan threw a cautious glance at her friend. "Don't tell me you like him...""He's handsome," She said, unabashed. "And he's quite funny, if you don't let his personality annoy you.""See, that's the thing, Hannah... his entire personality is annoying," Ernie scoffed.Justin shrugged, looking a little shy. "I think he's handsome too. And how do we know he's lying?"Oh no, Lucy thought grimly. Justin fell for Lockhart's charms... that was three of her friends contaminated now. Maybe four— Megan thought Lockhart was handsome too, but fortunately she had the sense to bully the man anyway. She was one of Rickett's girls, after all."He said he had a cure for werewolves, Justin," Wayne said incredulously. "My pa's a werewolf, believe me, there's no cure for it.""Your dad's a werewolf?" Lucy said curiously.Megan threw her a warning look. Wayne didn't mind her question, which honestly surprised her. Once he'd been offended because she asked him his favorite color, let alone asking him about his father. "It was an accident— a muggle werewolf got loose and got him by his ankle. Happened just after I was born. The only thing that helps is a Wolfsbane potion, but even that doesn't stop the transformation... there's no way Lockhart created a charm for a cure."Justin bit his lip. He didn't dare argue against Wayne's experience— Lucy didn't know much about werewolves, but she knew it was a sensitive topic in the wizarding world. "Well at least he's a good author?" He said weakly."Traitor!" Ernie cried, scooting away from him.Lucy tilted her head to the side. "Okay, I can give him that," she admitted. His books were entertaining— if he stopped trying to pass them off as nonfiction, she might enjoy them more. "Lockhart is actually a good author. He has a way with words.""Why, thank you, Lucy!"She immediately wished she hadn't said anything. Lockhart walked into the room just as she praised him, and he puffed his chest up at her compliment. Oh, no, she'd made him happy! Couldn't he have walked in before, when they were insulting him?"You're all very clever with your responses! I'll admit, they jaded me at first— but now I see you're all aspiring writers!" Lockhart let out a hearty laugh. He sat down at his desk and plucked a peacock quill from a jar. He dipped it into shimmering purple ink and began scrawling on a sheet of parchment. "I've just had a brilliant idea, Lucy," he looked up and beamed at her. "I'll write to Professor Dumbledore and start a creative writing club! Led by me, of course— and you can be my first honorary student."Lucy stared at him, horrified. "There's really no need—" she began."Nonsense! There's no need to be shy, Lucy. I know you like to act cool for your boyfriend, but you don't have to pretend around me," he winked.God, how thick was he?! She looked at Riddle for some sort of support, but she was even further horrified to see that he was laughing at her."Oh, that's rotten, Lucy," He laughed, leaning against a desk. "You have fun with that."What a git!"And I'll add your friends to the list, too! You have a particular way with words, Ms Jones," Lockhart continued. With every word he spoke, she wanted to die even more. "Let me re-grade your quizzes, all of you... Such clever writers... you certainly fooled me!"Megan was delighted he thought so. "Really?" .Oh, no... she was losing another one... This was the worst day of Lucy's life..."Really. And it's coming from me— a multiple award winning author!""That actually sounds like fun," Ernie commented. He looked around at Justin who was pleased with the thought of being around Lockhart in the first place. "I expect it'll be popular with the students.""It certainly will, Ernie. Ten points to Hufflepuff. And ten more to you, Lucy, for catalysting my brilliant idea!""I'm in hell," she whispered. "I'm in hell, and I'm burning." Riddle laughed harder and she desperately wanted to whack him. She glared at him anyway.Thankfully for her sanity, the bell rang. Defense Against the Dark Arts was the last class of the day, so she could spend the rest of the day healing her broken soul. She walked out of the classroom, numb inside. Was this how people felt when she tormented them? Did they feel this deadness in their hearts?Megan excitedly talked with Hannah about the new club, and Justin and Ernie were looking forward to it too. Susan sighed and lay a supportive hand on Lucy and Wayne's shoulder."It's hard being the sensible one," she said grimly. "Welcome to our lives, Lucy.""It's so hard, Susan," Lucy whispered. Her lifestyle was infinitely more fun. "How do you do it?""We take all of our disappointment and regret, and we shove it deep down and hope it will go away," Wayne replied."...And does it work?"Susan and Wayne shared a look of deep, deep suffering. They looked back at Lucy and said, "No."They went to go to their common room, but they were stopped by Anthony. Or at least, Lucy was stopped— he and Cedric each took one of her arms and started leading her in the opposite direction of the common room."What's happening!" She looked at each of them in alarm. "Where are you taking me?!"Anthony grinned. "We're going to see Madam Hooch.""And why are you doing that? I have homework, Rickett. I have a soul to heal!""Hooch has sent us each a letter over the summer," Cedric told her solemnly, "and she's quite adamant you try out for the Quidditch team."Lucy thought back to her first flying class... She struck a deal with Madam Hooch where the woman said she'd have to play Quidditch or else she'd have a detention. She hadn't intended on keeping her promise— what was a detention compared to loads of free time?"Listen, boys, I'm not trying out," she insisted. "Second year is very stressful. I don't have time for such activities— I'm responsible now, you know!"Anthony looked at her, aghast. "Don't you ever say something so terrible ever again, Lucille Rochester!"Cedric on the other hand grinned. "I knew you had it in you, Lucy. Daisy will be pleased.""Shut up, Seedric— my duckling has been corrupted!""I'm only following your example," Lucy said innocently. She was slowly pulling herself from their grips, hoping they were distracted by the conversation. "You're a prefect, and I want to be just like you."Anthony opened his mouth to reply. She tore herself from his grip and started sprinting away, but what she hadn't accounted for was that her friend was both a fifth year and had a wand. "Accio daughter!" He said, and she felt herself pulled back toward him. "Trying to pull a runner on me, Lucy? I'm the best prankster around these parts! It'll take more than that to fool me."Lucy gave him a sour look. Suddenly Cedric cried, "Look, right there!" And he pointed ahead of them. Anthony turned to look; there was nothing. "Made you look," he grinned.Ever so slowly, Anthony turned to look at him. "I will get you, Cedric," he said softly. "And you are going to have nightmares all your life..."Cedric actually looked disturbed by that. Before Anthony could say any more disturbing threats, they arrived at the Quidditch shed where Madame Hooch usually hung around. The woman waited, leaning against the shed and glancing at her watch. She looked up to see them dragging Lucy. She rolled her eyes. "It's about time!""You sent us less than ten minutes ago!" Anthony said, outraged."You're losing your touch, Rickett. Now—" she looked at Lucy's sour expression and fought back a smirk. "I believe we had a deal, Ms. Rochester?""Merlin, is there a Quidditch monopoly going on?" Riddle muttered, looking between the three.It occurred to Lucy how shady this all must look to him; she was kidnapped by her friends and dragged to a staff member, all for 'completing her side of the deal'."You weren't serious, Madam Hooch... I'll take the detention..." Lucy tried."I've upped the stakes, Lucy," Madam Hooch shook her head grimly. "If you don't try out, I'll give you detention every night this year.""And since I'm a prefect, I'll give you double detention every night this year!" Anthony added.Lucy's jaw dropped. "That's not even a thing!""Sure it is. Detention in the morning and evening, simple as that."Right... she'd have to try another tactic. "I don't have a broom, and I couldn't possibly afford one."Smirking, Madam Hooch reached into the shed and presented her with a sleek, blue broomstick. It was in better shape than the school brooms but it had certainly been used in its lifetime. "My nephew bought a Nimbus 2000 last year, and he kindly donated this one to me. It's all yours, Rochester.""I couldn't—" she began to refuse.Madam Hooch cut across her protests easily. "Minerva bought her student a Nimbus 2000, Rochester! Do you know how ridiculous that is? If she can do such a thing, you can certainly accept a hand-me-down broom. And you don't really have a choice in the matter— if I hear Minerva singing praises about her seeker one more time, you may be in for a new Transfiguration Professor!""This is the most aggressive gift giving I've ever witnessed," Cedric stayed.Riddle nodded in agreement, looking utterly done with the conversation. "Just do it, Lucy," he sighed. "I grow weary of this arguing."Well, if it was inconveniencing Riddle, she thought sarcastically. At last, she took the broomstick into her hands, holding it like she was afraid it would shatter. "Thank you," she said grudgingly. "When's tryouts?"Cedric grinned. "Right now. I'm the captain."He pointed to a shiny badge on his robes. Lucy's eyebrows raised and smiled at him. "Really? Congratulations, Cedric!""Thanks!""As Deputy Captain, I'm telling you right now you've already made the team," Anthony told her."You are not Deputy Captain—""Quiet now, Cedric. Lucy— take flight!" He pointed into the air dramatically, and when she didn't immediately take off, he huffed and crossed his arms over his chest. "Rude."She snickered and decided to do as he said. She flew quite a lot of brooms last year when she unofficially tested them out for Madam Hooch, and at the risk of sounding arrogant, she was pretty good at it. She kicked off the ground easily and was amazed to see how much more smoothly this broom worked. It certainly wasn't as fast as Harry's, but oddly, she liked it more that way."Do a loop!" Cedric suggested."NO! Are you trying to get her killed?" Anthony rounded on him, only to grow panicked as Lucy did what he said. She did a loop in the air, and she straightened herself out only to keep herself upside down, looking at the four people in front of her. (Maybe three. Did Riddle count as people? In her mind, he did.)Anthony ran below her and held his arms out, ready to catch her. "Okay, you've impressed me! Come down now!""Can you dive?" Cedric wondered."DIGGORY!"Lucy laughed and dove toward the ground. She didn't dare wait too long– she'd have to practice more to be as good as Harry– but Cedric looked acceptably impressed by her. "Congratulations," he laughed. "You passed tryouts. You're our newest chaser."For Anthony's sake, she landed on the ground. "Really? There's not one person better suited?" She said skeptically."Our chasers graduated last year. And between you and I, I'd rather have my friends on my team," Cedric shrugged. "Daisy's a chaser, too, so's Heidi Macavoy— she's in my year, she's very kind. Herbert Fleet's our keeper, he's in Daisy's year.""Who's the other beater?" She wondered."Maxine 'the Maniac' O'Flaherty," Anthony said darkly. "One day... one day I will win an arm wrestling match against her..."Cedric looked at his friend with sympathy, patting him on the arm. "It's never going to happen, mate. She's too strong."Anthony sighed. Lucy had seen Maxine around, and secretly she was enamored by the girl's strong biceps. A little intimidated, too... she could probably bench press Marcus Flint, and that was no easy task."We've got practice booked for tomorrow morning, five o'clock sharp."Shivers worked their way up Lucy's spine; she had been feeling very tired lately, and the thought of waking up any earlier than she had to made her want to die. "You're monstrous, Diggory..." she whispered."Oliver Wood makes his team wake up at four o'clock," Cedric said, unbothered."Oliver Wood is also a maniac, so nothing he does is comparable," Anthony countered."Well, it's only Friday's that we'll have to get up early. We have the pitch every evening at five o'clock on Wednesday."Lucy felt herself relax. Her stigma about Quidditch came from secondhand accounts from Harry about the hell Oliver Wood put them through at practices. She could sleep well tonight, knowing her sleeping schedule was mostly safe from insane Captains.Anthony grinned triumphantly at her and lay an arm around her shoulders. "That's the spirit, cub! Now c'mon, there's a party in the common room tonight...""On a Thursday?" Riddle demanded, incredulous. "Do they ever stop?"No, Riddle. No they didn't.Lucy's first Quidditch practice wasn't as miserable as she thought it would be— it was actually, dare she say it, fun. She got on with Daisy well already, but Heidi was particularly a joy to have around. Cedric was embellishing when he said she was 'pretty nice', when in fact she was the most ruthless and hardcore chaser she had ever laid her eyes upon. Five times in a row, Heidi crashed to the cold ground to catch the Quaffle and each time she picked herself up like nothing happened.She wanted to leave the diary in fear that it'd get ruined, but Riddle was having none of it– instead she slung her satchel around a seat in the announcer's box so that if anyone tried to steal it, she would notice right away. It was definitely paranoia getting to her, but the thought of someone stealing her diary made her feel physically sick. She didn't like being away from it for too long either, and she always sighed in relief whenever she held it in her hands instead of carrying it in her satchel.Riddle came out of the diary every so often to observe, but for the most part he wasn't interested in Quidditch. He thought it was too loud and overall a waste of energy– but he said the extracurricular would look good on her resume, like the guidance counselor he was.Cedric ran them through loads of drills. As the seeker, he didn't have to do as much practicing and he instead focused on directing them. Herbert wasn't a very good keeper. Hopefully it would improve with time; Cedric was getting annoyed with him as the practice went on."It's our first practice," she heard him mutter to himself. "He'll get better... don't commit homicide...""Did someone say HOMICIDE?"Maxine hurtled through the air and smacked a bludger right at Anthony. He shrieked and rolled sideways out of the way. The bludger sailed through right where his head would have been."What the hell, Max!" Anthony said, terrified."You were supposed to hit it back, Anth!" Maxine threw her head back and laughed."Dear Merlin..." Daisy whispered, "That was the scariest thing I've ever seen..."Lucy had to agree. Maxine was... something else."LUCY, CATCH!"Out of the corner of her eye, Lucy saw a quaffle whizz by and start falling to the ground. She quickly dove for it, growing closer and closer, inch by inch... She grabbed it in her hands just as the front of her broom smacked against the ground, and she crashed into the slick mud, groaning. She swore she could see stars spinning around her head.Heidi hovered over her, beaming. "Now you're getting the hang of it!""We die like PUFFS!" Maxine agreed."Preferably, we don't die at all," Herbert suggested. He looked pale just from watching her hit the ground."That's coward talk, Fleet!"Lucy got up from the ground, shaking mud off her arm. "I'm going to have to agree with Max here, Herbert," she said apologetically. "You're exhibiting coward-like behavior.""Huffle-up!" Maxine cheered."HUFFLE-UP!" Everyone except Lucy echoed.Seeing her confused look, Daisy smiled sheepishly. "It's a Puff term. I suppose you haven't been at the parties to hear it much."No, she tended to avoid the raves that Hufflepuff routinely hosted. They were just so loud... Maybe when she was older she would see the appeal of it.Cedric clapped his hands together. "Well, I don't know about you lot, but I'm knackered. We'll meet next Wednesday– but don't let that stop you from finding your teammates to practice!"Maxine grinned threateningly at Anthony. Sometime told Lucy that the beater was going to find him often, with or without his permission. He gulped and hid behind Daisy. "Don't let her hurt me..." he whispered. "I'm fragile..."Daisy rolled her eyes but couldn't stop a smile from pulling at her lips.Lucy spent the rest of Friday utterly exhausted. She crawled into bed at seven o'clock that night without doing a lick of homework. She intended to sleep through all of Saturday, maybe even part of Sunday.Unfortunately, life was never that easy for her. She was shaken awake early the next morning by an excited looking Hannah. Groaning, Lucy pulled her pillow over her face. "Whaaaaat?" She whined, voice muffled."The Gryffindors are practicing today," she said excitedly.Lucy pulled the pillow off her face and raised it, ready to hit her with it. "If that's the only reason you woke me up..." she began dangerously."Susan heard from Blaise Zabini last night that the Slytherins booked the same day. On purpose! I'm going down to watch the confrontation..."She paused. On one hand, she was tired enough to fall asleep at any given moment. On the other hand, there was a chance the Slytherins would be mean to her best friend... Maybe even attack him..."Fine," she muttered. Defeated, she set her pillow down and pulled on her coat. She didn't bother changing out of her pajama pants, seeing as she'd go right back to bed after they were done.She absentmindedly grabbed the satchel before leaving the common room with Hannah. "Isn't Megan coming?" She asked, rubbing at her eyes."I tried waking her up," Hannah shook her head. "Sleeps like a rock, that one."How she wished she was the same way.Funnily enough, they arrived at the Quidditch pitch around the same time as the Slytherins did."HEY, MALFOY!" Lucy called. She and Hannah were a good ways behind them, and her voice carried across the grounds.He turned around and sighed upon seeing her. "Rochester," he said begrudgingly. "What are you doing here?""Heard there was a fight," she shrugged. "You?""Starting the fight," he shrugged, grinning at her. He kept walking with the Slytherin team. Marcus Flint turned around to shoot Lucy a deadly look, to which she replied with a sweet smile. He hated her guts, all right... Not only did she hex him at any given chance, but she was one of Rickett's girls, and Anthony also hexed him at any given chance."That was surprisingly civil," Hannah commented. "Are you two friends?""Sort of, not really. Depends on the day," Lucy shrugged. They only got along when he wasn't insulting Harry, which wasn't a lot."Lucy!"She turned around, and Ron and Hermione were heading her way. "What's going on?" Hermione cast a worried look at the teams ahead of them. "I thought Gryffindor booked the field...""Oh, they did," Hannah agreed. "Slytherins just wanted to fight.""Of course they did," Ron scoffed.They reached the field, and they walked over to Harry's side. Hannah was content to sit in the stands and watch it all play out. Colin joined her."What's he doing here?" Ron finally noticed Malfoy and shot him a disgusted look."I'm the new Slytherin Seeker, Weasley," Malfoy said smugly. "Everyone's just been admiring the brooms my father's bought our team."Lucy looked around, pretending to be confused. "What new brooms?"Malfoy was smart enough not to take the bait. Adrian Pucey, however, was not. He held his broom out for her to see. "These brooms, are you blind?" He scoffed."Did he really fall for that..." Riddle appeared next to Lucy, looking downright pained at the sight in front of him."Mate, I hate to break it to you, but those aren't brooms. See, turn it around and look at the bristles," she told him.Pucey did as she said. She fought to keep a straight face and continued, "Now, look carefully, and you'll see that it actually says that you're a big ugly git."The Slytherin boy gaped at her, and the Weasley twins roared with laughter. Even Riddle couldn't help but smirk, even if it was at Slytherin's expense."Shut up, Rochester!" Flint scowled at her."I heard you have a Comet 260," Malfoy added. He hadn't said it meanly or anything. She supposed he said it more out of duty to his Quidditch team than anything else."Oooh, you got me, Malfoy," she said dryly. She turned to look at Riddle. "Boys and their toys, am I right?""I'll never understand," he agreed.Hermione seemed to have taken offense on Lucy's behalf; she looked at Malfoy severely. "At least no one on their Quidditch teams had to buy their way in. They got in on pure talent."Malfoy's smug look faltered. Hermione had struck a nerve. Lucy grinned, proud of her friend. First Megan, now Hermione... her friends were on a roll lately."No one asked for your opinion, you filthy little mudblood!" Malfoy spat.It was like a bomb had gone off. Lucy was unaffected for the most part– she heard the word at Mallory's often enough, from passing customers– and she thought it was a silly insult overall. But apparently it held great weight in the wizarding world; Flint dove in front of Malfoy to keep the Weasley twins from getting at him, Alicia and Angelina shrieked at him, and Ron grabbed his wand from his robes to point it under Flint's arm."You'll pay for that one, Malfoy!" He yelled. There was a sharp bang, and a jet of green light shot out of his wand— except it came out the wrong end and hit Ron in the stomach. He fell backward onto the grass."Right, that was a little embarrassing," Lucy sighed.The Slytherin team burst into laughter; she couldn't have that. She pointed her wand and cast Reductor Cursesat the ground beneath their feet. The earth exploded, and their laughter turned into frightened shouts. Flint dove away from Malfoy, falling to the ground, and she shot a curse right in front of his head."You're fucking mad, Rochester!" Flint spat at her, pushing himself to his feet.Malfoy stared at her in shock. She hadn't sent a single curse at him. She arched an eyebrow and glanced from him to the castle, willing for him to get the hint. Since they were on better terms at the moment she didn't want to have to curse him. Thankfully he wisened up and left with the rest of his fleeing team.Flint slowly backed away from her, fury clear on his features. "You think you own the world, do you, Rochester?" He growled.Vaguely, she heard Ron throwing up in the background. It was a little disconcerting."Little bit, yeah," she admitted."You'd better learn your place, little girl," Flint's nostrils flared, and he cracked his knuckles at her. "The last war put filth like you in its place. It looks like it's time for a repeat, you little mudblood..."Riddle's eyes flared with anger. "How dare he—" he hissed, and he reached for a wand that wasn't there. This only made him angrier.Lucy only grinned; how could she be offended by such a silly insult?"D'you reckon if I'm feeling cocky at the moment, I'm technically a smugblood?" She said innocently.Flint opened his mouth to reply, but she sent another reductor curse at his feet. This time, she purposefully hit him in the shoe. He yelled in pain, and she could see a dark stain splatter through the top of his shoe.The Weasley twins pointed their wands at him, too. "Leave," Fred said harshly, "Unless you want all three of us to send the same curse at your face."Furiously, Flint limped away. Lucy had a feeling he wouldn't snitch on her; then he'd have to admit a mudblood bested him. Not only that, but a second year mudblood.Riddle stared after Flint, a storm brewing in his eyes. Lucy wanted to ask him what his problem was, but Ron had her attention at the moment. He was hunched over, throwing up huge slugs. Harry and Hermione were in the process of leading him away."Gross," she pulled a face at their retreating backs. "Any spectres out there know a countercurse?" She said pointedly."No," Riddle said coldly. He disappeared without another word.Well someone was grumpy today. Shaking her head, she turned back to the Gryffindor team. Angelina stared at her approvingly. "Nice wand-work, Hufflepuff," she complimented."Although your puns could use some workshopping. What's Rickett been teaching you?" George scolded, appearing at her side.Fred flanked her other side, and they each put an arm on her shoulder, leading her toward the castle. "Smugblood? I expected more from him," he said grimly."You know, I'll pass the message along," she lied. "Now why are you two hanging around? I'm well aware of finding my own way back.""That you are," George nodded."But you see—" Fred began."You just pissed off a group of Slytherins—" George continued."—and we wouldn't put it past them to wait and jump you—""—as soon as you walk in," George finished.Fred nodded. "Slytherins can be nasty, best not to underestimate them."Lucy was oddly touched at the notion. Whenever she visited the Burrow, she and the twins would jokingly feud, but she hadn't expected them to look out for her like this."Why thank you, gentlemen." As soon as they reached the Hufflepuff Common Room, she turned to bow at the two."Of course, of course," They said in unison."But do you know what would be a great payment?" Fred said innocently. He fixed his gaze at the Hufflepuff's entrance.Lucy sighed, and she looked from him to the Hufflepuff door. "Fine," she said begrudgingly. "You can have the password. I'll only do it once, so you have to remember it."Anthony was going to kill her if he ever found out."You're an angel, Lucille!" George beamed.She'd certainly regret this later. Before she could change her mind, she turned and knocked the pattern into the Hufflepuff door. It slid open for her, and she chanced a glance at the pair of twins behind her. They smiled evilly, and she gulped, feeling like she had just made a giant mistake...That evening, Lucy lay in her bed. It was nearing eleven o'clock, and her friends were all down in the common room partying. Something about it being their 'first weekend', but that didn't hold much weight considering they partied every weekend.She scratched behind Grayble's ear and stared at the ceiling, imagining she was staring at stars in the sky. She tried to do her homework throughout the day, but her head felt like it was stuffed full of cotton from the moment she reached her dorm. It wasn't unlike the feeling she had after her first brutal Quidditch practice, where her adrenaline had died down and all that was left was peaceful numbness.Her owl, Snape, sat perched on the foot of her bed. He preferred to spend his mornings at the owlery with his feathered friends, but since she claimed him as her pet, he liked to sleep on her bedside table. Hannah thought it was freaky but Lucy thought he was the most adorable little owl on the planet.Snape's soft hoot wasn't enough to break her from her cloud-like state. She hadn't the energy to rub at her eyes. Maybe Riddle would help motivate her... if he was in a better mood, at least. Flint really set him off earlier."Riddle?" Her voice felt strangely muffled in her empty room. "You there?"He appeared sitting on her bed, looking down at her. "Yes," he said quietly. "You look tired.""Only a little," she admitted. Grayble looked at her strangely, thinking she was talking to him. She scratched under his chin to make up for it. "Are you mad at me?"He raised his eyebrows at her. Her voice had come out more worried than she wanted it to be. "No, of course not. Why would I be mad at you?" he said, perplexed."I dunno, you weren't too happy at the Quidditch pitch." She could barely remember the string of events. The ceiling above her seemed to spin.Riddle nodded, pursing his lips. He looked like he was considering what to say."Being a Slytherin doesn't hold the weight it used to," he said carefully. "To see Salazar's house acting in such a way... it upset me."She frowned. "Because they called me a mudblood? They might not be wrong about that.""You're not a mudblood." Riddle's voice snapped at her so severely that she actually jumped. Seeing this, he sighed and softened his features. "Sorry. I didn't mean to frighten you," he said in a soothing voice. "Trust me on this, Lucy... You're too powerful to be a mudblood. You and I are different. Special.""If you say so," she said. It was clear she didn't fully believe him but she decided not to press the issue. "Do you think I'm... too mean, sometimes?"She didn't know where this was coming from, but the words seemed to fall out of her mouth without her saying so. She was too lucid to care much about it. Riddle shook his head, smiling gently at her. This was the nicest he had ever been to her."Of course not. You're ambitious, that's all. I was, too." He looked past her, drawing up a memory. "You and I, we're different, Lucy. We see things... clearly. There aren't any boundaries, not really. In magic or in general. You can't cheat in a game if there are no rules in the first place..."She wasn't really processing his words, but she nodded anyway. He continued. "Flint... He had no right to insult you. Threaten you. I wanted desperately to curse him, but I find myself without a body." His eyes turned dark, and his jaw clenched as he stared at the wall. "I grow weary of waiting.""You're pretty good at monologues, Tom," Lucy said. She laughed to herself. "I ought to write it down."Riddle stopped glaring and chuckled. He looked down at her again. "There's no need for that.""Why's that?" Her eyelids fluttered shut, and she could only feel his voice in her ears."Because you won't remember any of this."And then blackness washed over her like a calming wave.

The next morning, Megan had to drag Lucy from their dormitory, much to her dismay. Lucy was content to sleep all day, but her friend was having none of it. She sounded more like Anthony at the moment as she lectured her."I can clearly see you're ready for the day and it's not healthy to spend all your time inside!" Megan scolded, pulling her out the door. It was a miracle she didn't fall down the stairs.Lucy let out a pitiful groan. She went limp as soon as they reached the common room, throwing herself onto the couch. "Would you look at that? I've left my dorm," she declared. "Mission accomplished, shall we celebrate?"She didn't know why, but she was so bloody tired today. She thought she slept perfectly well last night, but when she woke up at ten in the morning, she felt like her bones had turned to liquid. Maybe she had caused too much chaos this week, and it was all catching up with her. As a girl of twelve years old, she didn't have the same youthful energy as last year..."Did somebody say CELEBRATE?"Anthony jumped over the couch and sat next to Lucy, narrowly missing her head. She sat straight up and glared at him. "You could have smothered me!""Don't back talk me, Lucille Rochester!" He scolded, and he threw himself across her, crushing her into the couch. "Is this smothering enough, Lucy? Am I embaaaarasssing youuuu!"he teased.Lucy groaned and shoved against his chest. This only encouraged him to push her further into the couch. "Okay, okay!" she couldn't help but laugh as his elbow jabbed into her side. "You win, get off!"Grinning, Anthony sat up again. She pulled a face at him. "How are you even awake? Don't the parties stop at sunrise?""Objectively, Lucy, the party never stops, but that's beside the point. What are we celebrating?" He asked."Trying to get this prat out of the common room," Megan said exasperatedly. "I've tried everything, mum. Offers of food, threatening to take her pets hostage, threatening to bring Lockhart— everything!"A sly grin came over Anthony's face. "Did you tell her that Harry Potter has stopped by three times already to see her?""WHAT!"Lucy gasped and jumped off the couch like it'd burned her. "Three times? Oh no! I should give him the password! Poor Harry, he probably waited around, too..."Megan and Anthony shared an incredulous look."Is he the only one you're nice to?" Megan demanded.Lucy looked at her, and then she grinned and threw her arms around her. "I love you sooooo much, Megan Jones! You're the best filthy muggleborn I've ever known, and you own my whole heart!"Megan cooed and hugged her back. "Awww, I love you too, Lucy. You're the best future prison resident I've ever known!"Lucy thought it was a sweet moment, but Anthony looked at them, disturbed. "You lot are weird," he said. "And that's coming from me."Although Anthony had no room to call people weird, she didn't argue with him. She wanted to see what Harry stopped by for. She released Megan, throwing an amused glance her way. "I'd better go find Harry and see what he wants. Don't go filthying up the place with your muggleness, Megan!"Megan nodded solemnly. "I shall try my hardest, Lucy." Then she started laughing, shaking her head. "We're terrible, did you know that? We're absolutely terrible.""I did know that, actually," Anthony said. "Surprised it's taken you this long to catch on. The first step is acceptance, you know?" Megan punched him in the arm. "Merlin, woman, no need to beat me!"As Lucy left the common room, she said loudly, "Oh, hello, Maxine! Yeah, Rickett's in the common room, and he said you couldn't bench press him if you tried!"Maxine was nowhere in sight, but the terrified shriek Anthony gave as the door swung shut was music to her ears. There was no way he was leaving the common room for the rest of the day. She couldn't blame him... Maxine was terrifying.She walked through the hallways, surprised to note that they were empty; she hadn't passed a single person so far. It was a little past noon at this point and from what she saw, it was windy and cold outside. Still, the students were determined to soak up what little time outside they had left before snow coated the ground."Morning, Riddle," she said, pausing to look at the yellowing autumn leaves. Riddle appeared beside her. He followed her gaze and stared out the window at the changing season. "Or afternoon, I suppose," she amended.He grinned slightly. "Good morning still works. Hogwarts is really something else in the autumn, isn't it?"She nodded. "It's a shame it'll be covered in snow in a month's time..."She started walking again, and he kept pace with her, glancing out the windows all the while. "What's on your evil list of deeds today, Lucy?" He mused. "Are you going to kill another troll? Make Lockhart cry?""You wish," she snorted, shaking her head. She wasn't planning anything that exciting. "No, I'm going to see why Harry tried to get into my common room. Must be important if he tried three times— the Hufflepuffs unnerve him, especially Anthony."Riddle could understand that. He must not have been around Hufflepuffs when he attended Hogwarts; he thought they were the strangest group of people."And then after that?""Homework. Maybe I could practice some spells too, while I'm at it," she said thoughtfully. "I'm not slaying trolls every day. I'm responsible now, didn't you know?""Last time you said that, we skipped History of Magic to walk through the Forbidden Forest," he said bemusedly. "And just yesterday you pelted the Slytherin team with Reductor Curses.""You're awfully accusing for someone who taught me the troll killing spell," Lucy pointed out. He only liked to play innocent when it was in his favor; she looked in his book of spells, some of which he invented or modified to be more gruesome— he didn't exactly have any moral high ground."I didn't tell you to use it," he said innocently.Lucy scowled. There was no use arguing with him— he always won, even if he was wrong. "All right, Tom Riddle. What are you going to do today?" She countered, knowing it would annoy him.As predicted, he her a flat look. "I suppose I'm going to do whatever you decide to do," he said, gesturing between them. "Since I can't exactly move on my own.""That's quitter talk, Tom.""It's physically impossible.""Quitter talk!""We're not having this argument.""That's such a mum thing to say," Lucy complained.Riddle arched an eyebrow at her. "How would you know?"Okay, ouch! Lucy gaped at his absolute ruthlessness. Riddle smirked at her shocked look. "I'm sorry, was that too harsh?" He asked, not looking sorry at all.She looked him in the eyes and put her hands on his shoulders. She couldn't feel anything but it was imperative she did so for the drama of it all. "Riddle, never apologize for a sick burn," she told him in a serious voice.Riddle laughed, and to her delight, it sounded genuine. Observing him, she found he had a few different laughs— one was when she said something genuinely amusing, one when others were in pain and one was sarcastic. So far, she'd experienced more of the latter. She liked when he was happy, and she couldn't help but laugh with him."If Dumbledore could see me talking to thin air, he'd have a heart attack," she snickered. If what Riddle said was true, and the headmaster didn't trust her, she could only imagine his reaction."At first I was worried people would question you talking to thin air, but the more I see you interact with everyone, the less I fear."Okay, that was a fair point. She wasn't exactly the most balanced person out there."Life's a lot more fun when it's absurd," Lucy said, grinning. "Take Snape for example. I don't think he's ever had a happy thought in his life. Can you imagine him smiling?""He smiled when he thought Potter and Weasley were expelled," he recalled."Oh, right." Lucy frowned; she'd forgotten about that. Maybe his smile was so horrifying that she removed it from her memory... That seemed very likely."I have to admit, I'm curious on what the Potter boy has to say," Riddle commented as they neared the common room.She wasn't surprised; he was curious about everything, he just didn't want to say so. She was tempted to call him nosy, but they were getting along so well lately that she didn't want to mess it up by teasing him. It wasn't his fault he didn't know anything, the real Tom Riddle left him somewhere, and he hadn't spoken to anyone in decades. She desperately wanted to know what happened to the diary's creator, but every time she brought it up, Riddle told her to drop it."He probably found something new to be nosy about," she said wisely. Last year had been filled with poking around in other people's' business, there was no way the same would happen this year, despite her wishes it would be a smooth year.Lucy arrived at the Gryffindor common room just as Angelina and Katie stepped out. Although they were two of the chasers she was going to play against, she beamed at the sight of them. "Why hello my third and fourth favorite chasers!"Angelina snorted, and Katie looked at her curiously. "Who's first and second?" She wondered."Daisy is first, of course, but recently Marcus Flint has won a spot in my heart," she swooned. Riddle bristled just from hearing the name, but Angelina burst out laughing."I think you're my fourth favorite," she winked. "Right behind me and the girls. Now, I expect you're not here to admire the scenery?""You know, I was originally, but now that I'm here..." Lucy said slyly.Katie smiled, shaking her head. "The password is 'Morgana'. Merlin knows why— she was a Slytherin."The Fat Lady was appropriately outraged to have two Gryffindors giving out the password, but she couldn't do anything about it. Lucy ignored her scolding and stepped into the common room. Her foot caught on the edge of the opening and she nearly fell face first into the carpet. Riddle, of course, laughed at her."You're rotten," she complained, steadying herself with the wall.He smirked at her. "Maybe I can find a spell to keep you on your feet," he teased."You're rotten!"Ron, sitting in front of the fireplace, gave her a weird look. From his perspective she had just walked into the common room, tripped, and started yelling at the floor."Luce, mate, it's all right— we all fall down once in awhile," he said slowly."Oh. It's you," Lucy plastered on her best Malfoy-like sneer. She could see Ron's temper start to rise at the sight of it. He wasn't angry at her, but the reminder made him angry in general."What's that look for?" He demanded.Before she could answer, Harry walked down the stairs from the boys' dormitory. "Yeah, no, Seamus isn't a lizard—" he stopped himself mid-sentence. "Lucy!"She dropped the sneer immediately and smiled. "Harry!" She repeated, running forward to give him a hug.Ron looked at them, outraged. "He gets a hug and I get a glare? What is this, Lucy? I thought we were friends!""That's just how it is, Ron," Harry told him knowledgeably."What do you mean Seamus isn't a lizard?" She questioned.Harry and Ron shared a long, disturbed look. The latter shook his head and told her gravely, "You don't want to know.""...Okay then..."Lucy sank down into the Gryffindor couch, throwing a nearby blanket over herself. Harry sat in an armchair by Ron and to her amusement, Riddle settled on the couch next to her. She wondered if this was the first time he'd seen the Gryffindor common room. She had an inkling that was the case; he was looking at everything, half curious and half disgusted."So, Harry, what brought you to my humble home three times today?" She asked him, curling up in the blanket. "I am a very busy wizard, you know. I don't have time for just anyone.""Sorry to have disturbed you," Harry joked. He then turned serious, thinking hard on how to explain it to her. "So last night, I had detention with Lockhart...""Gross," she said immediately.Harry nodded. "Gross indeed. It wasn't too bad, just answering his fan mail. By the way, Ron, I'm certain one of them was from your mum.""Oh, what!" Ron complained. He shoved Harry's arm, scowling. "You didn't have to tell me that!""Sorry! Anyway... yeah, answering fan mail— you know what, I take it back, it was awful! My wrist still hurts.""I'm sure it was, but what happened?" Lucy demanded. Usually she was all for interruptions, but she had to admit her curiosity was piqued. Last year, he hadn't bothered to tell her that Fluffy was guarding the Philosopher's Stone. She could only imagine the grand scale of information he thought was worth mentioning."It could have been me being tired..." Harry began. "But I really don't think it was that— it was so clear. It was– well, cold, I'd say. It was a cold voice. I didn't know where it was coming from, but it wasn't in my head– something was somewhere. It kept saying it was going to kill something. Rip it, tear it? Have you heard of anything like that?"She hadn't, nor had she read about it. There were a thousand things it could have been– maybe Lockhart's fanmail turned into hate mail, and it was a howler. Maybe someone was playing a trick on him. Even worse, maybe someone wasn't joking, and something bad was happening at Hogwarts... she hoped that wasn't the case. Last year had been bad enough, couldn't this one be normal for once?She glanced over at Riddle, arching an eyebrow at him. He looked mostly confused and sort of... frustrated? She didn't know why. He caught her eye and immediately went from looking confused to looking sure of himself."It's probably nothing, Lucy," Riddle said, laying a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "I wouldn't worry about it— people play tricks all the time at Hogwarts."Lucy nodded. She trusted his judgment. Turning back to Harry, she smiled apologetically. "I got nothing, Harry. Did you hear it again?""No, just the once," Harry sighed."Well, if you hear it again... then I guess we're going to be a bunch of nosy gits like last year." She pulled a face at the thought; she'd rather play Quidditch and have fun with her friends, not hunt frustrating mysteries.Both Ron and Harry looked satisfied with her answer. There wasn't much they could do; Harry only heard the voice once, and from how quiet Hogwarts had been lately, nothing happened because of it. All they could do was wait to see if the voice had a purpose or ill intent."So what do you want to do now?" Ron asked after a long silence."Homework," she said immediately at the same time Harry said, "Quidditch.""How about neither, since homework stinks and it's freezing outside?" Ron rolled his eyes at the two. "How about Wizard Chess?"Lucy looked at him darkly, remembering how Quirrell sacrificed her on the giant chess board. "If I never play a game of Wizard Chess again, it will be too soon," she hissed."C'mon! I got knocked out too, it wasn't that bad," He argued."You didn't get knocked out by bloody Moldevort.""It's Voldemort, Lucy," Harry sighed.Riddle looked just as disappointed in her."Listen, Harry, when you're as tight-knight with the Dark Lord as I am, you can call him whatever you want," Lucy told him.Harry rolled his eyes while Ron was horrified at the casual mention of Lord Voldemort. "I'll keep that in mind next time I meet him," he said sarcastically. "I'll walk up to him and say, 'Yeah, my mate Lucy thinks you're a laugh— want to grab lunch some time?' I'm sure he'll be pleased.""See, now you're getting it!""Can you both stop talking about You-Know-Who?" Ron groaned.Lucy blinked at him. "I don't know who you're talking about. Can you be more clear?""You know full well who I'm talking about," he glared.She caught Harry's eye, willing for him to join in. He grinned mischievously before sobering himself, turning to face Ron."I'm afraid we don't," she said solemnly. "Maybe if you clarify, we can stop this conversation and play some Wizard Chess.""You're not really going to make me..." Ron trailed off as he took note of their mischievous smiles. He glanced toward Lucy. "You'll really play Wizard Chess if I do? And you won't make it weird by being friends with the pieces?""You do that?" Riddle said incredulously. He shook his head, sighing. "No, never mind. I'm not surprised.""I promise. Now say it, Weasley!""Say it," Harry agreed."I will! Give me a moment," Ron scowled.She and Harry started chanting in unison, "Say it say it say it say it say it say it!""Merlin," Ron looked like he wished he was friends with literally anyone else in the world."Wrong name, no points given," Lucy sighed, shaking her head.Ron threw his hands in the air exasperatedly. "Voldemort! Okay? Voldemort!""WHO SUMMONED ME?!"Ron let out a shriek as Fred Weasley appeared behind him, clamping his hands down on his shoulders and shaking him violently. He threw himself off the chair and turned around, his face pale and his heart hammering in his chest."What- what the HELL, FRED!" He shouted.That was it. He killed her. Fred killed her.Lucy fell sideways onto the couch, clutching her ribs as she laughed. Harry wasn't doing any better, and Fred and George leaned on the sofa. All four of them had tears of laughter streaming down their faces. Even Riddle was trying his best to fight a smile."You all suck!" Ron hissed. "I nearly had a heart attack, you bleeding prats!"No one could manage any human words. Hermione came out of her dorm, pausing at the scene in front of her: four of her friends laughing while Ron lay on the ground, white as a ghost."What happened here?" She demanded.Ron glared at the four of them and walked over, grabbing Hermione's hand. "We're leaving," he declared. He started leading her out of the common room."Where? Why?""We'll do homework, I don't know— anywhere but here!"Hermione suddenly looked very, very afraid. If something scared Ron to the point where he volunteered to do homework... she didn't want to know. They left through the portrait hole, and slowly but surely, the other four managed to get a hold of themselves."So..." Harry took off his jacket and cleaned the lenses with his shirt. They had tear stains on them. "Want to play Quidditch?"Lucy rolled her eyes, pushing herself off the couch. "Good lord, do you think about anything else?""I do!" He protested."Yeah? Like what?""Sometimes I think about food."She headed toward the door. "Goodbye forever, Harry," she told him. "I'm off to join the Dark Lord's ranks, all because of you and your impudence!"Harry and the twins laughed as she left. Riddle didn't look as amused."Bring us back a souvenir!" George called after her."Your first born son on a platter? Certainly!"The rest of the month passed far too quickly for Lucy's liking, but she was feeling a strange amount of exhaustion. She chalked it up to Quidditch practice, but even that didn't account for the four other days of the week she was tired.It was October now, and coldness seeped through the castle and even into the warm Hufflepuff common room. Madam Pomfrey's infirmary was filled with students lining up for Pepper-Up potions. As stubborn as Lucy was, even she was feeling the effects of sickness taking over her."You should go to the hospital wing and get it over with," Riddle scolded her after she sneezed on her homework for the tenth time that night.They were sitting beside each other by the Black Lake, and every time she sneezed, he inched further away. It was ridiculous seeing as she couldn't very well touch him."No! And have smoke pouring out of my ears?" She pulled a face at the thought. In Potions class today, she and Malfoy mocked everyone who showed up with steam pouring out of their ears. If she succumbed to the same fate, she'd never hear the end of it."It's a small price to pay. You've had this cold for a week, I'm sick of hearing you cough all the time. It's gross.""Okay, Tom Riddle, have you ever taken Pepper-Up potion?""Yes, when I happened to get sick," he replied.There was no sign of it, but Lucy was certain he was lying."I don't believe you," she told him.Riddle arched an eyebrow at her. "Why wouldn't I take the potion? It's the most sensible thing to do. Am I not sensible?""Yeah, I'm sure you'd willing walk around with steam pouring out of your ears," she said sarcastically. "There's no way— you probably brewed it yourself if you had to and took it overnight, so no one would notice."To her surprise, he let out a laugh. He gave her an impressed look. "You're spot on. You know me well," he mused. He then shook his head. "The point is, I took the potion, and so should you."Lucy was awfully tempted to sneeze on him, but then she'd be left to do her Potions assignment on her own."That's not the point at all, the point is I don't want smoke pouring out of my ears," she scowled."But it would look ridiculous— isn't that your thing?"For a moment, Lucy was convinced by that fact, and she was about to run and take the potion. She leapt to her feet and started toward the castle— then she realized Riddle's sneaky trick. "You're such a snake!" She complained, sitting right back down. "I almost fell for it, too. You'll have to be sneakier than that to fool me, Riddle!"Riddle looked satisfied that he'd almost convinced her, anyway. "I still made you consider it," he smirked.His smile fell away, and he turned to her, putting on his 'I'm older so you have to listen to what I say' look. He pulled that card an awful lot. "If you're still sneezing by Halloween, you're going to the hospital wing, and that's final.""Pfft, Halloween's two weeks away! That's fine by me, Tom," she snorted. Her snorting made her choke, and she coughed into her arms. It sounded horrid, like a frog might jump out of her throat.Riddle pulled a face at the sound, but he looked happier at the prospect of him winning a bet. "You won't be better by then," he said resolutely. "And you will go to the hospital wing.""Hah! You're going to be wrong for the first time in your life, Riddle."As it turned out, Riddle was not wrong. He never was, the stupid git. A few days before Halloween, Lucy's cold was worse than ever; it'd gotten to the point where Heidi, her fellow chaser, was too paranoid to catch the Quaffle from her in case it had diseases on it.That suited her just fine; at least then Heidi wouldn't try and kill her by throwing the Quaffle into odd places and expecting her to die trying to catch it... Although the way things were looking now, she'd be in the hospital wing by Halloween. Riddle hadn't outwardly gloated about it, but his smug look each time she sneezed made Lucy want to fight him.Shamefully, she hadn't caused much trouble in the month of October. For one, she had been sick for most of it, and also, her professors genuinely believed she had turned over a new leaf. Professor McGonagall looked at her with pride as she worked quietly in Transfiguration, and Professor Snape no longer gave her random detentions every time she entered the room.Even Lockhart had gotten less insufferable recently. His Creative Writing Club was still "in the works", as he put it, and he was getting ready for a grand reveal... She was not looking forward to that...Riddle was as helpful as always, which meant that he equally teased her as much as he showed her spells. Right now, he was teaching her conjuration, and she practiced it at every given chance. Even now, as she watched Harry practice Quidditch, she tried her hand at conjuring herself an umbrella. Because it was freezing and raining outside."I don't understand why you're sitting here in the rain," Riddle huffed, sitting next to her on the bleachers. "Watching the other team practice, out of all things. Do you enjoy being cold?""I think the rain gives me more incentive to conjure the umbrella," Lucy countered. She winced as Harry and Angelina collided and smashed into the mud. She then grinned as Fred and George soon followed. "The violence is a plus, too."She waved her wand, concentrating on an umbrella appearing. Still nothing. The rain beat down on her further."This is pointless," Riddle sighed. "Conjuration is the second most complex form of transfiguration— I don't know why we're bothering right now.""I believe it's because you told me I couldn't do it, and now you're stuck watching me until I manage it," she said, grinning. He should know better by now not to challenge her... It never ended well."Yes, that's it," he said dryly. "Maybe instead of trying to show off, you can say the spell out loud?""Now that you've told me to, I won't."Riddle put his face in his hands as Lucy waved her wand again. To her delight, something started to materialize, and she watched hopefully as the stem of an umbrella appeared... except it didn't have the part to keep her dry."Oh, come on!""Luce, why are you talking to yourself over there?" Harry called from the air."Just going crazy, don't mind me!" she called back.She recently realized that she didn't need long explanations to explain away her strange behavior— she was such a madman on a daily basis that talking to thin air wasn't considered strange for her. As long as she didn't do it all the time, no one really questioned it. Still, it bothered Riddle when she did so, so in class she had to resort to writing in the diary manually. Gross.Oliver Wood also stopped beside Harry to stare at her. "Why is the Hufflepuff chaser even here?" he demanded. "She could be spying on our moves!""Wood, I've been watching you lot play and trust me— you'd be better off stealing from us."Riddle snorted, and even the Weasley Twins laughed at Wood's outraged expression."Come on, Ollie, she's allowed!" Fred flew closer to slap the Gryffindor captain on the back."She tried to blow up Flint, remember?" George added."Yeah, I suppose," Wood said grudgingly. He looked at his battered, muddy team and heaved a great sigh. "We might as well call it, for today. But don't think we won't put in a few hours tomorrow!""You'd better not, if you don't want to die, Wood!" Angelina threw the Quaffle at his head. He caught it and glared at her.Lucy vanished her umbrella and headed out of the bleachers to meet up with Harry. She didn't particularly enjoy watching Quidditch in the first place, but Harry's flying was always so good that she wouldn't want to miss it."Have fun, Luce?" Harry went to sling an arm around her shoulder, and she ducked out of the way."Gross, you're all muddy!""Am I?" He lunged forward and wrapped his arms around her, effectively coating her with loads of mud."You're such a git!"Harry released her and stepped back, laughing. She had mud all down her sweater now. Whoever did her laundry would not be amused.Scowling, she pointed her wand at the ground and said, "Reducto!" and a great wave of mud washed over both of them. Even if she sprayed herself, at least she tried to counter him."Using magic's cheating," he complained.Lucy grinned, twirling her wand between her fingers. "All's fair in love and war, dear Harry.""This isn't love and war. This is cold and wet.""Same thing, don't you think?"They walked up to the castle, each kicking mud at the other the whole way up there. In the back of her mind Lucy knew she could easily scourgify the both of them, but she wanted Harry to feel the pain of his muddy clothes. It was all fun and games walking through the rain— once they got inside, it'd be much more uncomfortable."You look like a pair of swamp trolls," Riddle told them, unamused as they tracked mud through the hallway. "If I was a prefect, I'd have you in detention for weeks for this.""Prefects are lame, don't you think, Harry?" She asked Harry, shooting a pointed glance in Tom's direction.Harry gave her a confused look. "I mean, I haven't thought about it. I might want to be one, someday.""I'm liking Potter more every day," Riddle smirked."Traitors, the both of you," she muttered.She sneezed, and this time she aimed it Riddle's way. She pulled this on him a few times already, and each time it made him burst out into a rant. Sure enough, he jumped back, disgusted."How many times do I have to tell you, Lucy! That's horrible!" He snapped."Prefects sure are lame," she repeated.Harry shot her an odd look. He was saved from replying as they rounded the corner; Nearly Headless Nick floated by a window, staring morosely outside. "... Don't fulfill their requirements... half an inch, if that..." he was muttering."Hello Nick," Harry said politely."Sup, headless man," Lucy nodded.Nearly Headless Nick was too surprised to see them to be offended by her. "Hello, hello!" His eyes scanned over their muddy appearances, and he floated backward. What was with spectres and being afraid of germs? "You two look troubled, young ones," he said, tucking a transparent letter into his pocket."So do you," Harry pointed out."What's up, Nick?" Lucy asked. "We're all friends here.""Ah... A matter of no importance..." Nick began coyly; it was clear he was desperate to rant to someone, but he was too elegant to say so. "It's not as though I really wanted to join... Thought I'd apply, but apparently I 'don't fulfill requirements'—" His somber demeanor vanished, and he erupted into a rant. "But you would think, wouldn't you, that getting hit forty-five times in the neck with a blunt axe would qualify you to join the headless hunt?""Oh— yes," Harry agreed. He didn't know what Nick was talking about, but it seemed the right time to say yes.Lucy was more ferocious in her answer. "You know that's more than enough, Nick!" she burst out. "Forty-Five times... these fools haven't had scarcely a third of that!""I mean, no one wishes more than I do that it had all been quick and clean, and my head had come off properly, I mean, it would have saved me a great deal of pain and ridicule. However—" Fueled by Lucy's loud proclamation, he furiously pulled out his letter and read it: "We can only accept huntsmen whose heads have parted company with their bodies. You will appreciate that it would be impossible otherwise for members to participate in hunt activities such as horseback Head-Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the greatest regret, therefore, that I must inform you that you do not fulfill our requirements. With very best wishes, Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore.""Well, he doesn't fill the requirements," Riddle scoffed, crossing his arms over his chest. "It's a headless hunt. He still has his head."Lucy glared venomously in his direction. Traitor!"Half an inch of skin and sinew holding my neck on, Harry! Most people would think that's good and beheaded, but oh, no, it's not enough for Sir Properly Decapitated-Podmore!" Nick continued."It's not enough— that's not what beheaded means," Riddle said exasperatedly.I've had enough of this nonsense from you, Riddle, Lucy thought to herself. Couldn't he see the injustice of it all? That Nearly Headless Nick clearly dreamed of joining the headless hunt? There had to be some activities he could participate in!Nick took several deep, calming breaths in. He looked at the two, free of any fury. "So— what's bothering you? Anything I can do?""No, Nick, what can I do for you? Do you want me to exorcise Podmore? Because I will absolutely exorcise Podmore," Lucy said seriously.Nearly Headless Nick chuckled. "You're very kind, but I like to think I'm a little more chivalrous than Podmore.""You should start your own ghost club! I'd come to watch it! I'd die to join it!""Quit encouraging him," Riddle scolded as Nearly Headless Nick was beginning to be convinced by her words.A high mewling drew Lucy out of her thoughts of a ghost-revolution, and she looked down at her ankles to see Mrs. Norris staring up at them with yellow eyes."Oh hey, little lady!" Lucy cooed, crouching down to scratch under Mrs. Norris's chin. The cat looked grumpy at her attention, but there was no mistaking the purr that made its way out of Mrs. Norris's throat."You'd better get out of here, kids," Nick said quickly. "Filch isn't in a good mood— he's got the flu and some third years accidentally plastered frog brains all over the ceiling in dungeon five. He's been cleaning all morning, and if he sees you dripping mud all over the place—""Then Filch and I will have a sneeze off," Lucy nodded, like that had been the proper answer all along.Harry grabbed her arm and pulled her along. "Right, that's not happening," he told her. He began pulling her away from Mrs. Norris's gaze, but they weren't fast enough; Filch burst out of a tapestry to their right, looking worse than Lucy did."Filth!" he yelled, staring at the muddy puddle beneath Lucy and Harry's feet. "Mess and muck everywhere! I've had enough of it, I tell you! Follow me!""What filth?" Lucy said. She made a show of looking around as Harry followed Filch.Filch turned around and gave her a murderous glare. "I said, follow me!""I know you said it, but you never specified where or when. And might I add, why or how? We've established the who, of course—"Snarling, Filch lunged forward and grabbed her wrist, pulling her painfully through the hallway. For being sick, he had an iron grip, and she made a pained face at the tightness of his fingers around her wrist.Riddle stared darkly at the caretaker, walking right behind Lucy.They were led to Filch's office. She had been here a few times, and it never ceased to depress her. It looked like more of a dungeon than the actual dungeons looked; it was windowless and hardly lit at all, and all the walls had wooden filing cabinets. She noted that a few students had drawers to herself— to her delight, she was one of those students. Filch shoved her into the office, daring her to try and escape.She absently rubbed her wrist, all the while looking at the cabinets. "It looks like you've redecorated," she said, examining the chains behind his desk. "Did you polish recently?""Name... Harry potter. Crime..." Filch was muttering."It was only a bit of mud!" Harry protested."It's only a bit of mud to you, boy, but to me, it's an extra hour scrubbing! Crime... befouling the castle... suggested sentence..."Before he could write more, there was a loud BANG on the ceiling of the office. The cabinets rattled, and Filch jumped out of his chair. "PEEVES!" He roared. "I've have you this time, I'll have you!"He ran from the office, Mrs. Norris following closely behind."Should we run?" Harry said cautiously, looking toward the door.Lucy shook her head. "Nah, I've done that— only gets you double the detention."Harry shrugged and then sat in the chair next to Filch's desk. It took him less than ten seconds to start snooping, and he picked up an envelope off the desk. Meanwhile, Lucy looked at the filing cabinets.Her eyes fell on a familiar name. Grinning, she looked over at Harry. His father had a drawer to himself. Her friend was absorbed in opening Filch's letter, so she decided to take matters into her own hands. Pulling out her wand, she tapped it on the filing cabinet's lock. "Alohomora," she muttered.She promptly grabbed all the files, stuffing them into her satchel. She locked the cabinet again afterward."Kwikspell," Harry read aloud, holding it in his hands.Riddle had been quietly stewing up until now, but as Harry said that, he walked over to peer over his shoulder at the letter. Lucy held back a grin; they were both alike in many ways, their nosiness included."He's a squib," Riddle muttered to himself. His eyes fell upon Lucy's wrist, and glancing down, she could see purple marks appearing. Riddle's gaze darkened, and he disappeared without another word.At that moment, Filch walked back into his office. "That vanishing cabinet was extremely valuable!" He was telling Mrs. Norris. "We'll have Peeves out this time, my sweet—" his eyes fell on Harry, then to the envelope which was definitely not in the place he had left it. Filch's face turned an ugly red. "Have you— did you read—?""No," Harry said quickly."If I thought you'd read my private— not that it's mine— for a friend, be that as it may— however—""Flich, I think you should take a deep breath in," Lucy advised. "You're looking a bit tense.""Very well— go—" he spluttered, "And don't breathe a word... not that... however, if you didn't read— go now, I have to write up Peeves' report— go—"Lucy could hardly believe their luck. Filch never let any student go... She and Harry fled from his office, out of the dungeon and back upstairs. They slowed to a walk, and she turned and pointed her wand at him."Scourgify," she cast on both of them, and all the mud disappeared.Harry looked at her, annoyed. "You couldn't have done that earlier?""You made me muddy, I wasn't going to clean you up.""Harry! Harry, did it work?" Nearly Headless Nick burst from a classroom. Through him, there was a shattered black and gold cabinet. "I persuaded Peeves to crash it over Filch's office. Thought it might distract him.""Was that you?" Harry said, pleased. "Yeah, it worked, I didn't even get detention. Thanks, Nick!"As they walked further down the corridor, Harry kept glancing at Nick's letter. "I wish there was something I could do for you about the Headless Hunt..." he said apologetically.Nick stopped, and to Lucy's amusement, Harry stepped through him. He shivered at the feeling. Lucy could relate— whenever Riddle brushed against her, it was always such a cold feeling."But there is something you could do for me," Nick said excitedly. "Harry— would I be asking too much— but, no, you wouldn't want...""What is it?" Harry asked."Well, this Halloween will be my five hundreth deathday.""YES! Congratulations, Nick!" Lucy held up her hand for a high-five. She didn't know if a deathday was a good thing or not, but five hundred years excited her anyway. Amused, Nick humored her, even though his hand fell through hers. "What a milestone!" she exclaimed."Yes, quite," Nick agreed. "I'm holding a party down in one of the roomier dungeons. Friends will be coming from all over the country. It would be an honor if you two would attend. Mr. Weasley and Miss. Granger would be most welcome too, of course—" his gaze then fell to Lucy, and he looked nervous. "Please don't bring Mr. Rickett.. I'm afraid he would disrupt the ceremony.""I wouldn't dream of it, Nick," Lucy assured him."No, we'll come," Harry said hurriedly."My dear boy! Harry Potter, at my deathday party! And—" he looked extremely excited. "Do you think you could possible mention to Sir Patrick how very frightening and impressive you find me?""You bloody bet I will," Lucy said fiercely.She could hardly believe Nick was inviting her. She imagined herself surrounded by hundreds of dead people, and in every scenerio, she ended up saying something horrible insensitive. And hilarious.She couldn't wait.As it turned out, she would have to wait, because by the time Halloween came around, she was still horribly sick. And Riddle wasn't budging an inch."It's the deathday party! I promised Nick!" she protested, but the effect was somewhat dulled by her voice cracking halfway through. She entered another coughing fit."It's going to be your deathday party if you don't," Riddle said sternly. "I don't know why you said you'd go in the first place... It's utterly useless...""I have to go," she said, determined. It was afternoon, and she spent the entire day in her dorm.She wanted to give Harry the detention files on his dad she stole out of Filch's office, but she hadn't gotten a chance in the past few days— she figured today was as good a day as any."I'll go to the hospital wing tomorrow." She picked her satchel up, slinging it around her shoulder.Riddle followed her unhappily into the common room. "You promised me you would go if you weren't better by Halloween. Are you breaking your promise, Lucy?" he said in a low voice.Lucy rolled her eyes at his dramatics, when a hazy feeling came over her. The once loud common room seemed to become muffled background noise, and the only thing she could clearly hear was Riddle's voice.He looked at her, concerned. "You look pale, Lucy, I think you should lay down," he told her in a soft voice."I.. I'm good." She tried to fight the hazy feeling away, but as she tried, it seemed to crash over her like a wave. She stumbled a bit, exhaustion hitting her like a brick.Anthony spotted her from the couch, and he hurried over to her. She could see his mouth moving. Was he speaking? She couldn't hear anything."Please, Lucy, lay down," Riddle repeated. His voice was coming from all directions. Blackness seeped in the edges of her vision.Another wave came over her, and Lucy collapsed, falling into Anthony's arms."What do you mean she's not coming?" Ron demanded, outraged after Harry broke the news that their favorite insane friend wasn't coming along."I asked Anthony and he told me she was in the Hospital Wing, she passed out," Harry said, frowning. He'd been in to visit her, and true to Anthony's words, she was out cold. Madame Pomfrey told him it was a fever before she ushered him out to give her room.He felt bad for her; he knew how much she was looking forward to the Deathday party, and now she would have to miss it. Although he had to admit, she didn't look very sprightly in the past month. It concerned him how pale she looked all the time, and even when she was pulling pranks, she had an air of exhaustion around her."Maybe we shouldn't go," Ron said hopefully. "Since Lucy can't go, and all..."Hermione glared at him. "A promise is a promise," she repeated. "If we don't go, who's going to tell Lucy what the party's like? We have to go for her."If Harry didn't want to go before, he was certainly rejuvenated now. He had to experience this horrid Deathday party— he had to live like he was Lucy."Mate, I don't like the gleam that's just come into your eye," Ron said slowly.Harry gave him a solemn look. "I'm channelling Lucy tonight, I'm afraid.""Why would you?" His friend said, horrified."Because someone has to."Harry tried to keep Lucy in mind as they passed the glittering, warm Great Hall to head to the dungeons. He hadn't sat through the feast last year either, since they saved Hermione from a troll. He wished he was missing the feast for equally important reasons.The dungeons were freezing, even more so than usual. Harry wrapped his robes tighter around him, and he took in the sights of the grim decorations. He wondered who put them up— certainly not Filch? And as he looked at the rotting food, he still couldn't fathom who would willingly do such a thing."My dear friends," Nearly Headless Nick greeted them mournfully, spreading out his arms. "Welcome, welcome... So pleased you could come..." His eyes looked for their missing party member. "Where's Miss Rochester?""She's sick," Harry said apologetically. "She really wanted to come. Sorry, Nick.""She sends her regards," Hermione added, even though it was likely that Lucy would have passed along a more ridiculous message."She did look rather unwell..." Nick muttered. He swept off his hat and gestured them into the dungeon.The party passed slowly, and Harry found himself counting down the seconds until they could leave. The horrible smells, the scraping music, it was all horrible. He found himself longing for the food in the Great Hall, but he couldn't think of a proper enough excuse to leave. He wished Lucy was here to liven up the party— with how horrible everything was, he was certain his friend would have a splendid time.Once Sir Patrick arrived, Harry was determined to channel his inner Lucy. At Nick's meaningful look, he turned to face Sir Patrick, plastering what he hoped was a disturbed look."I'm glad you can take your head off all the way, Sir Patrick— it puts me at ease, really," Harry said without paying much attention to his words. "The first time Nick detached his head, I had nightmares for weeks. How gory is it, having your neck chopped forty-six times?"Catching on, Hermione nodded fervently. "After getting over my fear, I think it's very impressive... Oh, Nick, the first years are terrified of you!"Sir Patrick's smug grin faded, and he looked between the children for signs of any lies. When he found none, he huffed, looking back to Nick. "Well... Good to see you have a name for yourself, Nick," he said stiffly.Harry fought the grin that was threatening to appear. After seeing Nick in high spirits, he took it as a cue to finally leave. They left the dungeon, shivering and terribly hungry."Pudding might not be finished yet," Ron said wistfully as they headed toward the steps.Harry heard his stomach growl at the sound. And then a different sound entered his head..."...rip... tear... kill..."Shivers worked their way up Harry's spine. It was the same voice from Lockhart's office— the same chilling, murderous tenor. He stopped in his tracks and grabbed onto the wall, putting his ear against it. He looked around the corridor, squinting to see anything."Harry, what're you?" Ron began."It's that voice again— shut up a minute—""...sooooo hungry... for so long...""Listen!" Harry looked from Ron to Hermione incredulously. How could they not hear it? It was so clear, so evil."Kill... time to kill..."The voice faded. He heard it from above him— how was it moving upward? Images of horrible creatures flashed to the front of his mind, terrifying limbed beings climbing their way up the walls, and it made him clutch his wand tighter. No, he told himself, it doesn't matter what it is. Someone was in danger."This way!" He shouted, and he ran up the stairs and into the entrance hall. Confused as they were, Ron and Hermione followed close behind. He ran past the Great Hall, up the staircase to the first floor."Harry, what're we-""SHH!" he hissed furiously.From above him, the voice returned. It was still faint and growing fainter. "...I smell blood... ...I SMELL BLOOD!""It's going to kill someone!" Harry gasped, and he sprinted up the next stairs, tackling them three at a time. If he had the time, he would admire his stair climbing skill, but that was the last thing on his mind at the moment. He sprinted through the second floor, his friends close behind, and he didn't stop until they reached a deserted passage."Harry, what was that about?" Ron panted, wiping a bead of sweat from his forehead. "I couldn't hear anything..."Hermione gasped. She pointed down the corridor. "Harry, look!"He couldn't see it, so he walked closer. Between two windows, he could see large words painted on the wall. They seemed wet, and they glimmered in the light of the torches.THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEENOPENED. ENEMIES OF THE HEIR, BEWARE.Ron's voice trembled, pointing to a ledge. "What's that thing— hanging underneath?"Walking closer, Harry nearly slipped on a huge puddle of water. His friends caught him, and together, they inched closer. Harry leaped back as soon as he saw it; Mrs Norris was stiff as a board, hanging by her tail from the torch."Let's get out of here," Ron said in a hushed voice."Shouldn't we try and help—" Harry began."Trust me, we don't want to be found here—"The sounds of hundreds of footsteps approaching told them that they were too late. From each direction, students arrived, happily talking to one another. Then all the sounds vanished, and the rest of the Hogwarts population stood, silently staring at Mrs. Norris and the three Gryffindors.Draco Malfoy pushed to the front of the crowd. "Enemies of the Heir, beware!" Malfoy leered. "You'll be next, Mudbloods!""What's going on here? What's going on here?"Harry wanted to be literally anywhere else; Ron was right, they didn't want to be found here. Argus Filch pushed his way through the crowd, and as he looked at Mrs. Norris, his face drained of all color."My cat! My cat! What's happened to Mrs. Norris!" he shrieked.His eyes fell upon Harry, and he lunged forward. "You! You! You've murdered my cat! You've killed her! I'll kill you, I'll—"Before Harry could open his mouth to explain he was innocent, Dumbledore and the rest of the professors arrived at the scene. "Argus!" he cut across the man and removed Mrs. Norris from the torch. "Come with me," he told the caretaker. "You, too, Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley, Ms. Granger, Ms. Rochester—""Sir, Lucy's not with us," Hermione told him hesitantly.Dumbledore looked genuinely surprised. He looked around, and sure enough, he wasn't. "My mistake." Though it was a grim scene, he still managed a smile. "I've come to expect the four of you in a package."Yeah, me too, Harry thought miserably."My office is nearest, Headmaster- just upstairs- please feel free," Lockhart offered eagerly.Harry didn't think there was a professor he could hate more than Snape, and then he met Gilderoy Lockhart. Mrs. Norris may have died this evening, but Lockhart was the worst part of tonight."Thank you, Gilderoy," Dumbledore said. He led them through the crowd and up to Lockhart's office. It was lined with portraits of himself, all of which had hair curlers and dodged out of the frame at the company.Dumbledore set Mrs. Norris on the desk and examined her carefully. All the while, Lockhart rambled on. "It was definitely a curse that killed her- probably the Transmogrifian Torture- I've seen it used many times, so unlucky I wasn't there, I know the very countercurse that would have saved her..."Filch let out a sob, and Harry glared at the professor. He hated Filch, but he felt sorry for the man; he couldn't imagine losing Hedwig so abruptly."She's not dead, Argus," Dumbledore said, straightening up."Not dead?" Filch said, stunned. "But why's she all- all stiff and frozen?""She's been petrified. But how, I cannot say...""Ask him!" Filch shrieked, and he pointed at Harry.Oh, great, Harry thought."No second year could have done this," Dumbledore said firmly. "It would take Dark Magic of the most advanced—""He did it, he did it!" Filch spat. "You saw what he wrote on the wall! He found- in my office- he knows I'm a- I'm a... He knows I'm a Squib!""I never touched Mrs. Norris!" Harry said, looking around nervously at the stares directed at him. "And I don't even know what a Squib is.""Rubbish! He saw my Kwikspell letter!""If I may speak, Headmaster," Snape said, stepping out from the shadows.Please don't, Harry thought miserably. This would be, what, the second time Snape's tried to expel him this year?"Potter and his friends may have simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time, but we do have a set of suspicious circumstances here. Why was he in the upstairs corridor at all? Why wasn't he at the Halloween feast?"Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurriedly explained the Deathday party, and how there were hundreds of ghosts there as witnesses."But why not join the feast?" Snape countered. "Why go up to that corridor?""Because- because-" Harry searched his mind for an explanation that wouldn't make him sound like a raving lunatic."And," Snape began, as though he would unleash a finishing blow. "Where is the fourth member of your party, I wonder...? Lucille Rochester... She wasn't at the feast, now was she? She's the only one unaccounted for in this story..."To Harry's horror, even Headmaster Dumbledore began to look suspicious as well. "She's in the hospital wing," he said angrily, "You can ask Madame Pomfrey— you can ask Anthony Rickett who saw her pass out!"Snape's smile faded. He'd been sure he was onto something. "That doesn't explain why you didn't go back to your dorms," he said icily.In a stroke of brilliance, Ron said, "We wanted to visit Lucy and see if she was awake yet! We felt bad, since she really wanted to go to the Deathday party..."McGonagall and Sprout looked particularly touched by this sentiment, while Snape scowled angrily at them."The Hospital Wing is on the first floor, Weasley," Snape said, sneering."She left her jumper in the Gryffindor common room," Hermione countered."Hufflepuffs aren't allowed in the Gryffindor common room. I will be speaking to Ms. Rochester about this—" Snape began.Professor Sprout cut him off. "I believe that's a matter between Minerva and I!" She then turned to McGonagall. "Does my Hufflepuff have permission to go into your common room?" she said pointedly."Of course," McGonagall replied.Harry didn't think it was possible to respect Professor McGonagall more than he already did, but alas, he was proven wrong.Snape's resolve to stick them with something only seemed to harden. "I suggest, Headmaster, that Potter is not being entirely truthful. It might be a good idea if he were deprived of certain privileges until he is ready to tell us the whole story. I personally feel he should be taken off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until he is ready to be honest."Harry stared at him, horrified."Really, Severus," McGonagall snapped. "I see no reason to stop the boy playing Quidditch. This cat wasn't hit over the head with a broomstick. There is no evidence at all that Potter has done anything wrong.""And I don't appreciate accusations against my student, when she isn't here to defend herself," Professor Sprout added.Dumbledore nodded in agreement. "Innocent until proven guilty, Severus."Snape and Filch were both seething. Harry would have felt more triumphant if he wasn't staring at a petrified cat."We will be able to cure her, Argus," Dumbledore continued. "Professor Sprout recently managed to procure some Mandrakes. As soon as they have reached their full size, I will have a potion made that will revive Mrs. Norris."Filch didn't look satisfied, but at least he had stopped screaming at Harry.Dumbledore then turned to Harry and his friends. "You may go," he said calmly. As they left, right before the door closed, Harry caught one last snippet of conversation. "...And I will be stopping by the hospital wing, to see if Ms. Rochester is, indeed, sick."Harry resisted the urge to scowl.Like Lucy would ever harm a cat— if she had the ability, she would have gone for Filch.

Lucy woke up abruptly, her heart hammering in her chest as though she had just been running. Quickly, she sat up in bed and looked toward the clock on the wall. Nearly midnight. She'd missed the feast.Moonlight streamed through the window, illuminating the satchel on her bedside table. It was the only thing she had with her when she passed out, and she felt a great deal of relief seeing it there. She shuddered to think what would happen if she'd lost the diary...She felt wide awake. The exhausted, dazed state she'd been in seemed to have washed away with her fall, and she stared out the window, watching the clouds pass over the moon. She coughed quietly into her arm."You're finally awake?"She nearly let out a yelp, clamping her hand over her mouth. She whipped her head over to glare at Riddle, who was sitting in the visitor's chair beside the hospital bed. He smirked, seeing he'd startled her. "Happy Halloween," he said; it was a few minutes until midnight, so technically, she hadn't missed the holiday— only everything remotely fun about it."Happy Halloween," Lucy returned. Madame Pomfrey wouldn't hear any of this, so there was no need to be quiet. She slept in a room close by the hospital wing. "Pity there wasn't a troll to fight this time around."She'd already told him about that excursion, so he chuckled at the reference. "It can't all be that exciting," he said. "Are you feeling better? You had quite the fall— it was a good thing that Rickett boy caught you.""Anthony's legendary," she agreed. She imagined he had been panicking afterward, and she felt sort of bad. "I'm alright— it was probably Sir Patrick Podmore possessing me to spite Nick. You can't trust men, you know that, Riddle? You just can't. Especially dead men."Riddle eyed her strangely. If he thought she was mad, he was too polite to say it while she was sick. "I'll... I'll keep that in mind, Lucy."He looked especially ghost-like in the pale moonlight, but there was a sort of buzzing energy about him that made Lucy feel excited, too. His fingers drummed on the arms of the chair as he stared thoughtfully into the distance. She wondered what he was thinking about.Since she wasn't feeling tired either and it was a long while until morning, she slid from the hospital bed and walked over to the cabinet. Riddle's eyes followed her, confused, but realization dawned over him when he saw the box she held in her hands."Chess? At midnight?" He said incredulously."I've got to celebrate Halloween somehow," she shrugged. She didn't like chess after last year, but she knew Riddle wouldn't want to play something as simple as checkers. And who knows— maybe there would be another life sized chess board in the near future. It was always good to brush up on your skills.Ten minutes later, Lucy sat in the hospital bed. She already lost one match to him, much to his amusement. He sat criss-crossed on the foot of her bed, and although he couldn't move the pieces with his own voice, he certainly gloated about his winning."Rook to A4," Riddle said lazily, as though he could have decided so with his eyes closed.Lucy groaned, realizing it would take out her knight. Still, she was nothing if not a gracious loser. "Rook to A4," she said in a low, posh voice that sounded remarkably close to his."You don't have to imitate me every time," he scowled."Yes, I do. Bishop to D5."Riddle smirked. She had a feeling she made a mistake. "You're not very good at this, are you?" he said innocently."If you have a problem with my chess skills, take it up with Lord Voldemort. He's the one who taught me," Lucy scowled.Like he did every time she brought up her bizarre interactions with the Dark Lord, Riddle looked disturbed and confused."Right— you've mentioned that two times without explanation. This is the time you explain," he said firmly.Ever since she mentioned it over summer break, he had been desperate to know exactly how and why Voldemort would bother teaching her such a trivial thing like chess. He was genuinely distraught about it. She kindly refused to acknowledge it; it was too fun seeing him grow distressed over it."It's your move, then I'll tell you." She decided to take pity on him tonight and tell him all about her chess lessons. Maybe she'd lie and tell him Quirrell and Voldemort co-coordinated a chess club that they invited all the blonde students into. Would Riddle believe it? No. Would he be annoyed by it? Yes."Fine— pawn to D3."Imitating him again, Lucy said, "Pawn to D3. Oh, that's a checkmate! Son of a bi—""Miss Rochester, what are you doing up?"Lucy froze mid-swear, sharing a horrified look with Riddle. Right there in the entrance to the hospital wing was Headmaster Dumbledore himself, followed closely by Madame Pomfrey, Snape, McGonagall, and Sprout. Professor Sprout carried something wrapped in a sheet in her arms.She looked between the three of them, and then back to the chessboard she was seemingly playing by herself. Solemnly, she told the headmaster, "With all due respect, professor, I think it's very clear what I'm doing.""Who's winning?" Professor Sprout couldn't help but ask."You know, Professor, you'd think I would be winning since it's just me, but I can't help but feel like I've lost." She chanced a glare Riddle's way, and although he was looking at the professors, she could see a smirk pulling at his lips.She turned her attention to the bundle Sprout was carrying. "If you don't mind me asking, what's that?" she said, pointing."I do mind—" Snape began, like a git.Dumbledore cut him off. "There has been an attack," he said. He eyed Lucy's reaction carefully."On what? A pillow?" She asked. She was terribly confused. "I'm not saying pillows are lesser beings, of course.""I'm afraid that's not the case, Lucy."Carefully, Dumbledore peeled the sheet off, and Lucy was stunned to see Mrs. Norris in Sprout's arms. The cat was frozen, its yellow eyes wide with terror."Someone killed Mrs. Norris?" she gaped. Not Mrs. Norris! The cat was innocent! It was an annoying little thing, but it was still only an animal. Why couldn't it have been Filch?"She's not dead, Ms. Rochester— only petrified. It can, of course, be reversed, but it will take a few months. There's another curious detail about this attack; right by the scene, there was a message written on the wall."Vaguely, Lucy wondered why Dumbledore was telling her all this. Surely it was confidential? But he also was watching her intently. "What did it say?" she wondered."Albus, should we really be troubling Miss Rochester with this—" Professor McGonagall whispered."She will see it for herself, eventually. The message, Lucy, said: The Chamber of Secrets has been opened. Enemies of the Heir, beware. Now, I must ask, have you seen anything strange lately?"Lucy frowned. His tone had a slight accusatory note to it. She tried not to be annoyed as she replied, "Nothing apart from Hogwarts' usual strangeness, professor." Then something occurred to her. "Although— If you remember earlier this year, the barrier to the platform was closed. Maybe that's related?""Perhaps," Dumbledore's face relaxed, though there was still that knowing gleam in his eye. "Poppy, I think we have disturbed Lucy here enough— we leave Mrs. Norris in capable hands."As the professors left and Madame Pomfrey started fussing over her, she couldn't help but share a bewildered look with Riddle.What just happened?The next day, Lucy was released from the hospital wing, not without a struggle on Madame Pomfrey's part. She wanted to keep her another day since she still had a cough, but Lucy argued that since her fever was gone, she might as well not miss any class. By the time she managed to convince the matron, she was already late for History of Magic, and— well, if she was already late, she might as well not go."You're a truly awful student," Riddle told her after she had gotten ready for the day. "The year's hardly started, and you've skipped History of Magic—""Only two times!" she defended. It was a miracle she didn't skip it more often, with how boring it was. "I don't know why you're complaining. You have to go with me to all my classes.""It doesn't mean I pay attention," he shrugged. He followed her as she went over to the mirror to brush her hair, leaning against the wall. "I do have a world of my own, you know.""Really?" Lucy glanced at him, interested. He'd been in a good mood last night and all of today; it was sort of nice having him talk her ear off for once."Really. All my memories of Hogwarts in one place— when I was in stasis, it was an empty Hogwarts at all times."That sounded... really lonely, actually. She was surprised to see he was content with it.Riddle looked at her thoughtfully. "If you're not going to class... I can show you," he offered, gesturing over to the diary.Okay, like she was going to say no to that. She set her hairbrush down and grinned excitedly— how cool would it be to go into the diary? How was it even possible?"Can you?" she said eagerly."Of course. Pick up the diary."She had to restrain herself from running over. Sitting on her bed, she picked up the diary, smiling at the familiar feel of it on her fingertips. Riddle disappeared, and she watched as the diary pages began flipping as if a wind had blown through it. The dates in the margin melted together, and a moving picture appeared in the corner. She brought the diary closer to her face, and then suddenly she was falling.She felt remarkably like Alice in Wonderland as she fell into the whirlpool of color. It wasn't like the Floo— instead of spinning through a drain, it seemed like she was the one steady, and everything was moving around her. She recognized the spot below her as the Great Hall, and for a moment she thought she would crash right into the cold marble floor — when Riddle caught her just in time."You could've told me I'd fall in," she said indignantly, but she couldn't stay angry for long."You get used to it," he laughed, setting her on the ground. He looked around the Great Hall, his blue eyes shining bright. Like he said, it was completely empty, except for the pair of them. "Welcome to my home," he said proudly."Very spacious," she joked. She could already see a few differences from the Great Hall she knew— this one had been lived in, certainly, and at Dumbledore's podium she saw a throne of black onyx. "I'm going to usurp you in your own home, do you know that?" she said, walking over to the throne."Yes, I'm sure that will work. I can kick you out at any time," he snorted. "And I can make the landing back not so gentle.""The landing back? You mean, I'm not in my dorm right now?" She raised her eyebrows. Riddle nodded, watching her as she climbed onto the black throne. "How's that work?""The same way as it works for me. I'm not in the diary while I'm outside it— why would you be in two places at once?"It was a confusing explanation, but oddly, it also made sense. "So hypothetically, I could stay here forever?" She wasn't planning to, but what if Riddle ever got mad at her and decided to keep her in the diary forever? It wasn't a nice thought."No. Otherwise I could stay out of the diary forever. It wears off eventually, when you're too exhausted to remain," he explained. He narrowed his eyes when she sat up straight in the throne, mirroring his posture. He knew full well she was about to start on her nonsense. "Don't start—""My name is Tom Marvolo Riddle," Lucy said in a low voice. "And I have one friend."Riddle crossed his arms over his chest. "It sounds to me that someone doesn't want to see some of my memories."Her eyes widening, Lucy quickly climbed down from the throne. "No, I'm sorry, show me!"Riddle smirked and led her to the doors leading to the Entrance Hall. They were closed at the moment, and before he opened them, he turned to look down at her. "There is one condition," he warned."What?" She groaned. She wanted to see how Tom Riddle interacted with other people, preferably before anyone noticed she was missing."We trade," he said simply. "I show you my memories, and you'll show me yours. There's a few I'm interested in."Lucy thought that was a fair trade. She was too excited about the amount of advanced magic it must have taken to construct such a diary that she could scarcely think of anything else. Besides, Riddle hadn't done anything except look out for her— she couldn't help but trust him."Alright, sure, let's gooooo!" she groaned. The doors swung open, and reflexively she grabbed his sleeve to start dragging him along much like she did with Harry.It was then that she realized that her hand connected with solid flesh. It was still cold, but it was solid all the same. "Hey, what!" she laughed, poking his arm again. "How come I can do that?""We're on even ground for once," Riddle replied, and he grabbed her wrist to prevent her from poking him. "I'm a phantom in every aspect, and you're a phantom in the diary. Now don't poke me."Keeping his grip on her wrist, he then started leading her, and Lucy realized that she was now at a disadvantage. There would be no more trying to enrage Riddle, at least not while she was in the diary; now he could do something about it.She would still test her luck, of course.He led her through the empty hallways. They passed classrooms along the way, and each of them were filled with memories. They moved too quickly for her to get a solid glance at them, and she didn't bother asking; it was clear he was taking her to one in particular. He stopped in front of a tapestry and tapped his wand on it. Then he pulled the tapestry to the side.Lucy peered inside, and she immediately pulled a face. "Oh, gross— Wool's Orphanage?""The one and only," he said dryly as he pulled her inside.She recognized the room all too well. The rafters, the scorch marks in the corner. She turned to look at Riddle, incredulous. "You have my room, too?!" she demanded."Imagine my surprise when I saw it," He smirked at her reaction. "It's one of the reasons I'm showing you this memory. I want to compare our experiences— I'm very curious as to why someone gave you specifically my diary, and the fact that we're both from Wool's Orphanage can't be a coincidence.""Maybe someone has a sense of humor," Lucy shrugged. She'd be lying if she said she wasn't curious as well. Especially considering the fact that the diary was at the bottom of her backpack. Someone would've had to sneak into her dorm and purposefully plant it there.She looked back at the room, and her gaze fell to the young boy sitting on top of familiar gray blankets, a book in his hands. Lucy gasped, clapping her hands over her cheeks. "Awww, Riddle, you didn't tell me you were cute!"Riddle looked like he was seriously regretting taking her here.All at once, Lucy was hit with the wish that she and Tom could've gone to the orphanage at the same time. How much fun they would have had! She walked up to young Tom Riddle and peered over his shoulder at the book he was reading."Tom Sawyer," she read aloud. "Yeah, you only picked that because Tom was in the title, I know it."Riddle shot her a flat look, but the fact that he didn't deny it spoke volumes. Before she could further torment him, there were two knocks at the door and a very familiar woman entered.Mrs. Cole looked older than she really was at the time— Tom Riddle must have aged her. She seemed to be slightly drunk, too.She swayed as she spoke, and the boy's face wrinkled with disgust. "Tom? You've got a visitor," she said, slurring her words. "This is Mr. Dumberton— sorry, Dunderbore."Lucy and Riddle both snorted; she would use that one on Dumbledore if she wasn't sure he'd be horrified by it."He's come to tell you— well, I'll let him do it." Mrs. Cole stumbled out of the room."Good on her for going dry," Lucy nodded. She wondered if the woman was still alive. She hadn't sent her a letter. The only people she sent letters to were Mallory consistently and sometimes Nathan. Mallory responded if she felt like it."How do you do, Tom?" Dumbledore held out his hand, and Lucy took the opportunity to look at the differences. His beard was shorter, and instead of the white bear she knew, it was a coppery auburn. He wore a plum colored suit."Sick threads, Dumbledore," Lucy nodded at him, even though he couldn't hear her.Riddle sighed.The young Tom hesitated before shaking Dumbledore's hand."I am Professor Dumbledore—""Professor?" the boy repeated cautiously. "Is that like 'doctor'? What are you here for? Did she get you in to have a look at me?" He pointed at the door that Mrs. Cole had just left through"Blimey, you really didn't like Mrs. Cole," Lucy mused. The woman was certainly strict, but she wasn't cruel. Although, she did have a tendency to exclude children she didn't like as much. She didn't think Riddle would take kindly to being excluded."Who would?" Riddle scoffed.He moved so that he was standing next to Lucy, watching the scene with obvious disinterest. Lucy however was greatly interested in how he would react to the news of attending Hogwarts. Merlin knows she had been ecstatic."No, no," Dumbledore kept smiling."I don't believe you. She wants me looked at, doesn't she? Tell the truth!"Lucy recognized that tone all too well— it was the same one Riddle used on her when she tried to fly a car to Hogwarts. She stared, stunned that he would dare use such a thing on Professor Dumbledore. Even before she knew he was a wizard, she sensed how powerful his presence had been.The boy let up his glare after a few moments of silence. "Who are you?""I have told you. My name is Professor Dumbledore, and I work at a school called Hogwarts. I have come to offer you a place at my school— your new school, if you would like to come."Lucy was beginning to feel a sense of deja-vu. Riddle fast forwarded through the rest of the memory— it was odd, seeing the figures move so quickly, and he stopped right as the boy started staring at Dumbledore no longer with caution, but with a sense of hope."It's... it's magic, what I can do?""What is it that you can do?""All sorts of stuff," the boy breathed. "I can make things move without touching them. I can make animals do what I want them to do, without training them. I can make bad things happen to people who annoy me. I can make them hurt, if I want to."Riddle watched his younger self with a sense of pride, and Lucy couldn't help but smirk slightly as well."I knew I was different," the boy's cheeks were flushed, and he looked at his shaking fingers. "I knew I was special. Always, I knew there was something."Something about this scene seemed incredibly personal to Riddle, as aloof as he presented himself to be at the moment. Lucy's heart melted at the thought of a little orphan boy ostracized for so many years finally, finally finding out he belonged somewhere. She sympathized with him, because she had been the same way. She was happy at Hogwarts, but the years leading up had not been fun, not at all. She didn't always have power over Jennifer and her crew."Well, you were quite right," Dumbledore chuckled. "You are a wizard."The boy looked at him with even more excitement. "Are you a wizard too?""Yes, I am.""Prove it," he said in the same forceful voice as before. "Tell the truth.""Tom, you should have used your manners," Lucy scolded him as Dumbledore arched an eyebrow at his younger self.Riddle gave her an annoyed look. "Yes, I know that now. Maybe if I had, Dumbledore would've left me alone more.""...you will address me as 'Professor' or 'sir'." Dumbledore finished.The boy's features turned cold, and then he suddenly sounded like the most polite boy in the entire world. "I'm sorry, sir. I meant— please, professor, could you show me?"Lucy snorted. "Bit late for that, Little Riddle.""I know," the older Riddle repeated, annoyed.Dumbledore flicked his wand, and suddenly, Riddle's wardrobe burst into flames. Lucy gaped as the boy jumped to his feet in rage, and she could understand why. What the hell Dumbledore? He turned her bed into a cat, yet Riddle got his wardrobe on fire? Had Dumbledore learned how to appeal to children in the decades between Riddle's time and hers? Good God.Luckily, the flames disappeared, and there wasn't so much as a scorch mark on the wardrobe. The boy pointed at the wand. "Where can I get one of them?""Poor grammar," Lucy pointed out."Shut up," Riddle said.She pulled a face at him, and he sighed in an 'I'm too old and mature to deal with you right now' kind of way. Percy did that a lot to the Weasley twins.Riddle fast-forwarded again, and she arched an eyebrow at him. She wondered what he deemed unimportant."He's just making me return things I've stolen, it's nothing special," he said with a roll of his eyes. "I never did return them, and he didn't know. The first sign that Albus Dumbledore is not infallible.""Maybe he did know, but you didn't know that he did know," she reasoned. "And he didn't know that you didn't know that he knew.""Lucy?""Yes, Tom?" She replied innocently."You're horrible.""Thanks— now watch here."The boy was eager now, looking at Dumbledore. "I don't need you," he said. "I'm used to doing things for myself, I go round London on my own all the time. How do you get to this Diagon Alley?"To her surprise, Dumbledore told him exactly how to get there. He never would've let her do that. "You will be able to see it," he said, "Although muggles around you— non-magical people, that is— will not. Ask for Tom the barman— easy enough to remember, as he shares your name."The boy twitched. It didn't go unnoticed by Dumbledore. "You dislike the name 'Tom'?""Okay, what," Lucy whispered, and Riddle paused the memory in its entirety. She wondered about the parts he fast-forwarded through, but so far the parts she saw all seemed incredibly familiar."What is it?" Riddle arched an eyebrow at her.She pulled him out of the memory, furrowing her eyebrows. "How do I show you mine?"As soon as she said the words, a door across from them swung wide open, revealing another memory. This time it was Lucy's.Riddle stepped inside, and he seemed genuinely curious. Now that she thought about it, this was the first personal thing she had ever revealed to him. She told him stories about last year, sure, but everything before Hogwarts she had kept tight under lock and key. Not even Harry had gotten a glimpse into her life at Wool's.The memory started just before Dumbledore walked in. Her younger self leaned back on the two legs of her desk chair, three pencils balanced on her nose as well as a spoon on her forehead.Riddle immediately shot her a smug look. He wasn't the only weird child. She sighed, "Look, I was really bored, okay?""I'm sure," he snorted.Dumbledore stepped into the room, and the girl tipped backward onto a mattress. Riddle snickered as she made a fool of herself in front of Dumbledore while Lucy scowled at him. It wasn't as fun when it was her being ridiculed."Your beard is bloody awesome! How'd you even get it that long? Did you start growing one the moment you came out of the womb or something?" The girl asked him excitedly."That's the first thing you ever said to Dumbledore? And he still is suspicious of you?" Riddle said incredulously. "Good Merlin, I must have made him paranoid.""You're too kind, Lucille," Dumbledore said. "My name is Professor Dumbledore, and I'm here to offer you a place at my school.""Professor? Cool! You're a shrink!"Lucy looked over at Riddle. "You and I are very different people," she told him. He'd gotten up in arms about a professor, but Lucy had been forced to see therapists before, and she had loads of fun wearing them all down until they quit. She remembered being excited at the prospect of a new victim."Yes, we are," Riddle agreed. He didn't look upset by the fact, but he was surveying the scene intensely. Since it was the first time Lucy invited him to know something about herself, he was watching it all, somewhat greedily. He was the only one who knew these details."No, I'm not a 'shrink' as you put it," Dumbledore chuckled at the girl."So you're a teacher," The girl sighed. "Are any other kids attending? Please don't tell me Jennifer is invited.""No, no, I'm quite sure it's just you." He pulled up a chair, much like he had done in Riddle's memory. "Now, Lucille—"The girl pulled a face, and now that Lucy was watching the memory from the beginning, she could see the wariness that came over Professor Dumbledore's features. He was quiet for a moment, and he said his next few words deliberately."You dislike the name 'Lucille'?""What," she and Riddle both said at the same time. They glared at the other for daring to be in sync."Lucille's a brilliant name. Just too formal. I like Lucy more," the girl said, just as cheerfully as before."Alright, Lucy. As I was saying: Hogwarts is not a school for ordinary people. It is, rather, a school for gifted individuals. Hogwarts is a school for magic.""You're... You're not kidding?" The girl said, staring at him with shock."Not in the slightest. Should you accept this invitation, you will need some supplies—""Wait, how do I know this isn't a joke?"This was the moment Lucy had been waiting for. Dumbledore pointed his wand at her bed, and after a popping noise, it turned into a familiar gray kitten. Riddle looked stunned at the connection."That's where you got your cat?" he demanded, and he looked downright angry that he didn't know that. "Really? That's it?""It's my Grayble!" Lucy beamed.Riddle had seen enough. Maybe the bed turning into a cat had been the last straw, but he dragged her out of the memory, looking incredibly unnerved. He continued pulling her by her wrist, all the way back to the Great Hall where he then sat down at the Slytherin table."He knows something," he concluded, furrowing his eyebrows. "Something about you— I just wonder what it is..."Lucy would like to know, too. Dumbledore's word phrasing, the mannerisms he showed— he was clearly mirroring his first interaction with Riddle in order to compare the two. She just wanted to know why. Why didn't he trust Riddle in the first place? He had been a bratty child, sure, but that couldn't be the only reason. Was it because he was interested in the Dark Arts? Plenty of Slytherins were.Riddle shook his head, sighing. He hated not knowing things. He glanced at the clock, surprised to see that so much time had passed."We had better get you back," he said at last. "Before any of your friends go looking for you."Lucy sighed at the thought of going to class after such an adventure, but she knew responsibilities called for it. Maybe it was the diary, but the longer she spent inside, the more tired she became. "Can I come back?" she asked hopefully.Riddle arched an eyebrow at her. "You'd want to?""Of course! It's wonderful in here.""Well, then of course you can. When the time calls for it, that is." Maybe it was just her, but she could swear he looked excited at the possibility.Her surroundings whirled around her, and the sensation of falling came over her again. Thankfully, this time it was not so forceful. She floated gently onto her bed, landing criss-crossed with the diary open in her lap. The dorm room was still empty. She had just left Hogwarts, and nobody was any the wiser.She thought about Riddle's words, and the similarities about their visits from Dumbledore. There was definitely a connection— but the only problem was, neither of them had the faintest clue as to what it was...

Over the next few days, the entire school was still abuzz with the writing on the wall. Lucy didn't know what she was more enamored by— the world inside Riddle's diary, or the mystery happening within Hogwarts walls.Everyone around her was certainly concerned with the latter. Once she saw the writing for herself, she had to admit it was unnerving. It looked like it had been written in blood. She wondered who would do such a thing, and how had they gotten away with it? Riddle was never out of the diary when she passed it, so she always forgot to ask him what he thought.Ginny in particular was angry about the situation. She was a fierce animal lover, and the thought of a cat being harmed made her temper flare. Hermione was more worried than anything; she spent her time reading in the library, even more so than usual. Even Harry was on edge— although that had more to do with his involvement than anything else.He told her everything from the beginning. The entire deathday party, to the mysterious voice, to finding Mrs. Norris at the scene of the crime. Lucy sat back in her seat as he told her, pursing her lips. Riddle was inside the diary, but she was sure he had been listening intently."It sounds to me, Harry," she began, pausing for dramatic effect. "...That you were the one who petrified poor Mrs. Norris. Shame on you, Harry!""What!" Harry complained, shoving her arm with a scowl. "After I defended you to Snape, too...""No doubt to shift the focus!"Of course, she didn't really think Harry was involved in any way. She was curious about the voice, since Ron and Hermione hadn't heard it. She wished she was there to witness everything, too; it was odd not being involved in their adventures."I don't know what the fuss is about, personally," Ron snorted, turning a page in his textbook. They were all at the library doing their homework, and he was trying desperately to finish his History of Magic assignment. "Whoever did it, we should be thanking them— hopefully they've got time to petrify Filch next.""That's horrible, Ron," Hermione scolded."Yeah, Ron," Lucy agreed. "You couldn't have volunteered Snape instead? Shame on you."That sentiment only grew the next day, when Harry was held back after Potions. Ron told her this as they and Hermione worked on more homework, and it only made Lucy want to hex the man. She was still technically on her 'good kid' kick, but she was getting more tired of that as the days stretched on— what was the point of behaving when Dumbledore still thought she was up to something?Harry joined them at last, looking sort of confused. He looked at Lucy. "Why did Justin Finch-Fletchley just sprint away from me?" he asked."Ooooh.." Lucy pursed her lips.Right— her year was a bit divided at the moment. Justin and Ernie suspected Harry had something to do with Mrs. Norris getting petrified. They hadn't outright said it to Lucy because they knew she'd bite their heads off for it, but it was certainly implied."Dunno why you care," Ron muttered, measuring his essay. "I always thought he was a bit of an idiot. All that junk about Lockhart being so great-"Lucy scowled at him. Just because Justin was being a git didn't mean he was stupid all the time. He was just nervous; he was a muggleborn, and Malfoy made it clear that 'enemies of the heir' meant he was included in the target demographic."All the copies of Hogwarts, a History have been taken out," Hermione said irritably, sitting between Ron and Lucy. "And there's a two-week waiting list. I wish I hadn't left my copy at home, but I couldn't fit it in my trunk with all the Lockhart books.""Don't you have that book, Lucy?" Harry asked.Hermione looked at her hopefully, and Lucy was sorry to shake her head. Oddly enough, her book had gone missing shortly after Mrs. Norris had been petrified. She didn't think her friends would have taken it so she had to resort to the conclusion that she'd misplaced it somewhere."Why do you want it?" Ron asked."The same reason everyone wants it," Hermione said, like it was obvious. "To read up on the legend of the Chamber of Secrets.""What's that?" Harry wondered."That's just it. I can't remember," Hermione bit her lip. "And I can't find the story anywhere else— Lucy, what are you doing?"Lucy froze from counting her collection of muggle pens. So far, she had stolen about half of Snape's supply, and the conversation had been so boring that she decided to take inventory."...Investigating..." she said slowly, sweeping the pens back into her satchel."Why are they all red? Where did you even get all those?"Ron, Harry, and Hermione were all staring at her, and she looked back at them blankly. There was no way she was spilling her secret quest. After a few moments of staring at each other, Lucy scrambled to collect her things, and she sprinted out of the library.All throughout transfiguration, Lucy tried desperately to keep sitting still. Professor McGonagall's lecture was stretching on and on about the differences between transfiguring objects of bronze and objects of silver, and she couldn't help but squirm. Theoretical magic was useful and all, but she learned best with a wand in her hand as she read, not getting all the information in one go and then trying it out for herself.The two seats next to her were filled by Malfoy and Zabini today. Merlin knows why, but the timetables decided to stick the Hufflepuffs with the Slytherins this week. Each time that happened, Malfoy partnered up with her, much to Parkinson's horror."Ms. Rochester, do you have somewhere to be?" Professor McGonagall arched an eyebrow at her student who was clearly struggling to stay quiet.Malfoy snickered next to her, but she wasn't bothered. McGonagall was known for her zingers."No, Professor, just super excited to transfigure is all," Lucy replied without missing a beat. "It'd be a lot easier if Malfoy here wasn't distracting me."That wiped the smirk clear off his face. Zabini laughed at him while Malfoy scowled. "I am not, you're the one who isn't taking any notes.""Is that so?" Lucy arched an eyebrow at him.While she didn't have a roll of parchment in front of her, she did have her diary sitting on her desk. She flipped open the cover, and she smirked as Riddle got the hint and presented the page with scrawled notes on transfiguration. If one looked closer, they would see it wasn't her handwriting at all. Even when Riddle was trying to write messily, he could never match up to her chicken scratch writing.She had to restrain a laugh when he added at the bottom, You're lucky I was paying attention, idiot.Professor McGonagall's lips twitched in slight amusement, and she went back to lecturing. Malfoy, however, was looking at her diary curiously."You keep a diary, Rochester?" he whispered with delight."Yes, I write about cute boys all the time. Would you like to see my monologue about Snape's eyes?"Zabini gagged while Malfoy rolled his eyes.Riddle didn't come out of the diary, but his voice said, "Fortunate that he didn't ask to see it. I go along with a lot of your schemes, but I don't think I could force myself to write such a thing."Lucy giggled. Classes were certainly a lot more interesting this year.After class, she met up with her friends outside Binns' classroom. To her surprise, the entire class was lively and chatting excitedly to each other. Had she fallen into a parallel universe? No one should be that happy coming out of Binns' class."You won't believe what Binns just told us," Ron told her, stuffing a textbook into his bag."It's about the Chamber of Secrets," Harry added. "Hermione, you tell her—"And Hermione did tell her. She recounted everything: Salazar Slytherin didn't believe that those from muggle descent had a place at Hogwarts. Salazar and Godric Gryffindor had a furious argument about it, and it ended up in Salazar leaving the school. Except before he left, he built a giant chamber— the Chamber of Secrets, which no one would be able to open except from his heir. The heir would open it and unleash the monster in order to purge Hogwarts of enemies of the heir.Lucy looked thoughtfully into the distance, taking in all that information. Finally, she spoke. "It seems like an utterly ridiculous and convoluted thing for Salazar Slytherin to do— which is precisely why I believe it happened." She could practically feel Riddle's disapproval, even though he wasn't there.Ron laughed. "I always knew Salazar Slytherin was a twisted old loony. But I never knew he started all this pureblood stuff..."Riddle appeared beside Lucy, glaring at the boy. She rolled her eyes at him. He was so touchy sometimes, honestly."Honestly, if the Sorting Hat had tried to put me in Slytherin, I'd've got the train straight back home..." Ron continued. Hermione nodded in agreement, while Harry looked uncomfortable.She had a feeling the hat tried to put him in Slytherin, too. She didn't see what the fuss was about. "The hat tried to put me in Slytherin, you know," she told Ron, and he gaped at her. Even Harry looked surprised. "I don't think it's such a terrible thing. Merlin was in Slytherin, you know."Riddle smirked down at her, a hint of pride in his eyes. Ron was utterly shocked and she had a feeling it had to do with Merlin being in Slytherin.She continued, "I think the House stuff is a load of slugs, anyway. I only wanted Hufflepuff because the name sounded funny. The traits kind of overlap, don't they? Hard-working and ambition, aren't they the same? Creativity and cunningness, too. Bravery could be considered ambitious, too, if you're both brave and looking to save people..."Ron looked uncomfortable with the subject. "I'd still rather be in Gryffindor," he said evasively."You make a good point," Riddle told her, looking thoughtful. "However, out of the four founders, Salazar Slytherin was still the greatest of them all."Well, yeah. He went out of his way to build a secret chamber. That was pretty great.They reached a crowd of students walking through the halls, and they passed Colin Creevy. Harry sighed while Lucy beamed at him."Hiya, Harry!""Hullo, Colin." No matter how the boy exasperated him, Harry always made time to greet him. Lucy thought that was awfully kind of him."Harry- Harry- a boy in class has been saying you're—"The crowd swept him away, and all he could manage was a squeaked goodbye. Hermione looked around at Harry curiously. "What's a boy in his class saying about you?""That I'm Slytherin's heir, I expect," he sighed.Riddle looked disgusted at the thought. Lucy subtly elbowed him. He glared at her, and she rolled her eyes."You're clearly not," she looked back at Harry. She joked about it earlier but there was no way on earth Harry Potter would attack a cat. Did anyone at this school possess half a brain? "I'll hex anyone who says so.""Hexing may be a bit far," Hermione said, but her smile said otherwise."D'You really think there's a Chamber of Secrets?" Ron wondered."I don't know," Hermione frowned. "Dumbledore couldn't cure Mrs. Norris, and that makes me think whatever attacked her might not be- well- human."They rounded a corner, and to Lucy's surprise they arrived at the same corridor where the attack happened. The puddle on the ground below the threatening message of the heir was gone now, but it had been there yesterday. Her eyes surveyed the scene curiously, while Riddle looked on, bored."That's where Filch has been keeping guard," Ron muttered.Lucy looked over at Harry. His brow was furrowed as he looked at everything. She turned her gaze over to Riddle and said, "Wait for it..."Harry did not disappoint. "Can't hurt to have a poke around," he said innocently, like the nosy hero he was. He dropped his bag and got down to his hands and knees, searching for clues.Riddle watched in surprise at the casual show of investigation. He was also a little annoyed."Scorch marks!" Harry muttered. "Here- and here-""Come and look at this! This is funny..." Hermione gestured over to the window next to the message.About twenty spiders fought in a line, trying to get through the small crack. She had never seen so many in one place, let alone seen spiders act frantic before. Her eyes narrowed, and she filed that away in her mind. Maybe Harry wasn't the only nosy one..."Have you ever seen spiders act like that?" Hermione wondered.Harry shook his head. "No. Have you, Lucy?""Can't say I have. Have you, Ron?" Lucy tried to continue the train of questions, but to her disappointment, Ron didn't answer right away. She sighed and looked over at him.His face was pale, and he had backed away and looked like he was ready to break into a sprint. "I- don't- like- spiders," he groaned.Hermione rolled her eyes. "You've used spiders in Potions loads of times...""I don't mind them dead. It's a bit different with them scuttling around, looking at you with all their eyes!" One spider scuttled past his shoe, and he let out a yelp and jumped away. "Look how they move..."Lucy and Hermione couldn't help but giggle at his predicament. Spiders were creepy, sure, but they were harmless little things. She preferred them to the bugs they ate."It's not funny!" Ron scowled. "If you must know, when I was three, Fred turned my teddy bear into a great big filthy spider because I broke his toy broomstick... You wouldn't like them either if you'd been holding your bear and suddenly it had to many legs and-" he stopped to shudder. Lucy laughed at him again, and he elbowed her in the side. "I will find your fear, Lucy Rochester, and when I do, expect a lot of mocking!""I fear nothing!" Lucy said proudly. Riddle snorted, and she glared at him. "Except lame prefects," she amended. Now he glared at her.That was better."Remember all that water on the floor?" Harry said, pointing below the message. "Where'd that come from? Someone's mopped it up.""It was about here," Ron said, and he walked over to a wooden door. He went to open it, but he jumped away as soon as his hand touched the doorknob."What's the matter?""Can't go in there," he said awkwardly. "That's a girls' toilet.""That's coward's talk," Lucy said, shaking her head.Hermione smirked and nodded in agreement. "There won't be anyone in there. That's Moaning Myrtle's place. Come on, let's have a look."Moaning Myrtle was quite possibly the most annoying ghost Hogwarts had to offer, and that was including Peeves the Poltergeist. Lucy met her once last year and since then, she swore to never lay eyes on the ghost ever again. She knew she would have to break her promise, but she wished it didn't have to be so soon.The bathroom was just as broken down as she remembered it being. She scowled at the sight of the dim lighting and the cracked mirrors. "Just because it's out of order doesn't mean they can't clean it up once in a while," she muttered, mostly to Riddle.He was watching their investigation, showing no emotion. "Take it up with Dumbledore," he deadpanned. "I think it's rather silly to be looking here in the first place."She ignored him in favor of going to find Myrtle. She got rather touchy when people showed up without announcing themselves."Hey, Myrtle!"Myrtle looked at her suspiciously, then at the boys. "This is a girls' bathroom. They're not girls.""We're investigating the attacks, you see, and I know nobody else keeps as much of a watchful eye around these parts than you do." Lucy gave her a charming smile and let her eyes wander over the bathroom, making sure her gaze was as appraising as possible.Myrtle's cheeks turned a darker gray color at the compliment. It was a ghostly form of a blush. "Oh, well— I guess that's all right," Myrtle said slowly. Hermione stared at her friend, stunned. "I haven't seen you in a while... what's your name again?""Lucille Rochester. But all my friends call me Lucy," she said, keeping her tone pleasant. "Shame I couldn't have gone to the Deathday party— how was that, by the way?""It was all right," Myrtle muttered. She shot a dark glare over at Hermione. "But some people have... have no manners," and her eyes began to fill with tears."I'm terribly sorry, Myrtle. Peeves was just egging me on," Hermione said desperately. "Please don't cry."Myrtle tried her best to keep the tears from spilling over. It might have been a personal record for her."Now, Myrtle— did you see anything suspicious on Halloween night? I hate to bother you like this.""I wasn't paying much attention," Myrtle said, giving a dramatic sigh. "Peeves upset me so much I came in here and tried to kill myself. Then, of course, I remembered that I'm- that I'm-""Already dead," Ron said helpfully.Whatever restraint Myrtle had to keep from crying immediately broke, and she let out a loud wail. She rose into the air and then dived headfirst into the toilet. Lucy and Harry jumped backward out of the splash zone, but Ron and Hermione were left disgustedly shaking water off their sleeves.Hermione sighed, casting a drying spell on the pair of them. "Honestly, that was almost cheerful for Myrtle... Come on, let's go."They left the bathroom, only for a loud voice to startle all of them."RON!"Percy Weasley strode down the hallway, gaping at the sight of his brother. "That's a girls' bathroom! What were you-""Just having a look around," Ron said, unbothered. "Clues, you know-"Percy swelled up, and Lucy recognized his stance; she had seen Riddle get a similar way plenty of times. He was about to give them all the lecture of a lifetime, and quite frankly, she didn't want to hear it."Please, Percy, we were only concerned, is all," she said in her best regretful voice. "And Myrtle invited us in, anyway. You can ask her, if you'd like—"Hastily, Percy shook his head. "No, I'd rather not. Concerned as you may be, you all must realize what this looks like! Coming back here while everyone's at dinner...""Nobody noticed us, except you. And we know you'd never get us in trouble." Lucy smiled hopefully at him, widening her brown eyes.She saw his resolve crumble before her eyes. "Yes, well— you're lucky it was me... Enough with the detective work, all of you." And with that, he turned around and left.Riddle smirked down at Lucy. "I'm almost proud."He should be. She was getting very good at lying.They walked back to the Gryffindor common room, chatting along the way. "Who can it be, though?" Hermione muttered, "Who'd want to frighten all the Squibs and muggleborns out of Hogwarts?""Let's think," Ron said sarcastically. "Who do we know who thinks muggleborns are all scum?""Harry," Lucy said in an instant. Harry turned and gaped at her, to which she grinned. "Only joking. Malfoy, of course— but he's too much of an idiot to do anything like that. I've seen him jump away from his own shadow, once.""You heard him," Ron argued. "'You'll be next, Mudbloods!' - come on, you've only got to look at his foul rat face to know it's him-"Lucy shook her head, amused at the thought of Draco Malfoy ordering around a huge monster. Like a monster would ever listen to him in the first place."Look at his family," Harry agreed. "The whole lot of them have been in Slytherin; he's always boasting about it. They could easily be Slytherin's descendants. His father's definitely evil enough.""Most of the families in that house have all been exclusively Slytherin," she pointed out. "I can name a few off the top of my head- the Notts, Zabinis, Parkinsons, the Montagues.." She could go on, but Harry and Ron were clearly not convinced by her argument."Malfoy's family could have handed the key to the Chamber of Secrets down for centuries, father to son," Ron said.To Lucy's dismay, Hermione was becoming convinced. "Well, I suppose it's possible...""But how do we prove it?" Harry sighed.Lucy exchanged a look of suffering with Riddle. He seemed amused by the whole conversation, actually letting out a few snickers when Ron brought up Mr. Malfoy handing the key down to his son."I could ask him," she suggested.Harry shook his head. "He could lie to you- you talk sometimes, but you're not friends or anything.""There might be a way," Hermione said slowly. She stopped in her tracks, glancing around to see if any portraits were listening. "Of course, it would be difficult. And dangerous, very dangerous. We'd be breaking about fifty school rules, I expect-""If, in a month or so, you feel like explaining, you will let us know, won't you?" Ron said irritably.Hermione glared at him. "All right— what we'd need to do is get inside the Slytherin common room and ask Malfoy a few questions without him realizing it's us."At this point, Lucy knew trying to change their minds wouldn't work. They were too far into their plan. At least she'd be getting a scheme out of it..."We'd need Polyjuice Potion," Hermione continued. "It transforms you into somebody else. Think about it! We could change into four of the Slytherins. No one would know it was us. Malfoy would probably tell us anything. He's probably boasting about it in the Slytherin common room right now, if only we could hear him.""I could just go down there and check," Lucy said exasperatedly. She hadn't gone to Slytherin's common room before, but she was certain Malfoy would let her in if she asked. If he didn't, he knew the consequences of him denying her far outweighed the trouble he'd be in with the other Slytherins."Then he'll know we're onto him. Getting hold of the recipe will be very difficult. Snape said it was in a book called Moste Potente Potions and it's bound to be in the Restricted Section of the library. You need a signed note of permission from a teacher.""Hard to see why we'd want the book, really, if we weren't going to try and make one of the potions," Ron said."I think that if we make it sound as though we were just interested in the theory, we might stand a chance...""That works surprisingly well," Riddle mused. "The professors here are so gullible. You wouldn't believe the books I've been able to check out. Although, you may want to do the lying portion— Granger seems to lack the natural ability. Such a Gryffindor..."Lucy stared at him, stunned. He was okay with this plan? Seeing her look, he laughed, shoving his hands in his pockets. "I think it's as good a plan as any. Go ahead, see if Draco Malfoy's the Heir— what's the worst that'll happen?"She couldn't believe he was the one telling her to misbehave. Well, now that Riddle approved of the plan, she had to do it. She scowled as she looked back at her friends. "Leave this one up to me, I suppose," she sighed.Hermione smiled brightly at her. "Oh, thank goodness! We needed our best liar on board...""Yeah, yeah," she grumbled. Hypothetically, she could weasel a permission slip out of any teacher in this school, but there was an obvious suspect— Gilderoy Lockhart was the biggest idiot on the planet.Lucy's next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson was as miserable as it could have possibly been. Lockhart claimed his 'theatrical energies' were drained from his class with the Gryffindors, so he resorted to leaning back in his chair, telling them all made up stories about his travels. What's worse, all the portraits on his walls listened in eagerly."—And then the chief's daughter asked me to marry her, and she was such a delightful woman, but I had to tell her my heart and soul belonged to my job."He finished his story with a satisfied smile, waiting for any input. Hannah and Justin openly clapped while Megan and Susan gave him polite smiles. Lucy was busy reading out of one of her Dark Arts books. She switched the cover with Lockhart's Voyages With Vampires, so nobody suspected a thing."Why, Lucy, you've been awfully studious today! I hope your boyfriend hasn't made you fall behind on your studies?" Lockhart winked at her.Ah, yes. Lockhart still thought she was Harry Potter's girlfriend, and she made no move to correct him. Neither did Harry, for that matter. They often used each other as excuses as to why they couldn't attend his 'celebrity meetings'. It worked out quite well in both their favors.Lucy closed her book and looked up at the man. She couldn't bring herself to suck up to him, even though she knew she had to get a permission slip out of him. "No, but between you and me professor, I'm worried Harry's been looking at other girls." She made a show of looking downtrodden.Megan ducked under the desk to keep from laughing, while Ernie stared at her like she had gone crazy.Lockhart hastened to reassure her. "Lucy, my dear, I'm sure that's not the case! I know a little about teenage minds— he's only distracted by Quidditch, I'm sure. The first match of the season is coming up."At that moment, the bell rang. As expected, Lockhart kept her behind class. He tried multiple times before but she always lied and said Harry was expecting her. This time, however, she forced herself to stay by the door, looking up at the man as he spoke to her."You're on your Quidditch team too, aren't you? Chaser, I believe? How do you think you'll fair up against Harry?" Lockhart laughed. "Won't go easy on him, I hope!""Oh, I would knock him off his broom if it came down to it," Lucy assured him. Maybe if Harry was only a few feet off the ground. "Sir— I was thinking of doing some background reading, but the only trouble is, the book I need is from the restricted section." She sighed and shifted, looking toward the door. "I want to make Harry a special charm bracelet for Christmas— I got the idea from your autobiography."Even though she hadn't so much as read the cover of his autobiography, Lockhart's face lit up anyway."Well, I would never get in the way of young love!"Lockhart reached over to pluck an enormous peacock quill out of a jar. Lucy had stolen one of them; they were amazing. To her horror, he caught her appraising look and they shared a moment of appreciation for the terrible quill. "Yes, Nice, isn't it? I usually save it for book-signings," he laughed.He wrote on the note before handing it back to Lucy. "I was on my Quidditch team too, you know. I was a Seeker— they asked me to join the National Squad, but I couldn't shake my desire to rid the world of Dark Forces. Although, if you'd like some private training, my door is always open! I'm always happy to pass my expertise onto less able players..."Okay, the thought of Lockhart teaching her to fly was so hilarious that she had to take him up on it. "You know what, Professor? I think that sounds brilliant. What time? I'll bring Harry, too."The smile on Lockhart's face faltered. He clearly didn't expect her to agree. "Well- I'll have to check my schedule," he stammered. He cleared his throat. "And I've sent the Writing Club recommendation to Professor Dumbledore— he's sending it to the Board of Governors to get it approved... I've mentioned you were looking forward to it, so I'm sure it will pass..."Good Merlin. With Mr. Malfoy on the Board of Governors, it was sure to pass."Wow, great," Lucy said with no enthusiasm. She looked at the clock and gasped. "Oh no, I'm late! Thanks again, sir, see you around!" And with that, she ran out of the classroom.She met her friends at the library, and she handed them the note. The deadness in her eyes was clear to the three of them."I've got it," she said solemnly. "But at what cost?"Ron patted her on the back as Hermione headed into the library to get the book. "It's for the betterment of Hogwarts, mate," he said consolingly."What about the betterment of my soul?""What soul?"She whacked him on the arm. "Says the ginger!""Lucy has a soul, Ron," Harry agreed. He gave his friend a disapproving look. "It's just black and sort of rotten, is all."The two boys burst into laughter as Lucy scowled, crossing her arms over her chest. They had a point, but still.Hermione left the library with the book in her hands, as well as Lockhart's note peeking out of her pocket. Lucy decided not to comment on it for her own sanity, and the four headed back to Myrtle's bathroom. The ghost was sobbing in her stall, and Lucy decided to ignore her, Maybe crying made Myrtle happy?"Here it is," Hermione pointed to an illustration of a man transforming, clearly in a lot of pain. "This is the most complicated potion I've ever seen... Lacewing flies, leeches, fluxweed, and knotgrass. Well, they're easy enough, they're in the student store-cupboard, we can help ourselves... Ooh, look, powdered horn of a bicorn- don't know where we're going to get that- shredded skin of a boomslang- that'll be tricky, too, and of course a bit of whoever we want to change into.""Dibs on turning into Zabini," Lucy said automatically.Harry gave her an exasperated look. "Lucy, his hair's buzzed short, there's no way that'll work.""Fine! Dibs on turning into Malfoy.""What? No!""Fine, dibs on turning into Dumbledore—"Ron cut across their arguing, much to Harry's relief. "D'you realize how much we're going to have to steal, Hermione? Shredded skin of a boomslang, that's definitely not in the students' cupboard. What're we going to do, break into Snape's private stores? I don't know if this is a good idea..."Hermione slammed the book shut, her cheeks pink. She had an inspired gleam in her eyes— Lucy had only seen that look on her when she went into an exam. "Well, if you two are going to chicken out, fine," she snapped."Us two? What about her?" Ron demanded, jabbing a thumb in Lucy's direction."She'll do anything if it means breaking rules!" Hermione rolled her eyes. Lucy wanted to defend herself but the bookworm was absolutely correct. She had no business helping them smuggle Hagrid's dragon, but she did it just because of the rule-breaking factor. "I don't want to break rules, you know," Hermione continued. "I think threatening Muggle-borns is far worse than brewing a difficult potion. But if you don't want to find out if it's Malfoy, I'll go straight to Madame Pince and hand the book back in—"Ron and Harry shared an incredulous look. "I never thought I'd see the day when you'd be persuading us to break rules," Ron said. "All right, we'll do it. But not toenails, okay?""How long will it take to make, anyway?" Harry asked."Well, since the fluxweed has got to be picked at the full moon and the lacewings have got to be stewed for twenty-one days... I'd say it'd be ready in about a month, if we can get all the ingredients."Lucy nodded, while Ron's jaw dropped. "A month? Malfoy could have attacked half the Muggle-borns in the school by then!" Hermione glared at him, and he hastily tacked on, "But it's the best plan we've got, so full steam ahead, I say."After making sure the coast was clear, they left the bathroom. Ron was discouraged by the work of it all, and he said to Harry, "It'll be a lot less hassle if you can just knock Malfoy off his broom tomorrow.""Or I could kill him," Lucy agreed."There'll be no killing anyone!" Hermione said firmly."Petrify him?""No!""Maim him? Surely a missing finger would be fine?""Lucy, you're starting to concern me."Riddle, however, patted her on the shoulder. "That's the spirit, Lucy."She laughed, shaking her head. She didn't know why there was such a fuss over Mrs. Norris, but she was certainly willing to break into the Slytherin common room for any reason.Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin?Yeah, right.
