Chapter 1 Dangerous StepsI was sitting with my back against my door. I had only been in the Malfoy Manor for two weeks. TWO WEEKS! And it still didn't feel like home. And I didn't know if it was because of how quiet the house was, or because I knew I wasn't fully welcomed here.Narcissa was the only one who tried to talk with me. Draco and Mr. Malfoy took to sneering at me when I was in the room. It had gotten to the point where I was paranoid and didn't want to leave my room.I was worried for Ariel, I wouldn't put it past Draco to hurt her on purpose. But he hasn't done anything to her. I hope there's an understanding that there's a difference between causing me harm, and causing my cat harm. She was out exploring the grounds during the summer.Narcissa had shown me Mr. Malfoy's peacock's. He was proud of their albinism. And they were beautiful, don't get me wrong! But they didn't appear to like me. They tried to peck at my ankles and fingers whenever I would try and let them know I was friendly.Birds. Fully, completely, all bred into, no magical parts, birds were my adversaries.I've taken to reading the thesaurus. As I wasn't allowed to read most of the books in their library.There was a knock on my door."Just a second!" I said, standing up and stepping quickly to be on the other side of the room."Come in!" I called, making it look like I had been reading on my window seat.Narcissa came in."Are you comfortable?" She tried to sound curious, but with how her voice was it sounded cold to me.This whole house was cold."As comfortable as I can be, in an unfamiliar place." I admitted.I found that she appreciated honesty over everything else."I imagined so." She nodded and came in to sit on the window seat with me."How are you today?" I asked, closing my book."I'm well. I came in to ask you some questions actually." Narcissa said, looking out of the window and onto the fields."Ask away." I waved my hand to her.She took a few seconds before turning to me."You are aware of your heritage on your… mother's side?" She asked, her grey eyes empty."I am." I answered slowly."You… you do have family in the Netherlands -" Narcissa cut herself off."And they disowned her when she turned her back on her heritage." I supplied the information to her.When I was meeting with Sirius last year, he told me some of what he knew and remembered about my mom. That was one of the things he told me about.She blinked a couple of times. I don't think she knew that."Are you interested in meeting them?" She asked, her voice calm."No." I answered quickly, shaking my head."May I ask, why not?" Narcissa had a hint of curiosity."They disowned her, I don't think I would be a welcomed part of their family." I answered."And if I told you, I received a letter from your grandmother…?" Narcissa asked cautiously.I blinked a few times."Did you?" I asked.She nodded and handed me a letter that hadn't been opened. I took it from her, being careful not to wrinkle it."I'll let you decide what to do about it." She said, realizing I wanted to be left alone with it."Thank you." My voice was quiet."Oh, and we are going to the Minister's tonight for dinner, we'll be leaving at five o'clock. Please dress appropriately." She paused at the door."I will. Thank you for letting me know." I nodded to her.She nodded and left my room.I moved from the windowsill to sit at the desk that had been added to my room.When Narcissa was working on getting the adoption paper, she and Mr. Malfoy were kind enough to add more furniture to it. I had a wardrobe and the desk, Narcissa even took me to get a side table for next to my bed. I was overwhelmed by all these things that were mine.I stared at the letter in my hands, then checked the time on the watch on my wrist.It was something Mr. Malfoy gave me on my second day here. I was cautious of it, not wanting to put something cursed on my body. Nothing's happened yet, but I wouldn't put it past him.The time was one thirteen in the afternoon, and if dinner was at five I should open this letter now. But I could only stare at the cursive script in the middle of it.'Cassiopeia Zwart'"So they know my name." I said letting the cursive swirl into a blur as I let my eyes unfocus.I had left the letter unopened when I walked down the stairs. One of the perks of being in a rich family is that they dress in the most beautiful things. I had decided to avoid clashing with the Malfoys and wear black robes. They did have the Gryffindor lion embroidered on the trim, and that didn't get Mr. Malfoy's disapproval but I didn't dare push my luck."Good evening," I greeted the Malfoys.They wore matching emerald robes. And they were a striking family with their sharp cheekbones and pointed noses. I felt a little out of place, but I didn't dare change my appearance otherwise Draco would never let me hear the end of it."Cassiopeia," Mr. Malfoy bowed and held his arm out for me."Thank you, Mr. Malfoy." I nodded to him and put my hand in the crook of his elbow.With a nod to Narcissa, the four of us Apparated away and onto a paved sidewalk."Stay close." Mr. Malfoy hadn't mastered the ability to warm up his voice.And it never failed to give me goosebumps.I made sure to keep my grip on his elbow as he led us through some streets before tapping his cane on a door with a gargoyle head on a knocker."Invitation?" The gargoyle whispered.Mr. Malfoy pulled a neatly folded parchment out and showed it to the gargoyle."Welcome, Lucius Malfoy." The gargoyle whispered.Mr. Malfoy opened the door and I had to blink to realize that we had entered the equivalent of a mansion foyer."Lucius!" Boomed a voice.Mr. Malfoy made sure that I kept my hand in his elbow when the Minister of Magic walked down a hallway, dressed in striped maroon robes."Good evening, Minister." Mr. Lucius gave a nod and an attempt at a smile."And Narcissa! You're looking as radiant as ever." Minister Fudge took Narcissa's hand and placed a kiss on her knuckles.Narcissa let out a laugh and I was impressed with how she was able to make it sound warm."Draco! You're growing into your father's good looks." Minister Fudge slapped Draco on the back.Draco glowed with pride, but did look disgruntled from the back slap."And -" Minister paused when he got to me."Hello, Minister Fudge." I said, giving him a respectful nod."Cassiopeia, I hope the Malfoy's are taking excellent care of you." He said stiffly."They are the most wonderful people." I said, my smile was genuine."That's good to hear!" He was still stiff."Now," Minister Fudge turned to Lucius.Narcissa smoothly switched my hand with hers and I was walking next to Draco as the Minister led Mr. Malfoy and Narcissa to the dining hall.I didn't realize I was sulking until Draco moved his arm to force me to stand up straight."Shoulders back, don't let it strain you." He barely whispered.My mind blanked out for a second.Draco, was actually helping me?I didn't question it. Even if it was brief, we just had a moment and I was not going to let it go to waste."Narcissa!" A woman I had never seen before greeted Narcissa with warm arms."Anastasia!" Narcissa greeted the woman.She had soft brown hair that was curled to her shoulders. I was surprised that she had pleasant navy blue robes that complimented Minister Fudge's robes. She didn't have any patterns on her robes, I think that would have clashed."Who is this young lady?" The woman had dark brown eyes that looked tired."This is Cassiopeia Zwart, my cousin." Draco introduced, his voice stiff."Hello, ma'am." I was unsure of what to say."Please, call me Anastasia." She greeted me, taking my hand from Draco and leading me and Narcissa to one side of the long table."Will you call me Cassie? Cassiopeia is a mouthful in my opinion." I asked."Of course, dear." She nodded."Sit next to me." Narcissa whispered to me.I followed her lead as we sat down. I placed my hands in my lap and Draco was shooting gloating glances to me.I waited until Narcissa grabbed the right forks and spoons to go with whatever course of the meal we were eating. Anastasia tried to include me in the conversation, but I couldn't offer much for answers."Cassiopeia, is it true you're on the Gryffindor Quidditch team?" Minister Fudge suddenly asked me."Wh - oh, yes I am. However, I am just a reserve. I only play when I need to. Draco is the Seeker on the Slytherin Quidditch Team, and he's a supurpb player!" I wanted to get the attention off of me as quickly as possible.Draco looked sharply at me.Minister Fudge clucked his tongue at me."That's a shame. I hear that you have recently acquired a Firebolt." Minister Fudge said conversationally."I have." I nodded and chose my words carefully. "My captain, Oliver Wood, had already chosen the team when -" I paused here.Malfoy and I shared a look and his pale skin flushed."- when there was an incident at school. It was only by accident I was c-caught flying with my friend Harry." I stuttered but was already in my flow that I had to finish it."Harry Potter?" Anastasia perked up.This time I flushed as Draco looked down and cut his meat just a little more aggressively."Yes ma'am, Harry Potter." I nodded."He is such a wonderful boy-" And the Minister turned back to Lucius for just a few moments.I must have sighed in relief louder than I meant to, because Draco looked up at me and Narcissa gave me a light tap on my thigh."Oh! I meant to ask, how would the four of you like to sit with me in the Top Box for the Quidditch World Cup?" Minister Fudge asked loudly.Draco let out an excited gasp, earning something painful from Mr. Malfoy. Judging by the way he flinched."Oh, Minister, we couldn' -" Narcissa spoke up."Nonsense! I'll cover the ticket prices and I'll even reserve a spot for you!" Minister waved Narcissa off."That's awfully kind of you, Minister!" I spoke up and I think I smiled for the first time."Y-yes! Thank you, Minister Fudge!" Draco took my lead."Thank you, that's very kind of you, Minister." Lucius nodded."Excellent!" Minister Fudge clapped his hands together."This year, it's Bulgaria versus Ireland." Draco said, unable to contain his excitement and spoke to me."Who do you think will win?" I asked.Draco and I had a decent conversation for once. I had managed to get him to tell me about the Ireland team before he realized just what he was doing and suddenly stopped talking to me. Choosing to suddenly eat a big piece of desert and taking time to join Mr. Malfoy and the Minister's conversation."Thank you for a lovely evening." I shook Minister Fudge's hand as we prepared to leave."You are most welcome." He had gotten warmer towards me at the very end."I will owl you the details later this week, Lucius." Minister Fudge turned to Mr. Malfoy."I will be looking for it." Mr. Malfoy nodded.Mr. Malfoy held his elbow out for me and I took it. He led us out of the house and down the street and then Apparated us back into Malfoy Manor."You were impeccable tonight, Cassopeia." Mr. Malfoy stated.Even though it was a stiff compliment, it still made me feel good and I smiled at him."Thank you." I answered back.Draco and I walked up the stairs together and went our separate ways into our bedrooms.I slumped my shoulders and was just so relieved to be back in a space I was comfortable in. I carefully took off my robes and placed them back in the wardrobe. Rather than put on my pajamas, I just dropped on the bed and went right to sleep.HELLO AND WELCOME TO THE FOURTH BOOK IN THIS SERIES!Shout out to RavenSummer-1-2-3 for adding me to your favorite list!Shout out to AlecLightwoodMagnusBane for adding 'The Treasured Prisoner of Azkaban' to your favorite list!Shout out to Zack Munson for adding me to your favorite list!

Chapter 2 The Quidditch World Cup PreparationI was given permission to bring Ariel with us to the Cup, but I didn't want to put her in the middle of all that chaos so I only packed what clothes I thought I would need. Some clothes and some books to keep me entertained, along with my toiletries.We were staying at the Cup for two weeks. Two whole weeks of camping with the Malfoys. I wasn't sure if I was ready to be in that close of proximity with them, but I was willing to give it a try."Have everything you need?" Narcissa asked me when I joined them in the foyer."Yes ma'am." I nodded, tightening my backpack straps so that it wouldn't get loose in the Apparation."Do you want to take your -?" She gestured outside."No, we can leave that here." I shook my head."Alright." She gave a single nod.I could tell the Malfoy's were relieved that they wouldn't have to be seen with a Muggle contraption."Do we need anything else?" I asked, looking around."No dear, we're using a Portkey this time since we're traveling with extra items." Narcissa explained as she escorted me outside.There was a ministry wizard with a tarnished looking house key on a chain hanging from his gloved hand."That's just a key." I said dumbly, looking up at Narcissa."It's a Portkey, it's been enchanted to take us to the campground where we will be staying." She explained."Right. Magic." I nodded, still feeling stupid.She gave a chuckle and we joined Mr. Malfoy and Draco by the ministry wizard."Mr. Malfoy, Mrs. Malfoy, on my count." He said, getting right to business.I felt my heart start to pump harder as we stood there. Draco even gave me a rare smile."Three…" The worker started to count down."Two…"Draco looked at his father and I looked at Narcissa."One…"I raised my hand with Narcissa and placed a finger on an open spot on the key."Now!" The worker let go of the chain and I was lost in a swirling motion.I could only focus on Draco who was in front of me, and Mr. Malfoy and Narcissa were on either side of me."Let go!" Narcissa managed to say over the wind in my ears."How?!" I shouted."Just let go!" Draco said and he was gone!I focused on my finger and willed it to stop touching the key.I started to hurtle through the air and landed hard on my back. I gasped for air as the Malfoys walked down from the air gracefully."The first couple of times take you by surprise." Narcissa said as she landed on her feet next to me.I nodded as I tried to catch my breath.Draco was chuckling as he walked past me, following his father to another Ministry worker and handed the key to him."Are you alright?" Narcissa asked when I forced myself to stand up."I don't - usually fall -" I answered as we followed Mr. Malfoy and Draco."Ah." Narcissa nodded.We walked past a teller shack and Mr. Malfoy had the worst sneer on his face."You have to pay!" An obviously muggle man called out."I can take care of this, Mr. Malfoy." I said and walked over to the man.Mr. Malfoy didn't need to bother with him if I could do it instead."We have a reservation and I believe it's already paid for." I said as I walked up to the man."What's the name?" He asked, casting a wary glance at Mr. Malfoy.We were dressed in robes and I was mentally smacking my head for it."Malfoy, sir." I answered.He looked at me strangely, but started looking over a list that was thankfully in alphabetical order."Malfoy… Oh yes, here you are. Space for four of you. Here is your map, and this spot here is where you will be staying." The man handed me the map and circled an area that was red."Thank you, sir." I smiled at him and walked back to the Malfoy family."Is everything taken care of?" Mr. Malfoy asked, his voice had a jeering tone."Yes, Mr. Malfoy." I nodded and took to leading the way.There were little posts and thankfully they were marked along the way. I got us to our post that was marked 'Malfoy' and there was an empty plot of land."I was not aware we had to provide ourselves with lodgings?" Narcissa inquired to Mr. Malfoy."Neither was I. I will go search for the Minister and see what can be done." Mr. Malfoy's face had gotten colder.I put down my luggage bag and sat down on it, Narcissa stayed standing and Draco followed my suit. I started to play with my nose piercing when I heard my name.I looked to my left and I saw that Oliver Wood was waving at me. I glanced over at Narcissa and decided to go and talk with my old Quidditch captain."Hello Oliver!" I greeted him."How did you manage to get tickets to the World Cup?" He asked."Uh - the Malfoy's know the right people." I made sure to keep my answer as vague as possible."Ah, of course. I didn't know you were friends with the Malfoy's?" Oliver raised his eyebrow at me."I'm not, turns out Mrs. Malfoy and I are cousins, so she took me in." I answered."Small world. This is my father -"Oliver introduced me to his family, and told me all about the Quidditch team that signed him on. He was a little disappointed to tell me that I would have to try out for the Quidditch team again but he hoped I could play more. Even if it was as the Keeper.I didn't realize that when he left I was free to move onto the team. I got more excited for the school year, knowing that I had a chance to make it on the Gryffindor team.Mr. Malfoy had managed to get a tent from the Minister, who apologized profusely when he realized that was a miscommunication somewhere in the paperwork. The tent was meager, but I realized that there was a charm on it to make it expand on the inside. Mr. Malfoy wasn't fond of the lack of richness aura but I was fine with the tent. Mr. Malfoy and Narcissa made quick work of setting it up and Draco made sure he picked his room first.I didn't care, I had the room closest to the front of the tent so I could leave whenever I wanted. And I was always back in time for meals. When I wasn't eating with the many people who I met.I met so many people. All from around the world; some had been there for over three months because they wanted to make sure they didn't miss the game. And people were coming in every day. The muggle family had to get memory charms everyday since a lot of people didn't seem to care about the anti-muggle precautions, or whatever the ministry workers grumbled about.I didn't know who I would be seeing, and I hadn't received any mail from my friends since before I came to the Cup. I haven't seen an owl while here so I wasn't able to let anyone know where I was. Granted, I just hoped Harry and Sirius were safe.I wasn't sure where Sirius was, but after his last letter I told him that we should probably keep out of contact since I was living with the Malfoy's and I didn't want them thinking I was in contact with him. It broke my heart, having to distance myself from him.It was a long two weeks. I ran into Seamus Finnegan who was for the Ireland team. The part of the campsite he was in was nothing but shamrock green colors and it hurt my eyes to see it. I ran into Oliver a couple of times and we just nodded to each other, I was just trying to avoid the Malfoys.I also found the guy who had pierced my nose reading a book on a hammock."Oliver?" I asked.He looked up and it took him a few minutes to recognize me."I remember you, you're Black's daughter." He said, sitting up from his hammock."That's me." I nodded."How are you doing?" He asked, closing his book and inviting me to sit in his campsite.We got to talking, and after what felt like an hour. He went into his tent and brought out a weird contraption."Are you sure you want a tattoo?" He asked as he got it ready."Yeah." I nodded."Do you want them to be enchanted?" He asked, getting his wand ready."How do I do that?" I asked."Well, I can have them flash when you're close to your friends. You want a lightning bolt, a chess piece, and a book. Right?" He asked, drawing these things on a piece of paper."Yes. The chess piece, could you make the top of it the King?" I asked as he drew the bottom of a chess piece.Oliver nodded and sketched the rest of the piece."I can enchant these, so that when you're close to your friends, they will flash. Not brightly though, it'll be more of a flash of different color. So if you want the lightning bolt to be gold, I can make it flash silver or white when that friend is close. And red to a darker color or lighter color of your choice." Oliver explained as he tapped his wand to the pictures to show me what they would like."Can you make them all flash silver or white?" I asked."I can do white with a silver sheen." Oliver tapped the paper again."I like that effect." I nodded."Alright, now how would you like them placed. And where?" He asked.I held out my right arm with the crook of my elbow facing up."In a line, starting with the lightning bolt, then the King, and a book." I pointed from the outside of my arm, the center, and the inside of my arm."I can do that. You know, I should really get a guardian's approval for this." Oliver said as he started to clean my arm with rubbing alcohol."They won't know who you are. I'll just keep it hidden until I get to school." I smiled up at him.He nodded and got right to work."If you feel light headed, let me know. This will take longer than your nose piercing did." He said and got right to work.It felt like a burning sensation, and it was uncomfortable. But I was accustomed to the burning sensation. It was constant on my left side. Snape had taught me a charm to calm the burning, but there will never be a counter to the curse.It took Oliver thirty minutes to complete my tattoo. They were cartoonish in appearance, and looked amazing."As soon as you see your friends, have them each touch their tattoo and say 'Amici SimulAmici Seorsum' and they'll start to flash." Oliver said as he washed my arm up again."Amici Simul Amici Seorsum." I repeated."Exactly. And they have to touch it with their wands and fingers, like this." He showed me by placing his wand at the bottom of the lightning bolt and a finger at the top of it."I will do that. Thank you!" I beamed up at him.I gave him five galleons for his effort and he raised an eyebrow at the amount, but he didn't fight it."I'm sure I'll be coming to you for more." I winked and waved good-bye.He waved before getting into his hammock and going back to his book.My arm burned for the rest of the day, but it was a pleasant burn. When I returned to the Malfoy tent, I made sure to hide my newest addition and the Malfoy's didn't seem to notice.So Cassie has a tattoo at the ripe age of fourteen. I know, I know, but I have tattoos and let me tell you, I've been thinking about what to get for Harry Potter and I just loved the idea of the chess piece for Ron and it got away from me haha!Shout out to Death is my angel for adding this story to your favorite and following list!Shout out to titclem for following this story!Shout out to GodShynin300 for adding this story to your favorite list!Shout out to deafkiwigirl2019 for adding this story to your favorite and following list!Shout out to Haunted Veela for adding 'The Treasured Prisoner of Azkaban' to your favorite list!Shout out to emeliereadsalot for adding me to your favorite list!Shout out to MarsUltor45 for following and favoriting this story!Shout out to AlexBlackBooks for leaving a review!

Chapter 3 Friendly ReunionThe day of the match, Narcissa told me I had to be back before sunset because that's when we would start heading to the Quidditch Pitch. I promised her I would be back in time and went out again.I was walking by the water line when a flash of red hair caught my eye. I did a double take and took off running."RON!" I shouted.Ron turned around and had to drop the empty saucepans he was holding to catch me."Wha- who -? Cassie?!" He asked as he caught me.I pulled away laughing at his reaction."Cassie!"I gave a squeal of delight and happily hugged Harry who's grin was matching mine."What are you doing here?!" The three of us asked in unison.We all laughed and I was delighted to see that Hermione was with the two boys."Oh, Cassie!" She was overjoyed to see me."Hello!" I said, giving Hermione a hug and taking the extra saucepan Ron had."What are you doing here?" Harry asked as I joined them in the water line."The Malfoy's are here. Mr. Malfoy managed to pull some strings and got us some tickets." I answered first."Of course Malfoy's here." Ron sighed."Oh!" I snapped my fingers and showed them the inside of my arm."You got tattoos?!" Ron gasped."Oh Cassie! What would -" Hermione stopped to look around."Snuffles is a little preoccupied, I don't think he's going to care." I said, shaking my head at her.Hermione pursed her lips in a disapproving way before opening her mouth again."And the Malfoy's don't know about them." I answered before she could answer."That's so wicked!" Ron admired the chess piece."Before I forget, do you guys have your wands?" I asked."Of course." Ron said."But we're not supposed to use magic outside of school." Hermione hissed, horror on her face."Fine, you can wait until we get to school." I said to her.I turned to Ron who had pulled out his wand."Put your wand here, and your finger here." I placed his wand and finger like Oliver had shown me."Now what?" Ron asked."Repeat 'Amici Simul Amici Seorsum'." I answered."Amici Simul Amici Seorsum." Ron repeated.The scarlet king piece started to flash between silver and scarlet."Wicked!" Ron and Harry both said, watching it."Harry, your turn." I turned to Harry.He placed his wand and finger where they needed to be and repeated the spell.His lightning bolt started to flash gold and silver at the same time as the king piece."That's so much cooler than I expected." I admitted to the two of them.The three of us turned to Hermione, who was chewing her lip."Come on 'Mione." I urged her."Oh. Oh alright!" She sighed and pulled out her wand."Amici Simul Amici Seorsum." She said and her navy blue book started to flash silver as well.I watched as her face had a moment of satisfaction before looking disapproving again."I'll admit, this may be harder to hide from Narcissa now." I said as I watched the tattoos flash.Hermione huffed as Ron laughed at my statement. Harry chuckled as he bumped his elbow into my shoulder.Ron had shot up, Hermione and I were still the same height, and Harry was just slightly taller than me. We were all thin, but Harry was thinner than us.I hung out with them in the water line and I carried the spare saucepan of water to their campsite. They were so far away from where I was staying, and I had to make sure I was back in time to go to the game with the Malfoy's."How long have you been here, Cassie?" Ron asked."Two weeks. You guys?" I asked."Two weeks? We got here this morning!" Ron sounded skeptical."Malfoy perk." Harry and I spoke in unison.Ron grumbled as we walked along."Who d'you reckon they are?" Harry asked, pointing to a group of teenagers. "They don't go to Hogwarts, do they?"" 'Spect they go to some foreign school," Ron answered. "I know there are others. Never met anyone who went to one, though. Bill had a penfriend at a school in Brazil… this was years and years ago… and he wanted to go on an exchange trip but mum and dad couldn't afford it. His penfriend got all offended when he said he wasn't going and sent him a cursed hat. It made his ears shrivel up."Harry and I laughed at that.Ron flicked his head at me and walked into a regular looking tent.Mr. Weasley was crouched next to a fire and looked like he was having fun with the matches."Hello Mr. Weasley." I greeted, keeping my voice quiet.Mr. Weasley looked up in surprise."Cassie!" He said, keeping his voice quiet."I'll come out and help you." I smiled kindly at the man.He nodded and kept lighting the matches.I let the others go ahead of me so that I could surprise the rest of the Weasley's."You've been ages," George's voice said from inside."Met a few people," Ron answered."Picked up a straggler." Harry added and I walked into the tent."Cassie!" Several voices rung out."Hello!" I greeted the family of redheads.Ginny was quick to take the saucepan of water from me and put it on the table and give me a hug."We haven't heard from you for a while!" Fred hugged me next."I've been here for the last two weeks." I said as George and I just waved at each other."Two weeks?!" George and Fred said."Yeah, I'm going to go help your dad with the fire." I said and turned around.Ginny followed me and I taught both her and Mr. Weasley how to make a fire.Charlotte wanted to keep kids busy during the summers and signed us up for camps and such. I learned some camping skills through those summer camps.I had it hot within half an hour. Mr. Weasley's tent was set up next to the path that was to be going into the forest where the Pitch was hidden.Mr. Weasley was keeping a running commentary for Hermione, Harry and I of all the people who came and greeted him."That was Cuthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin Liaison Office… Here comes Gilbert Wimple; he's with the Committee on Experimental Charms; he's had those horns for a while now… Hello, Arnie… Arnold Peasegood, he's an Obliviator - member of the Accident Magic Reversal Squad, you know… and there's Bode and Croaker… they're Unspeakables…""They're what?" Harry asked."From the Department of Mysteries, top secret, no idea what they get up to…" Mr. Weasley clarified.I had started to make some sausages and eggs and was starting to serve the girls when three more redheads came out of the forest."Just Apparated, Dad."I recognized Percy, but I didn't recognize the other two.Percy, who was looking pompous at just Apparating, deflated quite a bit when he saw me." 'Ello, Perce." I grinned at him."Where did you come from?" He asked, not too kindly."Percy!" Mr. Weasley snapped."You must be Cassie!" The one Weasley man took me by surprise.He had his hair grown out and in a ponytail behind his head. He had an earring of a fang hanging from his left earlobe, and his clothes looked like he was going out to a rock concert."I am." I stood up and shook his hand."I'm Bill!" The cool looking Weasley smiled at me."Headboy Bill?!" I asked with scepticism.Bill, and the other must be Charlie, both threw their heads back in laughter. Percy let out a loud sniff of disapproval and walked away from us, accepting a plate of eggs and sausage from Mr. Weasley."Are you really a metamorphmagus?" Charlie asked, shaking my hand.His hand was calloused and he had a nice shiny burn on his forearm.I grinned at them and changed my black hair to match the Weasley scarlet."Wicked!" They both smiled."I even cook!" I said and gestured to the food."An' she'th uh goo' one!" Ron said through a mouth full of food.Percy was in a huff as I got to know Bill and Charlie. They had waited until meeting me to see if I was as bad as Mrs. Weasley and Percy claimed I was. I was glad they had done so, they were so much cooler than Percy was."Cassie, are those tattoos?" Ginny asked and pointed at my arm.I looked down at my arm and saw that it was still flashing."You have a nose piercing, are a metamorphmagus, and have tattoos?" Charlie asked, admiring my tattoos."And my dad is the escaped convict Sirius Black." I added with a feeling of pride."Ron, your friend is wicked cool!" Bill said, looking at my tattoos.Ron flushed at that compliment and coughed some water down."Thanks guys." I laughed.Mr. Weasley was looking at me with objection."Did the Malfoy's really allow you to get those?" He asked, taking my arm and looking at it from every angle he can."They weren't there when I made the decision to get my nose pierced. They're not going to be there for any future decisions I make with my body." I said it calmly.Mr. Weasley looked at me sharply and I held his gaze.The rest of the Weasley kids seem to know that something was passing between me and their dad. After what felt like forever, Mr. Weasley let go of my arm with a nod."What do they mean?" Bill asked, trying to get the awkwardness out of the air."The lightning bolt is Harry," I pointed between my tattoo and Harry."That should have been obvious." Charlie nodded."The King is Ron, because he's an amazing chess player." I smiled at Ron who blushed and looked away."Fitting." Bill said with an approving tone."And the book is Hermione, because she is the cleverest witch of our age." I finished."Amazing." Charlie said and grinned at me.Suddenly, Mr. Weasley stood up from his seat and started waving at a man who was walking towards us."Aha!" Mr. Weasley said. "The man of the moment! Ludo!"This Ludo man was dressed ridiculously. He was wearing long Quidditch robes that were striped horizontally in black and yellow. He had a picture of a wasp stretched across his chest. The robes might have fit him at some point, but in his age he had started to lose his muscles.The robes were stretched tightly across his stomach. His nose was squashed, probably from a Quidditch incident. He had the most brilliant blue eyes, short blond hair, and a rosy complexion that reminded me of an overgrown schoolboy."Ahoy there!" The man greeted us happily.He walked with a skip in his step, just watching him made my giddy."Arthur, old man." He puffed when he reached our campsite. "What a day, eh? What a day! Could we have asked for more perfect weather? A cloudless night coming… and hardly a hiccough in the arrangements… Not much for me to do!"Comically, behind him a group of haggard wizards rushed past, pointing at a fire shooting violet sparks twenty feet into the air.Harry and I shared a look and a snigger.Percy had stood up and hurried forward, his hand ready to shake the man's hand."Ah - yes," Mr. Weasley was grinning. "This is my son, Percy. He's just started at the Ministry - and this is Fred - no, George, sorry - that's Fred - Bill, Charlie, Ron - my daughter, Ginny - and Ron's friends, Hermione Granger, Cassie Zwart, and Harry Potter."I shook the man's hand and he was staring at my nose so I changed my hair from red, back to black. He gave a delighted sound and then did the smallest of double takes at Harry's name. I saw the flick of his eyes when he looked at Harry's forehead."Everyone," Mr. Weasley turned to us. "This is Ludo Bagman, you know who he is, it's thanks to him we've got such good tickets -"Bagman beamed and waved his hand in a 'it was nothing' way."Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur?" Bagman asked with eagerness.He jingled his pockets and it sounded like he had a lot of gold in them."I've already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will score first -""Ireland will win, but Krum gets the Snitch." I suddenly said."What was that?" Ron snapped his neck to face me."Ireland will win, but Krum gets the Snitch?" Fred repeated me.I blinked in horror with Hermione."We'll bet thirty-seven Galleons, fifteen Sickles, three Knuts," Fred was quick to get George and him to pool their money together, "that Ireland wins -" Fred looked at me for a second. "But Viktor Krum gets the Snitch. Oh and we'll throw in a fake wand.""Cassie!" Hermione hissed to me."I can't control it!" I hissed back.I watched as the wand Fred gave Bagman gave a loud squawk and turned into a rubber chicken. I was impressed with it.Percy was hissing something at the twins when Bagman started to roar with laughter."Excellent! I haven't seen one that convincing in years! I'd pay five Galleons for that!" Bagman complimented.Mr. Weasely was hissing under his breath at the boys when I finally looked at the time on my watch."I need to get going!" I said, standing up."Must you?" Harry asked."They have my ticket, I should walk to the Pitch with them. Hopefully I'll see you after!" I said.Harry, Hermione, and Ginny stood up to give me a hug. I shook Bill and Charlie's hands and I politely shook Bagman's hand as well.I waved to the rest of the family before starting my walk back to the Malfoy tent.Y'ALL HAVE NO IDEA HOW EXCITED I AM FOR NEXT CHAPTER!I'm so excited!Shout out to annabelle . ward1 for following the story, and me! (I know you don't have the space in your name but it wouldn't save with it all together.)Shout out to luxgal7 adding this story to your following and favorite list!Shout out to lindsay . ponce2001 for following this story! (I know you don't have the space in your name but it wouldn't save with it all together.)Shout out to climate25 for following this story!Shout out to StarSerene for following this story!Shout out to emeliereadsalot for adding this story to your favorite list and following list and for following me!Shout out to AlexBlackbooks for leaving a review!AlexBlackbooks I'm glad you're enjoying my stories! BUT even though the world is just a little stir-crazy, I have to keep to my schedule because if I post every day then I'll get burnt out on this story. This way I have the whole week to make small edits to make the next chapter flow, and it gives me time to continue writing the rest of story. This also makes it easier for me to remember who favorites, follows, and reviews and put them all in one chapter rather than missing them thinking I've already put them in my shout-outs.

Chapter 4 Bulgaria VS. IrelandI had gotten a red rosette and I had put my hair up in a ponytail and clipped it to my hair. If I was right about the end of the game, I was going to stick with Bulgaria.The Malfoy's had decided that the souvenirs weren't worth spending money on. However, they did get me a pair of Omnioculars and Draco was explaining to me how to work them. He was too excited for the game to remember he hated me.There was a loud gong from somewhere in the woods and Mr. Malfoy stood up."It's time, come along." He said and led the way.Draco offered me his arm so that we could stick together, since Narcissa was being escorted by her husband."I know we're at a bypass. But I'm just so excited!" I said, trying to keep my voice down."I understand." Draco shared a rare smile with me.We were getting along so well, Narcissa and Mr. Malfoy looked back at us and started muttering to themselves.We followed a lantern lit trail, but the lanterns were red and green to pay homage to the teams. I stumbled in my step when I saw the size of the Quidditch Pitch.Draco let out a laugh as he led me up the walkways."This pitch can seat well over a hundred thousand!" Draco told me. "I hear there was a Ministry task force of five hundred who have been working on this all year!""It took them only a year?" I asked."Only!" Draco nodded.Draco was enjoying my reactions to the facts he was telling me.I had a feeling that he was just lonely since he was an only child. His friends Gregory and Vincent haven't come around the Manor, and I don't know why."We're in the Top Box, we're going as high as we can go." Narcissa turned around to tell us this in the crowd."Can we ride brooms up to the Box? Or something? My legs are already starting to feel the burn from the climbing." I sighed to Draco who nodded in agreement.It didn't take as long as I thought it was going to be. We made it to the top and I was glad to see the Weasley's were already up there."- and here's Lucius!""Oh no." I muttered.Draco pulled away from me and I can feel the Malfoy's grow cold.There were three empty seats right behind Mr. Weasley, and it looked like there was a spare seat next to Harry."Ah, Fudge." Mr. Malfoy held out his hand to shake the Minister's. "How are you? You remember my wife, Narcissa? And our son, Draco? And our dear cousin, Cassiopeia?""How do you do, how do you do?" Fudge was all smiles when he bowed to Narcissa and I."I'm going to sit next to my friends." I made sure only Narcissa heard me.I was relieved when Narcissa nodded to me.As I walked by the first couple of Weasley's, I made a show of changing my hair to the Bulgarian flag colors; white, green, and red. Bill playfully sneered at me but gave me a high-five as I walked by."Hiya, Cassie!" Ron said as I walked by."Hello!" I smiled at my friends as I sat next to Harry.I gave a jump when there was a tap on my shoulder. I turned around to face a man with splendid robes of black velvet with gold trim."You are a metamorvmagus?" He had a thick Bulgarian accent."Yes sir." I nodded."Vonderful!" He smiled at me."Have you met any before me?" I asked."Before you, just one. And it vas so long ago." He actually looked sad at that last part.I didn't catch what Ron had said to Harry and Hermione. But Bagman suddenly appeared in the Box with us."Everyone ready?" He asked, his round face gleaming with excitement. "Minister - ready to go?""Ready when you are, Ludo." The Minister was comfortable in this element.Bagman whipped out his wand, pointed it at his throat, and said "Sonorus!" and spoke over the pitch with a booming voice."Ladies and gentlemen… welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second Quidditch World Cup!"It was hard not to be in the moment, to not scream in Harry's ears."And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce… the Bulgarian National Team Mascots!"The right hand side was scarlet, and it roared its approval."I wonder what they've brought," Mr. Weasley leaned forward in his seat. "Aaah!" He whipped his glasses and polished them on his robes. "Veela!""What are veel -?" Harry started to ask.I pointed at the bottom of the field. Veela were women, and they were beautiful women. So beautiful, I doubted they were human.They started to dance and I could feel my mind going numb, but I was able to keep Harry back as he went into a trance, along with the rest of the men in the Top Box."Harry, stop what you're doing!" I shouted.I was trying to keep my focus on Harry staying in the box, but the song the veela were singing was distracting.The music finally stopped and I was able to help Harry get his legs back over the box."Cassie?" Harry turned to me.I blushed and pulled him, and Ron back into their seats."Cassie?" Hermione leaned forward to look at me.I shook my head at my friends and the sudden feeling of disgust inside me.Ron had gone to work on shredding his shamrocks out of his hat. Mr. Weasley grabbed it out of Ron's hands."You'll be wanting that, once Ireland has had their say." He told his son."Huh?" Ron looked like an absolute idiot with his mouth hanging open."Honestly!" Hermione huffed."And now," Bagman roared across the Pitch. "Kindly put your wands in the air… for the Irish National Team Mascots!"There was an amazing gold-and-green comet shot around the stadium. It then split into two comets and when they met again, they created a wonderful rainbow. I ooooohed and aaaaaahed with the crowd at the colors.The rainbow faded and the balls of light reunited, changing into a shamrock, which rose into the sky. The shamrock started to soar over the stands, and it was raining gold -"Excellent!" Ron shouted, and started to catch the gold."Leprechauns!" I said with Mr. Weasley.I saw the shamrock was little men with green clothes, red hair and beard, with little minute lamps of gold or green."There you go!" Ron yelled happily.I watched as he shoved a fistful of gold into Harry's pocket."For the Omnioculars! Now you've got to buy me a Christmas present, ha!"I felt a pit start to form in my stomach.'No! Not now! Not here!' I put a hand on my stomach to massage it."Are you okay?" Harry asked, keeping his voice quiet."I will be." I nodded to him."Don't lie to me, please." He said into my ear."I have a bad feeling. I just don't know what it's for." I explained to him."What good are feelings if you can't pinpoint why you're having them?" Harry asked."I have no idea." I laughed with him.The pit didn't let up, but I did feel better with that conversation. Though I did know he actually meant it."And now!" Bagman pulled me out of my thoughts. "Ladies and gentlemen, kindly welcome - the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! I give you - Dimitrov!"From the right side of the field, a scarlet streak shot around the field."Ivanova! Zograf! Levski! Volkov! Aaaaaaand - Krum!""That's him! That's him!" Ron shouted excitedly.The Bulgarian team flew around the pitch together and they stopped to give the Minister's a nod."And now, please greet - the Irish National Quidditch Team!" Bagman shouted over the crowd. "Presenting - Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaand - Lynch!"Seven green blurs circled the Pitch and came and paid their respects to the Minister's a respectful nod as well."And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!"A small wizard, with only a mustache on his face, wore robes of pure gold to match the stadium.I put the Omnioculars and found the zoom button to focus on his face. Mostafa had a silver whistle in his lips, and he was carrying a large wooden crate under one arm, and his broomstick under the other.I zoomed out and put my Omnioculars down and watched, having to squint my eyes, the referee kick the box.I only saw three balls, but I knew four had left taken into the air."Theeeeeeeey're OFF!" Bagman shouted."And it's Muller! Troy! Moran! Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! Levski! Moran!"I couldn't believe how fast they moved! I had to watch the game through the Omnioculars to even try and see the plays they were making!I got some of their plays and I knew I wasn't going to remember them for when school started, but I had fun daydreaming about using them against Slytherin."TROY SCORES!" Bagman roared.The stadium shuddered from the noise they made."But Levski's got the Quaffle!" Harry protested next to me."Harry, if you're not going to watch at normal speed, you're going to miss things!" Hermione shouted.She looked at me and together we stood up to cheer at the edge of the box. We watched as Troy did a lap of honor around the Pitch.I turned around to see that Draco was squirming in his seat but he wasn't leaving it. He must have felt me looking at him because I gestured for him to come and stand next to me. He shook his head at me and I hoped he knew he could up with me if he wanted.The rosette in my hair was squeaking the names of the Bulgarian players in my ear, and I only heard it when the Top Box was as quiet as it was going to get. Hermione and I cheered with the crowd as Ireland scored two more times.I felt a hand on my shoulder and was pleasantly surprised to see that Draco had joined me."You can stay on this side, and I'll make sure everyone else is on this side." I said into his ear.He nodded and turned back to the game. I noticed the glares the Weasley's were giving him and I couldn't do much to keep Draco from noticing. He was taller than I was.The Quidditch game was getting brutal after the Irish had scored. Volkov and Vulchanov, the beaters for Bulgaria, were hitting the Bludgers as hard and fiercely as possible at Irish Chasers. That method managed to get them to scatter.After three Bludger attacks, Ivanova was able to break through Ireland's ranks, get past Ryan, their Keeper, and score Bulgaria's first goal."Yeah!" Draco and I shouted together and high-fived.I could feel the shock from both Draco and Harry. But I didn't acknowledge the moment and I'm sure Draco appreciated that."Fingers in your ears!" Mr. Weasley bellowed.Draco, used to following orders, did as was told and I followed suit. I was able to watch the veela and when they stopped dancing I nudged Draco, who gave me a nod of thanks."Dimitrov! Levski! Dimitrov! Ivanovo - oh I say!" Bagman gasped.I grabbed Draco's arm as we both watched Krum and Lynch, plummet through the center of the Chasers."I don't see the Snitch!" I shouted in Draco's ear."It's not there!" Both Harry and Draco shouted.They took a moment to glare at each other."They're going to crash!" Hermione screamed.At the last second, Krum pulled out of the dive and spiraled off, keeping the momentum he had created. Lynch, though, hit the ground with a dull thud that echoed all around the Pitch."Fool!" Mr. Weasley moaned. "Krum was feinting!""Amazing!" My cheeks were hurting from beaming."It's time-out!" Bagman's voice echoed. "As trained mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine Aidan Lynch!""He'll be okay," I heard Charlie's voice as the crowd quieted down for a few moments."That was the Wronski Feint! Wood had tried for years to get Harry and I to do it, but neither of us knew how! But after watching that -!" I was so excited to recognize a move."That was the play?!" Harry asked next to me, fiddling with his Omnioculars."The Gryffindor captain tried to teach you that?!" Draco asked, he actually sounded disturbed."Yeah, but the first year we played Quidditch, McGonagall put a stop to it. Our second year he only touched on it, not wanting to get in trouble. Last year, Harry was focused on his Dementor problem and I was still only a reserve." I explained."Was a reserve? What about this year?" Draco asked."Wood graduated last year. So there's an open spot on the team, but I still have to try out with the rest of the House." I answered.Before Draco and I could continue our conversation, the crowd cheered. Looking down, Lynch was standing up. He gave a wave to his supporters, mounted his broom and kicked back into the air.The Ireland supporters seem to have more spirit with Lynch's revival.Mostafa blew his whistle, and the Chasers moved into action."I want to be that good!" I breathed to myself.After fifteen minutes of my eyes darting back and forth, Ireland had scored so many points. They were leading by one hundred and thirty points, to Bulgaria's ten points."Any minute now!" I shouted in Harry's ear.He looked at me and nodded in understanding.Ireland just needed to score one more time, and Krum will catch the Snitch to end the game.Suddenly there was a scream of rage from the Irish supporters, Zograf had fouled Mullet when she went to make another goal."Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task for cobbing - excessive use of elbows!" Bagman informed us after watching Mostafa make some signs at the Top Box."And - yes, it's a penalty to Ireland!"The leprechauns, who had floated into the air when Mullet was fouled, had formed the words "HA, HA, HA!"The veela had risen on the other side and had started to dance.As one, the Weasley males, Harry, and Draco all plugged their ears. As soon as Draco did so, I noticed that Mostafa got - distracted.I tugged on Draco's arm and when he looked at me I pointed to Mustafa."The ref is distracted!" I was giggling, ignoring the fuzzy sound in my ears.Draco looked down and rolled his eyes.Mustafa was flexing his arms, and grooming his mustache. In front of the veela."Now we can't have that!" Bagman was clearly amused. "Someone slap the referee!"Draco and I both laughed at a mediwizard, who had his own fingers stuffed in his ears, run out to Mustafa and start to kick his shins. Mustafa returned to his senses, and watched as he started to shout at the veela. They had stopped dancing and they weren't looking as beautiful as they just had, moments ago."And unless I'm much mistaken, Mostafa is actually attempting to send off the Bulgarian team mascots!" Bagman commentated to the crowd. "Now there's something we haven't seen before… Oh this could turn nasty…"And it was turning nasty. Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters, landed on either side of the referee. All three of them started to argue furiously, and I pulled Draco's hands away from his ears. The Veela weren't singing or dancing."How pathetic." Draco muttered loud enough for me to hear."I agree." I nodded.He gave me a surprised look, but turned back to the match.There were two short blasts from Mostafa's whistle caused the crowd to roar."Two penalties for Ireland!" Bagman shouted."Maybe they should just fly!" I shouted angrily.Even though I knew they were going to lose, with the way they were trying to start fouling, I was still frustrated with them."- better get back on those brooms…" Bagman was speaking over me. "Yes… there they go… and Troy takes the Quaffles…""FINALLY!" I shouted, shaking my fist as the Quidditch players raced around the pitch again.I felt Draco throwing his head back in laughter and he even patted me on the back.All of the Beaters didn't seem to have any care anymore. They were hitting Bludgers, and it was looking like they didn't care if they hit other people.Dimitrov made a straight shot to Moran, who had the Quaffle, and nearly knocked her off her broom."FOUL!" I shouted with the Irish supporters."Foul!" Bagman echoed what the Irish shouted. "Dimitrov skins Moran - deliberately flying to collide there - and it's got to be another penalty - yes, there's the whistle!""Come on, Krum! Catch the Snitch!" I shouted.Something happened and the veela had launched themselves at the leprechauns."What happened?" I asked, turning to Harry."The leprechauns were flipping them off and so the veela attacked." Harry explained, looking through his Omnioculars."What fantastic sportsmanship!" I said sarcastically."Cassie, look at them!" Harry pushed my Omnioculars up so that I could look through them."Wha -? What!?" I focused on the veela.They were beautiful, but when they were angry they grew wings out of their shoulders, and their heads and started to grow bird-like."And that, boys," Mr. Weasley shouted to be heard over the crowd, "is why you should never go for looks alone!""No kidding!" Draco and I said together.I took the moment to nonchalantly press my arm against Draco's, and he didn't pull away this time.Ministry wizards started to flood the pitch so that they could get control of the mascots.Up in the air, the players were tossing the Quaffle between themselves so fast, I thought it could be a bullet."Levski - Dimitrov - Moran -Troy - Mullet - Ivanova - Moran again - Moran - MORAN SCORES!"I could barely hear the Irish cheers over the screams at the bottom of the pitch. I gasped when I saw that the veela had started to throw fists of fire. One had managed to throw a fireball at Mostafa's broom, and he was trying to put it out.There was a deafening groan from the crowd. Draco pointed at Krum and I gave another gasp. Krum's face was covered with blood."Quigley hit him in the face with a Bludger!" Draco informed me."Oh man!""Time-out! Ah, come on, he can't play like that, look at him -" Ron was saying from Hermione's other side."Look at Lynch!" Harry shouted.I focused my Omnioculars on the Seekers, and Lynch was in a dive."Who dove first?" I shouted, seeing that Krum was right on his tail."Lynch!" Draco shouted."Could he be trying to feint Krum out?" I asked."I don't think so." Draco answered."He's seen the Snitch!" Harry shouted. "He's seen it! Look at him go!""They're going to crash!" Hermione shrieked."No they're not!" Ron roared."Lynch is!" Harry and I shouted.And within seconds of Harry and I having said so. Lynch crashed with a sickening thud on the ground, and was trampled by veela."The Snitch, where's the Snitch?" Charlie bellowed."Krum's got it!" I shouted, looking at the Bulgarian seeker."What?" Draco asked."Look in his hand!" I shouted."It's all over!" Harry shouted.The scoreboard flashed Bulgaria: 160, Ireland: 170."IRELAND WINS!" Bagman bellowed."I'm going back." Draco suddenly spoke in my ear."I'll join you when we're going down." I told him.He gave me a nod and joined his parents."KRUM GETS THE SNITCH - BUT IRELAND WINS - good lord, I don't think any of us were expecting that!""I did." I grinned at my friends who gave exasperated laughs."But why did he catch the Snitch?" Ron asked, applauding as he jumped up and down."He knew they were never going to catch up!" Harry started to explain."The Irish Chasers were just too good!" I added in."He wanted to end it on his terms, that's all!" Harry nodded."He was very brave, wasn't he?" Hermione said, leaning forward to watch Krum."Oh sure! Call Krum brave for getting a Bludger to the face, but when Harry gets a Bludger to the arm he could have been killed!" I teased her.She blushed but gave me a playful nudge on my shoulder."Vell, ve fought bravely." The Bulgarian Minister was standing right behind me."You can speak English!" Minister Fudge was outraged. "And you've been letting me mime everything all day!"I started to laugh, and the Bulgarian minister grinned at me."Vell, it vos very funny," the minister winked at me."And as the Irish teams performs a lap of honor, flanked by their mascots, the Quidditch World Cup itself is brought into the Top Box!" Bagman roared over the stadium.The Top Box was suddenly illuminated in a dazzling white light. I grabbed Harry's arm so that I didn't lose him in the light. He pointed at a vast golden cup into the box."Wood is going to want that." I said into his ear.I caught Draco looking at us, and he turned away when I locked eyes with him.'Who would have thought it would take a Quidditch World Cup to get him to want to be friends.' I grinned to myself.I had a chance."Let's have a really loud hand for the gallant loser - Bulgaria!" Bagman shouted.I clapped with Harry as the Bulgarian team filed between the rows of seats. Bagman called out each of their names, and each player shook hands with their own minister and then with our minister.Krum, who was last, had two spectacular black eyes forming and his nose was still lightly bleeding. He was still holding onto the Snitch. He didn't seem to notice anyone else around him. I noticed that even though he was a graceful flyer, he was awkward on the ground. He slumped his shoulders, and his feet turned outward like a duck.When his name was called, the crowd erupted. It felt like there was an earthquake under my feet.Then the Irish team followed. Lynch had to be carried by Moran and Cannolly. The second crash had dazed him and his eyes couldn't focus on anything, but his smile was huge. Troy and Quigley lifted the cup into the air and the stadium thundered.My hands were starting to get numb from all the clapping I was doing, and my throat was starting to get sore. Draco waved his hand and gestured for me to join him."I have to go, I'll see you at school!" I said into Harry's ear.He nodded and tapped his cheek. I rolled my eyes and planted a quick kiss on it before moving on down the line. Hugging Hermione, kissing Ron's cheek as well, hugging Ginny, shaking Mr. Weasley's hand, kissing Fred on the cheek, awkwardly shaking George's hand, passing over Percy who glared at me, and shaking Bill and Charlie's hands."How can you like them?" I heard Draco ask himself."They're the first family who took me in." I answered as I threaded my arm through his.He flushed at that but didn't say anything else.We were walking back along the forest towards the campsites. The pit in my stomach grew and seemed to drop farther down. I was lightly rubbing my stomach when my head started to feel fuzzy."Draco." I said, my voice sounding funny."What?" He asked, his voice curt."Get, Narcissa, please." I requested trying to keep my voice steady so that it wouldn't crack."Are you okay?" He was starting to get uneasy."I will be," I nodded, my vision starting to fog."It's too late to get Narcissa. Draco, you're going to need to take me to a tree and make sure no one can see me." I clutched Draco's arm."Why -?" He asked."I'll answer when I come back." I was short and curt with him.He was hesitant, but thankfully he led me to a tree and managed to get me hidden behind one."Thank y- " I started.Oh boy...Shout out to m . cullen5991 for adding this story to your following and favorites list!Shout out to symonator for following this story!Shout out to AlexBlackBooks and Pamela Hutchins for leaving a review!AlexBlackBooks: Oh thank you! I wish I could put emojis on here. As for your abbreviations, I understand HP, but who's CHB? And don't worry, I've got Cassie's backstory all figured out. I haven't thrown in the Greek mythology because I want to focus my story on a different aspect, so I'm sorry to say we're not doing Artemis lineage or anything like that. You will just have to wait and see who she is directly related too!Pamela Hutchins: PAMELA! DARLING! HELLO! I'm glad you're enjoying this and you laughed at Fred! I hope you'll laugh more at them!

Chapter Chapter 5 Family Secrets RevealedThe Goblet of Fire red once more; sparks showered out of it; the tongue of flame shot high into the air, and from its top Dumbledore pulled the third piece of parchment.Words buzzed in my ears.Every single Hufflepuff had jumped to his or her feet, screaming and stamping, as Cedric Diggory made his way past them, grinning broadly, and headed off toward the chamber behind the teachers' table. Indeed, the applause for Cedric went on so long that it was some time before Dumbledore could make himself heard again.I rubbed my head while Draco looked at me. I was sitting on the ground and he was crouched in front of me."Your eyes -" He sounded calm."I know. It happened last year." I said.I dug in my cloak and pulled out a piece of parchment and a pen out of my pocket."What is that?" Draco pointed at the pen in disgust."It's a pen, muggles use them since they don't use quills." I answered and wrote down what I saw."Why -?" He asked, disgust in his voice."To write down what I see and feel during the day." I answered in an unconcerned way."To write - what?" He asked, clearly confused."Do you know about the Zwart family line?" I asked, folding up my parchment and putting it back in my pocket and looking at Draco finally."I just know you have family in the Netherlands." Draco replied."Okay, the Zwart's are a direct lineage to Morgana Le Fay." I started slow."Okay," Draco nodded hesitantly."Who was a Seer." I finished.Draco blinked at me."Okay, what's that got to do -"He blinked and then fell on his butt, pointing at me."It's passed through the bloodline, but only the woman possesses the Seer ability." I nodded."You're -!""Keep your voice quiet." I tried to soothe him."You're a Seer?" He asked again, his voice quiet again."Yes. And I just started seeing visions before the start of summer vacation." I nodded to him.He sat there for a second, his mouth opening and closing a few times."I know you've got questions, but Draco." I got on my knees and crawled to look into his eyes."You. Cannot. Tell. Anyone." I was firm."But -!""Draco, I've seen things and they either haven't come to pass, or time has flowed in a direction that it will no longer happen. I don't get to choose what I see. Like now, I will sometimes just fall and will be vulnerable. I can't control them. And I can't tell anyone what I have seen." I explained this time taking his hand and holding it.He needed to know how bad my magic could be. It could be good, but if this year goes the way I think, it would be bad if too many knew."That… that has to feel lonely." Draco finally said.I blinked at him and slowly smiled."It is. But all of my friends are there to support me when I need it." I said.We sat together for a few more minutes before Draco stood up."I still don't like your friends." He sniffed."That's fine. But you're my friend too." I shrugged, standing up as well.He paused for a second before looking at me."You think we're friends?" He asked, clearly unsure of how to respond to that."Yes. Just because we're cousins doesn't mean we can't be friends." I said as I laced my arm through his again.He led the way in silence, making sure we were on the edge of the forest before saying something again."You know, I don't think anyone's genuinely wanted to be my friend before." He said thoughtfully."What about Parkinson? Vincent? Gregory?" I asked.Draco shook his head and turned to face me."Between you and me, I feel like they're only friends with me because our parents are friends." He admitted.I stumbled in my steps."I always thought you were naturally popular? I've wanted to be your friend since first year!" I admitted to him."You?!" He threw his head back and actually laughed at that."Yes!" I nodded, laughing as well.Narcissa was waiting for us, and we could both tell something was wrong."Draco, Cassie, go to bed, we're leaving first thing in the morning." Narcissa said."Mother, is everything okay?" Draco asked."Everything will be alright, Draco. Just go to bed, dear." She attempted to smile.Draco and I shared a look and we went into our separate rooms. I was just about to change from my robes to my pajamas when the pit in my stomach performed a flip. I paused and nodded to myself and changed into muggle clothes.Jeans and a t-shirt. I also made sure I had a pair of socks in my hand and my shoes just a couple of steps from my bed. I was surprised when I just fell right to sleep."Cassie!" Draco hissed in my ear.I was shaken awake."Wha-"My eyes were heavy and my mouth felt dry."Come on," Draco put something in my hand.I drank the water he gave me and rubbed my eyes.There was singing and I could hear some bangs from outside."Hurry up, Mother woke me up and she and Father have already left." Draco sighed."Okay, okay. I'm awake." I said, blinking my eyes and trying to find my socks in my bed."That was very smart of you to get dressed before going to sleep." Draco said when he realized he didn't have to turn around."I had a feeling." I put my socks on my feet."Mother said we were leaving first thing in the morning though?" Draco sounded confused."It's the Seer." I chuckled as I put on my shoes and threw my hair up in a bun and put my wand in it."Right." He nodded and led the way out of the tent."Wait!" I paused and went into my room.I opened the bedside table. I had transfigured a piece of my hair into a false bottom looking thing to protect my Seer Journal. I grabbed that and put it in my backpack."You came back for your diary?" Draco sneered."It's my Seer Journal, Draco. If it falls into the wrong hands…" I said as I put my backpack on."Oh… You write that kind of stuff down?" Draco asked as we started walking out of the campsite and towards the woods."I do. It helps me process what I've seen and felt. Otherwise it gets jumbled in my head." I explained."Oh…" Draco said."It's hard to explain, and I'm not saying that you're stupid, but since you're not a Seer I don't think you're going to understand." I said carefully."That makes sense." Draco nodded once.There wasn't much else to say between us."Draco, what's going on?" I asked, not liking the distant bangs.He sighed, "I can't tell you.""Why not?" I asked, more curious rather than angry."I just - can't." He actually looked like he wanted to tell me."That's okay." I said as I put my arm through his."You're not mad?" He asked."No. You still don't trust me, and I'm not sure I want to know everything that you guys are up to." I smiled up at him.Slowly working on Draco's character arc. We have to remember, he's only interacting with Cassie and she's genuinely trying to be his friend so if it feels forced I'm sorry!Also! I have changed from updating on Saturdays, to Fridays. Not because something came up, but because Friday gets to me sooner than Saturday does. As it always has been LOL.Shout out to mollylivviegmail . com for adding this story to your favorite list! (I know your name doesn't have a space but it's the only way it will save!)Shout out to Awritingbookworm for adding this story to your favorite and following list!Shout out to ross . mitchel202gmail . com for adding both me and this story to your favorite and following lists!Shout out to whspanther1999 for following me!Shout out to DancingAdventurer45 for adding this story to your favorite and following lists!Shout out to oogamidarko for adding 'The Treasured Philosopher's Stone' and me to your favorite list!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins, AlexBlackBooks, and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: I have so many cliff hangers, I'm almost sorry! And I'm glad you're seeing their relationship too! I have reread and reread and reread the next few chapters and it just feels like I'm rushing his arc, but then I read ahead on what I have and I feel better about how he interacts with just Cassie. As for Frassie, I'm afraid you'll have to wait and see about that. And I'm still waiting to find out who's going to take her to the ball too!AlexBlackBooks: Oh! To be honest with you, I've tried doing a crossover fanfic several years ago, but it got away from me so I don't think I'll be doing any crossovers in my writing. Sorry if that's disappointing!Awritingbookworm: There you are! You're fine this way you have several chapters rather than just going through a weekly thing, right? As for Sirius I want to write him in more, but Cassie is just a little bit more focused on Draco and Harry LOL.

Chapter 6 Forging New FriendshipsDraco had picked a spot in the trees for us. A place where it was far enough from the campsite grounds that we wouldn't be spotted, but close enough to watch the action.I had decided to sit down on the ground and wait it out. I couldn't do anything since I didn't know what was happening, exactly. I didn't have any visions of tonight, and if I did, I don't know if I would have done anything to help…"Do you get to sit in on the meetings?" I asked, keeping my voice quiet.Draco balked."I - What - No - You're -""Don't deny it. It's obvious to those who know how to look for it. Just tell me, are you, Draco, sitting in the meetings?" I interrupted him.He took his time answering, trying to find the words."I only sit in on some of the meetings. The one leading up to this event, I was only allowed to sit in for a few minutes. And it was to be told to 'stay out of sight'." Draco finally answered.I looked up at him."They don't think you can be trusted, that's why you weren't sitting in." He answered my unspoken question.I nodded and we shared the silence for a bit.My head started to feel fuzzy and I rubbed my eyes."Are you alright?" Draco asked, noticing my action."I'm going to have another vision soon." I answered."Do we need to go somewhere else?" He asked, looking around."No, we're fine here." I shook my head."Are you sure?" He pressed."Yes, Draco." I nodded and took my wand out of my hair and let it down."I'm just going to cover my eyes. Make sure no one touches me or moves me. I don't want to be confused." I said as I pulled my backpack closer to me, holding it close to my chest."How do you know you're going to have one?" Draco asked."My head starts to feel fuzzy. You know how a rabbit's tail is just a little adorable fluff ball?" I asked, closing my eyes."Yes." Draco's voice said above me."It feels like that's growing on my brain, right behind my nose. It spreads through the inside of my head. And finally the vision shows." I explained."That's… that's oddly specific." Draco said slowly."You're the first person to ask." I said, relaxing my muscles."How many times have - your friends - had to make sure you were okay during moments like this?" Draco asked."That question has a long story and I don't know how much longer I have bef- "The Goblet of Fire red once more; sparks showered out of it; the tongue of flame shot high into the air, and from its top Dumbledore pulled the third piece of parchment.Words buzzed in my ears.Every single Slytherin had jumped to his or her feet, screaming and stamping, as a broad man made his way past them. He kept his head up high and shook Dumbledore's hand before headed off toward the chamber behind the teachers' table."Holy shit!" My eyes shot open." -guage Weas- Cassie!" Draco turned to me."Cassie!" Three other voices joined him."Hold on!" I said and opened my bag.I opened my journal and started to write down what I had just seen."Uh - Cassie, should you really -?" Ron started to ask."I told Draco, I had one a few hours ago." I interrupted Ron."You told Malfoy?!" The three of them asked in outrage."I had too." I rolled my eyes."Cassie, are those tattoos?" Draco asked.I looked at my arm and noticed that my tattoos were flashing again."Yeah they are." I nodded and finished my last sentence.I put my journal away and looked up at my friends."How many have you had?" Hermione asked."I'm not going to answer that. Not-" I put a hand up to stop Hermione when she opened her mouth. "Because I don't trust you, but because I don't remember and I don't want to remember." I finished.Hermione shut her mouth but chewed her lip."Cassie," Harry spoke calmly, "are you alright?""I am. Draco has been kind to watch over me." I nodded, not moving to stand up."Cas- " Ron started."I'm fine, you guys, really." I smiled at them, hoping to calm them down.Draco sniffed above me and crossed his arms."Cassie, did you see this?" Ron asked, gesturing to behind me."No, I didn't know." I shook my head."What's the poi-" He started."I. Don't. Know. But if you're going to get angry with me over something I don't know how to control, move on." I snapped.Ron bit his lip and Draco used his leg to give me a nudge.I knew he approved of the way I just spoke to my friend. I didn't feel good about it, though. Ron needed a firm hand sometimes in situations."You better be hurrying along now." Draco suddenly said."Why should we listen to you?" Ron grumbled."You wouldn't like her spotted, would you?" Draco nodded at Hermione.At that moment there was a bang and a bright green light illuminated the woods around us."What's that supposed to mean?" Hermione asked, shaking her hair defiantly."Granger, they're after Muggles," Draco said.I could hear him rolling his eyes."D'you want to be showing off your knickers in midair? Because if you do -" Draco started." 'Mione, it may not seem like it but Draco is trying to help. If he says you should keep moving, keep moving." I stood up and matched Draco's stance."Cassie, come with us." Harry said."No. I'm not going." I shook my head."Cas-" Hermione started."I came in here with Draco, I'm going to walk out of here with Draco." I said, holding Harry's gaze."Cassie." Ron said."I'm not breaking off our friendship, I'm just making sure I can still go to my new home." I said slowly.Harry and I held our stares before he finally gave a small nod."Let us know you're okay." Harry said, pointing his finger at me."I will. Now go." I waved them off.Harry nodded and had to drag Ron with Hermione following reluctantly behind them."What's the real reason you're not going with them?" Draco asked when he was sure they were out of sight."Be honest, if I had gone with them how would you treat me?" I asked, sitting back down.Draco took a moment."I would only talk to you if I absolutely had too." He admitted."Exactly," I nodded, turning to him and looking out of the woods. "All of this work, of trying to be your friend and finally getting to that point. Just to turn around and ruin all of that work?" I made a raspberry noise and sat back down.Draco took a minute to think about it. He didn't say anything but he sat down with me."You think we're friends?" He asked, his voice quiet."Don't you?" I asked, my voice just as quiet.Draco did something that took me by complete surprise.He put his arm around me, and let me put my head on his shoulder.'Holy. Shit.'Draco and I made our way back to our tent when there was a flash of green light and a terrible symbol in the air. A skull with a snake coming out of its mouth."That's the signal. We're good to go back." Draco said, standing up."What is that?" I asked, standing up.I did not like the way my stomach squirmed when I saw it."The Dark Mark." He answered simply.Narcissa was relieved to see the both of us. She gave Draco a hug and a kiss on his cheek, and she hugged me."We're leaving, right now." She said.Draco and I nodded and we packed what was left of our stuff. We were in and out in ten minutes, Mr. Malfoy took the most time. I had a suspicion as to why he took the longest, but I wasn't ready to overturn that rock yet."Mr. Malfoy!" A ministry worker greeted us.I saw that there was a pile of rubbish. At least, muggle rubbish."Minister Fudge said to take care of you right away! Here is your portkey, it will take you right to your front door." The worker said as he pointed to an old bucket."Thank you." Mr. Malfoy kept his voice even as we circled around the portkey."I'm not ready." I whispered under my breath.Draco chuckled."On my count. Three… Two… One…"We touched the portkey and were ripped into the air again."Let go!" Mr. Malfoy said from across me.I focused on letting my skin stop touching the bucket and I fell through the air again.This time I didn't fall as far, but it was still a hard landing."It took me several portkey trips to get my landing." Draco stood over me and held out his hand."I hate travelling through portkey." I said and accepted his hand.Over the next several days, I noticed that there was a sudden increase of more people coming and going in the Manor. I didn't recognize most of them, but some days Draco would either be in my room or with the guests.I wasn't invited down and I knew why.Narcissa had gifted me with a fireplace in my room. It had a pot of Floo Powder and she told me all I had to say was 'Zwart Black Room' to come back to it. I was shocked by the gift and didn't understand why she had given it to me at first.Over the next couple of days, Draco was either with me, or I was with him, or down in the dining room with his parents' friends. One day, as we were doing homework in my room, I looked up at Barnabas.I installed a perch up on the wall for him, with a bowl of water, I made sure to fill up every day."Draco." I said, looking at the fireplace."I was wondering when you would get the hint. Go on, I'll cover for you." Draco said, not looking up from his essay."You don't even -!" I protested."I was the one who suggested the fireplace to mother." Draco drawled.I beamed at him. I don't know how long but my cheeks started to hurt when he finally looked up at me."Oh for God's sake, Cassie!" He cracked a grin."I'm touched!" I said, making a show of my gratitude."Get going!" He snapped his fingers and pointed at the fireplace."I will! But first I need you to get out, or at least look away so that I can change. I'm not going in my robes." I said, getting up and going to my wardrobe to change into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt.I was going to show off my tattoo and piss off anyone who was going to be."I'll look away, the minute I leave the room I have to go downstairs." Draco stood up and stood in a corner."Do you want to come with me?" I asked, changing quickly."Me? Go to the Weasley's! No thank you. I wouldn't be welcomed there." Draco scoffed in his corner."Not yet. But that'll change." I said, making sure he didn't turn around when I put on my t-shirt."How are you going to change their minds?" Draco asked."You can turn around." I said to him. "And I'm not going to change their minds. We're going to change their minds."He turned around and looked at me with disbelief on his face."It's going to be a work in progress! But for it to work, we just need to work on our friendship first. Right now, being your friend is my top priority. And I do feel bad that I'm going to leave you for a little bit but -""I get it. You don't need to explain." He waved off my explanation."You, Draco Malfoy are full of wonderful surprises." I told him.He looked pleased at what I said.Draco was used to being praised and treated like he was the only one who mattered in the world. I knew that is what was going to help me strengthen our bond. And if I had to smother him with compliments then I will start that off."Cassie." Draco said as I took a pinch of Floo Powder."Yes?" I turned to him"Here's this. I know the Weasley's are… poor, and it's better for you to have your own. And you can use it for a quick getaway later." Draco handed me a small potion vial on a chain.It was empty and I was really surprised at the thoughtfulness of it."Draco, thank you so much!" I said, smiling at him."Don't mention it." He shrugged.I knew he wanted me to mention it."This is actually really sweet." I said, this time seriously."Seriously. Don't mention it." Draco said as he filled the vial with floo powder."Okay." I nodded as he gestured for me to turn around.I did and he put the next over my head so that he could handle the clasp."How did you think of this?" I asked, turning around to take a pinch of floo powder again.He didn't answer at first."Draco, you know you don't need to buy my friendship. I like you for you." I smiled at him.He flushed and looked away from me."I'll be back in time for dinner." I said as I threw the floo powder onto the logs.Even though there wasn't a fire, it still lit up in green flames."Dinner's at five, and I will be escorting you." Draco nodded."Awesome. Thanks again Draco." I smiled at him.I turned to the fire and spoke clearly, "The Burrow!"There was an inhale but I rushed forward to cover Ginny's mouth."Surprise!" I whispered.She murmured something behind my hand."Hello?" Mrs. Weasley's voice called out.I pulled my hand from Ginny's mouth."Hide me!" I hissed.Ginny nodded and with her thirteen year old strength, tried to toss me over their couch. Mrs. Weasley started to walk into the living room, so I jumped behind the couch and laid flat on my stomach.'I'm so glad I'm short!' I thought to myself."Ginny, did someone come in through the fireplace?" Mrs. Weasley asked."No, mum. I didn't see anyone." Ginny answered."Odd, I thought I heard the fireplace." Mrs. Weasley said.I heard her footsteps walking away, but I waited until Ginny was looking over the couch.She gestured for me to follow her. I climbed back over the couch and she led the way outside."Where -?""The boys are in the field, playing Quidditch. Let's go surprise them!" Ginny kept her voice quiet.I nodded and we started to walk toward the designated Quidditch field the Weasley's had made.When Bill and Charlie were at Hogwarts, they made the field. I don't know if Bill was on the team, but when Charlie was Bill made an effort to help Charlie practice throughout their Hogwarts years.I heard the boys shouting when I stopped Ginny."Let me look at you for a second." I said."Why?" Ginny asked.I showed her by turning into her. I changed my height, shortening myself. I shortened my hair and turned it to her ginger color. I even morphed my tattoos away."Oh this is going to be good!" Ginny grinned."Going to be good!" I repeated, changing my voice to match hers."Oh! Right, what else do you want me to repeat?" She asked."Whatever comes to your mind." I answered, listening carefully to match her pitch."Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred, George, Ron, me." Ginny counted off."Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred, George, Ron, me." I repeated."You sound just like me!" Ginny smiled."And look like me too!" I winked at her.She laughed and we walked the rest of the way to the field."What about the clothes?" Ginny suddenly asked."Don't worry about it. If they can guess on clothes then they're good enough." I answered as we stood on the edge of the field."Hiya, Gin!" Charlie's voice said above us."Hi, Charlie!" Ginny and I said at the same time.The game stopped and all the boys looked down at us.Ginny and I waved up at them.Ron flew down cautiously, but Fred was quick to land and start inspecting the both of us."Clearly one of you is really Cassie." He said."Cassie?" Harry landed next to Ginny and started inspecting her face.Fred started to inspect my face when I felt my right arm being pulled. I turned my head to see Ron inspecting where the tattoos were.He squinted his eyes and then walked over to Ginny and inspected her right arm."Wait, Cassie how did you get here?" Harry asked, turning his head to look between me and Ginny."Can't answer that until you figure out which is the real Cassie." Ginny shook her head."What that one said." I pointed at Ginny with my thumb."They even sound the same!" Charlie said, rolling his eyes."That's the point." Ginny and I said together.Ron was inspecting Ginny's left arm then turned to mine."Why are you checking out their arms, Ron?" Bill asked."Cassie has this really cool scar! She got it from a curse and it -" Ron started."It burns her! She has to perform a spell on it every couple of weeks otherwise her arm is hot!" Harry snapped his fingers and started to feel Ginny's arm."She what?!" Bill gasped."She got it from trying to get to Harry when the Philosopher's Stone was at Hogwarts. Snape set up some flames and he cursed them for extra protection." Ron answered."And she walked through them?!" Bill asked."Tried too." I corrected.They all looked at me and for a moment, I thought I had given myself away.Harry stared into my eyes for a moment, then opened his mouth."Empty your pockets."My heart dropped into my stomach.Ron had gotten me a bracelet, and Harry got me a charm each Christmas. He knew I wore it all the time. I took it off so that I could look authentically like Ginny.Ginny turned out her pockets, not pulling anything out. Harry started to beam as he looked at me.So I reached into my pockets and pulled out my middle finger out of one and then my bracelet."Alright!" Ron high-fived Harry."How'd you know about the bracelet?" Charlie asked as I started to morph my features to myself."Ron gave it to her our first year, and I've been adding the charms to it for Christmas." Harry answered.I showed the two eldest Weasley boys the bracelet."Oh that's neat!" Charlie said."That's not important." Bill waved Charlie away and put his hands on my shoulders."Easy there, Bill." I said, taking a step back."What do they mean, you tried walking through a curse?" He asked.So I showed him my black flames."Snape wanted to make sure the Philosopher's Stone was protected, so he added the curse to the black flames. I didn't know there was a curse and tried to push on. This is the result. He told me there won't ever be a counter-curse to get rid of, so he taught me a spell that can control the heat at least. But the scar is there." I explained."I need to send a letter." Bill said.He hopped on his broom and flew towards the house."Uh?" I looked at Charlie.Charlie shrugged."Bill's a curse breaker. He probably came across something like that." Fred explained."Oh, weird, but okay." I shrugged.Ron suddenly snapped his fingers."Cassie also has a scar on her shoulder!""Oh crap! I forgot about that one!" I said.I pulled down the collar of my shirt and showed Charlie the scar on my right collar bone from my second year."How did you get that one?" Charlie asked."Basilisk." Ginny, Harry, Ron and I answered."YOU GOT BIT BY A BASILISK?!" Charlie shrieked."Sort of." I looked at Ginny.She flushed and looked away.As we walked back, I told Charlie about how I really got the scar. Being in the diary and somehow being tied to any damage the book took.Charlie couldn't even figure out how I could be tied to the book since I was only in contact with it for a short amount of time.Mrs. Weasley was not happy when she saw me walking arm in arm with Ginny. Hermione was pleased to see me though."And how are you getting back?" Mrs. Weasley asked when I sat at the table."I have floo powder to get back." I pulled out the vial from under my shirt."Oh! That's smart!" Hermione looked pleased."Draco thought of it, he even convinced Narcissa to put a fireplace in my room." I said, tucking the vial back."Malfoy?" Harry and Ron asked."Yeah, he's really smart." I nodded.Line breakAt four thirty I stood up from the table."Aren't you staying for dinner?" Ginny asked hopefully."No," I shook my head, "the Malfoy's have company coming over for dinner and I need to be present for that.""Are you going to come back?" Harry asked, standing up."No, she is not." Mrs. Weasley was firm."I'm not coming back." I shrugged."Oh mum!" Bill and Charlie came to my defense as Ginny, Ron, Harry, and Hermione walked me to the fireplace."We're not going to Diagon Alley. Mum's going to go by herself." Ron said when he hugged me."That's fine." I said as I hugged Hermione."Are they treating you alright over there?" Harry asked when I hugged Ginny."Yeah." I nodded."But I'd rather be living with Snuffles and you." I whispered in his ear.He nodded when I pulled away.I pulled the vial out, unstoppered it, and tossed a little bit onto the fireplace."I'll see you on the train." I waved to my friends."Zwart Black Room!" I called out.Yeah I know, Mrs. Weasley still has a distaste for Cassie. But at least she didn't kick her out as soon as she saw Cassie! I actually have an idea of what's going to happen when Mrs. Weasley finds out the truth about Sirius. So don't you worry about that!Also, this chapter was originally going to be two chapters, but when I checked the word count, it was a SHORT chapter, so I merged the next one with it to make a longer chapter. Hope you enjoyed it!I AM SO SORRY! My boyfriend and I moved back to our apartment last week and we discovered that our water heater broke, and the internet wasn't working! The internet company gave us the run around for a couple of days but it's back! And we got the water heater fixed so now we have hot water to shower with! You will get the next chapter updated this Friday so don't worry about me pushing back chapters!Shout out to Saphy18 for following this story!Shout out to mioneandgin for adding all of my stories to your favorite and following list, and adding me to your favorite and following list!Shout out to I am not throwing away my shot for adding this story to your favorite list!Shout out to Awritingbookworm, Pamela Hutchins, and mioneandgin for leaving a review!Awritingbookworm: I'm glad to here that!Pamela Hutchins: Right? Because Cassie is forcing Draco to realize that she's stuck there too so they may as well get along! And I have a lot planned, don't you worry!mioneandgin: I find myself reading fanfic's and when I go to read the book I'm always wondering 'where is this character?' And then I'm reminded that it wasn't part of the Actual Story too so I get it! I'm glad you're enjoying this!

Chapter 7 Faking PleasantriesDraco was pacing on the other side of my room."What's wrong?" I asked, stomping the soot off of my shoes."The Minister is coming for dinner." He said, turning to me."He hates me! Why is he coming here?" I asked, checking the time and walking over to my wardrobe and pulling out my nice evening dress."Father invited him. Something about an event in Hogwarts." Draco rolled his eyes."Well, lucky for you. You've got me to keep you company." I smiled at him as I took my dress off the hanger and laid it on the bed."I am lucky for that, actually." Draco nodded and turned around.I watched him as I changed out of my clothes and stepped into the dress.It was a lovely scarlet color, matching my house colors. It was floor length and there was a belt around the waist, the top was a scarlet tanktop, with a sheer gold cover. It had three quarter sleeves with golden embroidery making a lion across my back."Can you zip me again?" I asked, walking over to Draco."Why is it difficult to be a woman? Men just need to wear pants, a nice shirt, and sometimes a tie." Draco asked, zipping up the back of the dress."Because being a woman is supposed to be difficult. Why, I can't answer." I sighed as I went to my bathroom.I had a seperate bathroom attached to my bedroom. It's been helpful when I didn't want to find one of the many other bathrooms in the mansion.In the bathroom, I had some make up and my book of hair styles Charlotte had given me.For the makeup, I only had eyeliner and mascara for my eyes. I wasn't confident in trying eyeshadow and I couldn't bring myself to buy a concealer when I could just morph my skin to be clear.I tapped my hair with my wand and it started to pull itself into a beautiful bun, leaving some loose hair so that I could curl it.I was ready in ten minutes."Wow." Draco said, looking down at his watch."Yeah, it helps that we've got this." I showed him my wand."You know we're not supposed to use magic outside of school though." Draco pointed out."Have you noticed that I haven't gotten in trouble with the Ministry? I think they can't tell if underage magic is happening if there's already magic happening." I pointed my finger at him.Draco opened his mouth, and then closed it."I figured that out when Harry got in trouble for using magic outside of school last year." I told Draco."Potter used magic outside of school?" Draco asked."His muggle aunt was not saying nice things about his dead parents. So he accidently made her blow up and she flew away. They had to perform some charms on her to get her back to normal." I explained as Draco and I exited my room and headed towards Draco's room.Draco didn't say anything until we got to his door."I know I'm not the nicest to Potter, but I am - sorry - about that." Draco struggled.I grinned at him."How about you prove that by not bringing up his mom or dad then?" I suggested.Draco took a moment to think about it, then nodded."I'll take that first step." I nodded back to him.He flushed as he walked into his room. I waited for him outside his bedroom. He also only took ten minutes. When he came out his hair was combed back and he was wearing a black suit and an emerald green tie. It complimented his light gray eyes."Shall we?" He asked, gesturing his elbow to me."We shall." I nodded, putting my hand into the crook of his elbow.We made it to the top of the stairs when I looked at my hand next to Draco's ribcage. I stuck my finger out and had to maneuver my hand, but I poked his side."Hey!" He exclaimed."What?" I asked, blinking innocently.He jabbed his finger in my side."OW!" I flinched."That didn't hurt!" He said to me."When you jab," I jabbed his side, making him flinch, "it hurts. When you poke," I poked his other side. "It doesn't hurt." I explained."Oh, I'm sorry." Draco said, rubbing the rib I jabbed."It's okay. It's a learning experience." I smiled at him as I put my hand in his elbow."Yeah, now I know how to tickle you." He said as he started to tickle my ribs.I let out a giggle and moved my body away from his hand.He had a genuine smile on his face and it made me glow inside.'I should get him tattooed on me too.' I thought to myself as we walked down the staircase to the dining hall.Draco and I were sitting next to each other, and I was listening very intently to what Minister Fudge was saying." -urmstrang and Beauxbatons are finalizing their student lists. And Dumbledore has been assuring me that they have been cleaning out their classrooms to make room for the other students." Minister Fudge was telling Mr. Malfoy."What is the Triwizard Tournament?" I whispered to Draco."It's a banned inter-school game. It was banned in seventeen ninety-two because so many people were dying during the tasks. The ministry has put more restrictions on the tasks and how to enter in hopes to bring the schools back together." Draco whispered back as Mr. Malfoy glared at us."Why would they think about restarting it?" I asked, avoiding Mr. Malfoy's look."I don't know." Draco shrugged."And it's all thanks to Andre Jugson for suggesting it!" Minister Fudge said clearly.I watched as Draco's nostrils flared, but he didn't give any other indication of recognizing the name."Andre suggested it?" Mr. Malfoy was an excellent actor, but after seeing Draco's nostril, I was able to see the flash in Mr. Malfoy's eyes."You two must know each other! I imagine it was from school." The Minister took another drink of his sherry wine."Yes, we were both in Slytherin house." Mr. Malfoy gave a single nod with a small smile."Of course! Andre found it in the accords and through the ranks it was decided to try and bring it back." The Minister nodded.I snuck my hand under the table and put it on Draco's knee. He put his under the table and squeezed my hand.I didn't understand how, but Andre Jugson was going to be the reason this year will end on a bad note.Draco had escorted me to my room and left me for the night. I couldn't figure out why I was drawn to my vision of Harry in the graveyard. I couldn't figure out why I was looking at the two different versions of the single event with 'the Goblet of Fire'. I didn't even know how I just knew it was the Goblet, but I did. And it was my first time having two visions, and the only person I could think to ask was my mother."Remus!" I snapped my fingers.I pulled out a piece of parchment and stopped just as I pulled the ink pot close to me.He might not have read my mother's Seer Journal. And I wasn't sure I wanted to know what my mother had seen. I looked at the unopened letter from my grandmother."There's no one else for me to talk too." I sighed, putting the pen down and looking at the letter.I opened it.'Cassiopeia Zwart,My name is Kassandra Zwart, I am your grandmother. When Karen graduated from Hogwarts, she sent a letter saying that she had no intention of having a child to pass the ability on with. The Zwarts are proud of their heritage and when she told us her intentions, we disowned her.Imagine my surprise and delight when I Saw you, I had to wait until the right moment to contact you. I hope you will send a reply to me.With love, Your grandmother.'"What the hell." I sneered at the envelope.There was a knock on my door."Come in." I said, laying the letter down on my desk."Cassie, I can't sleep." Draco walked in."I'm sorry." I said, covering my vision pages."Are you okay?" Draco asked, sitting on my bed.I tried to avoid looking at his striped emerald pajamas. They looked really cute."I have a - situation - and I don't have anyone I can talk to." I admitted carefully."Can you tell me?" Draco asked.I chewed my lip, looking at Draco's face."I don't know. I shouldn't tell anyone." I sighed."I understand." Draco nodded."Why can't you sleep?" I asked, trying to get my mind off the pages."Father has to be planning something if Jugson 'found' the old transcripts about the Triwizard Tournament." Draco finally said.I didn't say anything, but I think he read my face."Do you know…?" He asked cautiously."I can't say." I covered my mouth.He surprised me.Draco crossed the room in swift strides and got down on his knees and hugged me.I started to cry.I didn't realize the full weight of what was happening. I couldn't tell anyone what I've been seeing, and my grandmother sounds like a condescending woman and part of me wants to know that side of my family but the rest of me wants nothing to do with them."I understand." Draco whispered kindly."I'm sorry, I didn't realize I said that out loud." I sniffed."It's okay. You've got a big responsibility and it was dropped on you." He patted my back.I wrapped my arms around him and we sat there until my tears dried up.Okay, hopefully I'll stay on schedule! A quick update; my boyfriend may need to go on permanent disability. Meaning that the dream career he's worked so hard to get into, is going to be taken from him because of how bad this injury has turned out since he's received it.Basically, it's a shit show over here. He has to go take a Workerman's Comp test of sorts in The Big City in a couple of days so I'll let you all know what's happening by then!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: Right! What Bill will do with the cursed scar. That's a thing in the future! But like... spoilers LOL.Awritingbookworm: By adding Cassie it's already deviating from canon! Nah, I'm just kidding. This WILL but YOU GOTS TO WAIT!

Chapter 8 Preparations for SchoolDraco and I received our letters for school the next day."I was getting worried about it honestly." I told Draco as we compared our book lists."They were late." Draco nodded as I put on my shoes."Are you two ready?" Narcissa asked.Mr. Malfoy had business to attend to, so Narcissa was taking us to Diagon Alley to get our supplies."I am." I nodded as I threw my backpack over my shoulders.It was easier to carry than a purse."I am as well, Mother." Draco nodded."Very good." Narcissa held her arms out to us.Draco and I each took a hand and Narccisa Apparated us just outside the Olivander's Wands."We should go and get your robes first. You'll need new ones for the year, and dress robes for the Ball later this year." Narcissa led the way to Madam Malkin's.The Yule Ball was going to be held on Christmas Eve and I was getting excited about the thought of dressing up and dancing. Draco sniffed at the idea of the Ball.We got new school robes and Draco got black dress robes that were lined with emerald trimmings. I got a scarlet colored dress that was more like a ball gown. It had golden sparkles around the skirt part and the shirt part was solid scarlet. It was sleeveless and I knew I would have to change my breasts to get it to stay up without trouble."It's beautiful." I twirled around once in the dress.I looked at Narcissa and I was pleased to see she was glowing at the sight of me.She didn't have a daughter, and as weird as it was to admit it, I was the closest thing to one and I was also enjoying the moment with her.We walked out of Madam Malkin's with our purchases."Oh, hello Mrs. Weasley." I said.Mrs. Weasley was looking down at multiple lists of parchment.She looked up at me, and when she saw the three of us she glared coldly before sidestepping."How rude of her." Narcissa said in a quiet tone."When she found out that Sirius Black is my father, she's taken a disliking for me." I explained as we walked around Diagon Alley.Narcissa only nodded as we finished our shopping.We were walking by the Quidditch shop and I was looking at the gloves."Do you need to replace your equipment?" Narcissa asked."There won't be Quidditch this year, not with the Tournament." Draco answered.I slapped my hand to my head."No Quidditch? You mean I won't be able to try out?" I asked, desperation in my voice.Draco started to laugh, "no, Cassie. No Quidditch this year.""That's a disappointment!" I sighed as we walked away from the Quidditch shop.A week had passed and I was all packed and ready to leave the next morning for King's Cross Station.Draco was in my room and we were laying on my bed reading different books. I was reading the 'The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection' while Draco was reading the 'Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4'."What class is your favorite?" I asked."Potions." Draco answered promptly."Is it because Snape is your head of house and the potions teacher?" I asked."No, I enjoy making something different and learning about the different properties and how they interact with each other." Draco explained."That makes sense." I nodded."What's yours?" He asked."Transfiguration. Only because I get how to transform one thing into a different object. I can change how I look and I get how to do it." I answered."Not because it's McGonagall who's your head of house and the transfiguration teacher." Draco teased.I hit him lightly with my book and with a laugh.I was giving Narcissa a hug as Gregory loaded my luggage into the train."Have fun this year, and try to stay out of trouble." She said."I do not make promises I cannot keep." I smiled at her.Narcissa rolled her eyes and gave me a rare smile."Good-bye, Cassie." Mr. Malfoy nodded to me."Good-bye, Mr. Malfoy." I nodded back to him.Draco offered me his arm and escorted me to the train. Gregory was waiting and held his hand out for me."Thank you, Gregory." I smiled at him as he helped me onto the train.He made a noise in his throat and let Draco ahead of him."Dracooo!" An annoying voice said.Pansy Parkinson leaped at Draco and smothered him. She was all smiles until she saw me, then she glared."What are you doing here?" She sneered."Cassie is my cousin, Pansy. You will treat her with respect." Draco was quick to stop anything being said."But -!" Pansy tried to retort."Did you misunderstand? Do I need to re-word myself?" Draco asked.I was amazed at the power he had in his voice. Pansy dropped her shoulders but glared at me."Thank you, Draco." I put my hand in his elbow.He knew exactly what I was doing. And he held his head high as we walked through the small corridor of the train."Do you want to go and sit with your friends?" Draco asked, trying to be quiet."I do," I nodded."Then let's go find them." He said and we started down the train."- right up close, as well," Ron's voice said through an ajar door. "We were in the Top Box -""For the first and last time in your life, Weasley." Draco pulled the rest of the door open."Draco!" I reprimanded.Harry raised an eyebrow when Draco had a flash of guilt."Don't remember asking you to join us, Malfoy." Harry said, his voice cool.I jabbed Draco in the side and gave him a pointed look."I came to make sure Cassie found her way to you guys." Draco said stiffly."I'm sure Cas- " Ron started."That was very kind of you, Draco." Hermione spoke over Ron.Draco had a moment of disgust when Hermione called him by his first name, but he did his best to cover it up."Weasley, what are those?" Draco suddenly spotted something.There was something covering an owl cage and there was a moldy lace cuff swinging with the train.Ron made to hide his robes and Draco took a step forward."No!" I said sharply.Draco stopped what he was doing and actually took a step back."Draco, remember what I said?" I asked.Draco sighed and gave a single nod."This is a moment to prove it." I said.Draco closed his eyes and let out a deep breath through his nostrils."I'm - sorry - Weasley." He said through gritted teeth.All of my friends blinked at that and looked at each other then back to us."That was very good!" I whispered to Draco and patted his back.Ron only gave a single nod but didn't sit back down."Thank you for making sure I got to my friends, Draco. Why don't you go find a compartment for you and yours? It's too small in here for all of us." I suggested as the awkwardness started to settle."Okay." Draco nodded.He gave one last look to us and led Gregory, Pansy, and Vincent out of the room.I closed the door behind them and when I turned around, I noticed that Neville was in the compartment as well."How did you do that?" Ron asked."Do what?" I retorted."Get Malfoy to be nice." He had a moment of disbelief and disgust mixed together when he said 'nice.'"I told him that I wanted him to try it. And because he doesn't have good practice with that yet I have to catch those moments. He really is nice, once he lets you get a chance." I said as I sat down next to Harry."That was just so weird!" Hermione said.I nodded my head.They filled me in on what happened at the World Cup. About how there was a house-elf named Winky who was accused of using Harry's wand. I asked him how he could have lost his wand and he couldn't tell me. Harry didn't know how. They took turns in telling me about the Dark Mark and what they think."I'm positive Malfoy's family had a part of it!" Harry finally said."I don't know. I didn't see them." I answered."Cassie -" Ron started."I am walking a very fine line here, Ron. There are something's I can't tell you. Not because I don't want to, but because I can't. And you're asking all the wrong questions." I held a hand up to Ron."What thin line?" Neville asked quietly.I blinked. I had completely forgotten Neville was here with us."I'm living with the Malfoy's, and Ron's dad works for the Ministry. If I let one thing slip about the Malfoy's I would be to blame. And now that I'm in their care, they can do so much worse to me." I explained softly."Have they hit you?" Harry suddenly asked."Not yet." I answered."You can' -!" Hermione said."I will stay. Hermione, there is a much bigger picture and I can't show you!" I said, throwing my hands up in exasperation.They sat in silence. Ron took a cauldron cake, squashed it in his hand, and started to eat it angrily.Here we are. As for an update on Boyfriend.The power went out at the building. So we had to reschedule for this upcoming Tuesday and hope that the power does not go out again. (insert upside smiling face).Shout out to MoonLitWinter for adding this story to your favorite list!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: You make my heart so happy. I knew from the moment Cassie was a Black that I wanted her in Draco's life. That's why I had Narcissa adopt Cassie as soon as Narcissa found out about how closely related they were!

Chapter 9 Starting the School YearIt had started to pour when we changed into our school robes. Hermione and I bundled Crookshanks and Ariel in our robes. Ariel liked swimming, but I don't think she would have appreciated being soaked as soon as she is off the train.Ron kept his dress robes over the owls cage, Harry had sent Hedwig with a letter and was expecting her back any day. Barnabas had flown ahead and should be waiting for me when I got to Hogwarts.There were strange creatures pulling the carriages. They were horse like, but rather than looking healthy, they were skeletal. They didn't look like they had fur, I couldn't see what did cover their bodies.Harry had ushered me up the carriage steps as quickly as he could."What were you seeing?" He asked quietly."Nothing, just enjoying the scenery." I said, smiling at him.He raised an eyebrow at that.We didn't look up from getting out of the carriages until we were looking at the marble floor of the Hogwarts castle."Blimey," Ron shook his head and we tried to clear the water off of us. "If that keeps up the lake's going to overflow -""Protego!" I said, pointing my wand above.There was a splash and water rained around us."Nice!" Harry complimented."Thank you." I smiled at him.Looking up, we saw that Peeves had an armful of water balloons and was dropping them on the students as they came in."PEEVES!" Ron shouted up.Peeves let out a cackle and started to drop more water balloons.I rolled my eyes and pointed my wand at him, "Waddiwasi!"The balloons he had left flew out of his arms and all started to explode on him. Peeves flew away, flipping me off."Miss Zwart!" McGonagall's voice was sharp."Yes?" I asked, putting my wand away."Don't use magic in the halls!" She lightly reprimanded as we walked past her into the Great Hall."Yes, Professor." I rolled my eyes."She couldn't give you points for dealing with Peeves." Hermione tried to make me feel better."I know, but that still stung." I admitted.Hermione nodded as we sat at the Gryffindor table.I looked at the Slytherin table and gave Draco a wave. He gave me a nod back.I let my eyes travel the length of the table and I laid eyes on the Slytherin from my vision. From what I could see, he had broad shoulders and dark hair. I wanted a closer look."What is it?" Hermione asked, bringing my attention back to the Gryffindor table."Nothing." I said."Cassie." Hermione gave me a pointed look."I can't tell you." I sighed."I think you can, you just don't want to." She retorted.I looked at her."I don't know what has gotten into you, but that was rude." I said.She flushed."If I had told you last year, that I saw the four of us in a cabin with Sirius Black, what would you have done?" I hissed quietly.She flushed a deeper red and looked away from me.I rolled my eyes and looked over at Draco again. I could see he was confused and tilted his head. I tapped the corner of my eye and made an angry face. He nodded in understanding and turned back to Parkinson who was not shutting her mouth."Hiya, Harry!" An excitable voice said."Hi, Colin." Harry was wary.I didn't blame him."Harry, guess what? Guess what, Harry? My brother's starting! My brother Dennis!" Colin looked so excited, he was bouncing on his feet."Er -" Harry said."That's good! You said your first year that your dad is a milkman. I bet you were worried he wasn't going to be getting a letter." I interjected.Colin turned to me and nodded so hard I thought he was going to hurt himself."Yeah, we were. We're hoping he gets into Gryffindor! Keep your fingers crossed!" Colin held up his hands, his fingers crossed and walked down to an empty seat."Thank you." Harry breathed to me.Relief was evident on his face."Of course." I nodded."Don't siblings usually end up in the same house?" Harry asked suddenly."Not necessarily." Hermione and I shook our heads."Parvati Patil's twin is in Ravenclaw, and they're identical. You'd think they'd be together, wouldn't you?" Hermione finished.I nodded and looked at the empty seats at the teacher's table."Is it just me, or are there more seats at the table?" I asked."Where's the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?" Hermione asked."Maybe they couldn't get a new one." Ron answered."Oh no!" Hermione answered anxiously."Hello, extra seats?" I said gesturing to the chairs."Not all of the teachers are there, I think there are the usual amount of chairs." Ron finally answered.I rolled my eyes and started to pet Ariel who was still in my lap.Suddenly there was a flap of wings and an angry Barnabas landed in front of me. He shook his feathers out from the rain water and hooted at me."Barnabas!" I greeted him.He started to preen his feathers."Hedwig is going to be for a while, she had to deliver a letter far away. I don't know when she'll be back." Harry spoke to him.Barnabas fluffed his feathers again but this time gave a quiet hoot."Here." I pulled out a piece of my hair and transfigured it into a perch for Barnabas.He flew up to it and started to preen again."This way you won't step in food and get dirty again." I said to him."Oh hurry up," Ron moaned at the mention of food. "I could eat a hippogriff!""I bet Buckbeak would like to see you try!" I got Harry to laugh at my comment.The doors finally opened and McGonagall led the new group of first years toward the Sorting Hat sitting on its stool."Look at them, poor things!" I whispered to Hermione who nodded.They were all soaked, looking like they had swam across the lake instead of sailing. There was a small boy who was wearing Hagrid's moleskin overcoat.His mousy hair looked like Colin's in his first year."There's Colin's brother." I pointed, keeping my voice quiet.Hermione nodded and we waited for the Hat's song.'A thousand years or more ago,When I was newly sewn,There lived four wizards of renown,Whose names are still known:Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor,Fair Ravenclaw, from glen,Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad,Shrewd Slytherin, from fen.They shared a wish, a hope, a dream,They hatched a daring planTo educate young sorcerersThus Hogwarts School began.Now each of these four founders Formed their own House, for eachDid value different virtuesIn the ones they had to teach.By Gryffindor, the bravest werePrized far beyond the rest;For Ravenclaw, the cleverest Would always be the best;For Hufflepuff, hard workers wereMost worthy of admission;And power-hungry SlytherinLoved those of great ambition.While still alive they did divideTheir favorites from the throng,Yet how to pick the worthy onesWhen they were dead and gone?'Twas Gryffindor who found the way,He whipped me off his head.The founders put some brains in meSo I could choose instead!Now slip me snug about your ears,I've never yet been wrong,I'll have a look inside your mindAnd tell where you belong!'The Great Hall rang with applause."That's not the song it sang when it Sorted us," Harry said as he clapped with everyone."Sings a different one every year," Ron answered. "It's got to be a pretty boring life, hasn't it, being a hat? I suppose it spends all year making up the next one.""Here we go!" I said as McGonagall unrolled her piece of parchment."When I call out your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool," McGonagall instructed the students. "When the hat announces your House, you will go and sit at the appropriate table.""Ackerley, Stewart!"A boy trembled forward. He picked up the hat, sat on the stool, then put the hat on."RAVENCLAW!"Ackerley walked to the Ravenclaw and looked relieved."Baddock, Malcolm!""SLYTHERIN!"I politely clapped and Draco lifted his goblet at me.'This can work.' I thought to myself."Branstone, Eleanor!""HUFFLEPUFF!""Cauldwell, Owen!""HUFFLEPUFF!""Creevey, Dennis!""Here we go!" I said, excitement in my voice.Hagrid siddled in through the side door at that moment. The four of us waved at him and he waved back."GRYFFINDOR!"Draco raised his goblet to me and I did it back to him."What is that about?" Fred asked."We have an unspoken truce at the moment." I said to him.Fred shook his head and turned back to George.I rolled my eyes and I looked at Draco. He tilted his head, I focused on his. I changed my hair to match his silver blonde. His eyes widened and I saw the faint twitch on his lips."Cassie!" Ron hissed."My power, my choice, shove it." I hissed back.He glared at me but turned back to the sorting.Harry turned to me and looked across the Hall at Draco. The three of us took a few moments to look at the other. Then Harry patted my hair and made sure Draco noticed.I smiled at Draco who raised his goblet at us."Thank you. I know you and Draco aren't on the best of terms but that means so much to me that you did that." I said to Harry."I'm willing to work on it, if he is." Harry said quietly to me."I will pass on the message." I smiled.Kevin Whitby was the last person and he was sorted into Hufflepuff."About time!" Ron picked up his knife and fork and was ready to start eating.Dumbledore got to his feet and held his arms up, a smile on his face."I have only two words to say to you," his voice echoed through the Hall. "Tuck in.""Hear, hear!" Harry, Ron, and I said loudly as food appeared on the empty dishes in front of us.Barnabas had decided to tuck his head under his wing and stood on his perch."Aaah, 'at's be'er." Ron's mouth was already full.I made sure to take a few bites of food before standing up."Where are you going?" Harry asked."I'll be right back." I said.I felt all eyes on me as everyone from the houses turned to watch me walk towards the Slytherin table."Hello." I said kindly as I crouched down by the first years.The older students were all glaring at me as the first years looked at me fearfully."My name is Cassie Zwart. Draco Malfoy is my cousin." I introduced myself."I'm Graham Pritchard." One of the boys said bravely."Hello Graham." I nodded to him."I know you must think it's strange that I'm here." I smiled at them.All of them nodded, along with the second years."I just want you to know, if anyone is bothering you, you can find me and I will help you. It's healthy to be competitive, with things like the House Cup, and the Quidditch Cup." I started to explain. "But if anyone outside of your house is giving you trouble, I want you to be able to know that I'll be on your side. As long as you didn't start it first." I pointed at them."Thank you, Zwart. But we can take care of our own." A familiar female voice said.I looked up to see Christensen glaring at me."I agree with Cassie." Draco's voice was firm. "If you need help, and you can't find another Slytherin to help you, Cassie will be." Draco interjected.Several of the Slytherin's muttered at that, but no one else said anything."What was your last name again?" Graham asked."Zwart, or you can call me Black. I respond to both." I winked at him.I nodded at Draco, who nodded back to me, and walked along the other tables and shared my message with them.I had a strong feeling of how this school year will end, and this school will need to be united.Update on Boyfriend! He has to wait 10-20 days to find out the final verdict of what is going to happen. The test he took had him doing different physical activities and he was hooked up to a machine. I didn't, and still don't, understand what the machine did exactly but it printed out a chart so now that paperwork is being filled out by this person and then will be sent to Boyfriends Doctor, who will then send it to Worker's Comp.So now it's just the waiting game for him and I and another week of waiting for you guys!Shout out to Animefiend176 for following this story!Shout out to I was here (Guest), Pamela Hutchins,, Awritingbookworm, emeliereadsalot and VulcanRaven (Guest) for leaving a review!I was here (Guest) : Thank you so much! That makes me so happy to hear!Pamela Hutchins: I'm glad that my cliffhangers can invoke such thoughts and feelings!Awritingbookworm: If you don't have any constructive criticism, that's okay! If you notice any sort of editing errors PLEASE let me know! Sometimes I don't catch them! As for the tension thing, it'll come where you expect and least expect.emeliereadsalot: Awe shucks! Thank you! Love you too!VulcanRaven (Guest): Awe! You're amazing! I'm so glad that you're enjoying my stories!

Chapter 10 The Triwizard Tournament Announcement"What was that about?" Harry asked when I came back to my seat."I have a feeling, and I know I preach that I shouldn't change what I -" I looked around to see who was listening. " - See or Know, but I have this feeling and if it's correct this is what needs to be done." I said.Harry only nodded.I knew he was confused but I didn't know what else to say."- swimming in soup. Terrified the house-elves out of their wits -" Nearly Headless Nick was saying when -Clang.Hermione had knocked her goblet of pumpkin juice over.I muttered a spell and pointed my wand at the pile and it dried up."There are house-elves here?" Hermione asked, horror-struck. "Here at Hogwarts?""Certainly," Nearly Headless Nick looked surprised at her reaction. "The largest number in any dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred.""I've never seen one!" Hermione protested."Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do they?" Nearly Headless Nick said. "They come out at night to do a bit of cleaning… see to the fires and so on… I mean, you're not supposed to see them, are you? That's the mark of a good house-elf, isn't it, that you don't know it's there?""But they get paid?" Hermione's eyes were wide. "They get holidays, don't they? And - and sick leave, and pensions, and everything?""Hermione, house-elves can speak for themselves. If they don't want that kind of stuff then they're not going to ask for it." I spoke up."That doesn't matter!" She burst out. "They're working so they should get paid for their work!""House-elves don't want sick leave and pensions!" Nearly Headless Nick spoke up.Hermione stared at her food in horror."Oh c'mon, 'Er-my-knee," Ron accidently sprayed Harry with bits of Yorkshire pudding. "Oops - sorry 'Arry -" Ron finally swallowed. "You won't get them sick leave by starving yourself!""Slave labor," Hermione was breathing hard through her nose. "That's what made this dinner. Slave labor!"And Hermione wouldn't eat.Harry and I both shrugged as we continued to eat. I even noticed that several other people had been walking between the tables. Draco would look up at me and then back to his friends."Treacle tart, Hermione!" Ron said when dinner disappeared and puddings appeared. "Spotted dick, look! Chocolate gateau!"Harry passed me a stack of pumpkin pasties and some chocolate gateau that Ron had pointed to."Thank you, Harry." I said to him.Ariel had left at some point, chasing after Crookshanks I would imagine.Hermione glared at all of us as we ate our fill.When the desserts had disappeared and the first years had started to yawn and rub their eyes.Dumbledore rose to his feet and a hush fell in the hall."Now that we are all fed and watered."Hermione snorted at that."I must once more ask for your attention, while I give out a few notices. Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me to tell you that the list of objects forbidden inside the castle has this year been extended to include Screaming Yo-yo's, Fanged Frisbees, and Ever-Bashing Boomerangs. The full list comprises some four hundred and thirty-seven items, I believe, and can be viewed at Mr. Filch's office, if anybody would like to check it."I rolled my eyes at that. No one was going to check that list."As ever, I would like to remind you all that the forest on the grounds is out-of-bounds to students, as is the village of Hogsmeade to all below third year. It is also my painful duty to inform you that the Inter-House Quidditch Cup will not take place this year.""What?" Harry gasped.He looked at me, his mouth open."I knew that, I'm so disappointed that I won't be a part of the team for another year!" I sighed."You knew -?" Harry tried to ask a question.Dumbledore continued on."This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the school year, taking up much of the teachers' time and energy - but I am sure you will all enjoy it immensely. I have great pleasure in announcing that this year at Hogwarts -"His moment was ruined by a deafening rumble of thunder, and the doors of the Great Hall opening with a bang.A man stood there for a moment, leaning on a long staff, wearing a soaked traveling cloak. He let down his hood and shook out his dark grey hair. It was grizzled looking. The man began to walk to the teacher's table.One of his legs made a clear thunk sound as he walked. Everyone watched him as he made his way to the table. A flash of lightning flashed across his face when he reached Dumbledore.Every inch of his face was scarred, his nose was missing. But his eyes were the most surprising of all. One eye was what you expected an eye to look like. The other, was large, round as a coin, and a vivid electric eye was moving around the room, looking at each individual person.It was disturbing.Dumbledore and the man shared a few words before the man went and sat at the vacant seat. I was wrong about the extra chairs, we were just missing teachers."May I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?" Dumbledore said brightly. "Professor Moody."I was one of three people to clap. Dumbledore and Hagrid clapped with me, but everyone was too shocked about Moody's entrance."Moody?" Harry muttered. "Mad-Eye Moody? The one your dad went to help this morning?""Must be," Ron was in awe of the man."What do you mean?" I asked."What happened to his face?" Hermione asked."Dunno." Ron answered.There was another moment of silence in the hall as everyone watched Moody start to eat and drink from a flask he got off his person."As I was saying," Dumbledore cleared his throat. "We are to have the honor of hosting a very exciting event over the coming months, an event that has not been held for over a century. It is my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwarts this year."You're JOKING!" Fred was the only noise in the Hall, and it broke the tension.Everyone laughed at the outburst."I am not joking, Mr. Weasley," Dumbledore chuckled, "though now that you mention it, I had an excellent one over the summer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun who all go into a bar…"McGonagall cleared her throat in that moment."Er - but maybe this is not the time… no…" Dumbledore said, "where was I? Ah, yes, the Triwizard Tournament… well, some of you will not know what this tournament involves, so I hope those who do know will forgive me for giving a short explanation, and allow their attention to wander freely."The Triwizard Tournament was first established some seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. The schools took it in turns to host the tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed to be a most excellent way of establishing ties between young witches and wizards of different nationalities - until, that is, the death toll mounted so high that the tournament was discontinued.""Death toll?" Hermione whispered."Hundreds of years ago!" I whispered back to her."There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the tournament," Dumbledore continued, "none of which has been very successful. However, our own Department of International Magical Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have decided the time is ripe for another attempt. We have worked hard over the summer to ensure that this time, no champion will find himself or herself in mortal danger."The Heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving with their shortlisted contenders in October, and the selection of three champions will take place at Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which students are most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school and a thousand Galleons personal prize money.""Only those who are over the age of seventeen can participate." I said as Fred opened his mouth."How do you know?" George asked."Eager though I know all of you will be to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts," Dumbledore said over the mutterings. "The Heads of the participating schools, along with the Ministry of Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on contenders this year. Only students who are of age - that is to say, seventeen years or older - will be allowed to put forward their names for consideration. This -" Dumbledore raised his voice slightly.A lot of the students were loudly protesting what he had just said."- is a measure we feel is necessary, given that the tournament tasks will still be difficult and dangerous, whatever precautions we take, and it is highly unlikely that students below sixth and seventh year will be able to cope with them. I will personally be ensuring that no underage student hoodwinks our impartial judge into making them Hogwarts champion."His blue eyes twinkled towards the twins and then to me."I therefore beg you not to waste your time submitting yourself if you are under seventeen. The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving in October and remaining with us for the greater part of this year. I know that you will all extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they are with us, and will give your whole-hearted support to the Hogwarts champion when he or she is selected. And now, it is late, and I know how important it is to you all to be alert and rested as you enter your lessons tomorrow morning. Bedtime! Chop chop!"Dumbledore sat down and started to talk to Moody. I stood up with the rest of my house but was stopped short. Fred and George were both glaring at the teachers table."They can't do that!" George said. "We're seventeen in April, why can't we have a shot?""They're not stopping me entering," Fred said stubbornly, "the champions'll get to do all sorts of stuff you'd never be allowed to do normally. And a thousand Galleons prize money!""Yeah," Ron joined in.When I looked at him, he had a faraway look on his face."Yeah, a thousand Galleons…""Come on," Hermione pulled on Ron's arm. "We'll be the only ones left here if you don't move.The six of us finally left the Great Hall. I saw Draco waiting at the doors and I made my way over to him."Congratulations on your group of first years." He nodded to me."Congratulations on yours." I smiled at him."I just wanted to bid you goodnight." He said, a light flush on his cheeks."Oh!" I said, a little confused.He looked over my shoulder and noticed the Weasley's glaring at him."How can this work?" He whispered to me, sounding defeated."Come with me." I grabbed his arm and walked him over to my friends."Guys, Draco wanted to say something." I said.Draco froze up, his eyes widening for a second before taking a cool look."What could -" George started to snarl."I wanted to say goodnight to each of you." Draco interrupted.George blinked a couple of times."Er - what?""Goodnight." Draco nodded, firmer with his tone."Er - goodnight?" George looked at Fred who held his hands up to his shoulders."Goodnight, Malfoy." Harry answered more confidently."Goodnight." Draco nodded to Harry.I think I was the only one to hear the light tone of relief in his voice.Ron and Fred settled for only nodding their heads at Draco and Hermione bid Draco goodnight."I'll be right back." I said.I walked Draco back to where he was waiting for me."That was excellent!" I praised Draco."But the two didn't say anything." Draco sighed, looking confused."But out of all of them, only two of them nodded. That was a much better turnout than I expected!" I answered.Draco only sighed."Hey. You got to remember, we're trying to mend over three years of bad blood between all of us. It's not going to change with one nice thing. It's going to take more." I consoled him.Draco gave a nod."Have a goodnight's sleep Draco." I kissed his cheek and walked over to my friends."Goodnight Cassie." Draco said behind me.I waved over my shoulder at him and linked arms with Hermione."What was that?" Ron asked."Draco wants to make amends, and he knows it's going to take more than just saying goodnight. But it's a start." I answered."Malfoy, make amends?" Fred snorted."Yes." I nodded."I don't buy it." George answered."I do." Harry said."What?!" All the Weasley's answered."I trust Cassie's gut. It's gotten us through so many situations. If she says Malfoy wants to make amends, then I believe her." Harry explained."Thank you." I smiled at Harry."I don't believe it." Ron said in finality.We are still waiting to here about Boyfriend's Knee.Also! The cat in my profile picture, his name is Harvey Dent for the obvious reasons haha! However! It has be told to me, that he has been missing for a couple of weeks from my parents property. Yes I'm sad to hear that but since he disappeared, he has either been attacked by a coyote (that has always been what we were told as children growing up so don't worry it's not as morbid as it sounds), or a family took him in. If a family took him in great! Because my mom has way too many cats and we have been looking to rehome some of them because of it. But we haven't because everyone who wants a cat has some sort of issue with them so we've been keeping them.Shout out to doemaar for following the first story, and this one!Shout out to Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Awritingbookworm: I'm glad you like the hair idea! As for the slytherin first years, did you think it was an awkward situation, or that the way I wrote it awkward? Because if you find the situation awkward then good! But if my writing was awkward, oops? Because I wanted that to happen because in a later chapter 'something' happens. Well several things, so it needed to get done for the way how my story is gonna go. Thank you for your honesty!

Chapter 11 Starting the TruceFred and George had decided to try an aging potion. We did discuss if they should just do the Metamorphmagus Magigas but when I told them it didn't change my age it only changed my appearance they decided on the aging potion. Hermione scoffed at the conversation but didn't say anything.She was more focused on the house-elf situation.The next morning the storm had finally passed through, but it was still cloudy. I couldn't see anything of the blue sky."Good morning, Potter, Weasley, Granger, Cassie." Draco's voice greeted us as we entered the Great Hall."Good morning, Malfoy." Hermione greeted first."Mornin'." Harry and Ron greeted."Morning Draco!" I said last.I shot him a smile and he nodded to me before leading Gregory and Vincent to the Slytherin table."He really is trying." Hermione said to me."He really is." I nodded to her."Today's not bad… outside all morning." Ron said when McGonagall came by with our schedules."What are we doing?" I asked as I started filling up my plate with breakfast food."Herbology with the Hufflepuffs, and Care of Magical Creatures… damn it, we're still with the Slytherins…." Ron read off."Double Divination this afternoon," Harry groaned."I'm not looking forward to that, but I need that." I sighed."You should have given it up like me, shouldn't you?" Hermione asked, buttering up some toast. "Then you'd be doing something sensible like Arithmancy.""Divination is sensible for me." I responded dully."You're eating again, I notice." Ron watched Hermione, changing the subject."I've decided there are better ways of making a stand about elf rights." Hermione answered haughtily."Yeah… and you were hungry." Ron grinned at her.Hermione was saved from answering. There was a rustling sound and the owl post had arrived. Harry and I looked up. I was expecting Hedwig and Barnabas to fly down together, but Barnabas didn't show up, and Hedwig wasn't back either.Neville had a large tawny owl drop a parcel into his lap. Neville always forgot something.Draco had the family eagle owl fly down with sweets and cakes. He looked up at me and gestured for me to join him."I'll be right back." I said.I got up and all eyes were on me again as I walked to the Slytherin table."Mother sent you a box of sweets." Draco said when I reached him."Thank you." I smiled at him.I saw the vacant seat next to him so I sat down, my back leaning against the table and my legs out so that I could get up when I wanted."Mother also says to let her know if you want or need anything else." Draco said, reading the letter she had sent."I will be sure to do that." I said with a nod."What do you have today?" Draco asked as he handed me a sausage."Herbology with the Hufflepuffs and Care of Magical Creatures, that's with you. And double Divination." I answered, taking bites out of the sausage."What do you see in that oaf?" Draco asked.He didn't say it with any anger or mean it derogatory. He was calling Hagrid what he thought was best."I see his humanity." I answered, keeping my voice quiet.Draco flushed."So many people see how big he is, and think he's stupid because of it, but he's just a human who was born with a bigger body. He's still human, and he was expelled before he could complete Hogwarts, all because he loves all creatures." I kept my voice quiet for him.Draco didn't say anything, thinking over what I had said."I don't know what he has planned for this lesson, but give him an actual chance. Yeah the creatures he brings us are dangerous," I gestured to his arm.Draco flushed again, a darker red this time."But he does teach you how to be respectful with them." I reminded him.I patted him on his shoulder and stood up, ignoring the glares from the Slytherin's."See you in Creature class." I smiled at him and went back to the Gryffindor table with my box of sweets.Line breakI had to guide Harry to the greenhouses. He was lost in his own world.When Sprout had introduced us to the Bubotubers, he was brought back."Bubotubers, they need squeezing. You will collect the pus -""Gross!" I whispered to Neville.Neville and I always partnered up in Herbology."The what?" Seamus asked, revolted."Pus, Finnigan, pus," Sprout said with patience. "And it's extremely valuable, so don't waste it. You will collect the pus, I say, in these bottles. Wear your dragon-hide gloves; it can do funny things to the skin when undiluted, bubotuber pus."Neville and I got right into it. I was satisfied with the squeezing, and Neville was just waiting for it to be over with."This'll keep Madam Pomfrey happy." Sprout said as she bottled the last bit of pus. "An excellent remedy for the more stubborn forms of acne, bubtober pus. Should stop students resorting to desperate measures to rid themselves.""Like poor Eloise Midgen," Hannah whispered. "She tried to curse hers off."I forget how lucky I am, able to make my skin as clear as I wanted it to be."Silly girl." Sprout shook her head. "But Madam Pomfrey fixed her nose back on in the end."The bell echoed across the grounds at that moment. The Hufflepuffs went into the school while the Gryffindors went down to Hagrid's hut.I waved to Draco when I saw him come out of the school."I'll meet you guys down there." I said and I went and joined Draco on his walk."What are you -" Parkinson started to sneer."Hello, dear cousin." Draco offered me his arm, discarding her.I smiled at the sound of disgust she just made. I took Draco's arm as we walked down the rest of the way."What do you think we're doing today?" Draco asked."Something with explosives." I answered automatically.Draco looked at me in alarm."And since it is Hagrid…" I finished, my voice trailing off."Cassie!" Draco sounded exasperated."He's just enthusiastic about his job!" I tried to defend Hagrid."Blast-Ended Skrewts!" Hagrid said in delight when we reached him.I put my head in my hand. Hagrid was not helping my case."He's still human. He's still human." I whispered to myself."On'y jus' hatched," Hagrid sounded proud. "So yeh'll be able ter raise 'em yerselves! Thought we'd make a bit of a project of it!""And why would we want to raise them?" Draco asked, his voice unintentionally cold.Hagrid looked dumbfounded at the question."I mean, what do they do?" Malfoy asked, trying to backpedal his tone. "What is the point of them?"Hagrid opened his mouth, but didn't answer for a few seconds.I, again, put my hand to my face."Tha's next lesson, Malfoy. Yer ju' feedin' 'em today. Now, yeh'll wan' ter try 'em on a few diff'rent things - I've never had 'em before, not sure what they'll go fer - I got ant egg an' frog livers an' a bit o' grass snake - just try 'em out with a bit of each."There was some muttering in the fray of students."I don't understand how you can like him!" Draco hissed at me."I don't think you ever will." I sighed, looking up at him.He flushed again."I can relate to Hagrid because I grew up as an outcast. I didn't have friends. I had books and Charlotte, the woman who took care of me and the other children. Hagrid is an outcast. And clearly animals were all he had when he was at school, I mean look at how you treat him. I get it. And it's just one of those things." I tried to explain.Draco blinked."I forget that there's a whole world out there outside the Wizarding World." He admitted quietly."You never had to think about it before." I answered, my voice just as quiet."At least the skrewts are small." Ron said.Draco and I were walking a small distance away from him, but his usual posey seem to converge on his other side. Away from me."I'll see you later." I said to Draco.He nodded and led his followers away to the Slytherin table.I joined my friends as we sat down at the Gryffindor table. Hermione started to pile her plate with food and eat it as fast as she could."Er - is this the new stand on elf rights?" Ron asked cautiously. "You're going to make yourself puke instead?""No," Hermione said.I giggled. Her cheeks were full of sprouts, giving her a slight chipmunk look."I just want to get to the library." Hermione answered."What?" Ron and I both asked in disbelief."Hermione, it's the first day back! We haven't even got homework yet!" Ron said.Hermione shoveled more food into her mouth. Then leapt to her feet."See you at dinner!" She waved."She's studying more on elf rights." I sighed, playing with my food on my plate."Is that a Seer thing?" Ron asked, taking a bite."It's obvious. Where else to get information about house elves and get information on wages and other information." I answered."Right." Ron nodded.We were settled in our Divination class. The sweet perfume was strong as always."So how do you control your thing in here?" Ron asked, keeping his voice quiet."I don't. I actually use the crystal ball to try and see if I can willingly use it. So far I haven't had much luck." I explained quietly."Good day." Trelawney's misty voice greeted us behind Harry."You're preoccupied, my dear." Trelawney spoke to Harry. "My inner eye sees past your brave face to the troubled soul within. And I regret to say that your worries are not baseless. I see difficult times ahead for you, alas… most difficult… I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass… and perhaps sooner than you think…"I kept my face as focused as I could, but my heart was pounding.The vision I had last year, the one with Harry in the graveyard…"My dears, it is time for us to consider the stars," Trelawney kept talking. "The movements of the planets and the mysteries portents they reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. Human destiny may be deciphered by the planetary rays, which intermingle…"I started to chew on my finger nails.Harry took my hand and held it under the table, not drawing attention from our fellow students.I got lost in my thoughts as Trelawney continued to speak. Holding Harry's hand as I tried not to bite my fingernails.He knew me well enough at this point, and he knew how to comfort me so far."Harry!" Ron muttered."What?" Harry asked, bringing me out of my trance."I was saying, my dear, that you were clearly born under the baleful influence of Saturn." Trelawney's voice had a faint tone of annoyance in it."Born under - what, sorry?" Harry asked, letting go of my hand.I kept my hand under the table for a few more seconds before putting it on the table."Saturn, dear, the planet Saturn!" Trelawney was getting irritated that Harry was not hanging on to her every word."I was saying that Saturn was surely in a position of power in the heavens at the moment of your birth… Your dark hair… your mean stature… tragic losses so young in life… I think I am right in saying, my dear, that you were born in midwinter?"Ron managed to cover his laughter with a cough."Harry was born at the end of July." I said, keeping my voice dull.Trelawney played with her shawl unhappily, but then assigned us our homework.We had to do a star chart of the day we were born. We had to map out the planets and their positions when we were born."I've got two Neptunes here," Harry said after we went to work.I was focused on Pluto, being the farthest away from earth."That can't be right, can it?" Harry asked."Aaaah," Ron said, imitating Trelawney's mystical whisper, "when two Neptunes appear in the sky it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry…"I even started to giggle at that, Seamus and Dean were sniggering behind us. They heard Ron's comment."Oh Professor, look! I think I've got an unaspected planet! Oooh, which one's that, Professor?" Lavender and Parvarti were squealing excitedly."It is Uranus, my dear." Trelawney said."Can I have a look -" Ron started.I smacked the back of his head."Ow!" He said, holding his head.Trelawney looked at us. But continued with helping Lavender and Parvarti."Don't be disgusting!" I hissed at him.He flushed but went back to his chart."Do you have lots of homework?" Hermione asked brightly."Not really, just this star chart of the planets lined up for the day we were born." I showed Hermione."Professor Vector didn't give us any at all!" Hermione said brightly."I'm just going to dot and label randomly." I grinned at her.She got the most scandalized look on her face while Ron praised me."Hey, Weasley." Draco's voice was behind us."What, Malfoy?" Ron said, turning to Draco."Your dad's in the paper. I think you should see this." Draco held out the paper."What do you mean?" Ron asked, taking the paper."Look at it." Draco said, crossing his arms.Ron read it out loud."Further Mistakes At The Ministry Of Magic. It seems as though the Ministry of Magic's troubles are not yet at an end, wirtes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. Recently under fire for its poor crowd control at the Quidditch World Cup, and still unable to account for the disappearance of one of its witches, the Ministry was plunged into fresh embarrassment yesterday by the antics of Arnold Weasley, of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office."Ron looked up, looking angry."His name is Arthur!""I know, Weasley." Draco nodded, looking at me.I stepped over to him and put my hand on his elbow."Arnold Weasley, who was charged with possession of a flying car two years ago, was yesterday involved in a tussle with several Muggle law-keepers ('policemen') over a number of highly aggressive dustbins. Mr. Weasley appears to have rushed to the aid of "Mad-Eye" Moody, the aged ex-Auror who retired from the Ministry when no longer able to tell the difference between a handshake and attempted murder. Unsurprisingly, Mr. Weasley found, upon arrival at Mr. Moody's heavily guarded house, that Mr. Moody had once again raised a false alarm. Mr. Weasley was forced to modify several memories before he could escape from the policemen, but refused to answer Daily Prophet questions about why he had involved the Ministry in such an undignified and potentially embarrassing scene."Ron put his head back."I thought you should know." Draco said."Aren't you going to poke fun at me, at my family?" Ron said, squinting suspiciously at Draco."No." Draco shook his head.Ron blinked a few times."Oh.""Thank you for showing us that." I said to Draco.He nodded and walked back to the Slytherin table."Draco, why -" Parkinson started to ask a question."Shall we?" I gestured to my friends."That was weird." Ron said as we sat down.Just as I sat down, I stood back up."I'll be right back.""Where are you going?" Harry asked, standing up."I don't know yet, want to come with me?" I asked."Why not." Harry said.Draco noticed we were leaving and I waved to him."What is it?" Harry asked as I headed towards the Ravenclaw Tower."I don't know. I just know that something's wrong." I answered."Cassie?" Draco's voice was behind us."Oh good, you can come with me." I said holding my hand out for him."You didn't even eat dinner, what's going on?" Draco asked."I've got a feeling." I answered."About what?" Draco asked."Cassie mostly gets feelings about things that are going to happen, and that's what we're following." Harry answered for me."I thought it was only -" Draco looked around, " -visions?" He whispered that last part."Dreams." I told him."She started with feelings, her dreams started last year when -" Harry paused."I haven't said anything about that yet." I answered the unspoken question."When did you start having dreams?" Draco asked."That is a story for another time, right now we've got -""Cassie!" A little voice said.I had turned a corner and I was surprised with what I had seen.Two Ravenclaw first years were crying, a Hufflepuff was standing there unsure what to do."Hello, what happened?" I asked, crouching down to the ground."Our bags just split!" One of the Ravenclaws managed to say through her tears."That's okay, we can fix that!" I said, pulling out my wand.I tapped the bags and said, "Repairo!"Both bags fixed right up."Do you guys have first day jitters?" I asked as Harry crouched down to help me separate the books between the two Ravenclaws.Both of them nodded as the Hufflepuff boy sat down next to the Ravenclaw girl."And you two are Ethan and Dakota Williams. You are twins, right?" I smiled kindly at them.They both looked at me with wide eyes."It's okay, do you know the Patil twins?" I asked."I do," the Ravenclaw boy answered."You are, Benjamin, right?" I smiled at him.He nodded, his eyes wide."You know Padma?" I asked."Yes." He nodded."Her twin sister is Parvarti, she's in Gryffindor with Harry and myself." I told Dakota."But -" Dakota started to tear up again."I'm not a twin, so I don't know how hard it can be for you guys." I said, standing up and holding a hand out for them.Benjamin grabbed Dakota's bag from Harry."Draco, will you run ahead and get Padma? Tell her to get Parvarti, and meet us at the Hufflepuff table please?" I asked my cousin."Oh, uh -" Draco looked confused."I'll get Parvarti, you can get Padma and how about they sit at the Hufflepuff table with Ethan?" Harry suggested instead."Okay, I can do that." Draco nodded."Thank you." I smiled at two of them.They left, awkwardly keeping the distance between themselves."Benjamin, why don't you take Dakota's and your bags and I will wait here with Dakota and Ethan." I suggested."Uh - okay." Benjamin said.I turned around and walked Ethan and Dakota away so that I wouldn't hear Ravenclaw's password."Are we going to leave him?" Ethan asked, looking back."No, I just don't want to be accused of trying to get into the common room." I answered.The twins nodded and we only waited a few more minutes before Benjamin caught up with us."Alright, let's go." I said.We walked in silence for a bit."Thank you for trying to help us." Dakota finally said."Of course. I was overwhelmed when I first came here, and I didn't have any family or friends. At first." I answered."But you're friends with Harry Potter!" Ethan blurted out."And you're seen with Malfoy." Benjamin added."Harry and I met on the train, and I just found out last year that Draco and I are cousins." I smiled at the two boys."You're related to the Malfoy's?" Ethan asked."Cassie Zwart is Sirius Black's daughter. The Black's and Malfoy's were close." Dakota answered."You did your research on me." I poked Dakota on the shoulder."When you introduced yourself to all the first years, I wanted to know what I could about you." Dakota said sheepishly."And that's a good thing!" I said.When we walked into the Great Hall, I was greeted by a strange sight.Moody had a white ferret bouncing in the air."Professor Moody!" McGonagall's voice echoed.McGonagall was on the marble staircase."Hello, Professor McGonagall," Moody was calm, bouncing the ferret higher."What - what are you doing?" McGonagall had dropped what books she was holding."What is happening?" Dakota whispered behind me."I don't know." I said, giving her my hand to hold."Teaching," Moody answered McGonagall."Teach - Moody, is that a student?" McGonagall shrieked.I looked around and I saw Harry, his eyes were wide and he was looking a little white."Yep," Moody said."Draco!" I whispered under my breath.I didn't dare leave the three first years I had herded down here."No!" McGonagall cried.I pulled the three out of her way as she ran past us with her own wand drawn. There was a snapping noise and Draco was back. He was looking disheveled, his hair was no longer combed over like it was."Moody, we never use transfiguration as a punishment!" McGonagall said weakly. "Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?""I'll be right back." I whispered to Dakota.I was the only person who moved and it drew attention to me, but I ignored them.I reached Draco who was wincing and rubbing his ribs."Are you alright?" I whispered, gently touching his arm."No. I'm not, Zwart." He hissed at me.I took my hand off of his arm for a second, and then put his arm over my shoulder, attempting to take his weight.Draco blinked and then allowed himself to sag against my shoulder, wincing as he lifted one of his feet."What happened?" I whispered to him."Some of the Slytherins didn't like that I was walking with Potter, and one went to hex him and I blocked it. But Moody didn't see it that way." He whispered back to me."He only saw your wand pointed at Harry." I whispered back.Malfoy nodded stiffly."Your Head of House'll be Snape, will it?" Moody had limped his towards us and took Draco's other arm.Draco and I turned to glare at Moody."Don't step out of line missy, I know McGonagall is your Head of House." He growled at me."And I know you'll be gone by the end of the year." I growled back at him.Something flashed in his eyes and Draco gave a nod.Moody decided to ignore what I said and marched Draco out of the Great Hall. McGonagall watched them leave and picked up her books.I walked back to the first years."What happened?" Dakota asked."I don't know, but let's not worry about that. We need to find Parvarti and Padma." I said and led them to the Hufflepuff table.Thankfully, Padma and Parvarti were standing close to it, unsure of what to do."Parvarti," I greeted the Gryffindor twin."Cassie, what is it? Harry just said to meet Padma over here." Parvarti said."This is Ethan and Dakota, they're twins in different houses. And this is Benjamin, he's a friend of Dakota's." I introduced them."Oh!" Padma exclaimed."I figured you two were the best to help with this situation." I said."I think you're right." Padma smiled kindly at me."I'll leave you three, if you need anything I'm easy to find." I smiled to the first years."Thank you, Cassie." Ethan said as they sat down to eat."Yeah, thank you." Dakota and Benjamin nodded to me.I nodded back and walked over to the Gryffindor table."What happened?" I sat down next to Harry."I went and got Parvarti and when I turned around to see Malfoy with Padma, he was in an argument with some Slytherins. One of them and Malfoy pointed their wands at me. Whatever spells were used, they missed and then Moody came in and transfigured Malfoy into a ferret." Harry hurriedly explained to me."Draco told me one of them cast a hex at you, but he blocked it from hitting you." I said to Harry."Malfoy blocked a hex for Harry?" Ron asked in disbelief."Moody didn't see it that way." I sighed."I'm sorry." Harry put a hand on my back."It's not your fault. I just didn't see that Draco was going to get in trouble with his people…" I sighed.Whew I did not realize how long this chapter was! But I wanted to get the development between Draco and the others in one chapter.Bad news, Boyfriend cannot go back to work in the career he wanted to go in. The injury was too bad for him to be healed in a year. We are both devastated by this, but we are looking on the bright side. His boss wants to keep him so he will be moving into a different position in the office area of the building. So when he does go back to working, I will be looking for a job myself. (Either at the grocery store, or the gas station wOO!) He does have one more test to do, and we'll be doing it tomorrow, on Saturday. This one is going to decide how much we're going to get from Workman's Comp since he won't be on permanent disability but he's technically considered disabled.Shout out to doemaar for following all of the stories!Shout out to sandflight for adding 'The Treasured Philosopher's Stone' to your favorites list!Shout out to Jwugetmoney for adding all of the stories to your favorite and following list, and for following me!Shout out to doemaar, Pamela Hutchins, Awritingbookworm, and emeliereadsalot for leaving a review!doemaar: Three days?! Oh goodness I'm flattered! Thank you so much!Pamela Hutchins: Thank you! Draco really does want to change and now that he has Cassie who could help it's going to be easier for him to tell the difference of what's wrong and right!emeliereadsalot: I. Am. Dieing! My Boyfriend just keeps giving me the side eye because holy shit that's a funny review! Don't you worry about Cassie's love life, it'll happen in due time! (It's not a BIG BLOW OUT buuuuuut.)Awritingbookworm: Oh good! It's supposed to be awkward because of all the bad blood that happened in three years. I'm glad to hear that!

Chapter 12 Mad-Eye's ClassWe didn't have Moody's class until Thursday, and I was not looking forward to it.Draco had found me and told me that he had to serve a detention with Snape, because Moody wouldn't listen to what Draco was saying about the situation.I asked if he was going to be okay in the Slytherin common room and he shook it off.I was lined up with Harry and Ron, not eager to start the lesson."Everyone likes him!" Ron said to me as we waited."I don't." I shook my head."But why?" Harry asked."I don't like how he treated Draco, he didn't get the whole story. He just assumed and punished. And I don't think he got in trouble for how he treated Draco!" I said, crossing my arms."I think he's cool!" Ron said, shaking his head and turning to Hermione who just joined us."Been in the -" Hermione started."Library," Harry finished her sentence. "C'mon, quick, or we won't get decent seats."They took up three seats at the front of the room.I decided to sit next to Neville, in the middle of the room. I didn't bother pulling out my book, not wanting to bother with it until we had too. Thankfully, Moody's distinctive thunk was coming up the corridor."You can put those away." Moody growled when he entered the room. "Those books. You won't need them."I raised an eyebrow as I kept my arms crossed. Everyone followed his instruction.He pulled out a roster and called everyone out by name. With my name being last I waited patiently."Zwart." He paused at my name."Here, sir." I said, keeping my tone polite."You're Black's daughter." His voice seems to always growl."I'm not in contact with him." I turned my tone to be bored."Shame." Moody grunted.I sneered at his back."Right then," he said, turning back around. "I've had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems you've had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark creatures - you've covered boggarts, Red Caps, hinkypunks, grindylows, Kappas, and werewolves, is that right?"There was a general murmur. I kept my mouth shut."But you're behind - very behind - on dealing with curses." Moody said. "So I'm here to bring you up to scratch on what wizards can do to each other. I've got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark -""What, aren't you staying?" Ron blurted out.I moved my hand to cover my mouth.'The job is jinxed.'"You'll be Arthur Weasley's son, eh?" Moody said, his magical eye looking straight at Ron. "Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few days ago… Yeah, I'm staying just the one year. Special favor to Dumbledore… One year, and then back to my quiet retirement."I got a sinking feeling in my stomach.Moody gave a harsh laugh and clapped his hands together."So - straight into it. Curses. They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry of Magic, I'm supposed to teach you countercurses and leave it at that. I'm not supposed to show what illegal Dark curses look like until you're in the sixth year. You're not supposed to be old enough to deal with it till then. But Professor Dumbledore's got a higher opinion of your nerves,"Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned in their seats to look at me. I winked at them."He reckons you can cope, and I say, the sooner you know what you're up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you've never seen? A wizard who's about to put an illegal curse on you isn't going to tell you what he's about to do. He's not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You need to put that away, Miss Brown, when I'm talking."Lavender jumped. She had been showing Parvarti her completed horoscope.'His eye is cool, I'll give him that.' I admitted to myself."So… do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished by wizarding law?" Moody asked.Several hands rose tentatively into the air, including Ron and Hermione's. I saw Neville twitch but he didn't do anything else. Moody pointed at Ron."Er," Ron started tentatively, "my dad told me about one… Is it called the Imperius Curse, or something?""Ah, yes," Moody said appreciatively. "Your father would know that one. Gave the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time, the Imperius Curse."Moody pulled out a glass jar out of his desk. In it were three spiders. I watched as Ron recoiled.Moody reached in, and grabbed one of the spiders. He showed the class it was in his hand."Imperio!" Moody pointed his wand at the spider.I gasped as the spider started to swing back and forth like it was on a trapeze under his hand. Everyone else was laughing.Moody looked at me as he made the spider start to tap dance."Zwart! Why aren't you laughing with the rest of class?" Moody asked."That could be a person." I said, my voice clear.Everyone stopped laughing."Ten points to Gryffindor." He nodded. "Total control." Moody said, his voice was quiet now that it was quiet in the room. "I could make it jump out of the window, drown itself, throw itself down one of your throats…"I shuddered at that."Years back, there was a lot of witches and wizards being controlled by the Imperius Curse. Some job for the Ministry, trying to sortout who was being forced to act, and who was acting of their own free will."The Imperius Curse can be fought, and I'll be teaching you how, but it takes real strength of character, and not everyone's got it. Better avoid being hit with it if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!"I jumped at that last part. Moody threw the spider into an empty jar."Anyone else know one? Another illegal curse?" Moody asked.I was surprised when Neville raised his hand."Yes?" Moody asked, his magical rolling around in his head."There's one - the Cruciatus Curse." Neville's voice was still small, but distinct."Your name's Longbottom?" Moody asked, both of his eyes looking at Neville.Neville nodded nervously.I put my hands under the desk and tapped his leg to show him my hand was there for him.Moody reached into his jar and pulled out a second spider and put it on his desk. The spider didn't move."The Cruciatus Curse," Moody's voice was bleak. "Needs to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea," Moody pointed his wand at the spider. "Engorgio!"The spider grew to be a bit bigger than a tarantula.Ron had pushed his seat as far back as he could get it from Moody's desk.Moody pointed his wand at the spider, "Crucio!"The word sounded like it was supposed to hurt. The spider started to twitch in a painful matter.Neville took my hand and squeezed it, hard.I gave it a few more seconds."That's enough!" I said sharply to Moody.Neville's hand was shaking as he held mine.Moody looked at me, a challenge on his face."Stop it!" I said more forcefully as Neville's face got a pained look.Moody glared at me before moving his wand away from the spider.Neville's face had gone pale and his knuckles were white under the table."Reducio." Moody said calmly to the spider.It shrunk back to its size. Moody put it in the jar with the first spider."Pain." Moody started. "You don't need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse… That one was very popular once too.""Right… anyone know any others?" He turned to the class.Hermione was the only hand to raise in the air."Yes?" Moody prodded her."Avada Kedavra." Hermione whispered."Ah," Moody has a slight smile twisting on his face. "Yes, the last and worst, Avada Kedavra… the Killing Curse."He put his hand in the jar for the last spider. It seemed to know what was coming next, it started to scuttle around the bottom, trying to avoid Moody's hands.Moody managed to get it on his desk. But it started to scuttle across the wooden surface.He raised his wand."Avada Kedavra!" Moody said.There was a flash of green light and the spider rolled over onto its back. Dead.Moody waited a few moments before sweeping it off the desk and onto the floor."Not nice," Moody's voice was calm. "Not pleasant. And there's no countercurse. There's no blocking it. Only one known person has ever survived it, and he's sitting right in front of me."I didn't know where to look. But Neville was still gripping my hand, so I looked at my desk."Avada Kedavra's a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic behind it - you could all get your wands out now and point them at each other and say the words, and I doubt I'd get so much as a nosebleed. But that doesn't matter. I'm not here to teach you how to do it."Now, if there's no countercurse, why am I showing? Because you've got to know. You've got to appreciate what the worst is. You don't want to find yourself in a situation where you're facing it. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" Moody roared.The whole class jumped with me at that."Now… those three curses - Avada Kedavra, Imperius, and Cruciatus - are known as the Unforgivable Curses. The use of any one of them on a fellow human being is enough to earn a life sentence in Azkaban. That's what you're up against. That's what I've got to teach you to fight. You need preparing. You need arming. But most of all, you need to practice constant, never-ceasing vigilance. Get out your quills… copy this down…"Neville finally let go of my hand, but I made sure to keep my hand down under the table.At the end of the lesson, I walked out of the class holding Neville's hand. I pulled him along the crowd until I was able to get him out of the way.We stared out of a window together. I wasn't sure what Neville was thinking, or what he saw when the Cruciatus curse was used."Neville?" Hermione's voice asked behind us.Neville looked around at them. I lifted my head and looked at my friends."Oh hello." Neville's voice was higher, and his hand squeezed mine. "Interesting lesson, wasn't it? I wonder what's for dinner. I'm - I'm starving, aren't you?""Neville, are you alright?" Hermione asked."Oh yes, I'm fine." Neville's voice was still high. "Very interesting dinner - I mean lesson - what's for eating?""Neville." I said, stepping closer to him and putting my head back on his shoulder."Neville, what -?" Harry started to ask.There was a clunking sound coming down the hallway. The five of us stared at Moody as he limped his way towards us."It's all right, sonny." Moody's voice was, surprisingly, gentle. "Why don't you come up to my office? Come on… we can have a cup of tea…"Neville looked more frightened of the idea than anything.Moody looked over at Harry."You all right, are you, Potter?""Yes," Harry answered defiantly."You've got to know. It seems harsh, maybe, but you've got to know. No point pretending… well… Come on, Longbottom, I've got some books that might interest you."Neville looked at me with a pleading tone."Do you want me to come with you?" I asked Neville.He looked between me and Moody and then shook his head."No, but thank you Cassie." He said quietly.He finally let go of my hand and gave me a tight hug.Neville had grown quite a few feet so when he hugged me my face was squished into his chest."What was that about?" Ron asked, watching Neville walk away with Moody."I don't know…" I said, not wanting to think about it."Cassie!" Ron turned to me."No. I'm not going to try and feel for Neville's feelings." I hissed at Ron as we walked to the Great Hall."Some lesson, though." I turned to Harry, changing the subject."Fred and George were right, weren't they? He really knows his stuff, Moody, doesn't he?" Ron piped in. "When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that spider just died, just snuffed it right -"Harry had thrown his arms over my shoulders and Ron suddenly fell silent at his facial expression."We should get a head start on those predictions for Trelawney as soon as we're done with dinner. Those are going to take ages." I suggested as we sat down to eat.Suddenly there was a body next to me."Hello." Draco greeted, his voice cool."Hello Draco, are you going to eat dinner with us?" I asked, gesturing to the table settings."No, I just came to let you know that a couple of the older Slytherins are planning on hexing you after dinner." Draco kept his voice low."Just me, or all of us?" I asked."Just you." He growled."Okay. Don't do anything to help me." I said to him."But -!" Draco exclaimed."It's bad enough that Mad-Eye," I spat his name, "punished you rather than listen to you. I won't let that happen again." I said to Draco."You don't like him either." Draco noted."He gives me a vibe. But if Dumbledore trusts him then I'll keep it to myself." I said, glaring at my plate."I don't like -" Harry started."No. It'll be just me with the Slytherins. It won't be the first time I get hexed." I reminded him, putting my silvery blonde hair up into a ponytail so that it wouldn't get in my food."I'll try to distract them." Draco tugged on a strand of my hair and went back to the Slytherin table."What is your goal, exactly?" Ron asked."To actually unite the houses." I answered, keeping it simple."But why?" Harry asked."I don't know, it's something that needs to be done." I answered honestly.Here we are. The story is chugging along! I need to get going on the chapters, it's starting to catch up to me..Shout out to hanna92ddal, Awritingbookworm, and Hello(Guest) for leaving a review!hanna92ddal: It's weird writing him, because I have to be careful not to make him too nice too soon and I have to take a step back hen that happens.Awritingbookworm: Thank you! I wanted to start on the first years going to Cassie, and the ferret scene fit in just perfectly to include Draco. I didn't want to exclude the ferret scene because I wanted the school to see that Cassie was going to start including her family into her loyalty circle of sorts.Hello(Guest): Hello to you! Don't worry about the series ending yet, we've still got three (and a half) books to get through! I go back and reread it too, mostly to remind myself what has happened already and which year it happened. As for Cassie's love life, she is only fourteen. She'll figure it out sooner or later.

Chapter 13 Faking PredictionsI was grateful that warning Draco had given me. The Slytherins saw me come out of the Great Hall but when I made eye contact with them and showed them that I had my wand ready they didn't make a move."I haven't got a clue what this lot's supposed to mean," Ron said.We were doing our Divination homework, and I was ready to start tearing my hair out."I can't think of anything myself." I sighed, playing with my nose ring."You know, I think it's back to the old Divination standby." Ron said, throwing his arms over his head and stretching his back on the chair."What - make it up?" Harry asked."Yeah," Ron said.I helped him clear off the table of bits of parchment and we started over with fresh parchment."Next Monday, I am likely to develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of Mars and Jupiter." Ron started to write on his parchment."I will fail my homework assignments." I wrote mine down."Oh, that's a good one!" Ron said, writing his down next."Right." Harry crumpled his first attempt of predictions and threw it into the fire. "On Monday, I will be in danger of - er - burns.""Yeah, you will be," Ron said darkly. "We're seeing the skrewts again on Monday. Okay, Wednesday, I'll… erm…""Lose a treasured possession." Harry suggested as he flicked through Unfogging the Future."Good one." Ron said, copying it down.I started filling in randomly as I thought of them.Wednesday, I will suffer from a near drowning experience.Thursday, I will fall in love with my rescuer.Friday, I will be heartbroken as my rescuer left me.Saturday, I will stay cooped up in my room.Sunday, I will suffer from bedsores."Those are amazing!" Ron said, reading my parchment."Write the opposite of that." I suggested, pointing at Ron's."What do you mean?" He asked."Wednesday you will rescue someone from drowning. Thursday, she will think she is in love with you. Friday you will break her heart, Saturday you won't see her. Sunday you will have found someone new to love." I said, tapping on the different days."Amazing!" Ron said, frantically writing down what I had said.We finished our predictions and I was letting mine dry when I noticed Fred and George sitting in a corner with their heads together."I think they're working on an order form for Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes." Harry said."Weasleys' what now?" I asked, looking at him."No one's told you?" Ron asked, looking at me."Told me - no, no one's told me anything." I answered."Fred and George are wanting to open a joke shop." Ron started to explain. "But mum burned everything they've worked on, something about how it's not good enough or something." Ron finished."I'll be right back!" I stood up and marched over to the twins."Cassie!" Fred exclaimed.He and George were quick to hide what they were writing."Weasleys' Wizards Wheezes. What is it?" I asked, sitting down next to Fred."We haven't told you?" Fred asked, looking incredulous."Nope." I shook my head.Fred launched into an explanation about their joke shop and what they were wanting to do, and what products they wanted and needed to fix up."Do you need a sponsor, or donations?" I asked at the end."We -" George finally said something."Don't misunderstand me. I know you don't want handouts, that is not what I want to do. But you two know, I can finance you, get you started on what you need to get your projects rolling. And we work out a payment plan. Or I get a fraction of the goods." I said.George and Fred looked at each other."I know Molly burnt all of your order forms and what products you did have finalized. And I want to help you. An office job at the Ministry is not a job for either of you two. And owning a joke shop is something I can see you two doing and enjoying. I don't want to come and take all of the money you two will be making. But I want to help you two get back on your feet." I explained.George started to shake his head lightly at Fred."You don't need to answer right away. Take your time." I said standing back up."Thank you for the offer." Fred said as I walked back to my table."Of course! Good luck with your situation." I pointed at the letter.Hermione came in ten minutes after the twins went up to bed."I've just finished!" Hermione said as she sat down with us."So have I!" Ron said triumphantly.Hermione looked over our prediction papers."Not going to have a very good month, are you?" She said in a sardonic tone."Ah, well, at least I'm forewarned." Ron grinned at her."You seem to be drowning twice," Hermione pointed out."That's okay. Trelawney will appreciate the world attempting to kill Ron twice the same way." I said as Ron went to scratch it out."Don't you think it's a bit obvious you've made these up?" Hermione asked."How dare you!" Ron responded in mock outrage. "We've been working like house-elves here!"Hermione raised her eyebrows."It's just an expression." Ron explained hastily."What's in the box?" I asked, pointing at the box Hermione had brought with her."Funny you should ask." Hermione said, giving Ron a nasty look.Inside the box, all different colors, were fifty badges, all with the same letters: S.P.E.W." 'Spew'?" Harry asked, picking one up. "What's this about?""Not Spew," Hermione said, getting impatient. "It's S-P-E-W. Stands for Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.""Never heard of it." Ron shook his head as I picked up a badge."Well, of course you haven't." Hermione's voice was brisk. "I've only just started it.""Yeah?" Ron said, mildly surprised. "How many members you got?""Well - if you three join - four." Hermione said with a grin."And you think we want to walk around wearing badges saying 'spew', do you?" Ron asked.The three of them turned to look at me. I put on my best look of innocence as I pinned one of the badges to my bag."S-P-E-W." Hermione said hotly. "I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures, and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Status - but it wouldn't fit. So that's the heading of our manifesto."Hermione brandished a sheaf of parchment."I've been researching it thoroughly in the library. Elf enslavement goes back centuries. I can't believe no one's done anything about it before now.""Hermione - open your ears," Ron said loudly. "They. Like. It. They like being enslaved!""Our short-term aims," Hermione spoke over Ron. "Are to secure house-elves fair wages and working conditions. Our long-term aims include changing the law about non-wand use, and trying to get an elf into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, because they're shockingly underrepresented.""And how are we going to do all this?" I asked."We start by recruiting members," Hermione said happily. "I thought two Sickles to join - that buys a badge - and the proceeds can fund our leaflet campaign. You're treasurer, Ron - I've got you a collecting tin upstairs - and Harry, you're secretary, so you might want to write down everything I'm saying now, as a record of our first meeting - and Cassie is vice-president."Harry and I shared exasperated looks with each other.Before I could say anything, there was a tap, tap at the window."Hedwig!" Harry shouted, jumping up to open the window.Hedwig was followed by Barnabas who flew around the room with us in happy laps. Hedwig landed on the tabletop."About time!" Harry said, turning back to sit in his chair."She's got an answer!" Ron said excitedlyHarry hastily untied the grubby looking parchment."Hedwig, come here." I said to the snowy owl.She hopped over to me and I pushed away from the table. She jumped onto my knee and gave an obvious sigh as I started to massage her wings."What does it say?" Hermione asked."Harry -I'm flying north immediately. This news about your scar is the latest in a series of strange rumors that have reached me here. If it hurts again, go straight to Dumbledore - they're saying he's got Mad-Eye out of retirement, which means he's reading the signs, even if no one else is.I'll be in touch soon. My best to Ron and Hermione. Tell Cassie I miss her. Keep your eyes open, Harry.Sirius""He's flying north?" Hermione whispered."He's coming back?" I whispered back."Dumbledore's reading what signs?" Ron asked, looking perplexed. "Harry - what's up?"Harry had hit himself on his forehead. Hedwig ruffled her feathers at the motion. Barnabas landed on my shoulder, fluffing himself up happily."I shouldn't have told him!" Harry answered furiously."What are you on about?" Ron asked in surprise."It's made him think he's got to come back!" Harry slammed his fist on the desk.Hedwig jumped in my lap, digging her claws into my leg."Harry, it's okay! Sir - da - he won't be stupid about being seen!" I hissed at Harry, trying to calm Hedwig down."He's coming back, because he thinks I'm in trouble! And there's nothing wrong with me!" Harry snapped.Hedwig snapped her beak and luckily I had some owl treats in my bag."Harry," Hermione spoke in a pacifying voice."Let him go." I said when Harry stood up and practically stomped up the stairs."Cassie!" Hermione turned to me."He's feeling guilty! Hermione, his scar hurt over the summer and he felt like he could only tell one person, Sirius, and now because he told Sirius. Sirius, escaped convict, people are still looking for him, Sirius is coming back to Hogwarts. The only adult who can take Harry in, and he might end up dead." I explained.Hermione opened her mouth then closed it."Hedwig, why don't you go to the Owlery to get some food and rest properly. Barnabas is eager for you to keep him company. Ron's owl, Pig has been awfully annoying." I scratched her head.Hedwig and Barnabas nipped at me. Hedwig at my finger, and Barnabas the tip of my ear. They flew out of the window, Barnabas leading the way."I'm going to bed too. Ron, leave Harry alone, he's mad at himself enough as it is." I said as I got up to close the window."Okay, good night Cassie, Hermione." Ron bid and then went up the boys dormitory.Hermione and I didn't say anything to each other when we went up to our beds. Lavender and Parvarti were asleep when we got up there."Harry shouldn't have to feel guilty." Hermione whispered as we climbed into our beds."I feel guilty for not writing to him." I said quietly as Ariel got comfortable next to me.Hermione didn't say anything for the rest of the night.Sirius is coming back! And we're getting closer to the tournament woo!Shout out to taylor . janine . dick for adding all of the stories to your following and favorite list! (I'm aware your name doesn't have those spaces, but it was the only way to get your name to save!)Shout out to Pamela Hutchins and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: Thank you!Awritingbookworm: Awe thank you! I didn't want her to be completely trusting of Moody since she knew there was something about Quirrell back in their first year. But thank you! I'm glad you're enjoying my writing!

Author's Note at the bottom!Chapter 14 Learning More About MyselfHarry told us what he did that morning over breakfast. He sent Sirius a letter saying that he did not feel his scar hurting and that Sirius should stay where he was."That was a lie, Harry!" Harry said sharply. "You didn't imagine your scar hurting and you know it.""Hermione!" I rolled my eyes."So what?" Harry also rolled his eyes. "He's not going back to Azkaban because of me.""Drop it." Ron and I both said to Hermione as she opened her mouth."We know his scar hurt over the summer. But you need to remember, no one knows what to do. Harry is the only person to be in this situation. And he's trying to figure it out without bothering people!" I hissed at Hermione under my breath.Hermione huffed under her breath but dropped the subject.I was walking through the corridors by myself. Harry and Ron were running off doing their own thing, and Hermione was still in the library researching more about house elves and what rights they should receive."Hello." A silky voice said.I stopped walking and looked in the direction of the voice.A Ravenclaw fifth year girl with smiling coyly at me."Uh -" I looked behind me.It was just me in the corridor."Hello?" I turned to face her.She had beautiful red hair that was in tight curls. Her shade was just a bit darker than the Weasley family. She had freckles splashed across her face."I'm Vanessa, and you're Cassie." She introduced herself."I am." I nodded, walking over to her.It was a strange situation I suddenly found myself in. The corridor was abandoned, and it was just me and this girl. By ourselves."You are beautiful." Vanessa said, holding eye contact with me.I blinked."You think I'm beautiful?" I asked, my cheeks growing hot."I do." Vanessa nodded."I'm sorry, I don't think I've seen you around before." I smiled sheepishly at her."That's okay. You've had a busy few years." Her laugh was sweet to hear."Yeah, yeah I have." I walked over to her, laughing with her."So tell me. I haven't seen it for myself, but I have heard about it. You have a scar on your arm." She pushed herself off the wall and placed herself right in front of me.Vanessa had a few inches on me, and she was already developing so her breasts were only centimeters away from mine and it was all I could focus on not looking at them."Yeah. It's from my first year." I held my arm out and changed my light skin arm to show the black flames."Wicked!" Vanessa breathed.She put her hand on my arm and traced the flames. I got goosebumps from her touching me."Does it hurt?" Vanessa asked, caressing my arm and lacing her fingers in my hand when she reached my wrist."Only when I forget to recast my charm." I didn't mean for my voice to whisper.Vanessa smirked at me.She pushed her body against me, and I froze. I didn't know what to do."You're cute when you're flustered." Vanessa whispered.I don't think I was breathing.Vanessa giggled and kissed my cheek before backing off.I cleared my throat and pushed myself off the wall, giving us space."If you're interested, meet me here after dinner. There's a room we can go in for some privacy." Vanessa winked and I watched her walk away.I patted my cheeks and tried to gain my composure back as I walked towards the Great Hall."Cassie, are you alright?" Harry asked.I was staring at the Ravenclaw table. Vanessa had her back to me, but I'm pretty sure she could feel my eyes on her back."Yeah, I'm fine." I said quickly."Cassie, I'm sorry about…" Harry trailed off."Harry, don't be sorry. If I could write to him, I would." I tore my eyes off Vanessa and looked into Harry's emerald eyes."Why don't you?" Ron asked, his mouth full of food."Because -" Hermione and I started.I put a hand on Hermione's shoulder."I got this." I said to her.Hermione flushed but went back to eating."Think about it for a second, from an outsider's point of view. I am Sirius's kid. Sirius is on the run. He is accused of being a supporter of Voldemort." I ignored Ron and Hermione's shiver. "If you were looking at trying to catch Sirius, wouldn't you want to watch my mail?" I asked.Ron took a minute to think about it, chewing thoughtfully."Yeah, I would. Because it's believed that Sirius killed Harry's parents, and obviously he wouldn't be in contact with Sirius." Ron answered."Very good." I smiled at him."I'm sorry." Ron said looking at me."For what?" I asked, confused."That you don't have anyone to talk to. Yeah you live with the Malfoy's and you're teaching Malfoy to be nicer, but you can't really talk to his mom. And I don't think you're talking to the lady from the orphanage, and my mum -" Ron cut himself off."She'll come around, eventually." I reached over and patted his arm.After dinner, I told Harry and Ron that I was going to meet up with some people and answer some Transfiguration questions."Why don't they go to the library?" Ron asked."These are the first years I told them they could find me if they need anything." I pointed at Ron."Oh, well good luck." Ron said.Harry and Ron waved and I waited until they were gone before going back to the seventh floor where I met Vanessa."I was wondering if you were going to come." Vanessa smiled coyly when she saw me."I was too." I said.Vanessa held her hand out for me. I hesitated."I won't bite you." She said calmly."I know." I said.I took her hand."We're going to pace three times across this wall. Think of where you want to go as you do." Vanessa said."Do they have to be the same reason?" I asked."Yes." She nodded.We walked three times across the corridor.'I want a place to get some privacy. I want a place to get some privacy. I want a place to get some privacy.'"Huh it didn't show up." Vanessa said.I turned with her to face the wall."What didn't?" I asked."The Room of Requirement. That's okay, we can go into an empty classroom instead." She shrugged and took my hand.I got the butterflies and I'm pretty sure my hair turned pink from embarrassment."I like that you're a metamorphmagus." Vanessa said, admiring my hair."Th - Thank you." I stuttered.No one had complimented me for my ability before. Mr. Malfoy just commented about how it made me a pure-blood which makes me roll my eyes every time I think about it."So tell me, what's it like being friends with The Harry Potter?" Vanessa asked as she led me into an empty classroom."He's just Harry to me. I didn't know he was famous until after we had met on the train our first year." I shrugged as we sat in chairs facing each other."I can't imagine him as 'Just Harry'. He's always been Harry Potter." Vanessa giggled.I laughed with her."So tell me, before I put myself too far out there." Vanessa suddenly got serious.I blushed harder as she pushed herself forward and I got a really good look at her eyes.They were a dark brown with flecks of green just around her pupil. They were beautiful."What is it?" My voice was quiet."Do you like me?" She asked.I blinked at that."Vanessa, that's not a fair question." I pushed her away from my space so that I could think clearly."You're right, sorry. I meant, do you like girls." She emphasized girls.I took a moment to think about that.I had a crush on Christensen, but after what she did to me last year at the Halloween feast I didn't want to interact with her if I could avoid it.I did go out with George for a while there, but he didn't like what I had done with Gertrude when I turned eleven.And now there's Vanessa. Beautiful redhead, hazel eyes, Vanessa."I don't know." I admitted.Vanessa blinked and slowly nodded her head."I had a crush on a girl in the Slytherin house, but she did something to me last year and now I don't like her. I did date George Weasley for a bit, but I told him something and he didn't like it. And now there's you. You're the only one who has expressed an interest in me. I've been so focused on my adventures with Harry that I've never really gone out of my way to explore romantic things." I explained.Vanessa nodded in understanding."What did the girl do?" Vanessa asked."She gave me the 'Metamorphasis Magigas' potion and the 'toast' we did was clearly facetious." I answered.Vanessa nodded and sat back in her chair."Right now, I know I only like you because you like me. And that's not fair to you." I said quickly when I saw the flash of hurt on her face."I want to like you." I said, reaching a hand to gesture to her.She nodded again."Please stop letting me talk. I feel like I'm digging myself into a hole." I chuckled nervously.Vanessa just stared at me. I stared back at her, getting more anxious."Look, if you're upset then you're not going to like me any longer. I don't play games and I only lie when I feel it's absolutely necessary." I stood up."It's not fair of you to get mad at me because you've liked me for however long and you expect me to like you for the same amount of time. I just met you!" I said and left the classroom.Vanessa didn't follow me and so I angrily walked up to Gryffindor Tower."Cassie?" Hermione asked when I entered the common room.My friends were sitting at a table in a corner."Hi." I said, my voice curt as I sat down, crossing my arms."What did the first years do?" Harry asked, putting his quill down.I had to think for a moment, I had forgotten that I had lied about what I was doing to Ron and Harry.I looked around to make sure no one was listening to our conversation."Okay. Guys, Hermione." I nodded to them all individually."Cassie, spit it out." Ron rolled his eyes.I chewed on my lip.Out of all of my friends, Ron was the most judgemental. And he didn't mean to be. He was raised in the wizarding world and they had different views on things, like werewolves and blood statuses."Look. I lied about the first years." I admitted that first."Cassie!" Hermione scolded."I know. I know. I shouldn't lie to you guys." I rolled my eyes."So where were you really?" Harry asked.Out of the three of them, Harry would be the most accepting. But if Ron reacted to my news badly, then Harry would be on his side. And I was okay with that. Harry could convince him that I'm still Cassie."I was with a Ravenclaw." I admitted."Why would that -" Ron started."Girl." I interrupted him.Harry blinked at me, clearly not understanding. Hermione though, she did. Her eyes widened and her jaw dropped. Ron started scoffing at me."So you were with someone else, who cares?" Ron asked."She had a crush on me." I said slowly, turning to look at Ron.That got him to stop."Cassie, what did you do?" Harry asked."I didn't know who she was before she started talking to me this morning." I answered."Cassie, I thought you liked George?" Hermione asked, confused."I did, but I also had a crush on… on a girl our first and second year." I admitted to them, my voice getting quieter.Ron and Harry blinked at me a couple of times. Hermione started to look horrified.We all sat there for a few seconds before I turned to Hermione."It wasn't you. I see you as my sister and nothing more." I told her.She still looked horrified but it lessened a little bit."I don't understand." Harry said."That's okay. The only way I can explain it is that I like both boys and girls." I explained patiently.Ron had seemed to be frozen, he wasn't processing anything I had said."I let you -" Hermione whispered."Hermione. You are my sister. Nothing more." I told her."So what happened with this girl?" Harry asked.I was relieved he asked me that question."She wanted to get to know me better. But she asked me if I liked girls, and I told her about this one girl who I did have a crush on but I don't anymore. And then I messed up by saying, 'I know that I like you because you like me and that's not fair to you.' And she got mad at me!" I sighed.Ron had finally caught up with the conversation."But it's not fair to her!" He chimed in."I know! I don't know why she got mad at me for being honest!" I said."I don't know. Girls are weird." Ron said, shaking his head."I agree." I nodded.Well, it's out now. I want to apologize right now if I don't write her sexual orientation 'correctly'. My family is very open about that kind of thing and I've always stopped being friends with people who were homophobic. I will try my best to write her orientation as well as I can, but I don't make promises that it'll be the best writing. I'm sorry!Also. Due to J.K. Rowling's recent tweets and views, I'm NOT going to stop writing. Just because I don't agree with what her views are does not mean I'm going to stop writing. She gave us a wonderful story and for me, I'm writing my own version of it. I don't want us to look at this and think 'Oh we should stop writing/reading/supporting this' I don't want that. I'm going to keep writing, and I hope you'll keep reading not just mine but all of the fanfictions because WE are now Harry Potter.Shout out to clubamerica . 1009 for adding 'The Treasured Prisoner of Azkaban to your favorite's list!Shout out to lilyluna633 for adding me to your following and favorite list!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: I have so many ideas of how they could spend time together, but it would be bad writing if I wrote them out the way I think about them since the timeline and all doesn't match up. But don't worry! They will get to spend time together!Awritingbookworm: Thank you! I figured Cassie would have an advantage over that seeing as she is a seer but I digress. I did have fun writing that scene. I was giggling as I wrote it and my boyfriend was looking at me funny so I gave him a synopsis for it and he even laughed.

Chapter 15 Struggles within MyselfHermione was still struggling with what I had told her. I was struggling with it too. Did I actually like girls? I didn't know seeing as I've never been with one. I didn't even know if it was normal to like both genders.I didn't have anyone to talk to about it."Hey, is that her?" Harry nudged me.He was pointing at the Ravenclaw table. I looked over and saw that Vanessa had her back to me, but one of her friends was glaring at me."No. I'm not going to tell you who it is. She's going to have to get over it." I said and went back to eating my breakfast."I think you need to be careful when you're not around us." Harry murmured to me."I will be." I nodded to him.A couple of days had gone by and I was in the library with Draco.I had just told him what I had already told my friends about me and what happened with Vanessa."It's not that uncommon." He said to me."What?!" I gasped."Shh!" Madam Pince hissed at me."You are bisexual. You like both genders, and that's normal. Though marrying the same gender is still frowned upon, it's not unusual to mess around with them." Draco said as he checked his books he was looking up.He sounded like he was bored with the conversation."Okay, it's normal. So what do I do about the girl?" I asked."Well, do you like her?" Draco asked.I was not expecting him to be the most understanding and accepting out of everyone."No. She got upset when I told her I didn't like her and I wanted to." I said, holding both of my hands out for the books he had."Then don't worry about her. If she hexes you, then you know I'll have your back." He said in a matter of fact tone.I chewed on my lip as he led the way to his table.He was helping me with our Defense Against the Dark Arts essay about the three Unforgivable Curses Moody had given us.I didn't like Moody, but I couldn't tell if it's because I don't like the way he is, or if it was one of my funny feelings."How are the Slytherin's treating you?" I asked, pulling my essay to me."Normal. They won't dare to try to make a move against me. Being a Malfoy has its perks." Draco answered.I reached a hand forward and took his."If they're giving you problems, you know I have your back." I squeezed his hand.He gave me a single nod."Hey! Black!" Someone called out from behind me.I turned around. The brunette who was glaring at me from the Ravenclaw table was stomping her way over to me."It's Zwart." I said, keeping my voice even."I don't care." She snarled as she got closer."Take one more step and I will hex you." I said.She stopped where she stood and took out her own wand."You hurt Vanessa's feelings!" She hissed at me."I know! And I feel terrible!" I rolled my eyes.The girl blinked."You do?" She asked, not wanting to believe it."I do! This beautiful girl shows an interest in me and I don't know how to react! So I thought the truth would be the best way to go. I didn't know who she was and the only reason why I liked her was because I knew she liked me! Tell me, how is that fair to Vanessa?" I explained to the girl.She tapped her wand against her leg, looking at me.I gave her a few moments to think about it."She said you didn't know who she was." The brunette finally said after I started to shuffle on my feet."I didn't, I admitted that." I nodded, showing the girl I was putting my wand away.She didn't put hers away so I kept my wand hand free."That's what broke her heart." The girl said."If she's upset that I didn't know who she was then she needs to pull her head out of her ass. I don't know half the school!" I rolled my eyes so hard, my head fell back a little.The girl didn't say anything to me."I'm going to go back to my common room. I'll see you around." I said and cautiously turned my back on her.The brunette watched Cassie walk away. Her hands shaking with anger.Cassie had made a point. How was it fair to Vanessa when Cassie admitted she only had feelings because Vanessa had said she had feelings?She had turned around and froze in fear."The next time you threaten my cousin, I won't let it slide." Draco Malfoy was standing in front of her with his arms crossed.He had his two cronies on either side and they were cracking their knuckles."Y - you won't do anything to me." The girl tried to seem defiant."I won't. No." Draco nodded. "But she can." He stepped aside.Pansy Parkinson was glaring and clearly unhappy with the situation.The girl made a squeak of fear and ran past them.She couldn't take on four people, even if they were all a year younger than her.I waited until the girl's footsteps faded before turning around the corridor."How did I know?" I smirked at my cousin.He flushed when he saw me."I am not standing up for you ever again." Pansy hissed at me.I walked over to Draco with a smile."Everyone needs to know you're my cousin." Draco tried to explain himself."It's okay. I appreciate it." I said and kissed Draco on the cheek.He flushed a deeper red."Now you all need to get to your common room before curfew." I said and made a shooing motion to them."Good night, everyone." I bid them.In hindsight, I could have just attached this chapter to the last chapter... That's okay though! Here's a little filler chapter before we get to the good stuff!Also! Sorry this is so late! My boyfriend and I were preparing for the next two weeks and for the Fourth of July celebration. (Grocery shopping and getting refreshments) but here you go!Shout out to The TimeKeeper's Screwdriver for adding this story to your follow and favorite's list!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins, Awritingbookworm, and The TimeKeeper's Screwdriver for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: Don't you worry about Vanessa. For now. LOL And we'll keep George and Fred under lock and key for the time being. They'll come out eventually.Awritingbookworm: Hermione will eventually accept her yes. But she's got to go through her logical tracks first because that's just how Hermione is.The TimeKeeper's Screwdriver: The whole thing? In one day!? Awe!

Chapter 16 Rambunctious Creatures"What do you mean, Malfoy?" Ron asked at breakfast."Draco helped with the situation I was in." I explained again."Malfoy helped?" Ron asked again."Yes! I've told you he wants -"I was surprised when something was dropped next to me."Mother sent us some sweets." Draco said and sat next to me, making a point not to look at anyone except for me."Oh how nice!" I said as Draco and I started to split the sweets between us."Hello." Hermione greeted Draco.Draco looked up at her.I nudged him kindly in the ribs."Hello - Granger." He said her name slowly.It was his first time saying her name without malice, or distaste.Ron and Harry both nodded to him, and he nodded back.Draco and I continued our sweet separation."Ron, would you like any?" I offered him some from my stash.He stared at them with suspicion.Without any practice, both Draco and I opened our sweets of choice and took a bite out of them.Ron nodded and slowly took one from my pile. I watched him as he sniffed it at first and then took a bite out of it."It's good." He said to Draco.Draco nodded and stole a piece of bacon off my plate."Hey!" I playfully scolded.Breakfast did not end awkwardly. Ron even made sure to keep a watchful eye on Draco as he went on his way back to his table."He's trying." I said at Ron's shoulder.He gave a singular nod and we walked to Defense Against the Dark Arts."I still don't trust him." Ron finally said as we sat down."Clear the classroom! Except for your desk Finnigan, Thomas. Leave that one in the middle." Moody growled."Cassie?" Harry asked me as we moved a desk."I don't know." I shook my head.I didn't know what was coming next."I'm going to cast the Imperius Curse on you, and you're going to have to try to resist!" Moody growled, sounding happy."But - but you said it's illegal, Professor," Hermione said uncertainly. "You said - to use it against another human was -""Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like," Moody said, his magical eye swiveling to look at Hermione. "If you'd rather learn the hard way - when someone's putting it on you so they control you completely - fine by me. You're excused. Off you go.""We'll stay. She just wanted to clarify about the lesson." I laced my arm through Hermione's and pulled her into my side."This will be a good lesson." I whispered to her.Hermione looked at me incredulously."For later." I hissed at her.Her eyes widened and she nodded, her face flashing white."Alright -!" Moody growled."I want to go first!" I let go of Hermione.Everyone started to mutter when I stood in front of Moody."Hmph!" Moody growled eyeing me up and down."Zwart. Imperio!"I was floating. I couldn't see anything through the fog, yet I could see everyone staring at me.Dance for me… dance for me… dance for me…So I did. I put my hands over my head and executed a pirouette and several ballet moves.Do a handstand and walk on your hands.So I did.Then the fog lifted and I fell on the ground, a crumpled heap on the ground."Ow!" I said as Neville helped me off the ground."How did it feel Zwart?" Moody growled."Like my mind was in a cloud, but my body was attached to a string. But not at the same time. I couldn't control myself. The voice in my head told me what to do, and I… I wanted to obey it."I said that last part bitterly."Ten points for volunteering first. And another ten points because you were honest about it." Moody growled.I sat in the corner of the classroom after that, Dean was after me, and he hopped three times around the room. The students who had the Imperius Curse cast on them gathered on my end. I did get up and help Neville when he fell from doing his fantastic bout of gymnastics."Potter, you next." Moody growled.I watched Harry as he stood in the center of the room. Moody cast his curse.Harry's face relaxed. He had lost his worries and he looked happy.I hated why he looked like that.Harry bent his knees but nothing happened."What's happening?" Neville whispered to me."I think… I think he's resisting!" I whispered back.How could Harry be resisting an Unforgivable Curse?! He only encountered one and it -'Horcrux'I paused in my thoughts.'What's a horcrux? Where have I heard that before?' I thought to myself.I missed what happened but something crashed in the room.Harry was on the ground and clearly in pain."Now that's more like it!" Moody growled happily."Look at that, you lot… Potter fought! He fought it, and he damn near beat it! We'll try that again, Potter, and the rest of you, pay attention - watch his eyes, that's where you see it - very good, Potter, very good indeed! They'll have trouble controlling you!"Harry had to be put under the Imperius Curse a few more times until he was able to throw off the curse completely."The way he talks," Harry muttered as he put an arm around my shoulders.At one point Harry had tried a wrestling move on the desk and hurt his side so I was supporting him."You'd think we were all going to be attacked any second.""He's just trying to prepare us for later." I answered.Ron and Harry both looked at me."Cassie." Harry said and brought me closer to him.I appreciated the gesture and what comfort he was trying to offer me.Ron was skipping on every alternate step as we walked to Transfiguration."You know, it's no wonder they were glad to get shot of him at the Ministry. Did you hear him telling Seamus what he did to that witch who shouted 'Boo' behind him on April Fools' Day? And when are we supposed to read up on resisting the Imperius Curse with everything else we've got to do?" Ron asked."We'll figure it out. We always do." I balled my hand into a fist and nudged Ron's arm."You could start studying with me and watch how I stay on top of everything." Hermione said from Ron's other side.I was looking through our Transfiguration book at our homework assignments for the next couple of weeks."You are now entering a most important phase of your magical education!" McGonagall told us, her eyes flashing dangerously at the groan everyone made."We don't take O.W.L.s till fifth year!" Dean said indignantly."Maybe not, Thomas, but believe me, you need all the preparation you can get! Miss Granger and Miss Zwart remain the only persons in this class who have managed to turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pincushion. I might remind you that your pincushion, Thomas, still curls up in fright if anyone approaches it with a pin!"Hermione and I both flushed.Transfiguration was the easiest of the classes I have. I had to concentrate with the rest of my classes and pay attention to what I had to do next. I wasn't naturally good at my classes like Hermione was, I just made the extra effort to try and get good marks for myself."How do you do it?" Harry asked as he, Ron and I went to Divination and Hermione went to Arithmancy."I think it's just natural talent." I said as I changed my hair from Draco's shade of blonde to a yellow blonde then back."Right." Harry nodded."You're naturally good at Defense Against the Dark Arts!" I said trying to make him feel better."And Ron, school doesn't mean you're terrible at something. You're naturally good at chess!" I reminded him.I showed him my tattoo that was flashing brightly.Ron flushed but had a smile on his face as we sat at our table.Trelawney praised our homework assignments and even read from them. Harry and Ron were amused at first, but when asked to do it again for the next month they started grumbling to me."We'll just twist some things around from what we've already been through." I whispered as I pulled out a piece of parchment.I wrote down what we went through in our first year and made a dash to remind myself to change it."That's actually really smart!" Ron whispered to me.For Care of Magical Creatures, the skrewts had gotten so big. Which no one could figure out how since we didn't even get a chance to solve what they eat. Hagrid had suggested that we come down to the hut on alternate evenings.I was working with Draco this time when Hagrid made this announcement."I will not," Draco told me flatly. "I see enough of these foul things during lessons, thanks.""It's part of the grade." I told him.I noticed Hagrid's vast presence behind me."Yeh'll do wha' yer told," Hagrid growled above me.Draco glared at Hagrid over my head."I'll team up with Draco and a few other students and we'll come down." I said, looking up at Hagrid.Hagrid nodded but kept his eyes on Draco as he moved on."There's something odd about that man." Draco whispered to me."Yeah, he's bigger than the average person. He's got extra magic in his bones, just like me. His magic is just shown differently." I whispered back.Draco rolled his eyes but turned back to his paper.He had neatly written down everything about the skrewts. He had written down so much information that I made it obvious that I wanted to see it. He let me take it."Draco. If you hate Care of Magical Creatures so much, why aren't you taking something else?" I asked.I was impressed with all of the information on the parchment. He had portions dedicated to what the skrewts were eating. There were marks next to all of the different foods we had tried, and down the parchment there were measurements of the skrewts growth. He had written things down that I would have never thought to write down."It's an easy pass." He admitted to me.Looking at his information he had gathered, I could see why.I looked at my parchment and compared it to his."You have so much potential!" I said, looking up at him.He flushed and took his parchment away from me.I was walking with my arms linked with Draco."When do you think the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students will be here?" I asked him."Do you not know?" Draco asked, keeping his voice quiet."No." I shook my head.We made it to the Entrance Hall and were met with a crowd of students."There's your answer." Draco nodded to the notice board."What does it say?" I asked, standing on my toes to look at it."Triwizard Tournament: The delegations from Beauxbatons and and Durmstrang will be arriving at 6 o'clock on Friday the 30th of October. Lessons will end half an hour early -""Brilliant!" Harry interrupted Draco. "It's Potions last thing on Friday! Snape won't have time to poison us all!""Students will return their bags and books to their dormitories and assemble in front of the castle to greet our guests before the Welcoming Feast." Draco finished."That's exciting!" I smiled up to Draco."It is." Draco nodded and smiled down at me."Who do you hope will be the Hogwarts Champion?" Harry asked Draco.Draco blinked a couple of times before answering."A Slytherin, obviously." He answered.Harry blinked then nodded."I hope it's a Gryffindor, but that could just be us being loyal to our houses." Harry said, trying to keep the peace."That… that could be it." Draco nodded in agreement."What do you think Cassie?" Ron turned to me.I flushed."Cassie!" Ron hissed at me."Do you know who it's going to be?" Draco asked me, his tone excited as well.I slapped his chest, feeling horrified."Sorry! Sorry!" Draco said, putting a hand to where I had just slapped."But seriously, Cassie. Do you know who the Hogwarts Champion is going to be?" Harry asked."I don't know. But I know who it could be." I said, keeping my voice low."Only a week away!" Ernie Macmillian from Hufflepuff said, emerging next to us. "I wonder if Cedric knows? Think I'll go and tell him…""Cedric?" Ron asked, turning to us."Diggory." Harry and I answered in unison."He must be entering the tournament." Harry finished."How do you know Diggory?" Draco asked me."He offered me his shoes our first year." I said."And he won against Gryffindor last year." Harry added.Draco flushed at the mention of last year."That idiot, Hogwarts champion?" Ron asked as we pushed through the crowd."He's not an idiot. You just don't like him because he beat Gryffindor at Quidditch." Hermione interjected. "I've heard he's a really good student - and he's a prefect.""You only like him because he's handsome." Ron said scathingly.Draco looked between Ron and Hermione. Something dawned on his face and he looked at me."We're not talking about it." I whispered in his ear.I winked at him as he nodded a slight smile on his face."Excuse me, I don't like people just because they're handsome!" Hermione said.Ron gave a cough, and it sounded like "Lockhart!"Draco even let out a laugh at that."See you at dinner!" I pulled Draco down so that I could kiss his cheek.He held his hand out for Harry, who shook it with only a moment of hesitation. Ron, however, didn't shake Draco's hand.Draco did nod to him and to Hermione before going to his common room.During the week, the teachers were getting tense. We were performing a Switching Spell in Transfiguration and Hermione and I had mastered it. Neville had managed to put his ear on the cactus in front of him though."Longbottom, kindly do not reveal that you can't even perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durmstrang!" McGonagall barked at him."That was unnecessary!" Hermione whispered to me."I agree." I said as I switched one of my cactus arms for Hermione's rose head.On the thirtieth of October, I walked down for breakfast and was shocked by the change.Someone had decorated the Great Hall with banners. The house colors were hanging over the tables. I was impressed with the banner behind the teachers table.It had all of the representatives of the houses. The lion, eagle, badger, and snake with their colors behind a large letter H."They're really trying to make this place look good for our guests." I commented as we sat down next to George and Fred.They hadn't gotten back to me about my offer, and I wasn't going to pressure them."It's a bummer, all right," George was saying as we sat down. "But if he won't talk to us in person, we'll have to send him the letter after all. Or we'll stuff it into his hand. He can't avoid us forever.""Who's avoiding you?" Ron asked, sitting down next to them."Wish you would." Fred looked irritated at us intruding on them."What's a bummer?" Ron asked George.I reached across the table and grabbed George's hand.He gave a start and looked at me."He'll be here tonight. You can talk to him then." I said."How do you know?" George turned his hand around to hold it.I pulled it away from him, not wanting to give him the wrong idea."I just do." I said.Harry took over the conversation."You two got any ideas on the Triwizard Tournament yet? Thought any more about trying to enter?" Harry asked."I asked McGonagall how the champions are chosen but she wasn't telling," George said, bitterness in his tone. "She just told me to shut up and get on with transfiguring my raccoon."I opened my mouth, but I was able to mask it by shoving a piece of bacon into my mouth.Harry caught the moment but didn't say anything. He just raised an eyebrow at me, so I winked at him."Wonder what the tasks are going to be?" Ron said thoughtfully. "You know, I bet we could do them Harry. We've done dangerous stuff before…""Not in front of a panel of judges, you haven't," Fred said. "McGonagall says the champions get awarded points according to how well they've done the tasks.""We got awarded for our 'tasks'." I shared a smile with Harry and Ron.Hermione flushed.She was still struggling with what I told her earlier that month about me, but when we were in moments like this. She forgot until she remembered."Who are the judges?" Harry asked."Well, the Heads of the participating schools are always on the panel because all three of them were injured during the Triwizard Tournament of 1792, when a cockatrice the champions were supposed to be catching went on a rampage." Hermione spoke up.Everyone turned to look at her in surprise."Yes, you're the only one to read Hogwarts, A History." I answered the obvious question Hermione was about to ask."Of course, that book's not entirely reliable. A Revised History of Hogwarts would be a more accurate title. Or A Highly Biased and Selective History of Hogwarts, Which Glosses Over the Nastier Aspects of the School."I rolled my eyes."What are you on about?" Ron asked incredulously."House-elves." Hermione and I answered together."How do you know things before they're said?" George asked me in an accusatory tone."She's been on the house-elf thing since the beginning of the school year, that's not going away anytime soon." I answered."Oh." George turned away sheepishly."Not once, in over a thousand pages, does Hogwarts A History mention that we are all colluding in the oppression of a hundred slaves!" Hermione didn't acknowledge what happened between me and George."You do realize that your sheets are changed, your fires lit, your classrooms cleaned, and your food cooked by a group of magical creatures who are unpaid and enslaved!" She continued fiercely.George finally looked away from me and turned to Hermione."Listen, have you ever been down to the kitchens, Hermione?" George asked."No, of course not," Hermione answered curtly. "I hardly think students are supposed to -""Well, we have," George indicated himself and Fred, "loads of times, to nick food. And we've met them, and they're happy. They think they've got the best job in the world -""That's because they're uneducated and brainwashed!" Hermione snapped hotly.Whatever she had to say next was lost in the sudden fluttering of wings. Harry and I both looked up.Hedwig had flown in with Barnabas right behind her.Barnabas landed on my shoulder and I offered some of my egg on a spoon for him."Hello!" I cooed."Hello Hedwig!" Harry greeted his owl.Harry read out Sirius's reply in a whisper to us."Nice try, Harry,I'm back in the country and well hidden. I want you to keep me posted on everything that's going on at Hogwarts. Don't use Hedwig, keep changing owls, and don't worry about me, just watch out for yourself. Don't forget what I said about your scar. Tell Cassie I send my regards.Sirius.""Why d'you have to keep changing owls?" Ron asked."Look around, do you see any other snowy owls?" I gestured around.Ron looked around before shaking his head."She stands out. And if Hedwig goes out too often, people are going to wonder who Harry's in contact with. It's just a safety precaution." I explained as Hedwig looked around with eyes sleepy looking."Thanks, Hedwig." Harry turned to Hedwig.She dipped her beak into Harry's goblet of orange juice and then took off.Barnabas nibbled at my ear and flew after Hedwig.I was lost in the day. No one was paying much attention to their lessons due to the coming schools. Potions was even more bearable. Draco was able to help me with my antidote that Snape was expecting to be perfect."Thank you!" I said to him as I struggled with getting the color right."You're not waiting long enough in between ingredients. You're throwing them in at once and you need to wait at least thirty seconds before adding the next thing." Draco explained as he shook his head at my cauldron.I grinned sheepishly at him as Snape dismissed us from the class."See you at dinner!" I said to Draco and rushed after my friends to Gryffindor tower."Hey guys, I'm going to go to Hagrid's." I said as we left the common room."But you can't! We all have to be there to greet the other schools!" Hermione gasped."You can go. I'm going to Hagrid's to help with the Skrewts. I just have a feeling." I said and quickly split away from them."Ah! Miss Zwart!" I heard McGonagall's voice."No time! Gotta go!" I rushed out of the castle and towards Hagrid's hut."Where is she going?" McGonagall turned to Harry, Ron and Hermione, her voice shrill."She said something about Hagrid." Harry shrugged, watching as Cassie's blonde hair ran across the grounds."That girl." McGonagall hissed before turning back to the students."Hagrid!" I said just as I watched Hagrid struggling with a skrewt."Cassie! C'mere an' help me fer a second!" Hagrid called me.He and I worked to corral the bigger skrewts into separate pens."What are yeh doin' here, Cassie?" Hagrid asked as we threw scraps of different food into the pens."I had a feeling you needed help. I know I should have been there to greet the other schools, but they're not going to miss one student." I answered as I tried to scrub some mud off my uniform."Aye, well thank yeh for comin' to help me." Hagrid patted my back as we walked back to the castle."Of cou-. Are those Pegasi?" I pointed at the newest creatures."They are! They must be the Abraxan breed. The Beauxbatons transportation." Hagrid answered."Hagrid. Dumbledore wanted to let you know, they only drink single malt whiskey." Filch's slimy voice said.I didn't see him at first, standing next to the carriage."Thank yeh, Argus." Hagrid nodded to the caretaker.Filch nodded to him, glared at me, and walked into the castle."I know yeh mus' be hungry, Cassie. Bu' could yeh help me with them?" Hagrid asked me."Of course!" I said in excitement.It was a different kind of learning experience for me. The Abraxan's needed a firm hand and were so much bigger than your average unicorn.By the time they were fed and had full troughs of whiskey, I was starving."Yeh won' have time ter clean up. Sorry." Hagrid said sheepishly as we walked into the castle."I'm not worried about it." I smiled up at him."I'll give yeh twenty points for helping me ou'." Hagrid said to me."Really? Thank you!" I said in delight."Yeh're welcome!" Hagrid laughed as he led the way.We walked around into a passage that led to the side door by the teachers table."Here we go!" Hagrid said as he opened the door.They had started eating and I had a lot of stares when I walked in with Hagrid."Thank yeh fer helping me, now go eat!" Hagrid waved me off."I will. Bye!" I said as I walked around the table."Cassie!" Draco's voice called.I looked at the Slytherin table and Draco waved me over.The tables had expanded to fit in our extra guests. The people eating with the Slytherins had blood red robes on."Hello!" I said as I walked up to Draco.Several of the young men had stood up when I joined them."Oh, thank you!" I was surprised when a familiar man offered me his seat."Vhere vere you just now?" He had a thick Bulgarian accent."That man is our Care of Magical Creatures teacher. He needed some help with some creatures and I volunteered." I answered with a smile."Why are you dirty?" Draco asked, looking at my robes."They're rambunctious." I said giving Draco a look."How rude of me, I haven't introduced myself." The man said next to me."I haven't either. I'm Cassie Zwart." I held my hand out for him."Viktor Krum." He said and went back to eating.The name was familiar to me but I couldn't remember where I heard it."Welcome to Hogwarts." I smiled and turned to Draco who was looking between me and Viktor."Cassie, I am Nickolay. Vill you be eating vith us?" Another young man asked from across from me."Uh." I looked around the table.Most of the Slytherins were glaring at me, and several people from other houses were glaring at me."Can I?" I looked at Draco."I don't see why not." Draco shrugged.I was handed a plate and started to eat with the students from Durmstrang."I think I'll go back to my table for pudding." I told Draco.He nodded and turned back to Gregory who was sitting next to him."Cassie, vhat house are you in?" Nickolay asked me.He had dark brown hair that was curly. His eyes were almost just as dark as his hair."I'm in Gryffindor." I answered."Gryffindor and Slytherin are rivals, yes?" Nickolay asked in confusion."We are, yes." I nodded. "Draco and I are cousins though." I elaborated."Ah!" Nickolay lit up when I said that."What is Durmstrang like?" I asked.All of the Durmstrang students looked at each other."If you're not allowed to answer that's okay." I said quickly."Ve are not allowed to talk about it. Our location is a secret to anyone vho does not go to Durmstrang." Nickolay answered."That makes sense." I said as I took a drink of my water."Cassie! Show them what you can do!" Draco suddenly said next to me."I'm sorry?" I looked at him.Did he want me to tell them I am a Seer? Is he mental?"What you can do!" Draco tugged on my blonde hair."Oh!" I nodded, feeling stupid."Vhat can you do, Cassie?" Nickolay asked me.I looked at him and changed my hair to the pink I used to have when I was younger."Oh!" There were several cries of delight as I changed it back to Draco's shade of blonde."You are a metamorvmagus?" Nickolay asked in delight."I am!" I nodded."Vonderful!" His face started to light up more, if that was possible.I wasn't liking how Draco was using that to boost his standing with the newcomers."Nickolay, Viktor, it was a pleasure meeting you. I'm going to go back to my table." I said and stood up."Must you?" Draco asked."I want too." I said, keeping my voice curt as I put my hand on his shoulder.Something flashed in his eyes and he knew he had done something wrong."I vill escort you." Nickolay stood up."Thank you, Nickolay." I smiled at him.I patted Viktor's shoulder and he gave me a nod and went back to eating."You are not interested in Viktor?" Nickolay asked as we walked to the Gryffindor table."I just met him, and he doesn't seem like one to want attention." I shrugged."Do you not know who he is?" Nickolay asked in confusion."Am I supposed to?" I asked in equal confusion.Nickolay didn't know how to respond to that."Thank you for escorting me to my table. Would you like to join us for pudding?" I gestured to the empty seat I was going to take next to Ron.Ron was looking like he was about to explode, he was dancing in his seat."Thank you, Cassie. I think I vill stay with my fellows for the night." Nickolay took my hand and kissed my knuckles.My cheeks flushed and my hair started to pink.Nickolay smiled at that and walked back to the Slytherin table."DOYOUKNOWWHOYOUWERESITTINGNEXTTO?" Ron finally exploded."What?" I asked, not catching what he had said."Do you know who that was?" Harry turned around and pointed at Viktor."That's Viktor Krum. He's a quiet fellow, I don't think he likes attention. Much like someone I know." I looked at Harry."Viktor Krum! Here!" Ron said, just looking plain excited."What's so special about -?" I didn't finish my question."The Quidditch player!" I whispered."Now you get it!" Ron slapped my back."I'm an idiot." I said looking at Harry who nodded with a laugh.This was a super long chapter! Oh goodness, I didn't realize how long this chapter was until I saw the number count. 5,005 words for the chapter itself. I'm not going to count my little authors note here.Shout out to thegrangergirl for adding me to your favorite and following list!Shout out to Eeyordessa for adding this story to your favorite and following list!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: That's okay, you're not supposed to vibe with Vanessa. I'm just trying to get more interactions with Cassie outside of the Trio and that's what comes out of my fingertips.Awritingbookworm: Yeah. I wanted to show that their relationship has grown that much. And Pansy didn't get enough screen time in the movies in my opinion soooo keep on the look out for her. As for Hamilton, my boyfriend and I watched it together. I'm particular about my musicals. If it's just song after song after song, like Les Mis, then I just can't handle it. My sister and I grew up watching Cats the Broadway Musical so I knew that story because it was always on. I enjoy musicals like Sweeney Todd (not because it has Johnny Depp) and Into the Woods because there are speaking parts in it that are in between songs. Hamilton was great, I understood the story but I had to rewatch it several times with subtitles to understand what was being said and that's the only reason why I didn't like it that much. If I can't get the story out of it the first time and I'm just confused about what happened it wasn't enjoyable. If you want to know, my FAVORITE musical is definitely Shrek: the Musical!

Chapter 17 Soul Crushing RealityRon wouldn't shut up about Viktor for the rest of the meal. Except for when he looked at a dish and moved a few inches to his right making sure a girl from Ravenclaw was looking at it."He's convinced she's part veela." Hermione whispered to me.She hasn't climbed into my bed since finding out that I was bisexual. I was a little hurt by it, but I understood where she was coming from."Have you noticed who joined us?" Hermione asked, pointing to the teacher's table.Ludo Bagman and another man had joined us at some point."I recognize Bagman, who's the other guy?" I asked."Barty Crouch." Ron answered."They're here because they organized the Triwizard Tournament." Hermione informed me."Makes sense, they probably want to see it start." I nodded as I finished the last of my dessert.When the plates had all been cleared Dumbledore stood up."The moment has come," he started. "The Triwizard Tournament is about to start. I would like to say a few words of explanation before we bring in the casket -""The what?" Harry muttered.Ron and I both shrugged."- just to clarify the procedure that we will be following this year. But first, let me introduce, for those who do not know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation" - there was a round of polite applause - "and Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports."There was a more enthusiastic round of applause for Bagman. He gave a jovial wave of his hand. Crouch didn't even acknowledge his applause."Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Triwizard Tournament," Dumbledore continued. "And they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and Madam Maxine on the panel that will judge the champions' efforts."There was a sudden tension in the room at the mention of the champions."The casket, then, if you please, Mr. Filch." Dumbledore gestured to the caretaker.Filch brought forward a wooden chest that was encrusted with jewels. The students started to murmur when they saw the chest."The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been examined by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman," Dumbledore explained. "And they have made the necessary arrangements for each challenge. There will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways… their magical prowess - their daring - their powers of deduction - and, of course, their ability to cope with danger."I had to remind myself to breathe."As you know, three champions compete in the tournament," Dumbledore continued calmly, "one from each of the participating schools. They will be marked on how well they perform each of the tournament tasks and the champion with the highest total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions will be chosen by an impartial selector:""The Goblet of Fire." I said with Dumbledore.Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at me sharply.Dumbledore took out his wand and tapped three times on the top of the casket. The lid creaked open so slowly, I started to get tense. When it fully opened Dumbledore pulled out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup. It would have been unremarkable, if it weren't for the dancing blue-white flames.The casket closed and Dumbledore put the goblet onto the casket, so that it was visible to everyone."Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet. Aspiring champions have twenty-four hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow night, Halloween, the goblet will return the names of the three it has judged most worthy to represent their schools. The goblet will be placed in the entrance hall tonight, where it will be freely accessible to all those wishing to compete."To ensure that no underage students yield to temptation, I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross this line."Dumbledore looked at me and then to the twins with a twinkle in his eye."I don't want to participate. I have enough scars on my body." I said quietly.That earned a chuckle from Harry who nodded in agreement."Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that this tournament is not to be entered lightly. Once a champion is chosen and has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obliged to see the tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the goblet constitutes a binding, magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you have become a champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are wholeheartedly prepared to play before you drop your name into the goblet. Now, I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all."Everyone stood up and Fred spoke up."An Age Line!" His eyes flashed. "Well, that should fool an Aging Potion, shouldn't it? And once your name's in that goblet, you're laughing - it can't tell whether you're seventeen or not!""But I don't think anyone under seventeen will stand a chance," Hermione spoke up, "we just haven't learned enough…""Speak for yourself," George said shortly. "You'll try and get in, won't you Harry?"My mouth opened on its own but I managed to get it faked into a yawn.'Harry will be one of the Hogwarts Champions.'"Cassie, are you alright?" Ron asked."I have to go. I'll meet you in the common room." I said and pushed my way back into the Great Hall."Cassie! I am glad I have found you!" Nickolay had popped out of the crowd.I stopped in my tracks and looked up at him.Nickolay looked to be sixteen years old, and now that I was paying attention to him. He was attractive, but something about him gave me the creeps."Hello, Nickolay." I smiled politely at him."I vanted to bid you goodnight." He smiled at me."Oh! Thank you! Goodnight, Nickolay." I told him."Goodnight, beautiful." He whispered to me.He took my hand and kissed my knuckles, holding eye contact with me.I pulled my hand away from him and continued towards Dumbledore."Miss Zwart, you should be heading to your common room." McGonagall told me sternly when I joined Dumbeldore and the Ministry workers."I know, but I must speak to Professor Dumbledore. It's urgent." I said.I looked at Dumbledore and I rubbed the corner of my right eye.Dumbledore nodded in understanding."I will meet you in my office, the password is Hershey Kisses." He told me."Thank you, Professor." I nodded and made my way out of the Great Hall again."Cassie!" Draco's voice called out to me."Draco!" I smiled at him."Did I do something wrong?" He asked immediately.I had to take a moment to remember what he was talking about."Oh!" I gave a start."When I told you to show your ability to them, you got cold." He crossed his arms and glared at me."There was no reason for you to say anything about it. The conversation wasn't in that area. Viktor Krum was sitting next to me and you got weird and had to show off. With me. I didn't like it." I explained."How do you not want to be noticed for what you can do?" Draco asked."I want to be noticed for my character. Not my appearance." I answered.Draco blinked at that."I think Nickolay may like me for what I can look like, not how I act." I admitted quietly.Draco didn't seem to understand."You're used to seeing this, right?" I gestured to my face."That's what you choose to look like." Draco said, confusion in his voice."Yes, but - try to put yourself in my shoes - someone likes me because of something else. Not for me." I put my hands to my chest.Draco's eyes widened."They like what you could do for them!" He whispered horrified."Exactly!" I nodded.He did something out of character.He pulled me in for a hug.I paused for a second and then wrapped my arms around him.Draco would know how I feel."I'm so sorry. I forgot you weren't like everyone else." He whispered in my ear.I tried to pull him tighter to me."It's okay! Just next time, let them find out for themselves." I said I pulled away from him."I will." He nodded and hugged me again."Okay, Draco. I have to go, I have to speak to Dumbledore in his office." I said, pulling away."Is everything okay?" Draco asked.I chewed on my lip."Can you tell me anything?" He asked, keeping his voice quiet."It's going to be more of a hint than the actual thing." I said to him."I'll take it." He said, crossing his arms.I chewed on my lip some more, pinching it painfully."It's not his doing." I finally said.Draco blinked in confusion."It's not his doing." He repeated."It's not his doing." I nodded.Draco shook his head at me."That doesn't make sense!" He said."Miss Zwart, I thought you would be in my office by now?" Dumbledore's soothing voice said a few feet away."Oh! Yes, I meant to be but Draco and I got caught up in talking." I said, turning to see Dumbledore with Moody behind him.Moody was holding the casket that had brought the Goblet of Fire in it.I froze.I had to look away from Moody and Dumbledore as everything fell into place, and my stomach formed a pit.Moody was going to put Harry's name in the Goblet of Fire. This isn't the real Moody. This is an imposter. This is the year Voldemort will be returning."I'm sorry Professor Dumbledore. I made a mistake. Draco, good night." I said and took off for my common room.I don't know how long it took me to get to it, but as soon as I got to the portrait I was told the password had changed during dinner.I didn't know the password.That broke me.I felt the prickle behind my eyes and sat on the ground."Why are you crying?" The Fat Lady asked me, clearly unsure of what to think of this.I shook my head at her and tried to keep my crying quiet."I'll let you in!" The Fat Lady said, trying to help me out.I shook my head and wiped my eyes, but the tears kept falling.The door opened."Princess!" George's voice was above me.George's arm wrapped around me and there was a little bit of effort on his part, but he lifted me up."I - I can walk." I stuttered out, trying to get out of his arms."Cassie, let me help you. Please." He kept his voice low.That didn't help me at all. What control I had over my tears was just gone."Come on, into the common room." George said and got me into the common room."Cassie!" I heard my friends."Harry!" I called out.I wrestled out of George's arms and found Harry's. I tucked my head into the crook of his neck and wrapped my arms around him and tried not to sob in his ear."What's wrong?" George sounded hurt.I didn't care. I didn't want George to comfort me. No one could comfort me, no one could understand what happened.And I couldn't tell anyone.Here we are...Cassie knows.Shout out to Pamela Hutchins for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: I debated moving chapters around to make more of them longer, but how some of them end I want you guys to wait a week to find out what happens next LOL.

Chapter 18 Consequences of Having 'More' Magic"Cassie, can't you give us a hint?" Ron was uncomfortable with my tears.I had finally let Harry go and he was sitting on my left side, Hermione on my right, and Ron was sitting on the table in front of the fire."I can't." My voice was quiet.I didn't trust myself not to start crying again. My hair had turned a somber grey.George and Fred were standing behind me, I could feel their presence. Fred was a comfort, but George, I couldn't understand what he wanted from me and I couldn't focus on that problem."It must be pretty big if it's got you crying." Hermione said, her hand was on my shoulder.I wanted to hold Harry's hand and squeeze it but with Hermione as smart as she is, I didn't want to clue her into anything."It is a really big thing." I nodded."What is she talking about?" George asked behind me.Ron looked at me before standing up and pacing."What 'big thing'?" Fred asked.I took a deep, shaky, inhale. Held it for five seconds, then exhaled.I stood up and looked at them."You cannot tell anyone what I'm about to tell you."'Too many people are going to know soon enough.' I thought bitterly."We're not making promises." George said.I knew he was joking, but before I could say anything, Ron came to my rescue."No. Guys, this is serious. Cassie didn't tell us until after Sirius Black escaped, and she's known about this for a solid year." Ron said from behind me.George and Fred both looked at each other." 'Ireland wins, but Bulgaria gets the Snitch.' " I quoted myself from the summer.It felt so long ago."That was a lucky guess." Fred and George looked at each other." 'Only those who are over the age of seventeen can participate.' " I looked at George for that one."That was easy to figure out!" George started to sound like he didn't believe himself." 'He'll be here tonight. You can talk to him then.' " I repeated myself from a couple days ago.Fred and George both looked at each other uneasily."Bagman took your bet for the Quidditch Cup. The one where I said how the win was going to happen. Fred, you heard me!" I turned to Fred. "You placed the bet taking the risk I may have been wrong." I was trying to keep my voice even, but it was still cracking."How did you know that?" Fred asked, his voice a different kind of quiet.I looked at Ron who nodded."I'm a Seer." I admitted to them.Fred and George both looked at each other, then me, then back to each other. They started to laugh."You? A Seer?" George managed to get out."You want to mend our relationship and try to get back together with me." I said in a deadpan voice.George stopped laughing and went pale. His freckles were popping off of his face."N - no!" He shook his head."Tell me I'm wrong." I looked at him.George started to look panicked. Fred looked alarmed at that news."You can't, because it's true. Now how would I know that?" I sighed."Cassie is giving you too much information. She can't tell anyone what she has seen." Hermione came to my rescue.Fred looked at Hermione in shock.Hermione, who believed in books and logic, who dropped Divination, saying that I am a Seer."Ca-" George started."We're -" I gestured between me and George, "- going to have to figure us out another time. Right now, you need to know I am a Seer, and there are things that I know that I cannot tell other people. And you cannot tell anyone about it!" I said, climbing over the couch and grabbing onto Fred's arm.I looked at George and grabbed his arm too."I get visions of the future and I just know what things are going to happen next. I don't have any control over it." I shook their arms.They both looked at each other and then back to me."You don't have to believe me. Draco had to watch me fall into a vision before he believed -""You can have visions?" Fred's voice was quiet."I can. I've had a few, but I mostly know what's going to happen a few hours before it happens. It's more of a spur of the moment thing." I answered.Fred and George looked at each other."I was crying because I can't tell anyone anything. It gets to be too much sometimes." I let them go and took a step back.Hermione pulled me towards her and put her arm around my shoulder."That - that's a lot." George said thoughtfully."Come on, Cassie. Let's go to bed." Hermione said and led me up the stairs."Good night." I said over my shoulder.Hermione managed to get me upstairs and into our new dormitory."Get into pajamas, and let's go to bed." Hermione said and opened my trunk for me.I nodded and changed out of the school uniform. When I had put my oversized t-shirt over I pulled out my journal and wrote down the moment I've had.'There will be four Hogwarts Champions.' I stared bitterly at the one sentence.I also added, 'too many people are going to know I'm a Seer.' And put three questions marks next to it.I would figure that one out another time.I put my journal in the nightstand next to my bed and transfigured the water glass on the stand into a false bottom. I put that on top of my journal and flung myself on to my bed.Ariel was already settled on my pillow, and I was surprised to see that Hermione had climbed into my bed with me."You say you see me as a sister, and I see you as one too." Was all she said as she turned onto her side.I fell asleep with a smile on my face. This was a huge gesture coming from Hermione, and I appreciated it.Hermione woke me up the next day."Come on, let's get some breakfast." She said as I wiped my eyes.I nodded and put on my clothes and followed her down the stairs.Harry and Ron were waiting for us in the common room."Feeling better?" Ron asked me as Harry put his arm around my shoulders."Only a little, I think I'll feel a lot better when I eat." I answered.They nodded as we walked to the Great Hall for breakfast.There were more people awake and eating this early.In the center of the entrance hall was the Goblet of Fire. In a perfect circle ten feet around it, was a gold line."Anyone put their name in yet?" Ron asked a third-year girl."All the Durmstrang lot," she answered. "But I haven't seen anyone from Hogwarts yet.""Bet some of them put it in last night after we'd all gone to be," Harry suggested. "I would've if it had been me… wouldn't have wanted everyone watching. What if the goblet just gobbed you right back out again?"I chuckled at the image I had in my head of Harry doing that.There was a laugh behind us and we turned around.George, Fred and Lee were hurrying down the stairs towards us."Done it!" Fred said in a triumphant whisper to all of us. "Just taken it.""What?" Ron asked."The Aging Potion." I answered."How'd you know that?" George asked."We talked about it last month, dung brains." I rolled my eyes at him."Oh. Right." George said sheepishly as I looked away from him."One drop each," Fred rubbed his hands together in glee. "We only need to be a few months older.""We're going to split the thousand Galleons between the three of us if one of us wins." Lee said, grinning broadly."I'm not sure this is going to work, you know," Hermione said in a warning tone. "I'm sure Dumbledore will have thought of this."The three older boys ignored her."Let them be idiots." I said to her."Ready?" Fred said to the other two. "C'mon then - I'll go first -"Fred pulled out a slip of parchment out of his pocket bearing the words 'Fred Weasley - Hogwarts'."This is going to be amazing." I whispered to Hermione.She huffed at me.Fred walked up to the line and rocked on his toes, almost like he was on the edge of a fifty-foot drop looking over a lake. Every single student had turned to watch him. I heard Fred take a deep breath, then step over the line."Did it -?" I started to ask.George let out a yell of triumph and jumped in after Fred."Nope!" I shook my head.There was a loud sizzling noise, and both Weasley twins were hurled out of the golden circle and away from the Goblet. They landed painfully on the ground, and with another loud popping noise, they sprouted glorious white beards.The hall erupted into laughter."I did warn you." An amused voice said.Dumbledore had come out of the Great Hall. His eyes were twinkling as he surveyed George and Fred."I suggest you both go up to Madam Pomfrey. She is already tending to Miss Fawcett, of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summers, of Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age themselves up a little too. Though I must say, neither of their beards is anything like as fine as yours."George and Fred proudly strutted to the Hospital Wing, Lee howling with laughter after them.Harry and Ron chortled as well as we headed into the Great Hall."Miss Zwart, if I may have a word?" Dumbledore called me.I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and opened them."Go on ahead guys." I said to my friends."Are you sure?" Harry asked when Ron started to walk in."Yeah, I'll be a minute." I smiled at him and turned around.I walked over to Dumbledore whose eyes were still twinkling."Good morning, Professor." I greeted him."Good morning," He nodded to me and looked around us."What was it you wanted to tell me last night?" He asked when he made sure no one was around."It's too late." I shook my head. "I was too late in telling you. And now I can only wait for the rest to happen." I sighed.My shoulders felt heavier all of a sudden."I see… Perhaps you can give me a hint?" Dumbledore asked.I chewed on my lip as I looked at the Goblet of Fire."It's not his doing." I said."It's not his doing?" Dumbledore repeated."That's all I can tell you. You'll know as soon as it happens." I was all cried out, but my hair had darkened into a stormy gray color."Thank you, Cassie." Dumbledore nodded to me.I nodded back to him.He reached a hand out and patted my shoulder. Then he turned around and walked up the marble staircase.I had reached my friends and I couldn't seem to make my hair change back to blonde."Are you seventeen, then?" Harry asked.Angelina was grinning in an embarrassed sort of way."Course she is, can't see a beard, can you?" Ron said, gesturing to her."I had my birthday last week," Angelina nodded."Well, I'm glad someone from Gryffindor's entering," Hermione said. "I really hope you get it, Angelina!""Thanks, Hermione." Angelina smiled at her and nodded to me when I sat down.I put some scrambled eggs, sausage links, and some toast on my plate."Yeah, better you than Pretty-Boy Diggory," Seamus said loudly.It caused several Hufflepuffs passing their table to scowl heavily at him."I don't know. Last year we won the house cup for the third year, and the Quidditch Cup. It might be another house's turn for some glory. Gryffindor can't always be in the spotlight." I said casually."You would say that." Ron glared at me."Good morning." Draco suddenly dropped next to me."Good morning!" I greeted him and offered a piece of toast to him.There were two loud thunks and I was surprised to see Vincent and Gregory had joined on Draco's other side.That caused everyone to stop what they were doing and glaring at the three boys."Do you know who all has put their name in for your house?" I asked after taking a sip of orange juice."I only know of Cassius Warrington putting it in. I haven't heard anything about the rest of the lot." Draco said as he started to butter his toast, ignoring the Gryffindor glares."Which one is he?" I asked and turned around to face the Slytherin table."He left already." Draco said and took a bite of his toast."Oh, my bad." I turned back to my food."Cassie, why is your hair grey?" Ron asked, trying to keep the conversation light."I'm sad, and I can't seem to turn my hair back to blonde." I shrugged."Why are you sad?" Draco asked sharply.I looked at him and gave him a smile."Oh. Right." He said and looked down at the table."Why?" Gregory asked, leaning forward to look at me over the table."I don't know, I just am." I shrugged.Gregory didn't like that answer, but he didn't know how to get the answer from me. He grunted and went back to glaring at the table ahead of him."What are your plans for today?" Draco asked as I finished eating."I think we're going to go visit Hagrid. We haven't been down there to visit him in a while." I said as the seven of us stood up."Will that make you happy?" Gregory asked."Why are you -?" Ron started to get defensive."I hope so." I interrupted Ron before he could finish his question.Gregory nodded and shoved Vincent to the side so that I could pass."I'll see you at dinner." I said to Draco as I led Hermione through the Slytherin boys."Thank you." I smiled up to Gregory.His cheeks flushed but he grunted as Hermione and I passed."Does this mean we'll have to start eating the Slytherin table too?" Ron grumbled as we headed onto the grounds."Not if you don't want to." I said as Hermione and I linked arms."I hope Hagrid doesn't ask us to donate a few fingers to the skrewts." Ron said."I've just realized - I haven't asked Hagrid to join S.P.E.W. yet!" Hermione said brightly. "Wait for me, while I nip upstairs and get the badges?" She unlinked our arms and ran to the common room."What is it with her?" Ron asked in exasperation."Hey Ron," Harry said suddenly. "It's your friend…"I turned to look.I didn't notice her yesterday, not with the excitement of the new schools, and helping Hagrid with the horses.But the headmistress of Beauxbaton was enormous. She had to lower her shoulders to get into the entrance hall. She was beautiful though."That's Madame Maxime." Harry whispered to me."Thank you!" I whispered back to him.We watched as all of the students of Beauxbaton lined up. One by one, they stepped across the Age Line and dropped their slips of parchment into the blue-white flames. As each name entered the fire, it turned red briefly."What do you reckon'll happen to the ones who aren't chosen?" Ron asked quietly as a beautiful blonde hair girl put her name in the Goblet. "Reckon they'll go back to school, or hang around to watch the tournament?""Dunno," Harry replied. "Hang around, I suppose… Madame Maxime's staying to judge, isn't she?"I had pulled my grey hair forward and was trying to get it back to the shade of blonde I had yesterday.Several of the Beauxbaton students had noticed and were pointing at me."They're going to stay, that way they can support their champion." I answered."Where are they sleeping then?" Ron asked, moving to the front door and staring after them.Some of them had turned around to stare at me as I tried to get my blonde. I couldn't seem to manage it so I gave up and changed my hair to black.There was a rattling sound behind us. I held my arm out for Hermione who linked her arm with mine again."So black hair today?" She asked.I nodded."Come on, hurry up!" Ron said and led us out of the castle.He kept his eyes on one of the girls in the Beauxbaton group.Hermione put her head on my shoulder."I'm sorry you're down today." She said quietly."It's no one's fault. I just want to be able to get my hair to lighten up again." I smiled at her."Why don't you and Harry get your brooms and go down to the Quidditch pitch? I know there won't be a Quidditch season, but I'm sure that will help!" She suggested."That sounds like a great idea!" I felt my shoulders lighten at the thought of flying.Once we reached Hagrid's hut, I saw that a powder blue carriage was parked two hundred yards away from Hagrid's door. The makeshift paddock for their horses was next to them."They are lovely." I said as Harry knocked on the door of the hut.Fang's booming barks answered instantly."Bout time!" Hagrid said when he flew the door open. "Thought yeh lot'd forgotten where I live!""I was here yesterday!" I said in protest."We've been really busy, Hag-" Hermione started, but then she stopped.We both observed the changes.Hagrid was wearing his best, but also worst, hairy brown suit, and a checkered yellow and orange tie. And at some point, he had even tried to tame his hair, using some kind of grease. It was slicked down into two bunches, almost like he had tried to go for a ponytail but he has too much hair.Hermione and I both giggled to each other."Erm - where are the skrewts?" Hermione asked.It was unspoken that we would not mention his appearance."Out by the pumpkin patch." Hagrid said happily. "They're gettin' massive, mus' be nearly three foot long now. On'y trouble is they've started killin' each other.""Oh no, really?" Hermione shot a look at Ron, who was staring at Hagrid's hair."Yeah," Hagrid said sadly. " 'S'okay though, I've got 'em in separate boxes now. Still got abou' twenty.""Well, that's lucky." Ron said.Hagrid missed the sarcasm.We sat down and the topic turned to the Triwizard Tournament. I found myself looking at Harry more often than I normally would.I started to see the Harry from my vision in the Harry in front of me. He just needed a few scratches and his hair needed to be longer and -I stood up suddenly."Cassie, are yeh alrigh'?" Hagrid asked."I will be. I'm going to get some fresh air." I said and left Hagrid's hut.I picked up my cloak from the ground and took off running towards the castle. I wanted to get my broom and go flying.I made it to the common room and changed into a pair of leggings and a t-shirt. The air would catch onto any loose clothing and I didn't want that.I walked down to McGonagall's office next with my firebolt over my shoulder."Come in." Her voice said in her room.I opened her door.She was sitting at her desk, grading papers."Miss Zwart, how can I help you?" She asked, raising an eyebrow."Do you have a spare Quaffle? Or will I need to check out the Quidditch equipment from Madam Hooch?" I asked as I stepped into the office.She put down her quill and looked at me."Are you trying to practice for the Keeper's position?" She asked."I want to clear my mind, and I don't want to just fly around aimlessly." I answered.McGonagall frowned over her spectacles at me for a few seconds before standing up and walking to a cabinet."I would appreciate it if you would give it back to me." McGonagall said as she pulled out a slightly worn Quaffle from the cabinet."I will. Thank you, Minnie!" I grinned at her and took the Quaffle from her."Professor McGonagall." She tried to correct me."Of course." I smiled at her and left her office with a chuckle.I walked back down to the Quidditch Pitch. I got some looks and whispers but I ignored them."Ah! Cassie!" Nickolay's voice echoed from the direction of the lake.I grimaced, swung my leg over my broomstick, and kicked off the ground without looking at him."Cassie!" Nickolay cried as I flew to the Quidditch Pitch.I felt a lot better just being in the air. I did some lazy corkscrews while holding the Quaffle under my arm. I did some figure eights around the goal posts. I lost track of the time but I had started to toss the Quaffle ball through the hoops and I had to quickly catch the Quaffle on the other side.My firebolt was super fast, and it took the turns beautifully when I thought of it. My spirits were lifting and I was feeling a lot better."May I join you?" A voice asked.I froze in the air and turned to the voice.Viktor Krum was on his own broomstick, casually flying towards me."Of course!" I flew my broom closer to him."Thank you." He said and held his hand out for the Quaffle ball.I looked at it, then back to him.He must have read my face, because I pulled my broom up and he was suddenly chasing me! I had the biggest grin on my face as THE Viktor Krum was flying after me. I made sure to keep us on the Quidditch Pitch.After doing some figure eights around the posts I made sure to turn right to make it look like I was going to the other end of the pitch, but when I went to feint the one direction, Victor took the Quaffle on the other side!"Nice!" I shouted to him as I chased after him.He was a professional Quidditch and his speed and technique were amazing to watch!I watched as he swerved gracefully on his broom. He was throwing the Quaffle in the air and he was always there to catch it."Do you miss your team?" I asked when he came back to me, keeping a safe distance so that I couldn't get the Quaffle, easily."Sometimes. But my education is very important to me." Victor said as he tossed the Quaffle in the air, making sure I wouldn't take it."That's amazing!" My smile was huge.He blushed and tossed me the Quaffle.I caught it and tossed it back to him. I learned fast that he was a man of very few words. He started to grunt at my questions as we passed the Quaffle to each other.Until I asked him if he knew any plays that he could teach me.Then I couldn't get him to shut up.Even though he was the seeker for his team, he had wanted to be captain and made the effort to learn as many plays for the different positions. He had me doing so many new things, my head was dizzy from trying to remember them all! He was chuckling as I held my head as he tossed the Quaffle into the air as we walked off the Quidditch Pitch."I vill see you at dinner." He said and handed me McGonagall's Quaffle."See you!" I said and walked towards the castle.I got some looks from several of the young men because I had my Firebolt over my shoulder. But other than that, no one approached me.I knocked on McGonagall's door."Come in." Her voice said.I opened the door and she was wearing a different set of robes and was putting on a hat for tonight's feast."I brought back your Quaffle, Professor." I said, holding out the ball."Thank you, Miss Zwart." She said, turning to me and taking the Quaffle."Thank you for letting me borrow it." I smiled at her.She gave a singular nod and looked at me over her spectacles.Her striking blue eyes looked into my grey eyes and I froze."Cassie, are you alright?" She asked.The feelings of dread and the feeling of being unable to change anything came back.My shoulders drooped and exhaustion."Cassie." McGonagall put the ball on the table, and walked to close the door."I'm not alright." I admitted once the door was closed."What is wrong?" She asked."I can't tell." I picked my shoulders and gave McGonagall a tired smile."Surely you can tell -!" McGonagall sounded appalled until I tapped just under my eye."I can't tell." I repeated myself.If McGonagall was a bird, she would have ruffled her feathers the way she had straightened out."That is just perpropstrous!" She sputtered."Not -" I caught myself."Not what, Miss Zwart?" She asked."You'll understand." I sighed as I went to walk out of her office.She didn't stop me as I opened the door and headed towards the Gryffindor Tower.Poor Cassie just can't seem to catch a break.. That's okay though she'll get one or two soon.Shout out to Saphias for adding both this story and me to your favorite list!Shout out to Awritingbookworm, and Pamela Hutchins for leaving a review!Awritingbookworm: I'm extremely worried about how to end this story. But I only have the one ending and I'm not sure how to do an alternate ending in case that one goes bad? So hopefully it's not terrible!Pamela Hutchins: With how smart Hermione is, she would have know it had something to do with Harry if Cassie had hung on to him. But I figured she could get away with hugging him for a bit since, time wise, they've been friends a whole... sixty minutes? Fourty-five minutes? Longer than the rest. And because they are God-siblings, technically, it just makes sense that she would seek him to comfort her. In my opinion at least. Also! I debated getting this chapter out on Wednesday because BF and I are currently animal sitting his parents house but I couldn't justify it so sorry!

Chapter 19 The Triwizard ChampionsI had taken a shower and I was surprised to see George and Fred downstairs."Cassie," Fred greeted me."Hello boys. What can I do for you today?" I asked them."We want to talk about Weasley Wizard Wheezies and your offer." George said."Have a seat." Fred gestured for us to sit at a table away from the crowd of students."What do you want to talk about?" I asked as I sat down."We're willing to make a deal." George started off.They were so lucky I was exhausted and hungry to be snarky."What kind of a deal?" I asked."We want you to donate a certain amount, and in return we'll give you a cut of the profits until you are paid back." Fred answered."Do you want a sponsor? I don't have a lot of say in the 'real world' but I have been making my rounds with the first years in all of the houses and I can spread word about what you already have?" I countered."No, we're not ready to test on other people yet. We're only testing on ourselves and with what happened with our mum, we need to redo a lot of recipes and potions to get back to our progress." Fred shook his head."Do you have a paper and quill?" I asked, leaning forward on the table.Fred had already pulled out a parchment and written on it were a list of products and their prices and how many they were wanting.I looked it over and looked at the price that was circled below. They need five hundred galleons, ten sickles, and twenty one knuts."How about this, I will give you one thousand galleons." I put the paper down after reading it over a couple of times."That's -!" George and Fred started to protest."Hear me out first." I said, holding up my hand.They shared a look with each other."Why so much?" Fred asked."Let's take into consideration that you might need more. Something happens with one of the products, you lose some without remembering where it went. The extra five hundred galleons is just insurance for you guys. I'm not looking to make a profit in your company. I want to help where I can." I answered.I grabbed a spare piece of parchment and started to write down on it.'I, Cassiopiea Zwart, hereby give Fred Weasley and George Weasley one thousand galleons to start their company 'Weasley Wizard Wheezies'. They are to pay it back in their own time with payments of their choice. I will not enact an interest on them, nor will I demand they pay me back in a lump sum at a random time.'I signed it at the bottom and showed it to Fred and George."I understand that you think this is a hand out, but I don't want to be a business woman. I just want to help my friends with what I can." I tried explaining myself again.Fred and George looked at each other."This is my final offer. I'm not going to keep making the same offer if you're not going to take it." I sat back in my seat and crossed my arms.Fred and George looked at each then back at me."Go ahead and talk amongst yourselves. I've got time before dinner." I sighed and leaned my head back against the chair and closed my eyes.I didn't hear them talking, I think they were using their 'twin telepathy' to speak."Cassie?" I was being shaken awake."Hmm?" I stretched my arms over my head.My back and neck were kinked and hurting."You fell asleep." George said gently."Did I miss dinner?" I yawned."No. We're about to head down ourselves. We signed the paper." Fred showed me the paper.I looked it over and Fred and George had signed their names under my signature."Oh good! Can you make three copies?" I asked, rubbing my eyes.Fred nodded and tapped the paper twice. Two more copies popped into existence."Thank you Fred." I took one of the capies and gave the other two to George and Fred.I stood up and held my hand out. Fred grinned as he stood up and shook my hand. George also stood up and shook my hand, holding it a half second too long.I forced my hand away from George."Pleasure doing business, I will send a message to Gringott's tomorrow to make that withdrawal. And I will give you the funds as soon as I get them." I smiled up at Fred."Pleasure doing business with you! Now, how about we go down for dinner? We'll walk with you." George suddenly interjected."Thank you." I said, keeping my voice neutral.I rolled up my parchment and took it upstairs to put in my trunk."Oh George." I sighed as I walked back downstairs.Line breakThe walk down to the Great Hall was awkward for the most part. George kept bumping into me and I knew it was on purpose. So I made the obvious choice to move over to Fred's other side.Fred put his arm around my shoulder and he opened his mouth to say something but he was unable to get it out."Cassie!" Harry had called to me.I hurried over to him and our other friends."I see you're looking like yourselves again." Ron commented to the boys."Yeah." George nodded and avoided looking at me.When we entered the Great Hall, the Goblet of Fire had been moved next to Dumbledore's chair."Hope it's Angelina." Fred said as we all sat down."So do I!" Hermione said, her excitement in her voice. "We'll find out soon!"The Halloween Feast seemed to go on forever for everyone, but for me? It ended too quickly.My hair hadn't managed to lighten up to blonde again and I was doing everything I could to make sure it didn't turn blue."Cassie, are you feeling any better?" Ron asked, leaning forward to look at me."I am, actually." I shrugged my shoulders."Cassie." Everyone said, looking at me."Shit." I sighed, slumping my shoulders."I feel sorry for whatever you're worried about." Harry said, nudging my shoulder.I had to look away from everyone, and I tried to make my face as neutral as possible."Hey." George got my attention. "Everything's going to be okay."I couldn't help the snort I let out as the dinner food cleared itself and was replaced with desserts.I ate my dessert in silence. Choosing not to say anything as everyone else talked amongst themselves."Cassie! How are you?" Nickolay shoved himself between me and Seamus Finnegan.Seamus gave me a weird look and glared at Nickolay."Hello." I said, keeping my voice short and polite."I am excited to find out vho the Durmstrang Champion vill be!" Nickolay started to eat my dessert."You are being rude." I glared at him.He stopped what he was doing and looked shocked at me."You did not ask if you could sit with us. You did not ask if you could join me for dessert. And you helped yourself to my food!" I crossed my arms and leaned away from him."Vell, you do not have to be harsh!" Nickolay furrowed his eyebrows together."Nickolay." I pinched the bridge of my nose.I felt Hermione's hand on my back and straightened up."Leave me alone. Go sit with your schoolmates. I did not invite you to sit with me because I did not want you too." I looked him in his brown eyes.Nickolay had a flash of anger on his face. He got close to me and I didn't like how I could smell his breath."There is no need to be rude." He kept his voice low."There is a need when someone isn't welcomed." I spoke loudly."Nickolay." A gruff voice said above me.I looked up and even I paled at the look Victor was giving Nickolay.Nickolay turned his gaze from me to Victor."Cassie, is he bothering you?" Victor asked.I felt everyone at the Gryffindor table staring at me and Victor."He is, Victor." I responded.Victor grabbed Nickolay and pulled him up from his seat."Nickolay does not know that he can be… Too much." Victor growled."You don't need to apologize for him." I waved my hand.Victor gave a noise in his throat and dragged Nickolay away to the Slytherin table.I turned and watched them, and when I turned around everyone was red in the face and exploded."You and Krum are on a first name basis?!""When did you meet?!""What just happened?""Are you two friends?!""I'm not answering any of those." I said and pushed my food away.I folded my arms and put my head on the table.I was exhausted from the day.I felt someone watching me and when I looked up Ron was still red in the face, but George was looking angry."What?" I snapped at them.George shook his head and went back to eating. Ron opened his mouth but then closed it and also went back to eating."George. You broke up with me, not the other way around." I tried not to snarl, but I did.He paused and turned away from me."What Ron?" I turned to him.He shook his head at me and started to shove his food full.I rolled my eyes and put my head back down.The golden plates returned to their spotless look and Harry tapped me on the shoulder.I had gotten lost in my thoughts."Well, the goblet is almost ready to make its decision." Dumbldore spoke clearly across the silent Hall."I estimate that it requires one more minute. Now, when the champions' names are called, I would ask them please to come up to the top of the Hall, walk along the staff table, and go through into the next chamber" - he indicated the door behind the staff table - "where they will be receiving their first instructions."Dumbledore took out his wand and gave a great sweeping wave with it; at once, all the candles except those inside the carved pumpkins were extinguished, plunging them into a state of semidarkness. The Goblet of Fire was the only thing shining in the dark.The pit in my stomach dropped farther and I regretted eating so much food.During the minute the Goblet needed, the only real movement was when people would check their watches."Any second," Lee said.Just after he said that, the Goblet turned red. Sparks flew around, and then a tongue of red flame shot into the air. A charred piece of parchment fluttered down.Everyone gasped as Dumbledore caught the parchment out of the air. The Goblet returned to its blue white flames."The champion for Durmstrang," Dumbledore read off. "Will be Viktor Krum.""No surprises there!" Ron shouted over the applause.I was taking deep breaths through my nose and slowly out of my mouth."Bravo Viktor!" Karkaroff boomed across the applause. "Knew you had it in you!"The clapping and chatting died down and everyone was focused on the Goblet again. The Goblet turned red again and a second red flame shot out with another parchment."The champion for Beauxbatons," Dumbledore read it off after catching it. "Is Fleur Delacour!""It's her, Ron!" Harry shouted over the applause.A girl stood up from the Ravenclaw table and shook her silver hair as she floated down between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables."Oh look, they're all disappointed," Hermione pointed to the remainder of the Beauxbatons party.I looked over and rolled my eyes. Two of the girls had bowed their heads and were sobbing. While other members were clearly fighting back tears.When Fleur Delacour made her way into the room behind the teachers table, silence fell again.I was holding my breath with anticipation. It was going to be Cassius Warrington, or Cedric Diggory.And I knew which one I wanted…The Goblet's flames turned red again, and a third piece of parchment shot out."And the Hogwarts champion," Dumbledore called, "is Cassius Warrington!"There was a moment. The Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students didn't understand what was happening.The Slytherins erupted into cheers, while Ravenlcaw and Hufflepuff broke into disappointed applause while the Gryffindors started to boo as the Slytherin champion walked with his head held high.He had curly black hair. It almost reminded me of Sirius's hair."Good luck Warrington!" I stood up and shouted over the Gryffindors.I got several glares from my house mates as Warrington shook hands with Dumbledore and Snape."Excellent!" Dumbledore said.I could tell that he was disappointed with how his school had reacted to Warrington being chosen as the Hogwarts Champion.I allowed myself to hope that I was wrong about Harry being the fourth champion."Well, we now have our three champions. I am sure I can count upon all of you, including the remaining students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, to give your champions every ounce of support you can muster. By cheering your champion on, you will contribute in a very real -"My heart sank and what hope I had disappeared.The Goblet had turned red again."No!" I whispered.I put a hand on my mouth as Dumbledore grabbed the parchment from the air.Dumbledore stared at the name on the parchment.I started to cry again.Dumbledore looked across the hall."Harry Potter."Harry turned to look at me and saw I was crying."I'm so sorry, Harry." I whispered.There was movement as everyone turned to look at Harry."Harry, you have to go." I whispered again."I didn't put my name in," Harry's voice was blank of emotion.Hermione and Ron were both looking at him with blank expressions."You know I didn't.""I know you didn't but you have to go!" I forced Harry to stand up."Harry Potter!" Dumbledore called out again.I looked up and McGonagall was leaning towards Dumbledore who looked across the Hall again."Harry! Up here, if you please!" Dumbledore called again."Go on," Hermione pushed Harry.Harry got to his feet and tripped on the hem of his robes.I didn't mean to let out the wet giggle, but it slipped out.Hermione turned to me and grabbed the front of my robes."You knew!" She hissed into my ear.I pushed her away as I watched Harry walk to the small room.Dumbeldore turned to the crowd of students."We have our champions. They are all going to need your support. Now off to bed!" Dumbledore clapped his hands.Fleur Delacour and Viktor's friends celebrated as they left. Slytherin made a scene as they walked out of the Great Hall. Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff sauntered off in disappointment and Gryffindor followed.George, Fred, and Lee all had their heads together and were clearly scheming something.Ron stood up and followed the crowd, along with Hermione.I stayed sitting in my place.I was going to wait for Harry."You knew." Draco suddenly dropped next to me.I turned to him and his angry face softened when he saw the state I was in."I couldn't do anything to stop it." I whispered, not trusting my voice.Draco didn't offer to comfort me, and I didn't want comfort."Why didn't you try?" Draco asked.I clenched my hands into fists and my nails dug into my palm."I can't tell you." I whispered again.Draco didn't say anything."It's not his doing." I whispered.Draco gave a start and realization dawned on his head."Potter didn't put his name in the Goblet of Fire?" Draco asked.I shook my head."Then who did he get to do it for him?" Draco demanded.I rolled my eyes."Why would Harry want to enter the tournament? He already gets attention he doesn't want!" I hissed at Draco.Draco opened his mouth but I put a hand over his mouth."Stop. Stop asking me questions I can't answer!" I pleaded with him. "My best friend is in a tournament that should be for seventeen year olds and I'm scared!"Draco took my hand off of his mouth, but he didn't say anything.We sat in silence for a few moments before the door opened.Madame Maxine and Fleur walked out, talking in French to each other.Karkaroff and Viktor came out in silence."Good luck, Viktor." I called out, my voice soft.He gave me a single nod as they walked past us.When they left the castle, the door opened again and this time Warrington was glaring ahead of himself and Harry shuffled along behind him.Draco and I both stood up."Harry -" I started.Harry walked around me, so I let him go.Warrington stopped next to me and glared after him."He didn't put his name in the Goblet." I said, giving a defeated sigh.Warrington grunted at that."I really do hope you win the Tournament. Slytherin could use some good light on it." I admitted.Warrington did look at me in surprise."I'm the only Gryffindor rooting for you, Warrington." I looked at him.His eyes were a rather striking blue.He gave me a single nod and started to walk away."Ah, Miss Zwart. I'm glad you're here." Dumbledore said behind me.I flinched at hearing his voice."Goodnight Draco." I said to my cousin.His eyes grew wide when he saw Dumbledore, McGonagall and Snape looming over me."Goodnight Cassie." He said and walked after Warrington.I watched as Draco and Warrington exited the Great Hall."Hello, professors." I turned to them.Dumbledore wasn't smiling at me.Behind them were Barty Crouch and Ludo Bagman."Severus, why don't you lead Barty and Ludo to my office for a night cap? I want to speak with Cassie." Dumbledore suggested.Snape nodded and led the two Ministry workers away.Dumbledore waited until they were gone to look at me."I'm sorry." I whispered."You have a wonderful gift Cassie. And it is terrible." Dumbledore spoke gently. "And I wish you had told me what you knew -""Should I have though? Would you have tried to stop it?" I didn't dare speak above a whisper.Dumbledore didn't answer my question."I don't know what to do. I've seen some terrible things and I'm scared. I don't know what I can tell and not tell. I did try telling you yesterday, but…" I folded my arms over my chest and gave a shiver.I wanted to cry, but I was finally all cried out.We stood in silence for a bit longer."Is there anything I need to know?" Dumbledore finally asked.I couldn't help the sudden cackle that came out."You need to know everything! But it's not the right moment." I said bitterly."Cassie -" McGonagall spoke."It has to happen. And I regret it so much." I interrupted my head of house.I didn't wait for their reactions.I turned around and walked out of the Great Hall, my hair a mixture of colors.Red for anger, blue for sadness, and white for fear of what was to come.Here we are. A Slytherin Champion.Shout out to GemmaCornitus for adding this story to your following list!Shout out to Sabuhi Cornitus for adding this story to your following list!(Are you two related? Did one of you just recommend this story to the other?! Do you both just happen to have the same last part of your user name?! Now I need to know!)Shout out to Pamela Hutchins and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: I have a special chapter for you. And I'm not sure when it is though but you'll know when it happens. I felt that Hermione seeing Cassie in tears, she understood that Cassie needed comfort more.Awritingbookworm: Thank you! I feel better about it, but I'm still worried about how I'm going to end it because at some point. Cassie is going to have to TELL SOMEONE! We saw how she handled the information with Harry being the fourth champion.

Chapter 20 Taking Care of FriendsI got to the Fat Lady and her friend. They were drunk."Balderdash." I told the Fat Lady.I didn't understand what she slurred at me, but I was not prepared for the noise."Cassie!" Seamus grabbed me and tried to do an irish jig with me."What is happening?" I asked, confused as he jumped around me."Harry is a champion!" Angelina said from behind me."I wonder how he did it?" Dean asked."Harry wouldn't, so he didn't." I said and twisted my hands out of Seamus's grip and hurried up the girls dormitory.I didn't see Harry, Ron, or Hermione in the common room, but I wasn't really looking for them either.I just wanted to be alone with my journal and a nice hot bubble bath.When I opened the door to my dormitory, Hermione was pacing the length of the room. She whipped around and I was surprised. She grabbed the front of my robes and started to shake me."How could you not tell us?!" She was trying to keep her composure."I couldn't!" I said, letting her shake me."You must have told Dumbledore!" Her voice was getting high in octaves."I tried, Hermione. I tried!" I put my hands on hers."Not hard enough!" She pulled away bitterly."You won't understand." I sighed as I walked over to my bed and pulled out pajamas to sleep in."I won't -" Hermione's voice rose."I don't even understand!" I threw my clothes down and turned to Hermione.My hair turned red."I didn't understand how Harry was going to be the fourth! I didn't understand how -!" I stopped myself."You don't understand what, Cassie?" Hermione asked."I physically cannot tell you. Something is stopping me from saying what I want to say!" I picked up a pillow and ripped it.I grabbed my books off my nightstand and I held them.I wanted to rip them like I just ripped the pillow, but I couldn't bring myself to do that.I rubbed my eyes and put them back, giving a sigh."I'm sorry." Hermione's voice was quiet."I am too." I answered back.I slowly changed into my pajamas and Ariel jumped up on my bed.I pointed my wand at the pillow, "Repairo."The feathers went back into the pillow and it fixed itself right up."Hello kitty cat." I said scratching her ears as I laid down."Goodnight, Cassie." Hermione's voice said from her bed."Goodnight, 'Mione." I said sleepily.I felt Ariel curl up next to me and I felt her purrs against my stomach. They helped me fall asleep.I woke up somewhere I didn't recognize. It was a white courtroom, with greek style pillars and cloudsat the top. The seats surrounding me were a circle shape, with a large chair in front of me. Everything looked marble."Welcome, Cassiopeia!" A voice called.I turned around to see a beautiful woman was walking towards me.I don't know how I knew her name, but I did."Morgan Le Fay." I said as respectfully as I could.She gave me a kind smile and a nod."Where am I?" I asked, looking around the courtroom again."This is where we hold court for those who break the Seer Laws." Morgan Le Fay answered."Have I broken a Law?" I asked, panicking."No, no you haven't. You almost did though." She gave me a pointed look."Something stopped me then." I admitted."Lack of knowledge." Morgan Le Fay had dark hair that was absolutely beautifully curled down to her waist. "Lack of knowledge?" I asked."You lack the knowledge of our Laws, because of this you are unable to say too much. I thought you had known the Laws when you went to go tell Albus Dumbledore what you knew, but after watching you try to tell your friend, Hermione Granger, I realized. You don't know the Laws." Morgan Le Fay gestured to a seat for us to sit at."Wouldn't you know beforehand?" I asked, raising an eyebrow at her.She actually had to look away from me in embarrassment."I will admit, I've been… lax… in my watch over the Zwart lineage. I didn't realize your grandmother had turned her back on Karen, your mother, until it was too late." Morgan Le Fay admitted."Shame." I said, not feeling sympathetic."I did see that she reached out to you, and you haven't tried to make contact. Why is that?" Morgan Le Fay turned to me this time."She told my mom that if my mom couldn't accept her 'Gift' she couldn't be a part of the family. Why should I be an exception?" I retorted.Morgan Le Fay blinked."Your family can teach you control!" She sounded surprised."And if I choose to go down the path my mother went? Repressing my 'Gift' ?" I asked, making sure to sound angry.Morgan Le Fay opened her mouth and then closed it."Why should I go to the people who turned their back on my mother? Who probably saw that she was murdered with a child in her care and did nothing!" I asked, this time standing up and starting to pace.Morgan Le Fay didn't answer."You don't have an answer. And now I have a question for you." I turned to her after pacing a couple of times.I was trying to keep my temper in check."What's stopping you from taking the power from me?""Cassie, wake up." Hermione shook me awake."I'm awake." I mumbled, rubbing my eyes."I'm going to go get Harry breakfast. Will you hang out with Ron?" Hermione asked.She was already dressed for the day.I yawned as I finally sat up and stretched.I was surprised that Hermione was the one to take initiative. Usually I was the one going between her and the boys, but now that Ron was jealous of Harry it was up to us to go between the boys.So I got dressed in what I wore yesterday during my flight with Krum, then I grabbed both my Nimbus 2000 and my Firebolt."Show off." I heard someone mutter when I walked by with them over my shoulder."Nah, just lucky." I said over my shoulder and walked out of the common room.Hermione was still upset with me but for this moment I didn't care.Before I went to the Great Hall I made a stop at McGonagall's office, but when I knocked she didn't answer. So I shrugged and went back to walking to the Great Hall.I was able to turn my hair back to blonde now that the worst of the events had passed. It helped that I was feeling better after my dream visit with my ancestor.When I entered the Great Hall, McGonagall must have been keeping an eye out for me because she gestured for me to go to her.I nodded and walked between the Ravenclaw and Gryffindor tables to get to Ron.He wasn't happy to see me, but when I put my broomsticks in front of him on the table he couldn't help his face lighting up."I need to get a Quaffle from McGonagall, and then you can ride the Firebolt.""Alright!" He cheered.He started caressing the Firebolt when I left.I rolled my eyes as I walked to the teachers table."Here, I figured you would be needing this again today." McGonagall greeted me.She pulled the Quaffle out from her robes."Thank you, Professor." I nodded to her."Which one…?" She asked."I get Ron, Hermione's getting Harry." I told her."Ah." She nodded.I walked back to the table and picked up a piece of toast and started to put jam on it."Whenever you're ready, Weasley." I said to Ron.He nodded, took a drink from his goblet, then stood up.He grabbed the Firebolt and strutted out with it. I rolled my eyes with Ginny.I grabbed a quick drink of water to wash down the toast and raced after Ron with my Nimbus over the shoulder, and McGonagall's Quaffle under my other arm.I heard some mutterings and felt stares, but I ignored them.When I stepped out of the Entrance Hall, I was surprised to see Ron had waited for me."Race ya." He said."Only if I get one second head start." I grinned at him."No deal." He smiled back at me, already mounting the broom.I was glad to see that he was already in higher spirits. But that didn't mean I went easy on him.Both Ron and I had sweat marks on our backs and under our armpits. I was wiping my forehead when we landed at the Entrance Hall."You are so good!" Ron said, a mixture of tiredness and disappointment.Even though he was on the Firebolt, and I was on my Nimbus, I was able to get the Quaffle from him. He was predictable in which way he was going to go so I was able to come in and go the opposite direction from him.The Firebolt was only a superior broom if the rider was also superior."I don't know, I was starting to get worried you were about to get ahead of me for a minute there." I patted his back.I looked at my hand in disgust."So, lunch first?" Ron asked."Absolutely!" I nodded.I was starving!"Why are you mad at Harry?" I asked as we walked back down to the pitch.Ron immediately slumped his shoulders and started to kick at the ground."He won't tell me how he did it! And he didn't include me in it!" Ron admitted."Have you thought that someone else did it, without asking Harry?" I asked.Ron shook his head."You honestly believe he didn't think of it all?" Ron asked bitterly.I had to turn my face in disgust.'Ron is jealous and can't see past his own thick skull!'Hermione and I were sitting across from each other on our respective beds."Ron is jealous, and a prat." I said, drinking some more water.Ron and I had flown all day. All of my muscles were sore from the workout I've been putting them through."Harry is feeling like the world is turning against him." Hermione sounded sad."When is it not turning against him?" I asked.Hermione opened her mouth, and then closed it again.I rubbed my eyes."We're going to have to take turns with them. Until Ron opens his eyes and realizes he's an idiot." I sighed.I let myself fall to the side and close my eyes."Boys are stupid." Hermione hissed as she got into her own bed."I agree." I whispered sleepily.I had Harry the next day. The school was upset that there were two champions. One being a Slytherin, and the other a fourth year, who just happened to be Harry Potter. And we made quite the pair.Gryffindors did walk with Harry when we were going to classes, but there was little that could be done when we had classes with the Slytherins. And I was worried about Snape and his influence on his house.Harry was looking forward to Care of Magical Creatures, but when he remembered we were going to be with the Slytherins he got disheartened."Malfoy's probably going to have it out for me." He hung his head as we walked down the grounds together.When I opened my mouth, it wasn't my voice I heard."Potter! Cassie!" Draco called.When we looked back, he was by himself.I noticed the black eye."Draco." I greeted him, choosing not to say anything about it."Malfoy." Harry said cautiously.Draco came up on my otherside."How did you do it?" He demanded."It's not his doing." I deadpanned.Draco actually blinked at that."You - you can't be serious?" Draco asked, anger rising in his voice."Do you really think I want to be in the Tournament?" Harry snapped at Draco.I took a step back out of this conversation."How could you not? Famous Potter!" Draco spat."I didn't choose for Voldemort to kill my parents! I didn't choose to live through the curse! I DIDN'T GET A CHOICE!" Harry shouted.Draco took a step back at that.Harry didn't wait for a retort and stomped ahead of us. So I stepped up to Draco."People often forget that Harry was just a baby… He didn't even know he was famous until he was eleven years old. His aunt and uncle, muggles, kept the truth of how his parents died." I quietly explained.Draco blinked at that."His muggle family hates him. I don't know how they treat him, exactly, but I know that if he could live anywhere else and be forgotten by the world. He would go for that option in a heartbeat."Draco and I started to follow Harry, keeping our distance."People don't realize that this life was thrusted on him. He didn't know anything and now he's a famous person… He wasn't groomed for that kind of life, not like you." I nudged his shoulder as gently.Draco nodded slowly and didn't open his mouth to retort.I was surprised that when we made it to Harry, Draco decided to stand on his otherside.Harry looked at me but focused back on Hagrid who came out with crates stacked on top of each other."So, I've found teh reason why teh Skrewts are fightin' each other." He grunted when he put the crates down.I waited for Draco to say something, but I did see his jaw twitch."Yeh're goin' ter have ter run 'em. They have ter much energy for their own good." Hagrid stretched out his back."What?!" Ron's voice echoed over the grounds.I smacked my hand over my mouth to keep the giggles back."Where exactly are we supposed to fix the leash? Around the sting, the blasting end, or the sucker?" Draco asked."Roun' the middle," Hagrid demonstrated on a skrewt for the class. "Er - yeh might want ter put on yer dragon-hide gloves, jus' as an extra precaution, like. Harry - you come here an' help me with this big one…"Harry went over to help Hagrid, but I could see their mouths moving."Hagrid is also the first father-like figure Harry was able to look up to." I whispered that to Draco.Draco blinked at that and started to flush."It's weird realizing you're privileged. Isn't it?" I chuckled dryly at him.He flushed a deeper red.There you have it. It feels weird having a character explain to Draco what's going on in Harry's mind. Especially with someone who can sympathize with him.Shout out to doemaar, Pamela Hutchins, and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!doemaar: I would love to do two or three chapters a week, but I would get burnt out so fast and I don't want to end up leaving this story for another few years before getting back to it.Pamela Hutchins: It's been weird writing with a Slytherin Champion instead of Hufflepuff. But I like to think it's working out. If it doesn't I'll trust you and my other readers to let me know if it's going bad!Awritingbookworm: Ah! I'm so glad! I found ONE fanfic but it was more of a one-shot from his best friend's POV but I didn't read it all the way through.

Chapter 21 Badges for ChampionsThe next couple of days were, strange, to say the least.I thought Harry would have all of the support of the houses, with Slytherin being the other champion of Hogwarts. But I was wrong.All of Gryffindor was behind Harry, that much was obvious. But I noticed that Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw were split. I thought that with Harry being a Gryffindor, everyone would be against Slytherin.Cedric Diggory came up to me as I was heading to class with Ron."How did Potter get his name in the Goblet?" He demanded.Ron looked at me then at Cedric."You know him?" Ron asked, pointing to Cedric."I do." I nodded to Ron.Then I turned back to Cedric."And Harry Potter would not put his name in the Goblet of Fire. Someone else did." I put my hand on my hip.My other hand was holding my bag."No way." Cedric shook his head. "Potter must have done it! Everyone is saying the Dumbledore allowed him to because he's 'Harry Potter'." Cedric used air quotes around Harry's name."Do you really believe that Dumbledore would allow a student under the age of seventeen into the tournament, after he specified that no one else was to enter?" I deadpanned.Cedric rolled his eyes and walked away from me."I do." A voice said from behind us.Ron and I turned around and I was surprised.Cassius Warrington was standing behind us, and he had two other Slytherins with him."Of course you do. Slytherin hasn't been treated the best since Harry started here." I nodded.Warrington blinked at that.He looked at me thoughtfully."You're Cassie Zwart, Malfoy's cousin." He pointed at me."I am. Sirius Black is also my father, who is still on the run." I nodded.Cassius did something I didn't think he would do.He smiled at me and let out a laugh.It was nice, it sounded genuine.The Slytherins looked at each other in shock."You're a quick one." He said to me."What do you want?" Ron asked, glaring at the seventh years."Don't piss them off." I growled at Ron.Warrington raised an eyebrow at me."I overheard Diggory's and Zwart's conversation. That's all." He said cooly."For what it's worth," I interjected, not wanting Ron to let his temper lose. "I hope you win the Tournament. Slytherin could use a win."Warrington looked surprised again."You're not supporting Potter?" He asked."Oh I am. I just don't want him to win." I admitted.Warrington let out another laugh and walked away."How can you not want Harry to win?" Ron asked angrily.I didn't answer out loud.'Because if Harry wins, Voldemort comes back.'Harry wasn't able to focus on his school work.Usually Hermione pairs with Ron, but I took on Ron so that Hermione could help Harry with his summoning charms.Ron had managed to get his quill to bounce to him, while Hermione and I were the only ones to get Flitwick's books to fly to us."How do you do it?" Ron asked in frustration."Have you ever gone fishing?" I asked."What?" Ron looked at me like I was an idiot."I'm going to answer your question. Have you ever gone fishing?" I asked again."No." He shook his head."Muggles go fishing, for some it's a source of income and a way to eat. They use an item called a fishing pole." I started to explain as we walked out of class."The fishing pole has this thing called a 'reel' and it has fishing wire wrapped up in it. By using the fishing pole you can cast out and catch a fish." I realized what I was saying was being lost on Ron."Sorry, but it's how I think of my wand. It's like a fishing rod and when I cast the summoning charm, I picture a little string on the end and it touches the item. And then I just 'reel it in'." I finished.Ron still didn't look like he understood."I want the thing to come to me. So I expect it to come to me." I finally said."But it doesn't work for me!" He said loudly."That's because you want it. You're not expecting it." I pointed at him."It's the same thing!" He threw his hands in the air.I laughed as we walked on.During lunch I noticed that some Slytherin's were bunched together."What do you think they're doing?" I asked Ron."I don't care." He said with food in his mouth.Draco saw me looking. He held up a finger and walked over to them.He was handed something and walked over to where Ron and I were sitting."I saw you looking and figured you were curious." Draco said as he sat next to me.He showed me a badge, it was larger than Hermione's S.P.E.W. badges. On it in an emerald font was a little slogan.'Support CASSIUS WARRINGTON - The REAL Hogwarts Champion!'"These look brilliant!" I said, admiring them.I got several scoffs around me.Draco flushed and looked down."Is this how you got your black eye? Because you were forced to make them?" I asked, keeping my voice quiet.Ron looked over at me and then to Draco, his mouth open.Draco had gone to Madam Pomfrey and gotten it taken care of between Care of Magical Creatures and now. I think he wanted me to see it.Draco put a hand to his eye and nodded."It's okay if you need to put up a front for your house. I know the truth." I said softly.Draco shook his head. "You're not afraid to show people where you stand. I've heard people saying that you support Harry but you want Warrington to win.""Bloody hell." Ron rolled his eyes at that."Harry should not be in the Tournament. There's a bigger picture here, and I want Hogwarts to have the Triwizard cup at the end of the year." I explained patiently.Draco nodded then put a hand into his robe.I had to grab Ron's hand because he dropped his fork to reach into his own robes."Easy boys." I said gently.Draco slowly pulled out another badge, this one gold with red lettering.'Support HARRY POTTER' Was in scarlet color."I only made one." Draco said as he handed it to me."Can you make more?" I asked, looking at it."I can, but-" He looked over at the Slytherin table."I see…" I said thoughtfully.Ron looked at the badge in my hand."Tell them to piss off if they have a problem." He growled.Draco blinked at that."Oh I see, so you two are the bad influences." Draco gave a rare smile.Ron squared his shoulders but I was giggling."It's definitely me, but Ron is a close second."Draco shook his head and then pointed at my Warrington Badge."Press it." He said.Ron pressed it and it changed.'POTTER STINKS'Ron let out a growl and pressed it again."Was that an added touch?" I asked Draco.He nodded and scratched the back of his neck."Why?" Ron growled.I rolled my eyes, "So that they can get off of his back for five minutes for being friendly with the Gryffindors dumbass."Ron gave a huff and went back to eating his food."Thank you for showing me these." I said as I put Harry's badge next to Warrington's.Draco nodded then stood up and walked back to his table."Maybe he's slowly growing on me." Ron grumbled to me.My grin was huge, and if it could blind people, it would."That's all I want! He's really trying to change." I said as we walked down to the dungeons."Hey Potter!" Parkinson's voice echoed off the walls.Dean and Seamus had joined Ron and I against the wall. I waved to Hermione when she saw us."Like them, Potter?" Parkinson sneered.She was wearing, along with her group, the Warrington badges and she was showing them off.Draco wasn't wearing one, he was standing with the group with a scowl on his face.Parkinson pressed the button and we watched as they all changed to read 'POTTER STINKS'"Oh very funny," Hermione responded in sarcasm, "really witty.""Want one, Granger?" Parkinson offered one to her. "I've got loads. But don't touch my hand now, I've just washed it you see; don't want a Mudblood sliming it up."I didn't see what happened, but everyone was suddenly clearing the corridor so I had a view of what was going on.Harry had pulled his wand out."Harry!" Hermione said in a warning tone."Harry, it's not worth it." I took a step forward."Go on, then, Potter," Parkinson was holding her own.I narrowed my eyes at her.'She's usually not the ring leader.'"No one's here to look after you now - do it, if you've got the guts -" Parkinson was glowering.Something had shifted in the Slytherin house and I was suddenly afraid of what that would mean.A second later there were shouts."Fununculus!" Harry shouted."Densaugeo!" Parkinson sounded shocked.Lights shot from both wands. Rather than disperse on contact, the lights ricocheted into different directions. One light hit Gregory in the face, and the other hit Hermione.Gregory started to grow ugly boils on his face. Hermione was whimpering as she tried to cover her face."Hermione!" Ron pushed past me to reach Hermione.I went up to Harry and glared at Parkinson."What is all this noise about?" A soft voice asked in a deadly tone.Snape had come out of his classroom. Slytherins started talking over each other to get their explanation said first.Snape held up a hand to silence everyone then pointed at Draco."Explain.""Potter and Parkinson attacked each other, sir." Was all he said.Snape didn't give any indication at what Draco implied, but instead turned to Gregory.Gregory's face had started to look like a picture of a book about poisonous fungi."Hospital Wing, Goyle." Snape said in his calm way."Parkinson got Hermione, look!" Ron was still fighting Hermione's.Hermione's teeth had grown out larger due to the curse she was hit with. They were past her collar.Parkinson was doubled up in giggles with her group, pointing at Hermione and her growing teeth."I see no difference." Snape was cold.Hermione let out a whimper, and a quick turn on her heel she ran out of the dungeons.Harry and Ron both started to shout at the same time.It was a good thing the dungeons echoed. I couldn't understand what either of the boys were saying, but Snape understood the gist of it."Let's see," Snape's voice was silky. "Fifty points from Gryffindor, and a detention for Potter and Weasley. Now get inside, or it'll be a week's worth of detention."Ron gave me a subtle nudge in Harry's direction, so when Harry looked around I was there instead of Ron.I saw the disappointment flash in his eyes, but he recovered quickly.I glared at Parkinson as she pushed her badge to make it flash, POTTER STINKS again."Antidotes," Snape said when everyone was sitting down. "You should all have prepared your recipes now. I want you to brew them carefully, and then, we will be selecting someone on whom to test…"Snape looked next to me, to Harry.I could feel Harry's thoughts swimming through his head when there was a knock on the door.Colin Creevey edged into the room. He shot Harry a beaming smile and walked up to Snape's desk at the front of the room."Yes?" Snape asked."Please, sir. I'm supposed to take Harry Potter upstairs." Colin answered.My sigh of relief was only heard by Harry."Potter has another hour of Potions to complete." Snape said coldly. "He will come upstairs when this class is finished."Colin sank into his shoulders."Sir - sir, Mr. Bagman wants him," Colin's voice had gone from confident to nervous. "All the champions have got to go, I think they want to take photographs…"My hand hit my forehead so loud, I got several students looking at me."Very well, very well," Snape snapped. "Potter, leave your things here. I want you back down here later to test your antidote.""Please, sir - he's got to take his things with him." Colin squeaked. "All the champions -""Very well!" Snape snapped. "Potter - take your bag and get out of my sight!"I had let a bezoar stone sit at the bottom of my antidote through the entirety of the class. My antidote wasn't the best, but it was better than I expected.Ron and I were walking down dinner and I saw that Harry was already sitting at the Gryffindor table by himself. Hermione must have still been in the hospital wing getting her teeth fixed."I'm going to sit with Harry." I patted Ron's shoulder.He made a noise in the back of his throat but he didn't try to stop me."Hey there." I said as I dropped across from Harry.He looked relieved to see me."I thought you would be with Ron the whole time." He said."Ron's going through something and since it's usually you and me who are going in between Ron and Hermione, I figured Hermione could use a turn. Now you've got me." I smiled at him as I started to put food on my plate.He nodded and took a couple of bites."You knew I was going to be chosen." His voice was so low I almost thought I didn't catch it."I did." I nodded."Why didn't you say anything?" He asked.I blinked at him and put the bowl of sauteed vegetables on the table."Do you remember the tears? The sobs? How I wouldn't let you go?" I asked.Harry blinked and then his eyes widened."I couldn't say anything, it's part of the Seer Law." I sighed.He looked confused at that."Seer Law?" He asked.I nodded and started to eat."There's a whole little world inside the wizarding world… And I'm stuck in it." I said bitterly.Welp. We'll be getting into the Seer world sooner or later. It's hard balancing out the Seer chapters from the story line chapters, but hopefully I did it? I may go back into what I got and do some more Seer chapters.Shout out to Pamela Hutchins for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: Imagine a bunch of heart eye emojis and that's my reaction. LOL

Chapter 22 Never a Dull MomentRon was still not talking to Harry. And it was starting to piss me off."He's your best friend!" I couldn't stop shouting."He's lying about putting his name in the Goblet!" Ron shouted back."When has he ever lied to you about anything?!"I was glad that I had dragged him into an empty classroom than have this fight in the halls.He glowered at me as he crossed his arms."Exactly!" I glared at him.Ron let out a huff and looked away from me."I bet you that Harry would do anything to trade places with you right now." I said and then left the classroom.Ron was so infuriating and he made me want to rip my hair out.It didn't help that I kept having the same dream over and over. The one with Harry in the graveyard and Voldemort returning. It was starting to affect my sleep schedule and even Draco had noticed the dark circles and had pointed them out to me."What is keeping you up at night?" He asked me.I was using the back of a spoon to use my power to cover my circles."The end of the year." I answered.He rolled his eyes at that."How's Potter?" Draco kept his voice low."He's not doing any better. Ron still is being an asshole about the whole name in the Goblet situation." I waved my hand around.Draco gave a sigh."How thick headed is Weasley when even I know Potter didn't do it?" Draco asked."It's not him being thick headed, it's him being jealous." I answered."Weasley is jealous?" Draco asked skeptically.I nodded."You gotta remember," I gestured between Draco and I, "we're the only kids. I grew up in an orphanage and I did not want attention because I was being bullied by some people. Ron has five older brothers and one little sister. He's got the worst of the hand-me downs. Ginny is a girl so there's some room for special treatment there. Ron feels like he's got so much more to prove and then he becomes friends with Harry Potter." I shook my head at that."Can you imagine how pressured he must have felt from his parents?"Draco looked down at his food at that.Draco's parents had probably pressured him to try and be friends with Harry, but now that he was in Gryffindor and made it obvious our first year he'd rather have nothing to do with him…"And now, with the Triwizard Tournament -" I shook my head again.Draco nodded."He's feeling conflicted."Harry had told me in excitement that Sirius was going to get into contact with him twenty-second of November at two o'clock. In the Gryffindor Common Room."How?" I asked incredulously."I have no idea." Harry shook his head.I shook my head back and went back to my homework."Why do you have this?" Harry asked, pointing at my bag.I knew which button he was pointing at."Because I support both Hogwarts champions." I answered simply.Harry gave a huff in response.I was walking down the corridor with my head in my potions book trying to figure out what Snape wanted us to fix in the recipe when I was stopped.I looked up and Nickolay's face greeted me."Have you been avoiding me?" He asked in his accent."No!" I lied.'Yes. Yes. Yes.' I hoped my face didn't give me away."How have you been?" He asked me, folding his arms and leaning against the corridor wall.I looked around and was relieved to see that we weren't alone in the corridor."I've been better." I admitted."Vhat's vrong?" He asked, tilting his head in such a way it almost reminded me of a puppy.Almost."I'm just worried about Harry, he's my best friend." I leaned against the stone wall.May as well humor him, right?Nickolay rolled his eyes and let out a noise of disgust."How could they let a child play?" He spat.I raised an eyebrow."Excuse me?""It's no surprise that they let him enter the contest," he didn't hear me, or he was ignoring me, "since he is Harry Potter, but now that Hogwarts has two champions." He was starting to wave his hands."He didn't want to compete." I said, making my voice loud.Nickolay stopped waving his hand around."Are you sure?" He asked, raising both his eyebrows. "How vell do you know Harry Potter?"I did not like what he was implying."Seeing as we're both 'children' to you. I think I know him better than you ever will." I spat at him.I turned on my heel and walked away."Vait! Cassie!" Nickolay shouted behind me.Cedric Diggory had noticed me walking down the hallway, and made sure to cut off Nickolay by bumping into him so that I could make a quick getaway from the Bulgarian student."You two have better see this." Draco dropped next to me.He had his copy of the Prophet and he was looking grave."What is it?" Harry sighed.I grabbed the paper and read it over.I let out a noise of disgust and gave it to Harry.He read it over and let out a groan."You have got to be kidding me!" He said and slammed the paper down."I'm afraid not, Potter." Draco said in response."Ron's going to see this." I pointed down the way towards Ron.Harry's fell."We have detention with Snape tonight." Harry sighed.My heart broke for him.He was looking forward to the detention because it was his chance to talk with Ron, but if Ron sees the article before Harry had a chance to talk to him…Draco clapped Harry's shoulder before heading back to the Slytherin table for the rest of breakfast."I think you should get away from the castle for a bit." Hermione said.It was Saturday morning, just before the first Hogsmeade trip."What about Ron though? Don't you want to go with him?" Harry asked.Hermione and I shared a look."Oh… well… I thought we might meet up with him in the Three Broomsticks…" Hermione had turned pink."No." Harry's voice was flat."Oh Harry, this is stupid -" Hermione started."I'll come, but I'm not meeting Ron, and I'm wearing my Invisibility Cloak." Harry said."Oh all right then." Hermione snapped."I think you should wear it too." I said thoughtfully."Why?" Hermione turned to me."I don't know." I answered, confused at myself.Hermione gave a huff then turned back to Harry."I hate talking to you in that cloak, I never know if I'm looking at you or not.""I'll go with you. I'll tell Ron what we're doing." I suggested."Fine!" Hermione said in a huff.Harry went to get his cloak, Hermione went to wait for us, and I went to tell Ron."Hey." I poked his shoulder."Hey." He wiped his mouth and made room for me on the bench."Harry's going to take his cloak to Hogsmeade, Hermione and I are going to walk around together so that it doesn't look weird if one of us is talking to ourselves." I whispered into his ear.Ron rolled his eyes."Why bother? He'll enjoy the attention."I slapped his shoulder as I stood up to join Hermione in the Entrance Hall."What do you want to do while in Hogsmeade?" Hermione asked."Well, seeing as it is my first time going I just want to see it." I reminded her.Her eyes widened in realization."I forgot you didn't go last year!" She said in a horrified whisper."It's okay!" I let out a laugh."Oh now we have to walk around!" She said."It's okay! I do want to get into the Three Broomsticks, but that's about it." I put a hand on her shoulder to calm her down.There was a sudden poke in my side and Hermione must have gotten one as well."Let's go and give you your first tour of Hogsmeade!" Hermione laced her arm through mine.I felt Harry's cloak brushing my other arm."First tour?" Harry's voice murmured."I never went last year." I reminded him."Oh yeah!" He murmured in realization.I let out another chuckle as we walked to the little village.I tried my best not to have a wide eye look at everything, but Harry was enjoying my reactions.It was a cute little village, and I couldn't wait to see it in the winter time."I completely forgot that you've never been!" Harry said.We were in Honeydukes and I was having a hard time deciding what to get."It's easy to forget when you've been here." I teased him.I decided to pick some creme filled chocolates to share with Hermione and Harry."Why don't you take your cloak off now?" Hermione asked as we left the shop.""No." Harry answered."Come on, please just take off your cloak for a bit, no one's going to bother you here!" Hermione rolled her eyes."Oh yeah?" Harry's voice said. "Look behind you."I turned around.Rita Skeeter, writer for the Daily Prophet, just walked out of the Three Broomsticks with someone close behind her.Harry had described her to a T.She had bright emerald green robes, a crocodile skin bag, and was wearing glasses that were attached by some beaded thing.I made sure to turn my face so that the unscarred side was facing her, but she didn't give Hermione or me a second glance."She's staying in the village. I bet she's coming to watch the first task." Harry said bitterly.I had a flood of panic in the pit of my stomach. I haven't talked with Harry about what the first task could be…"She's gone." Hermione pulled me out of my panic spiral."Why don't we go and have a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks, it's a bit cold, isn't it? You don't have to talk to Ron!" Hermione said irritably.I let out a chuckle as we headed into the pub.It was packed, so it was warm inside the building.Hermione went to buy the drinks, and I led Harry through the pub. I avoided Ron with his brothers and their friend, Lee.I did wave at them though and I got various nods and waves back."I'd feel like such an idiot if I was sitting here alone." Hermione put the three butterbeers on the table.Harry's hand reached out and took one of the bottles, which disappeared under with him."Like you wouldn't bring something to do." I teased her.She blushed when she pulled out her notebook for S.P.E.W.Her list was still short."You know, maybe I should try and get some of the villagers involved in S.P.E.W." Hermione said thoughtfully as she looked around the pub."Yeah right." Harry said.I took a slow drink from my butterbeer, enjoying the sensation."Hermione, when are you going to give up on this spew stuff?" Harry asked."When house-elves have decent wages and working conditions! You know, I'm starting to think it's time for more direct action. I wonder how you get into the school kitchens?" Hermione asked."No idea, ask Fred and George." Harry answered.We slipped into a comfortable silence. I was wishing I had brought something to do because I was trapped in my thoughts.Harry was going to be talking to Sirius tonight. I was worried about the first task, and I haven't gotten any sort of feeling or dream about what was to come and I had mixed feelings about not knowing the future for once."Look, it's Hagrid!" Hermione had looked up.I saw Hagrid start to stand to his full height. He was usually easy to spot in small spaces like this, but I noticed he was talking to Moody at their own table.They both stood up and started to walk out of the pub. But Moody prodded Hagrid in his lower back and they started in our direction."Oh no." I hissed."Hello Hermione! Hello Cassie!" Hagrid said loudly."Hello!" I greeted him with a smile."Hello!" Hermione greeted back.Moody limped around the table to stand where Harry was sitting."Nice cloak, Potter." Moody muttered.I had a flash of horror. Moody could see under the cloak?!"Can your eye - I mean, can you -?" Harry stuttered."Yeah, it can see through Invisibility Cloaks, and it's come in useful at times, I can tell you." Moody had nodded.Hagrid was beaming as he bent over Hermione's S.P.E.W. notebook."Harry, meet me tonight at midnight at me cabin. Wear that cloak." Hagrid stood up then gave all of us a wink."Nice ter see yeh, Hermione, Cassie." He nodded and led Moody away."Why does Hagrid want me to meet him at midnight?" Harry asked in confusion."Does he?" Hermione looked startled. "I wonder what he's up to? I don't know whether you should go, Harry…" Hermione looked around the pub before whispering the last part."It might make you late for Sirius."I was sitting on the couch in my pajamas. Harry was on the other side checking his watch constantly."I think you should go." I kept my voice low.It was just the two of us this late. Hermione had decided to go to bed early rather than stay up and talk to Sirius."But what about Sirius?" Harry asked."I can keep him busy for the few minutes you'll be missing. You need to go to Hagrid's." I stressed out.Harry nodded thoughtfully."If you're saying I should…" He said slowly."I am. Now go to Hagrid's, when Sirius gets here I'll let him know where you've been." I tapped his leg with my foot."Okay." He sighed and stood up."Have fun.'" I grinned at him."Cassie?"I opened my eyes.My neck was hurting from the angle I had fallen asleep at."Cassie!"I stretched my neck out and looked around.There was no one else in the room."Down here."I looked down and my book went flying in the air and hit the ground with a thunk.Sirius's head was floating in the flames!"Sirius!" I managed to keep my voice quiet."Hello." He chuckled at me."How are you doing?" I asked.I got off the couch and knelt down to be closer to him."I'm doing alright.""Have you been eating?" I asked.He smiled at me."You worry too much. Where's Harry?" He looked around the common room."Hagrid invited him to his hut at midnight. I don't know what's going on but he should be back any minute." I answered, looking towards the portrait.At that moment, it opened and then shut."There he is." I moved over a few inches.Harry appeared out of thin air and got down on his knees, looking sweaty."Sirius! How are you doing?" He asked, relief flooding his face."Never mind me, how are you?" Sirius asked."I'm -"I nudged his arm.Harry spilt everything out. How no else believed that he didn't put his name in the Goblet, how Rita Skeeter had lied about him in the Daily Prophet.I refused to read the article.How being at school was getting hard because he was being sneered at, and how Ron…"... and now Hagrid's just shown me what's coming in the first task, and it's dragons, Sirius, and I'm a goner."My eyes were wide.I knew Harry was keeping everything bottled up, but I can see how dragons could be the tipping point.Sirius had listened to everything Harry had said. And even though I wanted to talk to Sirius about my problems, and about how Draco is changing, and my new found connection to my ancestors."Dragons we can deal with, Harry, but we'll get to that a minute - I haven't got long here… I've broken into a wizarding house to use the fire, but they could be back at any time. There are things I need to warn you about." Sirius was quick to the point."What?" Harry asked.I pushed my shoulder against his."Karkaroff, Harry, he was a Death Eater. You know what Death Eater's are, don't you?""Yes - he - what?" Harry looked at me.I blinked and shrugged."He was caught, he was in Azkaban with me, but he got released. I'll bet everything that's why Dumbledore wanted an Auror at Hogwarts this year - to keep an eye on him. Moody caught Karkaroff. Put him into Azkaban in the first place.""Karakaroff got released?" Harry said slowly."Why did they release him?" I asked."He did a deal with the Ministry of Magic," Sirius answered bitterly. "He said he'd seen the error of his ways, and then he named names... he put a load of other people into Azkaban in his place… He's not very popular in there, I can tell you. And since he got out, from what I can tell, he's been teaching the Dark Arts to every student who passes that school of his. So watch out for the Durmstrang champion as well.""Harry has a significant disadvantage against all of the seventh years. Being as Harry only has four years of magical education versus their seven." I rolled my eyes.Sirius blinked at that.I couldn't tell what else he was thinking about that, because I couldn't read his entire body language."Okay," Harry gave me a look to calm down. "But...are you saying Karkaroff put my name in the goblet? Because if he did, he's a really good actor. He seemed furious about it. He wanted to stop me from competing."I kept my mouth shut.They wouldn't think that Moody would be taken out and replaced.And I didn't have proof outside of my gut feeling.."We know he's a good actor." Sirius nodded., "because he convinced the Ministry of Magic to set him free, didn't he? Now, I've been keeping an eye on the Daily Prophet, Harry -""You and the rest of the world," Harry interjected bitterly."- and reading between the lines of that Skeeter woman's article last month, Moody was attacked the night before he started at Hogwarts. Yes, I know she says it was another false alarm," Sirius said before Harry could get a word out, "but I don't think so, somehow. I think someone tried to stop him from getting to Hogwarts. I think someone knew their job would be a lot more difficult with him around. And no one's going to look into it too closely; Mad-Eye's heard intruders a bit too often. But that doesn't mean he can't still spot the real thing. Moody was the best Auror the Ministry ever had.""So… what are you saying?" Harry asked slowly. "Karkaroff's trying to kill me? But - why?"My heart sank.'Because you're the key to Voldemort returning.'"I've been hearing some very strange things," Sirius started slowly. "The Death Eaters seem to be a bit more active lately. They showed themselves at the Quidditch World Cup, didn't they? Someone set off the Dark Mark… and then - did you hear about that Ministry of Magic witch who's gone missing?"I perked up that, I haven't heard about this."Bertha Jorkins?" Harry asked.My brain gave that fizzle and pop noise. I knew the name, but I couldn't place a face."Exactly… she disappeared to Albania, and that's definitely where Voldemort was rumored to be last… and she would have known the Triwizard Tournament was coming up, wouldn't she?" Sirius nodded."Yeah, but… it's not very likely she'd have walked straight into Voldemort, is it?" Harry asked."Not unless she was under the Imperius Curse." I murmured as I rubbed my finger against my chin.Harry and Sirius both looked at me in horror."I knew, Bertha Jorkins," Sirius said grimly. "She was at Hogwarts when I was, a few years above your dad and me. And she was an idiot. Very nosy, but no brains, none at all. It's not a good combination, Harry. I'd say she'd be very easy to lure into a trap.""So… so Voldemort could have found out about the tournament? Is that what you mean? Karkaroff might be here on his orders?" Harry looked at me.I shook my head and put my hands up.It was possible that Voldemort put in two people at Hogwarts since Dumbledore had so many of his people already here."I don't know," Sirius sighed. "I just don't know... Karkaroff doesn't strike me as the type who'd go back to Voldemort unless he knew Voldemort was powerful enough to protect him. But whoever put your name in that goblet did it for a reason, and I can't help thinking the tournament would be a very good way to attack you and make it look like an accident.""Looks like a really good plan from where I'm standing." Harry looked at me.We shared a bleak grin."They'll just have to stand back and let them dragons at it." I finished."Right - these dragons," Sirius's voice started to pick up in pace. "There's a way, Harry. Don't be tempted to try a Stunning Spell - dragons are strong and powerfully magical to be knocked out by a single Stunner, you need about half a dozen wizards at a time to overcome a dragon - ""Yeah, I know, I just saw," Harry nodded."But you can do it alone," Sirius continued. "There is a way, and a simple spell's all you need. Just -"I heard it too.Harry held up a hand to Sirius.There were footsteps coming down the staircase."Go!" Harry and I hissed together."There's someone coming!" Harry finished.There was a tiny pop! From the fire and Harry and I quickly sat on the couch. He put my feet on his lap in a weird uncharacteristic way. I had picked up my book and had my finger in a random spot."Regular conversation?" I asked, trying to act casual."Regular conversation." Harry nodded.We both looked at each other for a second, unsure of what to say next.Luckily for us, our surprise visitor came out from the stairs.Ron was rubbing his eyes and looking between me and Harry."Oh. It's just you two." He said."What's that go to do with you?" Harry snarled. "What are you doing down here this late at night?""Woah there." I was surprised."I just wondered where you -" Ron shrugged off what he was about to say. "Nothing. I'm going back to bed.""Wait -!" I put my feet on the ground and Harry and I stood up."Just thought you'd come nosing around, did you?" Harry spoke over me."Harry! Stop it!" I grabbed his arm.He shook me off."Sorry about that," Ron said.I looked at Ron, his face had turned red. "Should've realized you wouldn't want to be disturbed with Cassie. I'll let you two get on with practicing for your next interview in peace.""Stop it!" I tried to keep my voice quiet as I grabbed Harry's arm.He was about to reach for a badge that was on the table.I read 'POTTER REALLY STINKS' on them.So Harry resorted to pointing to them."There you go," Harry snarled. "Something for you to wear on Tuesday!"Harry pushed me off and stormed upstairs to bed.Ron turned to look at me and my mouth was as wide as his."You didn't know." I said, trying to keep my voice gentle."Know what?" Ron snarled at me."Sirius was here, and we were talking with him." I gestured to the fireplace.Ron's face paled."I didn't know." Ron shook his head."Come here, let me tell you what's going on." I gestured to the couch.He nodded and sat down.I proceeded to tell him about Harry's feelings, about Karkaroff, and about the dragons."There's no way they're fighting dragons." Ron shook his head in disbelief."They are." I nodded.It's starting to pick up! I'm excited to hear your reactions!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: It's upsetting to me! Because I want her to tell people but if she does then everything will change!Also! Awritingbookworm, I hope everything's alright! I haven't seen (read) anything from you in a few weeks. If you need anything don't be afraid to PM me! (That isn't me uploading another chapter LOL!)

 Chapter 23 Trying to Live LifeI was sitting with Ron at the breakfast table. I gave Hermione a heads up that Harry was going to talk to her at some point so she nodded.I barely ate anything, and I even noticed that Ron was picking at his food."Hey, are you okay?" I nudged his shoulder."Yeah I'm fine." He nodded and forced himself to take a few more bites of his food.I nodded and went to play with my food."Cassie." There was a hand on my shoulder.I looked up and George was standing over me."Yes?" I asked him."Can we take a walk?" He asked nervously.I looked at Ron who nodded."Sure." I said.I took a quick drink from my goblet to wash down what I didn't eat and followed George out of the Great Hall.I saw the subtle thumbs up from Fred as we passed him."Can we walk to the Owlery? I want to see Barnabas." I asked George."Sure." He nodded.We walked in an awkward silence.I didn't want to say anything first. Since George did ask me first.It was until we reached the steps to the owlery did he finally say something."I'm sorry." He sighed."For?" I asked.I wanted to hear him say it.He scratched the back of his neck."It's not a proper apology if you don't say what you're sorry for." I said.It probably came off rude, but I didn't care.He sighed."I'm sorry for the reason why I broke up with you." He finally admitted.I nodded and continued walking up the stairs."You're not going to say anything back?" He asked, chasing after me."What for? George it wasn't okay! You couldn't handle that I had -" I looked around to see if anyone else was at the owlery "- had killed someone in self defense! She was going to kill me! And I didn't mean to kill her! It was the magic that pushed her off of me! I had no control of where or how she landed!" I felt my voice getting higher."I know!" George shouted back."No you didn't! You just thought like father like daughter!" I snarled at him.He flinched away from that.I turned away from his as Barnabas flew down to hoot at me."Why do you want to get back together?" I asked, my voice still angry.He hesitated."I made a mistake… I broke up with you over a stupid reason, and I made an ass out of myself… I never stopped having feelings for you." He said."That's it?" I let out a bark of laughter.He looked hurt."We're never going to get back together, George." I said bitterly."Why not?" He asked."You broke up with me because you thought I was like my father, what's to stop you from breaking up with me because I looked at you wrong and you thought you were next? Or what if you can't handle -" I shook my head."The point I'm trying to make, George, is that you've already broken up with me once. What's going to stop you from doing it a second time?" I asked.George stood there, looking hurt."I want a relationship where if we break up, it's because one of us royally screwed up, or because one of us dies. And I'm not looking for a forever relationship right now. I'm only fourteen! I should be out kissing and making out with whoever I want! Not thinking about who I'm going to marry." I explained.George didn't say anything."I know I'm hurting you, but I don't want you thinking you have a second chance. Especially when I just want to be friends again." I sighed.He nodded slowly."I see." He said.I pet Barnabas who rubbed his face against mine. Hedwig had floated down to us and was clicking her beak at me."I'm still hurt by why and how you broke up with me, and I'm working through it, but we need to rebuild our friendship again. Because I cannot keep going on like this." I said as I scratched Hedwig's feathers.George sighed."Okay. How do we restart?" He asked reluctantly."When we're both willing to be just friends." I deadpanned.He nodded."So not today?" He asked, looking at me.He reminded me of a kicked puppy."Not today." I shook my head.He sighed at that and nodded again."Can we go back now?" I asked."Yeah, we can." He gestured to the door."Thank you." I nodded.I gave Barnabas and Hedwig both kisses on their heads and then walked out of the door.Draco and I were in the library. I didn't want to be around Ron, or Harry, and I had just told him the full story behind George's and mine break up."You have the weirdest life." Draco shook his head.I chuckled dryly at that."I wouldn't say weirdest, just active." I retorted.He let out a chuckle at that.I had wandered up to the Astronomy Tower. Draco had agreed to come with me, to my surprise."Why are we up here?" Draco asked as I sat down."I need to tell you something, and it's something I haven't even told everyone else yet." I patted the spot next to me.He sat down next to me and listened to what I had to say about the Seer Laws."You haven't done anything to have it taken from you." Morgan le Fay answered, a slight humorous look in her eyes."Can it be taken though?" I asked thoughtfully.She looked deeply into my eyes."Yes." "Did my mother -?" I didn't know how to finish my question."She did. Two years before you were born, but that doesn't stop the Gift from being passed along," Morgan explained."Really? Is it in the blood or something?" I asked."It is actually." Morgan nodded, a proud smile on her face."So, hypothetically, when I have children and if I don't have my gift my girls can still get it?" I asked.I was working towards something. "Yes." She nodded."Can you take the Gift out of the blood?" I deadpanned.Morgan blinked."N -""Don't lie to me." I squinted my eyes at her.Morgan returned my stare."Yes." She nodded."Okay." I nodded.She looked at me with a suspicious look.I sighed and put my hand through my hair."Tell me about the Laws." I said.Morgan Le Fay stood up and had a blackboard appear and she started writing them down.'Seer Laws'1. Do not meddle with the future.2. Do not tell anyone what you see"That's it?" I asked."That's it." She nodded."Am I supposed to take these to heart? Or…?" I asked"If you change the future then you must suffer the consequences. Those change between each change of the futures. So you never know what the consequences are until you're facing them. And then, if you tell someone, they can change the future and you will still suffer the consequences, not the person for changing them. It's a strange way of it -" She made a circular motion."What goes around comes around." I understood."That's the saying." Morgan nodded."Why is it that I can understand you?" I asked.She grinned."In this place we can understand each other, but if you were to hear my actual language, you would hear Old English." She answered."Oh, that's really cool." I chuckled.She also let out a chuckle."Do you have any more questions?" She asked me."Yes," I nodded."What are they?" Morgan sat down next to me."Can I… bring forth visions? I think that's how I want to word it?" I questioned.Morgan blinked."Right, you don't know anything. Yes, there is a way to bring forth visions of the future, but you have to start out small first. I honestly believe that your grandmother will be the better teacher as they have improved the ways since -""I'm not contacting that old hag." I shook my head.There was a cough behind me.I turned around and a new woman had shown up, she was older, with gray hair pulled in a tight bun and brown eyes.I stood up and pointed at her."Hello dear."Draco's eyes were wide."No way!" He gasped."Way." I nodded."You called your grandmother a hag and she was right there!" Draco started to howl with laughter."I can meet my ancestors and that is what you got out of that?!" I started howling with laughter too."Sorry that's just way too funny!" Draco wiped his eyes.I rolled my eyes at him."Sorry, sorry, what happened next?" He asked."What are you doing here?" I glared at her."That is no -!""You have no right to tell me how I should treat my elders when I don't know you." I said in a singsong voice.Her face, wrinkling from old age, grew red in anger."She has a point, Kassandra." Morgan stood up and crossed her arms.Kassandra was still red, but now it was with embarrassment."Well since you're here." I sighed.Kassandra turned around and took several deep breaths."Cassiopeia," She paused.I nodded to her.She didn't deserve to call me Cassie."I am your grandmother, and I regret disowning your mother." She finally got out."You regret it? She's dead." I deadpanned.She had a flash of annoyance and puffed out her cheeks."I have fourteen years worth of hate for you." I glared at her.She blinked at that."I have thirteen years of living in an orphanage, and not even a year of living with my father's relatives. You 'Saw' me in a vision and you didn't bother reaching out for me until I was already adopted! What did you expect? Me crying and happy to see you?" I asked, getting angrier with each word.She flushed at that."You did!" I started to laugh."Do you want help or not, child?" She snapped at me."Not from you!" I snapped back.She blinked at that then sniffed."I'm the only one who can help you." She stared coldly."I know. But that doesn't mean I have to start calling you gram-gram and asking for cookies and milk." I said just as coldly."Wow… you really hate her." Draco had wide eyes."I don't hate her. I just don't want to have a relationship with her." I clarified."So why are we up here?" Draco asked again."Because it's the only time I have at the moment for a lesson. That was something she had to agree too. I called on her for lessons since I'm at school and the Triwizard Tournament is going on." I answered.Draco let out a chuckle."I bet she wasn't happy about that.""Not at all!" I laughed with him."So how are you going to contact her?" Draco asked."Through meditation. My eyes are going to do that weird thing and I want someone to watch over me. All of my other friends are busy at the moment." I admitted sheepishly."Are they still fighting?" Draco sighed."Yeah…" I nodded.Draco nodded."Okay, contact your grandmother, I'll watch over you." He patted my shoulder."Thanks!" I smiled at him.I crossed my legs and rested my hands on my knees. I tried doing that classic holding your finger and thumb in an O shape but it wasn't comfortable for me.I breathed in and out as slowly as I could for what felt forever before opening my eyes and seeing I was still in the Astronomy Tower."Did you go?" Draco asked."No. I'm not sure how to get there. I was called there last time with Morgan Le Fay." I frowned."I still can't believe you're related to her." He shook his head."She's a cool woman." I grinned then closed my eyes again.'Focus on the Seer room.' I thought to myself. 'Focus on the Seer room…'I opened my eyes and was relieved to see I was in the courtroom. "Kassandra?" I called out.My voice only slightly echoed in here."Hello Cassiopeia." I turned around and Kassandra was back."Hello. I'm sorry if this is a bad time for you." I bowed my head slightly at her.She blinked in surprise at that."It is a good time actually, I just went down for my nap." She nodded, squinting her eyes suspiciously at me."I know how to act respectful." I rolled my eyes at her.She huffed at that comment."Now, what are the basics?" I asked her."I need to know what you're capable of." She said with a nod."I can see visions of the future, but only when it wants to be seen. I usually just open my mouth and I say things from the future." I answered promptly.She nodded."Can you stop yourself from saying things?" She asked."Sometimes, other times it's an accident and I don't realize I'm saying it until it's said." I admitted."Moments like that, do you get a weird feeling?" She asked."What do you mean?" I asked."Does your mouth get a strange taste? Like pickles, popcorn or anything?" She asked.I thought back to those moments and shook my head."I do get funny feelings in my stomach about people though. If I sense they're untrustworthy because they're against me or going to turn against me my stomach does a flip or something like that." I informed her."But when you speak things, you don't get a funny taste in your mouth?" Kassandra pushed that issue."No." I shook my head."I see, that's going to be difficult." She murmured under her breath in disappointment."Is it easier to stop yourself from saying something if you have a taste in your mouth?" I asked, tilting my head."It is, because if you don't sense it you have a harder time catching it." Kassandra sighed."Okay, how do I catch it?" I asked.Kassandra tapped her chin and paced a couple of times.I came back and was surprised to see that only some time had passed."How long was I gone?" I turned to Draco."Maybe fifteen minutes?" He stretched his arms over his head."It felt like I was there forever!" I let myself fall back and stretch out."What did you learn?" Draco asked."Well, first I need to find how to stop randomly saying things about the future, then we can move on." I answered.Draco stood up and offered me a hand."How are you going to do that?" Draco asked as I stood up."I need to pay attention. Last year, when Hagrid was introducing us to the hippogriffs, Hermione asked what we thought we were doing and I said 'something with feathers'. So when I'm asked a question like that, I need to be on guard for what I can say next." I explained as we went back down the staircase.Draco shook his head."I grew up being taught how to act and talk, how are you going to catch up?" He asked."Lucky for me, I've got Hermione who catches those moments. Like at the Cup, I knew Ireland was going to win, but Krum would catch the Snitch." I shrugged."You knew?" Draco gasped."I did, but that doesn't mean we can start placing bets on anything and everything!" I gave him a pointed look.Draco let out a laugh."You don't need to be a Seer to see where that was going, huh?" He nudged my shoulder with his."No!" I laughed with him.Pamela, please don't hate me..Shout out to richark for adding 'The Treasured Philosopher's Stone' to your favorite and following list! And also for adding me to you following author list!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: This is the chapter LOLOLOLOL as for Sirius knowing Cassie is a Seer, I think he knows? I'll have to reread everything and maybe make a small reveal chapter. Remus knew, so I'm sure Sirius knows. I just have to find the chapter. Draco is growing a lot! I'm so proud of him and how far he's come along!Awritingbookworm: You're fine! I just hadn't seen you in awhile and with everything going on in the world I was a little worried. As for Ron, I liked that he was jealous of Ron so I wanted to play on that because I don't want him to hate Harry at the end.

Chapter 24 The First TaskI was sitting with Harry and Hermione the next day. Ron had decided that Harry needed us more than he did.I was eating some bacon, trying to figure out what to do about my new found connection with my grandmother, and how to help Harry with his dragon problem.Then Harry stood up suddenly, and something crossed his face.I turned around to face the direction he was looking and saw Warrington walking from the Slytherin table.Harry looked at me with wide eyes."Hermione, we'll meet you at the greenhouses," Harry said, gesturing between the two of us.But, Harry, you'll be late, the bell's about to ring -""We'll catch up, I promise!" I said to Hermione.Harry and I chased after Warrington who was heading down to the dungeons."Go in there!" I pushed Harry towards an empty classroom."Are you goi-?" Harry asked."I can get him." I nodded.I turned away from Harry and raced after Warrington."Warrington!" I called out.I got several people to turn around and some of them glared.Warrington was tapped on the shoulder and a hand pointed in my direction."Warrington!" I called again, waving at him.He nodded to his friends and worked his way through the crowd."Zwart, what is it?" Warrington asked."Can we talk in private?" I asked, looking pointedly at his friends.Warrington nodded to everyone and they took three steps away from us.I let out a chuckle."What's a fourth year going to do against a seventh year?" I asked loudly.Several chuckles echoed mine and we got just a little bit more space.I looked around one more time."Follow me, I promise, it's not an ambush." I murmured."Okay?" Warrington asked behind me.I heard his footsteps following mine so I didn't look back."Go in there." I pointed to the empty classroom."Are you sure it's not an ambush?" Warrington asked warily."It's Potter, he has something to tell you." I gestured towards the classroom again.Warrington pushed the door open, and only walked in when he saw it was Harry in there.I waited outside, not wanting to be a part of that conversation.After five minutes Warrington came out of the classroom, looking at me suspiciously but heading towards the dungeons.Harry came out, his face a mixture of emotions."How did it -?"I stopped my question when we heard a familiar clunking sound.I turned around and glared at Moody who was glaring back at me."Come with me, Potter. Off you go, Zwart." Moody growled.I glared at him."We're supposed to be in Herbology." I answered firmly."Never mind that, tell Professor Sprout Potter's joined me for a cup of tea. And you're excused for being late." Moody growled at me.I looked at Harry who only shrugged."Alright Professor." I nodded to him.I walked around him, not wanting to be closer to him more than I had to be.I walked into Herbology by myself, earning Gryffindor a loss of five points but no more than that thankfully."Where have you been?" Hermione hissed at me when I passed her."Where is Harry? Weren't you two together?" Neville asked when I joined their group."Harry's with Moody, I don't know why but I don't think he's in trouble." I murmured to them.Harry came in a few minutes later. He muttered an apology to Sprout, I pouted that he didn't get any points taken."Hermione! Cassie! I need your help!" He hissed to us as he joined our group."What do you think we've been trying to do?" Hermione hissed back."What do you need?" I asked."I need to learn how to do a Summoning Charm properly by tomorrow afternoon." He said in a final matter."You have got to be kidding me." Hermione and I rolled our eyes together.We found ourselves in an empty classroom during lunch, trying to get Harry to summon little things to him.They would get halfway to him, and then drop to the ground."Concentrate, Harry, concentrate…" Hermione said."What d'you think I'm trying to do?" Harry asked angrily. "A great big dragon keeps popping up in my head for some reason… Okay, try again…"I explained to him how I imagined the fishing pole.His summoning improved a quarter of the way, but that dragon was in his mind.Harry wanted all of us to skip our next class. I had to remind him that I needed the Divination lesson even if it was going to be useless, and Hermione wasn't going to miss Arithmancy. He stomped the entire way up the tower with me.The lesson turned out to be useless because Trelawney wouldn't stop going off about how the position of Mars with relation to Saturn at that moment meant that people born in July were in great danger of sudden, violent deaths."Well, that's good," Harry exploded.I didn't stop him."Just as long as it's not drawn-out. I don't want to suffer."Ron let out a noise from behind me, and Harry just focused on the table.I knew he was practicing the wand motion and he was whispering the incantation under his breath. I nudged his leg with my foot and gestured to my quill and put it under the table.I would feel it tug out of my hand, but it never left.After dinner, I changed into my sneaking clothes. I did put my cloak on over those since Hermione, Harry, and I did not fit under the Invisibility Cloak. I brought my map to use as a lookout and I was only going to sneak if we needed to split up.We helped Harry until past midnight, then Peeves found us in the classroom and was under the impression that Harry wanted objects thrown at him.So we went back to the common room, Hermione carrying my cloak, Harry my map, and me following their footsteps as I darkened my body so that I wouldn't be seen at first glance.The common room was, mercifully, empty when we got back. So I went upstairs to put on my pajamas instead of wearing my sneaking clothes.By two o'clock, I was fighting back yawns every few minutes, Harry was surrounded by heaps of objects: books, quills, several upturned chairs, an old set of Gobstones, and Neville's toad, Trevor.Harry seemed to finally have the hand of the Summoning Charm."That's better, Harry, that's loads better." Hermione fought back a yawn."Well, now we know what to do next time I can't manage a spell," Harry held the book he was holding towards me.I summoned it to myself so that he could get it from me again, "threaten you with a dragon?" I smiled jokingly at him."Exactly. Accio Dictionary!"The heavy book flew out of my hands and Harry caught it."Harry, I really think you've got it!" Hermione said in delight."Just as long as it works tomorrow," Harry gave a huge sigh. "The Firebolt's going to be much farther away than the stuff in here, it's going to be in the castle, and I'm going to be out there on the grounds…""That doesn't matter," Hermione said firmly.I couldn't fight this next yawn."Just as long as you're concentrating really, really hard on it, it'll come. Harry, we'd better get some sleep… you're going to need it."I waited for Hermione to go up the stairs as Harry and I waited."Do you want me -?" I gestured to the boys staircase.Harry slowly shook his head."Are you sure?" I asked."I don't want us to give everyone the wrong impression." He admitted."Okay, if you need me…" I paused.How was he supposed to get a hold of me if he needed me during the night?"Don't worry so much about me." He chuckled."I can't help it." I chuckled with him.The next morning, I didn't leave Harry's side. I had laced our arms together and made sure to guide him to all of his classes.He seemed to be losing track of time because he was always surprised when we were somewhere new.At dinner, he finally came around. Only because McGonagall had come over and was tapping his shoulder."Potter, the champions have to come down onto the grounds now… You have to get ready for your first task."I noticed that McGonagall was looking quite pale."Professor, are family members allowed?" I asked as Harry nodded and stood up.She looked at me and her lips grew thin."Can she come?" Harry asked."Miss Zwart can come with us, but she can't be there for the instructions." She finally nodded."Good enough for me. See you in a bit, Hermione." I stood up quickly and followed Harry and McGonagall.My hair was a mess of colors from the emotions I was feeling. When it was just McGonagall, Harry and I, I grabbed Harry's hand and squeezed it.Harry gripped my hand so hard, it actually kind of hurt.I drew in a small breath, and he loosened his grip, but only a little bit."Now, don't panic," McGonagall said, looking over her shoulder at us. "We've got wizards around standing by to control the situation if it gets out of hand… The main thing is just to do your best and nobody will think any the worse of you… Are you alright?" She asked Harry."Yes." Harry nodded. "Yes, I'm fine."McGonagall and I shared a worried look with each other.She led us to a yellow tent in the forest."Miss Zwart, you'll need to stay out here, Potter the other champions are in there." McGonagall's voice had started to shake. "Mr. Bagman is in there… he'll be telling you the - the procedure… Good luck.""Thanks." Harry's voice had gone distant.McGonagall and I shared another look as she left us.Harry opened the tent and stood in the doorway, not willing to step inside.I saw Fleur Delacour was looking quite pale on her little stool. Krum was looking surlier than usual. Warrington had noticed us in the doorway, he gave Harry a nod and me a quizzical look."Harry!"I looked and Bagman was beaming at Harry, then he noticed me."Mr. Bagman, this is Cassie. She's my God-sister." Harry gestured to me.I waved at him nervously."Come in, come in!" Bagman grinned kindly at us. "Make yourself at home!""Thank you!" I tried to smile, but it was more of a grimace."Well, now we're all here - plus a guest -" Bagman gestured to me.Harry and I were standing close to each other, but no one cared so I just grabbed his hand and squeezed."- time to fill you in!" Bagman turned back to champions."When the audience has assembled, including Miss -" He gestured to me."Zwart." I offered."Zwart." He nodded again, his smile never leaving. "I'm going to be offering each of you this bag" - he held up a small sack of purple silk and shook it - "from which you will select a small model of the thing you are about to face! There are different - er - varieties, you see. And I have to tell you something else too… ah, yes… your task is to collect the golden egg!"I inhaled sharply through my nose and looked at Harry with wide eyes.Harry looked at me, but I don't think he caught my meaning. I wasn't sure if he would hear what I had to say so I kept my mouth shut.Within seconds of deciding not to say anything, there was hundreds and hundreds of feet walking past the tent we were all in.Bagman had put a hand on my shoulder, making me jump and give a squeak in surprise."Sorry Miss Zwart." He chuckled."It's okay, Mr. Bagman." I chuckled back."Why don't you go with the rest of the students?" He suggested kindly."Okay." I nodded, standing up and giving Harry's hand one last squeeze."Good luck." I directed it at Harry, but I said it loud enough for them all to hear.I slipped out of the tent and managed to blend in with the students. I looked around, either looking for red hair, silver blond, or Hermione's bushy hair. But I didn't find any of them.'I forgot to tell Harry to imagine the egg as a snitch!' I cursed myself."Cassie!" My shoulder was grabbed.I looked up and was relieved to see George."George!" I couldn't keep the relief out of it."Are you alright?" He asked.He put an arm around my shoulder, not to be close to me, but to guide me through the crowd."I am terrified!" I answered."Are you kidding? This is going to be amazing!" He was grinning at me.I tried to return his grin but my lips wouldn't obey."Weasley, have you found -? Cassie!"George and I turned to see Draco pushing his way through the crowd."Draco!" I sighed in relief.I reached my hand out and he grabbed it, using it to pull himself towards me."I saw you leave the Hall with Potter. Is he alright?" Draco gave George a nod who nodded back."No. I think he may die of a nervous breakdown." I admitted as George led us through the crowd.I saw Ginny, Fred, Ron, Hermione, and Neville all standing together.Neville went pale and tried to go stand somewhere else but Hermione was whispering into his ear."I forgot about Longbottom." Draco hissed in my ear."Just don't tease him like how you haven't been teasing the others." I hissed back."How is Harry?" Hermione asked when Draco and I joined her."Not good." I shook my head as I leaned against the post.I had wrapped my arm through Draco's and was squeezing his robes, trying to calm my nerves."This is an awfully big arena." Draco looked around.There were wizards on the ground, they were moving strangely shaped rocks carefully. I noticed something glittering in the center of the pile."We're such idiots!" I hissed in Hermione's ear."What do you mean?" Hermione whispered to me."Harry should just summon the egg rather than his broom!" I whispered urgently.Her face paled at that."And he's not going to think about it like that!" I shook my head as a whistle blew."Welcome!" Bagman's voice boomed across the arena.I grabbed Draco's arm and squeezed it."If I hurt you, please let me know." I told him.I wasn't going to trust my voice through this task."Our first task we have our champions doing, is DRAGONS!" Bagman roared.There were cheers from around the arena, but you could hear the gasps of horror.A cage door opened and a beautiful blue-grey dragon crawled out. She roared and blue flames flickered out of her nostrils.My stomach dropped as Warrington walked into the arena."Cassius Warrington is our first champion and he will be facing the Swedish Short-Snout!" Bagman informed the crowd.I think Draco was at a loss of words at what he was seeing before him.Warrington saw the egg and tried to go after it. I couldn't hear what spells he was using and I didn't recognize most of them.The dragon noticed him and reared up, letting out a roar and going after Warrington.Bagman was still commentating, but I couldn't hear what he was saying.He pointed his wand at a rock and it Transfigured into a labrador. The dragon went after it and Warrington was able to get to the egg. But the dragon realized what had happened and changed her mind, going after Warrington."Oh no!" Hermione's hands were digging into her face.I was trying to keep from digging my nails into Draco's arm so I was squeezing his robes sleeves instead."Warrington has the egg! Excellent showmanship of Transfiguration!" Bagman's voice echoed.Wizards came out from hidden areas and were doing everything to get the Short-Snout back into her cage.I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding."We have three more of those to go through." Draco said in a horrified voice.Ron turned to me, his face pale."Whoever put his name in the Goblet, they're trying to do him in!" Ron said, his voice a pitch higher."No shit!" I snapped at him."Time for Warrington's scores!" Bagman called.I didn't pay attention to the scores. I had turned around and crouched, putting my head between my knees."Breath deeply in through your nose, and out of your mouth." It was Neville who was crouched next to me."I'm okay." I said, my voice shaking."Our second champion is Miss Fleur Delacour as she takes on the Welsh Green!" Bagman called out.I stood up, with Neville's help, and turned around to see a small green dragon was released with a new egg in the middle.The silvery blonde came out with a confidence I couldn't match. When she faced her dragon, she pointed her wand at it. The welsh green went into some sort of a trance and fell asleep, laying her head.Delacour hurried over to the egg pile, not wasting any time. But the dragon had let out a flicker of flames and Delacour's skirt caught on fire. She put it out with her wand and grabbed her egg."That was quick!" I clapped along with the cheering crowd.She was scored and the dragon keeper wizards cleaned up the dragon easily and put out a new golden egg for the next contestant.Krum was introduced with Chinese Fireball.Krum didn't waste any time, pointing his wand at the dragon and hitting it in the eye. Only problem is that the dragon didn't go down. She went on a painful rage and ended up destroying half of the eggs under her. Krum had to wait for the moment to get the egg so the dragon keepers could get her under control."Here comes Harry." Hermione had laced her arm through mine and was still digging her nails into her face."And that!" I pointed in horror.The last dragon they released, looked mean! She had spikes all around her skull, and her tail had them going a fraction of the way up. She was breathing fire out of her mouth and I did not want to mess with her."Our last Champion is Harry Potter with the Hungarian Horntail!""Use your wand!" Hermione and I both shouted down.Harry didn't hear us, but I watched as he pointed his wand in the air and summoned his broom."Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no…" Hermione repeated next to me."It'll work!" I assured her.Luckily for me, I was right.Harry's Firebolt was zooming through the air and stopped just behind him."Think of it like Quidditch!" I shouted, almost falling over the rail.Draco had grabbed the back of my robes and pulled me back over."What is this? Potter has used a Summoning Charm to summon his Firebolt? Amazing use of charms!" Bagman complimented.Harry got on his broom and did a lap around the arena. He was focused on the ground and his shoulders seemed to relax."That's better!" I gave a small sigh of relief.The dragon didn't leave her eggs, instead following Harry with her head and using her tail to make her hits.I let out a screech of horror when her tail went for Harry, but Harry was able to dodge it in time."I hate to admit it, but he's good." Draco grumbled in my ear.I let out a laugh at that, and it helped the tension in my shoulders.Harry started to do evasive maneuvers around the Horntail. He wasn't focused on the crowd and I was relieved to see that.He dodged a burst of fire, but her tail caught him in the shoulder.The crowd let out a scream of fear and disappointment.The Horntail was still not leaving her clutch of eggs, and Harry noticed that. He flew around her head, getting steadily higher and higher. When she reared up, he dove straight down and snatched the egg!"Look at that!" Bagman's voice finally reached me. "Will you look at that! Our youngest champion is quickest to get his egg! Well, this is going to shorten the odds on Mr. Potter!""We're going to go see Harry, do you want to come with us?" I turned to Draco.He hesitated for a second then nodded.I grabbed his arm and Hermione and I led our small group out of the stands as the crowd mingled with excited shouts and laughs.Hermione rushed into the medical tent where we knew Harry was going to be, Ron right behind her."Harry, you were brilliant!" Hermione squeaked.I had waited outside with Draco, not wanting to crowd the tent."Aren't we going inside?" Draco asked."Not yet." I shook my head.Draco looked at me in confusion before Hermione came out howling."What just happened?" Draco asked."Harry and Ron finally made up." I grinned as Harry walked out with his Firebolt over his shoulder and his egg under his arm.Ron was right by his side."Thank Merlin's Pants you're alive!" I couldn't stop myself from leaping on Harry."Merlin's Pants?!" Draco and Ron both let out laughs."I'm glad I'm alive too!" Harry didn't drop anything, he let his head drop onto my shoulder as I hugged him.That moment of relief we shared between us was the best feeling I've had that year.Ron couldn't keep his comments to himself."You were the best, you know, no competition." Ron started to speak.I pulled away from Harry and Draco offered me his arm."Warrington Transfigured a rock on the ground into a dog." I added my comment to Harry as we walked back to the arena.Ron took over explaining to Harry what the other champions did as Draco and I walked behind them."You can breathe now." Draco murmured in my ear.I slowed us down so that they were farther ahead of us."I can't actually." I murmured back.Draco tilted his head at me.I wished, in that moment, that I could just tell someone the truth about what was going to happen at the end of this year…First task is over and done!Shout out to Awritingbookworm, Pamela Hutchins, LilyLunaPotter for leaving a review!Awritingbookworm: Thank you! I want there to be pent up anger towards her mother's side of the family because, you know, disowning and things. As for the George, obviously there's emotions there and I wouldn't have gotten back together with him in that situation.Pamela Hutchins: Yeah. Cassie has a lot of feelings about that and since George hurt her, she wanted to hurt him back. Which is never okay but she is only fourteen years old so it's understandable that she would hit him where it hurts; verbally. I've been playing with who she should end up with in the end. There's still so many books to get through so when I find the right fit I'm sure we'll all be happy with whoever they are. (Again playing with many different people.)LilyLunaPotter: YOU. ARE. A. CHAMP! I looked forward to your reviews and I laughed at them! I didn't have the idea of Ariel to be Karen because I did state that she was still a kitten when Cassie got her. But that has the potential to be a good story line! To answer, I update every Friday unless I have something unexpected come up and I will post on either Thursday or Saturday depending on what is happening. As for your idea of asking questions, I wouldn't know what to ask because eventually I would run out of questions to ask.So how about you all ask me a question and I'll answer it?

Chapter 25 Celebrations and CongratulationsHermione, Harry, Ron, and I were walking up to Owlery together.I was relieved that we were all back together."Fits, doesn't it?" Ron looked back at me.Harry had just filled him in about Karkaroff as we were sending Sirius a letter."I mean, he could have been running around with Malfoy's dad at the World Cup in those masks… I'll tell you one thing, Harry, if it was Karkaroff who put your name in the goblet, he's got to be feeling really stupid now, isn't he? Didn't work, did it? You only got a scratch! Come here - I'll do it -" Ron had grabbed his owl, Pigwidegeon.I was told that Ginny had named the owl, and I never would have thought she had a weirder taste in names than I did!"There's no way any of the other tasks are going to be that dangerous, how could they be?" Ron asked when Harry attached his letter."How could they not be?" I asked.Hermione and Ron both shot me dirty looks at that."I reckon you could win this tournament, Harry, I'm serious." Ron said to Harry.I knew he was trying to make up for lost time with him being angry about the name situation."Harry's got a long way to go before he finishes this tournament," Hermione spoke up, her voice serious. "If that was the first task, and Cassie could be right, I hate to think what's coming next.""Right little rays of sunshine, aren't you?" Ron scowled at us.He put his arm back and chucked Pig out the window.Pig fell through the air for a few feet before righting himself and flying off.Harry had written a long letter, giving Sirius a play-by-play of his encounter with a fully grown dragon.I had even managed to include a small letter to him letting him know that I've been in contact with my mother's side of the family against my will but I had too.Hermione, Ron, and Harry were still unsure how my family connection worked exactly, but they did understand that I have been in contact with my grandmother.Hermione, obviously, wanted me to build a relationship with Kassandra. Ron and Harry were on my side of only keeping her at a distance. She didn't make an effort to get me when I was younger, why now all of a sudden?"Well, we'd better get downstairs for your surprise party, Harry - Fred and George should have nicked enough food from the kitchens by now." Ron grinned at Harry.We let Harry in first, since this was his party. My ears exploded from the sudden cheers and shouts.Seamus had drawn up some impressive banners of Harry against the Horntail, and Warrington was depicted with his head on fire. I made it a point to take those banners down and I sat with them on my lap, glaring at anyone who tried to take them from me.Harry had grabbed his golden egg and put it on a table for the common room to admire."Blimey, this is heavy." Lee had picked it up and was weighing it in his hands. "Open it, Harry, go on! Let's just see what's inside it!" Lee passed the egg to Harry."He's supposed to work out the clue on his own," Hermione said swiftly, "it's in the tournament rules…""There's nothing wrong with showing people what's inside." I rolled my eyes at her."I was supposed to work out how to get past the dragon on my own too." Harry whispered to us.Hermione flushed and gave us a guilty grin."Open it, Harry!" Several people urged him.Harry felt around for the switch at the top of the egg and opened it.I slapped my hands over my ears as it let out a terrible shrieking noise."Shut it!" Fred bellowed."What was that? Seamus asked, staring at the egg with wide eyes when Harry shut it. "Sounded like a banshee… maybe you've got to get past one of those next, Harry!""It was someone being tortured!" Neville's face was extremely white. "You're going to have to fight the Cruciatus Curse!""Don't be a prat, Neville." George rolled his eyes."That's illegal." I said gently."They wouldn't use the Cruciatus Curse on the champions. I thought it sounded a bit like Percy singing… maybe you've got to attack him while he's in the shower, Harry." George continued on his tirade as Neville looked shamefully at his hands."Don't worry, Neville." I patted his shoulder in an effort to comfort him."Want a jam tart, Cassie? Hermione?" Fred offered.When I turned my head he was offering a plate full of different flavored tarts.Fred had never played a prank on me, but Hermione still stopped my hand from reaching the tarts. She was frowning suspiciously at them."It's all right," Fred reassured her. "I haven't done anything to them. It's the custard creams you've got to watch -"Neville, having just taken a bite of a custard cream, choked. I patted his back and handed him a goblet of water as Fred laughed."Just my little joke, Neville." Fred assured Neville.Neville was flushing in embarrassment and bowed his head.I took a couple of jelly tarts from Fred as Hermione looked at them thoughtfully."Fred, did you get all this from the kitchens?""Yep," Fred grinned at her." 'Anything we can get you, sir, anything at all!' They're dead helpful… get me a roast ox if I said I was peckish." Fred changed the pitch of his voice at first to mimic the squeak of an elf."How do you get in there." Hermione managed to keep her voice innocently casual."Easy," Fred said, looking at me. "Concealed door behind a painting of -""Hermione." I raised my eyebrow at her.Fred stopped and looked at her suspiciously.She glared at me."Why do you want to know?" Fred asked her."No reason." Hermione answered quickly."Going to try and lead the house-elves out on strike now, are you?" George asked. "Going to give up all the leaflet stuff and try to stir them up into rebellion?"Several people around us chortled at that."Don't you go upsetting them and telling them they've got to take clothes and salaries!" Fred warned her. "You'll put them off their cooking!"Before anything more could be said, Neville had turned into a human sized canary!"Holy shit!" I shouted in surprise."Oh - sorry, Neville!" Fred shouted over the laughter. "I forgot - it was the custard creams we hexed -"Within a minute, Neville had molted and he looked completely normal. He even joined in the laughter."Canary Creams!" Fred held up the tray. "George and I invented them - seven Sickles each, a bargain!"They were swarmed with students and Fred winked at me.I managed to pull away from the crowd and no one bothered to check why the portrait hole opened and closed.I had put my cloak over my head and stuck to the shadows. I didn't want to go up and change into my 'sneaking clothes' since I wouldn't be able to sneak down and out without anyone's attention.Everyone would have noticed me, that's for sure.I was sticking to the shadows and was grateful that I saw a couple of ghosts along the way.The teachers patrolling probably avoided the tower or were sleeping off their own nerves too.I made it to the dungeons without any problems, but when I got there, I did face one.How was I supposed to get to the Slytherin common room?"Why aren't you in your common room?" A slow voice asked.I turned around slowly.The Bloody Baron looked at me with a bored look."Um. Please don't get mad?" I turned around to show him my Gryffindor badge on my uniform.He raised an eyebrow at me, but he got a suspicious look on his face."What do you want?" He glared at me."I wanted to congratulate Warrington for his time at the task today. I didn't get a chance earlier." I explained, keeping it short and to the point."That's all?" He asked."What is a fourth year going to do against a seventh year?" I retorted.He looked at me.He wore chains around his torso, and they hung off his arms and legs."Please." I tried.He shook his head."Then could you pass on the message? Zwart said congratulations. Please?" I asked.He frowned at me."You're a Gryffindor." He stated."And Warrington is a Slytherin, yes I'm aware of how this looks." I let out a chuckle.He still had that suspicious look on his face."You don't have to pass on the message, I'll try to find him tomorrow." I bowed my head.I put the hood of my cloak back on and headed back up the stairs to the castle."Zwart, you said?" The Baron asked from behind me."Yes, sir." I said over my shoulder and continued on my way.The next day at breakfast, I was greeted at the front of the Great Hall."Zwart." Warrington was, surprisingly, by himself."Warrington." I nodded to him."The Baron told me you had something to tell me?" He looked at me suspiciously.His eyes flickered over my shoulder and I turned around.Fred was on his way to us. His chest was puffed out and he was trying to look threatening.I put my hand up and shook my head.His chest deflated a little bit but he stood away from us, glowering at Warrington."Sorry." I sighed as I turned back to Warrington.I noticed the two other Slytherins. I thought Warrington was alone, but the two Slytherins were casually standing a few feet away from him."It's not smart of you to not have back up." Warrington said to me."Then how do I prove my intentions don't have any nefarious thoughts attached to them?" I retorted.He blinked at that."Sorry, those were a lot of words. How do I prove that I'm trying if I'm walking around with guys bigger than me?" I asked again, gesturing to Fred behind me.He blinked at that, but he was nodding slowly."I don't think you'll ever be able to prove it, there's too much animosity between our two houses." He answered."I won't be able to, but maybe if I can get the first years every year from here on out, maybe, eventually, that can change." I sighed.He looked at me thoughtfully at that."I never thought about it that way. I'm always focused on what I can do today." He admitted.I couldn't help my grin."I can't help but focus on what I can do tomorrow."He looked thoughtfully at me."So what was it you wanted to tell me?" He asked."Right! Congratulations on not dying yesterday. And for getting your egg." I smiled at him."Thank you. I really didn't want to believe it was dragons for our first task." He admitted this time letting out a laugh."Me too. Harry is in over his head." I shook my head."Have you figured out how he got his name in the Goblet?" He asked, leaning casually against the wall."He didn't want to participate. Why would he put his name in?" I asked, folding my arms to match his casualness."Then who would want him in the Tournament?" Warrington asked.I noticed that he was reading my face, waiting for a tell of sorts.I forced my shoulders to stay still."I don't know."A shortish and sweetish chapter. I was actually surprised with myself when I wrote Cassie to go down to the dungeons to congratulate Warrington. It's not necessarily out of character for her but the moment I thought about it I wrote it down and it just felt right.Shout out to Pamela Hutchins, LilyLunaPotter, and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: Thank you! As for who she is going to the ball with that's actually in like 2 or 3 chapters after this one! I don't remember which chapter exactly and the only reason why I'm not looking for it is because I don't want to accidentally spoil it for you!LilyLunaPotter: Awe! Thank you!Awritingbookworm: I actually just finished writing the chapter with Sirius in it so you've got quite a while to go to be honest. But thank you!Longish Life Update: My Bf was given the all clear to go back to work! But because of his injury, he isn't able to return to the occupation he originally interviewed for. But! Because he is considered a county employee, they were able to find him a job within the county. Not even two weeks into the job my Bf gave himself a concussion...So we got that all figured out and we are now on the road to recovery. Again.(I still love him, don't you worry.)He is still employed, thankfully, and everything should be uphill from here!

Chapter 26 Meeting DobbyOver the next few weeks, I found myself being pulled in all sorts of directions. The first years wanted help with homework assignments, Harry and Ron wanted my help with Divination homework, Hermione wanted to discuss what the second task could be, Draco was not admitting it, but he was hiding from the Slytherins.Parkinson had somehow climbed up the ranks and was now leading a group of her own and she seemed to have it out for Draco. I was getting worried that he wasn't getting the sleep he needed. I found him taking naps when it was just the two of us.Ron had even said something about how Draco's eyes were getting darker.I was plotting a way to get him to sleep in the Gryffindor Common Room, but I just couldn't figure out how. I didn't want to get either one of us in trouble about it because even though we were cousins, it could just look really bad.As for my lessons with Kassandra, I was starting to train myself to catch what I'm saying. I find that when my friends are asking questions about the general future I tend to open my mouth. Hermione was the one who caught onto that feature.But when she tried helping me find the questions that made me open my mouth, we had a hard time with that. Because I was focused on keeping my mouth shut. But when Ron was being his dumb self she and I were able to come up with a plan to get me to stop opening my mouth right away.I felt the tiniest of muscle spasms on the center of my forehead. But that was only for the big answers that Ron didn't know he was asking for.My journal had gotten more full, but I still had room for more of my predictions, once Ron learned how to keep his mouth shut and stop asking about the big future questions.Like what the second task was going to be.I can only think of water and I wasn't going to be the one to tell Harry that he needed to figure out how to breathe underwater.Like how Sirius was going to hide from everyone again.I did answer that he was an Animagus so he could easily hide in plain sight. I didn't answer that he was going to be in a cave forty minutes away from Hogsmeade. That one I actually saw in a vision, but I wasn't sure when that one would be coming true, if it did.Like how the school year was going to end.I had to train my body not to react fearfully. So far I was succeeding, which I was proud of.It helped that Draco's shade of blonde was almost white so if I did react, no one could really see the difference."Cassie." I looked up.I was in the library studying, using the books to write my Transfiguration essay McGonagall had assigned us. I figured I would do my assignments that took the least amount of time and work my way to doing the hard assignments so that I wouldn't be distracted from them."Oh, hello Viktor." I greeted the man.He sat down with a grunt and was looking over my papers."Vhere is your friend?" He asked casually.I blinked at that."Do you mean, Draco?" I asked, putting my finger on the line I was just reading in the book I had pulled out."No, not him." Viktor shook his head."Then who?" I asked, I didn't have a clue.His cheeks flushed a pink color."I do not know her name." He admitted.I noticed that he had several followers.Girls were peaking around the corners of the shelves and they were staring wistfully at him and glaring at me."Hermione?" I asked again, grinning slightly."That one, yes." He gave me a single nod."I don't know. I think she's around here somewhere, but she's already done with her homework." I answered, glaring back at one of the girls.She flushed and looked away from me and hid behind a bookshelf."Okay." He stood up and left.His entourage of girls followed closely behind him.I had gotten used to Viktor and the way he came and went. I don't know if that meant he thought we were friends or if meant literally anything else.Line breakWhen December started, it brought sleet and wind. I was thankful for the dragon hide gloves Narcissa had bought for me, as they were the best brand that money could buy. Not that I was short on funds but I haven't said anything to them about that.The only downfall of being outside for our Care Of Magical Creatures was the trough full of single-malt whiskey, the horses preferred drink. It made me, and the rest of the class, lightheaded and that was a bad thing because we were still taking care of the Blast-Ended Skrewts."I'm not sure whether they hibernate or not," Hagrid said to us.We were in the pumpkin patch, shivering from the wind."Thought we'd jus' try an' see if they fancied a kip… we'll jus' settle 'em down in these boxes…" Hagrid gestured to several boxes next to him.Ten skrewts remained, having killed each other because they didn't seem to have any other instinct for anything else. And I was giggling at the comfortable beds inside the boxes. Each was lined up with blankets and pillows."If they're killing each other, imagine what'll happen to those blankets and pillows." I muttered.Draco and Ron were on either side of me, and they both let out sniggers at that comment."We'll jus' lead 'em in here an' put the lids on, and we'll see what happens." Hagrid explained."No thank you." Draco shook his head."For once, I agree with you." Ron was shaking his head as well.It took only five minutes for chaos to ensue. The skrewts did not want to hibernate and had started a rampage.Most of the Slytherins, and some of the Gryffindors, ran into Hagrid's hut for safety. Hermione, Ron, Harry, Draco, and I had remained outside along with several other students."I'm surprised you stayed." I said to Draco as we had our wands pointing at the skrewts."I'm not surprised you stayed." Draco retorted.We all managed to wrangle up nine of the ten skrewts but Harry and Ron were trying to get the last one by shooting sparks to get it to go in the direction they wanted it too."Don' frighten him, now!" Hagrid shouted. "Jus' try an' slip the rope 'round his sting, so he won' hurt any o' the others!""Yeah, we wouldn't want that!" Ron shouted angrily.The skrewt wasn't frightened by the sparks so I took out my wand and pointed it out the skrewt and muttered a spell.A rope wrapped around his stinger and Draco and I both grabbed the other end and struggled to pull the skrewt away from Ron and Harry."I go' 'im." Hagrid pulled the rope from our hands and started coo-ing at the skrewt to get him with the others."Well, well, well… this does look like fun."Rita Skeeter, wearing a magenta cloak with a purple collar that was furry, was staring hungrily at the situation."Who're you?" Hagrid asked Skeeter.Harry made his way over to us and Ron followed him."Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter," I noticed that when she grinned, she had gold teeth."Thought Dumbledore said you weren' allowed inside the school anymore," Hagrid was frowning when he removed the rope from the skrewt.Skeeter didn't respond, instead she was eyeing the skrewts."What are these fascinating creatures called?" Skeeter asked."Blast-Ended Skrewts." Hagrid grunted, eyeing her suspiciously."Really?" Skeeter lit up. "I've never heard of them before… where do they come from?"I gave Draco a wide eyes look and he returned it. Hagrid never told us where he got the skrewts."They're very interesting, aren't they? Aren't they Harry?" Hermione spoke up."What? Oh yeah… ouch… interesting." Harry shuffled a little bit.Skeeter turned her attention and beamed.If her smile could reflect, I imagine we would have been blinded."Ah, you're here, Harry! So you like Care of Magical Creatures, do you? One of your favorite lessons?" Skeeter asked."Yes." Harry responded.Hagrid beamed at that."Lovely. Really lovely." Skeeter then turned back to Hagrid. "Been teaching long?"Her eyes started to travel to the students.Several of us had cuts, bruises and burns. And the students in the cabin had their noses pushed against the glass."This is o'ny my second year." Hagrid answered."Lovely I don't suppose you'd like to give an interview, would you? Share some of your experience of magical creatures? The Prophet does a zoological column every Wednesday, as I'm sure you know. We could feature these - er - Bang-Ended Scoots." Skeeter looked at Hagrid.I was going to need a shower from how gross I was feeling about the whole situation."Blast-Ended Skrewts," Hagrid nodded eagerly. "Er - yeah, why not?""No!" I whispered.Harry and I looked at each other in horror but we couldn't say anything. Skeeter and Hagrid made plans to meet up Friday for an interview, and then the bell finally rang."Well, good-bye Harry!" Skeeter called out as we started back towards the castle. "Until Friday night, then, Hagrid!""She'll twist everything he says!" Harry said under his breath."Just as long as he didn't import those Skrewts illegally or anything," Hermione said desperately.We all looked at each other. I noticed that Gregory had joined us but Vincent was with Pansy and her group."Hagrid's been in loads of trouble before, and Dumbledore's never sacked him," Ron consoled us. "Worst that can happen is Hagrid'll have to get rid of the skrewts. Sorry… did I say worst? I meant best."Draco ate lunch with us, along with Gregory. Gregory was a young man of very few words. Ron and Harry were still cautious with him around, but they were getting friendlier with Draco and I counted that as a win.For Divination, we were still doing predictions and star charts. I hated the star charts but the predictions were easy. I still had my list from my first year and I had started to make a list of what happened in our second year to make the predictions easier to lie about since I didn't want to make too much of an effort with those. Trelawney didn't need to know everything I 'see' about the future, in a manner of speaking.Harry was enjoying Divintation more now that he and Ron were friends again. They were sniggering through Trelawney's explanation of how Pluto could disrupt everyday life."I would think," she whispered, her annoyance obvious, "that some of us" - she looked meaningfully at Harry - "might be a little less frivolous had they seen what I have seen during my crystal gazing last night. As I sat here, absorbed in my needlework, the urge to consult the orb overpowered me. I arose, I settled myself before it, and I gazed into its crystalline depths… and what do you think I saw gazing back at me?""An ugly old bat in outsized specs?" Ron muttered under his breath.Harry and I both fought to keep our faces straight."Death, my dears."Parvati and Lavender both gasped in fear and covered their mouths."Yes," Trelawney nodded at them, "it comes, ever closer, it circles overhead like a vulture, ever lower… ever lower over this castle…"She was staring pointedly at Harry, but something about how she said it started to bother me."It'd be a bit more impressive if she hadn't done it about eighty times before." Harry said as we got to the staircase. "But if I'd dropped dead every time she's told me I'm going to, I'd be a medical miracle.""You'd be some sort of extra-concentrated ghost," Ron chortled.We passed the Bloody Baron who's eyes reached mine and then flickered away."At least we didn't get homework this time." I added in."I hope Hermione got loads off Professor Vector, I'd love not working when she is." Ron said to me."Even if she didn't, she'd still be working." I pointed out to him.Ron grumbled under his breath as we went to dinner. Where Hermione wasn't."Do you think she's in the library?" Harry asked."Maybe?" I shrugged as we finished."Let's go check." Ron said.We wandered off to the library, where I checked out another book about potions to help with an essay about ingredients. But we still didn't find Hermione. I did spot Viktor wandering around though, as did Ron."Do you think I can get an autograph?" Ron whispered to us."Do you want to ask him?" I whispered back.There was a giggle from a bookshelf over.How we didn't notice seven girls before at first still baffles me."Nevermind." Ron said, his shoulders slumping a bit."Where do you think Hermione's got to?" Ron asked when we went back to the common room."Dunno… balderdash." Harry gave the Fat Lady our password.Before the Fat Lady could swing forward, there was racing feet behind us. We turned around and Hermione skidded to a stop."Harry!" She panted. "Harry you've got to come - you've got to come, the most amazing thing's happened - please -"She grabbed Harry's arm and started to pull him away."What's the matter?" Harry asked."I'll show you when we get there - oh come on, quick -"Harry looked back at Ron and I."Well, let's go." I shrugged to Ron."Oh don't mind me!" The Fat Lady called behind us. "Don't apologize for bothering me! I'll just hang here, wide open until you get back, shall I?""Yeah, thanks!" Ron called over his shoulder.I let out a bark of a laugh."Hermione, where are we going?" Harry asked after we went down six floors and started down the marble staircase into the entrance hall."You'll see, you'll see in a minute!" Hermione was excited.She turned left and at the bottom of the staircase and I vaguely recognized where we were. George had brought me here for our date when I turned thirteen.She turned us down a corridor with a bunch of paintings of food."Oh hang on…" Harry must have caught on to where we were going. "Wait a minute, Hermione…""What?" Hermione turned around to look at him."I know what this is about." Harry said, pointing to the big painting of the gigantic silver fruit bowl."Hermione!" Ron rolled his eyes. "You're trying to rope us into that spew stuff again!""No, no, I'm not!" She shook her head. "And it's not spew, Ron -""What are we now, then, the House-Elf Liberation Front? I'm not barging into that kitchen and trying to make them stop work, I'm not doing it -" Ron folded his arms and was shaking his head."I'm not asking you to!" Hermione was starting to get impatient with us. "I came down here just now, to talk to them all, and I found - oh come on, Harry, I want to show you!"She grabbed Harry's arm again, pulled him to the front of the picture, and tickled the huge green pear. The pear squirmed, let out some giggles, and turned into a large green door handle.I helped Hermione pull the door open so that she could push Harry into the kitchens.Ron and I got in just as a house-elf squealed happily and ran into Harry."Harry Potter, sir! Harry Potter!""Dobby?" Harry gasped."It is Dobby, sir, it is!" Squealed the little voice. "Dobby has been hoping and hoping to see Harry Potter, sir, and Harry Potter has come to see him, sir!"Dobby let go of Harry and stepped back.He had enormous eyes the size of tennis balls, and they were green. But not the tennis ball green sadly.He was wearing clothes as well.The Malfoy's current house elf wore a pillow case. I had made sure to start giving her clean ones and she did appreciate it.Dobby was wearing a tea cozy for a hat, pinned with an assortment of badges; a tie patterned with horseshoes. He wasn't wearing a shirt though. He had soccer shorts that were meant for children, and two different socks. One was black, and the other was covered in pink and orange stripes.He was adorable."Dobby, what're you doing here?" Harry asked.There was a tugging at my side and I looked over.A small house-elf with blue eyes was grinning at me."Mindy!" I knelt down to hug the house-elf."Miss Cassie!" She threw her arms around my neck."How are you doing?" I asked her."Just splendid, missus!" She was grinning.Then I noticed that she, and a bunch of other house-elves, were wearing tea towels like a toga, with the Hogwarts crest stamped on it.She offered me a small tray with a couple of pumpkin pasties on it."Oh thank you!" I smiled at her."Mr. George Weasley told me that these were your favorite, Miss Cassie!" She smiled at me.I blinked at that."Does he usually talk about me?" I asked, casually taking a pumpkin pastry."All the time, miss!" She grinned at me."That's really sweet." I said, trying to stay friendly."He's awfully sorry for what he did," she looked at me with an innocent look on her face.I let out a laugh."I know he is." I sighed.I turned to my friends and there was a floating tea cup waiting for me."It was nice seeing you again!" I said to Mindy."It was nice seeing you too, Miss Cassie!" She waved to me.When I stood up, Ron was looking at me with a weird expression."How do you know her?" He asked."When George and I went on our date she was the one who brought us our food and such." I answered."You've been down here before?" He asked, keeping his voice quiet."Yes." I gave a pointed look in Hermione's direction.She was glowing like she had brought Harry a Christmas present.Ron nodded in agreement and we followed over to them."This is Winky." He gestured to the little elf."The house elf from the World Cup?" I asked.Winky suddenly burst into tears."Oh dear," Hermione said when we joined them. "Winky, don't cry. Please don't…"Winky started to cry harder, and Dobby didn't seem phased by it."Would Harry Potter like a cup of tea?" He squeaked."Er - yeah, okay." Harry nodded.Six house-elves come trotting with a silver tray laden with a teapot, a jug of milk, and a plate of biscuits. Mindy was with them and she grinned happily at me."Good service!" Ron complimented.The elves beamed with pride, but Hermione frowned at Ron."How long have you been here, Dobby?" Harry asked after we had fresh cups of tea."Only a week, Harry Potter, sir!" Dobby answered. "Dobby came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir. You see, sir, it is very difficult for a house-elf who has been dismissed to get a new position, sir, very difficult indeed -"Winky started to howl at the mention of this. Her nose reminded me of a squashed-tomato as snot started to come out of it."Dobby has traveled the country for two whole years, sir, trying to find work!" Dobby squeaked over Winky's howls. "But Dobby hasn't found work, sir, because Dobby wants paying now!"I noticed that all of the house-elves looked away at once. I found it odd."Good for you, Dobby!" Hermione beamed."Thank you, miss!" Dobby grinned at her. "But most wizards doesn't want a house-elf who wants paying, miss. 'That's not the point of a house-elf,' they says, and they slammed the door in Dobby's face! Dobby likes work, but he wants to wear clothes and he wants to be paid, Harry Potter… Dobby likes being free!"The house-elves have started to edge away from us."And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goes to visit Winky, and finds out Winky has been freed too, sir!" Dobby gestured to Winky.She flung herself forward and started beating her tiny fists on the floor, shrieking louder. Hermione got on her knees and tried to comfort the poor thing.Dobby continued his story, shouting over Winky's cries."And then Dobby had the idea, Harry Potter, sir! 'Why doesn't Dobby and Winky find work together?' Dobby says. 'Where is there enough work for two house-elves?' says Winky. A Dobby thinks, and it comes to him, sir! Hogwarts! So Dobby and Winky came to see Professor Dumbeldore, sir, and Professor Dumbledore took us on!"Dobby's eyes had tears of happiness brimming."And Professor Dumbledore says he will pay Dobby, sir, if Dobby wants paying! And so Dobby is a free elf, sir, and Dobby gets a Galleon a week and one day off a month!""That's not very much!" Hermione shouted indignantly from the floor."Professor Dumbledore offered Dobby ten Galleons a week, and weekends off," Dobby gave a little shiver. "But Dobby beat him down, miss... Dobby likes freedom, misses, but he isn't wanting too much, miss, he likes work better.""And how much is Professor Dumbledore paying you, Winky?" Hermione asked.Winky sat up and glared at Hermione. The intensity of it surprised me."Winky is a disgraced elf, but Winky is not yet getting paid! Winky is not sunk so low as that! Winky is properly ashamed of being freed!" Winky squeaked."Ashamed?" Hermione blinked in surprise. "But - Winky, come on! It's Mr. Crouch who should be ashamed, not you! You didn't do anything wrong, he was really horrible to you -"Winky clapped her hands over her ears, making them go flat."You is not insulting my master, miss! You is not insulting Mr. Crouch! Mr. Crouch is a good wizard, miss! Mr. Crouch is right to sack bad Winky!""Winky is having trouble adjusting, Harry Potter," Dobby squeaked. "Winky forgets she is not bound to Mr. Crouch anymore; she is allowed to speak her mind now, but she won't do it.""Can't house-elves speak their minds about their masters, then?" Harry asked, looking at me.I shrugged at that."Oh no, sir, no," Dobby shook his head. "Tis part of the house-elf's enslavement, sir. We keeps their secrets and our silence sir. We upholds the family's honor, and we never speak ill of them - though Professor Dumbledore told Dobby he does not insist upon this. Professor Dumbledore said we is free to - to -"Dobby suddenly looked nervous and beckoned Harry closer.What he said next, only Harry was able to hear over Winky's cries."But Dobby is not wanting to, Harry Potter," Dobby started talking normally. "Dobby likes Professor Dumbeldore very much, sir, and is proud to keep his secrets and our silence for him.""But you can say what you like about the Malfoys now?" Harry asked, a grin on his face.Dobby suddenly had a fearful look on his face."Dobby - Dobby could," he said doubtfully.Dobby squared his shoulders."Dobby could tell Harry Potter that his old masters were - were bad Dark Wizards!"Dobby stood for a moment, quivering so bad that his ears were shaking. Then he rushed over to the nearest table and started to hit his head on it, squealing, "Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby!"Harry, more than likely expecting it, grabbed him and pulled him away before he could hit his head a third time."Thank you, Harry Potter, thank you," Dobby was breathless."You is out to be ashamed of yourself, Dobby, talking that way about your masters!" Winky suddenly shrieked."They isn't my masters anymore, Winky!" Dobby turned to her defiantly. "Dobby doesn't care what they think anymore!""Oh, you is a bad elf, Dobby!" Winky moaned. "My poor Mr. Crouch, what is he doing without Winky? He is needing me, he is needing my help! I is looking after the Crouches all my life, and my mother is doing it before me, and my grandmother is doing it before her...oh what is they saying if they knew Winky was freed? Oh the shame, the shame!" Winky buried her head into the skirt of her dress."Winky," Hermione's voice was firm. "I'm quite sure Mr. Crouch is getting along perfect well without you. We've seen him, you know -""You is seeing my master?" Winky was breathless from all of her crying. "You is seeing him here at Hogwarts?" She looked up away from her skirt."Yes," Hermione nodded, "he and Mr. Bagman are judges in the Triwizard Tournament."Mr. Bagman comes too?" Squeaked Winky.To all of our surprise, Winky looked angry again."Mr. Bagman is a bad wizard! A very bad wizard! My master isn't like him, oh no, not at all!" Winky was shaking with anger.I was amazed that she was able to bounce between emotions."Bagman - bad?" Harry looked at Ron in confusion."Oh yes," Winky nodded her head furiously. "My master is telling Winky some things! But Winky is not saying... Winky - Winky keeps her master's secrets…"She dissolved into tears again, and started sobbing into her skirt. This time we were able to hear what she was saying though."Poor master, poor master, no Winky to help him no more!"We weren't able to get anymore out of her, so we continued our conversation with Dobby instead."Dobby is going to buy a sweater next, Harry Potter!" Dobby proudly pointed at his chest."Tell you what, Dobby," Ron had taken a liking to the elf. "I'll give you the one my mum knits me this Christmas, I always get one from her. You don't mind maroon, do you?"I lightly flinched away from that. This was going to be my second year without a Weasley sweater, and the one I got from my second year was too small for me to wear outside of the common room."We might have to shrink it a bit to fit you, but it'll go well with your tea cozy." Ron didn't notice my flinch."It's getting late, we should go before we break curfew." I said when I noticed the clock on the wall."Thank you for visiting, Harry Potter!" Dobby leapt up and hugged Harry again."Thank you for visiting miss Cassie!" Mindy was quick to curtsey to me before we left.We were offered a bunch of snacks for our way back up the stairs. Hermione looked pained as the elves curtsied and bowed us out."Thanks a lot!" Harry said as he let me out first. "See you, Dobby!""Harry Potter… can Dobby come and see you sometimes, sir?" Dobby asked." 'Course you can," Harry answered.I didn't see Dobby's reaction, but I can imagine his beaming smile."You know what?" Ron asked as we entered the entrance hall. "All these years I've been really impressed with Fred and George, nicking food from the kitchens - well, it's not exactly difficult, is it? They can't wait to give it away!""I think this is the best thing that could have happened to those elves, you know," Hermione took the lead. "Dobby coming to work here, I mean. They other elves will see how happy he is, being free, and slowly it'll dawn on them that they want that too!""Let's hope they don't look too closely at Winky," Harry nudged my shoulder with his elbow.I let out a snicker at that."Oh, she'll cheer up," Hermione tried to sound confident, but I heard the doubt in her voice. "Once the shock's worn off, and she's got used to Hogwarts, she'll see how much better off she is without that Crouch man.""She seems to love him," Ron's voice was thick and muffled.He had started to eat a cream cake."Doesn't think much of Bagman though." I shrugged."Wonder what Crouch says at home about him?" Harry asked."Probably says he's not a very good Head of Department," Hermione sighed, "and let's face it… he's got a point, hasn't he?""I'd rather work for Bagman than Crouch." I answered honestly."Right?" Ron nodded as he pointed at me. "Bagman's got a sense of humor.""Don't let Percy hear you saying that." Hermione smiled slightly."Yeah, well, Percy wouldn't want to work for anyone with a sense of humor, would he?" Ron started eating a chocolate cake. "Percy wouldn't recognize a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing Dobby's tea cozy."We all laughed at that.A super long chapter for ya guys!Shout out to cowchoas for following 'The Treasured Philosopher's Stone'! Also I love your name.Shout out to Pamela Hutchins, Awritingbookworm, and LilyLunaPotter for leaving a review!Pamela: Oh good! I'm glad someone else saw that in her character! As for the twins, I'm sorry! I don't mean to be a tease!Awritingbookworm: You're fine! Take you're time getting to me! Thank you for Warrington. I'm having fun writing him out!LilyLunaPotter: Awe! Thanks!

Chapter 27 Big Steps"Potter! Weasley! Will you pay attention?" McGonagall snapped.I flinched from the power of her voice and looked back towards the boys.I had to cover my mouth.Ron and Harry were holding a pair of fake wands that George and Fred were producing. Harry had a rubber haddock and Ron a tin parrot.'That's cool that they started adding fish to their variety!' I thought to myself."Now that Potter and Weasley have been kind enough to act their age." McGonagall's voice was hitting like a whip.I almost started howling with laughter when Harry's fish head fell to the floor with a little plop!"I have something to say to you all."McGonagall turned her gaze from the boys to me, and she looked down her nose at me."Sorry!" I mouthed, trying to stop from laughing."The Yule Ball is approaching - a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and an opportunity for us to socialize with our foreign guests. Now, the hall will be open to only fourth years and above - although you may invite a younger student if you wish -"Lavender let out a shrill giggle at that, Parvarti nudged her in the ribs and they both turned to look behind us. I rolled my eyes at them."Dress robes will be worn, and the ball will start at eight o'clock on Christmas Day, finishing at midnight in the Great Hall. Now then -" McGonagall looked at each of us individually."The Yule Ball is of course a chance for us all to - er - let our hair down,"Lavender let out another giggle.This one I understood, I've never seen McGonagall with her hair down. It's always been in a tight bun."But that does NOT mean that we will be relaxing the standards of behavior we expect from Hogwarts students. I will be most seriously displeased if a Gryffindor student embarrasses the school in any way."The bell rang and we all gathered our stuff to go to our next class."Potter - a word, if you please.""Oooooo!" I teased him.He slumped his shoulders and walked to McGonagall's desk."What do you think she's talking to him about?" Ron asked as Hermione, he, and I stood outside the door."I dunno." I shrugged.Hermione and Ron both looked at me expectantly."Okay, just because I shrug when I lie doesn't mean I'm lying each time I shrug!" I said defensively."Yes it does." Ron said seriously.Thankfully, at that moment Harry came out with wide eyes."What did she wan-" Hermione started to ask."The Champions have to dance the opening dance with a partner." He said dully."So?" Ron asked, looking at me.Hermione and I shared a grin."He's gotta ask a girl to the ball!" I nudged Harry's chin playfully.Harry pushed my hand away but he didn't say anything else.Ron's face paled at what I said though.Throughout the week, Harry would not stop complaining. All of the girls had started to travel in packs together, and it was starting to annoy me.Lavender and Parvati had gotten slightly friendlier to Hermione and I. They were asking about what dresses we were going to order and I wouldn't put it past them to ruin it. As they were the ones who took my clothes and such my first year. So I didn't tell them I already had mine.As far as they knew, Narcissa was buying my dress and surprising me with it.Hermione knew that I had my dress, but I haven't gotten around to showing her yet since Lavender and Parvati seemed to think we were besties all of a sudden. So they followed us around everywhere.Harry wasn't having much luck with finding a girl either. He wanted to ask a girl out, but he couldn't find the right time to do so."Better move quickly, otherwise someone else will ask her first." I said to him.I didn't know who he wanted to ask, I didn't pester and he was grateful for that. Ron was doing good at hiding his jealousy but we would talk sometimes about how Harry had a line of girls asking him out and Ron didn't have a clue who to ask.I kept my mouth shut. I don't think Ron realized that Hermione and I were girls, he was too focused on us being his mates. And Hermione came back from the library all flustered. She wouldn't tell me what happened, just that she had a date."Cassie." Draco sat down next to me at breakfast one morning."Draco." I greeted him."Pansy is taking Crabbe to the ball."I choked on my orange juice.Draco patted me on the back until I got my breath."Parkinson is taking Vincent? Not the other way around?" I asked."Nope. Pansy grabbed Crabbe by the ear and said they were going together." Draco said, keeping a perfectly straight face.We stared at each other, but Ron was the one to let out a snigger at that."No way!" Ron said.That caused a chain reaction around us. Everyone was laughing and Draco was even chuckling at that."Have you noticed that there aren't as many 'Support Cassius Warrington' badges?" Draco gestured around."Harry hasn't been getting as much trouble from the rest of the Slytherins either." I murmured to Draco."Warrington is the one who did that, he said that Harry was the one to give him the tip about the dragons. Is that true?" Draco kept his voice low for that part."Yeah, Hagrid was the one to show him. Hagrid even took Madam Maxime for a date to go see them. Karkaroff went snooping through the woods. Harry thinks he saw Maxime and Hagrid go into the woods." I explained.Draco nodded in understanding."How are you doing?" He asked, giving my head a slight poke."I haven't had a daydream in a while, I'm not keeping too optimistic that I won't have another one soon." I answered."Alright." He nodded.Line breakHermione and I were walking to the library. She still hadn't told me who asked her to the dance, but I saw the way Viktor would walk around the library and stare at her. She would flush when he would stare at her.But she didn't want to talk about it so we didn't. I was surprised by who asked me first."Zwart, can I talk to you?"I turned around and Warrington was standing behind us.Hermione linked her arm through mine."What is it?" I asked."In private, please?" He asked, giving Hermione a look."Sure." I nodded.Hermione gave me a look but let me go."Do you not like her because…?" I asked, not wanting to finish my sentence."No, I figured you would want an explanation." He answered."An explanation?" I asked.He leaned against the wall as other students from the different houses walked past. They started to whisper.Warrington looked at me seriously."Cassie, will you go to the ball with me?"I blinked at that."Are you serious?" I asked.He gave a sigh and nodded."I'm serious."I blinked again."Why? Why me and not someone who you actually want to go with?" I asked.His pale face flushed at that."See, you want an explanation." He cleared his throat."You said something in our last conversation that I haven't been able to get out of my head. 'I can't help but focus on what I can do tomorrow.' " He started, maintaining eye contact with me."I remember," I nodded to him."And I'm leaving at the end of this year, I won't be able to do much now. So if I take you to the Yule Ball then maybe everyone else will see that I'm trying to make a change as well." He said.I nodded thoughtfully at that."Why me? Why not Angelina Johnson, or Alicia Spinnet? One of the older Gryffindors?" I asked."You were the one who welcomed all of the first years personally. When Moody - punished - Malfoy you were the one who went to his side. When the first years need help, they go to you. Whether you meant to or not, you're the one who is uniting us together." He answered.I stared at him, watching his cheeks flush when I didn't say anything at first."Will this be more of a statement then?" I asked, wanting to get this straight.His flush deepened."Partially yes." He nodded."What else is it partially?" I asked, folding my arms across my chest."Partially me wanting to take you to learn more about you." He admitted.My eyes widened at that."You have made an effort to talk to me from the beginning. You cheered me on when my name was pulled from the Goblet. When I came out of the room with Potter, you didn't have to but you told me you were cheering for me. Bloody hell, you even admitted that you were the only Gryffindor cheering for me. You made sure Potter had a moment to tell me about the dragons, and you even congratulated me for getting the egg.Cassie, you have made an effort to show everyone that we can unite the houses and I want to be a part of that."My brain exploded. Rather than feel that little cottontail at the front of my head, it was like my head had bloomed into a flower, all of the petals were starting to fall and shrivel up.There was a big vision coming my way and I needed to get somewhere safe now!I smiled at him, trying to keep the sudden feeling from showing on my face."Okay. I will go to the ball with you." I answered.He blinked at that."Really?" He asked, clearly taken aback."Yes, really." I laughed at that.He smiled.It was a nice smile. After seeing him with a straight face because he kept his guard up, it was nice seeing his features soften with that smile. It was especially nice when it reached his eyes."Great!" He said."I better get going, Hermione is waiting for me and we're supposed to go visit Hagrid later." I gestured over my shoulder.His face did stiffen at that, but he nodded."I'll see you around, Cassie." He said to me."See you, Cassius." I nodded to him.I turned around and quickly walked away.I could feel him staring at me until I turned the corner.I wasn't going to make it to the common room, so I hid in an empty classroom.I woke up in the courtroom again."What's going on?" I asked, seeing Kassandra and Morgan Le Fay standing over me."Cassie, what just happened?" Kassandra asked me."What do you mean? I don't understand what's happening?" I asked, looking between the two of them.They exchanged glances."What is going on?" I asked."Cassie, what has happened in the last five minutes?" Kassandra asked again."Hermione and I were in the library, and when we came out Cassius Warrington stopped me. He asked me to the dance." I answered.I didn't want the first people I told that to, to be Kassandra and Morgan, but it couldn't be helped.They looked at each other again."Cassius Warrington is the Slytherin Champion for the Triwizard Tournament." I added to them.That got a reaction.They turned away from me and started to mutter amongst themselves."Oh no, you don't get to find out information and then not share with me the big picture." I snapped at them, putting my hands on my hips.They turned to look at each fearfully."We can't tell you." Kassandra said, turning back to face me."Why not?" I asked."Because we don't know what's going on yet." Morgan turned around to face me.I blinked at that."We just know that there is something happening, and rather than put frightful thoughts in your head about what-ifs, I'm going to tell you to be vigilant but remember that you are just a child and to have fun." Morgan continued as she led me to a bench and sat down with me."Are you su-?" I tried asking."I'm sure. Are you excited to go to the ball with Mr. Warrington?" Morgan asked, clearly ending the conversation that brought me here."I haven't had time to process it yet, actually. He asked me and I was called here." I gestured around me."Sorry about that, dear." Kassandra took a seat in front of me.I still didn't like my grandmother, but it was nice having other women around me."It's okay, I'm just glad I was able to hide away in time to make it here." I nodded to them.Something happened.My shoulder was being shaken."Not just yet, dear." Kassandra grabbed my arm."What's going on?" I asked, really confused.Morgan answered this one."You're supposed to be getting a vision, that's why we called you here. Kassandra said that she saw one and we didn't want to frighten you when you received it. So we're going to keep you here for a few more minutes so that the window of you seeing it, passes." "That's not so bad. But you haven't pulled me back before?" I stated."We haven't had to before. This time it's different." Kassandra answered."It must be pretty bad then." I mostly said that to myself."We're hoping it's not." Morgan answered."Does it have to do with Voldemort returning?" I asked.They both flinched and paled."Yeah, I already had that vision." I smiled at them.They both looked at each other again."When did you see that?" Morgan asked."Near the end of my third year, the night I almost got attacked by my werewolf professor." I answered that one.Kassandra grew red."I can't believe Albus employed a werewolf to be your teacher." She spat."He was the best we had. Better than our current one for sure." I spat back at her."Ladies." Morgan's voice was firm.Kassandra glared at me but I maintained eye contact with her, not wanting her to win the staredown."Back to Mr. Warrington, was there a certain someone who you wanted to ask you?" Morgan asked, putting a hand on my shoulder."Not really, I was just going to tell Harry that I'll go with him so that he would be able to find a partner to do the opening dance with. That, or go with my cousin, Draco. I haven't had a lot of opportunities to pursue romantic relationships." I admitted sheepishly."I see. Well I hope you have fun at the ball." Morgan smiled kindly at me."Thank you." I smiled at her.My shoulder was shaking again."I think we can let you go now." Morgan said, looking at Kassandra.Kassandra gave a nod and we all stood up."I'll see you guys next time." I waved at them both."Cassie!""Stop it!" I waved my hand."Bloody hell, Cassie!" I looked up and George was kneeling next to me."What are you doing here?" I asked, standing up and putting space between us.He had a moment of hurt cross his face."I saw you talking to Warrington, and then you ran in here and I thought he had said something hurtful to you. But your eyes, they were different!" George stood up and started to explain."They fog up when I'm having a vision." I explained to him as I grabbed my bag and threw it over my shoulder."They fog - okay good to know. Did Warrington do anything to you?" George took a step towards me."Stop!" I put my hands up and took a step back.He did, another flash of hurt crossing his face."Warrington didn't do anything to me. Okay? He just wanted to have a chat." I told him."A chat about what?" George demanded."DAMN IT, WEASLEY!" I shouted at him.He took a step back at that."You need to back off! I don't have to explain every single interaction I have with someone of the opposite gender!" I spat at him.He blinked at that."I'm sorry." He said, bowing his head."Good start." I said and walked out of the classroom.Fred was leaning against the opposite wall, an eyebrow raised."Hello, Fred." I greeted him." 'lo Cassie." He greeted me.I turned on my heel and headed towards the Gryffindor common room.I met up with Ron, Hermione, and Harry at the marble staircase."Where have you been?" Ron asked, eyeing Fred and George as they walked past us."I had a dream." I stated bluntly."Are you okay? Did anyone see?" Hermione asked."I'm fine. George and Fred saw me go into a classroom, but that's all." I shook my head at Hermione."Why does George look like something crawled up his ass?" Ron asked, turning to watch his brother."He saw me having a dream and he started asking me questions about it. Along with what Warrington wanted to talk about." I looked at Hermione for that part.Her eyebrows raised at that."Warrington?" Harry's and Ron's heads turned quickly to look at me."He just wanted to talk, he asked if you had figured out the egg yet and I told him not yet." I lied, not wanting to tell them just yet."You're not getting friendly with him, are you?" Ron furrowed his eyebrows at me."You're joking, right? We're trying to work with Draco, and you're going to be upset about me talking with other Slytherins?" I deadpanned at Ron.Just at that moment, Ron's ears flushed and Draco joined us."Hello." He greeted everyone."Hello." Hermione and Harry greeted him back.Ron grunted and walked out of the castle towards Hagrid's hut."Did I do something?" Draco asked me."No. I did something. He'll get over it." I linked my arm through his as we followed my friends.Draco nodded.For Creatures class, Hagrid had finally stopped pushing us to interact with the skrewts. They were in their seperate boxes as we, the students, were behind the cabin. We were trying a different assortment of foods to see if the skrewts were interested in it."She didn' seem very int'rested in magical creatures ter tell yeh the truth," Hagrid was telling us about his interview with Skeeter.Draco was listening, just watching how we interacted with him."What did she want then?" I asked, though we knew that answer."She jus' wanted me ter talk about you, Harry," Hagrid was still untrusting about Draco, but he was letting him hear the conversation. "Well, I told her we'd been friends since I went ter fetch yeh from the Dursleys. 'Never had to tell him off in four years?' she said. "Never played you up in lessons, has he?' I told her no, an' she didn' seem happy at all. Yeh'd think she wanted me ter say yeh were horrible, Harry." Hagrid told us." 'Course she did," Harry threw lumps of dragon liver into a metal bowl. "She can't keep writing down what a tragic little here I am, it'll get boring.""She wants a new angle, Hagrid," Ron said as we shelled salamander eggs. "You were supposed to say Harry's a mad delinquent!""But he's not!" Hagrid looked genuinely shocked."She should've interviewed Snape," Harry said grimly.Draco and I shared a look. He flushed and looked away."He'd give her the goods on me any day. 'Potter has been crossing lines ever since he first arrived at this school…' " Harry looked over at Draco.Draco looked away again as Ron and Hermione laughed at what Harry had said."You don't think like that anymore." I whispered to Draco, leaning my shoulder against his."Said tha', did he? Well, yeh might've bent a few rules, Harry, bu' yeh're all righ' really, aren' you?" Hagrid said."Cheers, Hagrid." Harry grinned."You coming to this ball thing on Christmas Day, Hagrid?" Ron asked."Though' I might look in on it, yeah," Hagrid was suddenly gruff. "Should be a good do, I reckon. You'll be openin' the dancin', won' yeh, Harry? Who're yeh takin'?" Hagrid asked."No one, yet." Harry said, turning red.Draco looked at me and he shifted his eyes toward Harry.I lightly shook my head and he looked confused but went to cutting up frog legs and deboning them.Draco and I were headed to lunch. We had entered a passageway behind a tapestry and when we popped out we ran into Vanessa and her brunette friend.Draco and I both stiffened up at the sight of them."Cassie, I'm glad I found you." Vanessa smiled at me.Draco turned his head a little but he didn't take his eyes off of her."What do you want?" I asked, my tone curt.Hurt flashed across her eyes."Can we talk in private?" She asked."No. I don't want to be alone with you. You were pushy with me and then when I told you my thoughts you got offended. Whatever you have to say you will say in front of my cousin and your friend there." I gestured to the brunette who flushed at being acknowledged.Vanessa clenched her fist at that, but she nodded."Cassie, I was wondering if you would like to go to the ball with me?" She asked.I flinched at that.Not a pained flinch, just a surprise flinch at the question."It'll be more of a way for us to get to know each other. You were right that it wasn't fair of me to assume you would have feelings for me. And I would like to start over." She explained when she saw my flinch."No." I answered.I saw anger flash across her face."Why not?" She snapped."Because I already have a date." I snapped back at her.Her nose scrunched up in anger and she literally stomped her foot."You could tell me the truth! You just don't want to go with me!" She snapped.I blinked at her."That is the truth. Someone already asked me, and I said yes. And now that you're acting like a child over this I would like to have absolutely no contact with you. Go about your business, do not bother me and I won't bother you." I tried not to reach for my wand.I didn't want her to start hexing me because I pulled my wand out first. I wanted the 'I was defending myself' excuse.Her eyebrows furrowed together and I watched as she grinded her teeth."Draco, I'm hungry. Shall we go?" I asked, not looking away from Vanessa.I saw Draco nod out of the corner of my eye. The brunette was looking anywhere but at us."Is that really the girl?" Draco asked when we turned a corner."Yeah. Don't do anything to her. If I ignore it, I should be fine. Right?"Draco was sitting next to me, and he and Harry were having a cautious conversation about Quidditch. Ron and Draco had just had a heated discussion about which teams they were for, so Harry was trying to bring the peace back.Then Neville cautiously joined our group, not maintaining eye contact but being here.Hermione and I looked at each, both impressed."Hello, Longbottom." Draco greeted him.Neville flinched, hard.I looked at Draco and his eyes flashed.I don't know what they flashed for, or with, but I could see something was changing."Longbottom, I'm sorry for all the tormenting I did to you. You didn't deserve it, especially…" Draco paused.Neville flinched as his eyes started to water.I didn't know what happened, but Draco suddenly got up and left the table."Neville, are you alright?" I asked him, putting a hand out on the table towards him.He nodded as he tried to keep his tears in."I'm going after Draco, are you sure you're alright?" I asked Neville as I stood up.He nodded and waved me away.I nodded to Hermione and went racing after Draco."Cassie!" Nickolay's voice called.I turned my head and saw him waving with a big smile on his face.He was standing in a group of Durmstrang students who were mingling with several Hufflepuffs and Slytherins.I saw Warrington in that group."Not now Nickolay, my cousin just left and I need to find him." I said to him.Warrington heard me and looked up."Do not vorry about your cousin! Come, come, I have a friend vho vants to meet you." Nickolay was walking over to me.No one was following him."I said no." I snapped at him.Warrington stood up, watching our interaction."Come now, I thought ve have vorked out our differences?" Nickolay was still trying to maintain a nice face, but I could see it was cracking."The last time we talked, you took my dessert without asking." I deadpanned.Warrington cracked a small smirk, but it straightened itself out.Nicolay's face flashed angrily."Did you see where Draco went?" I asked him, since he was talking to me."Malfoy went to the dungeons," Warrington spoke up.I looked at him and he was pointing towards the stairs going down."Thank you!" I said and marched myself that way.Nicolay didn't say anything else, but I felt his eyes on me.I went down the dungeons and wrapped my cloak tighter around me.I looked in every hall for so long that I was getting stares from the Slytherins when they saw me. Several of them went for their wands the first couple of times they saw me, but after the fourth time they stopped."Zwart, have you found him yet?"I looked behind me and Warrington had turned the corner and seen me."No." I shook my head."Come with me." He gestured and led me farther into the dungeons.I followed him cautiously, not really sure where he was taking me."Wait here for a second." He turned his head as we hit another corner."Okay?" I questioned, looking around.We were in a darker part of the dungeons, where I had looked for Draco. I figured he would hide in the darker area.I heard some voices farther down but couldn't make out what they were saying."Zwart!" Warrington called out.I poked my head around the corner and he was gesturing for me.There was a doorway."Where did that come from?" I asked when I joined him."It's the Slytherin common room, I think Malfoy is in here." Warrington said and held his hand out.I looked at it."It's for your protection mostly." He said when I didn't grab it."Does this mean I have to bring you into the Gryffindor common room?" I asked.He let out a chuckle."No, you don't have a reason to take me there. We're looking for Malfoy." He answered."Don't you think your fellow housemates will renounce you or something?" I asked.He blinked at me."Take my hand, Cassie." He shook it."No. If you think Draco is in your common room then go get him. I'm not going in." I folded my arms and shook my head at him.He rolled his eyes and took two steps to me.I wasn't expecting him to throw me over his shoulder.I blushed because the last time I was in this position, I had touched George's butt and the urge to do so with Warrington's was strong."I don't want to go in!" I spoke louder.I didn't see the two Slytherins coming down the corridor."Cassius?"I looked up and had to tuck my head into Warrington's back. I didn't know where the wall was and didn't want to get hit."Hey Beth, hey Dean." Warrington waved at them.There was Christensen, the girl who I had a crush on my second year. The girl who gave me the Magigas potion last year. And she was holding hands with the guy she was walking with."What are you doing with Zwart?" The boy, Dean, asked."She's looking for Malfoy, I'm taking her to find him." Warrington turned around and walked into the open wall."I do not want to go into the Slytherin common room!" I started to wiggle, not wanting to take a tumble since I couldn't see where he was going."Cassius, you shouldn't be taking someone from a different house inside! Especially her!" Christensen snapped, letting go of Dean's hand and trying to get around Warrington."What has she done to you? You've had it out for her since her first year. One visit from a Gryffindor won't kill you." Warrington said.I couldn't see their facial expressions but Dean was looking at me with a confused look on his face."Hey." I said and waved at him."Hey?" He waved back."How is your day going?" I asked.Warrington started laughing as we started down some stairs.The lighting in the dark corridor changed to a murky green, and it was dimly lit."It was a normal day." Dean nodded."Mine too." I sighed."Cassius!" Warrington was greeted by several voices."Who's your friend?" Someone asked.Warrington put me down and I turned around.The common room erupted."What the hell?""A Gryffindor!""Black's kid, are you kidding me?""Seriously Warrington!?"Warrington kept me close to him."Where's Malfoy? She's looking for him." Warrington repeated himself until he was heard.I got a good look around. The room matched the Slytherin scheme well. Though instead of soft couches, they were leather. But other than that it looked roughly the same as the Gryffindor common room. I did like the big window though, the one looking into the Black Lake."Does it matter? She shouldn't be in here!" Someone shouted."I don't want to be here! Warrington threw me over his shoulder!" I said defensively."Warrington!"Draco had come down the stairs with Gregory right behind him."There, that was easy." Warrington looked at me with a sarcastic smile.I rolled my eyes at him as Draco made his way through the crowd."Can we get out of here now? Please!" I said when Draco reached me."Yes." Draco put his arm over my shoulder and Gregory took my other side."Thank you for helping me!" I said to Warrington."Any time!" He waved and faced Slytherin house.I had to admire him. He now had to answer to everyone who was looking up to him, and for him to win the Tournament."What are you doing?!" Draco hissed."I swear, I was in the dungeons looking for you. Then Cassius - ""Cassius!? When did you get on a first name basis?!" Draco hissed as we left the little hallway and into the corridor outside their common room."Does that matter?" I snapped back."Yes!" Both Gregory and Draco answered that.Draco and I looked at Gregory.He flushed, "sorry." He whispered.Draco turned to me, ignoring him."No, it doesn't. What were you doing in the Slytherin common room?!" Draco asked again."Warrington threw me over his shoulder and carried me in there. He said it would be the quickest way to find you. And he was right." I kept my explanation short.Draco stared at him, silently fuming."I wanted to check on you. You had a moment with Neville and I -" I trailed off.Draco nodded thoughtfully and crossed his arms over his chest."Has Longbottom told you what happened with his parents? Why he's living with his grandmother?" Draco asked."No." I shook my head.He gave a single nod."I can't tell you what happened. I probably shouldn't have said anything. But…" He trailed off.Gregory put a hand on his shoulder.That piqued my curiosity."Was… were… did his parents…"The Cruciatus Curse. His reaction to seeing it. Draco mentioning his parents."Did one of our -?" I didn't know how to ask the question."I'm not going to answer it. It's Longbottom's secret to tell, not mine." Draco shook his head.I blinked at him.I threw my arms around him, feeling him stiffen up."That was a really big move you did. And I'm proud you did it." My voice was muffled since my hair was covering my face.He put his arms around me and buried his face in my neck. We stood there, just holding each other.I found Neville surrounded in the common room.When he saw me he stood up."Did he -?"I was shaking my head before he even started asking his question."When I asked, he told me it was your story to tell. And you don't have to tell any of us until you're ready to tell us." I said, keeping my distance.Hermione, Ron, Harry, and even Ginny all looked at each other. I kept my focus on Neville though.Neville nodded and shuffled on his feet."I don't forgive him. Mostly because -" He paused and shook his head."He still bullied me for the first three years of being here. I don't forgive him for those. But what happened, it was not his fault so there's nothing to forgive him for." Neville said with a final tone.I nodded my understanding.Neville nodded back. He turned around and went up to his room."Did Malfoy -?" Harry asked when Neville was gone."No he didn't, he does feel bad about what happened. And we're not going to bother Neville about it. What we are going to do is give Neville and Draco time to sort themselves out." I crossed my arms and looked at everyone."And if they don't?" Ron asked."We get there when we get there." I sighed.Jeepers. This was so much longer than I thought it was going to be. Also! BF is cleared to go back to work! Now I have to get a real life job lol!Shout out to MissingSnuffles1740 for following this story!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins, Awritingbookworm, for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: It stung me when I wrote it. But it made sense since Mrs. Weasley is still in the unknown about the truth of Sirius. As for Draco being an outcast, I struggle with that because he has made the Slytherins act a certain and now that he's had a personality change he's just not the same. As for after the tournament, I really do need to get back to writing the rest of the story haha. I've been caught up in other things and I'll need to sit down and focus on this before I run out of chapters soon.Awritingbookworm: Thank you! I wished that we could see those growing moments with those two but I'm glad we didn't because now I can write them out myself. I can't wait to finish writing Draco's redemption arc. Like you think it's happening but no. I'm so excited for The Redemption Moment.

Chapter 28 Flustering Emotions"What do you mean, he carried you in there?!" Hermione hissed at me.We were in the library and I was telling her about how I found Draco."Literally that. He picked me up, threw me over his shoulder, and carried me in." I whispered back.With Ron and Harry back to being friends, Hermione was able to help me get ahead on most of my assignments. And I didn't want to worry about my school work when there were going to be more important things to worry about.Hermione was clearly proud about me wanting to keep up on my work, so proud that she was starting to get on Harry's and Ron's nerves about them needing to do their homework.Snape surprised us by saying we were going to be having an antidote testing on the last day of term. Draco had done his best to tutor me with potions, but it was hard to do so when I just didn't understand how to mix in the ingredients at the right time and right amount and -There's just so much with potions.We were sitting in an empty classroom. Draco and Gregory were on one side of me, Harry and Ron were sitting on the ground. I was reading a book while Ron and Draco were playing a game of Exploding Snap. Harry was reading Flying with the Cannons for the tenth time.I noticed.I sat on the floor to be more of a mediator if Ron or Draco let their hot heads get away from them."Evil, he is," Ron was saying.He was eyeing Draco since we were talking about Snape."Springing a test on us on the last day. Ruining the last bit of term with a load of studying.""Mmm… you're not exactly straining yourself, though, are you?" Hermione was going over her potions notes while I was looking at Draco's note.I made sure to keep a charm up so that when the cards exploded, Draco's notes wouldn't burn up."It's Christmas, Hermione." Harry said in a lazy tone."I'd have thought you'd be doing something constructive, Harry, even if you don't want to learn your antidotes!" Hermione turned her attention over to him.Both Draco and I let out snorts.Since we were in an empty classroom, we left the door open so that other people could see we were in here.Neville stopped by, curious to know why we were in here rather than the common room, but when he saw Draco he turned around.Ginny stopped by for a minute, but the girl with the radish earrings got her for something so she was gone.Several Slytherins had passed by, some lingering longer than usual.Same with the Gryffindors, but no one else came in with us."Like what?" Harry asked."That egg!" Hermione hissed, looking at Draco."I don't hang out with Warrington, I don't know if he's figured it out yet or not." Draco said dully as Ron put another card on the tower."Come on, Hermione, I've got till February the twenty-fourth." Harry sighed."But it might take weeks to work it out!" Hermione put down her notes. "You're going to look a real idiot if everyone else knows what the next task is and you don't!""Like he already doesn't look like an idiot?" Draco said, carefully putting another cord on the tower.Ron and I both let out snorts at that. Ron tried to hold his back while I didn't."Cheers, Malfoy." Harry cracked a smile.Draco grinned at him as Ron put another card down."Leave him alone, Hermione, he's earned a bit of a break." Ron said.This time, Draco and Ron had one card left each and were working together to put the last two cards on.I clapped when they got it together, but not even three claps in, it exploded.Draco was expecting it, and already covered his face. Ron, however, was not expecting it and his eyebrows got singed."Nice look, Ron… go well with your dress robes, that will."George and Fred and found us.Draco and Gregory nodded to them, but the twins glared in response."Ron, can we borrow Pigwidgeon?" George asked, giving me a nod.Ron was feeling his eyebrows, trying to feel the damage."No, he's off delivering a letter, why?" Ron asked."Because George wants to invite him to the ball," Fred answered sarcastically."Because we want to send a letter, you stupid great prat," George responded just as sarcastically."Who d'you two keep writing to, eh?" Ron asked, this time looking at me."Nose out, Ron, or I'll burn that for you too," Fred pulled out his wand and waved it around threateningly. "So… you lot got dates for the ball yet?""Nope," Ron said.Hermione and I both looked at each.We knew we had dates, but no one else did."Well, you'd better hurry up, mate, or all the good ones will be gone." Fred said."Who're you going with, then?" Ron asked.Fred grinned."Angelina." He didn't hesitate."What?" Ron looked taken aback. "You've already asked her?""Good point, remind me to ask her when we find her." He tapped George on the shoulder."Cassie, want to come to the ball with me?" George asked me.I blinked at him."Thank you, but I'd rather go with someone as a date than as a friend." I said, knowing that no matter how I said it, it was going to hurt him.Draco inhaled through his teeth and started to look everywhere but at anyone.George nodded, keeping his face as neutral as possible."We'd better use a school owl then, George, come on…" Fred stood up and patted George on the shoulder.Hermione waited until they left the room before turning to me."That was rude!""I know!" I put my hands over my eyes."I wanted to be nice about it but I didn't have the time to think how to say it nicely!" I finished after rubbing my eyes for a second."We should get a move on, you know… ask someone. He's right. We don't want to end up with a pair of trolls." Ron had said to Harry.Hermione turned her attention away from me and towards Ron."A pair of…""Excuse me?" Hermione and I said over the other."Well - you know," Ron shrugged. "I'd rather go alone than with - with Eloise Midgen, say.""Her acne's loads better lately - and she's really nice!" I said, completely baffled by Ron."Her nose is off-center," Ron said.Hermione and I looked at each other.I started clearing up Draco's notes and organizing them."Oh I see," Hermione was bristling. "So basically, you're going to take the best-looking girl who'll have you, even if she's completely horrible?""Er - yeah, that sounds about right," Ron nodded."That sucks for you, because the best-looking girl is not going to want to go with an absolute wanker like you." I said, standing up.I had patted Draco on the shoulder as I stepped over the cards, joining Hermione by the door."We're going." Hermione said and she pulled me out of the classroom."That vile cockroach!" Hermione snapped as we sped walked."I know!" I nodded my agreement.Draco had decided he was going by himself. He wouldn't tell me who he wanted to go to the ball with, and Gregory had asked someone in Ravenclaw to go with him.More like she asked him but it didn't matter to me. She was a lot nicer about it than Parkinson was with Crabbe.Hermione and I still hadn't told each other who we were going with. I told her I would only tell her if she told me. So we took to picking out a dress for her instead. I still didn't feel comfortable showing her my dress, with Lavender and Parvarti coming and going as they did.I told her it was red though.When we were looking at dresses for Hermione, there was a beautiful one. We saw that it came in a lilac color, but I thought she would look better in a periwinkle blue color.The school was still on the 'impress the schools' thinking.Everlasting icicles hung on the banisters on the marble staircase; the usual twelve trees were covered in all sorts of ornaments. You couldn't see a single tree branch on any of them. The suits of armor had been bewitched to sing carols when someone passed them.Peeves had taken every opportunity to get inside any armor and sing his own lyrics. Filch was kept busy by getting him out of those pieces of armor.This was the only time I got pleasure from watching Peeves create chaos. I would point out different armor suits for him to get into.I denied it when Warrington spotted me doing so once. He only shook his head when I put on my best face of innocence.I haven't been getting any trouble from the Slytherins regarding Warrington asking me to the dance. I don't think he told anyone… I saw a few girls go up and I knew they were asking him to go to the ball, but he would shake his head.Nickolay tried asking me to the ball."Cassie!" He smiled in a charming way."Nickolay." I politely nodded to him."Vould you do me the honor of going to the ball vith me?" He asked, doing a whole thing where he bowed with his arm out behind him."No." I answered curtly.He paused in his bow."Vhy not?" He asked, trying to maintain a charming aura."I already have a date." I wanted to be done with this conversation.His eyes flashed with anger."Do not lie to me, Cassie." He went to grab my arm."I am not lying, Nickolay. I already have a date to the ball and it will not be with you. Good day!" I snapped at him.I turned around and walked away from him.I had gotten a few more people asking me to the dance. I was heartbroken to tell Neville no when he asked me. I did suggest asking Ginny since she wouldn't be able to go unless an older classmate asked her. He nodded and hurried off to ask her.Ron and Harry were still dateless by Friday."We've just got to grit our teeth and do it," Ron said Friday morning.Hermione and I had rolled our eyes at that."When we get back to the common room tonight, we'll both have partners - agreed?" Ron said."Er… okay." Harry nodded."If they hadn't waited until the very last minute, I would have gone with one of them." I rolled my eyes as I whispered to Hermione in History of Magic."Me too, but they haven't realized that we're girls yet." Hermione whispered back as she wrote furiously on her notes.During our Potion's test, I made sure to drop the bezoar in first and add things to it from there.The bezoar was the main ingredient of all and any antidotes and if I wanted a hope of passing, it was the key to doing so.Draco didn't want to get in trouble with Snape so he would block what he was doing over by his desk so I couldn't see what he was doing and how he was doing it.I just had to hope I was doing my best and will pass with a high enough grade.The bell couldn't ring fast enough in my opinion, and when it did, Harry put his hand on my shoulder."I'll meet you at dinner." He said and ran up the stairs."Where is he going?" Ron asked."You did say you were going to have dates before you went to the common room." I sighed."Oh right." He said sheepishly."I'm going to the library, Cassie, do you want to come with me?" Hermione asked."Sure. Ron?" I turned to him."No, I'll just go straight to dinner. I'll see you two later." Ron waved us off.Hermione and I went and returned books we had checked out.Viktor was there, with his usual following of girls.And Warrington was hiding behind some shelves."I'll be right back." I whispered to Hermione.She nodded."Warrington?" I kept my voice low."I never did ask, what color are you wearing?" He asked."Red… But I can change it?" I said, now thinking about the color and who I was going with."No, it's okay. I have black robes and I want to compliment you, not the other way around." He put his book down."Oh okay." I nodded.He put his hand on my lower back."Don't worry about anything. I want you to have fun at this dance." He said.I started to flush.The close contact, the low voices, the quiet atmosphere. It wasn't quite a romantic setting, but I was feeling it."Have you told anyone who you were taking yet?" I asked.I could feel my voice was breathless.He was able to hear it from the lazy grin he had on his face."No, not yet. Christensen has an idea but doesn't have proof. You really pissed her off." He moved his hand from my lower back and brushed my hair out of my face."I don't know what I did." I said, putting my hand on his.I don't know what he was playing at, but I knew I was playing into it."She won't say. But that's not our business, we're going to the ball together, that's what I'm focused on." He whispered to me.He was so much taller than me. I felt intimidated, but I liked the feeling it gave me…"Okay." I nodded looking up at him.He let go of my hand, and put his hand on my cheek.I lightly flinched.George hadn't even touched my cheek the way he was…"I admire that you have no shame in wearing your scars. But why do you hide these ones?" He traced his thumb down my face scar and looked at my left arm."When I got them, I was trying to get to Harry. I tried walking through fire to get to him and the fire was cursed. I hide them so that he doesn't feel guilty about it." I answered by taking a small step backwards, trying to get some space between us."I see." He said, reaching for my hand and letting me take a step back."You are fourteen?" He asked when we had a few seconds of silence between us."Yes." I nodded.He cupped my cheek again, his thumb just at the bottom of my scar.He stared into my eyes, so I stared back into his.His blue eyes were guarded. He didn't want to reveal everything yet and suddenly I was filled with a hunger to find out what was behind them.His eyebrows were bushy, but I could tell that he plucked the area above his nose. He had little dark hairs starting to grow.His eyelashes were long. Long enough to make me jealous at how unfair it was.His face got closer to mine, and I realized that I was holding my breath.He looked into my eyes, then down to my lips and back up to my eyes.I couldn't explain the feeling in my stomach I had, but it was more than what I felt with George…He grinned and placed a kiss on my cheek. On my scar and then let me go."I'll meet you at the bottom of the staircase. We'll go into the Great Hall together." He waved and then disappeared through the bookshelves.I stepped up against a bookshelf and tried to catch my breath."Cassie?"I turned around and Hermione was looking at me."Hey. Hi. How long have you been standing there?" I asked, trying to clear my throat."Not long. Are you okay?" She asked."I'm okay." I nodded."You're awfully red. And your hair is pretty pink too." She said."I don't want to talk about it. Let's go to dinner." I shook my head and started to walk towards the doors to get out of the library."Cassie, what happened?" Hermione was jogging to keep up with me."I don't want to talk about it." I said as we walked down the corridor.She dropped it and I headed towards a restroom.I wanted to splash cold water on my face to try and cool off the heat. If it would help? I was about to find out.Hermione walked in with me and several girls from Hufflepuff stopped talking as we walked in. They started whispering when they saw how pink and red my hair and face was.After splashing water on my face I patted it down with a paper towel and walked out.The bathroom erupted with noise when we left.The splash of water helped a little bit, but I couldn't control my hair from flickering between pink and red.I wasn't angry. I was just that flustered from the situation. Hermione was kind enough to change the subject."Where are the boys?" She asked as we sat down."I don't know." I said looking up and down the table.Draco sat down next to me."Why is your hair pink?" He asked as he started to make himself a plate of food."I don't want to talk about it." I answered."Where are Potter and Weasley?" He asked."We don't know." Hermione answered that one."Are you guys not worried?" Draco asked."They're trying to get dates before the end of the night." I informed him as I tried to air my face."Cassie, what the hell happened?" Draco dropped his fork on his plate."I really don't want to talk about it." I snapped back at him.I finished eating my food, grabbed a few rolls and a goblet of water.Hermione sighed behind me.When we entered the common room, Ron and Harry were sitting on the couch with Ginny patting Ron's shoulder."Why weren't you two at dinner?" Hermione asked when we joined them.My hair was still pink, but it was calming down."Because - oh shut up laughing, you two -" Ginny snapped at the boys.'Why are they laughing?'"Because they've both just been turned down by girls they asked to the ball!" Ginny answered.That shut the boys up. But I snorted at that."Thanks a bunch, Ginny." Ron said sourly."All the good-looking ones taken, Ron?" Hermione said loftily. "Eloise Midgen starting to look quite pretty now, is she? Well, I'm sure we'll find someone somewhere who'll have you.""Hermione." I rolled my eyes at her."Why is your hair pink?" Harry asked me.Before I could answer, Ron was stupid."Hermione, Cassie, Neville's right - you are girls…""Oh well spotted." hermione said, her voice like acid."Well - you can be our dates!" Ron said.I started laughing, throwing my head back and putting my hand on my belly."No, we can't!" Hermione snapped."Oh come on," Ron was starting to get impatient with us. "We need partners, we're going to look really stupid if we haven't got any, everyone else…""I can't come with you," Hermione had started to blush.I wiped my eyes."Neither can I." I added."We've already got dates." Hermione gestured between the two of us."No, you're not! You both said that to get out of going with Neville!" Ron exclaimed."I would have loved to have gone with Neville, if someone else hadn't asked me before he did!" I exclaimed defensively."Oh did I?" Hermione snapped. "Just because it's taken you three years to notice, Ron, doesn't mean that no one else has spotted we're girls!"Ron stared, then he grinned."Okay, okay, we know you're both girls," he said. "That do? Will you come now?""I've already told you! We're going with other people!" Hermione said angrily.Hermione stormed off, while Harry and Ron both looked at me expectedly.I lowered my head so that I was level with Ron."With the way you just treated us, I'd have rather gone with Neville than with you. That said, someone else has already asked me to go. Now you and Harry are both going to look like wankers."I followed Hermione up the stairs."They're lying." Ron's voice was flat as I walked away.Ron can be a prat sometimes. Also! I have some news! I now have a small job I can do at home! I'm Twitch Affiliate on twitch . tv ! So now I get payed to play video games LOL! No but I enjoy it, I get to meet some interesting people and I get to expand my hobbies.Shout out to lauratomo88 for adding me to your favorite and following list!Shout out to Liz7135 for following the story!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins and Awritingbookworm for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: I'm so glad! I was really worried you were going to start hating me for that! I just want her to grow her romanticism side. And if she's still hanging onto George then she's not really growing up, you know? And I don't like Vanessa either! Awritingbookworm: I thought about sticking her Harry. But I didn't want to write her as Harry's hostage, I wanted Ron to have that position. 

Chapter 29 Preparing for the BallParvarti and Lavender had come upstairs and started asking us who we were going to the ball with.They were surprised that we weren't going with Ron and Harry."They didn't ask us in time, and since they didn't think to ask us we got asked out by different people. We're going to wait until the Ball to show everyone." I answered them.They started gushing about how Harry had asked Parvarti and Padma was going to go with Ron.Hermione and I shared a look with each other but we kept to ourselves.Over the week, Ron would randomly ask us who we were going to the ball with. And it was starting to get annoying.He asked us again at dinner one night, with Draco next to me."I'm not telling you, you'll just make fun of me." Hermione answered."You're joking, Weasley!"I turned around, and Parkinson was howling with laughter."You're not telling me someone's asked that to the ball? Not the long-molared -"She was cut off.Warrington had come up behind her and she felt his presence. Parkinson turned around slowly and I waited with everyone else."Leave her alone, Parkinson. She hasn't done anything to you." Warrington spoke in a warning tone.I felt my face twitch in a smile, but I tried to keep my face neutral.Parkinson was confused at the change."But -""I did not stutter. Granger has done nothing to you. Leave her alone." Warrington spoke clearly.Parkinson looked around. No one knew what to do.So Draco turned to Hermione."Did you change your teeth? Now that Parkinson pointed it out, they don't look as uneven as they used too?" Draco asked.Hermione smiled widely, showing off her teeth."Of course they are - did you expect me to keep those fangs Parkinson gave me?"We turned around, giving our back to Parkinson and her Slything groupies. The commotion around us went back to normal."No, he's got a point. They're straight - and normal-sized." Ron agreed with Draco.Hermione's smile turned mischievous."Well… when I went up to Madam Promfrey to get them shrunk, she held up a mirror and told me to stop her when they were back to how they normally were. And I just… let her carry on a bit. Mum and Dad won't be too pleased. I've been trying to persuade them to let me shrink them for ages, but they wanted me to carry on with my braces. You know, they're dentists, they just don't think teeth and magic should - look! Pigwideon's back!"Draco looked at me with a confused look."Dentists are people who specialize with teeth. It's actually a high position of reputation in the muggle world. If Hermione were to be in muggle school, she'd be popular." I explained to him.Rather than be disgusted by that explanation, he was intrigued."Because of her parents' job? Not bloodline?" He asked as Ron, Harry, and Hermione went to Pig."Muggles don't have a thing for blood purity. There are some who care about the skin color of other people," I rolled my eyes at that. "But they're all people with different backgrounds and such. So the higher your parents are in a job line, the more popular you are." I finished.Draco nodded, I could tell he was still confused though."Where are they going?" Draco asked.I looked over my shoulder and noticed that my friends had run ahead."To read what that letter said." I answered."Who is it from?" He asked.I looked at him, and tried to be gentle."I can't tell you that." I answered."Why not?" He asked, his eyes flashing with hurt."Because it's not my place to say." I said, putting a hand on his shoulder."But -!""You may have proven yourself that you want to be friends, but that doesn't mean that they trust you with that kind of information right now." I interrupted him.He chewed on his lip for a second."When does that happen?" He asked.I shook my head."Are you willing to share with them what you know about Death Eaters?" I asked him, keeping my voice quiet.Draco stiffened up at that."To be trusted, one must also trust." I said calmly to him.I had joined my friends in the corner of the common room.George and Fred had started to get plenty of orders for the Canary Creams, and I made sure not to eat anything offered to me. But several of the other students were enjoying transforming in and out of canary forms.Harry let me read his letter from Sirius.'Dear Harry,Congratulations on getting past the Horntail. Whoever put your name in that goblet shouldn't be feeling too happy right now! I was going to suggest a Conjunctivitus Curse, as a dragon's eyes are its weakest point but your way was better, I'm impressed.Don't get complacent, though, Harry. You've only done one task; whoever put you in the tournament's got plenty more opportunity if they're trying to hurt you. Keep your eyes open - particularly when the person we discussed is around - and concentrate on keeping yourself out of trouble.Keep in touch, I still want to hear about anything unusual.Sirius'Then I was handed mine.'Treasure,I'm glad to hear that you've been looking out for Harry. But don't forget to take care of yourself. I know you can't tell me what you're going through, but I do hope that you have been in contact with Kassandra.I know. I know what she did to Karen, but she will be the best person to contact about how to help you. Stay safe, keep your eyes open.'Sirius'"He sounds exactly like Moody." I said handing my letter around to my friends."That's what I said." Harry chuckled."He's right though." Hermione spoke, "you have still got two tasks to do. You really ought to have a look at that egg, you know, and start working out what it means…""Hermione, he's got ages!" Ron snapped at her."Want a game of chess, Harry?" He asked Harry."Calm down, Hermione. Let Harry have this. He can't keep going in head first into everything. He needs a break, no matter how long it takes for him to get back into it." I patted Hermione on the arm.She huffed at us but nodded her head, "I suppose you're right."Since Draco was trying to make an effort, now that he was realizing that he had to start trusting my friends as well. He had started sharing some of his childhood stories with us. They weren't that great…His father was - is - a very strict man. And anytime Draco did anything to warrant a punishment. He got one.So I shared my childhood stories. Talking about what I did as pranks for the other kids. I made sure to keep out Gertrude in my stories.They didn't need to hear about her.Ron had the most interesting stories, being that he had so many siblings.We tended to hang out in a classroom, since there wasn't a large common area for everyone to hang out together comfortably. Hermione and Draco had taken turns conjuring up different fires for us to stay warm in the cold classroom.Hermione had more of a blue flame, while Draco was able to conjure emerald green flames.I figured it was because of how their magic worked in their bodies. Like how it was more of a signature of the conjurer.Neville joined us for a few minutes. Mostly to ask Hermione and I about homework questions he had. And to everyone's surprise, Draco even answered a few of the questions. Neville was still skittish around Draco, but Draco was learning that if he kept still and didn't move suddenly, Neville wouldn't squeak and run off in surprise.There was still a long way to go, but we were getting somewhere and that was what mattered.On the twenty-third, we were in our classroom and I saw Warrington walk by.Rather than wait for him to walk by a second time, I made up the excuse that I needed to go to the bathroom and made my way down where he went.Just as I turned a corner, something pulled me into a broom closet."Hello." Warrington grinned down at me.It was tight in here."Hello." I grinned up at him."How are you doing?" He asked, pushing a bucket over so that I could stand on it so that I wasn't looking straight up at him."I'm doing good. Thank you for standing up for Hermione the other day." I said as I stepped up onto the bucket."You're welcome I'll admit, it felt weird standing up for -" He took a moment to catch himself."A muggle-born."I grinned at him.He was still taller than me when I was standing on the bucket. I came up to his chin on the bucket."I really appreciate it. I'm sure the Slytherin's aren't giving you too much trouble for doing it." I didn't know where to put my hands.He noticed, so he grabbed my hands and put them on his shoulders. He put his hands on my waist.He grinned when he saw my hair turn pink."I like that color on you. It suits you." He complimented me."Thank you." I blushed."So tell me about yourself." He picked one of his hands off my waist and started to play with my hair."What do you want to know?" I asked, my mind suddenly racing.'I'm a Seer.''I killed someone.''I got locked up in a possessed diary in hopes to replace my friend.''I will walk through fire for my friends.''I almost did.'"How did you become friends with Harry Potter?" He asked.I blinked at that."Really? You want to know about that?" I asked."Yeah. It was strange, seeing him walk through the school and there you were. The reason anyone knew you was because you were a metamorphmagus. And then you stood up to Hector your first year… You stood out." He shrugged.I let out a chuckle. I had almost completely forgotten about Hector."Harry and I first met in Diagon Alley when shopping for our first year. I saw him in Gringott's but I wasn't able to talk to him until we were in the Leaky Cauldron. Then when we got on the train we bonded over the fact that we were orphans." I answered.He blanched at that thought."You bonded over being orphans? But aren't you Black's daughter?""I didn't find that out until my second year. So for our first year, we were the only two orphans we knew. I met Hermione at Madam Malkin's the same day I met Harry. Ron, I didn't meet until we were on the train." I answered.He blinked at that."And how did you find out you were related to Malfoy?" He asked."He told me. I didn't have a clue I had a family until I found out I was related to Sirius Black." I nodded at that."How did you find that out?" He asked.I paused for a second."How about you answer some questions for me? It's not fair that you get to know me but I don't get to know you." I said.I grew brave enough to lift one of my hands up and play with his hair on the side of his face.He flushed at that."There's nothing interesting about me." He said."Sure there is. Do you have any siblings?" I asked."No. I'm an only child. My parents thought about having another child, but it didn't work out that way. I'm not sure why." He shrugged at that."What do you plan on doing after school?" I asked him."I'm going to work in the Ministry. There are a few departments I could go into so I'm not sure which one yet." He answered."I want to be a teacher. I told McGonagall that when she becomes headmistress I want to take over her position of Transfiguration teacher." I told him.He chuckled at that."I bet she wasn't amused by that.""No, not really. But she told me I had to do good in my classes for that to be considered." I laughed with him."Is that why you're in the library with Granger? To stay on top of your grades?" He tilted his head."Yeah. I'm serious about being the next Transfiguration teacher." I nodded."You don't want to join a Quidditch team? I've seen you fly. You're good enough to be on the team if there weren't so many good Gryffindor players."He admitted that last part like it tasted bitter.I grinned at that."Thank you. I'm actually pleased to hear that other people think I'm a good flyer rather than just a lucky person.""Oh I'm sure you're lucky. Lucky to be spotted since you're always changing your hair. It does get quite distracting." He said.He had curled a strand of my hair around his fingers and gave it a kiss."I don't mean to be distracting." I chuckled at that."And yet you are." His voice got lower.My heart started to beat harder.He was doing that thing again. That good feeling I got in my stomach…We were staring into each other eyes, and I found myself cupping his face like he did mine the other day.He leaned in closer to me, looking at my eyes and then at my lips."Are you ever going to kiss me?" I whispered.He chuckled at that."Do you want me to?" His voice was soft."I do." I nodded, blinking slowly.He grinned.Something in the back of my mind told me he knew exactly what he was doing to me.He leaned in closer to me, our noses were touching and I could feel his breath on my lips.I couldn't wait any longer. But when my hand gripped his hair he was quicker than I was.He moved his head so that I kissed his cheek and he started to laugh at me."Oh come on!" I pulled away.Why didn't he want to kiss me?!"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's not that I don't want to kiss you. It's that I want it to be special for you. I'm waiting until the Ball. Since, you know, you're going to be all dressed up and the whole place is going to be decorated for it. It's the perfect place for a first kiss." He was chuckling as he pulled away from me.My heart warmed up at that."You're really thinking about that?" I asked, pulling back myself."Aren't you?" He asked."I've already had my first kiss…" I admitted.He blinked at that."Then it's the perfect setting for our first kiss." He said and placed a kiss on my cheek.I adored writing that last part of this chapter. It's fun teasing Cassie, but also showing that Cassius is wanting this to be a fun relationship.Shout out to Quietly Resolute for this story, and me to your favorite and following lists!Shout out to LunaChaseFoster for adding all of the stories, and me, to your following and favorite lists!Shout out to ethand . dewitt35 for following this story!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins, LilyLunaPotter, Awritingbookworm, and LunaChaseFoster for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: How about this one? LOL! I end up fanning myself and giggling while my boyfriend watches me like I'm crazy. But I'm glad that you're on board with Cassius!LilyLunaPotter: Uh hold on! ...The chapter for the Yule Ball is the next one! I was going to make it one long chapter since it involved the Yule Ball, I saw just how long it was going to be and had to cut it down and I ended up getting three chapters out of it LOLAwritingbookworm: That chapter that will answer your question is coming up! Sorry I don't want to say anymore without spoiling it!LunaChaseFoster: I will probably forget that LilyLuna and LunaChase are the same person at times but good to know! Thank you for the heads up!

Chapter 30 Going to the BallI held onto that warm and fuzzy feeling all the way through Christmas.I woke up with Lavender and Parvarti squealing and twirling around the room.They had gotten their dresses for Christmas.Hermione was staring at hers dreamily."Show us yours!" Parvarti noticed I was awake.I saw the small pile of presents at the foot of the bed."I've had mine. Narcissa bought it for me at the start of the school year." I told them when I went for my trunk.Lavender and Parvarti shared a look before waiting patiently.I pulled out my red dress and gave it a spin.The three of them gasped in awe."It's beautiful!""Completely gorgeous!""I can't wait to see it on you!""Thank you!" I smiled at them.I put my dress on my bed and opened my presents.From Harry, I had another two charms to add to my bracelet. One was a bear paw, and the other a stag antler.From Ron, more quills. I told him that I had started to carry around muggle quills and forgot to use regular ones. He must have remembered when he was at Hogsmeade.From Hermione, she had gotten more headbands for me. They were solid colors. Black, blue, white, and a pink one.From Draco, he had gotten me an etiquette book."That's strange." Hermione said when she picked it up."It's for me to start learning how to act around his family when we get together. I asked for it, actually." I informed her.She nodded at that.Mr. Weasley sent me a letter saying he couldn't get around to knitting me another sweater so he made me a card instead.I put a protective charm around that and placed it gingerly on my bedside table.From Narcissa she was kind enough to get me more nose rings. Her note said,'A girl can't have too much jewelry.'Sirius had even gotten me something. It was a penknife that could undo any lock and cut any knot.I made a note to start carrying that around after tonight.Hermione and I went downstairs to meet up with the boys for breakfast. I showed Harry the two new charms added to my growing collection of charms. We sat down with Draco and Gregory and enjoyed breakfast together.We all hung out in an empty classroom again, and Warrington came by a couple of times. Each time lingering longer and longer."What does he want?" Ron asked as we went to lunch.Before Ron asked that, I asked Draco if he wanted us to go eat at their table but he shook his head."He's probably just checking out the new Malfoy and Potter truce thing." I shrugged as we sat down."Why does that matter?" Draco asked."Because you two were sworn enemies and now you're acquaintances?" I retorted."Friends." Harry said.There were several clutter sounds as we dropped our different utensils."Merry Christmas, mate." Harry clinked his glass against Draco's and took a sip."Merry Christmas." Draco nodded and took a drink from his goblet.We shared a grin together behind our goblets."Zwart."I turned and there was Christensen standing over me. She had two goblets in her hand."Oh no. We're not doing a toast. You got me last year at Halloween. You're not getting me again." I started to shake my head when I saw them.Her face flashed in anger before she stomped away."What did she do?" Draco asked when she was out of ear shot."She gave me that 'Magigas' potion that reveals what I look like on Halloween. I won't accept a drink from anyone after that." I explained."That was her? I thought you were showing off." Draco admitted."Nope. I don't show off." I said as we went back to eating.After lunch we did our whole 'Christmas Snowball Fight'. Ron, Fred, and George were on one team. Harry, Draco and I were on another. Hermione opted to watch us instead.I noticed that George and Fred would go after Draco more, so I made sure to even the odds by getting them when they were going after Draco. Harry must have noticed it too because he started purposefully jumping in front of any snowballs meant for Draco.Fred got the hint, but George would still go after Draco on purpose.At five o'clock Hermione called me."We need to go get ready." She said."What, you need a whole three hours?" Ron asked.I took that moment to lob a snowball right at his head."Yes, yes we do." I said as Hermione and I linked arms.It took us two and half hours to get Hermione's hair done. I had more experience with hair spells so I was the one doing her hair.I had decided to do an elegant top knot and with how bushy her hair was, it needed to be smoothed out every twenty minutes.During that, I told her what I knew about makeup, and that was eyeliner and mascara. Those two things alone did wonders for her beautiful brown eyes.Once I managed to get it what I wanted it to do, I helped her put on her dress.For me, I had decided to take off my headband. Instead, I braided my hair into two braids, and then I put them over the top of my head like a princess crown. I pulled out some strands and curled them loosely by my ears and over my temple.I applied my eyeliner and mascara. I took out my black nose ring and put in my emerald stud. When Hermione helped me put on my dress, she touched her nose."Why not red or gold?" She asked."You'll find out." I winked at her."Are you going to do your black hair or leave it blonde?" Hermione asked when I did my actual twirl in my dress."I'm going to leave it blonde." I decided.She nodded and together we snuck out of the common room.It was pretty easy since no one else was paying attention to two girls walking out. They were still comparing and waiting when we left."My date's Warrington." I finally told her."Mine's Krum." She told me."No way!" I looked at her with wide eyes."I know. I was just as surprised as you!" She said as we walked down the marble staircase."Well congratulations!" I gave her arm a squeeze."Thank you. I better go wait outside. Viktor wanted to meet up at the doors, but I told him I can meet him outside." Hermione said when we reached the floor."Okay, I'll see you in there." We hugged each other."Have fun!" I waved at her as she left the Entrance Hall.I turned to look around the hall. Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs were meeting with each other. Padma was standing in a turquoise dress, clearly waiting for Ron to join her.Cedric was escorting Cho Chang, the Ravenclaw seeker, around. And then Warrington came up the stairs. He was wearing black robes that had just a hint of emerald green around the trimming.He looked around, scanning the room. He looked at me a couple of times, and it wasn't until I smiled that he realized."You look beautiful." He said when he reached me."You look handsome." I smiled at him."I noticed that Christensen tried her trick on you earlier." He said when he offered me his arm."She tried. Only an idiot tries the same trick twice." I took his arm.He let out a chuckle as he led me to the doors."Red suits you remarkably well." He said as we walked."Thank you. I think it has something to do with my house colors, but we'll never know." I winked at him.He let out a laugh at that.The rest of the Slytherin's came up the stairs.Pansy was wearing the most horrendous dress of pink frills. And Crabbe had mossy green robes."Oh poor dears." I said.Warrington nodded in agreement.The front doors opened and the Durmstrange students came in. Viktor came in leading the group, and Hermione was nervously grinning as she walked with him."Champions over here, please!" McGonagall's voice called."Time to go, shall we?" He offered his arm to me."We shall."McGonagall was in red tartan robes and looking quite stressed. She had an ugly wreath of thistles around the brim of her hat."Wait here, everyone will be going in before you and you shall walk in a procession." She instructed us.Fleur Delacour had asked Rager Davies, the Ravenclaw Quidditch captain to be her date and he wouldn't stop staring at her. Hermione was nervously looking around while Viktor was standing next to her."Is that Hermione Granger with Viktor Krum?" Warrington asked me, his voice low as Harry and Padma joined us."That is." I nodded.Warrington nodded at that.I turned to Harry and waved to him.His jaw was dropped and Parvarti was looking between Hermione, Viktor, and I with disbelief."Hi Harry! Hi Parvarti!" Hermione greeted them.Harry didn't say anything to either of us as the Great Hall doors opened.Viktor's fan club glared at Hermione as they walked past.I got some glares from the Gryffindor house as they walked by me and Warrington. Slytherin was glaring at me, while only a few Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw students glared.George was especially furious when he recognized me standing next to Warrington.Warrington matched his glare when George and Alicia passed by."This is not going as well as I thought…" Warrington admitted to me."It's going better than I thought." I shared with him."Better?" His eyebrows furrowed together in confusion."I thought I would be hexed by now." I admitted.He shook his head and let out a strangled sigh.Ron didn't look at me, or Hermione, when he passed us. Parkinson didn't have anything mean to say to Hermione. She was also in shock at Hermione's transformation."Breath, Cassie." Warrington whispered into my ear.I let out the breath I didn't realize I was holding onto."I didn't expect you to be so nervous." He let out a small chuckle."Me neither." I admitted.Once everyone was settled, McGonagall led us to the large round table at the top of Hall. It was placed where the teachers usually sat.The Hall had been decorated for the occasion. Silver frost sparkled in the candlelight, garlands of mistletoe and ivy crossed the starry black ceiling."Kind of wish it was snowing instead of a starry night. Make it just a tad more romantic." I said to Warrington.He laughed over the applause of everyone.Besides the large table at the top, there were smaller tables placed around the Hall. Each could seat around a dozen or so people. I did notice that there was a mixture of people sitting around that were from the different houses.People may not like that Warrington and I are together, but I could see there was a small difference starting. Ron was glowering at Hermione and I when we passed him.Padma was sulking next to him.Dumbledore looked surprised when he saw me walking with Warrington, but he smiled nonetheless.Karkaroff was wearing the same expression as Ron when he watched Hermione and Viktor. Ludo Bagman was here, wearing bright purple robes with yellow stars on them, he was clapping enthusiastically with the rest of the students.Madam Maxime had traded her usually black satin for a flowing gown of lavender silk. She was beautiful in it.I stumbled when I saw that the fifth seat was not occupied by Mr. Crouch, but by Percy Weasley.He glared at me but looked pointedly at Harry. I sat on Parvati's side and Warrington sat next to Karkaroff."I've been promoted," Percy said to Harry as they sat down.Warrington pulled my chair out and when I sat down he pushed it in for me."I'm now Mr. Crouch's personal assistant, and I'm here representing him." Percy finished."Why didn't he come?" Harry asked."I'm afraid to say Mr. Crouch isn't well, not well at all. Hasn't been right since the World Cup. Hardly surprising - overworked. He's not as young as he was - though still quite brilliant, of course, the mind remains as great as it ever was.But the World Cup was a fiasco for the whole Ministry, and then, Mr. Crouch suffered a huge personal shock with the misbehavior of that house-elf of his, Blinky, or whatever she was called. Naturally, he dismissed her immediately afterward, but - well, as I say, he's getting on, he needs looking after, and I think he's found a definite drop in his home comforts since she left.And then we had the tournament to arrange, and the aftermath of the Cup to deal with - that revolting Skeeter woman buzzing around - no, poor man, he's having a well-earned Christmas. I'm just glad he knew he had someone he could rely upon to take his place!" Percy did not skip a single beat.I looked at Warrington and couldn't suppress the eye roll."Aren't you a friend of the Weasley family?" Warrington asked me."Only with some of them. The others have let their opinion of me be clouded with who my father is." I said, not bothering to keep my voice low.Percy made a huffing sound but Harry was the one who cleared his throat.Percy bowed his head but I stared Harry straight in the eyes.'Don't start a fight.''I make no promises.'Dumbledore chuckled in his seat and picked up his menu."Pork chops." He spoke.Pork chops appeared on his plate.I looked at my menu and decided on the prime rib.Prime rib, mashed potatoes, and a healthy side of vegetables.Warrington nodded at my selection and ordered baked ham that smelled delicious.I looked up at Hermione, thinking she would be a little angry about how much more work this must be for the house-elves, but she was in a deep conversation with Viktor."Vell, ve have a castle also, not as big as this, nor as comfortable, I am thinking," Viktor was talking to her."I don't think he's said more than twenty words to me." I kept my voice low as I leaned towards Warrington."He hasn't spoken to me." Warrington shook his head as he took a bite of his food." - though in vinter, ve have very little daylight, so ve are not enjoying them. But in summer ve are flying everyday, over the lakes and the mountains!" Viktor was telling Hermione."Now, now, Viktor!" Karkaroff laughed, but it didn't sound warm. "Don't go giving away anything else, now, or your charming friend will know exactly where to find us!""This is kind of intimidating." Parvati whispered to me."It really is." I agreed with her.I missed what Dumbledore had said."Well, Dumbledore," Karkaroff pulled his lips back, showing off his yellow teeth. "We are all protective of our private domains, are we not? Do we not jealously guard the halls of learning that have been entrusted to us? Are we not right to be proud that we alone know our school's secrets, and right to protect them?""If Professor Dumbledore knew all of the secrets Hogwarts had to hide, do you really think you would be here? Sir?" I asked, taking a sip of my water.Karkaroff's eyes flashed at me, but Dumbledore was chuckling."I would never dream of assuming I know all Hogwarts' secrets, Igor," Dumbledore took the attention off me.Warrington had let out a single chuckle and was covering it by drinking from his goblet."Only this morning, for instance, I took a wrong turning on the way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room I have never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamber pots. When I went back to investigate more closely, I discovered that the room had vanished. But I must keep an eye out for it. Possibly it is only accessible at five-thirty in the morning. Or it may only appear at the quarter moon - or when the seeker has an exceptionally full bladder."Warrington, Harry, and I all snorted at that.Karkaroff gave a humph and went back to eat his dinner."How did you find out you were related to the Malfoy's?" Warrington asked, keeping his voice low."Draco told me, or… more like, tried to be rude about it? I didn't have a clue the Malfoy's or Black's were related." I told him as we started to finish up our food.There was a slap on the table, causing us to jump.Then Davies slapped his hand on the table."Like that. Yeah!"Warrington and I shared a look before snickering into our drinks.'He wouldn't be bad company at the Malfoy dinners… I'll have to ask him over the summer.'The next chapter is going to be thrilling for you guys!Shout out to LuckyAryk for following this story!Shout out to kisk5575 for following and favoriting 'The Treasured Philosopher's Stone'!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins, LaViolaViolaRosa, and LunaChaseFoster for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: Here's to more screaming! Just wait until next week!LaViolaViolaRose: They are, aren't they? As to Warrington's fate, spoilers!LunaChaseFoster: I'm sorry LilyLunaPotter was taken! 

Chapter 31 Our First KissAt the end of dinner, Warrington and I were talking about which classes we favored over the others.Surprisingly, Warrington's favorite class was Herbology. He wasn't surprised that mine was Transfiguration.Dumbledore stood up and asked the students to do the same.Warrington put a hand on my arm. He pulled my chair out and held his hand out for me. I had a moment of irritation cross my mind. I wasn't helpless, I could do these things myself.But since it was the Yule Ball, I didn't say anything right away.Warrington held his arm out for me and I put my hand in the crook of his elbow."Did I tell you that you look beautiful?" He asked me."You have, actually." I nodded."You still do." He smiled down at me.He had a square jaw and I noticed that when he smiled, he had dimples.There was a band called the Weird Sisters who trooped up onto a stage that was conjured. A set of drums, several guitars, a lute, a cello, and some bagpipes were up there.Warrington led the way onto the dance floor, behind Delacour and Viktor. Harry was behind us."Do you know how to dance?" Warrington asked as we stood in front of each other.He put his hand on my waist and since he was much taller than I was, I put my hand in the crook of his elbow as we held onto the other hand with each other."No." I admitted.He blinked at that."Don't worry. Just follow my lead."The music started at that moment.A mournful tune started up and Warrington took the lead.It was difficult at first. I didn't have a clue what was happening."Relax your body, let me guide your feet." Warrington's voice was kind.I thought he would have been harsh with me, but he was patient with me. When the song ended I gave a noticeable sigh of relief."Do you want to go sit down?" Warrington asked as we applauded."No. I want to get better." I answered.He let out a small chuckle."You Gryffindor's are not afraid of a challenge."I let out a laugh at that."You have no idea, Warrington.""Cassius."The Weird Sisters had started a different song, but this one was faster paced."I'm sorry?" I asked when he pulled me in for a faster dance."Call me Cassius." He said as he led me around the dance floor."Only if you call me Cassie." I tapped my finger on his hand."Okay, Cassie." He grinned at me.I grinned back at him.After a few more songs, which had gotten faster and now the crowd was just jumping around and dancing together, having an excellent time.Cassius took my hand and led me through the crowd to where a table had an assortment of beverages and snacks."Would you like anything?" He asked, gesturing to the table."Some punch would be nice." I nodded.He nodded back, kissed the back of my hand, and went to get us punch.I went to the sweets area of the table and picked up a brownie."Hello, Cassie."I turned around and Vanessa was with her friend. Her friend was wearing a yellow dress and Vanessa had on a green dress that complimented her hair."Hello." I greeted her cautiously."I didn't realize that you and Warrington would be coming together." She said politely."I'm not doing this. Not tonight, not tomorrow, not again. Leave me alone Vanessa." I said.I grabbed another brownie and walked over to Cassius who was talking to Dean and Christensen."Cassie!" Cassius greeted me.I finished the brownie in another bite and waved at Dean and Christensen.I offered the other brownie to Cassius who shook his head. I took the offered cup of punch and chewed on my brownie."How are you doing?" Cassius put an arm around my shoulder.I nodded to him as Christensen looked at me with a sour expression.I pointed at Dean and Christensen."How'r ye-?" I asked, my mouth full."We're doing good." Dean was cautious to answer.I nodded at them and took a sip of my punch.I felt the familiar electrical jolt from the 'Magiga's' potion.I pushed Cassius away from me, quickly swallowing what brownie was left in my mouth."Seriously!?" I raised my voice at him.His eyes were wide when my scars showed and my hair darkened.The strapless part showed off the top of the black flames. They reached the top of my shoulder, with one particular lick of flame across my collarbone. And it showed my basilisk stab scar, and my tattoos were flashing for the world to see."Beth!" Both Cassius and Dean turned to the girl.I watched as her face fell from an evil grin, to a shocked expression."It wasn't you?" I turned to Cassius."No! I would never-!" He shook his head at me."What is the matter with you?" Dean was asking Christensen.I threw my cup at Christensen.She was, stupidly, wearing a silver gown and when the red punch got on it…"You bitch!" She shrieked."Christensen." Snape was hovering."Zwart." McGonagall had shown up.Christensen, Dean and Cassius all started trying to talk over each other."Silence!" McGonagall snapped.She turned to look at me as I watched with satisfaction as Christensen looked down at her dress."Miss Zwart, what happened?" McGonagall asked me."Christensen tricked me into drinking the 'Metamorphas Magiga's' potion. So I threw my punch at her." I answered promptly.McGonagall gave her wand a wave and Christensen's stain came off easily."Severus?" McGonagall looked at the Slytherin head of house.He was looking at my black flames, and I couldn't read his emotions."Christensen will serve a month's worth of detentions with me." He said slowly."Zwart will have detention for two weeks." McGonagall said."That's not fair!" Christensen cried out."Two months." Snape said coldly, glaring at his student.I kept my mouth shut.Christensen glared at all of us before storming off."I'm so sorry!" Cassius said as soon as everyone left."I need some air." I put my other brownie on the table, not caring about it.I walked out of the Great Hall, with Cassius right behind me."Cassie -""Not right now. I need a moment." I put my left hand up at that.I heard him as he followed me through the courtyard.The courtyard was decorated with rose bushes. And little fairies were twinkling around. Normally I would have been in awe about it but I was frustrated at that moment.In the center of the courtyard was a centerpiece of deer and more rose bushes. I was grateful that there were benches and they were empty. So I sat down on one.I closed my eyes and took a few deep breaths in through my nose and out of my mouth.I wanted to get my thoughts in order before confronting Cassius.Did he plan it?Was he a part of it?Did he mean for this to happen?Is it possible to still be friendly after this?I opened my eyes and Cassius was looking at me. Not at my scars, at me."Did you know?" I asked him.He held his hand up, "I knew what Christensen wanted to do. I told her not to bother you."I squinted my eyes at him."I never want you to change yourself. You being a metamorphmagus is who you are. By giving you that potion," - I knew which one he was talking about - "it takes that away from you." He explained.I nodded slowly and patted the bench so he could sit down next to me."I'm sorry, but I'm having a hard time believing you right now. The timing was perfect for Christensen." I sighed.He nodded as he kept his distance."Cassie?"We looked up to see Harry and Ron both fast walking to us."I'm fine. It wasn't Cassius." I said immediately.They both glared suspiciously at him anyways."What happened?" Harry asked when he reached me.His eyes flickered over my scar and they widened.No one has ever seen just how high up they went up my arm. It was covered by the school uniform last year."Christensen got me again. This time she -" I looked at Cassius.He would hopefully know what happened."When I was getting us punch, I looked away for a second. She must have slipped it in at that moment." He answered, staring at me."How would she know which cup was Cassie's?" Ron asked stiffly."I had taken a drink out of my cup." He admitted, this time looking away.I put a hand on his shoulder."It's not your fault. I should have been on my guard with her." I told him.Harry must have thought that was a hint because he had grabbed Ron's arm and pulled him away.Ron was sputtering as he was pulled away.Cassius waited a few more moments before he took my hand and held it, looking at my scar now."You shouldn't have to be guarded around me. You should be able to relax when you're with me."His voice had gotten lower, but not to be sensual. He sounded disappointed."We knew getting into this that people were going to be against it." I said to him, moving my hand so that he could see in between my fingers."I know… For a moment I was too optimistic." He admitted, turning my arm to look at them."You can touch it, it doesn't hurt." I wiggled my fingers at him.He chuckled and slowly caressed my arm."I knew you had gotten hurt in your first year. The whole school knew about Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. But why did you go after it?" He asked."What were you told?" I asked.He raised an eyebrow at me."I'm genuinely curious." I told him."We were told that you guys were trying to stop Quirrell from getting it." He told me."That's the truth. Quirrell wanted to live forever, don't know why. But I wasn't in the last room where Harry faced him. We got separated along the way." I explained.I was starting to get chills from the way his palm was sliding around my arm."How did that happen?" He asked, this time pulling me close to him and he put his arm over my shoulder."Ron got knocked out by a chess piece. That puzzle was designed by McGonagall. So we had to leave him to get to Quirrell."The next room was designed by Quirrell actually, he had put in a troll to protect the stone but he had already knocked it out for us without knowing we were right behind him."Snape designed the room after that, he had purple flames in the back, and black flames in the front. We had to use logic to guess which of the seven potions was the one that will let us move forward, or move back. Some were just wine and the others were poison. I think one of them had an antidote? I don't remember. The potions that allowed us to go forward or back? There was just enough for one person. And there were three of us."Cassius nodded but didn't say anything else."So we agreed that Hermione would be the one to go back and Harry was to move forward. I volunteered to stay in that room. In hindsight, Hermione probably should have stayed since I was a faster flyer."Flitwick designed a room with enchanted keys and we had to catch the one that fit the door. There were three broomsticks there and it took Ron, Harry, and me to catch it."But I couldn't leave Harry. He was my first best friend and even though I couldn't be there to have his back, I would be in his corner. I felt better just being there."At some point there was yelling from the room in front of me, and rather than wait for someone to show up, I tried pushing through the flames. Only problem was that Snape put a curse on them. And I don't blame him for it!"Cassius had inhaled sharply through his nose."How was he supposed to know a twelve year old girl would try to push through them? He imagined a grown wizard, not anyone younger. He put it there as an extra precaution." I finished."The flames were cursed. How does that affect you?" Cassius asked."Feel my arms. Is there a difference to you?" I pulled away from Cassius and held my arms out for him.He slid his palm down my scarred arm and then down my tattooed arm. He lingered at the tattoos that flashed."This one feels cooler." He gave my scarred arm a shake."There's no way to fully recover from the curse. It's a part of me now. But Snape knew a charm that could keep the heat away. When I don't perform the charm, my arm is as hot as those flames." I answered him, cuddling back into his side.He nodded and put his arm around me again."What about this one?" He tapped just above the basilisk scar."Ginny Weasley and I were taken to the Chamber of Secrets. I fell at some point and landed on a very sharp rock." I lied about that one.He raised an eyebrow."The monster didn't stab you?" He asked."I fought the whole way, and when I was fighting, my weight didn't carry through my feet very well and I landed on the rock." I nodded.He kept his eyebrow raised at that but then gave a slow nod."What about your tattoos?" He asked, pointing at them."What do you think?" I asked him."The lightning bolt is clearly Potter, and from what you told me of the chess match, Weasley is the King. So that means Granger is the book." He answered."Very good! They're my best friends. And I would do anything for them. So I got something on my body to represent them." I smiled up at him.He smiled down at me."What about you? Any interesting scars or tattoos no one else can see?" I asked him."I've got two tattoos. The bigger of the two is on my shoulder. The smaller of them is on my ankle. My parents would kill me if they found out about them." He admitted, keeping his voice low."What are they?" I asked him, getting excited.Oliver, my piercer, was the only I knew who had a tattoo. He hasn't told me what it is though."Here." He pulled away and pulled up his dress robes.On the inside of his left ankle, there was a symbol. It was a triangle with a circle in the center, and a line was going down the middle."What is that?" I asked, genuinely confused."You don't know?" He asked, putting his robes down.I shook my head."Have you heard of Beedle the Bard?" He asked, looking confused."No." I shook my head again."Did you not grow up on stories?" He asked."I did. But I've never heard of Beedle the Bard." I told him.He looked at me, a mixture of emotions on his face."I grew up in a muggle orphanage. I was raised on muggle stories." I told him."You grew up -?" His voice had gone soft."I didn't know I had family until my third year, remember? I had to live somewhere, and that was an orphanage until the Malfoy's adopted me." I told him gently.He shook his head and his grip on my shoulder tightened a little."I could never imagine a world without my parents." He admitted quietly.At that moment another couple had made their way into the courtyard.Snape and Karkaroff came around a corner and blasted a bush."Ten pints from Ravenclaw, Fawcett! And ten points from Hufflepuff too, Stebbins!" Snape snarled as a couple ran back into the castle.Snape saw Cassius and I sitting on the bench. With a sniff he turned on his heel and continued walking around the courtyard, Karkaroff right behind him."Let's walk around?" Cassius stood up.I nodded and took his hand."Are you cold?" He asked me as we went in the opposite direction of Snape."No. I think the courtyard is enchanted for the night." I told him.He nodded and we walked."So tell me more about this Beedle the Bard."We exchanged stories from our childhood. I told him about my favorite one, Cinderella. While he told me about strange ones that he grew up in, like Bapitty Wapitty and her Cackling Stump and The Tale of the Three Brothers.The three brothers is where he got the tattoo, it represented the Deathly Hallows.When he got to the part about the invisibility cloak, I immediately thought of Harry. But I brushed it off, there's no way there's an all powerful wand, a resurrection stone, and an invisibility cloak. That was just stupid."Do you want to go back in and dance some more?" Cassius asked when we passed the doors into the entrance hall."Can we?" I asked when we stopped."Yeah! Whatever you want!" He nodded to me.I looked around.We were standing underneath an archway that was decorated with icicles and roses."Can you kiss me now?" I asked.He blinked down at me."You don't want it to be a surprise?" He asked."I'll be surprised whenever you decide to kiss me." I told him.He let out a chuckle at that."Will you?" I asked again.He looked down at me and he moved quickly.He put both of his hands on my face and suddenly I was very aware of how muscular his body was and how firm his forearms were against my chest.He lowered himself down to be on my level, and he pulled my face close to his. I held my breath as he stared into my eyes.He slowly pushed his nose against mine and I could feel his breath on my lips again."Please." I didn't know if I said it out loud or not.But he finally kissed me.FINALLY! Also, I am so so sorry for not getting this out sooner! My boyfriend and I have been running around doing errands together and I've finally been able to sit down and get this out for you guys. I hope you enjoyed it!Shout out to LuckyAryk for following this story!Shout out to Pamela Hutchins, LunaChaseFoster, and officegal for leaving a review!Pamela Hutchins: I'm so glad you're loving this fluff! I was wiggling in excitement when I wrote this chapter and I wiggled when I uploaded it because I know you're going to be so happy with it! AAAHHH!LunaChaseFoster: Awe thank you!officegal: My mom says that to me all the time so I put it in the story lol. I haven't seen Holes in such a long time haha.
