False PretensesTags: Slow Burn, Angst and Hurt/Comfort, Humor, Enemies to Friends to Lovers, Banter, Friendship, Psychological Trauma, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD, Post-War, Addiction, Nightmares, Abuse, Fake/Pretend Relationship, Dysfunctional Relationships, Draco isn't debonair and perfect because he's broken, Hermione doesn't have a bleeding heart for anything that moves, Slytherins can have loyal friendships, Everyone goes through a moment of self discovery, unlearning prejudices, HealingVoldemort was dead. The war was finally over. All were rejoicing except maybe for the Malfoys. Lucius was in Azkaban and the association of the Malfoys with the Dark Lord has ostracized them from society. There was only one way left to salvage their family name. "You want me to marry a-" He couldn't bring himself to finish his sentence.*A story that uses the most common tropes in Dramione fanfiction... Then changes how it's done."I've gotten word that the ministry is planning to gradually strip your family of your property, money, and status." Zachary Levinson, the Malfoy family legal adviser, began as he eyed Draco and Narcissa sympathetically.Draco said nothing as he studied his family's longtime solicitor. The hairline of his sleeked back dark hair seemed to have receded even further since the last time he saw him. The buttons of his white shirt strained with every movement he made. His black suit was taught over his arms, a portion of the fabric bunching up slightly on his shoulders, clearly a size smaller."Needless to say, it would be unlawful to do so based solely on the sentence passed on Lucius. That would go against all of your basic rights." Levinson paused for a moment to emphasize his next point. "However, control in the ministry has shifted. Majority of the authority and power belong to those who fought against you during the war."He handed Narcissa a thin ledger outlining the profiles of all the current ministry heads, along with their constituents. "Various magical creatures and muggle-borns now make up the majority of the committee. Your past influence can no longer be utilized. And if I may be so frank, I would even go as far as saying it's a liability."Narcissa said nothing as she perused the thin black leather book in her hands, silently sizing up potential adversaries.Draco's jaw clenched to reel in a sarcastic response.Levinson smoothed out a particularly long piece of parchment on the coffee table. "Do you recognize any of these?"Mother and son scanned the long list of names in silence."Some." Narcissa responded with half lidded eyes, her demeanor cold but graceful. "What is this list for?""All of those names are part of the ministry's newly formed organization." Levinson paused to take a sip of his now stale tea, coughing at the unpleasant way the lukewarm liquid trailed down his throat. "I'm sure you don't need me to explain any further?""The Order of the Phoenix." Narcissa concluded."Built to honor the memory of the legendary Dumbledore." Levinson added as he nodded in affirmation. "A separate department that aims to dissolve discrimination, not only among wizards and witches, but across all forms of magical creatures as well.""Why now?"All eyes were on the Malfoy heir, who until then, had chosen to stay silent."Why form this organization now? Two years after the war is over?"Levinson sighed once again as he folded his arms over his rounded belly. "Your guess is as good as mine. But the propaganda they're pushing is to ensure that no such living creature will ever undergo any form of discrimination, or unjust treatment whatsoever. The ministry claims they've been organizing this for almost a year, but only now took precedence because war damages had to be prioritized."Draco folded his arms across his chest. "So where do we stand in all of this?""Unfortunately, I have it on good authority that your family is in the top list of those 'under probation' by The Order."Narcissa slowly placed the ledger beside the lone parchment stretched out on the coffee table. She smoothed her hands through both sides of her head, fingers touching the tight low bun on the nape of her neck. Without a word, she made her way over to the window, letting her eyes sweep over the vast land of the Malfoy lineage as the sun began to set.Levinson's gaze landed on the plush chair he had been so used to seeing Lucius on whenever he would be called into his study for business. It's been a year and a half since he'd been sentence to life in Azkaban."Why your family? Why not go after other purebloods who also served under the Dark Lord?" Levinson voiced out their unspoken query, taking their silence as a signal to continue."The union of the Black-Malfoy families, both members of the sacred twenty-eight, is the epitome of a pureblood family." He paused to glance at the Malfoy heir pointedly. "Your ancestry is the oldest, richest and most influential; arguably the most famous as well. Wealth begets influence which begets popularity, and the cycle begins all over again. If I were to take an educated guess, I would say that The Order plans to purge the old dogma of pureblood superiority by making a public spectacle of how they could break, or rather tame the Malfoys."Levinson watched Draco's knuckles turn deathly pale, nearly purplish, at how hard he was clutching his goblet of firewhiskey. He sighed. The poor boy was drinking himself to waste and the sun hadn't even set.Narcissa turned around, her expression flat as she folded her hands across her chest. The movement made the fabric of her velvet green dress swirl across her shins. "I don't understand Zack. My son and I have served both our sentences. We've paid off all the war reparations demanded from us. My husband is serving a lifetime in Azkaban as we speak. What more do they want?""Again, your guess is as good as mine." He echoed, giving the Malfoy matriarch a weary glance."I know it'll be hard. No. It'll be very hard from now own. Especially with all the support The Order gets from the Wizarding world. But…" Levinson paused, seemingly unsure. "I think there may be a way."Narcissa raised an eyebrow, her initial unfeeling demeanor morphed into a mix of interest and hope. She nodded for him to continue.Draco narrowed his eyes skeptically at the uncertainty he could sense off of Levinson."The Order sees your family as a threat, so it would be natural that most, if not all, eyes would be on you. So I began to think…" Levinson stood up, pacing the room as he clutched one hand on the top of his balding head. "Why not find an ally who could convince the Order that your family's stance is no longer what they assume it to be?"Narcissa said nothing, but if the way her eyebrows furrowed was any indication, one could tell she was just as confused as she was intrigued."What I'm referring to, is a public display of your family's support for The Order." Levinson answered."Do you hear yourself?" Draco scoffed in disbelief. He was done holding his tongue. "Do you honestly think people would believe that the Malfoys agree with the stance of The Order?" He paused to glance at his mother, who avoided his gaze. "That we would march out and lobby for the equality of all magical creatures? Attend meetings and protests about how house elves should be set free? How sea monsters and flobberworms should be seen as creatures with rights?"He paused to catch his breath, releasing a huff of indignation that filled the silence in the room."It's dim-witted, and you know it." He shook his head as he downed the rest of his drink, numb to the fire that trickled down his throat. "And even if we did support it, no one, and I mean no one, would ever believe it." He finished with a tone of finality."I know." Came Levinson's deadpan response.Draco's anger spiked up tenfold. "Then why the hell are you suggesting it?!""I know I said that your family should show a public support for The Order, but not in the way you thought it would be." Levinson paused, mirth evident in his eyes as he tried to restrain his laughter. "I'm offended that you would think I would advise something that second rate."Draco gritted his teeth as he bit down a reply full of expletives."What I am referring to is a more indirect, slightly inconspicuous, but greatly effective way of showing to the public that yes, the Malfoys are in favor of The Order's movement." Levinson grinned, straightening up his spine in a gesture of confidence.Narcissa moved back to sit on the couch she had earlier shared with her son. "Get to the point Zack."With a nod, Levinson turned his gaze towards Draco, raising his hand to the level of his eye. "Do you know what this is boy?" Happiness seem to radiate around him as he showed off his ring.Draco narrowed his eyes and responded flatly. "A wedding ring.""Correct." He nodded as he gave the Malfoy heir a meaningful look."Marriage?" Draco's face had a tired look that said he's had this conversation so many times he's already lost count. He ran a hand through his hair, not being able to bite back the sarcasm. "What? You want me to find another influential pureblood family? Join forces with them? Create an equally merry bunch to oppose The Order?""No. No. No. Haven't you listened to a word I said?"Draco wanted to roll his eyes, annoyed that his family's solicitor missed the obvious jab."You have to show that you support the Order in a subtle way." Levinson paused for emphasis. "Marriage is correct. But marriage to a pureblood, is not."Draco's initial indifference shifted to a look of silent shock and disbelief. "You want me to marry a-" He couldn't bring himself to finish his sentence.Levinson donned a goofy smile as he nodded in affirmation. "Marriage with a muggle-born witch!"Levison felt the temperature in the room drop as he watched two identical sets of gray eyes shift. Mother and son remained silent and unmoving, their faces an impassive mask. Levinson sighed. He could almost hear their Occlumency at work.It was Draco who finally cut through the silence. "Elaborate."Clearing his throat, Levinson shifted his gaze to the current head of the Malfoy family. Narcissa sat still, her expression remained just as stone-faced as her son."Like I said, we need a subtle, clever gesture that inconspicuously equates to support. And I'm convinced that marriage to a muggle-born would have to be the best choice." Levinson began, outlining the details of his plan further. "Joining The Order, participating in their gatherings, or even publicly pledging allegiance would result to even more suspicion."He stood up and began to pace the room once more, the nervous energy was back with a vengeance. He could feel the nerves in his spine tingling. "But remaining in status quo isn't an option either. Indifference will give The Order the opportunity to incriminate you further."Levinson paused from his pacing to glance first at the Malfoy family matriarch, then to its heir. "The war may have ended two years ago, but there is still so much displaced hatred and revenge. Those people in The Order? Most of them have experienced discrimination and persecution in one way or another. Not all their intentions are for the greater good. So if they choose to persecute you, it will be a difficult battle.""Well bloody fucking great." Draco replied monotonously. "They might as well just lock us up in Azkaban.""Draco. Language." Narcissa threw a pointed gaze at her son for his lack of poise, before turning her attention back to Levinson. "So the decision you deem best for us, is to have my son marry a muggle-born?""Yes." Levinson nodded. "It is the best decision you can take in order to appease The Order."Draco let out a long, irritated sigh. "Explain to me how that differs from my earlier examples of ass kissing."Narcissa threw him another look of admonishment for his use of such a crass term."I thought you would never ask!" Levinson grinned widely, pulling out a large black envelope from his satchel before settling it to his side. "Marrying just any insignificant muggle-born witch would be pointless."Draco slouched back on the leather couch uncaring, letting his eyes dart from the envelope to the ceiling. "And that is?""A possible key to the resolution of your problems with the Order." Levinson pushed the hidden file towards Draco, watching it slide across the table seamlessly. "I've done some research about all possible muggle-born females you can wed." He paused. Uncertainty crossed his features. "You are into females, right?"Narcissa's felt her lips part slightly at the comment. Glancing over to her son, she watched as he waved a hand off in nonchalance."Women. Men. Werewolves. Giants. Sea creatures. Veela. Heck, let's throw in house elves into the mix as well." Draco raised his head to gaze at his family's advisor with a condescending smirk. "Let's throw them all in!""Draco, you're not helping." Narcissa closed her eyes and let out a breath. "A female is fine.""I see! Then we have no problem. No problem at all!" Levinson chirped happily as if he'd just asked a simple question about the weather."There you have the profile of the most ideal conquest for you." He paused, pointing a stubby finger towards the black envelope sitting just within Draco's reach. "Not only will associating with this muggle-born ease The Order's doubt, it will also add a different kind of honor to your already prestigious family history."Hearing this, Draco straightened his posture, curiosity getting the better of him. Who the hell was this muggle-born female that a Malfoy would actually be honored to wed?Levinson raised his eyebrows, both palms up, gesturing the Malfoy heir to open it.Narcissa spared one look at her son, before straining her neck to get a glimpse of the envelope's contents. She watched as he barely took a peek before pushing the scraps of paper back in, placing the file down quickly onto the coffee table.Levinson waited apprehensively for a reaction. He expected the Malfoy heir to shout, tear the envelope into bits, curse at him, and then throw him out of the house. Surprisingly, he did no such thing.Trying hard to swallow his anger and murderous intent, Draco raised his head to glare death at Levinson. He wished, for once, that looks could kill. "Are you fucking serious?"Narcissa pulled out the file, raising an eyebrow in interest and amusement. "Ms. Granger?" Suddenly, a flashback of shrieks coming from the drawing room echoed in her head, draining all color from her face. She may not have been there when it happened, but she heard every moment of it.Clearing his throat, Levinson directed his attention back to the grown man who looked livid enough to throw an unforgivable at him. "I'm well aware of your, ah, history with Ms. Granger.""If you've indeed done your research, then you'd know that I'd sooner shack up with a hippogriff than marry that bloody bucktooth beaver! And I can assure you, the feeling would be mutual."Levinson couldn't help but laugh at the Malfoy heir's choice of words. He was well aware that he and the female member of the Golden Trio weren't in good terms; but what he hadn't known was the fact that Draco's disdain for the woman ran both so deep, and so shallow at the same time. "You know what they say. There's a very thin line between love and hate.""Sod off!" Draco face contorted into a look of pure disgust."Think about it." Levinson began as he held out his fingers. "Miss Granger is a member of the Golden Trio. A part of The Order. The smartest witch Hogwarts has ever known-""An obvious exaggeration." Draco counteracted through gritted teeth. He didn't need yet another reminder of how a muggle-born girl beat him at almost every single class."Ms. Granger has a great influence on the Ministry, seeing as her friends, Mr. Weasley and Mr. Potter, are now official Aurors. Not to mention both men also happen to be a part of The Order." Levinson paused to take a breath, not allowing Draco to intercept. "Ms. Granger is also currently one of the best healers at St. Mungo's. Rumor has it that in a year or less, she'll be bestowed the position of one of the head healers."Draco clenched his jaw as tightly as he could to reel in his temper. He tried his best to ignore it, but every single time Levinson mentioned her name, bouts of blood curdling screams resounded in his ear. He shook his head as subtly as he could, as if the gesture would rid himself of the memory.Levinson leaned towards Draco as he looked him in the eye. "Face it. She's as good a choice as it gets. I did my research. No other muggle-born can surpass what she's done, and what she probably will achieve.""You sound quite convinced she's perfect." Draco replied flatly, as he pretended to pick out an imaginary piece of lint off his shoulder.Levinson blinked at the glassy gray eyes that now started at him. Occlumency, once again it seems. He wondered how often the Malfoy heir subjected himself to the act. "I am. Yes." He nodded as he leaned back on his chair, the soft cushion relaxing him. "She's the best choice.""Alright. Then let me tell you something." Draco nodded once, placing his drink softly on the table, before fixing his gaze onto the imbecile before him. "Something not even your foolhardy research can tell you."Standing up, Draco raised a finger towards a specific direction. Narcissa knew exactly where his argument was leading."Two years ago. There. In the west wing drawing room." He paused, as if he was seeing it happen all over again. "She lay bleeding, screaming, nearly dying, as my Aunt Bella tortured her with glee."Narcissa watched as Levinson's jaw drop, his eyes glued on the menacing look her son threw at him."So how do you suppose the courtship would begin? Hm?" Draco had his arms folded on his chest, speaking to their solicitor as if he were a child. "Hey Granger! Remember me? Long time, huh? Last time we saw each other was on trial. On mine first, then my parents', am I right?""Draco." Came Narcissa's exasperated tone. Of all the qualities he could have gotten from Lucius, why did he have to inherit his biting sarcasm?Ignoring his mother's warning tone, he continued. "So how's it been? Me? Oh I've just been on house arrest for the past year with magical restraints and all. Now I'm left with just another year on parole. My mother just got back a couple of months ago after a year in Azkaban. Say, how about we catch up over tea and biscuits over at the manor? You'll love what we've done with the place, specially the west wing drawing room-""Draco!"Narcissa rarely ever shouted. So when she did, Draco knew when to stop.Picking up his initially discarded goblet of firewhiskey, Draco smirked at the now silent, uncomfortable figure of Zachary Levinson. The obese lawyer couldn't meet him in the eye. "Just proving a point mother.""Something you could have done in more ways than one." Standing up to head to the door, Narcissa held it open before glancing at his son in reproach. "You may leave."Draco blinked, taken aback by the seemingly extreme response from his mother. "But we're not done."Narcissa said nothing more, her eyes boring into the identical ones staring defiantly back at her.With a resigned sigh, Draco stomped out of his father's study."My apologies." Narcissa moved back to the couch, eyeing the still silent man before her. "My son has a rather… strange sense of humor.""It's my fault for not knowing." Levinson replied in a quiet voice.Narcissa shook her head. "The details of the trial were not made public. Only those present during it know of Ms. Granger's statements. And of course, those who were there in the drawing room to witness it.""Was Draco…?"Narcissa nodded. "He was there. Next to my husband and my sister."Levinson sighed, releasing a breath with a mixture of frustration, shock, disbelief and resignation."For what it's worth…" Narcissa began, a small smile on her face. "All things considered, it was a good plan."Levinson blinked in surprise, his eyebrows rising all the way up through the expanse of forehead. Now that was something he certainly didn't expect. He wanted her to clarify what she meant, but the telling look in her eyes told him to hold his tongue. He sighed once again, deciding to let it go."There's one more thing." Digging through the files in his satchel, he gave the Malfoy matriarch an apologetic glance. "As the head of your legal affairs, I was summoned this morning to present this to you."The sight of the pristine golden envelope filled her with dread.Draco let out an irritated sigh when he heard incessant knocking on his door. It was half past midnight, and he was already in his pajamas. He just wanted to be left in peace. Muttering colorful profanities under his breath as he stomped to the door, he hauled it open in annoyance."Draco."Coughing to hide his irritability, he dragged a weary hand over his face. "Mother.""There's something you need to see."Eyeing the familiar black envelope in his mother's grasp, Draco gritted his teeth. "If this is about that ridiculous-""No." Narcissa cut him off, as she turned the black envelope to its side, revealing the golden one tucked beneath it. "It's not."Draco blinked, his eyes glued on the golden envelope as realization dawned to him. "The Ministry?"Narcissa remained quiet as she handed both envelopes to her son. She said nothing more as she turned away to leave.Confused and anxious, Draco closed the door to his room before heading swiftly over to the couch across his fireplace. Chucking Granger's file onto the desk in front of him, he clawed out the folded parchment, not bothering to handle it with care as he straightened it out.This is to inform you that in a week's time, The Order of the Phoenix will be taking hold of the Malfoy manor for investigative purposes in relation to He-who-must-not-be-named. In the interest of public security, it is our duty to eliminate possible threats that could be brought about by leniency in judgment.In line with this, a minimum of 90 days probation will be put on the Malfoy manor, an infrastructure known to have served as the Dark Lord's nest for unknown number of years. We understand that it has been swept for dark artifacts and other potentially dangerous magical items weeks after the Dark Lord's passing. However, we request for your understanding as we seek to employ a more thorough examination for the wellbeing of your manor's inhabitants, and potentially, the safety of the entire wizarding community.The Malfoy manor will be handled with utmost care and consideration. Any damages acquired during the probationary period will be reimbursed. The Ministry will be providing a temporary settlement for you, shouldering all your living expenses, throughout the course of this investigation. More details regarding this matter will be provided in two days' time.We apologize for the inconvenience and we appreciate your cooperation.Draco stared at the Ministry's signature seal with disgust. It was beginning. Just as Levinson predicted."Bloody bastards!" Grabbing the half empty glass of firewhiskey on the table, he hurled it angrily at the flames. The rage in his eyes reflected the fury of the fire.Grabbing a fistful of his hair, he began pacing the room like a madman. Was their penance ever going to end? Was his father's life sentence not enough? Was a year in Azkaban too light of a reprimand for his mother? Was his house arrest too lenient of a punishment?There was no way he would let things end like this. Who did the ministry think they were?His eyes landed on the large black envelope strewn carelessly on his wooded oak table. He stood still. The way the light of the flames dance around it taunted him in a way that was both eerie and entrancing. He swallowed. Would he dare?Pulling it towards him as he sank onto the couch, he cursed out loud. Just the fact that he was even allowing himself to deliberate this made him realize just how royally fucked he was.

Hemione raised her head as a knock resounded from her door. Shifting her attention back to the files on her neatly organized desk, she cleared her throat. "Come in.""Healer Granger?" A tall but scrawny mediwizard peeked through the partially opened door. His dark hair was ruffled, no doubt from overwork, and the thick lens of his glasses obscured his matching dark eyes. "I know you're currently off duty, but unfortunately you're needed for a patient."Hermione waved her hand in the air in a gesture of nonchalance. "It's fine. What room?" She stood up from her chair, packing away the remaining files she was reviewing."Room 1008."Hermione let out a sigh as she nodded. Rooms with 1000 labels were made especially for the rich, and they were the most difficult patients to deal with. Not to mention that most of them were of pureblood decent. In the few instances she had been assigned to that floor, few had been willing to accept her services, no matter how stellar her track record was."I'll be right there. Do you happen to know the reason for admission?" Hermione moved to grab her pen and clipboard."Oh uh, the patient is suffering from a high grade fever." The mediwizard replied, pushing the rim of his glasses further onto his nose.Hermione paused to glance incredulously at the mediwizard who looked just as baffled as she was. "A fever?" She reiterated. She specialized in poisoning and dark curses. They didn't need someone like her to deal with something as minor as a fever. "Perhaps internal medicine can help with this one." She failed to hide the bite in her tone.The lanky wizard replied with an uncertain smile, hands wringing each other in a gesture of discomfort. "It seems the patient requested for your services specifically, Healer Granger."Narrowing her eyes skeptically, Hermione sent him away with a nod. Petty little pranks like these weren't knew to her. She didn't particularly get along with a few of the more 'traditional' pureblood healers. They were always out for a laugh at her expense. She grit her teeth, slamming the door to her office on the way out. If this was another one of their shenanigans, she would definitely have a word with them later.Marching briskly towards the 1008th room, she reached out for the knob only to have the door fly open before her. Taking a few steps back, Hermione watched as a healer bowed respectfully at someone inside the room, before closing it slowly and quietly.Standing in front of her was Gregory Husslehurf. Hermione watched as he raised his pointed nose up in the air, looking down on her from under his nose. The gesture made him seem taller than she was, though they were nearly of the same height. She tried her best not to stare at his flat, choppy, greasy brown hair. Instead, opting to focus her gaze between his eyes, ignoring the bulging cheekbones that made the man more like a walking skeleton. His ashen, pale skin helped him look the part as well.Hermione really didn't understand where the haughty pureblood was channeling all his bravado from. He may have been a year older than she was, but it was no question that he was far inferior to her in skills.Staring at Hermione from head to toe and back, Gregory scoffed. "I don't know what kind of joke this is, but it seems you've done a few things to climb yourself up the social ladder."Hermione released a tired sigh. She really didn't want to deal with him this late in the evening. "What are you talking about?""Enjoy your popularity now Granger, because I assure you it won't last very long." With that, Husslehurf walked away rather begrudgingly.Hermione glanced at the room with a growing curiosity. Given Husslehurf's bitter countenance, it seemed someone famous came to ask for her services. Schooling her demeanor into a calm professional one, she swung the door open, greeting her patient with a nod."Good morning. I'm Healer-""Granger." A monotonous voice cut her off almost immediately. "You definitely took your time didn't you?"Hermione gaped in disbelief. This was not happening."What if I was on the brink of death? Honestly."Hermione could only blink. There, sitting upright on the middle of the plush white bed wearing a hospital gown, was none other than the Slytherin prince himself, Draco Malfoy. She watched as he placed a hand over his eyes before dramatically dropping back onto the bed. His face contorted into a grimace of pain as his head hit the pillow.Taking a deep breath, Hermione mustered every single professional cell in her body, praying she would get through this ordeal without being sued. It was simple. All she had to do was to ignore everything and anything unrelated to her job. After all, she's handled a lot worse."Good day, sir. Can you tell me your current symptoms and what exactly you were doing when you first experienced them?""I was moving. Headache. Nausea. Light headedness. Fatigue. Extreme irritability."That last one isn't new. Hermione bit the inside of her cheek to prevent herself from making inappropriate remarks. "Moving?""Things." Malfoy vaguely responded. "I feel like I got punched in the gut and my brain won't stop doing somersaults." He clicked his tongue in annoyance as he tugged at the collar of the dreary dressing gown he wore. "It feels like a furnace in here. Strip this ridiculous piece of cloth off my body." His breathless tone took the force out of his command.Hermione ignored Malfoy's last statement as she continued to look over his chart of tests. It seems the healers who admitted him did everything as expected. Glancing at Draco's irritable demeanor blankly, Hermione continued to ask routine questions. "How about feelings of heaviness? Sharp pain anywhere else in your body? Numbness?""None.""Have you noticed a certain change in your sleep patterns and appetite levels prior to the onset of the symptoms?""No.""Is there anything else you're currently feeling?"Draco turned his glazed gaze towards the annoying Gryffindor who wouldn't stop asking him questions. "I feel like punching someone in the face."Hermione sighed. This was going to be a long day.Draco winced as he forced the disgusting formula down his throat. "Why can't bloody healers formulate better tasting medicine? With all the advancements in magic one would think they could make ones that don't taste like a Hippogriff's bad breath!"He let out an exhausted sigh as he shifted his attention towards the petite mediwitch assisting him by his bedside. He was sure that if he stood up, she would barely reach the edge of his shoulders. "Where's Granger? Will you tell her to head back here to check on me? I'm her patient for Merlin's sake." He didn't miss the way her gaze dropped to the mark on his exposed forearm before shifting her gaze back to the floor."But Mr. Malfoy, your condition has stabilized and Healer Granger is currently attending to-"Draco's icy glare silenced her instantly."I've been here for two days now, and she only came over once yesterday. How can one short visit assure me that my condition has stabilized? What if this was some sort of terminal illness? Would you take responsibility for my sudden death if it would come to that?"The mediwitch could only shake her head in response."Then bring Granger. Immediately." He demanded through gritted teeth.Bowing quickly, the woman scurried out of the room. The last thing she needed was to get dragged into the affairs of a former death eater, who also happened to be the heir to one of the most powerful pureblood families in all of the Wizarding world.The moment the door shut, Malfoy immediately slapped himself on the forehead as he let out a frustrated growl. Absolutely nothing was going according to plan. He was supposed to go to St. Mungo's, ask for Granger to specifically handle his case, win her sympathy, build some rapport, then provide a gesture of thanks - a gift of gratitude, or perhaps even a date if he would allow himself to be so optimistic. But he knew there was no way in hell that would happen. Granger barely even spent 10 minutes near his bedside.He also forgot to factor one thing – how irritable he gets whenever he got sick. Letting out a sigh, Draco calmed himself down, reminding himself exactly why he was doing this. The potion he concocted gave him three days of high grade fever at best. The least he could do was become civil enough with her until his condition improved enough for him to be discharged. Besides, he needed information, and he needed to start rumors.A soft knock resounded from his door. "Mr Malfoy?" Came the saccharine tone. "We've come to check your vitals."Malfoy sighed in annoyance as he heard two sets of giggles coming from the door. It was those two mediwitches, yet again, who were so thorough with their routine physical tests. He was pretty sure combing his bangs out of the way and feeling his forehead with their palms wasn't the best way to test for his temperature. Nor did they need to strip off the upper portion of his hospital gown to check for his heart and respiratory rate.Deciding he didn't want to be bothered, Malfoy did the next best thing his exhausted body could do – pretend to sleep.The door creaked softly as it opened."Aw, he's asleep!" One of the voices cooed as Malfoy felt a cold hand on his cheek. He felt a shift of weight. Both women seemed to have stationed themselves on each side of his bed."He's so handsome." Another voice whined in response. "And fit!"A couple of stifled giggles came from both women as another set of hands seem to thread through Malfoy's platinum locks. Just how creepy were they going to be?"Have you heard of the latest rumor in the hospital?" One of the voices suddenly grew quiet."What?""It seems he's closely affiliated with Healer Granger!"Malfoy stifled his grin. It seems the rumors were already spreading.The other woman gasped in response. "Closely affiliated how? But wait, isn't Healer Granger a muggle-born?""Exactly!" Came a hushed exasperated tone. "Which makes it more suspicious! Why would Mr. Malfoy specifically request for Healer Granger as his sole case handler?""I'd like to know the answer to that as well."Both mediwitches turned around in surprise at the monotonous voice that cut through their gossiping. They were on their feet in a split second."Healer Granger!"Standing a few paces from the door, Hermione shifted her gaze back and forth between the two women and the unconscious figure lying on the bed. "What were the two of you doing exactly?""W-We were just-""We came by to um-"Hermione sighed in exasperated, folding both of her hands across her chest. "I'm pretty sure what you both were doing could equate to sexual harassment."Both women shook their heads frantically, raising their hands in a gesture of defeat."Oh but we really weren't-!""We swear!""And in addition to that." Hermione paused as she tilted her head towards Malfoy's sleeping form. "You were gossiping instead of doing your jobs."Both mediwitches continued to apologize in a frenzied manner.Hermione raised a hand to silence them both. "If I catch both of you doing this again, I'll file a report. Am I making myself clear?""Yes, of course Healer Granger!""We promise it won't happen again."Hermione sighed once again. She could never understand what women saw in Malfoy. It's been this way since their time in Hogwarts, but never did she imagine it would persist well into adulthood. "Have someone else assigned to monitor Mr. Malfoy."Both women nodded dejectedly."You may leave."Hermione moved to close the door as they headed out. She shook her head in disbelief. "Unbelievable." She whispered to herself."Took the words right out of my mouth."Hermione flinched at the quiet but sudden drawl that came unexpected. "You were awake?"Malfoy nodded nonchalantly as his sleepy gaze traveled to the Gryffindor princess. "Those two have been acting quite familiar with me. I didn't have the energy to spare, so I figured perhaps if I pretended to sleep, they'd leave me alone." He cleared his throat hoping to rid his voice of its flaccid tone. "Apparently it was the wrong decision."Hermione didn't know if she should laugh or scoff at Malfoy's pitiful reasoning skills. Perhaps the fever was taking a toll on his intellect."Are you feeling better?"Malfoy blinked, taken aback. "I never thought I'd live to see the day you would actually care about my current wellbeing."Hermione responded with a piercing look. "Mr. Malfoy, I am your healer. That's my job. Or did you not request for me specifically?"Malfoy shrugged, ignoring her attempt at understanding his underlying intentions. "I guess it takes some getting used to. And drop the 'Mister Malfoy', would you? It makes me feel old." He lied. Hearing that title reminded him of someone he wasn't particularly in the mood to think about."As your healer, how would you prefer I address you then?""Draco."Now it was Hermione's turn to blink, unsure of how to respond."I think it's about time we stopped referencing each other with our last names. It seems rather childish, don't you think?"Hermione eyed him skeptically, ignoring the seemingly amiable demeanor he had. "I, for one, would very much appreciate it if you referred to me as Healer Granger, Mr. Draco."Malfoy clicked his tongue in annoyance. "Again with the mister.""It's hospital policy that we address our patients with such honorifics, sir. It's to keep all relations professional." She reasoned."Fine." Draco knew he had to choose his battles carefully. This one he would have to bypass."Glad you understand." Hermione began as she moved towards Draco's beside. She scanned the file hung by his beside wall, reviewing test results carefully. "It seems your results keep coming out normal, but for some reason, your fever continues to remain high despite proper medication."Malfoy raised both palms up in a gesture of acknowledgement. "Finally, someone notices." He sighed. "Although you probably would have, had you not been avoiding me."Hermione turned her gaze onto the accusatory man lying a few inches away from where she stood. "I beg your pardon?"Malfoy shrugged in response. "Just stating facts. You only ever dropped by once, and you barely even checked on me.""Mr. Malfoy-""Draco."Hermione took a deep breath to calm herself down. "Mister Draco."The Malfoy heir could only roll his eyes in response."I'll have you know that this hospital's protocol states that people with a case such as yours only require a daily doctor visit. Routine vital logs and testing for monitoring are done by the mediwizards or mediwitches. Any abnormalities are reported immediately to the primary Healer, who will, in turn, provide the appropriate intervention, or request for a referral to another medical department, if necessary." Hermione paused to take a breath. "I would like to let you know, Mister Draco, that I have not done anything remotely synonymous to negligence or malpractice.""Is it not the patient's prerogative to request for more than one doctor visit in a day?"Hermione narrowed her eyes, unsure of where the conversation was going. "Well of course the patient has every right to-""Then why didn't you?" Malfoy stared defiantly at the dark amber orbs that stared right back at him. "I've asked for an audience with you incessantly, and yet you wouldn't even give me five minutes of your time."Hermione looked away as she took a breath, prepared to argue her stance. "That's because-"Malfoy raised a hand to silence her. "You were busy. You had other patients to attend to. I know. That's the excuse all the mediwitches have been telling me." He paused, his gaze turned cold and calculating. "But answer this. Had I been a friend of yours, a wrinkly old lady, or a tiny young child, would you really have been unable to spare me a few moments of your day?"Hermione opened her mouth to retort, but Malfoy beat her to it once more."Or perhaps if I had been Potter or Weasley, you would have offered me your entire day."Malfoy watched in silent satisfaction as Hermione's gaze turned hard at the mention of those names. He knew it was taking everything she had not to lash out at him in this context. There was hope. He had hope. Everything he'd done up until now had been worth it. If that simmering anger burning in her eyes told him something, it was that she wasn't over anything. He watched with veiled fascination as the resentment in her gaze quickly faded into a neutral glance. Interesting. It seems she had learned Occlumency. He wondered how skilled she was at it."Why did you ask for me?"Draco stayed silent, waiting for his unyielding stare to unnerve her just a little bit before responding. "They say you're the best."Hermione couldn't help but scoff. "Since when did you pay any heed towards other people's belief of my competence?" She narrowed her eyes at the nonchalant shrug he gave as a reply. It seems that was all she was getting out of him."Regardless, I would like to clarify that I did not, in any way, discriminate against you." Hermione stood firm on her claim, her tone rigid and flat. "All I did was follow protocol."Malfoy smirked knowingly. "Yes. You followed the rules perfectly. Even if I were to complain, it would be written off as an overacting aristocrat's need to feel important." He paused, his ashen orbs never left the defiant dark ones that stared at him unfazed. "But we both know that because it was me, that you never allowed yourself to go that extra mile."Hermione tried her best to ignore all the possible things she could say to him, opting for a safe textbook answer as a response. "I'll respect your opinion on that matter, Mr. Draco. Hopefully, you'll respect mine as well."Draco nodded in understanding, saying nothing further as she announce her leave. There was no need to rile the Gryffindor princess up more than he already had. He already got the information he needed. This little stunt of his wasn't all in vain.The following morning, he would be discharged without further delay.

"I see you're back from the hospital."Glancing up from his comfortable position on a plush gray velvet sofa, Draco motioned his guest to come and sit on the chair beside him. "Come join me for a drink, Blaise.""You rarely ask for company this late in the evening." Blaise sat and watched silently as the Malfoy heir poured him a generous amount of fire whiskey. "So what am I here for?"Blaise glanced at Draco's silent form, staring blankly at the dancing flames on the furnace. He took a sip, sighing at the delicious burning trail of liquor down his throat."I heard a few rumors about you.""Oh?" Came Draco's indifferent reply."It was all over the paper the other day."Draco hummed, swirling his half empty glass absentmindedly.Blaise took a quick swig of his whiskey before placing it back on the glass table. He folded his arms across his chest with growing annoyance as he eyed his tight-lipped companion. "It says you came to St. Mungo's requesting for Hermione Granger."Draco gave no response other than the tilt of his head."Is it true?""What do you think?"Letting out a sigh, Blaise leaned his back on the soft velvet chair, his hands dangling over the thick plush armrest. "I think you're planning something. And the fact that you called me here this late means I have to play a part in it."Draco raised his glass in affirmation, but his eyes remained engrossed with the fire. "I came upon a very interesting piece of information a week ago."Blaise narrowed his eyes. "This has something to do with that marriage proposal you told me about, am I right?"Smirking, Draco finally gave him a look before standing up to pace the room. "I don't have to actually marry her. I just have to make it look like we have the potential for marriage, long enough to get the ministry off my ass." He paused, eyes on his fingers as he traced a hand over the backrest of the sofa where he once sat. His frowned. "I don't think I can take living in this old dump much longer."Blaise took this opportunity to study the room. He glanced at the carpet streaked with white and gray fur, then to the matching plush dark gray velvet sofas, before landing on the luxurious glass coffee table across him. There was a generously stocked posh wooden liquor desk by the corner, and the furnace was adorned with legitimate silver trimmings. It wasn't bad for a living room. But the fact that it had been a measly two bedroom, two bathroom flat, it definitely failed in comparison to than the Malfoy mansion. It wasn't even a competition.Clearing his throat, Blaise redirected the conversation. "So what are you planning to do about Granger?"Draco smirked as he moved towards the liquor table to refill his now empty glass. "Like I said, I came upon a very interesting piece of information.""That being?""That being two words." He paused, raising two fingers for emphasis. "Ron Weasley."Blaise's eyebrows rose up to his forehead. "I see." He had an inkling where this conversation was heading."You're familiar with their history, right? I've only found out recently since I really don't give a shit about their lives. But since you seem to read the news, I'm sure you've heard?"Nodding, Blaise grabbed his fire whiskey once more to take a sip."It seems the weasel and the beaver had been dating after the war, but had called it quits about a couple of months ago. And the reason?" Draco paused to look at Blaise, beckoning him to continue."Lavender Brown."Draco downed his entire drink in one go, raising his now empty glass up towards him. "Yes! Lavender fucking Brown!"Blaise let out a tired sigh at the sight of his drunken friend replenishing his glass for the umpteenth time that evening. He hadn't even been there that long but he'd already lost count.Flopping back on his chair, Draco suddenly grew quiet, his gaze distant and unfocused, engrossed by the flames yet again.Not wanting to be left hanging, Blaise urged him to continue. "I assume you already have a plan?"Draco stayed silent for so long that Blaise was almost sure he hadn't been heard."Have you ever read any classic romance novels, Blaise?" His gaze remained on the fire, blank and unblinking."Why in the bloody hell are you asking that question?""The classics are rather… Predictable." Draco paused, rolling the glass in his hand, clinkering the melted ice that floated on the surface. "From the ones my governess used to read me, I was able to draw a rather simple conclusion."Blaise let out an exasperated sigh. He was doing it again. Draco always had that weird way of straying off topic in the most random senseless way. "I'm not sure where this is going but please, do go on speaking nonsense.""The stories often revolve around two people, usually of opposing personalities, social status, belief systems, and so on." For the first time that evening, Draco put down his drink on the glass table, his hands gesturing ostentatiously to emphasize his point. "Rich aristocratic influential man falls in love with a seemingly average, of lower pedigree woman, or vice versa; then, they go through ridiculous amounts of unrealistic plot twists to prove to the entire universe that they, indeed, belong together. And in the end, they get to live 'happily ever after'!" Draco paused, his initial fake jovial tone turned monotonous as his eyebrows furrow. "Well, that, or it ends in a tragic character death."Blaise let out another sigh as he allowed himself to slouch further on the couch, his hands now in his pockets. "Your point, please, if you actually have one.""Ever since my visit at St. Mungos, people have been spreading rumors." Draco paused to smirk at his seemingly apathetic best friend. "You see, they've been speculating that Granger and I have some sort of 'secret relationship'. After all, why else would I ask specifically for her services?"Blaise began to sit up, starting to understand where the conversation was going."Today, I sent a dozen white roses over to her at St. Mungos as a gesture of gratitude. Attached to it is a sincere note of thanks. I'm assuming that will be on your beloved news by tomorrow." He smirked. "And do you know what I hear people say?"Blaise nodded with understanding. "They say it's like a fairy tale come true.""Exactly!" Draco exclaimed as he slammed an enthusiastic hand against the glass table. "I hear old maidens swoon at the idea of what Granger and I might have together! I hear young women giggle at the thought of the cruel, prejudice pureblood aristocrat falling for the simple, intelligent muggle-born woman! Men pinning for women who they believe are out of their league sympathize with me, cheer me on! It makes them believe that if I succeed, they can as well!"Blaise raised an eyebrow in amusement. Clearly his best friend was beyond drunk if he hadn't even noticed that he just complimented his alleged mortal enemy in more ways than one."Ordinary women who think men such as myself are out of reach allow themselves to dream a little. Hope a little. It's the beauty of the unattainable! The delicious seduction of the forbidden! Think about it. Two people who fought on opposing sides during the war, sworn mortal enemies, Gryffindor and Slytherin! In love? Why, this will be the scandal of the century!"As much as Blaise hated to admit, despite his drunken state, the Malfoy heir actually had a point. Target the masses, not the ones in power. Appeal to the majority. The ministry may hold in their hands the right to judge, but the view of the masses, especially now in this new era where equality was held at utmost importance, was the key. If Draco was able to sway the masses to his side, the ministry wouldn't be able to touch him so easily."You actually had a point amidst all that rambling." Blaise shook his head in disbelief. Every ounce of him was definitely Slytherin."Now this is where you come in." Draco continued, his speech carrying a slightly slurred quality. "I need information on Weasley – where and when he works, where he usually hangs out, where he goes with his family, and most importantly, where he and Brown go out on dates. Hell, even where they fuck. I need every single bit of information I can get on both of them."Blaise nodded, finally understanding the role he had to play in all this. Draco was still under probation. It would make people suspicious if word were to go around that he'd been asking information on Weasley. Besides, the Ministry was practically breathing down his throat. One wrong move and it could all be over for him. "What do you need those for?""As beautifully bittersweet my story with Granger is, it won't blossom if I don't get an appropriate reaction from her. So I thought to myself, how can I make the stuck up, self-righteous know-it-all agree to my plan? What can she possibly get from helping me out?" Draco paused, grinning like an idiot. Blaise was beginning to wonder if the muscles on his face had cramped from too much smirking. "The answer is simple." Draco paused again to take a sip of his fire whiskey. Blaise had half a mind to take it away."The answer is revenge.""What makes you think she would want that?" Blaise inquired as he tried to inconspicuously grab the glass of fire whiskey from Draco's grasp, but to no avail. "She's self-righteous and self-sacrificing to a fault. What if she doesn't want revenge?""You didn't see her back at the hospital." Draco chuckled, swallowing the rest of his drink before Blaise could get a hold of it. "One mention of Weasley's name and she saw red. She did a damn good job at controlling herself though. Learned a bit of occlumency. I have to give her that." He stood up once again to refill his glass.Blaise froze. "Wait. Did you-?"Draco had his back to him, but his silence confirmed it all.Blaise sighed as he ran a hand through his face. "You fucking idiot! Why would you even risk-""It was barely even two seconds Blaise. That was all I needed.""What if she caught on!? You could have been-"Draco finally turned around, another full glass of whiskey in his hand. "Blaise, you are one of the few people who know how talented I am at Legilimency. Trust me. Her emotions were heightened so she didn't notice a thing."Blaise could only sigh in defeat. One of these days, Draco would surely land himself in Azkaban."Now where were we?" Draco paused in thought, deciding to lean against the wooden liquor table until it was time for yet another serving. "Ah, right. I do admit. Granger is self-sacrificing. Annoyingly self-righteous too." He paused in between sips. "But that doesn't make her incapable of feeling things like anger, hatred or even envy.""But how are you even going to get her to cooperate?"Draco let out a slow steady breath. "You leave that part to me." He swirled his glass of whiskey, hypnotized by its wonderful vibrant color. "Once I put my plan into action, she'll have no choice but to agree."Blaise tried his best to conceal his curiosity, but as ridiculous as his plan sounded, something about it seemed intriguing and brilliant. He cleared his throat. "Care to share?"Draco chuckled. "Why so interested? I was under the impression you found my plans to be absolutely ludicrous."Blaise shrugged. "You have to admit it did sound like that at first."Draco winked back mockingly, only to get a pair of rolling eyes as a response."Fine." He began, his gaze on Blaise still teasing. "For now, I have five essential pawns to manipulate. Care to guess who they are?"Blaise bit his tongue to reel in a sarcastic response. He hated this about Draco. He would always answer another question with a question, as if they were back at Hogwarts and he was the professor."Granger is pretty obvious. So is Weasley." Blaise drawled in annoyance, pausing to note the quick nod from the Malfoy heir."Brown is one as well, seeing that she's the alleged reason for the break-up."Draco tilted his head in a gesture of affirmation once again."I put my money on Potter too." The Slytherin prince gave him a soundless thumbs-up, too busy drinking more of the fire whiskey to nod his head."Ginny Weasley?"Draco paused in thought, as if he was considering something, before he decided to shake his head.Blaise raised an eyebrow, quickly scanning his brain for any other important pawn the Malfoy heir needed to get his hands on. "The Weasley twins?"Draco couldn't help but roll his eyes. "Just so we can save time, the last pawn in not a Weasley. Merlin knows how many of them there are.""Someone we know from Hogwarts?""No.""Someone in the Ministry-""No.""Someone from the current Order of-""No.""Someone working at St. Mun-""No."Blaise finally let out an impatient sigh. "Then who the hell's the last one?""Oh but Blaise!" Smirking, Draco downed the rest of his drink. "Where's the fun in telling you right now?"Blaise glowered, choosing to keep his mouth shut to avoid the color string of profanities waiting to be set free."You'll find the last pawn's name written clearly in black ink while you read your beloved news.""Fine." Blaise narrowed his eyes, understanding that that was all he was getting for now. This was yet another aspect of Draco that irked him to no end. He always liked the air of mystery and the flair of surprises. "So how are you going to do it?"Draco replied with a confused look as he began to move back to the couch. "Do what?""Make Granger fall for you."Draco choked on the fire whiskey he was just about to swallow, squinting his eyes at the burning pain in his throat. Placing his glass carelessly on the table, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand before flopping down on the sofa. He threw Blaise a chilling glare. "Who the hell said anything about making her fall for me?"Blaise raised a challenging eyebrow. "How else will you convince people? I don't know how much Granger has changed, but if I recall correctly, she can't lie to save her life. And if you look at your history with her? She's going to have to be a better liar than anyone else. Even you."Now it was Draco's turn to raise an eyebrow, placing a hand against his chest in a gesture of mock agony. "I'm hurt by your view of me."Blaise scoffed, giving him a knowing look."Fine. Fine." Draco waved a hand in the air in a gesture of nonchalance. "I never said anything about making her fall for me. Although if she does, I can understand. After all, how could she not?"Blaise could only roll his eyes."But like I said, I'm not out to woo her. I'm just after her approval to play along as my fiancé.""And like I said, she sucks as a liar. Can you actually envision her as someone who can sit with you during dinner? Laugh at your jokes? Hold your hand? Hug you? Kiss-""You're getting too ahead of yourself."Blaise looked at Draco incredulously, as if he'd just grown wings and another pair of hands. "How the hell are you going to convince people you're a couple if you don't exhibit public displays of affection?""I'm not saying we won't." Draco replied with a scrunched up face in disgust. "All I'm saying is that it won't happen anytime soon. But when the time comes, I can, and I will handle it." He finished with fervor and finality.Blaise sighed in defeat, deciding to let it go. He chose to point out a more obvious dilemma instead. "Draco, in all honesty, before you can even think of any of those, you haven't even addressed the single, most important thing." He paused to give the Malfoy heir a serious look. "How are you going to make her agree? I understand the use of Weasley and Brown. But that alone isn't enough. The problem here is you, mate."Draco narrowed his eyes at this. "What's that supposed to mean?""It means she has to deal with you. And I'm sure I'm not the only one who remembers clearly how much you tortured her back at Hogwarts. Let's say she is jealous of Brown and Weasley. It doesn't necessarily correlate to her accepting your proposal."Draco stayed silent as he took a slow sip of the fire whiskey, his gaze on Blaise calculating. "My, my… Aren't you just loquacious today?"Blaise raised an eyebrow at the mocking tone of the Malfoy heir, clearly entertained. "Don't have a plan for that yet, huh?"Draco couldn't help but chuckle. "I'll take your incessant need to locate loop holes in my plans as constructive.""I'm not trying to foil your plans, mate. I'm just trying to make you see that it may not be as simple as it looks." Blaise replied as folded his hands on his chest in a gesture of contemplation."I knew you cared about me deep down." Draco replied, leering at his longtime friend.Blaise could only sneer. "That sounded wrong."Draco burst out laughing while Blaise could only sigh in exasperation. "If you're trying to buy time to think of an answer to my question, it's not working. As 'brilliant' as your plan is, it'll all go to waste if you can't get past the most important step – getting Granger to agree."Draco's laughter died down slowly, reduced to a mere chuckle after a few passing seconds. His eyes were on the flames once again, vacant and unmoving.They stayed silent for a few minutes, neither willing to break the short moment of peace."Do you know why the idea of a 'bad boy' appeals to women?"Blaise looked at Draco incredulously. It seems he was at it again. "Seriously?"Choosing to ignore Blaise's whining, Draco reached for his momentarily forgotten glass on the table. "Hot then cold. Mean then kind. Indifferent then sweet." Draco paused to take another sip, much to Blaise's chagrin. "They adore the idea of having some rugged, untamable man fall hopelessly in love with them.""And that's what you're planning to do?" Blaise failed to stop the scoff of amusement that escaped his throat. "Hate to break it to you mate, but for her you don't just spell 'bad boy'. You spell 'foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach'."Draco felt his eye twitch in annoyance, glaring at his supposed best friend with all his might. "The 'bad boy' image is for the majority. Not for Granger. The bad boy should be 'good' towards his female mate, but 'bad' towards the majority. But like we've established earlier, I absolutely have to be 'good' to the majority." He paused, pretending to think. "But then again, just what exactly is 'good' for the majority?"Blaise massaged his forehead. He was confusing the heck out of him."I'll remain the 'bad boy' in the eyes of the masses. Tactless, ill-tempered and disrespectful. BUT." Draco paused, a distinctive glint evident his in eyes, similar to that of a madman's. "Whenever Granger is there, I'll show them how I change. They'll see how smitten the infamous Malfoy heir is with the Golden Girl. They'll gossip and fantasize about how impossibly sweet I must be towards her whenever we're alone together! And as for Granger, they'll think that it was high time the Gryffindor princess finally found someone who could make her happy. And who better than the Slytherin prince himself?" Draco chuckled as he puffed in chest out in a mocking gesture of masculinity. "Do you understand, Blaise?""I'm sure that will get the universe to agree that you two are simply perfect for each other." Came Blaise's sarcastic, flat tone. The Malfoy heir was oversimplifying the entire situation way too much and was answering in circles. He had yet to provide him with a concrete plan."That." Draco paused for emphasis, eyes darkening. His face was like a mask, still and emotionless. His voice was quiet, barely above a whisper; but his tone was interlaced with poorly veiled anger. "And to finally convince the world that I, Draco Malfoy, and my family, are followers of Voldemort no longer." His smirked returned, and his tone morphed back into a teasing one. "Don't forget that one important detail."Blaise remained silent as he studied his best friend's demeanor. They haven't spoken about the war ever since the news about the Dark Lord's defeat had been publicized. Whenever he would ask Draco how he was dealing, he would always change the topic or insert an annoying remark that would have both of them arguing, ultimately resulting to one of them leaving. If there was anyone who suffered the most during the entirety of Voldemort's reign and demise, it would definitely have to be the Malfoys. Draco was caught in the middle of it all. He never really had a choice. It was always down to follow or die.Debating if he should raise the questions he had in his head, Blaise bit the inside of his cheek. Now was not the time. Draco would definitely redirect the entire thing and have both of them arguing by the end of the night. He really wasn't in the mood to be pissed."And Granger? You only ever just talked about appealing to the masses. What about her?"Blaise watched Draco's rigid form visibly relax from the corner of his eye."Rationality."Blaise raised an eyebrow in inquiry."You see, Granger is one of the people who has witnessed every single negative aspect of my personality. Honestly! I've done everything, said everything absolutely mortifying to her. So the moment she sees me act decent, her defenses will shoot up. She'll know from her gut that something is wrong."Blaise couldn't help but smirk at the hilarious irony of the statement."So what else is left for me? That is to appeal to her sensible, rational side." Draco paused yet again as he twirled the glass in his hand. "I won't offer her romance when we're alone. The romance will be for the people. I'll offer her advice, options – the chance for redemption. I won't be callous, but I won't be compassionate as well. I'll make her understand that whatever we have is strictly business – a partnership we both have something to gain from. Nothing more, nothing less.""So… you're going to offer it to her? Like a deal?" Blaise licked his lips before pursing them to refrain from laughing. He didn't know if this was simply Draco's drunk alter ego talking, but if he was speaking the truth, then he was positively sure that the Malfoy heir had gone mental.When Draco gave no response, Blaise decided to humor him instead. "And if she still doesn't agree?""You don't understand. This is a balance between emotions and rational thought. Plain and simple.""Right. Of course. It makes perfect sense." Blaise replied in a mocking tone, before his voice turned monotonous once again. "You still haven't explained a thing."Draco chuckled. "You'll understand eventually."Blaise could only shake his head, finally letting himself get a hold of his half empty glass of whiskey. He didn't know exactly how he was capable of tolerating a conversation with Draco while he was sober, but he had to admit, it was entertaining in its own way. He paused, taking note of everything they had discussed. "So I'm guessing you'll start with Weasley and Brown."Draco smirked as he raised his glass in silent salute.

Draco scoffed as he narrowed his eyes at the scene before him. Loud, ear drilling noise, a mesh of bodies grinding provocatively in a constricted circular space, blinding neon lights flashing at random speed. But the worst of them all was the temperature and humidity of the room. It felt as if he were standing in the center of a volcanic crater in the midst of a typhoon."What is this place?" Came his usual haughty, aristocratic tone."What?" Yelled Blaise in response as he inched his ear closer to the Malfoy heir."I said, what is this place?!" Draco yelled, annoyed at having to scream to get his point across. He hated repeating himself."They call this a 'club'. It's one of the more famous attractions in the Muggle world." Blaise replied yelling with nonchalance, as if unaffected by the overload of sensory stimuli. "It's just been up and running for a month but it's been a big hit.""What the hell is a 'club', and what the fuck is it doing here?" Draco couldn't stop himself from sneering in disgust as he watched people cramming themselves into what he assumed was the dance floor, sweat-ridden bodies rubbing against each other provocatively."It's like a pub but with dancing." Blaise shrugged as he eyed the rest of the room, looking completely at ease. "It's one of the projects of the Muggles Relations office of the Ministry and The Order. It's their way of proving to the wizarding world that although muggles have no magic, they're highly innovative." He finished with a nod as he motioned for Draco to follow his lead. "I read about it in the news." He added as an afterthought."Of course you did." Draco mumbled as he rolled his eyes. He ever understood Blaise's nearly obsessive tendencies to update himself with the current events of the world; but either way, his pot full of information was always useful in more ways than one.Draco raised an eyebrow at the scantily clad women who eyed him, as well as the men who wore strangely reflective and glittery shirts whose buttons seemed to have been forgotten. How could anyone call what they were doing as dancing? It was basically foreplay out in the open! He pushed through a group of people holding tiny glasses filled with what looked like water. They chugged it down in one go, following it up with a small slice of lemon. How odd! "I take it this isn't your first time here."Blaise smirked knowingly but said nothing more.Draco rolled his eyes. It wasn't difficult to understand the main purpose of the people who would go to this kind of establishment. "Slag."Blaise raised an eyebrow in amusement. "Says the one who whored himself for weeks after his house arrest." He paused to look around, hoping to get a glimpse of familiar dark blonde hair. "How are we supposed to find Brown in all this?" He whispered, moving closer to Malfoy heir to avoid being overheard.Draco opened his mouth to retort when he caught sight of the bar. He gave Blaise a look as he tilted his head towards it, walking away swiftly. He heard Blaise yell something akin to 'not again', but chose to ignore him. He needed to rethink his entire plan. The setting wasn't exactly as he envisioned it.Sitting on one of the empty stools, he motioned for the bartender to come over. "I'll have-""Butterbeer. We'll have two glasses of butterbeer." Blaise finished."What? Are you kidding me?" Draco turned to the bartender once again. "Look, the little boy'll have butterbeer." He paused to point blatantly at Blaise. "But I'm having whatever strong shit you've got."The bartender chuckled and nodded in understanding as he went on his way to prepare the drinks. Bliase openly glared at his alcoholic friend, shaking his head in dismay. "You know, if you drink too much, it'll be more difficult-""I think a can handle a few shots of firewhiskey, Blaise.""Whatever you say. I won't be the one paying for it anyway if you mess up.""I won't. Just stick to the plan." Draco whispered authoritatively, the scowl on his face seemed almost permanent. "Act as if everything we do tonight will be documented. Improvise and adapt as needed. Understand?"Draco took the shot he was offered and downed it in one go, motioning for another much to Blaise's chagrin. "On another note, did it not even occur to you that it would have been necessary to rundown exactly what kind of place we were headed to?"Blaise tilted his head back, taking a few sips of beer to hide his amusement before placing it back soundlessly on the counter. "You didn't ask."Draco glared at him in response. "When you said 'muggle drinking establishment', I assumed it would be-""You seemed like you knew. I apologize." Blaise shrugged, clearly not repentant. His mouth twitched, fighting down another grin. "Besides, you said so yourself, isn't this a step in The Order's good graces? The Malfoy heir himself lowering down to step his holier-than-thou feet into a paltry muggle establishment?""You think this is funny?"He no longer fought the chuckle that escaped his throat. "If only Theo were here to see this."Draco emptied another shot, twirling the now empty, tiny clear glass around his fingers as he rolled his eyes. "Yeah well fuck you, Blaise."Blaise continued to chuckle to himself, the corner of his eyes crinkling at the hilarity of the situation. It wasn't often that Draco would get caught off guard so when he did, it was amusing to watch him sulk and complain like a ten-year-old who just got told he couldn't get any more candy."Alright you've had your fun." Draco glared at him one more time. "It's time to get to work."They both turned around, facing out into the crowd, scanning the area unwaveringly. Draco paused when his eyes finally landed on a familiar mop of curly hair. Smirking at his partner in crime, he tapped his shoulder, turning his head back to where it was to signal where to look. "Ready to spread some rumors, Blaise?"Blaise leaned by the bar, informing the bartender to bring their table another bottle of Odgen's Old Firewhiskey. He turned around to head back, but decided to lean against the bar counter to watch the Malfoy heir grab the hand of a woman who seemed bold enough to trail it up his trousers and onto his crotch. Blaise chuckled to himself as Draco pointedly turned around to speak to another woman who had her chest flush against his side, eying him up lustily. There were three other women around the table who were dancing to the music whilst eyeing the indifferent form of the Malfoy heir. Now that was definitely something you didn't see every day. He could still remember it clearly when Draco's house arrest had finally ended. He was like a rabbit in heat.Blaise shook his head in amusement as Draco tried to untangle himself from another woman who brazenly straddled him like she was practically ready to rape him. He had to hand it to the Slytherin prince. Despite his family's current reputation and all the rumors surrounding him, girls still flocked to him like a moth to a flame. It just goes to show that the Malfoy name, as well as the centuries of riches it carried, still held.Blaise really didn't have to do anything after inviting the first few girls. News about Draco's arrival spread like wildfire. It was highly entertaining watching the female population assault his self-proclaimed best friend. Chuckling to himself, he shrugged both his shoulders in response to the Malfoy heir's death glare. Assuming an innocent look, Blaise mouthed the word 'what', which only seemed to anger the suffocating Draco even more.Blaise released a dramatically long sigh before nodding in acknowledgement. He pushed off against the counter and headed back towards their table. It was time to put Draco out of his misery and execute phase two of the plan. He's got a pretty good layout of the area. He knew exactly where Brown was situated, as well as the looks she and the other Patil twin had been throwing over at the table where Draco was being assaulted in.Clearing his throat, Blaise gently pushed pass the ladies fawning over the Slytherin prince. "Ok ladies, I think he's had enough for the night." Blaise rolled his eyes at the disgruntled protests, gently pulling himself out of their grasps as they asked him to stay as well. "Another time." He winked as he hoisted the tipsy Malfoy heir up into a standing position.Blaise apologized to the women once again, making a dramatic play of holding their hands, and offering chaste kisses across their knuckles. Draco began to stalk off to the bar area, but not before whispering 'I'll Crucio your ass when this is over'. Blaise couldn't help but chuckle at his friend's pathetic attempt at a threat.Draco flopped unceremoniously one of the bar stools as he let out an exasperated sigh.Blaise chuckled yet again, this night proving to be one of the most enjoyable ones he'd had in a long time. "I never thought I'd live to see the day you turn celibate."Draco rolled his eyes, replying in a whisper. "If I had no other agenda this evening, I would have loved a good fuck."Blaise flinched at the backhand against his shoulder. "What?""What the hell took you so long?" Draco complained through gritted teeth, trying his best to lower his voice to avoid being overheard."I lost track of time." Blaise replied with a fake innocent tone, shrugging in nonchalance. He laughed out loud at the accusatory glare his best friend aimed at him.Draco clicked his tongue as he watched Blaise slap a hand against the counter in amusement. His enjoyment was getting way out of hand. Deciding to ignore him, Draco surveyed the area surreptitiously as he motioned for a drink. "Where the hell is she?""Dancing." Blaise's laughter died down as he tilted his head towards the direction of the dance floor. "And guess what? I heard an interesting piece of information while you were out there being harassed."Draco raised an eyebrow in inquiry, deciding to ignore the latter part of Blaise's statement."It seems there's trouble in paradise. When she came over here to buy a drink earlier, she was chatting with the Patil twin…" Blaise paused in contemplation, his eyebrows furrowing in concentration before shaking his head and throwing a hand up in the air. "Fuck it, I have no idea which twin it is."Draco shrugged, the gesture admitting that he too, never bothered to make an effort to tell the women apart. He nodded his thanks as the bartender slid him a glass of Odgen's."Anyway. The argument was about how stuck up Weasley was and how he absolutely prohibited her to come to this place."Draco raised an eyebrow in amusement at this new found information."They haven't talked for two days now, and to quote Brown's statement, 'I just feel like snogging some random guy tonight just to piss him off'." Blaise chuckled at the smirk the Malfoy heir gave him."Merlin must really love me." Draco replied as he chuckled to himself. "This would be a whole lot easier than I thought."Turning around to watch Brown grind her hips suggestively on the dance floor, Draco leaned his body back onto the bar table. He propped one elbow by its edge, hand dangling free, while the other brought the glass of firewhiskey back to his lips. Brown finally caught him eyeing her, giving him a suggestive smirk, and an even more suggestive hip grind. Blaise couldn't help but snicker at the sight as he stood up to 'head to the loo'.Draco fought the urge to scoff at her attempts to get his attention, but nonetheless continued to acknowledge it. She looked tipsy, her body jerking to one side in an odd manner, before continuing to sway to the beat. Before he knew it, she was sauntering over to him, her gait somewhat unsteady but determined. Draco smirked ever so slightly in encouragement, maintaining eye contact with his prey.A loud knock echoed throughout the expanse of Draco's room much to his annoyance. Rolling over on his stomach, he grabbed a pillow and placed it over his head to block out the incessant knock against his door."Fuck off!" he replied in annoyance, the dull pounding in his head increased gradually as the knocks grew louder.Flipping out of bed, Draco let out a feral growl of anger. Not minding that he was only in his black silk pajama pants, he headed to the door with vehemence. "Whoever the bloody hell is out there I suggest you leave now or-"He was greeted by a paper shoved in front of his face the moment he forced his door open. Swatting it to the floor with his free hand, he was met with Blaise's grinning face."Rita Skeeter is the fifth pawn."Draco sighed in annoyance at the unwanted visitor. "Congratulations Blaise! For that you get an 'O'! An 'O' for obvious!""You tipped off Skeeter? I have to hand it to you mate. Well played."Draco's initial anger faded at the sight of Blaise's impressed stare. "Of course. Who the hell do you think you're talking to?"Realizing that the paper he shoved away was the entertainment section of the morning news, Draco bent down to pick it up. He raised an eyebrow at the front page.Malfoy heir partying his sorrows away!He smirked at the picture of his annoyed face among a crowd of rowdy partygoers. He couldn't have picked a better shot. Eying the other photographs, he grinned fully at the apathetic look he donned towards a suggestively smirking Brown, who pressed herself up to his front, both hands on his thighs, as he sat on one of the bar stools. Perfect!"I have to hand it to Skeeter. She thinks the same way you do."Draco ignored his friend's comment as he skimmed through the article, not bothering to hide his delight. "So she blamed The Order's unfair hold on the manor as the cause of stress that sent me to the hospital, which also may be the reason for my partying?""Don't skip over the most important ones." Blaise paused to point towards certain parts of the article. "She claims you and Granger have a relationship worth looking into after the rumors that spread from your hospital visit. She even knew about the flowers you sent! Look here." Blaise paused to grin at him.Draco scanned the rest of the article, nodding in approval at the mention of Weasley and the inquiry of the current status of his relationship with Brown. Even Potter was cited offhandedly, questioning his stance on the Weasley-Granger break up. He read the last statement out loud with amusement and incredulity. "This may be well on its way to being the biggest scandal of the year." Trust Skeeter to sensationalize everything. But he really had to hand it to her. All the elements he wanted were there.Draco chuckled to himself. He could practically hug Skeeter. She did his plan so much justice and gave him more than he expected. He thanked the heavens she had something against the Golden Trio. She would have been one formidable enemy, even for him."Again. Never thought I'd say this, but another one of your ridiculous plans seemed to have worked." Blaise let out a sigh, shaking his head in exasperation.Draco folded the paper, chucking it unceremoniously towards his couch. "Now for the next move.""Huh?" Blaise blinked. "What, now?"Draco opened the door to his bathroom before throwing a triumphant glance over to Blaise. "Yes, now!"Blaise eyed the floor they were in – the eighth. Was it just him or did the elevator move faster than usual? Weren't they just at the second floor awhile back? Since when were they nearing the tenth? Why weren't they stopping on any floor? Didn't anyone need to use the lift?Blaise let out a silent, shaky breath. His eyes shifted from the floor indicator of the elevator to his fidgeting silhouette reflected on the steel door. He glanced towards his unconcerned companion."I know I've said it before. Several times in fact. But this time I'm really sure mate. This is a bad idea. A very very bad one." Blaise kept his gaze locked on Draco, who was busy eliminating imaginary creases on his otherwise perfect three-piece suit."Draco." Came Blaise's commanding tone. He hated being ignored."You said it yourself. You've told me several times that my ideas are absolutely preposterous. But how many times have I actually failed?" Draco paused, raising a challenging eyebrow for emphasis. "None. So there you have it.""But this is going way out of line! What? You're just gonna walk in there and offer yourself up on a silver platter? This is suicide!"Draco rolled his eyes. The Zabini heir always had a tendency of exaggerating things. "Blaise. How many times do I have to say it? I'm just going to pass by the Auror's floor, pretend I wish to inquire about the results of their so-called investigation on my Manor, then covertly provoke weasel to a fight. After all, he'd be an idiot to not want a piece of me after what the morning news just published.""I think you forgot the part about my having to clean your insides off the floor." Blaise replied blankly, before flailing his arms out in disbelief. "Have you gone mad?!"Blaise was turning a bright shade of red as he continued to sputter out all the possible repercussions of his actions. It was an amusing sight, making it even more difficult for Draco to take the entire situation seriously.Blaise sighed in frustration. "You're going to enter a floor full of aurors! Or did you forget? You as much as disarm Weasley and dozens of them will be on your ass in an instant! You'll be in much deeper shit-!""Who said anything about defending?" Draco replied nonchalantly as if they were just talking about the weather."What?""Of course I won't fight back! I'm on parole for Merlin's sake. Or have you forgotten? Besides, you've completely missed the point of this crusade."Blaise shook his head and eyed him as if he'd just grown Veela wings and a pair of vampire teeth."If weasel attacks me, the other aurors will no doubt stop him. They can't have a scandal in their hands now, can they? So he gets one shot at me. One. That's all he gets, and that's all I need." Draco smirked as he raised his hands, smoothing an imaginary banner in the air. "That one little shot will be published in big, bold letters in tomorrow's news!""He could kill you in one shot!"Draco rolled his eyes. "He wouldn't use that, Blaise. Don't be an idiot.""You're not getting my point." Blaise exhaled slowly in exasperation. "It could be any kind of spell. Even a curse for all we know!"Draco motioned his palms towards him in reply. "And that's why you're here. If it's an injury, you can help me heal it. If it's a spell, then you can reverse it. If it's a dark curse, you can counter it."Draco eyed his reflection against the elevator door, lifting his chin slightly as he straightened his tie to perfection. "I know almost every possible dark curse there is. I doubt the weasel would use any of those. I'd be surprised if he even knew any of them in the first place."Blaise brought his wand out, effectively stilling the elevator in silence."Blaise what in the bloody hell-"Draco was silenced by the Zabini heir's penetrating gaze. "I know this all seems like a game to you. But I don't want to be the one standing there beside your mortally injured body, explaining to your mother how this 'crusade' of yours was supposed to play out.""I won't-""So here's what's going to happen." Blaise immediately cut him off. "The moment I sense that weasel is on to you, I'll deflect the attack. Your much awaited story would just have to wait. Do you understand?"Draco could only stare in bewilderment at the penetrating gaze his best friend sent him."What?" Blaise asked in annoyance, obviously unnerved by the way the Malfoy heir was looking at him."I don't know what to say." Draco replied softly, not sure how to react to the blatant loyalty his longtime friend seemed to have towards him.Blaise looked away and exhaled exasperatedly. "Draco, you know I see you as family.""Are you in love with me?"Blaise glared at him in annoyance."What? It's a valid question." Draco added, his teasing tone and smug demeanor back in place. "I honestly don't care either way. Unfortunately, I don't swing that way, but I just want you to know that I support you all the way. No hate here!"Blaise huffed in irritation as he swung his wand to move the elevator once more. Trust Draco to effectively ruin any kind of sentimentality whatsoever. "You know what? Screw worrying about you. You can die for all I care."Draco held a hand to his heart. "That really wounds me, you know?"Blaise walked out promptly at the sound of the bell and the opening of the elevator door, not bothering to offer a response."And here I thought you really cared about me!"Draco chuckled at Blaise's retreating back. Walking out of the elevator, he couldn't help but smile a little to himself. Just what exactly did he do to deserve such a loyal friend like Blaise?

Blaise stirred his coffee, waiting patiently for it to cool down. Finishing the rest of his toast, he scanned the morning news pausing to read articles that interested him. It's been nearly five days since the incident, but Draco was all the entertainment portion could talk about. He had to be extra careful now. With all this attention on him, one wrong move and it would all be over.Blaise shook his head as he folded the paper neatly. Draco Malfoy was one fucked up crazy asshole that was for sure.(Flashback)Aurors struggled to keep Ron a good distance away from the injured Malfoy. "You fucking stay away from my girl you bloody ferret!"Blaise stood immobile for a few more moments before turning to his injured friend sitting on the floor with a hand to his nose. Now that was something he didn't expect. He was ready for anything magical, but a physical attack definitely caught him off guard. "You okay mate?" Kneeling down beside Malfoy, Blaise took out his wand to help heal his broken nose."Fine. Just peachy." Came Draco's silent but livid tone. Blaise could see that it was taking every ounce of self-control he had not whip his wand out and throw an unforgivable right at Weasley.Cursing under his breath, Draco gritted his teeth hard to prevent himself from throwing a scathing insult at the red-faced weasel who wouldn't stop sputtering nonsense at him."What's going on here?"Draco rolled his eyes in annoyance. "Great. Saint Potter, here to the rescue." He whispered to Blaise who only scoffed silently as he worked to heal Malfoy's broken nose. "I have to admit. He got you good mate." Blaise teased, earning him a glare from the Slytherin prince. "Shut the bloody hell up." He watched as Blaise bit the inside of his cheek to hide his amusement.Both men watched from the corner of their eyes as the aurors updated the-boy-who-lived of the situation. Not soon after, they saw him move over to the furious Weasley, whispering in a low voice, calming him down from his stream of angry fits. After what seemed like hours of ridiculous comforting from the Golden boy, the red-haired man slowly regained his composure."Stopped the bleeding." Blaise pocketed his wand and held a hand out for his friend; unsurprised that the gesture was ignored.Giving Malfoy one more look of disdain, Ron pointed a threatening finger at him. "I swear if you try anything with her again I'll make sure you'll live to regret it."Draco straightened his posture, brushing the invisible dirt off the shoulder of his expensive suit. He looked him straight in the eye. "I suggest you get your facts checked, Weasley. Your girl came onto me." This only seemed to rattle the redhead even further, causing his best friend and two other aurors to restrain him.Both Slytherin men stayed silent as they watched Ron Weasley gradually being dragged away by both aurors, an exasperated Potter following suit. After a quick hushed argument inside the elevator, Potter finally stepped out, nodding towards one of the men. The redhead threw one more outraged glare at the Malfoy heir before the doors finally shut."See?" Malfoy whispered, a well-placed surreptitious smirk on his face. "Told you everything would work out fine."Blaise could only roll his eyes and sigh as he watched Potter make his way towards them.In the end, Malfoy put off the request for a meeting under the guise of the need for further medical attention.(End of Flashback)Pulling on his coat, Blaise headed for the bag of floo powder by the foot of his chimney. He didn't know what Draco wanted but he was told to head over as soon as he could. An emergency, he claimed. He had half a mind to pass, knowing the Malfoy heir was probably planning to drag him into yet another ridiculous escapade. But as much as he hated to admit it, his curiosity got the better of him.His gaze landed on the unmarked file sitting forgotten on the coffee table, just across the fireplace. He paused. Draco had yet to send him a response after he owled him a copy of it three days ago. He rolled his eyes as he grabbed a handful of powder. A bit of thanks would have been nice, but he wasn't a fool to delude himself that the stuck up Slytherin prince would spend a modicum of his time penning a letter of appreciation. He sighed. Perhaps it was what he wanted to discuss?"Well if it isn't Blaise Zabini, my dear old friend!"Blaise let out a few coughs as he fanned his hand in front of him to clear the dust. "I came as soon as I-." His gaze immediately shifted from Draco's grumpy face to the figure heading straight for him. Two lean arms enveloped him in a tight hug, forcing a breath out of his lungs."Theo." Came his strangled voice. "Get the fuck off."Feeling a set of hands pull the back of his jumper, Theo finally let go. "Oh come on Blaise! Don't tell me you didn't miss me!"Blaise scoffed in reply, shrugging his cloak off before dropping it carelessly on a chair. He pulled on the edge of the white button down shirt he wore, straightening it down in a gesture of annoyance. "Aren't you supposed to be in France?""Was in France." Theo raised a finger as if he were admonishing a child. "Obviously I'm not there anymore, am I?"Blaise sneered, preparing to get into yet another verbal spat with the Nott heir."What the hell took you so long, Blaise? I sent the damn owl an hour ago." Draco drawled, his words nearly incorrigible.Blaise turned his attention towards the blonde drunk sitting comfortably on the couch wearing matching grey lounge wear. He was sipping fire whiskey languidly, as if it were a glass of water. "Seriously? This early in the morning?" He eyed the burning liquid with disdain.Draco simply responded by tipping his glass towards a beaming Theo.Blaise could only sigh in understanding as he eyed the Nott heir wearily."What?" His smile fell as both men turned their gaze towards him. "Hey, don't blame at me! He was already drinking when I got here."Blaise couldn't help but glare at the Malfoy heir in exasperation, tilting head towards the only lively person in the room. "So this was your emergency?"Draco shrugged, clearly indifferent towards his aggravation."Draco won't tell me anything." Theo moved towards one of the plush chairs, pulling towards its matching one where Blaise's coat sat forgotten. "He told me you'll fill me in." He paused to take a seat, both palms rubbing against each other in glee. "So go on! Tell me everything. Don't leave anything out. I doubt Rita Skeeter knows all the details of whatever this is that you're both scheming."Blaise gave Draco a look, to which he responded with an affirmative nod.He sighed. This was going to be a long morning."Well fuck." Theo looked at Draco unsure if he should offer the man a standing ovation or ask if he had all his affairs in order just in case he comes upon an untimely death. He shook his head instead. "You've got ball of brass, I'll give you that."Leaning back onto his chair, Theo kept shaking his head. "Hermione Granger, of all people." He started chuckling to himself. "It's like the worse fucking karma for you mate.""Karma?" Blaise raised an eyebrow. "Is this another one of those things you learned from traveling in the muggle world?""It is!" Theo sat up straight in enthusiasm, pulling up the sleeves of his navy jumper away from his arms in a gesture of preparation.Draco could only roll his eyes. "Here we go again.""Karma is a concept that muggles use in certain religious practices." He raised another finger in the air, taking on the role of a professor lecturing two very unwilling students. "Basically, it means that the sum of one's actions in the past and present states of existence, will be the factors in deciding his/her fate in future existences."Theo paused to take note of Blaise's confused expression, and Draco's uncaring disposition."You see, some muggles believe in the concept of reincarnation. After death, they get reborn into another living being. The quality of their life will depend on how well they lived their previous ones, and so on and so forth. The same theory applies to the circumstances in one's current life. If you do a good deed, and you get a good one in return. Do a bad one, and suffer the consequences." Theo paused to check if he still had their attention. Sensing them dwindle, he clapped his hands loudly in the air, causing both men to jostle."Theo you son of a-""Merlin's fucking balls-""For example." He raised a finger yet again, gesturing them to stay silent, much to their frustration. "Draco has lived the entirety of his Hogwarts schooling making Granger's life a living hell." He paused again, realizing that his statement finally garnered their undivided attention. "Fast forward to now. If the concept of karma is to be believed, then it seems the tables have turned."Theo was grinning now as he watched Draco's lips part ever-so-slightly. "It's now Granger's turn to transform your life into your own personal nightmare.""What a load of bullocks." Draco muttered under his breath, taking another sip from his nearly empty glass.Blaise grinned, finding the entire thing rather amusing. "Interesting.""Glad we agree, my friend!" Theo went on to raise the three-finger hand gesture Blaise and Draco always looked at with condescension. He was tired of repeatedly trying to get them to do the 'rock-and-roll' sign, but he wasn't going to give up that easily. He would try again another day."When are you finally going to tire of your escapades in the muggle world?" Blaise shook his head.The Nott heir shrugged. "It's fascinating. The muggle world. It has a different kind of magic. You guys will understand once you see for yourselves." He laughed as he looked at the ceiling wistfully. "Bet my father is rolling in his grave." He added just above a whisper."He's dead." Came Draco's icy tone. "What you do with the Nott family fortune is your decision."Blaise and Theo exchanged a look. They never really knew where Draco currently stood regarding his views on blood supremacy. But occasionally, he would make statements like these that would make both men realize that perhaps he too, was beginning to see blurred lines. The blacks and the whites weren't as stark as they used to be, allowing different shades of grey to blossom somewhere along the middle.Draco never talked to them about his experiences during the war, but both men could tell it damaged him beyond repair. He would choose to stay silent, mostly with a drink in one hand, opting to listen instead of speak. Gone was the haughty little boy who would always take over conversations, grabbing every opportunity to flaunt his achievements, his riches, and his social status."So…" Theo began, clearing his throat as he threw Blaise another look. "I know Blaise is still busy trying to run his little upscale restaurant…" He paused to give him a thumbs up, grinning ear to ear, to which the latter replied with a roll of his eyes. "Dropped by yesterday mate, I have to admit, it had a very classy interior!""Only the best that money can buy.""Seems to be doing really well too. Had to pull the 'I'm-Blaise-Zabini's-best-mate' and the 'I'm-the-Nott-family-heir' card in order to get in without a reservation. I had no idea it would work! I only had to wait a few minutes."Blaise responded with a smirk that wiped Theo's grin off his face."What?""The management called me asking what to do with you, since you were claiming to be my 'best mate'." Blaise shrugged. "There was a table ready but I told them to make you wait for at least fifteen minutes.""You little shit!"Draco couldn't help but smirk as he watched both men try and land a hit on one another. He shook his head, watching them squabble like a bunch of prepubescent kids."How about you Draco?" Theo spat out through gritted teeth, struggling to get out of the headlock Blaise put him in. "What's. New. With you?" He sputtered, before finally pulling lose. He moved to throw a punch to which Blaise jokingly sidestepped before raising his hands up in mock surrender."Alright." Draco began, swirling a fresh batch of firewhiskey in his glass. "I happen to have a very interesting story.""What?" Both Slytherins echoed simultaneously as they glanced at the Malfoy heir with intrigue. It wasn't often that he would offer anecdotes of his daily life. They wordlessly sat back down."You see, my mother is without a wand due to magical restraints, and her house arrest allows her one day out every month. So I took it upon myself to chaperon her around Hogsmeade. We had two aurors on our trail that day whose names I didn't bother to remember." Draco knew their assignment for his mother's 'protection' were bullocks. He snorted. It wasn't as if either of them could do anything or go anywhere with the restrictions their sentences gave them."Nothing interested her much, other than restocking her favorite candies and teas. Then we decided to have dinner." Draco paused, relishing in the way he could feel the anticipation pouring out of both men. He smirked. "Imagine my surprise when I saw the Weasleys walk in a few minutes after we had."Blaise shook his head, a sly grin evident on his face. He had an idea where this conversation was heading.Theo raised a fist against his slack-jawed mouth, trying to reel in a holler of excitement.Draco chuckled. "He was out with his parents. Of course I knew that thanks to your excellent work." He raised his glass in salute to Blaise, who nodded in acknowledgement. "I took it upon myself to pick a table near theirs, on the low loft portion of the restaurant, and made our reservation half an hour earlier."Theo nodded, almost bouncing on his chair in delight. "And? And?""I've been unable to inform my mother of my activities, you see." Giving both men a meaningful glance, Draco began to toy with his fire whiskey, twirling his glass around, allowing the liquid to dance within the glass like trapped flames.Raising an eyebrow, Blaise folded his arms on his chest. "Let me guess. You discussed all the events in the papers with her, and had every intention of letting the Weasleys overhear.""10 points to Slytherin."Draco smirked. He watched Blaise and Theo snicker in amusement. He blinked. For a moment there he had an image of the three of them back at Hogwarts, staying up late in the Slytherin common room, passing around his father's stolen bottle of Odgen's. That time seemed so long ago."Fucking brilliant!" Theo slapped a hand against his thigh. "Details now!""My mother's exact words were, 'How are you and Miss Granger doing?'" Draco chuckled, recalling how the Weasleys' table quieted down, an indescribable tension surrounded them.Blaise couldn't help but grin. Narcissa couldn't have chosen a better question. It was innocent enough, but it had just the right amount of weight to give people the wrong idea."I knew she was asking about my stance on the marriage proposition, but of course, the Weasleys don't know that." Draco continued to twirl his glass of fire whiskey in contemplation."Then mother went on to ask about my partying scandal and the suggestive photos with Brown. I apologized and said I wouldn't let it happen again." Draco scoffed at the obvious lie. He paused to look at both men, mirth clearly evident in his eyes. "But here's the best part. My mother went on to tell me, 'I'm glad Weasley's punch didn't do much. I would have hated to see your handsome face hurt.'."Theo burst out laughing while Blaise simply shook his head as he chuckled softly."You should have seen the grip weasel's parents had on him!" Draco smirked as he downed the rest of his drink."Shit! I think I'm gonna piss myself!" Theo continued to laugh as he marched in place, throwing a questioning look at both men until Blaise finally pointed towards the direction of the loo. He ran towards the bathroom, chuckling in his panic, much to the amusement of his friendsAt the slam of the door, a comfortable silence filled the living room, much to the content of both men. The absence of the Nott heir was always palpable. After the war and the death of his abusive father, the once quiet wallflower morphed into somewhat of a druggie high on pepper up potion."Did you get the file I sent you?"Draco glanced at the knowing look Blaise was giving him. He smirked. "Yes."Hermione grabbed her bag, eying her office one more time as she headed for the door, making sure she hadn't forgotten anything. Nodding in finality, she turned around to twist the knob open.Standing in silent shock, her mouth fell open when she came face to face with one Draco Malfoy. His hand was up in a gesture that meant to knock on her door. She watched him warily as he brought his hand back down into his pocket. "Malfoy." She stated, her tone in between a statement and a question, dropping the formalities as he was no longer under her care."Granger."Hermione narrowed her eyes when he nodded his head politely in a gesture of greeting. She quickly scanned him for signs of danger, but only noted the classy grey suit he wore and the soft way his hair had been brushed back. "What do you want?""I would like to ask for a few minutes of your time." Draco began, assessing the suspicious glance she was sending his way. "I won't take long." He watched her release a tired sigh."Another time Malfoy. I just finished-.""I know, that's why I came now. I didn't want to get in the way of your work."Hermione was full on gaping at him now. Since when was he the considerate type? "And how on earth do you know when my shift ends?"Draco tilted his head, towards the direction of the lobby. "I asked the reception for your office hours."Hermione wanted to pinch the bridge of her nose in frustration. The last thing she needed was more of those ridiculous rumors spreading. "You couldn't have set an appointment?""You would have denied me." Came his matter-of-fact reply.She opened her mouth to retort but began to realize that some bystanders were already beginning to stare. She glared at him knowing full well that he wouldn't take lightly to being sent away. She really didn't want to cause a scene.Hermione released a long annoyed sigh before moving to one side, allowing him to come in and away from prying eyes."Thank you." He nodded, his tone formal and courteous.Closing the door for some privacy, she motioned for him to sit on one of two modest looking black chairs in front her work desk. She didn't spare him a glance as she headed for the plush mahogany colored high-back leather chair on the other side.Draco wanted to scoff at the way she sat, as if she was on a throne and this was her kingdom. He said nothing as she jutted her chin out slightly, raising her nose up in the air. He knew she was showing a play of power – her office, her set up, her rules. He also didn't miss the seemingly offhanded way she placed her wand on the table within arm's reach – a silent threat."First of all." He began, a strange mixture of amusement and apprehension in his tone. "I'd like to point out as early as now that this meeting will not warrant you to draw arms."Hermione ignored his poor attempt at humor, leaning both her elbows near the ends of her wand, fingers coming together in a gesture of contemplation. "Let's save the small talk for another day, should that time ever come, Malfoy. Get straight to the point. What are you doing in my office at this hour?"Draco stayed silent, quickly assessing his options. His eyes never left hers. She was serious, guarded, and very suspicious. He expected her to be more reactive and argumentative; but this cold, quiet, calculating version of her wasn't at all what he expected."Malfoy?" Came her firm tone, a hint of annoyance showing in her voice."I have a proposition for you." He spoke with an even businesslike tone.She raised an uninterested eyebrow, silently urging him to elaborate."Have you read the papers lately?"Hermione rolled her eyes in annoyance at the roundabout answer he gave her. "Get. To. The point. I've been doing rounds since eight this morning and now…" She paused to check the watch on her wrist. Letting out a frustrated sigh, she flipped it towards his line of sight. "It's nearly nine in the evening. I'm tired, Malfoy. So you either make your point now, or we can discuss whatever this is another time."Draco took a deep breath preparing himself. It seems there was no other way he could approach this. "I'm sure you're informed of the Ministry's latest stunt?""I don't follow." Came Hermione's flat tone, her eyes seemed detached an unbothered."I meant the Ministry taking hold of my manor."She answered with another raised eyebrow. "And what does that have to do with me?""Since you're a part of the Order, we can stop the pretense." Standing up, Draco began to wandering around her office. Gazing at her collection of books, he ran a finger along their spines. One photograph by the shelves caught his attention. It was a picture of an old couple smiling with glee, but the frozen quality of the portrait did nothing to justify their feelings of happiness. He could see a bit of her in both of them."What are you doing?" Hermione followed his movements without fail. Her wand now found itself in her hand."Investigative purposes." Draco let out a short bitter laugh. "You lot should have at least been a bit more convincing. It's insulting, you know." He paused to give her a mocking look. "Plus the minimum of 90 days probation? Very, very unoriginal. You should have just stated 'we are out to confiscate your manor for as long as we want and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it'."Hermione released a long sigh. Was he seriously complaining to her, of all people, about the move The Order had made in retaliation to what his family had done in the past? What exactly was he hoping to achieve?"What do you want me to say?" Her tone was even and unsympathetic. "The Order is out to subdue any witch and warlock that established connections with the Dark Lord. It's a necessary precaution."Draco shuffled the feeling of rage back into the recesses of his mind. This was not the time to explode. He needed a clear head. Levinson was right. Her words was the only proof he needed. His family was being persecuted."I don't mean to offend, Malfoy, and I know you will take offense." Hermione paused, her gaze unyielding under the scrutinizing gaze of her longtime mortal enemy. "But the movements being taken against your family are brought about by the consequences of all your actions. Whether you want to accept it or not, it's justified."Malfoy felt something snap inside of him, a warm burning trail grew from his chest, expanding up to his neck and face, all the way to the tips of his ears. His hands felt scalding. He clenched them to kill the sensation of wanting to smash something into pieces.Hermione eyed the livid Malfoy heir before her with steady alarm, gripping the wand in her hand tighter."It's so easy for you to judge, isn't it?" Came his hard but level tone. Gone was the rage that had earlier been so evident in his eyes.Hermione blinked in surprise at how quickly he managed to bury his resentment. She stayed silent as she watched him take a picture frame, before moving back to the chair he once sat on. He glanced at it once more before placing it silently on her desk. She felt her heart still, a sudden panic rose in her chest as she forgot to breathe."Are they your parents?"Her gaze on him was punishing. "That's none of your business.""Come now, Granger." Draco smirked at the way she openly glared at him. "I only asked because they looked like you." He watched as she appraised him silently but quickly."If you have nothing else of importance to say, I suggest you leave."Ignoring her, Draco turned his gaze back to the sets of photographs strewn on one side of her office. "No picture of Weasley." He shrugged nonchalantly, turning his attention back to her. "I guess not after-."Having had enough, Hermione stood up abruptly, pointing a finger towards her door. "Get out of my office.""But you haven't even heard-""Whatever proposition you have, you can shove it up your ass! I don't need anything from you, Draco Malfoy."Hermione walked around her table, heading pointedly towards the door. Her hand nearly touched the knob when she heard the legs of his chair scrape as he called out to her."I'd like to offer you a proposition for marriage.""So let me get this straight." Came Hermione's mocking tone. She paused to move away from the door, heading back to the comfort of her chair. "You want me to pretend to be your fiancé in order to get in The Order's good side, which could probably result to you having your temporarily confiscated mansion back?"Draco tilted his head to the right and looked deep in thought. "It doesn't sound as cunning as it actually is when you say it that way."Hermione looked at him with utter incredulity. "Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound?""It's not ridiculous." Draco defended in a calm manner as he mocked Hermione's tone. "I just summarized everything for you so it lacks most of the details that mark its astuteness."Hermione scoffed, unsure of whether she should laugh out loud or have him checked in at St Mungo's for the questionable state of his sanity. "Listen, Malfoy, as much as it fascinates me that you have a…" She paused, looking desperately for a polite word. "…sense of humor, I have neither the time nor the patience for any of this." She folded her arms across her chest in a gesture of finality."You. And Me. Getting married? Come on, Malfoy. No one is stupid enough to believe that's true." She allowed herself to chuckle a bit at the absurdity of it all."Don't be absurd. It's not marriage in the literal sense. Just an engagement. Or a possibility for one." Draco stated matter-of-factly. "Besides, you're underestimating our potential."This earned him an amused scoff. "What did you just say?""You're underestimating our charm. Two very opposite people, fighting from polar ends of the war, and have every reason not to be together, yet eventually find their way into a relationship? It's a common romance trope."Hermione didn't know what surprised her more, Malfoy's weirdly positive view of them being in a relationship, or his knowledge of romance tropes.They stayed silent for a moment in what seemed like a stalemate. Each one sizing up the other in a silent battle of wills. In the end, it was Malfoy who broke the silence."Aren't you going to ask me what's in it for you?""I don't need to because I already know the answer." Hermione tightened her folded arms across her chest. "Nothing."Draco allowed himself to smirk. "You sure about that?""What could I possibly gain out of this one-sided arrangement, Malfoy?""Retribution."Hermione narrowed her eyes in confusion. "From?""Ronald Weasley and Lavender Brown."Draco watched with silent fascination as her detached, composed façade crumbled into a look of indignation. "You have some nerve coming into my office and intruding on my personal life."Ignoring her contempt, Draco continued to sell his point. "Weasley and I have a long history of hatred, similar to mine and yours, and Potter's as well. Believe it or not, but Weasley has always been jealous of me."Just when Hermione thought he couldn't be more self-absorbed, he always managed to surprise her. "You think you're so-""I'm rich." Her continued, not bothering to take note of the look of annoyance she sent his way for interrupting. "I'm good looking. I'm smart, athletic and popular. "Hermione was speechless. She couldn't begin to fathom the delusions Malfoy had in his head."Of course you think otherwise." Draco paused as if to gain affirmation."Clearly!" Came her exasperated tone."But you have to admit, Granger. There is no other man that you could date in this entire world that would elicit such a visceral reaction from Weasley. I'm the only one."Draco and Hermione stayed silent once again, their gazes unyielding."You always seem so sure of yourself, Malfoy. But you're forgetting one very important thing."Now it was Draco's turn to fold both his arms on his chest defensively."Ron and I may have had a fall out. Yes, we haven't talked in months. Yes, I have no plans on ever being in good terms with him ever again."Draco nodded in understanding, secretly happy his predictions were accurate."But." Hermione paused, her stern gaze met his expectant ones. "You are you, Malfoy. I'm sure I don't need to remind you why I never want to have anything to do with you."Draco was taken aback at the unbridled look of disdain the Gryffindor princess was sending his way. It's been awhile since he's seen such a look directed right at him. Memories of the war came flashing before his eyes. He looked away, pushing back the memories into the corners of his mind once more.Hermione watched him tear his eyes away from her own. Every prank. Every mocking remark. Every scathing tease. Every hurtful retort. She remembered it all. And he did it to her for no real reason at all. His actions and words were the root of all her childhood insecurities. Her teeth. Her hair. Her blood. Everything she had no control over he ridiculed. Her hatred towards him and everything he stood for had no bounds. But more than anything, she hated the fact that his words knew just where to hit her to make it hurt."Now if there is nothing else-""I heard Australia is a wonderful place."Hermione felt her blood chill all the way down to her bones. She watched as he darted his gaze towards the picture frame lying on her table, before looking back at her knowingly. He knew. The bastard knew. "You fucking conniving son of a-""Before you start thinking about-""That was classified information-""If you would just listen-""How dare you even try to-""Would you calm down-""I will kill you with my own bloody-""Let me explain-""Get the fuck out!"Draco stared at red-faced woman before him. She was standing with her wand pointed straight at him. Her eyes were wild and her hair buzzed with sparks of magic. He raised both his hands up in a gesture of surrender."I'm not going to hurt your parents, Granger.""I said, get out." Her tone was low and quiet, but there was a feral undertone to it."I'm here to offer help."Hermione's anger morphed into a mixture of confusion and disbelief. "Like I would believe anything-""Money, Granger. And other resources. That's what I'm offering." Draco cut her off as he stood up slowly to his full height, hands still up in the air. "You're researching ways to reverse obliviation." He stated frankly, not even bothering to ask for her affirmation."Your current position at St. Mungos and the salary it provides you aren't enough." He added. "There are memory experts all over the world, both magical and muggle. If you're going to exhaust all possibilities, you would need a nearly inexhaustible amount of money."Hermione was silent now. She still had her wand pointed at him but her initial anger was gone. She was looking at him with wide eyes, torn between wanting to listen to his offer and wanting to call his bluff.Draco brought his hands down to his sides, his gaze on her firm and unyielding. "My family's peace, in exchange for your family's reunion."

Hermione eyed the bright rays of the morning sun seeping in through her window. She sighed at the thought of having yet another sleepless night. But this time, it hadn't been caused by another horrendous nightmare or a random panic attack. No. The root of her insomnia was that slimy little ferret after he had written down his monetary offer in exchange for her cooperation. That amount alone would have had her set for life. That exorbitant amount of galleons would give her countless opportunities to explore every single theory she had about obliviation!"250,000 galleons." She whispered, draping an arm over her eyes. She let out a breath. "Fuck." That was roughly one and a quarter million British pounds! She initially didn't believe he could casually hand over a sum like that to her, but one look into his family's net worth shut her up. She was sure she's never seen so many zeros her entire life! His parents arranged for him to inherit their entire estate prior to their incarceration to protect their money. Draco Malfoy was now the youngest billionaire in the whole wizarding world! No wonder he even had the audacity to tell her the amount was negotiable, if it wasn't to her liking. Stupid spoiled rich brat."Fuck!" She screamed this time. She hated the fact that she was actually considering things. But this was Malfoy! There was no way in hell he would be honorable enough to go through with any deal involving her."Fuck! Fuck! God damn motherfucker son of a bitch!"Hermione kicked her feet out several times across the bed, drumming her fists against the mattress in frustration, before finally allowing herself to roll out of bed haphazardly. She ignored the way her blanket lay strewn across the room; two of her pillows thrown off from either side of her bed.Stomping off into the kitchen, she begrudgingly started making tea. Slamming the pot full of water onto the heated stove, she grabbed a random cup, tipping a couple of leaves into it unceremoniously. Not bothering to screw back the cover of the tea container, she folded her arms across her chest and heaved an annoyed sigh.She needed that money. She knew there was no other way she could acquire that much in such a short amount of time. If it had been anyone else, she probably would have accepted the offer in a heartbeat. But the offer had been from that git and a part of her knew that, business deal or not, he was untrustworthy.Turning off the stove, she quickly dumped the warm water onto her cup, before slamming it back down in aggravation. She held the cup in both hands, relishing in the way its warmth seeped through her hands, providing her with a short moment of relief. She closed her eyes, feeling the way her chest moved as she took slow deep breaths. She needed to calm down. If she was going to think things through, she needed a clear head."'Mione?" Soft knocks resounded from her doorway.Hermione froze at the muffled voice that seeped through her flat, almost dropping the cup of tea she held. Standing still by her kitchen counter, her gaze shot across the living room and onto the door where another set of knocks reverberated from."'Mione I know you're there."Hermione moved out of the kitchen and slowly crossed her living room, still unsure of what exactly was happening. She stopped a few paces from the door, listening as the knocks grow louder, more frantic."I just want to talk. Please." Came the voice again.Schooling her features into one of nonchalance, Hermione took a deep breath as she swung the door open. "Ron."Ron flinched at the sudden movement. "Uh, hey. Morning." He cleared his throat, running a hand through his hair to gain composure. He glanced at the cup of tea she cradled in her hands. "Having breakfast?"Ignoring the need for small talk, Hermione stared at him straight in the eye. "What do you want?""Um, can we talk?"Hermione raised a brow. "We're talking now.""No. I mean… Well, I guess we are talking now, but… What I want to say is that…""Ron. If there's something you need to say, just say it.""Can I come in?"After a moment of silent contemplation, Hermione finally stepped to one side to give him space. She watched him visibly relax as he pulled off his scarf and coat, hanging it by the rack neatly. She blinked. He hadn't been that tidy when they were living together. In fact, last she checked, he hadn't been a morning person either. And yet here he was, up and ready first thing and without a hair out of place."So what do you want?"Ron watched her stand firmly by the entryway even after she'd shut the door, as if she was just waiting for him to give her a reason to kick him out. "How've you been?"Hermione look at him incredulously. Was he serious? He randomly comes over to her house on a Saturday morning, just to ask her how she was doing? She bit back the sarcasm that itched its way through her tongue. "What is this really about Ron?""Can we…? I just…"Hermione said nothing, but her expression was anything but patient."Can we talk about us?"She couldn't believe what she was hearing. It's been nearly seven months after their break up, and this was the time he chose to talk about them? "Ron." Hermione began, her tone exhausted but reprimanding. "Months of no personal explanation from you was enough to let me know that closure is a thing that will never happen between us.""Then at least give me a chance to-""I hope you understand my lack of regard for anything you have to say." Hermione interjected, her gaze hard and accusing. "I think the part where you cheated and the part where you chose to end our relationship through the morning papers was more than enough of an eye-opener for me."Hermione watched with poorly veiled amusement as Ron's face showed uninhibited embarrassment and anger. She watched curiously as he took in slow, deep breaths, the hands on his sides fisted and uncurled simultaneously. He wasn't going to counter back? That was a first."I know what I did. And I know words will never be enough to tell you how much I regret it and-""Which one?" Came Hermione's bored tone."What?" Ron could only look on with annoyance at being interrupted yet again."The cheating? Or the publicized break up?"He was gritting his teeth now. "Both."Hermione looked away. His reply was forced, insincere, and utterly meaningless. Just what exactly was he trying to achieve with his half-hearted apology?Taking in another deep breath, Ron continued when he realized he wouldn't be silenced once again. "I know it's too late. But I wanted to tell you I'm sorry. For everything. I know you didn't deserve any of it. It was all my fault! I can't blame you for being angry with me. Hell, I'm angry with me! I just! I don't want our friendship to end because of something so trivial."Hermione couldn't help but let out a bitter laugh. "Trivial?" She echoed.Realizing the mistake he made, Ron sputtered in an attempt to correct himself. "W-When I said trivial, I mean, you know! In relation to everything! Everything we've been through. Hogwarts, the war, Voldemort. It just fails in comparison to everything else!""And you expect me to just... forgive you?" Hermione looked Ron straight in the eye, the accusation never leaving her gaze. "I mean, it did just take you, what? Six, seven months to finally clear up something so trivial? That our relationship was, what? Worth no explanation whatsoever? That everything we had was worth giving up over some bimbo you fucked back at Hogwarts?!"Ron was beyond livid at this point. "Call her what you want but she's more of a girlfriend to me that you ever were!""Oh?" Hermione scoffed as marched to the living room, facing him dead on. She slammed her cup of tea down the coffee table, ignoring the wetness that was now dripping through her fisted hand. "So it's my fault now?""After the war I thought we could finally be happy together! But everything you did, you did to push me away!" Ron began pacing around the room, swaying his hands to emphasize every point he made. "I can't even get you out on a date if I didn't make sure to pencil myself in at least a week early in your schedule!""I was trying to fix my parents!"He ignored her reply and kept going. "'Mione you fucking wake up screaming in the middle of the night, yet you'd refuse to tell me anything about it!""Which part of 'I don't want to bloody talk about shit that keep me up at night', don't you understand, Ron?!""'Mione, it got to the point where you wouldn't even share our bed! You wouldn't even let me hold you-""Oh well I'm sorry for not being in the mood to fuck you when I was too busy trying to piece myself back together after the war!""I wanted to help you! I made it absolutely clear that I was there if you needed me!" Ron's voice broke. "I… I loved you. You have no idea how much I did. But every time I showed you, you just… You didn't care."Hermione was crying now. She didn't even realize when she started, but her face was a mess filled with hurt and bottle up tears."Everyone was starting to find their place. But you and I... We just never seemed to fit. I felt like I was the only one making an effort to try and make us work. And I… I just felt so lonely.""So you cheated." Came Hermione's accusatory tone once more as she furiously tried to wipe away her overflowing tears. "After all, engaging in a mindless fuck is easier than trying to decode a madwoman, right?""Lavender isn't just a mindless fuck! I love her!" Ron argued, his voice hitching up at the rage that came with it. "You were broken Hermione! Too broken that I couldn't even begin to understand where and how to start fixing you!""So you just gave up on me?! Is that it?!""You wouldn't even let me fucking try!""All I was asking was time, Ron! Time for me to try and get my shit together!""And I made it clear that I wanted to help-""And I made it clear that it was something I had to do alone, first!"Ron turned his back on her, running a hand over his hair to reel the frustration in. It was like nothing had changed. It was always the same argument over and over again. He shook his head and let out a sigh. He was reminded of how exhausting their relationship had been. How exhausting talking to her had been. Hermione was just… She was just so exhausting."I thought you were finally giving me some time, letting me have some space to figure things out." Hermione's voice had gone soft, heavy with hurt and disappointment. "Then I find out about you and her. On the front page of the paper everyone was reading. On my way to work."They stayed silent for a moment, the sound of their heavy breaths echoing throughout the room."Do you know how humiliating that was? Pretending to people who had the audacity to ask me about it, that we had already broken up weeks ago?""I'm sorry." Came his quiet, broken tone."You already said that." Came her bitter one."I know you were traumatized by the war, but did it ever occur to you that maybe I was too?" He finally turned around to look her in the eye. "But you never even bothered to ask, did you Hermione?" He paused, biting his lip. A lonesome tear trickled down one side of his face. "Because all you cared about was yourself."Hermione looked away. She didn't want to hear any more of this. "This is a pointless conversation." She began to walk away but his bitter chuckle made her glare back at him."And there you go again." Ron had his palms out to her for emphasis. "When you don't get your way, you walk out." He shook his head. "I guess some things just never change."Hermione grit her teeth, both hands fisted on her sides clearly irked by his claim. "Why now?""What do you mean 'why now'?""Why. Now. Why choose now to talk about us? After all this time! What changed?""I told you I don't want our friendship-""Bull. Shit." Hermione cut him off as she stalked towards him, stopping just an arm's reach away. "I refuse to believe that this has anything to do with wanting to be friends again!""Believe it or not Hermione I still care about you. I don't want to see you get hurt.""Too late for that now, is it?" Came her mocking tone. "You already did such a great job at it.""I said I was sorry!""Yes, Ron. And if Voldemort ever said sorry for the things he's done, we'd just forgive him and we'd all live happy ever after!"Ron turned around and started pacing the room, both hands pulling on the back of his neck in frustration. "You had no idea what I was going through!" He paused to wave a hand towards her bitterly. "If it makes you happy to blame every little thing on me, then by all means, do so! But I won't give up my obligation as your friend. I won't stop trying to get you out of harm's way."Hermione narrowed her eyes as she folded her arms across of her chest. "And just what is that supposed to mean?"Ron sighed as he leaned both his palms on the back of her sofa. He kept his gaze on her forgotten cup, half filled with tea. The other half pooled unevenly on the coffee table, no longer warm. "I overheard Malfoy and his mother talking about you." Ron paused, doing nothing to conceal the obvious feeling of disgust evident on his face. "They were talking about you… As if you two had some sort of relationship or something!"Hermione felt her lips part at the realization of it all. She didn't think she couldn't hate Ronald Weasley any more than she already did. But his audacity really knew no bounds."He's up to something. I don't know what exactly, but he's involving you in it so it can't be good!"Hermione scoffed as she shook her head. It started as a small giggle, soon erupting into unbridled laugher; but there was nothing joyful about the sound. It was hallow, hostile, almost sinister."What's so funny?" Ron, now red-faced, rounded the sofa to stand right in front of her line of sight. "I'm warning you about Malfoy. 'Mione this is serious."He watched as her chuckling faded, shaking her head one more time before finally meeting his gaze. Ron couldn't help but shiver at the cold emptiness of her eyes. Lifeless. Dead. Gone were the warm flecks of amber he had fallen so madly in love with. In front of him was a shell of what was once radiant and pure. He swallowed. She really was broken. So irreversibly scarred. More so than he had ever realized."You didn't come here to apologize." Her tone gave no room for argument. "Apologizing just seemed like the better thing to do before delving into what you really came here to talk about – Malfoy."Hermione watched him sputter in his attempts to prove her wrong. She didn't bother to make sense of his words. She blinked tiredly, heading towards the entryway of her flat, pulling the door open wordlessly.Ron quieted down and did nothing to stop her; sensing he's already lost the silent battle. He walked towards her, offering a pleading look. "'Mione." His voice sounded desperate, barely above a whisper.Hermione stayed silent, her eyes not meeting his as she waited for him to finally step out of her house. She watched as he slowly moved to grab his coat and scarf off the rack. For a moment she could remember how they used to be. She would help him with his coat and give him a kiss goodbye before he went off to work. Then he would welcome her back home, taking her things in one hand while the other wrapped around her waist as he kissed her. The rare occasions they attempted to cook together – her teaching him how, and him always trying his best not to mess up. Even if he always did. The late night walks after dinner when neither of them could sleep. Their fingers intertwined, their breaths puffing in the cold air. His unyielding desire to teach her how to play chess, and her begrudging acceptance to learn. She never did. The lopsided smile he gave her on the rare occasion he managed to wake up before she did. His affectionate morning kisses. His warm hugs. His protective arms. His beautiful blue eyes.She could still remember all of it. Every single moment of what they had. But as he gave her one more look, his eyes shining with unshed tears as he stood on the other side of her door, she felt nothing."Goodbye, Ronald."MalfoyIs there a chance we can discuss your 'proposition' sometime this week? Preferably after work hours and away from the scrutiny of the public. Merlin knows how much you love publicity.GrangerP.S. This letter does not, in any way, express consent."This is a surprise! I thought you said she refused last night and demanded that you leave before she, and I quote, 'hex your family jewels so hard no other Malfoy will ever walk this planet'."Draco glared at the Nott heir who was lounging loosely on one of the sofas of his living room, laughing his ass off. "Why are you here again?""I was intrigued so I decided to tag along." Theo shrugged offhandedly, flinging the letter towards the Zabini heir who caught it effortlessly."He was bored and was annoying the shit out of me when you owled." Blaise scanned the small piece of parchment in his hand before chucking it onto the glass coffee table. "I'm guessing the information in the file I gave you proved useful?""Yes. I really have to thank you for your research. None of this would have been possible without it." Malfoy raised his glass of firewhiskey in salute, before glancing at both men haughtily. "Well? Aren't you guys going to congratulate me?"Theo scoffed in amusement. "If I remember correctly, approximately twenty-four hours ago, you were screaming profanities at the fire place, second guessing all the decisions you've made in the past few weeks. It was a sight to see I tell you! Why, the Malfoy heir actually has insecurities?!"Theo sputtered when something soft hit him square in the face. "A pillow fight?" He paused in incredulity. "How very Hufflepuff of you! Is this going to be the direction of your character development, Draco? I think I'd prefer that you stay the silent, brooding, alcoholic! It adds more to the mystery and makes the plot more unpredict-"Theo ducked just as an empty goblet whirled his way. He glanced behind his chair to see shards of glass scattered beneath the wall it slammed into. He eyed his childhood friend incredulously. "Hey! That would have hit my head!"Draco blinked. "Oh, that wasn't my intention at all."Blaise shook his head, chuckling at his friends. "You have to admit though, you took a huge fucking risk. She could have exposed you.""Then I would have exposed her as well." He replied flatly."The information you have on her parents isn't nearly as heavy as the information she has on you. Which one do you think the papers would fixate on? You would have been ruined.""It was a risk I was willing to take." Draco glared at Blaise, to which the latter replied with a shrug."This was the best option." Draco sighed, dropping his head back to rest on the couch, staring blankly at the ceiling. Granger was not the type to be easily manipulated. He wouldn't dare to gamble on whether he could get her to fall for one of his traps or not."So you opted for the simplest, most straightforward, totally lacks a 'unique diabolical signature' option, huh?" Theo wagged his eyebrows, not bothering to hide the amusement in his tone."Worked didn't it." Draco replied bitterly.Blaise nodded in response. "I'd like to think this arrangement benefits her just as much as you."Theo rubbed his hands together in excitement. "Well, I don't know about you guys but I'm definitely going to enjoy the upcoming Gryffindor-Slytherin showdown slash death match. No doubt about it!"Blaise grinned in silent agreement. "So, when are you and Granger going to meet?""Tomorrow, first thing in the morning." Draco smirked. He needed to get everything in order. "I can't give her time to rethink her decision."Draco gazed at the canister of fire whiskey by the liquor table. He was itching to down another glass but he was already three shots up and he would need to keep his temper in check – something he was incapable of when he wasn't sober. Granger would be here any moment and if he wanted any sort of progress with her, he would have to forgo drinking until she's left.The short annoying chime of the grandfather clock directed Malfoy's gaze to the furnace. He smirked as the vibrant red was slowly engulfed by a hypnotizing shade of green. He was entranced for a moment. The wonderful color of Slytherin calming him, giving him an odd sense of power. He felt in control."Malfoy." Came Hermione's uncertain tone as she stood a few inches in front of the flame, eyeing him warily.Realizing he was staring right through her, Draco let out a cough as he stood up in greeting. He gestured towards a chair with much elegance and manner that Hermione had to blink to ensure that it really was Draco Malfoy in front of her."Glad you could make it. Make yourself comfortable."Hermione eyed the chair skeptically, sitting herself on the edge. Feeling the plush velvet chair slowly pull her in, she gradually allowed herself to be enveloped in a warm, comfortable embrace. She would have sighed in pleasure had the company been different.Clearing his throat, Draco donned a detached, professional demeanor. "Shall we begin?"Hermione replied with nothing but a penetrating gaze.Draco raised a brow. "Something the matter?""I want you to answer some questions first."Draco tilted his head to one side in a small nod of affirmation. "Seeing as you stated it in a way that invokes no argument, then by all means, go right ahead.""How did you get information on my parents?"Draco picked up the pot of tea on the table, pouring himself a cup. "Everything has a price Granger.""Who did you get it from?"Draco eyed the look she was giving him, obviously intent on finding out who the rat had been. He dropped two cubes of sugar and added a dash of milk to his cup. "I'm afraid I don't know.""Bull shit."Draco allowed himself to smirk. It was always amusing to hear her curse. "I'm telling the truth. I hired someone to get me information. I don't question where it comes from as long as I'm assured it's trustworthy."Hermione narrowed her eyes. So the person under Malfoy's employment was someone he could wholeheartedly trust? "Who's your informant?" She watched him chuckle mirthlessly, his hand paused in midair gracefully clutching his tea."Granger, your asking me who my informant is, is the same thing as my asking of your parent's residential address in Australia."Hermione raised a challenging brow. "Don't you already know?""Wasn't in the files. Not that their location is of importance to me." Draco shrugged, taking a quick sip from his cup. "How many times do I have to tell you, Granger? I'm not after your parents." Came his aggravated tone."So you say." Came her disbelieving one.They sat quietly, eyeing one another. He decided not to say another word on the matter as she analyzed his demeanor for telltale signs."Why did you tell me everything?" Hermione paused, scanning his gray eyes, reading into anything she could. "Why did you risk having yourself exposed? I could have told everyone.""So why didn't you?"She folded her arms on her chest, sighing impatiently. "Just answer the question, Malfoy."Draco shrugged, imitating the way she folded her arms. "I bet on the fact that you had just as much to gain from this as I do.""I could head to the Ministry right this moment, and offer my memory on a pensieve. Unlawful acquisition of medical records, the possible bribing of an official, plotting against The Order-""Now that last one is a bit extreme don't you think?"Hermione didn't like the way he seemed so nonchalant about her threat. She leaned back onto the chair, arms still folded, hooking one leg over the other. "You look pretty relaxed for someone who could potentially head to Azkaban." She watched him shrug as he emptied his tea, moving to poor himself another cup. Was that his way of managing his nerves?"True. You could report me. Have me detained. Locked up in Azkaban." He listed, dropping the same amount of sugar and milk in his tea, stirring it with care. "But in the process lose funding for your research."Hermione stayed silent."I'm sure I don't have to tell you that there has been no successful attempt at reversing obliviation. Voldemort tried it on Bertha Jorkin and damaged her mind beyond repair." He languidly took a sip of his tea. "The longer you take, the lower your chances get."Hermione wanted to scream at him to shut the fuck up. He didn't need to lecture her of all people about the workings of the damn thing. She did, however, notice how he didn't even stutter or shudder at the mention of his lord's name."So you have two options really. Report me. Or work with me." Draco finally put down his cup, threading his fingers together, leaning both elbows on his knees. "But since you're here. I'm guessing you're at least willing to listen to what I have to say, before deciding on what option to go for."Hermione opted to nod her agreement.Draco decided not to overthink her silence, choosing to interpret it as cooperation. He moved a stack of papers from one side of the table towards her."That's the written contract. After this discussion, I would like for you to read the terms and conditions, then sign on the dotted line should you agree to them. Any potential amendments will be done in this very room, for reasons I'm sure you'll understand. A written document is strong evidence to implicate someone in court.""I have more than enough evidence if I wanted to oust you, Malfoy." Hermione rolled her eyes. She watched him shrug. He seemed to be doing that a lot around her."One can never be too careful." Came his matter of fact tone.Hermione ignored him as she flipped through the pages of the contract offhandedly. It wasn't as thick as she thought it would be. She imagined it would have been full of annotations, foot notes and fine print that would try and trick her into agreeing with things she would overlook. She snorted. Not that she would ever miss a detail."Now if I may? I would like to begin to relay to you the details of this… business partnership."Hermione took a deep breath to prepare herself, nodding her head in affirmation."The idea is forbidden love."Had her chair lacked arm rests, she was sure she would have fallen off. If he didn't look so damn serious, it would have been one hilarious scenario. Draco Malfoy talking about love? She didn't think he was even capable of loving someone more than himself, his reputation or his fortune. He was willing to fake an engagement with her for Merlin's sake! What would he not do for money?"With the war over, what do you think most people crave?"Hermione narrowed her eyes, unsure of where the conversation was going, and what kind of answer he was looking for. "Long standing peace?""Why is that such a Granger thing to say?" Draco chuckled. He saw the argumentative look on her face and moved to cut her off. "Distraction. They crave gossip, Granger. It gives them a sense of power to judge, to ridicule, to berate. The war left many of them incapacitated, penniless, utterly and purely devastated. Many lost people they care about. Some have no one left to care about."Hermione's lips part slightly at the strangely pensive expression on the blonde Slytherin's face. It seemed like his passing statement affected him more than it should have. But whatever it was he felt, it was gone as quickly after she blinked."So wouldn't a scandal of some revered war hero allow them temporary reprieve from their sad pathetic lives? It gives them a moment of peace. A semblance of control. That their lives aren't the only ones fucked up."Hermione was glaring at him now, waiting for him to say one wrong word. Her eyes were daring him to challenge her. Whether he understood her silent threat, he gave no indication."In conjunction, like moths to a flame, people get attracted by the forbidden. Anything taboo. So what better way to catch their attention, than to give them a predicament involving two people who were at opposing sides during the war?"Draco paused, eyeing her strangely silent form. He was wondering when she would start shooting her mouth off, but she was being strangely obliging. He watched her raise a brow, taking it as a cue to continue."But of course, simply slapping them with headlines out of the blue won't do us any good. We need to be smart if we want things to be believable. You said so yourself, no one who knows us both would believe it."Hermione scrunched her eyebrows. "So what do you suggest, then?""No publications, no dates in well-known places, no official claims of being together, and most certainly no joint appearances in public events whatsoever." He paused when she saw the look of disbelief on her face. "At least for the time being."Hermione scoffed. "Of course. That makes perfect sense."Draco narrowed his eyes. "You don't wear sarcasm well, Granger." He watched her roll her eyes in response."We'll go about it the old fashioned way – through gossip by word of mouth."Hermione stayed silent for a moment, thinking the Malfoy heir would come out and say it was all a joke, but he made no move whatsoever. "That's your master plan?""I'm surprised how much you berate the method. Haven't you met the Patil twins?"Hermione frowned. Those twins could spread a rumor throughout Hogwarts in less than an hour. And by Hogwarts, she meant every possible corner of the castle. "Fine. Let's say 'word of mouth' effectively spreads the rumors. Would people even believe it without solid proof?""Oh Granger." Came Malfoy's patronizing tone. "You obviously overestimate the intelligence of the average wizard and witch, the same way you underestimate their desire for something positively scandalous. Rest assured that if news about both of us spread, people will flock over the issue.""What makes you so sure?"Draco gave her a searching look. "I would love to answer that question. But to do so, I may have to offend you."Hermione raised an eyebrow. The thought of possibly being offended left her mind, leaving only the fact that Draco sodding Malfoy actually had the decency to give her a heads up. "As long as you won't be condescending about it, then go ahead.""You are Hermione Granger. You're a war hero, a possible idol for muggle-born witches and wizards. The rumors about Weasley's betrayal and your eventual break up have left a lot of people disappointed, more so sympathetic. People feel the need to cheer you on – to wish you'd find someone else, move on, be happy."Hermione bit the inside of her cheek to shut her mouth. He didn't seriously think people would believe she'll find happiness with him, did he?"You are a symbol of change, of hope, for the Wizarding world. You're the epitome of the reason for fighting for equality. You are revered."Hermione held her breath, unsure of what to reply to what she just heard."Enter. Draco Malfoy, pureblood elitist with an ancestry that instantly compels respect. I am the one true heir of my family's fortune, and one of the most eligible bachelors of this generation." He paused, a conceited smirk reached his lips.Hermione stifled her groan of annoyance, opting to roll her eyes instead. How he could say such things with pride was lost to her."Now, with everything that's happened during the war, I am on the road towards redemption. Rehabilitation. Will I succeed? Or will I fail?""Are you even trying?"Draco blinked in surprise, taken aback by her question and her choice to end her silence. "I beg your pardon?""The whole desire for 'redemption'. Is it true, or is it a ruse?" She added, pushing her back off the chair, leaning forward to finally pour herself a cup of tea.He couldn't tell if she was just curious or if she was doing it on purpose to get a rise out of him. "That part doesn't concern you."Hermione scoffed, raising an eyebrow as she dropped a table spoon of honey in her tea, eyeing him as she stirred. "Of course it does. It's where you're basing the entire foundation of this arrangement." She paused to take a sip. "It's the irony you're after. My reputation against yours. Your background against mine.""Exactly." Draco added. "Which is why this arrangement has such a high potential of success. Given those information, how do you think the public would react if word of mouth were to spread that we're seeing each other in secret?"Hermione didn't miss the way he avoided answering her question. So decided to ignore his as well. She shrugged. It gave her a small sense of satisfaction that her indifferent response seemed to have irked the Malfoy heir. She watched him clear his throat to hide his annoyance."Some would be aghast, some surprised, some in disbelief, but I am willing to bet a portion would be supportive as well. People will start to analyze the need for secrecy, and inevitably believe that the affair is more true than false."Hermione chuckled, secretly thrilled at the displeasured expression the blonde Slytherin sent her way. "Secrecy doesn't equate to sincerity, Malfoy. If a relationship was genuine, there would be no need to hide it."Draco scoffed at this as he ran a hand through his hair. That was such a Gryffindor thing to say. "So you believe that the two of us just coming out in the open, screaming saccharine proses of eternal love, would convince people better?"Hermione clicked her tongue in annoyance. "I'm just saying that if something really is genuine, there would be no hiding, no need for shame.""Yes. Of course. That would be the case if I were Weasley." Draco emphasized, his gaze serious but irritated."Don't even go there, Malfoy." Her tone was silent but livid.He stared back defiantly. "Fact of the matter is, Granger, I'm not someone you can be with, without the need for an explanation. The same is true with me. We were enemies. There's too much history between us. Do you honestly think people would buy it if we suddenly came out and say we've seen things differently?"Hermione didn't respond, but she didn't miss his use of the past tense."Not a single soul in our year at Hogwarts would believe it, let alone Potter and Weasley. We don't need honesty. If that was our intention then why have this meeting at all? What we need is a plan. And a clever one at that. Remember Granger, we need to deceive people who have been closest to us. How else do we achieve it? The only way is through ample manipulation."Hermione frowned. She knew he had a point. It was basic logic really. But she couldn't help but be argumentative. Whenever she had to face off against him, she always wanted to have the last word. He just brought out the worst in her! Always have, always will."We'll continue in secrecy for as long as necessary. That is, until the necessary people intervene."Hermione narrowed her eyes. "Who?""Who do you think?" Came his challenging tone."Your mother?"An irritated scoff paired with rolling eyes was all Hermione received as a reply."What? I'm sure she would be livid to hear that her only son's been cavorting with a mudblood."Draco froze at the offhanded way she had mentioned the derogatory term, but shrugged it off just as quickly. "My mother won't be a concern."Hermione raised an eyebrow in interest but before she could inquire further, he cut her off."I meant Potter and Weasely."Draco stared at her for a few seconds, searching, contemplating. Hermione felt her annoyance grow at the intensity of his gaze. She hated how he looked at her as if he knew something that no one else did. It was as if he could see right through her. She huffed. "What makes you so sure they'll intervene?"He simply replied with an amused look. "What a pointless question, Granger. You know they will."She raised an irate eyebrow at the small jab, but decided not to rise to it. "Fine. Say they do, then what?"He shrugged. "Don't know."Hermione blinked. "I beg your pardon?""I don't know." He repeated. "The next move would have to be made based on their response."Hermione's mouth fell open. "So you mean to say… We'll be making this up as we go?"Draco was itching to correct her 'we' into 'I' but he decided otherwise. "Potter and Weasley are very… fickle. You can never tell how they'll respond, though I do have a couple of guesses.""So… You have no plan?" She summarized."I do have a plan." He interjected in annoyance. "But they are tentative therefore subjected to change.""Riiight." Hermione drawled, clearly unconvinced."Also, depending on what Potter and Weasley do, we'll have to factor in your response as well."Hermione failed to conceal the surprise on her face. She was so focused on the details she'd actually forgotten about her part in all of it. Damn git did have a point. How would she face both of them?Draco watched her quiet down, lost in her own thoughts. "So as you can see, I've only planned this out as far as possible. At least, as far as accuracy is concerned. But rest assured that the result of this would remain the same, regardless of whatever happens.""And that is?""My family avoids persecution, while yours avoids possible dissension."

Hermione huffed for the umpteenth time as she stared at her reflection on the mirror, eyes fixed on the misaligned black wing on her right eyelid. There was a reason why she never bothered to use this abominable thing. How other girls made it look so easy was beyond her. Eye makeup had never been her forte. Blending palettes, a keen eye for symmetry, near perfect depth perception, and an impossibly steady hand were beyond her set of skills. Her gaze shifted from one eye to another, not quite sure how to fix the unevenness. She glanced at her wand on the table, deliberating on whether she should just give up and use magic. She sighed. She knew she was being unnecessarily stubborn about the whole thing, but there were just some things she wanted to do with her own hands. Yes she was a witch, but she was also a muggle.The sudden sound of someone arriving via floo grabbed her attention. With a wave of her wand, she vanished the black liner off her eyelids and walked out her bedroom to greet the unexpected visitor."Hey there-Woah! Hermione, are you going on a date?"Hermione sighed as a pair of hands landed on her arms, turning her around to inspect the work she'd done on herself. "Nice to see you too, Gin. What brings you here?"Ginny placed her hands on her waist, eyes scanning Hermione from head to toe. "Let me just…"Hermione watched the younger witch pull out her wand, chanting a few glamour spells on her hair, then on her face. She sighed again. So much for doing things with her own hands."There. Stunning!" Ginny nodded to herself, studying the nude smoky palette she decided on, before smiling at the elegant but slightly messy top bun of curls."Thanks Gin." Hermione moved to the kitchen, pulling out two mismatched mugs from the top shelf. "Can I get you anything?" She saw a hand pop out from above the backrest of her couch, a set of bare feet hung unmoving on one end."Just water thank you.""Alright.""So, who's the lucky guy?"Hermione glanced back to watch Ginny prop her chin on the backrest, one arm hanging loosely over the couch, staring at her with interest."Just someone I met at work." Hermione busied herself with the ice cube tray, ignoring the low hum of interest she received from the red-haired woman. Technically she wasn't lying. She did, sort of, meet him at work."Well, I won't pry. I'm just glad, that's all." Ginny flopped back onto the couch, both palms resting on her stomach.Hermione ignored the small stab of guilt she felt. She wanted to tell Ginny, but it's not like she could. The contract had a very specific nondisclosure clause. Stepping into the living room, Hermione brought down both cups onto the coffee table, taking a seat on the chair adjacent to the couch the redhead had claimed."Iced coffee?" Ginny raised an eyebrow at Hermione's choice of beverage. She grinned. "Will there be activities that would require you to stay up until the wee hours of the morning?"Hermione rolled her eyes at the lecherous way the female Weasley wagged her eyebrows at her. "No." She replied flatly."Come on! We're all adults here. No need to be shy."Hermione shook her head and giggled at the suggestive way the redhead was grinding her hips. "So, are you going to tell me, or am I going to have to ask?""Huh?""Gin, it's nearly eight in the evening. You're here unannounced, in what I assume are party clothes. You have your hair and makeup done, and you're wearing an obscene amount of fragrance." Hermione paused to scrunch her nose. It not that she didn't like the scent of lily, but to be able to smell it all the way to the kitchen was another story. "It's about Harry, isn't it?"Ginny swung her legs off the couch, sitting up quickly. She folded her arms across her chest, ignoring the way the silver sequins of her slip dress dug into the skin of her forearms. The gesture made one thin strap slide down her shoulder. "What, I can't visit a friend and ask her to hang out spontaneously?"Hermione could tell she didn't want to talk about it. "Of course you can. But you and I both know I'm not the spontaneous type, nor am I the type to go clubbing." She gave the redhead a smile to ease the growing tension.Ginny fixed her gaze on the matching silver strappy sandals that lay haphazardly forgotten on the floor. She hooked one leg over the other, making the hem of her shimmery dress hike up higher over her thigh. "Well, it's just been a while since we've hung out."Hermione moved to sit beside the pouting woman, throwing an arm over her shoulders. "I'm sorry. That's on me." Back when she and Ron were dating, they would always have brunch at the Burrow every Sunday. Everyone would drop by, and it was always one big celebration. "How about we go out to dinner sometime this week?"Ginny wrapped her in a loose hug, leaning her forehead against her shoulder. "Yeah, I'd like that."Hermione tapped her hand in a comforting rhythm against Ginny's shoulder. She could tell there was something wrong, but she wouldn't push her if she didn't want to talk about it.Pulling out of the hug, Ginny bent down to don her heels. Taking a few quick gulps of water, she grabbed her nearly forgotten purse off the coffee table. "Well, I won't keep you! Wouldn't want you to be late."Hermione wanted to talk to the younger woman more, but she knew she had to let it go for now. "I'll owl you about dinner this week."With a final hug, Ginny apparated out of her apartment.Hermione sighed. Should she talk to Harry about today? She shook her head. It's been months since she last talked to him. Meeting him out of the blue, then springing something like this up on him, didn't seem like a wise thing to do. Besides, she was the one who told him she never wanted to speak with him again. She sighed again. Just how did things end up this way for all of them?The soft melodious chime of her clock broke her train of thought. It was eight in the evening. Her initial melancholy turned into annoyance when she remembered the reason why she had to be out on a Saturday evening. Moving to the shoe rack she had by the door, she quickly changed into a pair of heels. Checking her reflection against the modest mirror by her coat rack, Hermione nodded. Ginny did a pretty good job. She frowned. She didn't want to look like she put a lot of effort into this, but she didn't want to give him the opportunity to make fun of her either. She sighed. This would be a long night.Hermione smoothed the edge of her black cocktail dress to calm her nerves. Standing at the entrance of a rather shady establishment, she began to berate herself again for ever trusting in Malfoy in the first place. Here she was, dressed in a fancy little black dress with matching stilettos, standing in front of a rundown old shack named 'Slither In'. She rolled her eyes. She had no idea what the hell was running through Malfoy's mind when he decided on this place, but if this was another one of his pranks again, she would never let him live it down.Swallowing the rest of her apprehensions, she pushed the wooden double doors open only to be greeted by the sight of drunken old men gulfing down cheap liquor. There was a musty quality to the air that made her scrunch her nose in disgust. Before she could take another step in or out the door, one of the bartenders walked up to her, bowing curtly in greeting."It's a pleasure to have you Ms. Granger. Please, follow me."Hermione eyed the man suspiciously as he guided them towards the back room. She didn't fail to notice how none of the drunks were paying her any heed. It was almost as if she, and the bartender before her, didn't exist.The bartender opened the back door, giving Hermione a nod of acknowledgement, motioning for her to continue on alone. Her eyes landed on the 'staff only' sign plastered on the door, tilting her head to one side to scan the rest of the room. "You want me to go into a dark storage room?" She had one eyebrow raised, throwing a look of incredulity back at the man. She's watched enough horror films, and read enough mystery/thriller books to know that scenarios like these usually led to no good.The man nodded again. "Mr. Malfoy is waiting at your table." His hand still on the door, keeping it open.Hermione could tell he would give her no further explanation. "If this is a trap, I'll see to the foreclosure of this establishment personally." She threatened, swallowing down the lump of anxiety in her throat.The man laughed amiably, bowing his head at her once again. "I assure you Miss Granger, this is a perfectly respectable establishment."Glaring in response, Hermione hesitantly took a few steps in to inspect the dimly-lit room. Piles of boxes were strewn everywhere, as were random bottles of liquor and a few wooden crates."If you would step on the marked square…" The man instructed.Hermione eyed the ground and saw a large silver square embossed on the otherwise plain flooring. Standing over the mark, she heard her heels click against the metal. The sudden sound of the door closing, followed by a resounding lock, made her heart skip a beat. She was shrouded in darkness. Just what the hell was-She screamed at the sudden movement under her feet, but before she could even let out a curse, she felt the floor descending slowly. Gone were the boxes and crates. Instead, four silver walls enclosed her. She watched her reflection mirror her anxiety, which now morphed into annoyance. Hearing a strange sound from above, Hermione snapped her head up, only to see the top of the cube that housed her close; its corners lighting up her surroundings in a strange golden glow. She watched wide-eyed as the initially plain silver box morphed into a makeshift elevator, double doors suddenly appearing out of nowhere. Before she could form another coherent thought, the doors pulled apart to reveal a woman in an elegant long silver dress."Good evening, Miss Granger."Hermione blinked at the woman who went on to inform her that her table was ready, saying nothing as she guided her through the hallway. She could feel the soft red carpet through her heels as she inspected several works of art placed tastefully throughout the stretch. She narrowed her eyes. Whoever owned this establishment was one rich son of a bitch.Rounding a corner, Hermione watched two men in tuxedos open up large silver double doors for the woman and herself. What greeted her next was beyond her expectation.Standing at the top of a flight of marble stairs, Hermione looked on at the ballroom before her. White pristine marble floors reflected the beautiful floating crystal candles. The ceiling was adorned by hanging purple and white orchids, crawling down the pillars and walls, ending just before they hit the floor. A live band was playing at the corner of the room, a few couples slow dancing romantically at the open space. Tables were stacked and stationed by the walls inside spacious cubicles, giving guests as much privacy as possible."Miss Granger?"Hermione blinked. "I'm sorry?""If you would please follow me?"Hermione muttered an apology as she descended the flight of stairs. Her eyes kept darting around the luxurious ballroom as the woman led her to the corner most part of the first row of tables. There she finally caught sight of Malfoy conversing with a waiter."Pardon me, Mr. Malfoy? Miss Granger has arrived." The woman smiled and bowed before taking her leave. Not soon after, the waiter followed suit as Malfoy stood up to greet her."I'm glad you could make it." He nodded, crossing the table smoothly to hold a chair out for her. "You look lovely."When her initial awe of the place finally died down, Hermione eyed him with disdain. "What exactly were you trying to achieve by not telling me of this place?"Draco fought a smirk. He would have paid good money just to see the expression on her face when she realized what kind of establishment she was about to head into. He knew he should have told her right from the start. But he didn't want to miss the chance to rattle the Golden Girl's nerves up a bit. "I wanted to surprise you.""Bull shit."Now he couldn't hold back a grin. "It's always amusing to hear you curse, Granger.""Want to hear another one?" She replied through a polite fake smile.He scoffed in amusement. "I'll pass. I would rather see you enjoy yourself this evening." He gestured a hand towards the chair she still refused to sit on.Hermione blinked, slightly taken aback by how serious Malfoy was about taking the role of prince charming. "Wow." She deadpanned. She knew they both agreed on being civil but this was something else entirely.Draco raised an eyebrow. "Is there a problem?"Hermione released a long sigh, trying her best to swallow a biting remark. "No. Not really. I just find this version of you…" She paused, rolling her hand repeatedly, eyes darting around, trying her best to find nicer words.Draco scoffed in amusement, not failing to notice how much effort she was putting into being tactful. "Unsettling?""For lack of a better word." Hermione nodded. "In all honesty, I would appreciate it if you would be less complimentary, and bit more... professional."Draco blinked in response. "I didn't realize I was being too complimentary. It wasn't my intention to make you uncomfortable." He didn't think he was acting particularly out of character, but then he remembered it was her he was with. Any ounce of civility from him would make her question his intentions entirely. "Professional it is, then."Hermione nodded once again, still not quite sure how to respond to a compromising Malfoy."Are we going to stand all evening, or will we finally make use of these perfectly comfortable set of chairs?"Rolling her eyes, Hermione moved to sit on the chair he was still holding out for her. She felt him push it back gently against her as she bent down. Rounding the table with much finesse, she watched him take the chair opposite hers.A waiter came by presenting them with a bottle of wine, explaining the origins of the liquor, details of its aroma, and the painstaking process of its extraction and fermentation. Hermione fought the urge to scoff at the pretentiousness of it all.After pouring each of them a glass, the waiter replaced the wine in the canister of ice. Bowing to each of them and hoping they'd enjoy their evening, he took his leave.Draco raised a glass. "If I may, I would like to offer a toast." He paused, watching her stare at her own drink before moving to grab it. "To a memorable evening." He finally added."To a memorable evening." Hermione mumbled through a tight smile, still feeling apprehensive as they linked their glasses. One sip of the glorious wine, however, made her momentarily forget why she was so anxious in the first place. "This is delicious.""I'm glad it suits your taste."Hermione nodded, her attention on the swirling liquid in her glass. She eyed Malfoy through the corner of her eyes. If someone at Hogwarts told her that one day she'd be out on a date with her childhood bully, she was sure she would have laughed herself silly."So, care to tell me about your journey-""No." Hermione glared at his amused expression. She knew he did it on purpose, inviting her to a place like this without so much of a warning. Oh, she would make him pay."But you have to admit the trip was worth it." Draco smirked smugly when he saw her begrudgingly agree."So how exactly did you discover this?" Hermione's eyes darted off to the beautiful interior of the hidden restaurant. "And please don't tell me it's really called 'Slither In'." The short chuckle that left his lips made her blink. Did he just laugh?"Granger, out of all the things you could ask about, you're going for that?"Hermione stared at him through narrowed eyes. "Why would anyone want to name this beautiful place with something so atrocious?""Careful. You're this close to blasphemy." Draco raised his thumb and index finger to emphasize his point. "Slytherin is a beautiful name."Hermione rolled her eyes. "Slytherin and 'Slither In' are two very different things." She watched him chuckle once again."When I suggested the name to Blaise I didn't think he would take it seriously. I just said a couple of innuendos to get him off my back.""Zabini owns this?" She failed to hide her surprise."Just a small business we started out of boredom."Hermione couldn't help but roll her eyes. Only two spoiled rich kids would think of constructing such a large scale project out of 'boredom'. She took another sip of her wine, raising a questioning brow when he leaned in slightly, voice quieting down as if he was about to divulge state secrets."Don't tell him I told you this." He paused, eyes darting to the sides, making sure no one was within speaking distance. "But he actually modeled this place after his ideal wedding reception."Hermione blinked, failing to hold back a smile. "You're kidding?"Draco shook his head as he blinked slowly to emphasize his point. "He might look all dark, broody and mysterious, but that guy's all mush and romance deep down."Hermione couldn't help but scoff in amusement at the revelation. It went against her entire image of Blaise Zabini. He always had that quiet but annoying arrogance, and the 'I'm too good for any of this shit' demeanor. Sure he wasn't as outspoken as Malfoy had been, after all, Malfoy was a breed of his own; but he still had the same air of entitlement. Blaise Zabini being a closeted romantic was something she never even considered, but she could tell they were close. So if anyone had an inkling of the Zabini heir's true nature, it would be Malfoy. "I find that hard to imagine."He waved a hand in front of his face in nonchalance. "Oh you'll understand what I mean once you get to know him."Hermione raised her eyebrows at the prospect; lips twitching in amusement. Her and Zabini getting to know each other? She wanted to snort in disbelief. Her eyes met Malfoy's amiable ones for a moment, feeling a bucket of ice water douse her veins. She blinked. The realization that she was out on a date with Draco Malfoy, and was actually feeling quite pleasant about it suddenly dawned to her. Her smile faded almost instantaneously, feeling a strange chill crawl down her spine. She cleared her throat."May I head to the loo?""Of course." Draco tried to act as if he didn't notice the sudden change in her demeanor, nodding towards the usher at the end of the hall. He watched her disappear from his sight in silence. He clicked his tongue. Just when he was finally getting her to let her guard down.Hermione scanned the marble bathroom, making sure she was alone. Realizing it was safe, she leaned both her hands on the edge of the sink, staring herself down against the mirrored wall. She couldn't believe that for a second she forgot who she was dealing with. This was Draco Malfoy – the youngest Death Eater, her mortal enemy, and the face of prejudice and injustice in her life. She knew she had to be civil with him, but she shouldn't have allowed herself to relax that much. She even laughed at his jokes for crying out loud! She could tell that he's changed to a certain degree, but she also knew how cunning he was, and how much of a great actor he could be whenever it would suit his interest. He was a man of many faces and it frustrated her that she couldn't pin him down.(Flashback)Hermione watched as Malfoy handed her his signed copy of the contract she amended. She blinked. She didn't think he would immediately agree to the added terms and conditions. "Did you read the contract?"Draco raised an eyebrow in offense. "Do you think I'm stupid?"The urge to agree just to get a rise out of him was strong, but Hermione chose to stay silent. Taking the stack of papers in one hand, she leaned back against the gray velvet chair she was really starting to like. "Just making sure."Draco stared at her without a word, before jutting his chin towards the contract. "Your turn." He rolled his eyes when he saw her scan each page with a discerning eye, wand in one hand. "I didn't rig the damn thing.""Yes, and I'm just supposed to take your word for it, of course."Draco glared at her offhanded reply, not even bothering to offer him a glance. He said nothing as he watched her utter a few spells and counter curses against the slips of paper, swallowing back the sarcastic remarks he was dying to throw back at her.After what seemed like forever, from the corner of his eye, Draco finally saw her move to take his quill on the coffee table. Dipping it lightly on the pot of ink, she moved towards the dotted line. He dropped his gaze to study the stale cup of tea he'd been twirling around in his hand. He held his breath when he saw her pause.Just sign the damn thing! He could hear his mind screaming, but he didn't want to give her the satisfaction of seeing him so desperate. He felt his lungs burn, but he couldn't bring himself to breathe.Draco watched her let out a breath, before finally scribbling down her signature onto the bottom of the parchment. He stood up, covering his ragged breathing with a short cough. Moving towards the bookcase by the liquor table, he pulled out a thin stack of papers lying on top of a row of books.Hermione blinked when he handed her another set of parchments, no more than a few pages. "What's that?""Proof of your account." Draco replied nonchalantly, pushing it towards her fervently when she didn't make a move to get them. "I'll have it set up for you by tomorrow. Like we agreed on, half of the money will be transferred upon signing the contract, then the other half follows upon it's completion. All you have to do is drop by Gringotts within the week to sign the papers to gain access to it."Hermione placed the contract on the coffee table, taking the documents in one hand. It was no more than four pages. She read it carefully, taking note of things she needed to clarify with him. "And there's no way anyone can trace this back to you?""Granger, I don't think I need to lecture you of all people about Gringotts. After all, didn't you and your merry band of friends break in?"Hermione raised an eyebrow at the unnecessary jab. She was well aware that goblins had a code that forbade them to speak of the bank's secrets, and that it was considered grave treachery to break any part of that code. It was precisely the reason why Bellatrix was able to store a Horcrux in her vault all those years."Exactly. My 'merry band of friends' and I were able to break in. So wouldn't a leak of information be an angle worth exploring?"Draco release a sigh of impatience. "Seeing as you've never had a Gringotts account, I guess it's understandable that you don't know. Goblins don't keep official documents. After you present your proof of account, that paper will burn. As for how accounts are accessed, I'd like to think you won't need an explanation. Or do you?""No, I don't." Hermione could feel her annoyance morphing into a steady burn of ire at the patronizing way he was addressing her. "But I'd also like for you to know that the only reason we were capable of breaking into Gringotts was because Griphook helped us, in exchange for the sword of Gryffindor. He was convinced it had been stolen from Ragnuk, the maker of the sword, and was thus, goblin property. His loyalty to his race seemed to override the code created to protect the bank." She folded both her arms across her chest. "So tell me, Malfoy, if my 'merry band of friends' and I were capable of gaining a goblin's assistance, who's to say that this information won't be privy to anyone else?"Draco let out a breath of annoyance. "If you must know, I'll be tasking someone else to handle your account.""And there's no way they can trace that person back to you?""Why so skeptical Granger? If someone should be extra vigilant, it should be me.""Well excuse me for not wanting anyone to find out about this arrangement."Draco chuckled to himself, but his eyes were far from amused. "You and me both, Granger. You and me both."(End of Flashback)Hermione released a long sigh. He was like a chameleon. The Malfoy at the hospital, the Malfoy in his temporary home, and this Malfoy in the restaurant, seemed like three very different people. His ability to shift their conversation, and transform it into friendly grounds was definitely something to be weary of. Analyzing their earlier exchange, Hermione couldn't help but feel threatened at how easy it was for him to make her comfortable. She couldn't even pinpoint which part of the dialogue changed the entire atmosphere of their 'date'. His skills were definitely admirable at best, but that only proved how dangerous of a foe he could be."Pull yourself together Hermione. Don't ever let your guard down like that again."She knew this wasn't a contest, and that they were both in it for mutual benefit. But Hermione couldn't help but feel like she was losing. She needed to regain some control over their situation. She needed to stay sharp. She would respect him as much as she could, but she should never make the mistake of trusting him. After all, he had a personal agenda. She was just another pawn for him to make use of, but she'd be damned if she would let that happen. If he would think for a second that he's already won, then he's got another thing coming."Sorry I took so long." Hermione watched Malfoy stand in attention, pulling out the chair for her once again."It's fine. You didn't take that long."They stayed silent as they settled down. Draco watched her pick at the appetizer on her plate. He could only sigh. He had a feeling this would happen. "So, what was the real reason for the bathroom break?""I'm sorry?"Draco sighed once again. "Listen Granger. I understand that the two of us somewhat 'getting along' is a concept that is so foreign that you can't begin to wrap your head around it. But like we agreed on, this is a compromise. I'm trying to look at you through fresh, unprejudiced eyes, and I hope you can do the same for me."Hermione could only blink in surprise. She definitely didn't expect that."Granger?" Came his annoyed tone at her lack of response.Hermione blinked again, realizing she had yet to give him a reply. She just didn't know what to expect from him. He always seemed to catch her off guard and it was annoying."Don't you think I'm trying? I just can't help but think that you always have an ulterior motive, a hidden agenda. I can't help but analyze everything you do and say, and try to connect it with something I'm supposed to expect in the future. But like I said, I'm trying. I just need time. Besides, it's not like you trust me either."Draco wanted to run a hand through his hair but stopped himself. She was being unreasonable. "What does trust have anything to do with having decent conversations?""It makes things more natural. Genuine." Hermione replied like it was the most obvious thing in the world. "Being able to speak your mind. You need trust for those.""It's just small talk Granger." Came his aggravated tone. "We're not talking about the fate of the entire world. What, do you need to be able to trust me with your life just to let me know if you're enjoying your salad?"Hermione wanted to chuck the piece of cheese on her fork, straight into his eye. "I just need a bit more time, Malfoy. Would you stop bitching?" The slight recoil of his body and the wide-eyed stare she got from him, made her want to pat herself on the back. She watched him quickly school his features back in place."I always knew you had a filthy mouth."Hermione narrowed her eyes as the conversation continued to steer into dangerous territory. "Go on." She challenged. "What was that about being filthy?" She watched him take a bite from his salad, his eyes on her never leaving."I'm not the one with a poor vocabulary. Resulting to curses? What's the matter, Granger? Forgot how to use your brain?""Oh I know how to use it just fine. I just wasn't sure you'd be able to keep up if I used too many big words."Hermione took another sip of her wine, watching him munch on his food with a grace that made her want to roll her eyes. Their silent gazes bore into each other, punishing and relentless. Neither wanted to concede.Draco knew that he had to. As much as he hated to admit it, his aggravation got the better of him. She just infuriated him beyond reason. She was exhausting to be around, and incredibly frustrating to talk to. "Fine." He let out a breath of defeat. "Given our past, I would still say that the two of us sitting here and not trying to kill one another is a good start."Hermione raised an eyebrow. They were damn well ready to.A pair of waiters came by to take away their plates, setting down the next course wordlessly, before bidding them farewell. Draco silently thanked the intrusion. They ate in silence this time, neither willing to engage in unnecessary conversation. The courses passed by in a flurry."I apologize for my earlier behavior. I didn't mean to offend you."Hermione snapped her head up in disbelief. Malfoy had his gaze down on his plate, busying himself with cutting a piece of steak. Did he just apologize to her? She knew the second statement was a complete and utter lie, but the Draco Malfoy actually apologized to her."I'm sorry. I'm not sure I heard you. Could you repeat that?" A bored glance was all she got as a reply.Hermione raised a fist against her lips to fight the grin that was itching to envelop half of her face. She wanted to lord it over his head, but she knew it would ruin the moment he willingly sullied his pride for. "I guess you do know how to apologize.""So you heard it the first time.""I thought my ears were deceiving me. I wanted to check."Draco raised a brow at the shameless lie, eying the amused witch sitting across him.They ate in silence once again, but this time, it was no longer as suffocating.As much as Hermione hated to admit it, she was grateful for his apology. That way they wouldn't spend the rest of the evening tiptoeing around one another, or worse, arguing with each other until the night ended. She realized though, that she also had to play her part as well. She wanted to groan at the idea of making small talk, but she knew it had to be done."Now that I think about it, it was clever of you to pick this place. Since you and Zabini own it, we're assured this won't leak out to the public." Hermione gave restaurant's interiors another appreciative glance.Draco allowed himself to smirk at her relaxed demeanor. "Oh? What makes you so sure about that?""What do you mean?"He leaned forward, his voice barely above a whisper. "I'll let you in on a little secret, just promise me you'll keep your eyes on me the whole time." He watched her subconsciously lean back in withdrawal. He knew he should have been offended by the gesture, but her blatant repulsion amused him. "There's someone in this restaurant who has a great view of our table."Hermione began to turn her head, but Draco was quick to get a hold of her cheek. He shook his head in reprimand. "Now, now. Didn't I tell you to keep your eyes on me?" He felt her swallow, feeling awkward with his hand against the side of her face."Fine. I won't look. So let go." Hermione tilted her head slightly out of his grasp.Bringing his hand down, Draco nodded his thanks. "Thank you for using your words. If you'd have slapped my hand off your face, it would have been a cause for concern.""Well, if you weren't stupid enough to forget to let me know we needed to put on a show, you wouldn't have had to worry about such trivial things." She bit back through gritted teeth."Hate me for it or not, but this was a test. And an important one at that. I was betting on the fact that you would be civil with me despite not having the pressure of being forced to."Hermione let out a slow breath, annoyed by the fact that Malfoy was the one calling all the shots. "And did I pass?" She mocked. She watched as amusement danced in his eyes, before it disappeared in the blink of an eye."Just barely." Glad he was able to stop himself from commenting on her obsession with grades, Draco turned his attention back to his steak, cutting it with a grace that's been drilled into him since birth. "Is the food not to your liking? You haven't touch any of it."Hermione glanced at the delicious medium rare steak before her with a side of perfectly blanched vegetables drizzled with an aromatic sauce. On a regular day she would have sunk her teeth into it, but for some reason, seeing Malfoy sitting across her killed her appetite. She hadn't even realized that they were already on the main course of their meal.Ignoring his dinner pleasantries, she took a sip of her wine to calm herself down. "Who are we putting on a show for?""Now, where would all the fun be if you knew?" Draco couldn't help but wink as he got up his chair and headed straight for her. "But now that you understand our situation…" He paused to offer her a hand. "Would you care for a dance?"Hermione smiled tightly as she glanced at his outstretched hand. "Tell me who's watching, Malfoy."He raised a brow, nudging his palm closer. "You do know how weird we look right now, don't you?""Then I guess you better give me my answer."Draco sighed, gently taking Hermione's hand off the table, before bowing down to bring it to his lips for a quick kiss. He looked up right at her, and saw that her cheeks were colored red. He smirked. It seems she wasn't so immune to him after all."What the hell do you think you're doing?" She whispered through gritted teeth.He ignored her poorly veiled indignation, tugging her up to her feet as he moved away from their table. "Astoria Greengrass. She was my fiancé up until my father's incarceration."Hermione schooled her expression, replying through yet another tight smile. "That gesture was unnecessary."His smirk never faded as he claimed a space for them on the dance floor, speaking loud enough only for the two of them to hear. "Oh but your expression was perfect. After all, genuine reactions are always better than fake ones." Twirling Hermione into a Waltz position, he made sure to hold her close. "Rest assured." He paused, keeping his lips over the shell of her ear. "This gossip will spread like wildfire."Hermione stared at the piece of paper before her, as she cradled the cup of hot chocolate on her lap. It was one of the tabloids Rita Skeeter was running under an alias.A NEW POWER COUPLE IS ABOUT TO BE BORNHermione closed her eyes in disgust at the article. She didn't know what offended her more, the constant mentioning of Malfoy being the most eligible bachelor of his generation, or the fact that she was stated as having had relations with both Ron and Harry in the past.Grabbing hold of the useless tabloid, Hermione threw it towards the flames. "Honestly, who would buy this crap?"Her eyes landed on the small scrap of paper on the coffee table.EXPLAIN.She sighed. It surprised her to see Ginny's owl in her living room first thing in the morning. To think that Ginny actually sent her a copy of that ridiculous tabloid. What would she tell her?Huffing, she took a seat back on her couch, feeling more anxious than usual. She was thankful it was a Saturday. At least she had some time to figure out a way to deal with the rumors, especially at work. Running a hand through her hair, Hermione took another sip of her hot chocolate. She honestly didn't expect things to progress this quickly. The tabloid had no proof except for an anonymous tip and yet they published the story in the front page. What ever happened to responsible journalism? She hated to admit it but Malfoy really was right. How hungry people were for these types of scandalous gossip was unfathomable."Speaking of Malfoy." Hermione sighed. It seems she would need to have yet another meeting with him soon. She didn't want to admit it herself, but her evening with the Malfoy heir wasn't as bad as she thought it would be. Now she was somewhat beginning to understand why the girls back at Hogwarts were after him. He was easy on the eyes, rich, and was the heir to an influential family. He was smart, being only second to her in a lot of classes back then, and was pretty athletic as well. Sure she was well aware that he was on his best behavior that night, and that most of what she saw was a façade, but she was still surprised how much of a gentleman he could be if he wanted to. Hermione scoffed. There it was, the operative term 'if he wanted to'.Hermione shook her head. She was well aware that it was all an act but she still couldn't help but bring herself to appreciate the level of effort Malfoy put into their first date. She wasn't stupid enough to delude herself into thinking that he was doing it for her. Obviously he was doing it for his own personal gain, but the thought of Malfoy putting that much effort into their fake first date still made her smile bitterly. This was by far the best date she's ever been on her entire life. And to think that Malfoy would be the one holding that title, Hermione was beginning to get a sour taste in her mouth.Draco stared at the tabloid floating over him in contemplation."Well? Is it just me, or do you not seem pleased?" Theo raised an eyebrow as he pulled the paper out of his childhood friend's line of sight, leaning it against one leg.Draco released a long sigh, draping an arm over his tired eyes. When the floo chimed in this morning, he had every intention of ignoring who it was. After all, his mother never had visitors so he was sure it had been Blaise. But when he heard his bedroom door unlock, followed by the shift of weight on his bed, he knew it had to be Theo. As much as Draco hated to admit it, the Nott heir had always been good at breaking spells. That, and only he had the gall to invade his personal space without any regard for possible repercussions."What's the problem? Isn't this what you wanted?"Draco released another long sigh, too tired to get angry. "I didn't think word would get out this quick. This would be a problem for Granger.""Why?""She'd be forced to deal with the reality of our situation earlier than expected.""But this is Granger we're talking about. I'm sure she came prepared. She signed the bloody contract and even amended portions of it. I bet she even has the damn thing memorized." Theo shrugged as he dropped backwards on the bed, ignoring the click of Draco's tongue."Knowing is different from understanding, Theo."Theo placed both hands under his head, nudging Draco's foot with his elbow to make space. "Well it's not like she can back out now."Draco kicked back against the annoying elbow jabbing against his foot. "She can."Theo crunched his upper body up, eyeing the Malfoy heir in surprise. "What?""It was written in the contract. If, at any point, either of us wish to end the agreement, then it would take effect immediately. The consequence for whoever cancels would be to pay the other party the full amount indicated, and sign a nondisclosure contract that would take all the details of this partnership to the grave.""Wait, what?" Theo bolted up. "You didn't add a nondisclosure clause in your contract?""I did. She amended it. The effect lasts only up until the conditions are reached, or if either of us choose to end it. Regardless, the nondisclosure stands only as long as the contract is valid."Theo blinked, speechless for a moment. "Doesn't that put you at a disadvantage?"Draco shrugged. "It's a risk I'm willing to take. She was very particular about the security measures to ensure this arrangement isn't leaked to the public. So I just have to trust that she doesn't want this out in the open as much as I do."Theo folded his arms across his chest and nodded. "You seem to take an awful lot of risks with this one." He grinned. "Doesn't seem like you."Draco glared at the amused Nott heir, but the sudden change in the latter's expression made him raise an eyebrow in annoyance. "What?""Wait, how is it possible for you to talk to me about all this? The secrecy applies both ways, doesn't it?"Draco grinned as he lay his head back down the soft satin pillow. "The nondisclosure took effect on the day the contract was signed. It doesn't cover the ones who knew about it prior to the arrangement."Theo scoffed at the smug look the Malfoy heir donned. "Look at you! Patting yourself on the back for pulling one up over our class valedictorian!"Draco narrowed his eyes. "A class what?""Valedictorian! It's a muggle term for someone who's the top of the class." Theo beamed, always happy to have an opportunity to flaunt his knowledge. After all, Draco had always been the smarter one. So it was fun to see him clueless over things he had expertise in. "You would have been called the class salutatorian. You know, because you were second."Draco lay back down, eyes on the ceiling. "Whatever."Theo's grin widened. It was one of his favorite pastimes – reminding Draco that he wasn't the smartest one back at Hogwarts. It didn't matter that he wasn't able to beat the Malfoy heir in a lot of things. At least he wasn't number one in everything!"What brings you here this early in the morning, Theo?" Came Draco's aggravated tone."Ah! I almost forgot."Draco felt something land on his bare chest. Grabbing it blindly with one hand, he brought it up over his eyes. "What's this?""It's an invitation." Theo stood up from the bed. "Pansy's opening another boutique and expects all of us to come to the ribbon cutting. This one's in Paris. She knows it's is within the limitations of your parole, so you aren't exempt this time."Draco groaned. He could tolerate hanging out with the entire gang, but to travel to the muggle world for a ridiculous ceremony was a completely different story. What kind of idiotic practice was 'ribbon cutting' anyway?"Come on, Draco! Blaise and I will be there. We'll just pop in and out real quick! Where's your team spirit?!"Draco glared at Theo, annoyed at his enthusiasm so early in the morning."I know you've never been to the muggle world, but I promise we won't go anywhere else other than Pansy's shop. It's at a quaint neighborhood, away from all the scary monsters that move!" Theo teased, recalling the way the Malfoy heir had paled when he showed him photographs of planes and automobiles. "Besides, it's the perfect photo opportunity! The Malfoy heir caught traveling in the muggle world? Think about the wonders it'll do for your reputation!"Draco sighed, too groggy to debate. "I'll think about it."Theo blinked. "Oh." In Draco Malfoy language, that was as good as a yes. "Alright, then. I'll see you!" Raising the three-finger, rock and roll gesture he loved so much, he gave his childhood friend a broad grin before stalking off towards the door."Oh and Theo."Holding the door open half way, Theo turned back to glance at the grumpy blonde. He was sitting up on the bed now, covers dropping down to his hips. He watched him yawn lazily before glaring back at him, in what the Nott heir assumed was his childhood friend's attempt at being imposing."Next time you barge in my room, I'll make you regret it."Theo grinned at image of the hungover blonde spouting out threats first thing in the morning. "I know what image you're trying to go for, but bed hair, bloodshot eyes, and a deathly pale complexion, doesn't really do it. But you're welcome to try!""When were you going to tell me?"Harry's hand paused midair, the strap of his sling bag dangling in his fingers. "I beg your pardon?"Ron glanced around the nearly empty Auror office, tilting his head towards a space far from prying eyes. Harry dropped the bag back on his table, following the redhead off to the corner."I heard about it yesterday." Ron paused, folding his arms across his chest as he leaned against the wall. "And I wouldn't have learned about it if Lav hadn't accidentally spilled wine on her dress.""You finally brought Lavender to meet your parents?" Harry watched Ron's sullen expression shift into that of excitement."Yeah, mate! I decided it was time to since we've been solid for a full half year. I was scared shitless but I'm glad none of them were an ass about it. I mean, it wasn't exactly a warm reception but at least they were all nice to her. She told me she had a good time too, and wouldn't mind coming to another Sunday family brunch again!"Harry smiled, placing a hand on his best friend's shoulder. "That's great news, Ron.""Yeah! I was so worried about it all week. I didn't think-" Ron paused, realization finally settling in. "Hey! We're supposed to be talking about you not me!"Harry chuckled, bringing both palms up in surrender. "I was genuinely curious, Ron! I'm happy for you, really I am."Ron huffed. It was impossible to be mad at this bloke. "Anyway, Gin lent her a dress to change in and Lav told me about how it was cute that she maintained her childhood bedroom despite already living with you." Ron paused, noting the way his best friend's gaze shifted to the ground. "Harry, we both know she cleared out that room the day she moved in with you. I asked mom and she told me Gin's been living there for the past month, but she wouldn't say anything else." He paused, waiting for the bespectacled man to say something, but he stayed silent."Harry, why is Gin back at the Burrow?"Harry sighed, digging both his hands into the pockets of his uniform. "We broke up."Ron let out a long sigh. "I figured as much."Both men stayed silent, unsure of what to say."Is it okay if I ask why?"Harry glanced back at the concerned look the redhead sent his way. He ran a hand through his hair. "Remember those things you said about your relationship with Hermione?"Ron nodded slowly, apprehensive about the sudden change in discussion. "What about it?""You said, other people were staring to settle down but both of you couldn't seem to find your place – couldn't seem to fit." Harry paused, leaning his back against the wall, head tilted up to look at the ceiling. "That's how I felt. But not with me and Gin. With myself."Ron narrowed his eyes, clearly confused."Defeat Voldemort. Be the hero. Become an auror. Defend the world. That's my script. It always has. But does it always have to be?"Ron said nothing, simply looking on in concern at the melancholic man before him."My entire life, I've been told what to do. By prophecies. By authorities. By everyone. But when I stopped to think about what I wanted, what I really wanted…" He paused, giving Ron a sad smile. "I had no clue.""Well, we're still young. It's alright to not know what we want to be." Ron whispered in assurance, placing a hand over Harry's shoulder in comfort.Harry shook his head. "You don't understand Ron. This isn't just about a career path. It's about my entire life. It's always just been about staying alive. There was no time to think about the future. It was always down to fight or die. It was that simple. But now, when I ask myself what it is that I want, now that I actually have the time to think outside of just surviving, I don't have an answer. When I try to envision myself 10, or even 20 years into the future, I can't picture it. It comes up blank. I never realized how hard it was to think about the future. All I've done in the past was think about the next day. Just the next day. One day at a time."Ron pulled his hand off Harry's shoulder, not knowing what to say. He'd always wondered how Harry handled the pressure, because he knew, that if he had been in his place, he would have cracked under it a long time ago. Harry's life had never really been his. His choices and his actions always resulted in a ripple that affected thousands of lives – usually deciding who lived and who died. It was the kind of responsibility that should never fall on the shoulders of one person, let alone a young child. It wasn't just paralyzing. It was traumatic."Ginny started talking about the future and… She had all these plans, all these visions about how things would be like in a set number of years. And I had nothing. She mentioned marriage and children, and… I don't even know if I want that for myself." Harry let out a mirthless laugh. "Voldemort's dead. I'm finally supposed to start my life! But instead I'm a 20-year-old without a goal, without a dream." He paused to glance at Ron who was now looking down at the floor.Harry let out an impatient sigh, running a hand over his face, then through his hair. He began pacing around the corner of the room. "I know I sound overdramatic. Ridiculous even! But… I just!" He let out another annoyed huff. "For once, I just want to figure things out on my own. Do things because I want to, and not because someone said so or someone's life depends on it. I just… I just want the freedom to choose and the opportunity to look for options." He sighed in exhaustion. "I'm being selfish, aren't I?"Ron shook his head. "No. I'm not going to pretend to understand what you're going through. But there's one thing that's clear to me." He walked towards his longtime best friend, placing both hands over his shoulders. "No one can tell you how to live your life, Harry. Only you can. It's high time you made decisions just for yourself. So if you think this is something you need to do, do it. To hell what other people think!"Harry felt his eyes prick, willing himself to hold back the tears. He never realized how much he wanted to hear those words. "Thanks, Ron."Hooking an arm over Harry's shoulders, Ron maneuvered them both out of the corner, walking back towards their cubicles. "I don't care if you already have plans, but we're going out for a drink!"End of chapter 7!I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who's been leaving comments and constructive criticisms :)I really appreciate them, especially the ones who take time to break down parts of the story and explain why they agree or disagree with them or not. I'm moved by the effort! It's interesting to see how people think alike and think differently. The questions you ask make me think too, and I get ideas and plot bunnies because of them! So keep them coming please :)To the ones who never fail to leave comments or type extremely excited ones, thank you! Your enthusiasm is very contagious! To be honest, I want to reply to each and everyone of you, but for some reason, I feel kinda awkward about it lol so I decided to just write a general letter of gratitude.I hope you'll all continue to enjoy the story, and I hope it provides a bit of an escape from reality. We all need it during these trying times. Stay safe everyone, and take care!

Hermione stood at the entrance of the Brews and Stews Cafe already dreading what was to come. After Ginny sent her the tabloid, the younger witch had been adamant about meeting up as soon as possible. So here she was, on a Tuesday night, barely able to sneak in six hours of sleep after a grueling 36-hour hospital duty thanks to a team of aurors who barged in after intercepting an illegal trade of magical creatures. Those poachers sure knew their dark arts well. She sighed.Hermione took a deep breath before stepping into the restaurant, glad to see that it was nearly empty. The hustle and bustle of the hospital demanded her full attention, making it easy for her to tune out all the gossip flittering around her. But the moment she stepped into Hogsmeade Village, the rumor mills hit her like a storm."Over here!"She glanced over one side to see Ginny waving at her. She was at a table by the corner of the restaurant, far from the window, and at a spot that wasn't easily visible to the café patrons.Hermione let out a sigh the moment she sat down on the chair. She was a lot more exhausted than she thought. "Hey Gin, sorry I'm late."Ginny waved a dismissive hand in the air. "Don't worry about it."Hermione took the menu off the table, scanning it attentively to avoid the gaze of the younger witch. "So what will you be having? I've only been here once, a long time ago. Any recommendations?""As a matter of fact, I do."The prolonged pause made Hermione tear her gaze off the list of entrees, and onto the smirking woman sitting right across her."I recommend you tell me about your date with Malfoy."Hermione expected this. She knew the redhead would try to interrogate her about the article on the tabloid. But knowing that fact didn't make the experience any less troublesome. "What are you talking about?" Came her exasperated tone."Playing dumb?" Ginny raised an eyebrow in interest, resting her chin on the palm of her hand. "You must really want to keep things secret."Hermione sighed. "Gin, you of all people should know by now not to believe everything you read.""So it's a lie?" The youngest Weasley challenged."Anything Rita Skeeter writes is a lie.""So Malfoy coming to St. Mungos and requesting for you specifically was a lie as well?""You know I can't divulge patient information. It's part of my oath as a healer.""So that's a yes?"Ginny watched her blink in silence, huffing in annoyance at the absence of an answer. Clearly the older witch had been prepared. She expected her to be a bit more flustered if it had been true, or angry at the blasphemy. But she was neither. Which meant she was hiding something."You know, I expected more of a reaction from you." Ginny paused, her eyes watching Hermione's every move. "Aren't you pissed at the fact that Rita Skeeter is once again dragging your name? And this time by linking you to Malfoy.""Gin, if I react at every stupid thing she writes about me, then she wins. She'll get more publicity, she can print more articles about me, she can spin the words I throw at her any way she sees fit… and it would never end.""So you're just going to let her?" Ginny failed to hide the judgment in her tone.Hermione shrugged. "Sometimes the best response is the withdrawal of attention."Ginny folded her arms across her chest. "Okay. So who was the guy you went out on a date with then?""Is it okay if I keep it to myself first?" Hermione raised her hands up in a gesture of prayer. "I mean, it is just one date. I don't want to jinx it by telling anyone about it yet."Ginny sighed in defeat, unfolding her arms to lay them back to rest on the table. "Fine. I guess I sort of understand what you mean. Come to think of it, when you and Ron got together, you didn't tell anyone at first."Hermione nodded, secretly glad she got the younger witch to drop the topic."But, I hope you know that I'm just here if you need to talk to someone, okay?"Hermione smiled, reaching out to grasp the redhead's hand in her own. "Thank you, Gin. I promise you'll be one of the first people I'll tell if it works out.""And I promise I'll be super supportive!" Ginny grinned, squeezing the hand that held her tightly. "Unless, of course, it's Malfoy!" She joked, laughing out loud. "I'd have to make sure you aren't under the influence of the imperius curse!""You ready?"Draco ignored the amused tone that reached his ears as he took a sip from his cup of coffee. It's been a week since the rumors of his date with Granger started circulating. He had to admit he didn't expect the Gryffindor princess to handle it this well.Blaise eyed him curiously as he flipped the beige envelope through his fingers. "It's been a few days since she sent you this note. Did she finally tell you where you guys are going?""The arrangement was one subtle public appearance every week. We each get to pick where, alternately. I had my turn, now it's hers." Draco watched Blaise pluck out the letter hidden inside the uninspired packet. "Since I didn't give her details regarding the venue of our last date, I'm guessing she feels the need to do the same." He scoffed at her pettiness.Blaise chuckled to himself as he scanned the letter once again. "I wonder what she plans on doing by asking you to 'wear comfortable clothes that wouldn't make you stand out'." He paused to point at a portion of the card. "She even gave a list of possible options, as well as ones you should avoid." He couldn't help but snicker.Draco simply rolled his eyes. He had half a mind to wear the items she specifically requested him not to, but he knew better than that."She's even asking you to bring a jacket, and I quote 'something lightweight and weather appropriate'."Draco drank the rest of his coffee as he checked the time. He would be lying if he said it didn't piss him off that she was bossing him around; but the idea that he could get back at her gave him solace. "I should be heading out."Blaise grinned as he watched Draco grab the gray blazer behind his chair, draping it over his forearm. "Have fun." He teased in a singsong tone. The crack of apparition was all he got as a response.Draco scrunched his noise at the sudden onslaught of sewage and compost, with a side of livestock. He knew they were trying to keep things mum and low key, but did they really have to meet at an apparition point near a poultry factory?"Glad to know you followed instructions."Turning around, he raised a brow at the approving glance the bushy haired woman gave him. Pinching his nose to emphasize his discomfort, he clicked his tongue. "Granger, can you save your ogling for another time and get us the hell out of this dump?"Unsurprised by the attitude, Hermione moved wordlessly towards him reaching a hand out. She watched him lean backwards ever so slightly, raising an eyebrow in inquiry."Relax, your highness." Came her condescending tone. "I have a portkey."Draco's eyes widened in panic. "Portkey? Where the hell are you taking me?" Without another word, he sensed her aim for his wrist. He avoided her grasp, but she snatched the fabric of his shirt. He cursed at the familiar but annoying pull of being transported to only Merlin knew where.When he finally felt his feet land on the floor, Draco turned around to grab Hermione by the elbow. To say that he was livid was an understatement. "You fucking idiot! I'm on parole I can't just-""We're in muggle London. This falls within your parole conditions. I checked." Hermione tried to hide a wince of pain as she glared back at him. She raised a hand against his own, but his hold on her was iron. No amount of pulling or prodding seemed to loosen his grip.Seeing her discomfort, Draco let her go roughly. He tensed his jaw to reel in the rage. "You didn't even have the decency to let me know we were crossing worlds?""Guess we're even now." She whispered tauntingly, daring him to do something. In the blink of an eye, his disdainful expression turned blank. She could almost hear his Occlumency working. She narrowed her eyes. She didn't know the extent of his skills, but something told her he was above average at least."I hid the nature of the restaurant. You hid the fact that we were using a bloody portkey to-""Tomato, tomahto." Hermione waved a nonchalant hand in the air, twirling around to step away from the furious blonde. Not wanting to have to listen to him complain further, she quickly stepped out of the alley and onto the streets.In a strange mixture of anger and panic, Draco began to chase after her. "We're not done-"As soon as he stepped out into the boulevard, he froze in shock at the hustle and bustle around him. People in odd clothing were shuffling about, holding weird devices to their ears, chattering endlessly. A loud honk startled him as he cover his ears, staring wide-eyed at the gigantic metal-like block rolling just a few feet away from him. He felt the ground shake as it passed by imposingly. "What in the world-""Malfoy! Are you coming or not?"Turning towards the mention of his name, he saw Granger standing impatiently with her hands on her waist. It was the first time he noticed what she was wearing. It was a yellow dress that ended a few inches above her knee. The straps on her shoulders were so thin he could probably rip them off at the tug of a finger. Her feet were nearly bare wearing something that looked like nude strings, showing off her red toenails. Her usual bushy hair was in a high bun at the top of her head, loose curls escaping to frame the sides of her face. He had half a mind to ask her what the hell she was wearing, when he saw a few other women dressed in a similar fashion. Some were even more scantily clad than she was. He shook his head. It seems Muggles were exhibitionists.Rolling her eyes, Hermione began to walk away. "Keep up or I'll leave you behind."Annoyed, Draco walked briskly towards her retreating form, finally falling into step with her. He needed a moment to simmer down the onslaught of negative emotions that were struggling to explode."If you don't give me an explanation right this second Granger, you won't like it."Hermione paused, glancing lazily at the spoiled pureblood who now stood right in front of her, a full foot taller. The vacant expression on his face failed to match his incensed tone. Occlumency once again, she noted. "You said so yourself, didn't you? The aim is to make The Order believe that you no longer support the ideals you fought for in the war." She paused to raise a hand, motioning towards the entirety of their surroundings. "What better way to make them believe that than by having you spotted walking around muggle London?"He released a long, controlled breath. "Elaborate."She shrugged. "Like I said-""Move it!"Draco glared incredulously at the random muggle who had the audacity to scream at him. "What did you-"Hermione immediately got in between both men and muttered an apology. She kept a firm hold on Malfoy's forearm, prompting him to drop the argument. "We're standing in the middle of the sidewalk like we own it." She tried to pull him along. "Let's look for a different place to talk."Draco glared at the man's back scornfully. How dare a muggle talk down on him?"Malfoy." Came Hermione's demanding tone as she waited for him to finally start walking. "There's a park right across the street." She pointed at an area full of benches. "I'll explain there."Draco said nothing as he pulled his arm out of her grasp. He walked away swiftly; his anger getting the better of him. But just as he was getting comfortable with the pace of his gait, two hands were wrapped around the junction of his elbow, pulling him forcefully to a halt. He stumbled back a few steps. "What the hell Granger?!""The light's green!"Draco furrowed his eyebrows highly confused. Since when were they talking about lights or colors? He wanted to scream at her again, but the strange look of realization on her face made him pause. He watched her close her eyes."Traffic lights." Hermione sighed. Pointing towards the rectangular boxes lodged a few feet off the ground, she turned back to look at Malfoy. "It tells the cars when to move." She paused again to point at the rushing vehicles. "So when they move, you stop and wait. When the lights turn red, it means the cars stop, then you're free to cross the street.""What kind of ridiculous system is that?!"Hermione could feel several eyes on them from pedestrians who were also waiting to cross the street. She could only imagine how ridiculous they looked as she explained traffic rules to a grown man."It's how it works." She responded through gritted teeth, trying her best to quiet down her voice, hoping the Malfoy heir would get the hint."What a load of bollocks!""Malfoy!" Hermione hissed, shifting her eyes towards the crowd around them.Opening his mouth to retort, Draco felt himself get pushed forward as the people started walking towards the other side of the street. "What the-""Light's red. Time to cross." Hermione rolled her eyes, opting to keep one hand on his arm to make sure he wouldn't do anything stupid. She wanted to laugh at how amusing it was to watch him navigate through the muggle world – eyes darting all over the place confused and irritated. It looked like a scene out of a movie. But she knew she had to reel herself in. She could only aggravate him further before he finally snaps.Draco eyed the sign that read 'St. James Park'. He was about to demand that she start talking, but the strange array of people within their vicinity shocked him. A half-naked man was running though the cemented pathway, but no one bothered to tell him to wear a shirt. He saw a group of women in very tight clothing standing on thin colorful rectangular mats on the grass, doing strange provocative poses out in broad daylight. A group of children were holding balls of string attached to what he assumed were cloth-based… No. He squinted. Were they made of paper?Hermione continued to watch him from the corner of her eye, doing her best to swallow down the laughter that was bubbling out of her throat. A culture shock Malfoy was definitely something she'd pay good money to see.The sound of a throat clearing brought Draco's attention back to the petite woman before him. She still had her hand on his arm even as they slowed down their pace. He pulled himself out of her grasp, watching her still in place a few steps across from him."We're going to go around historical landmarks. I'm going to act as your guide, and you're going to act as a willing participant." Hermione paused to emphasize her point.Draco opened his mouth to retort, but he was met with a silencing hand. He absolutely hated it whenever she would quiet him down with a gesture! She wasn't his mother or his governess for Merlin's sake!"First of all, I didn't tell you because I know you wouldn't agree." Hermione paused to fold her arms on her chest defensively. "Second of all, before you decide to act all prissy, I'll have you know that the likelihood of having a couple of eyes on us during this tour is high."Draco's eyes failed to hide his surprise at the unexpected development. "Who?" He watched her smirk arrogantly at him."Now, where would all the fun be if you knew?"He narrowed his eyes at the petty way she threw his words back at him. "The type to hold a grudge, Granger?" Came his mocking tone."A little bit." She shrugged before walking away.Draco stared at her retreating back incredulously. Was she seriously just going to leave him wherever and whenever she felt like it? "Where the hell are you going?"Hermione paused to point a finger at herself. "Tour guide remember? Now let's get going. I'd like to finish before lunch."Draco could only grumble to himself as he stalked after her, bottling the rest of his anger down. If her words were to be trusted, then it was unwise for them to have a row where people could see them. Merlin only knew who could be watching. He clicked his tongue in annoyance. He palmed the flask tucked in his coat's breast pocket, itching for a shot. He hated to admit it, but her plan made sense. No one would believe that he would venture into the muggle world of his own volition. If someone were to catch him here, with Hermione Granger nonetheless, the rumor mills would go crazy.Hermione glanced at Malfoy through the corner of her eyes as she pretended to stare at the horizon. They were at the last attraction, The London Eye. She expected him to throw a fit, panic, threaten to murder her, when she explained to him what they would do. She never thought he would be perfectly fine entering the compartment, despite it being more packed than usual because of the weekend.She took note of the clothes he had worn once again – a dark green cashmere jumper with a V-neck that showed off a bit of his collar bones, grey slacks, camel Dragonhide boots, and a matching grey blazer folded across his shoulder. He had his hands in his pockets, eyes busy taking in the view.He'd been silent throughout the tour, only nodding his head as she talked, asking the occasional question. She could tell his Occlumency was in place. His face was an impassive mask, and his demeanor was cold but compliant.They passed through the Big Ben, the Tower of London, Buckingham Palace, The Tower Bridge, and the British Musuem. They even rode a taxi and a bus; but other than the rigid way he held himself inside the vehicles, he said nothing. She didn't know what she would have liked more, this silent version of him, or the one that never ceased to complain. She sighed. At least the chatty Malfoy didn't have to make her guess what he thought."Something you want to say?"Hermione shifted her full attention towards Malfoy. His eyes were on her, still void of any emotion."You're oddly compliant."He scoffed. "What other choice do I have?"Hermione narrowed her eyes in annoyance at the accusatory tone. "You could have left at any moment.""Let's see… Why didn't I think of that?" Draco paused to pull a hand out of his pocket, stroking his chin in a gesture of contemplation. "Oh, that's right. I don't have a portkey."Hermione felt her face grow hot at the sarcasm he threw her way. "You could have asked-""And you would have denied.""What makes you so sure-" She paused, realizing her voice had risen throughout their exchange, earning a couple of glances over their way. She released a calming breath. "I would have obliged if you asked, Malfoy."He shrugged as he placed his hand back in his pocket, eyes stuck to the expanse of the city once again. "Of course you would have."She grit her teeth to stop herself from firing her own sarcastic remark. "This is the last destination. We're just going to head off to a restaurant then-""We can skip it. I'm not hungry."Hermione smirked. "Oh trust me. This is one you wouldn't want to miss. If you do, then all this would have been for naught."That seemed to reel his attention back in. "Explain.""We'll be joined by two wonderful guests." Hermione began, turning her head to see that Malfoy had already been looking at her. "By 'joined' I mean, they have no idea we'll making an appearance, of course."Draco lifted a brow in inquiry. "Are you finally going to let me in on who we're putting on a show for?"Hermione glanced back at the horizon, smirk still in place. "Remember how you said you wanted things between us to spread by 'word of mouth'?"Draco nodded, his eyes never leaving the warm ones that looked across the city. He blinked. The sunlight made them look a bit more amber that they usually were. He shook his head. "And?""And who do we know that is best at spreading gossip?"Hermione turned her head, watching the realization finally hit Malfoy. The mask of indifference fell off his face. His smirked now mirrored her own."The twins."She nodded. "The twins."Hermione knew Malfoy was smart, but she never truly knew to what extent until this day. It took a lot for her not to gape at him both in awe and annoyance at how easily he remembered all the things she had rambled about earlier in the day. She wasn't even aware that he was listening! But now, he had created a monologue that made him sound like he was an enthusiastic tourist roaming around the heart of muddle London.Tugging on her sleeve to relieve some annoyance, she had forgotten she'd been wearing Malfoy's grey blazer. It was at least two sizes bigger than her, making her look like a little kid in adult clothing. She wanted nothing more than to tear it off her, but remembered they needed to put on a show."Bloody fascinating!" He finished as he shook his head, a grin on his face as he sipped his tea.Bloody fascinating her ass. Hermione had to hand it to him, the git was a good actor. He probably could live as one in the muggle world. She paused to study his features as he sipped his tea. His hair was much longer than it was back in school. It now reached the back of his neck, still swept back but softer. The long strands of his fringe fell across his face reaching his chin, while some were tucked under his ear. He had a clean face with aristocratic features, and a grace that matched. She never really paid any notice before, and she hated to admit it now, but she finally understood why most girls went for him. Not that it made him any less of a bastard."Hermione?"She blinked. "What?""Everything alright?"Did he just call her by her name? Hermione cleared her throat as she absentmindedly began to stir her now stale tea. "Yes, sorry. Was distracted for a moment there."She watched him grin at her. She blinked. His expression was so open, so relaxed, so… un-Malfoy."Finally realizing how handsome I am?"Nope. He was still Malfoy alright. Hermione rolled her eyes, but she knew the gesture lacked the bite she initially intended it to have. "Do you ever get tired of talking yourself up?" He was chuckling now; grey eyes sparkling in amusement."Not to you, Hermione. Not to you."She felt an odd sensation at the pit of her stomach, prompting her to take a sip of her tea. She'd forgotten that the contract required them to refer to each other by their first names when in the presence of others. Not one to back down, she stared at him straight in the eye and imitated his grin. "Whatever, Draco."She sensed him pause for a moment, his smile fell ever so slightly before he reached for his tea to take a sip as well.Realizing that he was just as uncomfortable as she was at the sudden name change, she decided to shift the topic. "Are they still there?" She whispered."They've been gawking at us the moment they walked in. That was around ten minutes ago." Draco smirked, pretending to eye his half eaten scone, pushing at it with a knife. "Since then, they've been holding those tiny metal things that flip or slide open."Hermione felt her entire body freeze. Grabbing her bag as calmly as she could, she fingered through its contents. She raised a folded titanium block to her side; a small monochrome screen on top showed the time. "You mean like this?"Draco nodded. "Yes. The one you used to hail one of those cars." He paused to recall what they were called. "Taxis." He added almost instantly, a small satisfied smile on his face. "You said it makes you call the company that sends those."Hermione closed her eyes in dread. She never expected the Patil twins to be updated with muggle technology. "We need to leave. Now."Draco tried his best to don an agreeable expression, inquiring surreptitiously with his eyes. He stood up pulling out the muggle currency from his pocket; glad that Granger had the presence of mind to hand him the money before they went in. "Is this enough?"Hermione glanced at the cash he left on the table and nodded, not bothering to explain that he had placed too much. They had bigger problems at hand. "That's fine." She forced a tight smile as she began to head to out.Hermione felt a hand on the small of her back, guiding her gently towards the door. She wanted to tell him to back off, but she knew the Patil twins had their phones following their every move. She clenched her jaw, choosing to focus on getting to the exit instead.The moment they stepped out of the café, Hermione started walking away as quickly as she could without looking back."Care to explain to me why we're in such a rush, Granger?"Malfoy's tone was annoyed, but she could tell he knew he needed to follow her lead. He kept his hand on her back as they stalked through the streets of muggle London."I'll explain in a minute. First we need to make sure the twins aren't right behind us."Draco nodded as they crossed the street, taking note to check the traffic lights this time. Hermione tried to suppress a grin, but he had seen her amusement. She felt him push his hand against her back a little, causing her to stumble awkwardly. She turned to glare at him, but the way his eyes were looking away feigning discretion made her scoff at his childishness. "Very mature Malfoy."After a couple more minutes of walking, they entered an abandoned alley. Pulling out the portkey, Hermione grabbed Malfoy's arm and activated it without a word of warning.Malfoy cursed at the pulling sensation as they landed back at the garbage site. "Fucking couldn't even give a signal Granger?!" He spat out as a hand massaged his temples, still lightheaded from the sudden movement.Turning around, he watched her grumbling form, doubled over with both hands on her knees. He scowled, pacified that she was just as disoriented as he was."We need to talk." She groaned in discomfort. Feeling a hand on her shoulder, she gasp at the familiar feeling of apparition.She fell on her knees as she landed on the floor, hands out to stop the rest of her body from crashing. Turning her head towards the sound of a groan, she eyed Malfoy sprawled on the floor in front of her. His back was against the sofa, his feet were stretched out, and his head was in his hands. It seems they were back in his temporary living arrangement."You stupid git! You could have splinched us!"Draco had both his palms pressing against his eyes, not bothering to gratify her with a reply.Standing up to move towards the chair a few paces from her, Hermione could only groan.A heavy silence filled the room as they both tried to collect their bearings."Explain."Hermione turned her attention to the slumped wizard right across from her. Other than the deep calming breaths he took, he made no further movements. "Explain what?"Raising his head off his hands, he glared back in annoyance. "Why the hell were we running from the Patil twins?"Hermione felt the dread comeback ten-fold. She sighed as she pulled out her phone. "This, is a cellphone. It's a form of muggle technology that is used for a myriad of things."Draco groaned. "I'm not in the fucking mood for another one of your rambling lectures Granger!"Ignoring his outburst, Hermione began to tap on her phone.Draco narrowed his eyes when he heard a soft click. "What the hell was that?"Hermione remained silent as she held up the device, facing it right at him. Another click."Granger, I swear to Merlin if you don't explain things this instant, I'm going to shove that rectangular box down your throat." Another clicking sound reached his ears. Draco was livid now. Ignoring the throbbing of his head, he stood to move towards her, grabbing her by the wrist to look at the phone. The strength of the gesture forced her to stand.Just as their eyes met, Hermione turned the device around to show him what she had done.Draco stared wide-eyed at his enraged figure on the tiny screen she held in her palm."This can take photographs. It's not as good as a camera, but clear enough to make out faces. It's basically like the ones you've seen during our muggle studies back in school." Hermione paused to glare at him meaningfully. "I assume you're smart enough to figure out the rest?"Draco released her wrist from his grasp, watching as she rolled it against her chest. The fingers of her other hand moved to cradle it gently. He sighed, feeling his anger dissolve. He didn't expect the gesture would force her to her feet. "I didn't mean for it to hurt. "She looked at him in surprised, unsure of how to respond. She blinked several times before squaring her shoulders and glaring at him. "Well it did."Draco felt a strange compulsion to apologize further, but he held it down. He ran a hand through his hair as he moved towards the liquor table, uncorking a bottle of firewhiskey before tipping it over his mouth. He didn't bother to grab a glass.Hermione narrowed her eyes at the scene. Was he an alcoholic? She moved her hand towards the left breast pocket of his jacket she still wore. She could feel the outline of what lay hidden underneath. She uncapped it during a bathroom break, and the strong scent that wafted through could only be one thing – firewhiskey. But judging by the weight of the silver flask, the contents seemed untouched."So they have concrete proof.""Yes." Hermione glanced at Malfoy's back. He had one hand on the table, the other dangling on his side, holding on the bottle of liquor. "But I think the photographs wouldn't turn out that well since they were quite a distance away.Draco corked the bottle before placing it back on the table. Turning around, he leaned back against it, folding his arms on his chest. "What do you suggest we do?""Well..." Hermione blinked in surprise. She definitely didn't expect him to ask her opinion. "There's nothing we can do."Draco nodded in agreement. "Let's expect those footages will be all over the news tomorrow." He emphasized, his eyes on her gauging her reaction."That much is expected." Hermione sighed as she sank back down on the chair, recalling the events at the cafe.Draco stayed silent, his gaze on her was unwavering.Hermione couldn't help but roll her eyes as she peeled off the blazer he loaned her, chucking it over the couch unceremoniously. "Relax. I'm not going to freak out." She flopped down the chair closest to her."Oh?""I planned this, remember? Sure, I didn't expect that they knew of muggle technology, but it doesn't change the presumption that they would spread this rumor much faster than either of us can predict.""The weekend news is the worst you know. Everyone has so much time to gossip." Draco stalked slowly towards the couch opposite the chair she lounged on. "Come Monday, this will be the talk of the town.""Malfoy." Came her annoyed tone. "I'm not stupid. I get what's going to happen.""As long as you understand." Draco sat down, crossing one leg over the other as he folded his arms. "The last thing I need is you hyperventilating, demanding we call off this whole thing. After all, you did put a clause in the contract-"Hermione scoffed. "I know Malfoy. I amended the damn thing."Realizing that they were heading towards another argument, Draco decided it would be in their best interest to shift the discussion. He cleared his throat. "So tell me. How exactly did you know that the Patil twins would be at that restaurant, at that specific time, on this day?""I was shopping at the Apothecary earlier last week when I overheard Parvati and Susan Bones chatting about that restaurant and how delicious the scones were. She went on to talk about how she was bringing Padma along today at noon to try them.""Earlier last week?" Draco began with amusement in his tone. "That was prior to our first date."Hermione wanted to roll her eyes at the mention of their 'first date', but decided to ignore it all together. "Obviously." She watched him eye her intently, his initial light demeanor turned serious. His eyes were searching hers, as if debating whether he would say whatever it was he wanted to tell her."We could have skipped that entire tour. We could have headed straight for the restaurant." He paused, gauging her reaction.Hermione allowed herself to smirk. "Yes. We could have. But you have to admit, having you gush over muggle London made the entire thing more believable." She watched him blink at her, his expression unchanging."You could have just given me information to memorize." He challenged. "Why go through all that trouble? It was unnecessary.""Oh but your expression was perfect. After all, genuine reactions are always better than fake ones." Hermione watched with silent fascination as his face hardened. She raised an eyebrow, daring him to retort. After all, he wasn't the only one with an infallible memory. She watched his jaw clench tightly, restraining himself from rising to her bait.Draco took a moment to rethink his response. It was annoying how skilled she was at using his words against him. It was as if she was always waiting for the perfect opportunity to piss him off. He sighed, letting go of his initial irritation, allowing himself to chuckle a little. "I have to admit, I'm touched. No one has ever put that much effort for me on a date." Came his patronizing tone.Ignoring his sarcasm, Hermione replied with a saccharine smile. "So how was your first experience in the world of lowly muggles, your highness?"Draco raised an eyebrow at the none-too-subtle jab. "I definitely could have used better company."Hermione blinked. Was he making a joke? Him. Draco Malfoy. Pureblood elitist. Hater of anything and everything muggle-related. Lightly commenting on his trip to the muggle world? "So you wouldn't have minded as much if you had gone with someone else?" She challenged, her tone a tad bit incredulous.Realizing his slip, Draco chose to shrug in reply. He could feel her eyes boring into his as he cleared his throat and motioned towards the floo. "If there's nothing more we need to discuss…"Hermione took a deep breath, eying him one last time. She could tell she would get nothing more out of him. Disappointed, she headed for the heap of green powder stowed by the side of the fireplace. She wanted him to answer her question. She wanted to ask him to clarify what he meant. But a part of her wasn't sure she was ready to have this conversation with him. There was no point in trying to test whether his ideals and beliefs have shifted. But she'd be damned if she wasn't curious.Hermione turned around, offering a stiff nod of goodbye.Draco kept his gaze away from her, ignoring the gesture he saw her give him from the corner of his eye. As she disappeared into the green flames, a foreign sense of discomfort lodged itself into the pit of his stomach. What in the world came over him?"Explain this!"Theo jumped at the feeling of something slap against his chest. He glanced down at the crumpled copy of the Prophet pressed against his torso, clearly mishandled. He sighed. "Why hello, Theo! So nice of you to come as soon as you got that howler I sent you first thing in the morning! Would you care for some breakfast? Or perhaps some tea and biscuits?" He paused, raising a mocking eye brow. "It's common courtesy, Pansy. Though I should have known by now not to expect that from someone like you.""I'm not in the mood, Theo!" Pansy released her hold on the paper to fold her arms across her chest.Theo scrambled to catch the slipping sheets much to his dismay. "Neither am I. I woke up to the sound of your voice, for crying out loud! A letter would have-""Draco and Granger." Pansy cut him off through gritted teeth, pointing towards the photo on the page the Nott heir clipped under his elbow.Stacking the sheets of paper as neatly as he could, Theo placed the photo on the top of the pile. He eyed its frozen quality with interest. It was undoubtedly taken by a muggle device. It had a grainy quality to it, and the details were a tad bit blurry, but that shade of blonde hair and those distinctive grey eyes could only belong to one man. He scanned the rest of the article offhandedly."Are you sure it's them?" He heard her scoff at his question. "This does look like Draco. But he's never been to the muggle world so…""That's him! There's no mistaking it!""Then how are you so sure that this one's Granger? All I can see is the back of the woman's head.""She can glamour that bush all she wants, but I know. Call it intuition, Theo, but I'm sure I'm right. Besides, I ran into Millie the other day and she told me Astoria had seen them with her own eyes." Pansy paused to emphasize her point. "Having dinner. Now you better start talking-""Why Pans! I had no idea you and Bullstrode-"Pansy clicked her tongue. She really didn't have the patience to deal with his theatrics at the moment. "Start. Talking." She noticed him pause to eye her appraisingly. She knew he knew something. As much as she hated to admit it, the Nott heir was the only person Draco treated as an equal back at Hogwarts. They may have been in the same circle, but Draco would choose to surround himself with henchmen, while Theo preferred isolation as the better company. But in the few times she's seen them interact, there had been something akin to fondness she's never seen Draco express towards anyone else.Pansy took a step towards him, shoving a finger roughly on his chest. "I have the right to know!"Theo couldn't stop the amused snort that left his lips. "On what grounds?"Pansy fumed, torn between turning away in embarrassment and shaking him into submission. The look he gave her only angered her more. "I'm not letting you leave until you tell me everything!"Theo sighed, moving to flop down on the pearl-colored leather couch. "Why don't you just ask Draco?""As if he would tell me anything!" Pansy stomped her way to the end of the couch, sitting by the Nott heir's crossed feet. She slammed a fisted hand on one of his shins.Theo yelped, folding his injured leg up to massage the pain away. "That hurt!" He swiped his good leg against her backside, causing her to fall off the couch and onto the floor ungracefully."You little shit!"Theo bolted up, crossing his legs underneath him to steady himself. "You started it!"Pansy shrieked loudly in frustration, pushing her back against the couch, slamming her fisted hands against the tiled floor.Theo rolled his eyes at the dramatic scene before him, moving back to lean against the armrest. "I thought you said you were over Draco?""I am!"He glanced incredulously at the resolute expression she sent back at him. "Then what the hell is this…" He paused to gesture a hand at the entirety of her figure. "…All about?"Pansy turned around to slam a fist against the couch. "Just because I'm over him, doesn't mean I don't care!""And how is this…" Theo paused again, gesturing both palms out towards her. "Caring?""She doesn't deserve him!"Theo scrunched his eyebrows, getting an idea of where this conversation was heading. "Why?"Pansy gave him a knowing look. "You know why.""No, I don't." He challenged.Pansy huffed through her nose. "I have nothing against Muggles, but-""And that is how every racist and discriminatory statement begins." Theo cut her off."Draco has the responsibility to uphold two pureblooded lines. Two. The Malfoys and the Blacks. If he marries a muggle, those two families would never be pure again. He would singlehandedly end what his ancestry's worked so hard to preserve all these years!""Would that really be so bad?""What?" Pansy's voice was barely above a whisper, unsure of why the Nott heir seemed to be taking light of the entire situation. She watched him get off the couch silently; his gaze on her was unreadable and unsettling."If there's one thing the war's taught me, Pansy, it's that blood is all the same."End of chapter 8!I would like to point out that based on the timeline of this story (a little over two years after the second war ended, which means it would be the year 2000), camera phones started being manufactured. As for the accuracy in terms of months, I let it slide under the guise of creative freedom! :pAlso, I'd like to disclose that I have a tendency to rewrite/edit chapters while the story is ongoing (don't worry no major plot changes happen).With that said, thank you for reading! Reviews and constructive criticism are highly appreciated :)

"I think it's about time we've made a public appearance.""Come again?" Hermione blinked at the unexpected statement. The hand cradling her tea paused just a few inches from her lips. Ever since those photographs began circulating three weeks ago, they've done nothing but deny the issue. They even went as far as agreeing to forego their scheduled weekly date, as well as avoid any unnecessary outdoor errands. She even opted to have all her groceries delivered because of the shear amount of press hounding her the moment she stepped out of her house. Work at the hospital took her mind off things, but after clocking out, she was hauled back to the world of gossip and intrigue."The enthusiasm from the press is dwindling. I think now would be the perfect time to stage something else to get them talking."Hermione raised a brow at his statement. She was still sure she spotted a head or two with a camera loitering outside her apartment just last night, but it was a welcome change from the initial five to ten reporters. "I thought you said no public appearances?""Not in the way you think."Hermione folded her arms across her chest. The smirk Malfoy sent her way made her feel suspicious. "What do you have in mind?""A series of accidental run ins throughout the span of the next three to four weeks." Draco eyed the contemplative look she gave him."And what exactly would those achieve?""Confusion." He answered, as if that one word explained the entirety of his plan. The incredulous look on her face gave him a strange sense of satisfaction. "The photos proved that I was in the muggle world, which, unsurprisingly, gained positive responses from the masses. But they don't exactly verify that it was you I was with, even if those 'confidential sources' claim you were." He snorted, surprised that the Patil twins had enough self-preservation skills to not let Skeeter drop their name into the article. "So how do you suppose people will react, if say, we ran into each other at the apothecary acting completely nonchalant and detached from one another?"Hermione tilted her head to one side, tucking her hair behind one ear, deciphering what angle Malfoy wanted to work with given this idea of his. "So, you want us to act like we're merely acquaintances?""Yes.""And that would result to what exactly?"Draco allowed himself to chuckle at her lack of imagination. "Dialog.""About?" She pushed on, still obviously unacquainted with what he was trying to point out.Draco sighed. Her knowledge of the social world was very unbecoming for someone who was supposedly the brightest witch of her age. "What year was Hogwarts founded?""990 A.D." Hermione answered instantaneously; glaring at Malfoy as if he'd grown another head. "What does that have to do with-""What if, one day, they suddenly publish an article saying that it was actually a year later instead?" Draco watched the scandalized look on her face with unbridled amusement."What? That's impossible! All records concretely point to 990 A.D.! They'd have to present their sources, as well as create strong counterarguments against all the writings that came before it. They'd have to-""Which brings me back to my point." Draco paused, sending her a superior look. "Dialog." He watched her narrow her eyes at him, still entertained by the prickly expression on her face. "The obscene amount of articles published about us over the last couple of weeks have been pushing the public to believe that we are, in fact, in some sort of 'secret relationship'. So imagine their surprise when all of a sudden, we both prove that we aren't."Hermione folded her arms across her chest. He wasn't making any sense. "If we prove that we aren't, wouldn't that be counterintuitive to your goal?""No. Because by then, their curiosity would spike. Why aren't we involved? After St. Mungos, after the supposed date Astoria caught us in, after I went as far as go all the way to the muggle world where the Patil twins stole photographs of us. Why would we deny it this whole time? Why would we be caught in public acting like we couldn't give a damn about each other?"Hermione was beginning to understand the point of the entire conversation. Operating on the assumption that they shouldn't be together, the only option for a relationship like theirs would be one shrouded in secrecy. Their incessant denial would only incriminate them further. Their lies would serve as clues towards the entire truth, especially to people like Astoria, the Patil twins, and Skeeter, who actually had solid proof. "And then what?""And then we continue with our scheduled weekly dates." Draco shrugged. "Though we'd have to be a bit more strategic with who we plan on revealing ourselves to."Hermione hummed softly, looking down at the grey and white fur carpet she had gotten used to staring at over the past few weeks. She had to admit it was a good plan. It fell in line with who they were as individuals, the same way it coincided with the situation their lives were both in at the moment. "I take it you've already drawn out a plan for this?""I made a compilation of places I usually visit."Hermione reached for the paper he offered her, eying the names of shops in Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade that he frequented."Take note of what we have in common. We need to accidentally run into each other at places we're already regulars at. That way it wouldn't be suspicious."Hermione wanted to roll her eyes as she scanned the list that was nearly two columns long. Most of them were members only, and required an exorbitant amount of money to even be considered patrons. She sighed. "Flourish and Blotts. The Apothecary. Honeydukes. Scrivenshaft's." She called out one by one, before dropping the paper onto the glass coffee table. "That's pretty much all we have in common."Draco nodded, secretly glad they at least had four shops to work with. "Do you visit them routinely?""I head to Flourish and Blotts sometimes after work just to browse." She paused, recalling the potions in the medicine closet she had at her study back home. "For the Apothecary, I usually place in an order a few days before, then pick it up on the weekend when I have more time. It should be easy to stage a run in at either of those stores."Draco nodded. "I head to the Apothecary once to twice a week, usually on weekdays. But it shouldn't be that odd for me to drop by on a weekend." He paused when he saw her throw him a small look of surprise. "What?""You don't have them delivered to your manor?"Draco rolled his eyes at her presumption. "I prefer to pick out my ingredients in person. You of all people should know how much the quality of each material affects the overall potency of the potion."Hermione said nothing, recalling a memory she had of him back at Hogwarts. The only time she ever saw him exhibit a strange, quiet sort of satisfaction, was when he was at Potions. She remembered it clearly because it unnerved her that he was capable of such an expression. "Why do you go to the Apothecary so often?" She watched him eye her skeptically."Why so many questions, Granger?""I was just curious." She shrugged. His defensive demeanor made her interest grow even more. He was an unemployed adult with a trust fund that basically had him, and the next few generations of his family, set for life. What did he need all those ingredients for?"Fine. If you must know, I personally make all the potions utilized in the manor."His response surprised her a bit. She wondered just how extensive his supply storage was. Did he stick to basic first aid? Or did he go as far as brewing potions used to counteract poisons and dark curses? How about ones used by magical creatures like Wolfsbane? Or the ones that were basically used for interrogation like Veritaserum? Did he have useless ones like Amortentia? Or more complex ones like Felix Felicis and Polyjuice? But before she could ask any further, Malfoy redirected the conversation back on track."How about Honeydukes and Scrivenshaft's?""I go to Honeydukes twice a month to replenish my candy stash at work, and once a month at Scrivenshaft's to get my printed prescription pads. I just went to Honeydukes last week so I'm not due for another visit anytime soon, but I'm scheduled to head to Scrivenshaft's next weekend."Draco nodded, taking a moment to digest all the information. "Where do you think would be the best place to start?"Hermione paused to think about her schedule for the following week. "I'm actually supposed to head to the Apothecary this Sunday to pick up a set of potions I ordered.""Perfect." Draco looked pleased. He hadn't dropped by the Apothecary this week because of the riot the press caused the previous time he had gone out for an errand. "What time?""10 in the morning.""I'll be there by 9:30. You said something about Scrivenshaft's next weekend?""Ah, right. My pads. I'm scheduled to pick them up next Saturday at one in the afternoon."Draco folded his arms across his chest. What could he possibly use as an excuse to drop by the stationary store? He was definitely not out of paper or quills. "I can have a few of the Malfoy wax seals restored. I can purchase some wax as well while I'm at it.""Okay. I can head to Flourish and Blotts that following Friday since my shift ends by five in the afternoon."Draco looked pensive for a moment, before he nodded his agreement. "I can drop by around 5:30. Then maybe we can meet the following week at Honeydukes?"Hermione nodded. It seemed like a solid three-week plan."Now for the script."Hermione blinked. "I'm sorry, what?""The script." Draco reiterated, as if it was more than enough of an explanation. "We can't just bump into each other and wing it. We don't exactly have the best chemistry." He snorted. "We need to plan the discourse."Hermione wanted to roll her eyes, but she knew he had a point. Without a premade conversation, they would probably only end up arguing in public. She sighed."So this is what I had in mind."Draco rounded a corner in search for the longtime shopkeeper. "Do you happen to have any new stock of unicorn horns, Henry? I don't see them by the-" His grey eyes met familiar brown ones. He saw her head in several minutes ago, and gave her enough time to head to the counter to chat with the old man before he revealed himself. He could tell she was a bit uncomfortable, but that in itself was to their advantage."Granger." He nodded. He could practically feel all pairs of eyes on them. The Apothecary was more packed than usual."Malfoy." She nodded back.Draco knew that they would be the center of attention at some point during their exchange, but he never imagined it would be this intense. People literally stopped shopping just to stare at them, waiting for their next move. He cleared his throat, glancing back at Henry. "The unicorn horns?""Ah yes, uh…" The shopkeeper paused to look at Hermione for a second."It's alright Henry, I can wait."Draco glanced at both of them momentarily, before he turned his attention back to sheepish old man. "I'll come back after a few minutes." With that, he took his leave. He felt the apothecary spring back to life as people began to scurry back to their errands. He wanted to roll his eyes at their lack of subtlety.He watched her take her pre-ordered potions from the corner of his eye, before heading out the store. He could practically feel the buzz of the people in the room. He fought back a smirk."So I told that guy that he- Oh! Mr. Malfoy!"Hermione felt herself stiffen in surprise at the loud acknowledgement the middle-age woman shot out. "It's so nice to see you!" Hermione could feel the receptionist's gaze shift between her and Malfoy, a knowing smile on her face. "It's been awhile!""Unfortunately, Charlotte, it hasn't been long enough. I need these refurbished." Hermione heard him say with a flat tone as he passed a black velvet bag across the counter, pretending not to notice she was there. She heard the woman giggle at his obvious jab, swiping her hand up in the air. "Oh Mr. Malfoy, always the joker!"Hermione scoffed on cue. How on earth Malfoy could have predicted the woman's response to any of his sarcastic retorts was beyond her; but it seems they've known each other for quite some time now. She noticed him turn to look at her from the corner of her eye, looking genuinely surprised. The damn git was an annoyingly talented actor."Why, if it isn't Hermione Granger."He was just supposed to say her last name. She wanted to glare at him and tell him to stick to the damn script, but she could tell all eyes were on them. "Malfoy." She replied, not bothering to spare him a glance, keeping her attention on the stationary handbook she had been perusing since the moment she entered the shop. Charlotte was a chatterbox and would always end up telling her some story about some customer, or some person she met at a bar, and so on. It had been a well-established part of her routine to check out the shop's free catalogs until the older woman finally ceased her incessant gossiping."Something you want to say?" He challenged."I beg your pardon?" She raised a brow in retaliation, throwing him a sideward glance."Charlotte's comment about me seemed to have amused you."Hermione scoffed again on cue. "I was amused by a design on this catalog." She paused to raise the booklet for emphasis. "Not everything is about you, Malfoy."She could hear the people around them begin to whisper at the scene. Even Charlotte was silent for once, gazing intently at the two of them in excitement."Is that so?" He drawled as he leaned his forearm against the counter, angling his body to face hers. "Care to share what's gotten you so entertained?""There are several of these for free by the side of the counter." Hermione responded indifferently; her eyes once again glued to the pages, scanning idly. "I'm sure Charlotte will be more than happy to assist you." Her gaze on the older woman seemed to have woken her up from her silence."Oh-uh, yes of course, Mr. Malfoy!" She moved to grab one of the booklets, offering it to him instantly. "We have new stationary designs that just came out this week!"Draco raised a hand to stop her. "I'm sure Hermione wouldn't mind sharing hers with me." He paused to throw a lopsided grin in her direction. "After all, aren't we dating, love?"The earlier whispers had grown into full blown chatter by now. The use of her name shouldn't have been a part of that line, nor was that term of endearment. For once, Hermione was thankful for his ability to act like a complete asshole, making it unnecessary for her to fake disdain towards him. "Excuse me?" The strict tone of her voice cut through the growing noise, silencing everyone almost instantly."Why, that's all I've been hearing for the past couple of weeks or so!" Draco shrugged, smirking at her in a way that made her want to slap him."Then I suggest you take a hearing test, or better yet, a cognitive test. Something seems wrong with your brain." She watched him chuckle at her response.Ignoring him, Hermione turned her attention back to the middle-aged receptionist who looked like she had just won the lottery. "Charlotte, my prescription pads?" The irate tone of her voice sprung the woman into action."Oh! Of course, Ms. Granger! Right here." She hurriedly stuffed the pads into a parcel, before sliding them across the counter. She tapped it once awkwardly, grinning at Hermione, unsure of what else to say."Thank you." She nodded at the beaming woman, ignoring the look Malfoy was giving her as she turned to leave."What? No goodbye kiss?" She heard him tease just as she neared the exit. She knew that had been a part of the script, and she knew all she had to do was walk away wordlessly. But this was Malfoy, and a part of her really didn't want him to have the last word. If he was willing to go off script, then so was she.She turned around slowly, pausing by the door of Scrivenshaft's to send him one final glare. "Go fuck yourself, Malfoy." The unmitigated look of surprise on his face, and the way his lips parted made her feel so good about herself."We seriously have to stop meeting like this!"Hermione's hand paused in midair as she reached for a book on the top shelf. She sighed, dropping her arm back down to glare at Malfoy leaning against the corner of the bookshelf. The previous stint they pulled at Scrivenshaft's had been on the front page of Skeeter's tabloid. They only ever owled in between their planned run ins, but to say that they were both miffed at each other for deviating from the script was an understatement. This time, they agreed to follow their lines down to the letter."What now, Malfoy?" Came her aggravated tone."Now is that anyway to greet your lover?"It was a slow Friday afternoon for Flourish and Blott's, but she could tell that the patrons in the bookstore now had their attention on them. She clicked her tongue. Did Malfoy have to speak with such an infuriatingly loud tone? She walked away not bothering to gratify him with a response, just as they had planned.She started perusing the shelves in a different section of the bookstore in silence. She could see Malfoy follow her from the corner of her eye, stopping by the edge of the rack and leaning against it nonchalantly."Why am I not surprised that you're still a bookworm?" He teased. She ignored him. It was a line they argued over for quite some time when they drafted the script. In the end, it was the best choice over the other insults they thought he could throw at her. She could feel several people starting to hover around the area where they stood, probably hoping to eavesdrop on their conversation. "Never change, Granger. Never change." He added with amusement in his tone.She sighed, looking at him tiredly. "Don't you have anything better to do, Malfoy?"He shrugged, walking up to where she stood to glance at the section of books she'd been eyeing. He crouched down a bit to get a better look. His sudden closeness made her take a step back. "What?""None of these are familiar."Hermione raised a brow at the slightly aggravated expression on his face at not knowing a thing about an entire section of books. She rolled her eyes. He was going off script again, but this time, she was glad he was. She didn't initially plan this, but now that they were here, she was interested to see how he would respond. "That's because they're muggle." She saw him stiffen slightly, but it was gone as quickly it appeared."I see."Hermione expected him to throw her a subtle derogatory remark, or a minor sarcastic response that would be enough to piss her off, but not quite enrage her. So the silent way he was perusing the titles was an odd sight. The plan was to have her recommend a book to him about potions. But since they were already here, perhaps she could change that part of the script? She swallowed. Would she dare?"Ah, this I know." Draco pulled a book out of the shelf, flipping through it nonchalantly.Hermione failed to hide the surprise on her face as she watched him scan through a copy of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. "You know this book?" She asked incredulously."Theo wouldn't shut up about it. Said something about watching a play, and how tragic the entire story had been." Draco pushed the book back onto the shelf carelessly. "If anything, I think it was stupid."Hermione was incredibly curious about how Theodore Nott, of all people, managed to know about Shakespeare, let alone watch a play about Romeo and Juliet; but the urge to reshelf the book back to where it should have been took precedence. She was annoyed that Malfoy didn't have an ounce of courtesy in him."Faking one's death, then dying together? All for the sake of love?" He snorted. It was a load of bollocks alright. "Don't tell me you actually like these kinds of stories?""Not all of them talk about tragic love affairs and teenage hormones, Malfoy." She rolled her eyes. "Besides, I don't particularly like Romeo and Juliet.""What do you prefer then?"The question caught her off guard. Was he seriously doing this? Was he going to deviate from the script, and instead, have her recommend a muggle book for him? She could see that question surprised him too. He hid it well, but the slight panic in his eyes said it all. He probably saw it as an opportunity to proceed with the plan, but when he realized the implications of his actions, it had been too late.Hermione scanned the bookshelf quickly, figuring out what to pick before he could change his mind. It would be his first legitimate exposure to muggle literature. It needed to be something that could personally impact him; something he'd be able to relate to. Something-Hermione felt her heart skip a beat when her eyes landed on a title that told her it had to be it. Grabbing it off the shelf, she handed it to him with determination.Draco looked at her skeptically, surprised at the intense way she was staring at him. "Pride and Prejudice?" He plucked it off her grasp, flipping the book to eye the summary on its back cover.Hermione watched him raise an eyebrow at her, amusement dancing in his eyes. "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of great fortune, must be in want of a wife." He chuckled. "Is this a proposal, Granger?"Hermione said nothing, opting to shrug instead. She saw him glance at the book once again, before dropping the hand that held it to his side. She rolled her eyes. "You can put it back if you don't want it.""No. I think I'll take this."Hermione failed to hide her surprise once again. She blinked at the resolute expression on his face. They were back on script this time around. "Do what you want." With that final statement, Hermione walked out of the shop. Whether he bought it or not, she was unsure."Oh, Mr. Malfoy!" Mr. Flume greeted as he tipped his hat, raising a finger in the air as he scurried out of the counter, gesturing for the younger man to wait.Hermione eyed Mrs. Flume's sudden jovial disposition as she stood by the counter, calculating the purchase she had just made. For some reason, the mention of his name made people pause from their business to glance at them by the counter. The entertainment section of the news for the past couple of weeks had been filled with nothing but the two of them. Ginny was relentless at hounding her about what the deal was between them. She was honestly running out of lies to tell her.A few days ago, she finally allowed herself to reply to one of Harry's owls her for the first time in months. He was asking if they could meet this Sunday for brunch. She agreed, but she wasn't entirely sure she was ready to face him. Not after everything that's happened.Hermione sighed. It was a beautiful Saturday morning, but she couldn't even enjoy an ounce of peace. It was tiring having to keep up with all the gossip circulating about her and Malfoy. She barely even had time to sleep with all the work and research she'd been doing. And the latter hadn't been as fruitful as she hoped."Good morning Mrs. Flume." Came the bored drawl Hermione had gotten quite used to."Here for your mother's candies again, I presume? We got her letter a couple of days ago.""Yes, I-"Hermione eyed him from the periphery of her vision, watching him do a double take when he finally realized who it was he was standing next to. She wanted to roll her eyes at how natural he made the entire thing seem."I seriously have to ask, Granger." His tone was half amused, half incredulous. "Are you stalking me?"Hermione scoffed at the teasing tone of his voice. "I was here first.""Ah…" Draco nodded exaggeratedly. He casually leaned on the counter, scanning the package Mrs. Flume busied herself with. "Acid pops, Drooble's Best Blowing Gum, Toffee, Chocolate frogs, Jelly slugs…" He snickered. "I never pegged you as the type who enjoyed a nasty sugar rush.""They're not for me." She deadpanned."Then why are you buying them?""For my office. And for younger patients." She replied curtly. "Not that it's any of your business." She added."Here you go Mr. Malfoy."Mr. Flume came back from the storage, holding a huge packet of sweets Hermione's never seen before. They were green and white, small, cylindrical candies that looked hard and crunchy. "What are those?" She couldn't help but ask. She watched the older man pack them into a bag before handing them over to Malfoy."Custom made apple-flavored nougats for Mrs. Malfoy." Mr. Flume answered proudly. "The Missis has been procuring this for nearly two decades now!"She sighed. Why wasn't she surprised about the fact that the Malfoys could get Honeydukes to make them custom made sweets that weren't available to the public?"That'll be five sickles and 17 nuts, Ms. Granger."Hermione was just about to bring out her purse when Malfoy slid two galleons on the counter. He tilted his head towards the bag Mrs. Flume was just about to hand her. "This should be more than enough to cover everything."The old couple blinked at the unexpected gesture, before glancing at each other slyly. "Why of course, Mr. Malfoy!" Mrs. Flume grinned. It seems there was a certain level of truth to the rumors."Keep the change." He added, before throwing a nonchalant look over to Hermione. "In exchange for your book recommendation." He explained.Hermione rolled her eyes. "You don't have to, Malfoy. I can pay for myself." She insisted, moving to open her purse just like they planned. All he had to do next was walk out wordlessly.Draco eyed her fiddling with the coins in her purse. A slow smirk graced his features. "It is sometimes a disadvantage to be so very guarded. If a woman conceals her affection with the same skill from the object of it, she may lose the opportunity."Hermione blinked. Were her ears deceiving her, or did he just quote a line from Jane Austen? She gaped at his retreating back, utterly speechless. The fact that he had the audacity to accuse her of harboring any kind of affection towards him had been lost to her."I just wanted-""So what is this-"Harry and Hermione paused simultaneously at the awkwardness around both of them."Go on." Harry insisted, pushing a palm up towards her direction."It's fine, you can go first." Hermione argued, shaking her head resolutely.Harry sighed at how strangely uncomfortable they both were. "It's been a while, huh?" He rubbed his palms against his jeans, eying her new apartment casually. It was his first time here. She didn't even let him help her move after the fallout. "Thanks for finally agreeing to meet me."Hermione nodded. It's been nearly four months since they last talked. Ever since he took Ron's side during the breakup, she just couldn't bring herself to look at him. In one single instance, she was betrayed by two men she considered her closest and dearest friends. "What did you want to tell me?"Harry took a deep breath, braising himself. He took out a piece of paper, smoothing it open against the coffee table, moving his cup of tea out of the way to make more space. "You know how I'm not good at expressing myself and organizing my thoughts, right? So I figured I should write them down instead."Hermione eyed him wordlessly, watching him push his glasses up his nose, knees bouncing up and down restlessly."I've been doing a lot of thinking over the past few months. And I realized I haven't been fair to you. Not at all." He began. His eyes stayed on the paper, not once glancing up to look at her. "I took Ron's side because I saw how broken he'd been. How confused he was, and how much he wanted to fix things. He opened up to me a lot about the two of you, so I understood his side a lot better. But I want you to know that I didn't condone the fact that he cheated, even though I'm sure I made you feel like I did." He paused to take a breath, still unable to look her in the eye. "I'm sorry I never actually listened to you. Never actually made a point to hear your side of the story. What Ron was going through at that time, I was going through it too."Everything seemed to make sense to Hermione now. "You and Ginny broke up." She concluded. The silent nod she got from him as a reply felt final. There was no more going back. No more second chances."When I started looking at my life, and I mean really look at it, I realized I didn't know who I was." Harry continued, his eyes still on the paper full of his handwriting. "For once, I want to find out for myself. I wanted to be away from it all for a moment. I thought being on my own, without Gin, would have been enough. But somehow, it just isn't."Harry paused to pushed the rim of his glasses further up the bridge of his nose once again, a habit he did whenever he was nervous. "I filed a leave of absence for the next two months. It seems I've had that many accumulated." He allowed himself an empty chuckle. "I'll be staying in the muggle world for a while to try and figure things out alone. But before I do that, I want to fix things between us." He paused, finally allowing himself to glance at Hermione momentarily. "You are one of the most important people in my life, but my selfishness allowed me to push you away." His green eyes were back on her. This time, they were unmoving and shiny with unshed tears. "Please forgive me, Hermione. I know words will never be enough, but please believe me when I say I'll do anything to get another shot at being your friend."Hermione felt her heart ache at the sincerity of his gaze. A part of her already knew he would take Ron's side. After all, they were best friends. She had always just been another member of the group. But it still hurt. It was one thing to take Ron's side, but it was another thing entirely when he hadn't even bothered to understand to her perspective. Out of everybody she wanted on her side, Harry had been at the top of her list."I'm sorry Hermione. I really am." Harry was on his knees now, cradling both of her hands in his own. "I was selfish and stupid, and... And I projected a lot of my insecurities into the issues you and Ron were dealing with. I was only thinking of myself, and I hurt you."Hermione could only nod, not trusting herself to speak. She felt him wipe the small tears spilling from the corner of her eyes, before he enveloped her in a tight hug. She was so tired of being angry. So done with feeling disappointed, hurt and betrayed. She never realized how much she wanted an apology from him. She missed this. She missed Harry, more than she realized.As they pulled out of the hug, Hermione watched him grin sheepishly at her."So, are we friends again?"Hitting him squarely on the shoulder, she clicked her tongue. The gaze she sent him was a mixture of annoyance and fondness.Rubbing the soreness out of the perfectly aimed jab, Harry winced. "I'll take that as a yes." He sighed, before letting himself fall backwards on the floor. It's been a while since he felt this light."What are you doing?" Hermione chuckled, as she watched him stretch out, uncaring of the fact that he was wiping the dirt off her floor with his clothes."I feel like I can breathe again." He whispered with his eyes closed."Me too." She allowed herself to smile. "So you're really leaving?""Yeah.""Where to?"Harry sat back up, grinning widely. "Paris."Hermione chuckled at his enthusiasm. It had always been a goal of his to roam around Paris at one point in his life. "I see. What's the plan?""That's the best part." Harry paused, stretching his arms out to the sides in abandon as he shook his head. "There is no plan."She snorted at his answer. Staying in Paris for two months without a goal seemed like a nightmare to her, but for Harry who's lived his entire life planned out, it was definitely a welcome change. "I'll be here when you need me."Harry was caught off guard by how easily she uttered that sentence, as if it was a universal truth that could not be questioned. He clenched his jaw, holding back his tears. "Thanks Hermione. You have no idea how much that means to me." He moved off the floor to trap her in another hug.Hermione laughed as they fell backwards onto the couch. She couldn't remember the last time she'd been hugged this tightly. It was nice."So… I guess since we're back to being friends again, I can ask about the elephant in the room."Hermione turned her head to glance at the serious expression Harry had on his face. They were close enough for her to be able to count the wrinkles on his forehead. She wanted to laugh at the premature aging the war had caused all of them. "What?""You and Malfoy."Hermione failed to hide the surprise on her face. Rolling her eyes, she pushed herself out of the hug to sit up on the couch. He followed short after."There's nothing going on with me and Malfoy.""That's not what the news say."She raised a brow at him. "Who are you going to believe, me or Skeeter?""You, of course!" Harry answered instantly. "But the pictures…" He paused, gauging her reaction to his accusation. "They were you weren't they?" They may not have been on speaking terms for the last few months, but he could still easily tell her apart from every other woman in a crowded area."We just run into each other a lot." She shrugged.It was Harry's turn to raise a brow at her. "In muggle London?"The sincere look he was giving her was making her uncomfortable. It was always difficult to lie to Harry. He just had a way of looking at her that made her feel safe. For a second, she was just about ready to confess, but the sudden blockage in her voice reminded her of the nondisclosure agreement."So it was you back there with Malfoy." Harry concluded. Hermione had never been a good liar, but he could tell there was something she wasn't comfortable enough to divulge to him. "Is he threatening you?"She eyed him incredulously. "Do you think I would allow him to?"He stroked his chin in contemplation. "Blackmail?" He watched her roll her eyes in disbelief."What dirt could he possibly have on me?""Bribery, then?"Hermione scoffed to hide her discomfort. "As if I would ever be blinded by his money."Harry laughed out loud. "As if, right?"Hermione shook her head, folding her arms against her chest defensively. It was a good thing he hadn't been looking at her intently. He would have immediately called her bluff otherwise."So you're not involved with him?""We just run into each other, that's all." She insisted.Harry sighed. "Look, I'm not going to force you to tell me anything. I'm not here to lecture you, and I promise I'll try my best not to judge, alright? I just want to let you know that I trust you." He paused to grab her hand in his, intertwining their fingers in the process. "I just don't trust Malfoy. But I'd like to believe that you are a very good judge of character, so I'll have faith in whatever you decide." He took her other hand in his, moving to cradle both of them in his palms, squeezing them reassuringly. "No matter what, I'll always be here, okay? I won't let you down again. This time, I'm on your side. Now and forever."Hermione felt herself soften at his gaze. It's been a while since she last felt this supported. She never really realized how lonely she had been up until this moment. For the first time in a long time, she wasn't alone. "Thank you Harry. Really. That means the world to me." She jumped to crush him into another tight hug."Anything for you Hermione." Pulling out of the hug, he placed both his hands on her shoulders. "But I'm serious. If that ferret's being a rightful ass, you let me know, alright? In case you forgot, I happen to be an Auror, and I also happen to have the single most useful trump card of all time."Hermione raised an eyebrow at him skeptically. "What?"He shrugged. "I'm Harry Potter."Hermione rolled her eyes. It was one of the things neither of them loved to use, but when desperate times came, they did pull out the 'I'm' card."So say the word Hermione, and I'll come to your rescue!"She chuckled at his poorly done superhero impression. "Harry James Potter, since when have I ever needed to be rescued?""Well, well, well… Look at what the cat dragged in."Ginny twisted her head to glare at the owner of the voice who clearly directed that insult at her. She raised her drink at him mockingly. "Zabini. I see you're still sour over that Quidditch match."Blaise narrowed his eyes at the smug look the redhead gave him, annoyed at having been reminded of that one time she successfully knocked him off his broom. They were both chasers, making it illegal for either of them to touch the bludger. She, however, had been more than willing to undergo the five-second stun punishment in exchange for knocking him off his game. He scowled. The amount of Skelegrow he had to devour was mortifying. He never got her back for that. "What you lacked in talent, you made up through foul play. You should be grateful you're fractionally decent at Quidditch, and that the Holyhead Harpies are that desperate. Your OWLs were humiliating."Ginny had only ever intentionally broken the rules once during Quidditch. And it was all so she could get back at him for making fun of the fact that most of her Quidditch gear had been hand me downs. "Well, if this fractionally decent player was capable of outmatching you, then what does that make you?" She frowned at the self-important look on his face, itching to send another bludger right at him. "Besides, what on earth gave you the idea that my OWLs were humiliating?""Word gets around." Blaise paused to glance at his finger nails, uninterested. "Guess idiocy runs in the family." Snorting at how her older brothers seemed to have poor OWLs as well.Ginny watched him wink at a woman passing by, who sent him a lecherous gaze in return. She snorted. "I guess being a slut runs in the family too." She felt the air around him change, but she was already a couple of drinks in so she didn't particularly give a shit about his feelings. Not that she ever would, even if she were sober. "How many was it again?" She paused to glance at her well-manicured hands, mimicking his earlier gesture. "Six? Seven marriages?" She shrugged. "And all died of mysterious illnesses, leaving your family with a fortune good enough to last several generations." She wagged her eyebrows."You better shut the fuck up now, Weasley." His tone was low, quiet, but menacing; cutting through the noise of the rowdy bar.Ginny laughed uninhibitedly, proud of the fact that she was able to push the Zabini heir's buttons. "What? You can insult my family but I can't do the same to you?" She snorted. "At least mine no longer lives in poverty. Everything we have, we earned through legal means. But can you say the same for yours?" She felt him tense up, looking just about ready to wring her throat."Can't think of an answer to that, can you?" Ginny rolled her eyes chuckling to herself. She moved away from the bar with her drink in one hand, not bothering to wait for his response.Blaise watched her walk away, clenching both fists tightly to reel in his rage. He would make her pay.End of chapter 9!I've been mulling over the fact that this might end up longer than 15 chapters because I keep getting plot bunnies even though I've already ironed out the story T.T I can't promise anything for now, but when I do end up deciding to add more chapters, I'll edit the information right away to let you guys know!As usual, thank you for reading! Also, thank you to the wonderful comments you've left below. They make me so happy ^^

Blaise groaned at the light that flittered right onto his eyes, pissed at the fact that the hired help had once again forgotten to fully close the curtains in his room. That was the one thing he absolutely hated about the muggle world – the absence of reliable servants. No one could do housework as well as elves.He cracked open one eye to glare at the drapes, as if the gesture could force them shut. It was just his luck that the morning sun had been aimed perfectly on his face. The rest of the room was still shrouded in darkness. Clicking his tongue, he moved to step out of his bed, only to realize that his arm was stuck under something soft and warm. Turning his head, he groaned even louder, running his free hand over his face.He had one basic rule when it came to one night stands – never in his own house. Never in his own bed. He pulled his arm out as gingerly as he could, feeling smooth skin brush against his own. A soft feminine moan reached his ears. He had every intention of closing the curtains and getting more sleep, but he didn't want the woman to think that he was after something more than a quick shag.Creating as much noise as he could, he pulled at the cloth roughly, muttering a curse at the sudden brightness. That, plus the terrible headache his hangover gave him, made him swear out loud again. He turned around to salvage what was left of his vision.Rubbing his eyes to soothe them, he blinked a few times, silently taking note of the woman's blurred silhouette as she slowly roused from her slumber. She stretched her arms up in the air, yawning loudly without a care. He squinted at the muddled patch of red on the bed."I think you should go." Came his indifferent tone. He blinked tightly, still waiting for the clarity of his vision to return. He watched her pull the covers over body, looking down at herself in what he assumed was surprise. He snorted. If anyone should be surprised, it should be him. He had no idea how this woman managed to make him take her back home, but he would make sure it would never happen again.Blaise narrowed his eyes. The woman had yet to look at him but something about her felt familiar. Her head was still down, probably busy trying to piece together images of what happened last night. He cleared his throat to get her attention."Hey, listen-""What happened-"Blaise blinked. Once. Twice. Rubbed his eyes a few times. Squeezed them shut before opening them again. No. This had to be a joke. This couldn't be happening. Those brown eyes. That red hair. No way in hell was he starting at the face of an equally shocked Ginevra Weasley.They screamed in unison."These are a lot Hermione! Are you sure it's okay for you to donate all of these? Some of them look pretty new."Hermione smiled at the woman who beamed at the sight of all the things she brought for their monthly garage sale. "Of course, Mrs. Wilkins! Anything for the cause.""Oh please! I've told you time and again, just call me Monica!"Hermione glanced at the hand that now cradled her own. "Sorry, I always forget." She paused, gazing at the familiar set of warm brown eyes she'd been so used to looking at. The older woman cut her hair this time around. They fell right at her shoulders. She seemed to have lost some weight too, but in a healthy way. She looked radiant."Monica." Hermione finally said. She felt a soft squeeze on her hand before the middle-aged woman waved a man over to where they were."Wendell! Take a look at all the things Hermione brought this time around!"Hermione watched the him fumble a bit with his glasses, before heading straight to them. His tummy was much rounder this time around, and he had a bit of a limp to his gait. She eyed his foot with worry. "Everything alright, Mr. Wilkins?"Grinning at her sheepishly, the older man scratched the back of his head. "Well, the sudden weight gain seemed to have made it a bit difficult for my ankle." He laughed out loud. "Signs of aging, I tell you! You feel it more when you hit your 50s!"Hermione watched the two of them bicker over their health habits. They clearly had very different lifestyles, much to the chagrin of Mrs. Wilkins. She smiled. They looked happy."It's always so difficult trying to keep this one alive! I honestly won't be surprised if one day he'll be doubled over the bathtub from a heart attack!""Honey! Why would you say that? What if it comes true?" Mr. Wilkins's face scrunched up in worry."Then you better start taking care of yourself!" The older woman paused to turn her attention to Hermione, clearly looking for an ally. "I ask him to jog with me every single day! And you know what he tells me?" She paused to throw a look of annoyance at her husband. "Maybe tomorrow. That's what he says! Every single day!"Hermione couldn't help but laugh at the scene. They may have had their names and identities changed, but they were just as she remembered them. A little over a year ago, when she found out they volunteered for a non-government organization for children with cancer, she grabbed the opportunity. She was beyond frightened at first. What would she tell them? How would she act? Would they feel a weird connection towards her? She tried to talk herself out of it several times, but the thought of never speaking to them again was just downright heartbreaking. She felt peace over the fact that they were still who they were. It was one thing to agonize over the fact that she was a stranger to them, but it would have been a completely different level of dread if they ended up feeling unfamiliar to her.Realizing they've been arguing for quite some time now, the married couple apologized for their callousness. "Sorry to keep you, dear! You can set up over there. Right beside the Hodgkins!" Mrs. Wilkins blinked at the lack of a response from the younger woman. She waved at her face to get her attention. "Hermione?""Oh! Sorry, what did you say?" Hermione tucked her hair behind both ears to hide her embarrassment.Mrs. Wilkins offered her a comforting smile. "No worries, dear! You're probably exhausted from hauling these items all the way from Sydney!""That's true!" Mr. Wilkins nodded. "I can't imagine travelling all the way to Melbourne just for a fundraiser! You're a well and true angel, that's what you are!"Hermione pursed her lips at the term of endearment. It had been her father's favorite. "It's no problem at all." She managed to reply through a tight smile. She remembered having to lie about where she lived because they were insistent on having her over at their house. She wasn't sure she was ready for that. She could barely hold back her tears at the opportunity of conversing with them. Besides, she didn't trust herself enough not to divulge everything to them. She couldn't risk exposing the truth while they still had their memories erased."If you ever need a place to stay while you're here, just let us know alright? We have a spare room." Mrs. Wilkins assured her with a hand on her arm once again, caressing her fondly.Hermione took a deep breath, silently nodding her thanks. She didn't think her voice would be even enough for a verbal reply. She moved to haul up one of the boxes she brought along, watching her parents scramble to help her out with the rest. They walked alongside her towards the assigned booth.Hermione sighed. She could have this, couldn't she? She wasn't breaking any of the rules, was she? She watched them bicker over where to put certain items, laughing at each other's reasoning. She smiled. For now, this was enough.I have been a selfish being all my life, in practice, though not in principle. As a child I was taught what was right, but I was not taught to correct my temper. I was given good principles, but left to follow them in pride and conceit. Unfortunately an only son (for many years an only child), I was spoilt by my parents, who, though good themselves (my father, particularly, all that was benevolent and amiable), allowed, encouraged, almost taught me to be selfish and overbearing; to care for none beyond my own family circle; to think meanly of all the rest of the world; to wish at least to think meanly of their sense and worth compared with my own. Such I was, from eight to eight and twenty; and such I might still have been but for you, dearest, loveliest Elizabeth! What do I not owe you! You taught me a lesson, hard indeed at first, but most advantageous. By you, I was properly humbled. I came to you without a doubt of my reception. You showed me how insufficient were all my pretensions to please a woman worthy of being pleased.Draco eyed the passage in disdain, chucking the book back to the table. He was flipping through it nonchalantly after he sent his owl away, when that narrative caught his eye. He was positively sure that it was one of the reasons why Granger chose that book for him to read. He snorted. He didn't need some ridiculous muggle literature to help him analyze the conditions of his past. He did it more than enough to drive himself crazy.He grabbed his empty goblet, refilling it to the brim with firewhiskey. He finished reading the entire thing the day he bought it. After all, it wasn't a long novel, nor was it particularly boring. The characters were witty, and the world they revolved in – along with all its snobbish pleasantries – was quite parallel to pureblood traditions and practices. He rolled his eyes. Probably yet another reason the all-knowing bookworm considered. But if she had any delusion that she would be the Elizabeth Bennet to his Fitzwilliam Darcy, she was grossly mistaken.Running a hand through his hair, Draco glanced at the book once again, still clueless as to how things eventually steered towards that direction. He was genuinely surprised at his propensity to veer off script. The fact that it would happen before he even realized was baffling to him. All the late night plotting they'd done was probably to blame. It was almost comical how natural it was for them to bicker back and forth. Was he getting more used to her that he thought? He scoffed. It couldn't be.Draco eyed the clock, sighing in annoyance. It was a Friday evening and Granger had yet to send him an owl regarding their supposed date this weekend. It was her turn to pick. They skipped out on last week's scheduled one because of an engagement she had out of town. He was curious, but he could tell by tone of her letter that it was none of his business, and that he had no right to inquire. The last he'd seen of her was at Honeydukes, and the last he's heard from her was the day after when she sent him that letter informing him of her inability to participate in their fake date. He clicked his tongue in annoyance. Now he had been forced to send her a message to follow up on their plans. He sighed. Just what the hell was that woman up to?"And that's the last of it!" Harry huffed, placing the box on top of his kitchen counter. "Are you guys-" He groaned at the sight of Ron and Lavender making out on the couch. Ron had offered to help move some of his things for his two-month long vacation, but the redhead was barely any help."Oops, sorry Harry." Ron mumbled as he pushed himself off the couch, offering a hand to Lavender to help her up. She giggled at having been discovered. "Yeah, sorry Harry."Harry shook his head at the two of them. It was like they were back at Hogwarts with the way they were making heart eyes at each other. "I was just wondering if you guys were hungry.""Oh! Uh…" Ron paused to glance over at Lavender; his hand still intertwined with hers. "We were actually hoping to explore Paris a little, before we head back."Harry rolled his eyes. "So that was the real reason for helping me move.""Sorry Harry, it was my idea! Don't blame Ron, okay?" Lavender raised her free hand up in a half prayer gesture. "It's just that it's hard to sneak in a vacation with his work and all, so I kind of…" She winced now that she was hearing herself out loud. "…just invited myself here."Harry waved a hand in the air, shaking his head nonchalantly. "It's fine. I understand." He flinched at the sudden bone-crushing hug the couple offered him in gratitude. "Okay. Okay. I get it. You guys are touchy."Lavender giggled again at the uncomfortable expression on the Golden boy's face. "Thanks Harry." She gave him a peck on the cheek."Hey!" Ron playfully pulled her away from his best friend. "I'm the only one you get to kiss, alright?" He grinned when she placed both her arms around his neck to pull him down for a one."Ugh, could you guys please spare me the PDA." Harry moved to open the door to his flat, tilting his head towards it to get them to leave. "Now go. Ruin someone else's field of vision.""You never know, Harry! You might get some PDA while you're here." Lavender laughed again at his consternation. "It's Paris after all!" She winked.Ron paused by the door to tap him on the shoulder. "I owe you for this.""Sure. Sure." Harry mumbled, waving them off. "Owl me if you need anything, alright?" He heard Ron call out down the hallway as he shut the door. He sighed. They were sickeningly sweet, but for some reason, it worked for both of them. It was a strange kind of relationship wherein they liked making each other jealous, but loved making up even more. "Whatever makes them happy, I guess." He shrugged.Harry placed his hands on his hips, eying his one bedroom apartment. This would be his home for the next two months. Sensing his stomach growl, he moved to grab his keys. Unpacking could wait. He would explore his new environment first.Stepping out onto the sidewalk, Harry took a moment to breathe in the air. He closed his eyes. This was his new beginning. Nodding his head, he started walking towards an unknown destination. There was a spring to his step, and a lightness in his chest. The sun was out, the trees were swaying with the wind, and soft jazz music was playing from a café a block away from his apartment building. He grinned, chuckling to himself. He felt limitless. It was as if for the first time ever in his life, he was free.He turned his gaze up to the sky laughing out loud, uncaring of how he may have looked to bystanders. He stuck his hands out in abandon, spinning as he walked. Nothing could ruin this day! He was claiming it now. The next two months were going to be awe-Harry barely had time to stretch his arms out to catch his fall. Something hit him from behind, sending him face first onto the concrete. He snapped his head back to glare at the perpetrator, only to be met with the sight of black high heeled stilettoes stepping out of a taxi. He groaned as he pushed himself off the ground, ready to call out the rude woman who opened a cab so hard she threw a grown man off his feet.Harry could hear the woman arguing with someone on the phone about a misunderstanding regarding her limousine service. He rolled his eyes. "Excuse me, miss. I don't mean to be rude but-" He flinched when the woman simultaneously flipped her phone and the car door shut without warning. She was eying him from head to toe wordlessly; a gigantic pair of sunglasses engulfed the upper half of her face."Well if it isn't Harry Potter." Came her haughty drawl. "Color me surprised."Harry watched the woman pull off her shades, dangling the large eye piece on one hand languidly. He sighed. Just when he thought nothing could ruin this day. "Parkinson." He eyed her skeptically. "Last time I check, I was in the muggle world.""Yes, and last time I checked, I told you lot to go fuck off."Harry narrowed his eyes in confusion. "Excuse me?" He watched her roll her eyes at him. He almost winced at the unnatural way her pupils moved."I don't have time for this, Potter. As you can see…" She paused to gesture towards the shop they were standing in front of. "I have an empire to run." She snapped her sunglasses shut, clipping it onto the collar of her perfectly pressed black dress. "So you can tell all those farts in the ministry to go fuck themselves. I've done my share of warrantless detention. Any more unlawful moves on your part would merit a date with your department and my solicitors." She narrowed her eyes menacingly. "And trust me, I have the best that money can buy."Harry failed to hide the look of utter incredulity on his face. "What on earth are you babbling about?"Pansy clicked her tongue in annoyance. "Don't act dumb, Potter. You know what I'm talking about!""No, I don't." He insisted; his tone more aggravated than it initially had been.Pansy now mirrored the look of disbelief on his face. "You've got to be kidding me." Her voice was barely over a whisper. It seems The Boy Who Lived wasn't lying. "You don't have a clue, do you?"Harry folded his arms across his chest, waiting patiently for her to continue.Pansy threw her head back dramatically, laughing out loud in abandon. She raised a hand to still him from giving any response as she collected herself. "Oh this is rich! You're an Auror but you're not even aware of the Ministry's inner workings?"Harry sputtered at the vague accusation. "Parkinson, just what the hell are you trying to say?""That whole 'Order of the Phoenix' crap is basically the second wave." Pansy was still chuckling to herself, ignoring his question as she shook her head. She turned around to head up the steps of her boutique's second branch, not bothering to spare him a glance. "I guess they don't tell their poster boy everything.""Blaise, grab Audrey Hepburn! She's a frisky one so don't let her out of your-""Ouch! This little shit bit me!""Oh dear, Jackie Chan. Now why would you- Sweet balls of Merlin! Beyonce Knowles! Amelia Earhart! You ladies get down from that curtain right this instant!""Ah fuck! This one just peed on me!""Ugh, Romeo Montague! We've talked about this over and over!"Draco eyed the scene before him incredulously. Several cats and kittens were running all over the place with Blaise and Theo on their heels. He pinched his nose to reel in the frustration. Theo was bothering him on a Saturday for this? "Tell me again why I'm here.""Oh Draco! My dearest childhood friend!" Came Theo's desperate tone as he chased after a kitten that successfully wiggled out of his grasp. "Glad to know you got my owl!""What the hell are you imbeciles doing?" Draco glared at the two of them, folding his arms across his chest, not bothering to help."Neutering!" Theo answered, pausing to whisper a spell to a cat he had in his grasp. "We need to stop them from spawning!""You shouldn't have gotten so many in the first place!" Blaise called out as he side stepped a kitten who tried to scratch his boots. They were Italian leather for crying out loud!Draco knew Theo had a soft spot for animals. He always had since they were kids. It may have been a few months since he last visited Nott manor, but this was just madness. The last time he was here, he could have sworn Theo only had two. Now he stopped counting at 23. "Where did you even get all these cats?""I think the better question is, what the hell is with his obsessive need to rescue strays!" Blaise yelled in correction as tried to pull one off his silk shirt, groaning when he heard a small ripping sound. He tossed the kitten right at Theo."Hey, careful with Cher! She's very delicate." Theo stroked the back of her neck to soothe her. "There, there. You can fool around with Oprah once I'm done with you.""This is ridiculous." Draco mumbled, turning around to leave when a cat grabbed hold of the edge of his slacks. He eyed it ominously. "Let go you little twat.""Oh, that's Albert Einstein. He's a he. So if you're going to insult him, call him a dick."Draco rolled his eyes at the unnecessary information. He crouched down to grab the cat by the back of its neck. He roughly pulled its paw off his clothes, before chucking it over to Theo. "There. You can have Albert back." But just as he got rid of one, several others began hounding him for attention. One jumped on his head, then another pair landed on his lap. One more started teething on his right shoe, and two others began clawing up the back of his shirt. "What the-! Get off me!"Theo clicked his tongue as he headed towards Draco, annoyed at having to assist. He plucked them off one by one, calling their names out in reproach. "Mulan, Cleopatra, Magdalena, Tchaikovsky, Nobunaga, Ghandi!""What the hell are you naming your cats?!" Draco bolted up to his feet when he was finally free. He swiped at his clothes vigorously, not wanting to smell like catnip.Theo opened his mouth to explain, but stopped himself. He didn't have the time to spare at the moment. "Nevermind." He shook his head quickly, delving back into the carnage. He needed to get them all neutered before the next heatwave happens. He couldn't afford to get anymore cats. He was already having a hard time trying to remember all their names."How the hell did they even get this many in the first place?!" Blaise complained, but continued to chuck the kittens he caught at Theo.Draco moved away from the scene, leaning against the far end of the foyer. Why they decided to round up all the cats here was beyond him. It would have been much easier for them if they had picked a smaller room. He sighed, not wanting this farce to continue any longer. One wave of his wand made every single cat freeze in place. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't you both wizards?"Theo clicked his tongue. For whatever reason, when Blaise arrived earlier this afternoon, he seemed distracted and a bit distraught. It was much easier than usual to mess with him when he was like this, and Theo was eternally an opportunist. "Here I was enjoying his cluelessness. Do you have to ruin everything, Draco?""You said the spell wouldn't work if they were stupefied!" Blaise eyed Theo in disbelief, finally realizing he had been played all along. Pulling out his wand, he sent a huge blob of water right onto the Nott heir's face, knocking him off his feet and onto his ass. He scoffed in satisfaction when the smaller man started coughing at the unexpected barrage of liquid."Choking? Drowning?" Theo let out another round of coughs; his eyes watering in pain. "Why I had no idea those were your kinks, Blaise."Draco waved his wand at Theo to get him dry, too annoyed to bother. "Sort this all out by yourself.""Why so prickly, Draco?" Theo called out to his retreating back, pausing for a moment to calm the involuntary heaving of his chest. "Still no word from Granger?" He teased. He didn't expect the blonde to turn back around, running a frustrated hand through his hair."No." Draco eyed them wearily. "Quite frankly, it's been more than a week since I last heard from her. Eleven days to be exact."Theo was surprised by the honest answer. "But who's counting right?" The glare Draco sent him made him raise his hands up in surrender. "Sorry, couldn't help it.""She's never not responded before." Draco started pacing. "This isn't like her." He had a bad feeling at the pit of his stomach. He couldn't explain what it was, but it made him anxious."You think she's second guessing things?" Blaise stated flatly, walking away from the army of cats, leaving Theo alone to fend for himself."It's a possibility." Draco grumbled, folding his arms across his chest. He tapped his foot on the marble floor, unable to stay still. That thought had been on the back of his mind for the past few days. What would he do if she decided to back out of the arrangement?"Relax." Came Theo's drawn-out tone. "She's probably just buried in a mountain of books or something."Draco clicked his tongue at him in annoyance. "Not helping, Theo."Blaise sighed, shaking his head at the immaturity of the Nott heir. "Well, if you can't get in touch with her via owl, then there's only one thing left to do."Draco groaned. He didn't want to, but he knew he was left with no other choice.Draco glared at the time. It was five minutes to nine in the evening now, and Granger had yet to send him a letter. He wrote to her yesterday, and once again this morning, but both returned unopened. His eagle owl came back irritated on both occasions, clearly not used to being ignored.He was growing more aggravated by the second and the ticking sound of the grandfather clock did nothing to quell his thoughts. If anything, the countdown was making his mind run a mile a minute.Was she ignoring him on purpose? Rethinking their entire arrangement? Perhaps she was doing it to spite him? Or was she seriously going to back out of their deal? He ran a hand through his hair. He could never get a read on that woman, and it infuriated him to no end.Draco stood up from the couch to grab a handful of green powder. His hand made a move to chuck it at the flames, but he stopped himself last minute.He stood by the fireplace, gritting his teeth in uncertainty. He had never gone to her flat, despite having their floos connected. It was an unspoken agreement of some sort that they would always meet at his temporary settlement to handle their affairs.The chiming of the clock made him sigh. There really was no other way around it. If she would get pissed at his sudden arrival, she would just have to deal with it. After all, it was her fault for being unreachable. Taking a deep breath, he threw the powder into the fire.Draco coughed several times, brushing the dust off his shoulders in annoyance. It had been a while since he last used the floo. The only places he ever visited were ones that allowed him to apparate.He narrowed his eyes at the darkness. He could tell by the furniture that he was in her living room. It was eerily quiet, as if no one was home."Granger?" There was no answer. Was she out? He headed to the kitchen that was adjacent to it, eyeing the clean sink and the empty table. The door by the end of the narrow hallway caught his attention. It was slightly ajar; a subtle light streaming out it. He narrowed his eyes. Was that her bedroom? Was she inside?"Granger?" He called out louder this time, but still, there was no answer. He let out a slow breath. The cramped space was beginning to grate on his nerves, and the darkness did nothing to pacify him.He was standing by the door now, knocking against it firmly. He called to her again, but there was no reply. Feeling his patience run thin, he huffed as he pushed the door open. He peeked into the room, freezing at the sight before him.She was sitting in the dark on the floor by the foot of her bed in silence. The light of the full moon through the large windows made the entire scene feel haunted. She was in a daze, staring at a wall full of scribbles, torn pages from books, diagrams, drawings, and all kinds of paraphernalia that looked haphazard and worn-down. It awoke a myriad of memories that involved the darkness; none he was willing to remember.Draco took a deep breath to calm the steady panic building in his chest. He closed his eyes, focusing on impeding his current train of thought. This was not the time nor the place to have an attack."Occlude. Occlude. Occlude." He chanted softly to himself. When his breathing evened, he opened his eyes once again; glad he had been capable of recollecting himself.Draco made his way towards her. "Granger, what the fuck are you doing?" He was standing right beside her, but she still didn't acknowledge him. Her eyes were vacant, unblinking, and had a far look on them.He waved a hand over her face. "Hey! Snap out of it." She stayed immobile, completely detached. His existence didn't even register to her. He narrowed his eyes to glance at the wall she was so entranced with. A closer look now told him what it was all about.Obliviation.It was full of case studies, statistics, spells, potions, personal accounts from victims, research articles, and a list of specialists that worked in relation to that field. All the information was stacked on top of a large world map that encompassed the entirety of her wall. She sorted facts according to geography. And based on the sheer amount of data he could see, it must have taken her years to build this.He turned his gaze back to her, finally understanding the look on her face. She was lost. All her years of research wasn't amounting to anything. It was a desperate race against time, and she was losing.Golden girl Hermione Granger, the brightest witch of her age, couldn't find the answer to the one thing that mattered to her the most.Draco swallowed, unsure what to do. This was a side of her he had never seen before, but the look on her face was too familiar. It was the same look she had when she finally stopped screaming – when the torture had been too much she could no longer bring herself to react.I don't know. I'm telling the truth!Why are you doing this?It hurts! Make it stop!Someone help!No more, please…Please!Draco felt himself spiraling into a full blown panic attack, unable to occlude the onslaught of memories from that night. He felt the contents of his stomach rise as he ran out the room to head towards what he assumed would be the bath.Hunching over the toilet, he convulsed several times before he finally vomited. He could taste the disgusting mixture of firewhiskey and bile. He retched until there was nothing left for him to spit out.He heaved uncontrollably, squeezing his eyes shut in an attempt to regulate himself. It's been a few months since his last attack that he'd almost forgotten just how frightening they could get.He moved to lean back against the tiled wall, drawing his knees in to support his head. He ran his hands through his hair, clenching them tightly in a desperate attempt to anchor himself back to reality.He began reciting the date today, counting in sevens, mumbling the date of the next couple of Saturdays. It was something he realized he could do to stay grounded. Numbers were constant, never changing. They were always a comfortable distraction to his breakdowns.He kept at it until he was no longer shaking, no longer drowning. He made sure to count up to ten more Saturdays before he allowed himself to stand.He wobbled a bit as he headed for the sink. Rinsing his mouth out, he stared at the disturbed expression on his face. "What the hell are you looking at?" He spat out, sneering at his reflection on the mirror, biting down the overwhelming need to slam his fist against it.Splashing his face with water, he grabbed a handful of tissues, rubbing them against his skin randomly before he chucked them to the floor. He stomped his way back to the bedroom with newfound anger.How dare she awaken his memories? How dare she undo what he worked so hard to occlude?"Granger!" He yelled as he headed back to the room. Pissed that she still wasn't responding, he knelt right in front of her to grab both her shoulders, shaking her roughly. "Wake up, you fucking idiot!"He screamed at her several more times, but none of his insults seemed to reach her. He already had half a mind to slap her senseless, when her given name slipped out of his lips. "Hermione!"He watched as her eyes slowly focused on him. She blinked. "Mom?" She called out. Her voice sounded small and slightly hoarse from disuse. "Dad?" She added. He narrowed his eyes. She was obviously still out of it. Just how long had she been staring into space?He opened his mouth with every intention of yelling at her again; but she suddenly brought her hands over her face, bursting into tears. His surprise made him let go of her shaking shoulders, causing her to fall forward against his chest.He held his breath, both arms hanging in the air, completely caught off guard by the sudden turn of events. He could feel every shudder of her breath, every lurch of her body. He kept his gaze on anywhere but her."I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." He heard her repeating in between sobs. "It's all my fault. I didn't mean to. I swear."Draco swallowed a lump in his throat, still frozen in place as he listened to her mutter apologies. He wanted to push her off and scream at her, but for some reason, he couldn't bring himself to. He could feel his fingers shaking and he didn't know why.Slowly, awkwardly, he placed a hand on her back; his other one moved to the top of her head, patting her cautiously, hesitantly. He had no idea what the hell he was doing, but it seemed to calm her down. She was breathing a bit more evenly now, save for the few instances her chest would hitch. He felt her hands slide down his chest before landing on the tops of his thighs. She was silent once again.Mustering up the courage, Draco tilted his head to glance at her face, only to see that she had fallen asleep. One cheek was on his shirt, soaking it with tears, while the other half stayed shiny and wet. He cursed under his breath. Of course she would fall asleep!He huffed, fighting the compulsion to shake her awake once more. Mumbling complaints under his breath, he hoisted her up in his arms, surprised by how light she was. Did she even eat? He let out a breath. Not that it was any of his concern.Draco tucked her into bed, grabbing the covers to wipe the other side of her face dry. He eyed her unruly bushy hair, swollen eyes, freckled face, red patchy skin, and lint-filled pajamas. He snorted. She looked like a rightful mess.Hermione blinked, wincing at the rawness of her eyes and the painful way they met the sunlight. She pressed both her palms against them in an attempt to soothe the burning. She groaned, turning away from the windows. She felt exhausted."What on earth…" She tried to recall the events from yesterday, but her mind came up blank. She massaged her temples, cursing at the headache that crept up on her out of nowhere. She sighed. She felt like shit.Forcing herself to sit up, she stiffened when her eyes landed on her wall. It was the first thing she noticed the moment she woke up, and the last thing she saw before she went to bed. One look at it and she could tell something was amiss."No no no no no..."Hermione scrambled out the bed, placing her hands against her research, eying all the missing data she worked so hard to procure.Did she take them out? No, she would have remembered if she had. Did someone break into her flat? She paused, but she could feel her wards still intact. What if news about her parents got out? What if the remaining Voldemort loyalists went after them?She forgot to breath, feeling the panic in her chest threatening to overflow."Harry…" Hermione whispered to herself. She had to call him. He could help. He was the only one she knew who could.She ran out of her room in alarm, with every intention of heading to his flat. But when her eyes landed on a familiar mop of platinum blonde hair, bits and pieces of last night came rushing back to her.His wide eyes were on her, unmistakably surprised by the racket she had caused. "Malfoy." She whispered, more a question than a greeting. She was unsure what the hell he was doing sitting on her couch, lounging in her living room; but the sight of her research sprawled across the coffee table made her see red."What. The fuck. Are you doing here." She paused, reeling from the intense surge of rage she felt. She watched him stand up slowly. His gaze was on one of her files, oblivious to the extent of her fury."My letters weren't getting to you. And you haven't contacted me about our plans for this weekend." Draco's eyes never left the parchment he was scanning as he made his way to her. "Listen, I-""Put. That. Down." Came her low but livid tone. She saw him glance up at her, taken aback by the amount of disdain in her voice. She snatched the papers out of his grasp, waving them in front his face in contempt. "Who the hell gave you the right to touch any of these, huh?""I was just-""You were just what, Malfoy?" She cut him off, slamming the files back down the coffee table, causing a few of them to topple over the edge in a messy heap. He was glaring at her now."Don't get your fucking knickers in a bunch, Granger. I was just trying to help."Hermione's jaw dropped at his reply. It took her a few seconds to recollect herself. Letting out a mirthless laugh, she raised a hand against her temple, before waving it out in a gesture of incredulity. "Trying to help?" She reiterated mockingly. "And you expect me to believe such an obvious lie?" She saw him open his mouth to retort, but she wouldn't let him."No. No. No." She raised a finger in the air, wagging it for emphasis. "Draco Malfoy doesn't help. Draco Malfoy doesn't do anything out of the goodness of his heart!" She taunted.Draco felt something in his chest ready to burst. "You don't fucking know me, Granger. So stop acting like you do.""Don't I?" Came her challenging tone. "Let's see. Let me jog my memory for a bit." Her eyes were on him, unflinching. "First year. You were talking to Neville then."Draco scoffed in disbelief. "You want to take a trip down memory lane, Granger?""You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team? It's people they feel sorry for. See, there's Potter who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money – you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains."Draco was glaring at her now, but she showed no indication of stopping."Then there was that whole thing at Flourish and Blotts. You were taunting Harry because you were jealous that Gilderoy Lockheart personally gave him a free copy of his books. On the other hand, your father was insulting Arthur Weasley for associating with my muggle parents. Remember that?""What the hell are you trying to achieve with this, Granger?" Draco sighed, eying his fingernails in disinterest.Hermione sneered at the gesture. "Don't worry. I'm not nearly done. By the time this is over, you won't have the opportunity to be bored." She lifted her chin up in the air. "Second year, when you were made seeker of the Slytherin Quidditch team. You know, when your dad bought your way in?" She smirked at the dark look in his eyes. "It was the first time you, or anyone else for that matter, called me a 'filthy little Mudblood'." She paused, waiting for him to say something, but he stayed silent. His gaze was on the floor now, and his breathing grew heavy."Third year." She kept going. "When you were stupid enough to get hit by Buckbeak. It had been entirely your fault, but you had the audacity to try and get Hagrid fired, and have your father lobby for the execution of the Hippogriff." She huffed. It was only thanks to the help of a time turner that they were able to save the magical creature. "Do you remember what happened next? I doubt you've forgotten. I certainly haven't. After all, it was the first time I've ever slapped someone on the face!"His eyes were back on her, burning with a rage not even his Occlumency could damper. It gave her a sick sense of satisfaction seeing him this way. She noticed him fist both his hands, desperately trying reel his anger in."Let's fast forward, shall we? The Inquisitorial Squad." Hermione grinned in a feral way. This specific instance she had committed to memory."The members of the Inquisitorial Squad do have the power to dock points. So Granger, I'll have five from you for being rude about our new headmistress. Macmillan, five for contradicting me. Five because I don't like you, Potter. Weasley, your shirt's untucked, so I'll take another five for that." She paused, eying him to see if knew what the next words would be. The way he refused to meet her eyes told her that he did. "Oh yeah, I forgot, you're a Mudblood, Granger, so ten for that."Draco turned around to apparate. There was no point in having such a one-sided conversation. Realizing that the wards prevented him from doing so, he headed to the floo, but she had been quicker. She cut him off by grabbing the bag full of powder off the top of the fireplace."Fucking hell Granger-""Let's not forget your songwriting skills, Malfoy!" Hermione chuckled to herself as she bounced the pouch in her hand, ignoring the green dust that now littered her palm. She began to playfully sing the lyrics to the song 'Weasley is Our King', much to Malfoy's aggravation.Weasley cannot save a thingHe cannot block a single ringThat's why Slytherins all singWeasley is our kingWeasley was born in a binHe always lets the Quaffle inWeasley will make sure we winWeasley is our king"When I saw you and Parkinson conduct the Slytherins during the match, I knew you were behind it." Hermione shrugged. "The words lacked imagination, but even I have to admit that the tune was catchy. That's why it was so easy for us to reword it!"Weasley is our kingWeasley is our kingHe didn't let the Quaffle inWeasley is our kingWeasley can save anythingHe never leaves a single ringThat's why all the Gryffindors singWeasley is our kingDraco gazed at the strange glint in her eye, clearly disturbed. She was singing with abandon like a madwoman with more than a few screws loose. She was starting to look just like– He shook his head, forcing the memories back as much as he could."You said you wanted to write a couple of verses about his fat and ugly mother, and how you tried to fit in useless loser for his father. Then you went on to ask Harry how he tolerates the Burrow's stink, but since he's been dragged up by Muggles, even the Weasley's hovel smells okay. " She paused to glare at him, trying her best to imitate the haughty tone of his voice. "Or perhaps you can remember what your mother's house stank like Potter, and Weasley's pigsty reminds you of it." "Shut up." Draco muttered weakly, focusing on his Occlumency. He wanted to sew her mouth shut, or blast her jaw off – anything to get her to stop talking."What's the matter Malfoy? Are your own words making you uncomfortable?" Hermione teased, narrowing her eyes at the pained look on his face. He was white as a sheet; face shinning with a thin layer of sweat. His eyes were shut tightly and he was muttering something under his breath. She scoffed. She was just getting started."How about we move on to sixth year?" She paused when she saw him visibly shudder. She raised an eyebrow. "The Astronomy Tower. Does it ring a bell?" Her eyes widened when she heard him heave, doubling over to vomit on the floor, but nothing would come out. "Malfoy, what the hell-" He was in front of her in an instant.Hermione felt herself shoved to one side, unable to react. She fell to the floor ungracefully; the bag of floo powder snatched out of her grasp. A green light filled the room before she could even stand. When she turned around, he was gone."He's not going to want them, Theo. Trust me." Blaise rolled his eyes for the umpteenth time, ignoring the animal sleeping on his chest as he lounged on the gray velvet couch. His silk shirt was beyond salvaging, and he had long since given up trying to get the annoying ginger kitten off his person."But. But. Look! Aren't they just perfect?" Theo raised the tuxedo cats towards the Zabini heir. "They have his eyes too!"Blaise sighed at the annoying way the Nott heir was cooing at the pair of kittens. He was all for him getting rid of his cats, but passing the responsibility onto them was ridiculous. He watched the tiny animal open one eye to glance at him, before curling itself tighter into a ball. He blinked. Brown eyes. Ginger hair. He groaned. Now he was sure the universe was conspiring against him.Theo scratched the back of their ears in adoration. "I'm sure-" The light of the floo grabbed his attention. "Hey, Draco-"The sound of retching filled the room. Theo and Blaise looked on in shock as the Malfoy heir heaved one last time before he fell to the floor unconscious.End of chapter 10!DISCLAIMER: I'd like to point out that the long narratives in italics are not my words. They are taken from Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen, and the Harry Potter books by J.K. Rowling.I have noticed that there has been some backlash against my version Hermione. I didn't think I needed to explain, since I assumed the reason for her rage could be implied in the story. So I've decided to break it down for those of you who've felt a strong dislike/hate towards her in this chapter. I agree that her anger was unexpected, but I honestly believe it's justifiable:1. She was depressed over the fact that she may not ever get her parents back (and she had been the perpetrator in this case)2. She woke up to find something she's worked on painstaking, for years, tampered with (if someone suddenly edited my story without warning, I would definitely go batshit crazy lol)3. She finds Draco in her house completely unannounced and uninvited (even if it was one of my friends or siblings, if wake up to find one of them in my apartment without warning, I'd still get pissed at the intrusion)4. She was extremely exhausted after everything she went through. Imagine walking up first thing in the morning, still disoriented, only to find that the things in your room had been moved? To say that I would go mental would be an understatement haha!5. She feared for the safety of her parents if word were to get out that they were still alive.Now this isn't to say that it was the mature response from Hermione, because it definitely wasn't. But if we look at the relationship they have (and all the history along with it) for me, it was understandable.I've always wanted to read a story that tackled Hermione calling Draco out for all the crap he's ever said and done to her and everyone she cared about, in excruciating detail. I wanted it to be a confrontation that would put Draco on the losing end because, the truth is, he really was that cruel (those were his own words she threw at him). The conflict here would be how they would resolve that heavy past realistically (which I think is often overlooked in a lot of dramione fanfiction) based on how either of them would respond after this event.But of course that's just my perspective on things :) we each have our own take on the characters ^^ Thank you for reading. Reviews and constructive criticism are highly appreciated!

Ginny closed her eyes in mortification as she strapped on her brassiere, hooking it quickly behind her back. She couldn't believe she had done it again. This was the third time in almost two weeks! She didn't understand why she allowed it to keep happening. It didn't make sense that he permitted repeat occurences of it either.She turned a bit to glance at him lounging on the bed, smoking a cigarette. Apparently that was his thing – a nicotine stick right after sex. She swept her gaze through the presidential suite they were in, before chancing a glance at his exposed forearm. She pulled the crumpled white dress quickly over her head."Just say it." She heard him mumble; voice still hoarse and heavy from exhaustion."Say what?" She watched him roll his eyes."Subtlety really isn't your thing, Weasley." Blaise turned to look over at her lazily. "Wondering how I hide my dark mark?"Ginny swallowed in discomfort. Had she really been that obvious? Her gaze went back down to his left forearm. She knew no amount of glamour charms was capable of concealing it, but she wouldn't be surprised if someone had finally devised a way to obscure it."Disappointed I'm not a Death Eater?"Ginny glared at the mocking gaze he sent her way. "Where were you during the war?" She finally allowed herself to ask.Blaise sighed, crushing the small cigarette butt on the ashtray by the bed, ignoring the bits of grey dust it left on the white sheets. He lit up another one. "I don't see why that's any of your business.""You believed in blood supremacy as much as any other bigoted pureblood." She pushed on. "So why didn't you join his army?"Blaise took a long drag, relishing the way his silence annoyed the redhead. He was taking twice as long exhaling the smoke out of his lungs, when an unexpected memory flashed before his eyes.(Flashback)Blaise flinched at the sudden pull on his arm, glaring at the rude perpetrator, only to realize it had been his own mother."Sweetheart, we need to talk." She whispered with alarm, directing him towards the balcony in haste.  Checking to see that they were alone, Mrs. Zabini placed both her hands on her son's shoulders. "Listen to me, Blaise. If someone tries to get you alone like this tonight, promise me you'll get me."Blaise narrowed his eyes. "Mother, what are you-" He watched her spin around, placing both hands on her hips, heaving out a frustrated sigh. She pressed a palm against the front of her corset to calm herself down."Damn those Malfoys! Running this ridiculous farce behind our backs."Blaise watched his mother grit her teeth as she paced, eyes filled with unbridled rage. "Mother, please just-" She was right in front of him again, both hands on either sides of his face."This is an initiation, okay? Those people inside? They're looking for fresh blood. New recruits. But I'll die before I let anyone take you away from me, you hear me?"Blaise blinked. An initiation under the guise of a summer ball run by the Malfoys only meant one thing. "The dark-" A hand was over his mouth; the harsh shush from his mother stilled him. "Not here, Blaise."Gaining her composure, Mrs. Zabini rubbed her hands down her son's arms. She moved to fix his collar; the fingers of her other hand ran through his hair. She cupped his face once again, closing her eyes in a quiet prayer. "Do not, and I repeat, do not accept anything anyone here offers." She brought their foreheads together, staring him straight in the eye. "Do you hear me?"Blaise nodded wordlessly, feeling the gravity of the situation. His mother enveloped him in a quick hug.A loud booming proclamation, followed by a chorus of cheers caught their attention.Mrs. Zabini  huffed in annoyance as she pulled out of the hug. She squeezed her son's hand in reassurance as she guided him back towards the ballroom. After everything she's done to keep him alive, there was no way she would allow him to enlist for a war headed by delusional half-blood. "We need to return before anyone realizes we're missing."Now that Blaise had an inkling of the circumstances, he noticed that every rumored death eater in the dark lord's inner circle was in attendance. Bellatrix and Rodulfus Lestrange, Peter Pettigrew, Alecto and Amycus Carrow, Barty Crouch, Jr., Antonin Dolohov, Fenrir Greyback, Igor Karkaroff, Corban Yaxley… He swallowed. Severus Snape.Blaise cursed himself internally. He was too busy flirting with Daphne Greengrass earlier that he failed to notice something so obvious. What would happen to him and his mother now that they were dragged into this mess? He had been too distracted to listen to the majority of the announcement, but the sudden sight of Draco and Theo being brought to the middle of the ballroom by Lucius Malfoy, caught his attention."To the next generation!" He heard Bellatrix cheer, raising a glass up in the air. A round of applause followed afterwards.Blaise felt the blood drain from his face. So the two of them were…? He couldn't believe his eyes. He watched people clear out from the middle of the ballroom, but Draco stayed, raising a hand at the crowd to gain their attention."My fellow purebloods…" He began, pausing when his eyes landed on Snape. "No offense professor." He grinned, much to the amusement of the crowd.Blaise watched Snape wordlessly raise an eyebrow at the jab."Before anything else, I would like to ask everyone to put their hands together for my parents for throwing this wonderful gathering." He paused to clap towards the direction of his mother and father, who looked pleased at his consideration. "Now I won't take long! I'm sure everyone's looking forward to the rest of the evening. I can already see Greyback enjoying the pumpkin pastries over there by the corner." He waved towards the werewolf, who only scoffed in return.Blaise watched the Malfoy heir scan the room strategically, demanding the attention of everyone within the vicinity."I only ask for one thing." Draco paused to emphasize his point. "The future generation. Bet it all on me!" He boldly claimed, before raising a hand towards his father who looked just as surprised as everyone in the room. "I am my father's son. Having never failed at a thing in his life, he taught me that anything short of perfection is unacceptable! With this principle instilled in me since birth, I will uphold what it truly means to be pureblooded in this society encroached by filth and unworthiness!" He paused to bow gallantly towards his audience. "I, Draco Malfoy, a member of the sacred twenty-eight, offer you my humble services."Blaise flinched at the instantaneous cheers that burst from the crowd. He saw Bellatrix Lestrange run towards the Malfoy heir, throwing her arms around him, planting a kiss on his cheek. His parents followed afterwards  –  his father clapping a hand on his shoulder proudly, while his mother adoringly combed a lock of hair out of his eyes."What a disgusting display." Blaise heard his mother whisper through gritted teeth. "That is exactly the kind of arrogance that will lead this society to destruction."The party was back in full swing. His mother had been adamant about keeping him close, but she could only reject so many invitations for a dance before it became suspicious. After all, she was a stunning woman. He had yet to see a man who hadn't been taken by her beauty.He had been ordered to stay within sight, so he remained in the ballroom, careful to avoid any interactions with people who associated with the dark lord. He maneuvered himself through the crowd like a chess piece, committing to memory the position of every notable person in the area. Just as he moved towards the corner of the ballroom, he caught sight of the Nott father and son, scurrying out of the party. Something about the look on the younger man's eyes compelled him to follow them.Eying his mother by the dance floor, he sent her a signal that told her he needed the loo. He saw her panic at the gesture, but he assured her with a nod that he wouldn't be long.Heading out through one of the many exits, he scanned the corridor, wondering where the pair could have gone. He rounded a corner when he heard hushed whispers coming from a distance. He moved silently, concealing himself behind a column before peeking through to see what the commotion was about. What he saw next shocked him."You useless idiot! Letting that Malfoy scum overshadow you!"There, by a dimly lit area of the hallway, was the cowering form of who he assumed was Theo. He watched as the older Nott beat him, hitting him anywhere else but his face. When the younger man finally fell to the floor, his father began kicking him relentlessly, muttering unintelligible things as he did.Blaise had no idea what to do. The resigned way Theo was acting told him this had been a regular occurrence. He swallowed, frozen on the spot. His mother never hit him, not even so much as an attempt. She was very protective of him towards her husbands, and would not allow any form of violence. He tore his eyes away from the scene. Just how long had Theo been experiencing this kind of abuse?"Careful not to get the carpets stained." Came a bored drawl. "They're vintage."Blaise tilted his head towards the other side of the column, searching for the source of the voice. That shade of platinum blonde hair could only belong to one person. He had one hand in his pocket, but the other held his wand."What do you want, brat?" The Nott patriarch spat out."I was on my way back from the loo when I heard strange grunts." Draco sighed, as if he couldn't be bothered by the entire thing. "And here I find you taking out your frustrations on him, yet again."Blaise saw Draco throw a disgusted look over at Theo, scoffing in amusement as he scanned the Nott heir's crumpled form on the floor. He narrowed his eyes, confused by the gesture. In the few times he's seen them together at Hogwarts, he could have sworn they were friends. He glared at the Malfoy heir in disdain. He didn't particularly dislike him, but witnessing the way he was acting now made him loathe every fiber of his being."Does it make you feel powerful? Beating your son so bad he can't even get up on his own?"Blaise heard the younger blonde laugh haughtily, clearly entertained by the entire scene. It made him feel sick."I'd ask my father, but– oh right… He doesn't beat the shit out of me.""That's 'coz he's a weak, pathetic excuse for a man!" The Nott senior's voice thundered throughout the expanse of the hallway. It seems he was done staying quiet.Blaise felt a chill run down his spine at the feral look in Draco's eyes as he grinned at the livid man before him."Is that a message for him? Would you like me to pass it on?"Despite being a distance away, Blaise could see the stiffening of the Nott patriarch's posture. The older man began mumbling a string of words that were difficult to make out. He walked away from his son, stopping just a breath away from the Malfoy heir."You best enjoy yourself while your father's on the dark lord's good graces. He won't be his right hand man for long."Blaise shuddered at the revelation. Lucius Malfoy was that high up the ladder?"I guess we'll just have to see about that, won't we?"When the older man finally left the corridor, Blaise saw Theo struggle to get back up his feet. Draco did nothing to help, staying rooted on the spot, watching the smaller man with an unreadable expression. Blaise narrowed his eyes. Why was he just standing there? The Nott heir had been embarrassed more than enough. The least that Draco could do was to leave him alone to collect his bearings in private.When Theo finally made it to his feet, Blaise watched them exchange a look. He blinked, not entirely sure what he was witnessing. He saw Draco nod curtly towards the Nott heir, before he turned around to walk away. Blaise followed his silhouette until it disappeared. His mouth fell open at the realization of what just happened. Was Draco actually – ?Blaise yelp when he felt a hand grab him on the arm, another one snaking around his shoulders to cover his mouth. Just as he began to struggle, he came face to face with his mother's furious face."We're going home." Her tone offered no room for argument.(End of flashback)"Zabini!"Blaise blinked at the sound of his name. "What?"Ginny was looking at him with poorly veiled contempt. "Just answer the question!"He sighed, not wanting to engage in a pointless conversation like this. "Did all muggle-born witches and wizards join your cause?" He watched her open her mouth to retort, but he cut her off."I'm thinking, no. So there's your answer." He took another long drag from the cigarette, relishing the burning trail it drew all the way down to his chest. His free hand pointed towards the direction of the hotel suite's door. "If there's nothing else?"Ginny stomped through the room grabbing her stilettos and bag off the floor, grumbling to herself about how he was insufferable asshole and that she would never get caught dead on his bed ever again.Blaise chuckled to himself as he watched her storm out of the room, but the loud slam of the door made him flinch. He sighed again, running a hand through his face. Just what the fuck was he doing?"And so I said to Pansy, you have to take Cher! How could you not after seeing her majestic silver-blue coat, and brilliant emerald green eyes! She would have none of it, of course, but when I went over to her flat every single day, first thing in the morning, she eventually caved! Just today actually!"Theo's chuckling died down when his gaze landed back on Draco's blank face. He was staring at the fireplace with a glass of firewhiskey in one hand, still in his grey silk pajamas. It's been a week since the incident by the floo. He had no idea what happened, but he could tell it was serious. It had to be. After all, Draco was back in a constant state of Occlumency, just as he had been right after his trial. He sighed at the sight of him drinking first thing in the morning."Have you got anything to eat, Draco? I was in such a hurry to head over to Pansy's that I forgot to have breakfast.""Tobi." Draco called out in a monotone voice.A scrawny elf appeared out of nowhere, rubbing its hands against each other. "Ye call, Masteh 'Aco?"Theo eyed the draped cloth on the elf's body, looking much like their Hogwarts coat uniform. It was definitely a welcome change to the old rag Tobi used to wear. A lot of the Malfoy family elves had been brutally tortured throughout the war by death eaters and the dark lord himself, leaving most of them scarred and disfigured. Their appearances would trigger Draco's attacks, which made him demand all of them to wear clothes. He sighed at the memory. It was a sight he never thought he would see – several house elves torturing themselves at the thought of disappointing their master, just because they were told to wear clothes. He could still hear Draco's earsplitting voice as he yelled at them to stop, ordering them never to hurt themselves again, before he succumbed to another panic episode. Since then, the elves never showed themselves without clothing, for fear that it would make their master faint once again."Theo would like some breakfast.""O' course, wights 'way, Masteh 'Aco!" Tobi eyed his master tentatively, staying for a moment longer. "Masteh 'ike food too?""No, Tobi."Theo watched the elf scan worried eyes over the Malfoy heir before it disappeared. He ran a frustrated hand over his face. "Draco, you seriously have to stop this." There was no answer. His grey eyes were still glued to the flames. "What happened? Just tell me." Still no response.Theo started pacing the room. The last time Draco had been in this state, it took months before he finally started showing signs that he was back to being himself again. "It's Granger, isn't it?" He sighed at the silence. It was like talking to a wall.Theo fisted his hands. If Draco wasn't going to talk to him about what happened, then he would find the one person who could.Pansy nearly slipped down the steps of her boutique when she caught sight of one Harry Potter who was leaning against the wall of the building right across hers. She glared as he moved to cross the street, making his way over to where she stood. She stopped before she reached the last step, using the stairs as leverage to be on higher ground."Do I need to call my lawyers, Potter?" She challenged.Harry rolled his eyes. "Relax, Parkinson. I'm on leave for the next two months. I'm not here on official duty."Pansy sized him up, crossing her arms over her chest. "Do you actually think I'll believe such a stupid lie? I'm well aware of undercover missions, Potter. Don't insult my intelligence."Harry let out a breath. Why was talking to her so frustrating? "Let me put it this way, Parkinson. You're not a person of interest. Think about it. Why would they send me, of all people, to shadow you? You aren't important enough to warrant surveillance."Pansy scoffed at his bluntness. "You think you're so extraordinary, don't you Potter?" She rolled her eyes. "If this isn't an investigation, then what the hell are you doing in front of my shop?""I want you to tell me more about those things you said last time."Pansy raised an eyebrow, knowing exactly what he meant. "Why not just ask your friends at the Ministry? I'm sure they're more than willing to bend over backwards for The Boy Who Lived." She mocked, giving him a haughty look, before she began to walk away."You're opening soon, am I right?"Pansy turned around to raise an eyebrow at him. "So?"Harry pointed towards the direction of his apartment building. "I live right there. About three blocks away." He watched her mortified expression with a grin. "I can drop by every day to say hi.""You wouldn't." She replied through gritted teeth.Harry shrugged, walking towards her, stopping just as his shoulder aligned with hers. He leaned a bit towards her, whispering by her ear. "Oh, I would."Pansy huffed in annoyance, glaring at his retreating back with disdain.After everything she's gone through, Hermione thought that nothing could surprise her anymore. But when she opened the door to her office, and came face to face with Theodore Nott holding a bag of Mcdonald's take out, she was proven wrong. The paper bag in his hand looked worse for wear. Had he been pacing outside her office for a while?"Nott." She greeted skeptically, watching him feign a look of surprise."Oh, Granger! Is this your office?" He paused to scan the area around it. "I had no idea!"Hermione pointed towards her name plate by the wall adjacent to the door, raising an eyebrow at the Slytherin pureblood.Opening his mouth to express incredulity, Theo threw his free hand up in the air carelessly. "Now why didn't I see that?"Hermione folded her arms across her chest, leaning against one side of the door frame. "What are you doing here?""Since this is such a wonderful, totally unplanned, reunion…" He raised the bag full of fast food towards her. "Care to join me for lunch?"Hermione sighed. She couldn't decide if he was clueless, or if he was just that shameless. "What do you want, Nott?" She cut to the chase."A chat." He answered curtly.Hermione looked at him oddly. "A chat." She deadpanned."Uh-huh! Now let's eat before the fries get cold." Theo squeezed past her, making his way towards the couch set right across her work table.Hermione felt her lips part; his audacity rendered her speechless. She watched him set up the food on her coffee table, not bothering to ask for permission."Oh great! Soggy fries!" He grumbled, pulling a piece up to eye level, glaring at it in annoyance.Hermione closed the door to her office wordlessly, but made no move towards him whatsoever. She tapped the wand inside the pocket of her oversized cloak for assurance. She folded her arms across her chest once again, waiting for him to explain his sudden visit."Relax, Granger." Theo sighed as he flopped down the black two-seater. "I'm not going to curse you."Hermione kept her gaze on him, heading towards the identical sofa right across the one he claimed. She sat down, crossed her legs, and said nothing.Theo swallowed, pulling slightly at his collar. "Merlin, Granger, you're making me feel like I'm in the headmistress's office." When she still didn't break her silence, Theo threw both his hands up in the air."Okay, fine! I'm here to talk about Draco. Happy?" He watched her release a slow sigh of annoyance.Hermione groaned internally. This was the last thing she needed right now. She didn't know if she could be convincing enough to make the Malfoy heir's childhood friend believe they were an item. "What about him?""What happened between the two of you?"Hermione scrunched her eyebrows in confusion. Was that his way of asking how they started dating? "Are you talking about the rumors?" She clarified.Theo wanted to slap himself on the face. How could he have forgotten? She was under a nondisclosure agreement. She had no idea that he knew the entire thing was a farce. He released an exasperated sigh. Draco was going to kill him."I know." He began, watching her raise a questioning brow at him. "The agreement. The contract. Everything. I know." He raised both hands in surrender when a look of unrestrained anger crossed her features. "Before you decide to turn into The Hulk! I'd like to point out that the only reason I know is because I kept hounding him about it when I saw the first few articles printed! The one about St. Mungos?"The earlier rage growing in Hermione's chest was stunted at the mention of The Hulk. She blinked. Theodore Nott, of all people, knew about The Avengers?"He's been acting… weird again." Theo didn't want to divulge any information that Draco wouldn't be comfortable with. "It started a couple of days ago when he got back to his temporary settlement via floo." He paused, carefully observing the Gryffindor's reaction. The look on her face said it all. "I checked his floo and it's only connected to six destinations. So by due process of elimination, I'd say there's a huge chance he came back from your place." He watched her avoid eye contact."Granger, I'm not here to fight you, scold you, or blame you, alright? I want to make that clear." Theo pressed his palms against each other in a gesture of amity. "I just need to know what happened." So that I can fix it, he thought to himself."Why don't you just ask him?" Came her matter-of-fact tone."He won't talk to me." Theo let out sigh of frustration. "Look, I don't need a play by play, Granger. Just, you know, give me something to work with."Hermione folded her arms across her chest. She didn't understand what the Nott heir was after, but she had a feeling he wouldn't leave unless she gave him an answer. "There's not much to say. He invaded my privacy and I reproached him."Theo rolled his eyes. "Gee thanks, Granger. You know, for not being vague about the whole thing.""I honestly don't see how this is any of your business, Nott."He splayed his palms out towards her. "And yet here I am, involving myself in it."They stared at each other in silence."What did you do, Granger?" He finally asked.Hermione huffed at the accusation. "All I did was throw his words back at him.""What words?""The usual blabber he would say to me and my friends!""If you could just be a little bit more specific, Granger?" Theo raised his thumb and index finger to emphasize this point.Hermione clicked her tongue at his persistence, quickly running down a summarized list of all the things she said to Malfoy that night.Theo froze at the mention of the Astronomy tower. "Fuck. I get he's a rightful ass, Granger. But you didn't have to go that far.""Go that far?" Hermione reiterated with disbelief. "May I remind you, Nott, that it was his words and his actions I echoed. Not mine. If you're going to blame someone, blame him."Theo opened his mouth with every intention of arguing, but he knew it wouldn't solve anything. He could reason that Draco had been coerced – that it had all been against his will, that he was doing it to keep himself and his family alive – but that would get them nowhere. It would just be another battle of principles – a debate about morals and ethics – and that wasn't what he was here for. He took a deep breath to calm himself down. "He does that more than you know, Granger. Trust me, he doesn't need anyone else adding to that.""Yes, and if the dark lord were to one day rise from the dead and claim he's remorseful for all the lives he endangered, we'd clap for him and congratulate him for turning over a new leaf. We'd be ecstatic over the fact that he's finally realized the error of his ways."Theo blinked. "Has anyone ever told you that you have an incredibly annoying sense of humor, Granger?""I won't mince the truth just to make others comfortable, Nott. I call things as I see them.""Okay. Alright. I get your point." Theo ran a hand through his hair, not entirely sure how to proceed. "But he's Draco, okay? Not the dark lord. I understand he's been nothing but cruel to you and-"Hermione closed her eyes, raising a hand to stop him. "No. You don't understand, Nott.""Yes. I do, Granger. I grew up with the git. I knew him back when we were still in diapers. I know how much of an asshole he can be!""No. You don't." She insisted. "No matter what you say, to him you're his equal – another rich pureblood. You aren't poor like the Weasleys. You're not a half-blood like Harry. And you're sure as hell not muggle-born like me. So Nott, please. Don't act like you understand. It's insulting." She grit her teeth. "You know, before the war began? Probably before sixth year. He had always been my Voldemort. Do you know how it feels, Nott? To be mocked over things you never had any control of? To have the validity of your very existence questioned? And to eventually end up questioning your own, because others had?" She chuckled without mirth. "I guess you wouldn't. After all, it's not like you've ever been bullied."He had. Almost his entire life. By his very own father. It was then that he finally understood where she was coming from. If his father was still alive today and would go up to him offering his help, telling him he's changed, he sure as hell would run the other way. He wouldn't give him a chance. He wouldn't let him explain. He would condemn him without question."I'm not as bighearted as you think, Nott. Just because I took an oath as a healer and lobby for the rights of house elves, wanting magical creatures to be seen as living things with rights, doesn't mean I have it in me to just forgive someone who's tormented me for years. Again, it's not something I expect you to comprehend."But he did. Probably much better than anyone else. Could he forgive his father? Could he forgive him for all the beatings he took, most of which had been for no apparent reason at all? Could he forgive him for all the emotional torment he went through? Nothing he ever did was right. No effort was ever enough. He had been labeled a failure before he even knew what the word meant.Theo turned his gaze to the floor. There was nothing he could say to that. It would be too much to ask that she just forget about the past and move on, because he certainly couldn't. And if anyone were to tell him otherwise, he wouldn't hesitate to send an unforgivable right at them. He sighed. He came here with every intention of making her see Draco's perspective, but instead, it was hers that he understood.Hermione eyed the Nott heir's silent demeanor. She didn't know what was going through his head, but a part of her could feel something akin to resignation coming from him. "Nott?" She watched him run a hand through his face."Yeah?""Are you alright?" She asked with a raised brow. He was so argumentative earlier that his sudden muteness threw her off. She noticed him take a deep breath."Okay, look. You're right. It's true that I don't exactly understand what Draco did to you, or any of your friends for that matter. So there's no point in us arguing over whether his past actions merit forgiveness or not. But I will say this…" He ran another hand through his hair; the dark locks were beyond disheveled by now. "He's… trying, alright? I know it may not look like it, and that it probably doesn't mean much to you…" He looked her straight in the eye. "But, he is. He really is." He raised a hand gingerly to silence her when he saw her open her mouth. "Let me finish." He let out a breath. "Nothing I say will excuse his past behavior. And the last thing I want to do is invalidate what you had to go through. But…" He shrugged; his shoulders shagging low as he leaned back onto the sofa. "He's my friend."Hermione failed to hide her surprise at the unexpected turn of his argument."Always has been." Theo added as an afterthought. "He's done… I haven't even-" He huffed in frustration at how difficult it was to find the words he wanted to say. "I don't even know how and where to begin to pay him back for everything he's done for me." He paused, not entirely sure what point he was trying to get across. "I just…" He let out a long slow breath. "I can't stand seeing him like this."Hermione blinked at the Nott heir, completely taken aback by his confession. She didn't know if he was as good an actor as Malfoy was, but the way his entire posture sagged – his bloodshot eyes were down on the floor, his restless hands repeatedly running through his already messy hair – told her he wasn't lying. "I never realized…" She paused, a bit unsure whether she should continue."What? That we're really friends?" Theo chuckled to himself. "After all, Slytherins are conniving, evil little thugs who don't have a single loyal bone in their bodies, right?" He shook his head in amusement. "Just because we have certain undesirable traits, doesn't mean we're incapable of having decent ones, Granger." He teased."I didn't mean it that way.""I know. And it's not your fault." Theo raised a hand again, nodding his head to tell her he understood. "We're all guilty of the same thing. I mean, Hogwarts was basically a place that festered discrimination." He shrugged. "The sorting was the main culprit. Our houses told us what our nature was before we were old enough to figure it out. Slytherins were cunning but wicked. Hufflepuffs were diplomatic but timid. Ravenclaws were intelligent but inflexible, while Gryffindors were brave but impulsive. What do you think happens when children get labeled as such, and are expected to behave as such, for the next seven years of their schooling?" He shook his head in disappointment. "We barely even knew what dessert we wanted when we were 11, more so what kind of personality we were supposed to have."Hermione gaped at Theo, astonished by his social awareness. For once, she couldn't think of a thing to say. She watched him swallow, looking uncomfortable with whatever it was he planned to divulge next.Theo swiped a hand over his face, while the other ran through his hair yet again. One of his legs started bouncing on the floor in an attempt to soothe himself. "I ran after my father died in the battle at Hogwarts." He swallowed. "I ran to the muggle world."Hermione blinked at the memory of Malfoy mentioning something about the Nott heir watching a play by Shakespeare. It seems he had been telling the truth."I was… scared they would make me take his place. So I hid there until the war ended. Until I thought it was safe."Hermione watched him scratch at the collar of his button down shirt, before he adjusted the knot of his tie. His hands wouldn't stay still."I left him." His voice was quiet now, barely a whisper. "After everything he'd done for me, I just… I left him." He bent down to rest his forehead in his hand, anchoring his elbow on his thigh. "The mission… The one about Dumbledore…"Hermione could hear his ragged breathing. She scrunched her eyebrows when he stayed unmoving for quite some time. "Nott-""It should've been our mission."Hermione felt goosebumps rise all over her body at the admission. She watched the hunched form of the Nott heir speechless. He looked like he was trying to make himself smaller, as if the gesture could make him disappear entirely."I was supposed to get the mark along with him. Just right before sixth year." He continued, ignoring the tightness in his throat. "But he got me out of it. That stupid idiot got me out." His voice had a breathy quality to it, as if he himself couldn't believe his own words. "I had no idea the mission was… that. They never told me anything. I wasn't branded after all. I knew he was suffering that year. I could see it in his eyes… The way he was wasting away, looking like a corpse that just came back to life." Both his hands were on his head now; his back still hunched over. "But I was a fucking coward. I didn't want to get involved in any of it. I didn't… I didn't want to die. So I played it safe." He let out a hollow laugh that nearly sounded like a sob. "And while he was fighting in the war, what did I do? I left him there to fend for himself." He scoffed at how pathetic he was. "I guess I really am a Slytherin, through and through."Hermione swallowed, unable to process everything she just heard. She didn't know what to say. How could she possibly respond to a revelation like that? She heard him take a deep breath, running a hand over his face as he sat back up. His eyes looked even more bloodshot, and his skin was flushed with color."When the dark lord was finally defeated, I came back for him. Had to be a good friend, after all." Came his self-depreciating joke. "I went over to see him in his detention cell, while his trial was being sorted out. And do you know what he said to me the moment he saw me?" He shook his head in a gesture of disbelief. Clenching his jaw, he met her eyes once again. "You're alive. Good." He chuckled to himself, still shaking his head. "I was ready for his anger, you know? I already thought of all of the nasty things he could have thrown at me. But relief? Gratitude?" He coughed to hide the quivering in his voice, turning his head to one side as he ran a finger through one brow. "He was giving Slytherin a bad rep, I tell you! I'd expect that from any of the houses, but he was sorted in green and silver! He could have done so much better than that!" Came his poor attempt at humor.Hermione couldn't take it anymore. This version of Malfoy that the Nott heir was painting was someone unknown to her. She couldn't bring herself to imagine him as anything but her childhood tormentor. Even now, she could still see his silhouette standing by the drawing room, watching as she was– She swallowed to get rid of the lump in her throat, pushing back the memories. "Why are you telling me all this?"Theo blinked, genuinely surprised. She had a good point. Why was he? He folded his arms across his chest, humming to himself as if the idea just hit him. "To be honest, I have no fucking clue." He looked away in contemplation, visibly astonished. "I just realized how I single-handedly ruined my cool image in more ways than one."Hermione couldn't help but scoff in disbelief at the random, unexpected jest."I'm just gonna go ahead and ruin my Slytherin status once again by saying this." He cleared his throat. "I feel like… I can trust you." He said the latter part of the sentence through gritted teeth. "But just a little bit, you know? Like… 27 percent." He shrugged, grinning sheepishly.Hermione pursed her lips to stop the amusement from showing on her face. "27 percent?" She reiterated, humored by the arbitrary number. She never really interacted with him back at Hogwarts, but she had a vague recollection that he wasn't the type to stand out. But now, as they talked, she could tell he had a natural charm about him that was very easy to like. She scrunched her eyebrows. If he had always been this way, why wasn't he more popular and outgoing back in school?Theo shrugged again before he let out a sigh. "Look, Granger. I'm not asking you to forget all the shit he did in the past, okay? But if you could just… give him a chance?" He had his hands out in a prayer, hoping his sincerity would get to her. "How does 27 percent sound?"Hermione hid the small giggle that escaped her throat behind a cough. If Malfoy was incredibly good at steering the conversation, then Theodore Nott was apparently more talented at getting people comfortable. Or perhaps it was because they lacked history that's why it was easier for her to like him?"I don't make promises I can't keep, Nott."Theo shook his head. "Not a promise. Just… an attempt." He corrected. "An attempt to see him in a different light. He's not a complete asshole, Granger. I swear! I've known him for nearly two decades now, so I'd like to think I'm pretty much an expert at deciphering Draconian language." He paused when he saw her try to fight back a laugh once again. He grinned. "I'll take your poor attempts at concealing your amusement as a 'yes'."Hermione rolled her eyes. "I gave no agreement whatsoever."Theo shrugged, sighing to himself. "Well, I guess beggars can't be choosers."Hermione blinked at the surreal fact that Theodore Nott just used a muggle idiom."I'll take what I can get. Besides, I have a feeling your bleeding Gryffindor heart will pull through!"Hermione folded her arms across her chest to look imposing, but even she could tell she felt no animosity towards the Nott heir. Perhaps his dark hair and the green tint of his hazel eyes reminded her a little too much of Harry. His easy charm and playful nature were much like him as well. She sighed. "Weren't you just making a point earlier about how house sorting enabled discrimination, and thus shouldn't be used as a basis to judge character?""Was I? Perhaps that was the Ravenclaw in me." He teased, relishing in the way it entertained and annoyed her at the same time. He tapped his thighs, letting out a sigh as he stood up to his full height. "Well, I definitely took up most of your lunch break. I hope this is more than enough of an apology." He pushed the packet of Mcdonald's fries towards her.Hermione met the gesture halfway, pulling the now soggy fries towards her end of the desk. She eyed the rest of the food on the table, raising an eyebrow at the Nott heir. "This is all I get?"Theo laughed at the playful inquiry, pleasantly surprised that she finally felt somewhat comfortable enough to tease him. "You get the whole set, Granger." He gestured towards the entire table dramatically, throwing in a lively bow afterwards.She grinned, adding a small curtsy of her own. "Why, thank you." She watched him awkwardly nod his goodbye as he headed towards the door."He's lucky to have you." She called out before he could step out of her office.Theo's hand paused on the knob. The unexpected praise took him by surprise. He sighed, smiling sadly to himself. "It's the other way around, actually." He shut the door behind him before she could say anything else.Anytime is fine.Hermione eyed the curt response Malfoy gave her. When she sent him an owl, asking to meet to talk over things, she didn't expect him to agree, nor did she anticipate such a quick response. She was mulling over their argument a week ago after her talk with Theo earlier this day. She let out a sigh. She had to admit, albeit begrudgingly, that she may have overdone it. She swallowed down the steady build of guilt in her chest that began at the sight of him heaving at the mention of the Astronomy Tower.She had been so angry and scared at the thought that someone had broken into her flat, and that her parents might have been in danger, that she completely redirected all her pent up frustrations at him. He was just so difficult to pin down! She never knew what to expect from him, and she couldn't get a read on him no matter how hard she tried.Whenever he would be rude and incorrigible, she felt validated – ah he really is an asshole, once a bigot always a bigot – her mind would say. But every single time he would do something decent, the alarm bells in her head would shoot up. He's planning something. He's scheming something. That was all she could hear. It was unfamiliar territory and it threw her off.Hermione drew her hair up in a bun, eying the clock as she knotted her hair. It was half past eight. She turned her attention to the fireplace. "He did say anytime was fine."Standing up to grab a handful of floo powder, she took a deep breath. There was no point in delaying this any further. She didn't want to think of him and the haunted look in his eyes any longer.Hermione expected him to be lounging on his usual spot in the living room, but she was surprised to see the Malfoy matriarch sitting by the fireplace. They stared at each other in silent shock."Oh, I didn't know Draco was expecting you." Came Narcissa's apologetic tone as she stood up from the couch. "He would usually inform me in advance if you needed the space.""I can come back another time." Hermione replied in a quiet voice, somewhat unable to meet her in the eye. The only thing running through her mind at the moment was the fact that the sister of the woman who tortured her with delight was standing right in front of her. She watched the older woman from the corner of her eyes as she knocked on the door by the end of the room."Draco, darling, Hermione Granger is here to see you."Hermione gazed at her back, wondering why she was acting so calm. Wasn't she upset over the fact that her son was supposedly dating a muggle-born? Wasn't she going to yell at her to get lost and stop tainting her son with her filth? Wasn't she going to call her the derogatory term that fell so smoothly out of her son's lips?After a few seconds, the door opened to reveal the Malfoy heir in loungewear. Hermione blinked. It was the first time she's ever seen him in anything but a suit or formal wear. As far as her memory was concerned, Malfoy didn't do casual."I'll leave you two alone." Narcissa sent a nod towards them, before disappearing in her room.It was only when his mother was finally gone that she allowed her gaze to move up, landing straight onto the hollow grey eyes right across from her."Malfoy?" She called out his name before she realized. He looked every bit like someone under the imperius curse."I didn't expect you so soon." Came his flat tone as he made his way towards the couch he would always choose to sit on. "Please." He extended a hand towards the chair she usually went for.Hermione eyed him cautiously as she made her way towards the grey velvet chair. Something wasn't right with him. His face was blank, his tone lack any intonations, and his movements were rigid, almost ceremonial. "Malfoy, what's going on?" She watched him turn his head towards her."I beg your pardon?"Hermione raised a hand to gesture towards the entirety of his being. "This. What is this?""What is what?""You're like a robot.""A robot?"Hermione closed her eyes, berating herself for using a muggle reference. "I mean, a mannequin.""I'm not." Came his short reply. It seemed all his responses were curt.Hermione eyed him once again, brows furrowed with alarm. "You're not acting like yourself.""What do you mean?"Hermione didn't know what the hell was going on with him. This was yet another side of him she hadn't seen. She fought the urge to throw her hands up in the air in aggravation. Just how many versions of him were there?"Are you here to back out of the arrangement?" Came his blunt question."No." Hermione found herself answering before she had given it any thought. She wasn't planning to in the first place, but the promptness of her response caught her off guard."I'm glad."Hermione narrowed her eyes at the scripted way he sounded. It was like talking to a computer. She watched him wave a hand towards his room, opening the door to it as a piece of paper levitated towards her side of the coffee table. Her head snapped towards him instantaneously the moment the door to his room closed. That was one of the smoothest displays of wandless magic she's ever seen. How long had he been capable of that?"The outline for the next four dates. If you have any objections, let me know."Swallowing the questions she was itching to throw at him, Hermione redirect her attention to the parchment before her, taking it in one hand.Neville Longbottom (Professor at Hogwarts in Herbology) and Hannah Abbot (Professor at Hogwarts in Charms)Tracey Davis (Department of International Magical Cooperation)Luna Lovegood (Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures)Marcus Belby (A member of high society, Investor, Uncle Damocles Belby was the potioneer for Wolfsbane)Hermione eyed the list of people they would 'accidentally' reveal themselves to next. She sighed as she glanced at the date, time and place attached to each of the names. How on earth he had access to information like this was beyond her."No objections." She finally answered, after scanning the information thrice."Perfect." Draco motioned a hand towards the fireplace. "Have a good evening."Hermione tightened her hold on the paper. "Malfoy, seriously. What's wrong with you?" His eyes were on her, but his gaze was looking right through her."Nothing."Placing the paper on her lap, Hermione brought her gaze down to take a deep breath. It was now or never. "Malfoy, about last week… I'm sorry." She swallowed awkwardly, unable to meet his eyes. "I was-""You don't mean that."Hermione brought her gaze back on him, expecting him to scoff or roll his eyes, but his face was still an impassive mask. She narrowed her eyes in annoyance at the absence of a reaction. "Yes. I do.""But it's the truth."Hermione blinked, surprised by his response. "What?""Everything you said, it was the truth."Hermione saw something flicker in his eyes, before it was gone. His grey orbs were back to being unfeeling and cold. It was then that she realized what he'd been doing all along. "Are you occluding?"His silence was enough of an answer.Hermione closed her eyes at the sudden onslaught of emotions she felt. They bombarded her without warning, forcing her to take a few moments to recollect herself. "Stop it." She asked quietly, almost pleading."I can't." He sounded stoic, but for some reason, Hermione could hear the desperation in his voice."Why not?" The amount of emotion in her tone made up for the lack of his."If I do, it'll come back.""What will?""The darkness."Hermione felt a weight on her chest as she stared at the emptiness of his gaze. He was always so animated, full of vigor and character, that it annoyed her to no end. So there was something terribly heartbreaking about seeing him this way. She watched him stand up wordlessly as he headed back to his room, signaling the end of the discussion. She wanted to call out to him, but she couldn't find her voice. The realization that he was probably just as broken as she was, stunned her.End of chapter 11!Disclaimer: Long Author's Notes ahead…Throughout the course of writing this story (and reading countless fanfiction), I've had a lot of realizations regarding how people perceive gender, and the roles that are traditionally assigned to it, based on culture, media influence, and probably parental rearing. I noticed how natural it is for Draco to be written as the superior of the two in terms of, well, a lot of things, and how Hermione is normally given the more passive role. It is also quite evident how easily acceptable it is for Draco to be portrayed as the more volatile/aggressive/uncaring character, whereas Hermione is depicted as the kind/forgiving/understanding one. While I have nothing against this view (creating our own spin to canon works is what makes fanfiction amazing ^^), it just dawned to me how deeply ingrained gender stereotypes are in society.Women aren't supposed to get mad, unless they want to be labeled crazy. Men aren't supposed to cry, unless they want to be called weak or gay (as if the word is an insult -_-). Women who are argumentative, strong-willed, and straightforward, are branded as difficult; while men who are quiet, reserved, and soft-spoken are dubbed pathetic.I think the fact that the Dramione fandom has such a huge following is also a factor to consider. We all want them to end up together, thus we tend to be more lenient when it comes to letting go of Draco's past faults, making Hermione's character into someone more accepting. But if you take a look at the original work by J.K. Rowling, Draco was, in every sense of the word, a bully. He was beyond cruel, and he genuinely enjoyed tormenting a lot of his classmates (when I read some of the things he's said in the books, I can't help but shake my head). Which is why I love the conversation and the parallelism I made with Theo and Hermione in this chapter.Anyone who's ever faced a bully (I'd like to think we've all at least experienced an instance of it) will understand the fact that it is difficult, maybe even impossible, to forgive. And to be bullied that way throughout one's formative years, a very important stage of self-discovery, is very traumatic."Do you know how it feels, Nott? To be mocked over things you never had any control of? To have the validity of your very existence questioned? And to eventually end up questioning your own, because others had?"The last question encapsulates what being abused is all about. If you hear something long enough, your psyche eventually starts believing it. The amount of repetition validates the claim, turning it into the truth, even if it isn't. It's the concept of cognitive dissonance. It's like that moment in class wherein the teacher asks a question and you know the answer; but when someone, or a group of people, answer something different, despite being initially certain, you end up second-guessing yourself. To me, Draco was the person who caused that for Hermione by calling her a mudblood out in the open, in front of everybody.The scene I wrote in the previous chapter where Hermione threw back Draco's past actions and words at him, was a scene all too familiar to people who've experienced cruelty – it is never forgotten. Studies have proven that people tend to remember bad memories much better, and more frequently, than good ones. And in this case, I wanted to show that she hasn't forgotten (and I've always wanted to read a story where Hermione finally calls Draco out on all the shit he did, in excruciating detail).But that isn't to say that I dislike Draco! Quite the contrary! He has all the makings of an antihero you love to hate, but can't. His character has so much potential for growth and change. How amazing would it have been if he was given a redemption arc similar to Prince Zuko from Avatar the Last Air Bender?! I can imagine this fandom breaking the internet if it that happened lol!I told myself it was probably not wise to discuss my thought process behind the writing of this story, but I couldn't help it T.T! This author's notes ended up much longer than I had initially planned, but it made me feel more at ease after writing it. If my perspective is something you do not agree with, I respect that :) If this makes you unfollow this story, that's fine with me as well. Writing is an art, and what is art if not a form of self-expression, right?Thank you for reading all the way to the end! Stay safe everyone, and until the next chapter ^^

"This is bad. This is really bad."Blaise sighed at the panicking Nott heir who flooed into his flat at two in the morning, because he couldn't sleep over something stupid he kept claiming he had done. He scoffed. Like that was anything new."Draco's going to kill me! Merlin, Blaise. I think this might be the end for me."Blaise eyed him nonchalantly as he stayed splayed out on his bed, not bothering to sit up for his unwanted visitor. He was tired as fuck from all the sleepless nights he's been having thanks to an annoying redhead, so this was the last thing he needed. He let out a long sigh, tuning out the Nott heir's ranting. Theo barging in on him unannounced wasn't new. But it had been a while since he was this distraught. It used to happen more frequently back when Draco had been under house arrest."I didn't mean- Well, okay I did mean to. But it was the only way! If I hadn't, it wouldn't have- I never would have known!"Blaise turned his gaze to the ceiling in resignation. Whenever Theo would get this way, no amount of reasoning snapped him out of it. It was wiser to let him ramble on until he eventually tired himself out. He massaged his temples. That usually ranged between a couple of minutes to a few hours. He sighed. Why was he always getting dragged into their problems?(flashback)Blaise stood by the Malfoy manor's main gate after almost a month of applying for visiting rights. He sighed. It had been a long and grueling process, but thanks to some connections and a few bribes here and there, he was finally here. An elf appeared right on cue the moment they arrived. He failed to hide his surprise at the sight of a long cloth draped across the tiny creature's body."Howz iz Lef to be of serfiz?""House visit." The female auror answered. "You know the rules, elf. Bring him back here in two hours."Blaise eyed the auror who escorted him to the manor. She didn't talk much – didn't even bother to introduce herself. She quickly explained the rules, took his wand, then snapped on the magical restraints on his wrist before she apparated them without warning. One look at her and anyone could tell that she would rather be anywhere else but here. She was glaring at the manor as if she wanted to put it up in flames."Remember, you have two hours. Be here by then, or else. I don't want to have to look for you in that madman's fortress." She didn't wait for his reply, saying nothing more as she apparated out of the area.The elf offered its hand to assist Blaise to the manor. Anti-apparition wards were set throughout the expanse of its land, and only the house elves were exempt from the rules. Blaise took the tiny hand in his, feeling a familiar pull in the pit of his stomach, before he was brought to the manor's foyer.He let out a long sigh at the sight of familiar architecture. Just how many hours did he spend in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, filling in ridiculous amounts of paper work – most of their necessity questionable in relation to the nature of his request – just so he could get here? How many times had he been told to wait for the verdict from the head auror in charge of the case, who neither had a name or a face? He scoffed. It was practically bureaucratic red tape.When news of Draco's sentence just got out – one year of house arrest and two years of parole – Blaise decided to visit him despite his better judgment. That scene from the Malfoy manor kept replaying in his head, and just wouldn't give him peace. Throughout the war, he would find himself wondering about the two pureblooded heirs. What the hell were they doing? Were they dead? Still alive? Were they enjoying all the chaos? Or were they scared shitless like he was? He sighed. He didn't know why it bothered him, but it did. So much so that he felt compelled to see them now that the war was finally over. He clicked his tongue. He still couldn't find the Nott heir's whereabouts. Had he been killed during the war?Blaise flinched when the sound of an explosion reached his ears. "What the-" He noticed the elf whimper at the sound. "What's going on?""Ze mazterz at it agen." The tiny elf shook its head."Doing what exactly?" Blaise heard an unintelligible scream coming from somewhere in the manor. The muffled quality of the voice, and the way the walls reverberated the sound made it difficult for him to pinpoint its exact location."Lef iz not kno." The elf fidgeted in its place, unsure of how to respond. "Mazter do diz efri day."Blaise narrowed his eyes at the sound of something shattering, followed by a loud cry once again. "Take me to him."The elf nodded, gesturing a hand towards the west side of the manor. "In ze draw-in rum."Blaise followed the elf in silence, taking note of each sound he could hear. It was getting louder and clearer as they moved closer towards it."Voldemort!"Blaise froze at the loud echo; the sound of something smashing followed soon after. The elf guiding him towards the west wing drawing room shuddered visibly."Ze las dor, on ze lef." It instructed, pointing towards the direction.Blaise could tell that the elf didn't want to venture out any further. He nodded his understanding as he headed towards the screams. He could tell, now that he was much closer, that it was Draco's voice resounding throughout the manor. Blaise stood by the door to the drawing room, feeling every bit anxious about what he might see on the other side."Fuck!" He heard Draco curse through gritted teeth. "Motherfucking… Son of a bitch!"Another loud boom."Voldemort!"Blaise could hear the beginning sounds of gagging now. Taking a deep breath, he pushed open the double doors slowly; his eyes landing on platinum blonde hair almost instantly. He stood motionless as he watched the Malfoy heir shudder, trying to hold down the heaving of his chest. He had both his hands on his knees, and his eyes were squeezed shut.Blaise scanned the large expanse of the room wide-eyed. To say that it was in shambles was an understatement. The chandelier had fallen to the floor, surrounded by hundreds of its broken crystals. The charred wallpaper and the dark stains on the marble told him that the room had once been up in flames – the smell of gas still lingered in the air. Debris from the walls and floor littered the room. Everywhere his eyes went, there was something thrashed and broken into pieces, except for a few stacks of porcelain kitchenware, and a stash of vials with clear liquid stationed a few paces where Draco stood.He watched the Malfoy heir turn around to grab one of the tiny corked flasks off the floor, throwing it high onto a far wall. It blew up the moment it shattered – reminding Blaise of how the Exploding Charm worked. He saw Draco grab a plate next, slamming it against the floor as he yelled at the top of his lungs once again."Voldemort!"Blaise had no idea what the hell he was witnessing. He was stunned in place, watching the carnage before him unfold, when he felt a wand at the nape of his neck."What are you doing here?"Blaise raised both his arms up in surrender, showing the pair of magical restraints on his wrists. "I'm here on visiting rights granted by the Ministry." He answered curtly, slowly turning around. He blinked in surprise. "Theo?" He watched the smaller man pull the hood off his head, eying him from head to toe cautiously. His wand was still pointed right at his face, but the subtle shaking in his hand told Blaise he wasn't serious about hurting him. "How are you here? The rules only allow one visitor every month.""What do you want with Draco?" Theo inquired further, ignoring the question. He tightened his hold on his wand.Blaise swallowed, unsure of what to say. Even he didn't know why the hell he was here. "I just wanted to talk.""About?""I… I don't know. Anything!" He let out a frustrated sigh at the unexpected question. He saw the Nott heir throw him a look of utter disbelief. "Look, Theo. If I wanted to hurt him, I wouldn't be here without a wand, and with these shackles on me." He shook his hands to emphasize the matching bands on both his wrists. "I'm given two hours before an auror returns to meet me by the gates to take me back to the Ministry."That statement seemed to calm the other Slytherin down. He brought his wand to his side, but kept it out in the open.Blaise brought his hands down, tilting his head towards the seemingly deranged Malfoy heir. "What the hell am I looking at?" He saw Theo sigh at the question."It's exactly what it looks like."Blaise turned his attention back to the exhausted form of Draco, narrowing his eyes in confusion. Just what was he trying to achieve by destroying the manor's west wing drawing room, and yelling out the name of the dark lord? Blaise blinked. Yelling out the name of… He felt his lips part as the realization hit him. Draco was screaming the name of he-who-must-not-be-named at the top of his lungs. The name that brought fear and dread throughout the entire wizarding world.  A word that, for so long, had been taboo.Blaise looked on speechless. Not even he dared to say it, even to this very day.  He turned his gaze to Theo, who was silently watching the vomiting Malfoy heir."Theo, how are you here?" He allowed himself to ask again."I'm good with wards. Took me a few days. Had to be careful." Blaise heard him answer vaguely. "I put in a few subtle ones. Hard to detect. That's how I knew you were coming."Blaise said nothing, having an inkling as to why the Nott heir needed to excel at wards. The scene with his father during the Malfoy ball flashed in his eyes. He watched Theo send him a threatening glance."If you tell anyone about-"Blaise raised a hand to silence his unnecessary posturing. "Theo, that is the least of my concerns. Besides, do you honestly think the aurors would assume I'm innocent?" He scoffed, recalling his short warrantless detention after the war. "If they find you here, I'd be labeled as an accomplice. So it would be in my best interest to not get caught here with you." He saw Theo open his mouth to argue, but immediately stopped himself to run towards Draco, who was now on the floor convulsing.Blaise raised his hands up in the air in incredulity as he walked towards them. "Just- what the-" He was looking at the scene unfolding before him, wide-eyed and speechless. He watched Theo tipped a vial of what he assumed was calming draught down Draco's throat. After a few seconds, the seizure finally stopped."Lev! Tobi!"The small elves were there in an instant."Take Draco back to his room." Theo instructed. "And do something about his temperature. He's burning up."They were gone in the next second.Blaise closed his eyes, letting out a long breath. He felt his shoulders sag as his hands dropped to his sides. "Theo. Seriously. What the fuck is going on?""It's his stand." Theo replied wearily as he began to clear away the shards of glass from the kitchenware. "He said he needed to start somewhere." He sighed, running a hand through his hair. "I don't know how he ended up picking this, of all things."Blaise said nothing, opting to help clear out the rest of the mess."Don't." He heard Theo call out to him when he moved to fix the chandelier. "He said he wants this room to look beyond repair."Blaise narrowed his eyes, confused. "Why?""Probably the same reason why he trashed his bedroom, the main dining room, and all the pergolas in the garden." Theo replied with a shrug. "He won't tell me anything, so I can only assume."Blaise stared at the other Slytherin's bloodshot eyes – the dark circles under them made him look years older than he actually was. His hair was messy and his clothes looked rumpled and unkempt."I'm guessing the places he's been destroying are those that hold the worst memories for him."Blaise swallowed as he looked around to inspect what was left of the drawing room. What on earth happened here that would make Draco want to erase the entirety of its existence? He turned his gaze back to the other Slytherin, who was fidgeting with the wand in his hand. His eyes were on the floor. "Why are you here, Theo?"The question seemed to have surprised him. Blaise watched him blink a few times, contemplating what to reply, before his gaze went back to the floor. He shrugged."I just don't want to wake up one day and find out he's killed himself."(End of flashback)Blaise blinked the memory away when he finally noticed that the room was shrouded in silence. He eyed the back of the Nott heir who was now sitting on the foot of his bed, with his head in his hands."I keep trying to figure out a way to repay him, but everything I think of falls short." Theo admitted in frustration. The hands on his face muffled the sound of his voice. "He's the closest thing I have to family, Blaise. What if he won't forgive me?"Blaise let out a long sigh. "That won't happen."Theo whirled around to look him in the eye. "You don't know that!""You've done worse." Blaise rolled his eyes."But what if he thinks I really crossed the line this time?""You always cross the line." Blaise scoffed. Theo was the very definition of someone who had no boundaries. The guy slipped through his flat's defenses and was on his bed at two in the morning for crying out loud! No matter how many times he tried to rekey his wards, the Nott heir would always find a way in. It drove him insane at first, but after several attempts of keeping the other Slytherin out, Blaise finally gave up. There was no winning against Theo when it came to protective enchantments.Blaise begrudgingly sat up, scratching at the edge of one eyebrow. "Listen, Theo. I'm not going to lie, you're irritating as fuck. But just by being your annoying, meddling self, you've saved Draco in more ways than one." He paused when he saw the look of surprise the smaller man sent his way. "Besides, aren't you the one who always says it's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission?"Theo blinked a few times in incredulity. "I never thought I'd live to see the day Blaise Zabini, of all people, manages to cheer me up."Blaise rolled his eyes pointing towards the direction of the floo. "Now get the hell out of my flat."Hermione stayed hidden in an alley, eying Luna Lovegood peruse the items inside The Astrology Shop. Finding out that the petite woman ventured into muggle London routinely was already a surprise to her; but the fact that she developed an interest towards tarot cards, horoscopes, and astrology stunned her. She couldn't understand why anyone would believe in something so nonsensical. It was a pseudoscience for crying out loud! It had no basis, no proof. It was basically a glorified form of fraud."She's by the counter."Hermione wanted to roll her eyes the moment she heard Malfoy's flat tone. She could see exactly what Luna was doing, thank you very much. She didn't need him to state the obvious. She glanced at him from the corner of her eye. He was leaning against the opposite wall with his hands folded across his chest. She took a deep breath to calm herself down. Talking to him nowadays was like talking to a human equivalent of an ice block. He's been polite, formal, and absolutely scripted the entire time, and it grated on her nerves beyond reason. It was getting harder and harder not to scream at him to just snap out of it.The plan was for her to 'run into' Luna just as she leaves the shop, then have Draco follow soon after, 'accidentally' calling her by her given name. She sighed. She didn't exactly understand why they needed to keep doing all of these little public slip ups. The story about them basically had a life of its own by now. They could do nothing for the next few months, and she was sure Skeeter would still continue to draw out this ridiculous farce of theirs.Hermione let out a breath. She was glad that the plans they were carrying out now didn't involve dates that required prolonged time in each other's company. She didn't think she could take being with this version of him all evening. She sighed again. She could still recall the look on Neville and Hannah's face when the two of them walked side by side by the window of the café the two Hogwarts professors were in. She saw Neville spit his tea back into the cup, while Hannah started choking on her croissant. Tracey Davis wasn't an exemption either. She literally ran into a wall when she saw the two of them chatting at King Cross Station, before going their separate ways. It was almost comical how extreme everyone's reactions had been. She shook her head.Seeing Luna start to move away from the counter, Hermione walked out of the alley, crossing the street swiftly to get to the opposite sidewalk. Just as she neared the door, Luna stepped out in perfect timing."Oh! Hermione!" Came her pleasantly surprised tone."Luna, what a coincidence!" Hermione wanted to slap a hand on her face at her unnatural delivery of the line. It was a good thing that the awkwardness was warranted in this scenario. "Do you head to the muggle world often?" She asked, trying to feign distress; eyes darting around to make it seem like she was looking for someone."I try to go every month or every other." Luna smiled, seemingly oblivious to her discomfort. She lifted up the bag of goodies from the shop she just came from. "Did you know that muggles have quite an interesting field similar to divination?"Hermione nodded apprehensively. "Yeah… Somewhat."Luna laughed at the taller woman's obvious aversion towards the topic. "I see you still dislike the subject."Hermione blinked in surprise, not entirely sure how Luna knew about that. "How did you-""Practically everyone in our year heard about you quitting Professor Trelawney's class, Hermione." Luna chuckled to herself. "It had been quite the topic since you were never known to dislike studying. It would have been a quick and easy addition to your OWLs too."Hermione folded her arms across her chest. "I don't take subjects just to get more OWLs, Luna. I-""You take them because you love learning." Luna shrugged, finishing her explanation instead.Hermione blinked at the unexpected response from the blonde, who simply shrugged once again at the expression on her face."I get it." She paused to point towards herself. "Ravenclaw, remember?"Hermione gave her a small nod. Back at Hogwarts, Luna always had a strange, mystical, and often times questionable disposition. She recalled the petite girl tucking her wand behind her left ear for 'safekeeping', and that she had once chosen to wear a necklace made of Butterbeer caps. There was a time she caught her reading a magazine upside down as well. But now, she seemed more relaxed instead of floaty. The calmness in her demeanor made her come off as wiser and more mature.Luna smiled at the silent appraisal the Gryffindor was sending her way. "So what brings you here, Her-""Sorry I'm late, Hermione. I was-"Draco paused the moment Luna Lovegood turned around and met his eyes. He cleared his throat. "Lovegood. Granger." He corrected himself. His face was still blank and his tone was dull, but it fit quite well with the context they were in.Luna gazed at the two of them back and forth, taking notice of Hermione's wide-eyed stare and Draco's blank affect. "Am I interrupting something?""No." They chorused almost instantly."I had no idea you ventured out into the muggle world, Malfoy." Luna turned to face him fully now.He cleared his throat again. "I apologize for not having time to chat. I have somewhere I need to be." He sent them a quick nod of goodbye. "It was pleasant running into you both." Turning around, he went back towards the direction he came from.Luna narrowed her eyes at the odd action. Why was he doubling back? She opened her mouth to question him when a hand landed on her shoulder."I have a few errands I need to run too, Luna. So, I hope you don't mind?""Alright." She agreed without argument, raising an eyebrow when she saw the Gryffindor head back exactly where she came from as well. How strange! She hummed, folding her arms across her chest. And yet people called her weird.Ginny stepped out of the Excelsior Hotel Gallia every bit mortified for feeling so satisfied after yet another romp in the sheets with the Slytherin bane of her existence. She couldn't even bring herself to admire the interior of the beautiful five-star hotel he brought her too, because she couldn't wait to get the hell away from him.She took a moment to calm herself by the sidewalk. Where the hell was she? She glanced at the small steel key ring in her hand. Couldn't he have picked a better item? She glared at it, knowing it wouldn't activate for another hour. She scoffed. It seems he overestimated his sexual prowess yet again. She narrowed her eyes. Or was he intentionally taking a piss at her by extending the time she had to wait after they had sex? She growled, pinching the portkey between her fingers in annoyance. Was this damn thing even legal?Ginny headed towards a random direction, pulling the pale pink cloak she wore tighter against her body. Her eyes landed on a couple of establishments – Il Salumaio Di Montenapoleone, Biffi Boutiques Milano, Trattoria Trippa. She froze in place. Those names could only mean one thing. She was in fucking Italy!She glared at the international portkey in her hand. Now she was sure the little shit was illegal! She groaned again, stomping off without a specific destination in mind. She didn't exactly agree to this… whatever it was they were doing. But she didn't technically refuse it either. She grumbled. Every time he would send her a letter with an attached portkey, she would roll her eyes, boldly claiming she wouldn't let herself get tricked again.But now here she was, doing yet another walk of shame for the… she threw her hands up in the air. She had lost count! She groaned, tilting her head back in frustration. She seriously had to stop this. This was bad for her. He was bad for her! She paused when an image of his body flashed through her mind – his broad shoulders, his toned thighs, his ripped forearms, his motherfucking abs. She groaned again, throwing her hands over her face, stomping her stilettos against the concrete in frustration. Why did he have to be so hot?! And he had a pretty face too! She whined loudly, cursing at no one in particular. It just wasn't fair!Hermione eyed the clock, expecting Malfoy to arrive in a few minutes. Ever since she accidentally ran into Narcissa Malfoy a few weeks ago, she made it a point to schedule some of their meet ups over at her flat. It made her feel somewhat safer that way.The light of the floo grabbed her attention. She sighed. Even now it still felt odd to have him standing in her living room.Malfoy nodded in greeting, taking out an envelope from his coat pocket. "Have you checked your owls? I have it on good authority that you've been sent one as well."Hermione moved towards the small desk by the door to her flat, showing him her invitation to Marcus Belby's birthday party on the weekend. She sighed. She's been asked to attend a lot of these after the war, but it's been a while since she actually went to one. "Wouldn't it be suspicious for me to suddenly go to a random celebration after months of not participating in any of them?""A lot of your coworkers are on guest list. If you go with them, there shouldn't be any issues."Hermione glanced at the invitation once again, noting that it had been from Damocles Belby. She and Marcus weren't close, but she was well-acquainted with the Wolfsbane potioneer. He wasn't just considered a genius in the field, but was also a philanthropist who donated regularly to the ward designated for magical creatures. He was somewhat of a celebrity at St. Mungos. She sighed. Malfoy had a point. It wouldn't be that strange for her to make this gathering an exemption.After resolving their internal family discord, the Belbys were now a clan that was slowly making a name for themselves in the wizarding world. The positive light in which they were seen could definitely help Malfoy's current state of affairs. After all, his family needed new allies."I'm sure you know Belby from Professor Slughorn's club? You and Weasley were in it." He paused to check her reaction, continuing when she nodded. "Blaise told me that if he were to describe Marcus, it would be that the only thing that interested him was food."Hermione nodded. "He once ate an entire tub of ice cream, leaving the rest of us without dessert." She scrunched her nose at the memory. It was both fascinating and disgusting watching him scuffle down food."His father knew my mother back at Hogwarts. I'll be going in her place."Hermione headed towards one of the sofa sets in her living room. "What's the plan this time?" She watched Draco extend a hand towards one of the upholstered chairs."May I?"Hermione released a sigh at the overtly formal gesture. "You may." She replied mockingly, watching him unbutton the jacket of his suit as he sat."I believe a simple verbal exchange would suffice."Hermione contemplated on things for a moment. This was the first instance they would be out in public with these many eyes on them. She could imagine at least a hundred, no, probably two hundred people in attendance. Anything flashy would seem too staged. She nodded her agreement. "We arrive separately as well."Draco hummed his approval. "Since we can't predict how the night will go, I'll take it upon myself to find a way to get to you for a chat."Hermione nodded wordlessly in affirmation. As the conversation fell into a lull, she took the opportunity to scan him with a discerning gaze."Is something the matter?" Came his formal tone.Hermione let out a long slow breath, done with tolerating the scripted way he spoke. "When are you finally going to tire of this act, Malfoy?""I believe I don't understand the question."She let out a frustrated sigh this time around. She never realized it was possible for someone to maintain such a prolonged state of Occlumency. Was that even safe? He's been a zombie for almost three weeks now, and he didn't show signs of snapping out of it anytime soon. He was acting like a poor injured puppy that willingly took in all the beating without as much as a growl."He does that more than enough, Granger. He doesn't need anyone else to add to it."Hermione clicked her tongue as Theodore Nott's voice whispered through her thoughts. It wasn't her fault he couldn't handle the truth. They were his actions, his decisions, and his words! Besides, it's not like she forced him to turn his mind off. It was his choice! She let out a breath, pushing down the urge to pull at her hair in frustration. With the way he was now, she felt like she was the bully. She was feeling a guilt she knew she had no business developing, and it annoyed her to no end."If I do, it'll come back.""What will?""The darkness."Hermione didn't know exactly what Malfoy was talking about, but she had an idea what he meant. After all, she wasn't a stranger to the nightmares. She lived in them. Dissociating wasn't a foreign concept to her as well. She did it when she needed it the most. When things got a little too… loud. A little too much. When she just needed a break from it all – wanting everything to just stop for a while. But she would pull herself back – however hard, however excruciating – even if she didn't really want to. Seeing Malfoy sitting here, looking at her with that empty look in his eyes, made her feel an anger she couldn't quite explain."I expected more from you, Malfoy. You're a whiner, but you were never a quitter. This." She paused to gesture at him. "This is giving up. You're taking the easy way out." She held her breath when she saw something flicker in his eyes; but it was gone as soon as she noticed."I don't see how any of this affects you. We're making progress without any issues.""Do you think if you bury things long enough, they'll eventually disappear? Removing your emotions, shelving your memories – what does that achieve? They're still there. There's no other way but to face them, Malfoy." She watched him blink at her. He was still emotionless, but for some reason, Hermione could feel something shifting within him."You don't see me telling you how to handle the disappointment from your research, do you?" He paused. If the surprise on her face affected him, he showed no indication. "So don't tell me how to deal with my feelings."Hermione blinked. There was a small intonation in his voice in that instance. One she hasn't heard in quite some time now. She felt her heart start to pound against her chest. He was in there, somewhere – floating just a few inches below the surface. She saw him stand, no doubt to move towards the floo and leave."I really don't see why you're cutting yourself short now." She stalked towards him, blocking him before he could reach the floo. She stood barely an arm's length away, standing in front of his only manner of escape. "Nothing ever stopped you before." She crossed her arms and looked him straight in the eye."Do you want to take another trip down memory lane?"Hermione wanted to scoff at how easily her mind filled in the missing character in his voice – the haughty tone was ringing in her ear. "That's not what I want." She shook her head, never once breaking eye contact."Then what do you want, Granger?"Hermione couldn't understand why, despite the planeness of his tone, she could hear the challenge in it – taunting her, edging her on. He finally called her by her name outside of their scripted displays. She could tell that he was slipping slowly, fluctuating back and forth between feeling and apathy. She could feel the exhilaration slowly building up her chest. It was the familiar sensation of being at the cusp of an answer – nearing the rear end of a case. "I want you to stop running away." She ordered him.He moved to bypass her, but she caught his arm before he could. There was no way she would let him walk out now. She stepped closer, invading his space daringly. "Coward." She whispered right to his face.Hermione couldn't help but look on in fascination when she saw him take in a deep breath; his eyes widening just barely. 'Come on. Just like that. Just a little bit more.' She could hear her mind chanting."You're one to talk." He countered as he leaned down towards her, almost just a breath away. "At least I'm not a lifeless doll."Hermione looked at him with a stunned gaze that quickly morphed into a steady, simmering anger. "I'd take being mindless for a day, over losing what makes me myself, for months on end." When he didn't say anything else, she continued to push. "Does it hurt, Malfoy?" She looked down on his chest, bringing a hand over his heart. The feel of it pounding against her palm gave her a sense of power unlike anything she's felt before. She looked back at him. "Does it make you sad?"Hermoine's gaze dropped down to his lips when she saw him clench his jaw. She was captivated by all the steady shifts that was happening to him – all the little slip ups in his expression that reminded her of how he used to be. "Am I making you angry, Malfoy?" Her voice was just above a whisper; her eyes back on his grey ones that were starting to look cloudy. She couldn't help but bring a hand up the side of his face; the back of her fingers stopping at the corner of his tight jaw. She followed the movement with her eyes, entranced by way the touch made the expression on his face tighten even further."Come on." She pressed on. "Let it out." She felt him try to move his head away, but she cupped his chin in one hand to still him. She let go of his arm, and brought her palm against the back of his neck, bringing his gaze down lower so it leveled with hers. "You know you want to, Malfoy." She saw the shift in his eyes. They weren't blank any longer. "You hate me, don't you? Can't stand the sight of me, can you?" She moved her fingers off his jaw, moving them slowly over his lips. She pulled lightly at the bottom, dropping her gaze down to eye his now open mouth. "Go on. Why not call me that word?"Hermione felt her breath hitch when her eyes met his once again. They were back to life – stormy, intense, full of emotion. He was breathing heavily now, through his parted lips. Hermione brought her hands at the sides of his face. "Say it." She whispered, right into his mouth, glancing at the way his lips moved as he breathed. "Say it." She stared at his blown eyes, enraptured by their darkness. "Mudblood."Draco wrenched himself out of her hold, nearly falling over as he bumped onto the living room couch. Her mention of the derogatory slur startled him back to life. He stared in shock at the stunned expression on her face that slowly morphed into a smile full of glee and wonder. He heard her let out a breath that sounded like the beginning of a laugh."There you are."Draco had no idea what just happened, but she was acting in a way that he's never seen before. This version of her scared and exhilarated him both at the same time, and he didn't know why. But between the feeling of utter panic in his chest, and the genuine look of relief she was sending his way, the only thing he could think of was to run.Grabbing a handful of floo powder, he was gone before she could get in another word.Harry let out a breath as he continued to stand across the boutique he'd been quite familiar with in the past two weeks. Parkinson made it a point to come in at odd hours, making it difficult for him to catch her. He leaned his head back against the brick wall, sighing out loud in frustration. He just wanted to know what she was insinuating about the Ministry and its inner workings postwar. Why wouldn't she just humor him?Harry pushed himself off the wall when a familiar limo came into sight. But instead of pulling over the building across, it stopped right in front of where he stood. He blinked as a chauffeur stepped out, bowing to him curtly as he opened the door. Harry waited for the snotty Slytherin to make an appearance, but when she didn't come out, he turned his attention towards the old man holding the door for him."Excuse-""Get in loser! You're treating me to lunch."Harry released a long sigh at the voice that echoed from inside the limousine. That annoying tone, and the slightly nasal quality it had to it, could only belong to one person. He took a deep breath to brace himself, before he climbed in through the door. "Where are we going?" He asked the moment he settled onto the plush camel couch."La Tour d'Argent." Pansy answered immediately, not bothering to look up from her phone, typing against it incessantly. "My time is priceless, Potter. So if you're going to use it up, I might as well get my money's worth.""Is that restaurant any good?"His audacity to question her taste made her look up at him. Harry wanted to roll his eyes at the fact that she was wearing sunglasses inside a limousine with tinted black windows. He watched her tilt the accessory a little down her nose, throwing him a look that was probably similar to what she would send a cockroach."If you must know, La Tour d'Argent dates back to the 16th century and was said to be the favorite of muggle royalty." She pushed the dark shades back up her eyes. "It's one of the few restaurants that I allow myself to be a repeat customer in. So yes, Potter. It's that good." She paused to eye him from head to toe, letting out a sound of disgust as she waved a hand at his outfit. "Be glad the establishment is lenient with fashion faux pas."Pansy turned her attention back to her phone. Ever since he started hounding her at the boutique, her staff wouldn't stop with their incessant questioning. She snorted. As if she would date someone who wore fleece. It was such an unflaterring garment she wondered why anyone with a sane mind would wear it.Harry glanced down at his outfit, trying to figure out what was wrong with it. He was wearing dark jeans, a plain white shirt, black trainers, a black fleece hoodie, and a red and black checkered flannel coat. He narrowed his eyes. It looked fine to him.Before he could respond, a call rang from another phone inside the Slytherin's tote bag. He watched her fish for it, sliding the electronic device open, before answering it with her classic snobbish tone. He shook his head. She looked so natural living like a muggle that if he hadn't seen her back at Hogwarts, he wouldn't have been able to tell.Harry tuned out her voice, opting to glance at the scenery by the window. This was the first time he's ever ridden a limo! He wanted to open the sunroof to enjoy the fresh air, but something told him he'd never hear the end of it from the stuck-up woman sitting across from him. He sighed. What a wasted opportunity.They arrived at the restaurant after a few more minutes. They were seated almost immediately, and served complimentary bread and cheese. Harry was in awe of the entire place, until one look at the menu made his eyes pop out.Sensing his shock, Pansy smirked at him condescendingly. "What's the matter, Potter? Can't afford it?" She sighed, eying her perfectly manicured nails. "I guess could offer to-" She laughed out loud before she could even finish the sentence, amusing herself with the inside joke. "Who am I kidding?" Her smile disappeared instantaneously. "There's a price for everything, Potter."Harry rolled his eyes. It wasn't that he couldn't afford it. It was just an impractical choice for a meal that wasn't in celebration for anything. Just because he had a bit of money to spare didn't mean he would allow himself to waste it."I don't mind paying, Parkinson. Just make sure you stay true to your end of the deal."Pansy splayed her palms out towards him, before she clapped them back together. "Ask away."Harry shrugged offhandedly. "I was hoping you could give me a narrative.""Fine." Pansy rolled her eyes, letting out a sigh. This was going to take much longer than she anticipated. "After the war, your Ministry created a special division within the Auror's Department. They have no official name, but for the sake of being poetic, we refer to them as snatchers." Pansy paused to smirk at the stunned Gryffindor sitting across from her. "I believe you're familiar with the term?"Harry nodded wordlessly, unsure of how to respond."But alas, instead of rounding up muggle-borns and blood traitors, they rounded up purebloods." Pansy chuckled to herself at the hilarious irony of it all. "It didn't matter whether you had the mark or not. If you were a pureblood, you were condemned to undergo an invasive, warrantless detention that would try to distinguish your allegiances."Pansy paused when the first course of their meal arrived. Grabbing the silverware, she started shredding through her salad as she continued her recount of events. "I was lucky enough to make it out in just one day." She rolled her eyes, shoving a piece of lettuce into her mouth gracefully. "There was nothing in my answers they could use to incriminate me further." She bit a piece of cheese off her fork this time around. "We were doused with Veritaserum, by the way. Just want to make that clear."Harry couldn't bring himself to eat. "That's…""Impossible? Not true? A complete and utter lie?" Pansy tried to fill in the sentence based on the look of incredulity the Golden Boy was sending her way. "It's up to you what you want to believe, Potter. I'm just doing what you asked." She shrugged. "You said you wanted to know."When he didn't say anything further, Pansy resumed her storytelling. "Like I said, I was lucky enough to make it out in a day. Others weren't." She paused, tapping the edge of the knife she held on her bottom lip. "Theo and Blaise were held for a couple of days, if I'm not mistaken. Daphne and Astoria as well. I heard through the grapevine that there were others who were put through Legilimency." She shrugged again, resting her hands on the table, turning her cutlery outwards. "I don't have all the details, Potter. We don't exactly talk about it.""Why didn't you complain? File a case? Report it to the-""Complain to the institution that ran the operation?" Pansy laughed heartily at his naivety, grabbing the napkin by the table to dab the tears that formed at the corner of her eyes. "Gryffindors!" She tapped a hand on the table, shaking her head at the hilarity of it all. "Potter, no one would believe a pureblood complaining about discrimination and assault, just after a war that resulted in the genocide of muggle-borns." She chuckled again. "For the record, those were the words of the masked auror who cleared me for release."Harry couldn't believe what he was hearing.Pansy smiled condescendingly at the speechless Golden Boy who had looked so fearless earlier. "Your cause doesn't look so bright and shiny now, does it?"Draco eyed the letter Granger sent him last night, inquiring whether they would go through with the run in at Belby's party. His gut told him no, but his rationality told him yes. And he had always been a logical man, so he went for the reasonable choice. After all, he still had a goal to achieve.He ran a hand through his gelled hair one more time, eying his reflection on the mirror. After that whole thing back at Granger's flat a couple of days ago, he'd been disoriented, jumpy, and confused over a lot of things. But what stuck to him the most was the feeling of being forcefully pulled out from within himself. It was as if Granger had stuck a hand in his mind, then dragged him out of it by the throat. It shocked him how easily she had done it as well. It was a state he developed by accident postwar. No one he knew had been capable of snapping him out of it, until now. Perhaps his aunt would have-Draco took a deep breath, shuddering as he held it in for a few moments. He exhaled it out as slowly as he could. He did it a few more times until he calmed down. Now was not the time to think about her. Out of everything he wanted obliviated from his mind, it was memories of her that he wanted gone the most.He closed his eyes, taking in one more deep breath, before he went back to his room. He eyed the invitation he needed to bring, stuffing it in the inside pocket of his suit, before his eyes landed on the letter it came along with. It was from Mr. Belby addressed to his mother. He could tell by the words that the older man had a certain affection towards her in their youth, and wanted to extend courtesy towards their family during these trying times.Draco sighed. This was his first time going to a party after his sentence, and the first one the Malfoys have been invited to after the war. He could only imagine what kind of reaction he would get from the guests. He sighed again. There was no point in worrying about it now.Stepping out of his room, he came face to face with his mother who stood by his door, poised to knock. She looked at him in surprise."What is it, mother? Did you need anything?"He watched as she wordlessly cupped his face in her hands. "You're back." She whispered in relief, caressing his cheeks adoringly. "I was worried sick. You were just–"Draco pulled his mother's hands off his face with a sigh. "I'm fine mother. Nothing you should concern yourself with." He walked away to head to the floo.Narcissa watched his retreating back in silence. Ever since they started living together again after her year in Azkaban, something in Draco changed. She didn't know what it was, but he was different. The drinking was one thing, but even when he was sober, he wasn't like how he used to be. He was colder, always irritable. He didn't take his meals with her, and would only interact with her if necessary – keeping things short and transactional. There were times she felt he would go out of his way to avoid running into her. It was as if he couldn't stand seeing her; let alone be touched by her.She didn't know what happened in the year he'd been alone on house arrest, but she could tell it affected him greatly. She watched him disappear in green flames, hoping he wouldn't run into anyone who would antagonize him at the party."I'm really glad you came, son."Draco nodded at the older Belby, who clapped a hand over his shoulder. The roundness of the robust man's face seemed to get even plumper with the smile he adorned. Draco didn't understand why, but he could feel a strange sincerity from the old man he's never met before."If there's anything you need, anything at all." Draco felt a reassuring squeeze on his shoulder. "You let me know, okay?"Draco muttered his thanks, unsure of what the Belby patriarch was playing at. Why was he being so nice to him? It's not like he or his family's ever done anything for him. It wasn't like they've known each other all his life either. He was basically a stranger who had no business throwing a bone at him. He fought the urge to narrow his eyes at him condescendingly. He heard the older man laugh."I see you don't trust me!"Draco failed to hide the surprise on his face. Perhaps he hadn't been able to conceal the suspicion in his gaze earlier. He cursed inwardly. It was so much harder trying to control his expressions after being in a constant state of Occlumency.Mr. Belby took his hand off the younger man's shoulder, tucking it into the pocket of his slacks. "I can only imagine what you've been through, my boy. It's natural for you suspect everyone and trust only yourself." He sighed. It was not the life a young lad like him should be living.Draco looked away from the old man. There was pity in his eyes, but also a strange sort of kindness he wasn't used to seeing directed at him. He didn't know what to make of it, and he didn't know how to respond.Mr. Belby sighed at the sight of the young Malfoy heir before him. He looked so lonely standing by the corner of the ballroom, doing his best to avoid everyone, that he couldn't help but want to make him feel a bit more comfortable."Well…" Mr. Belby clapped a hand over his protruding belly. "Help yourself with the rest of the food. I heard the treacle tart is particularly scrumptious!"Draco nodded. "Thank you, sir. I appreciate the hospitality."The Belby patriarch grinned at the Malfoy heir, glad that the guarded look on his face had somewhat softened. He gave him two quick pats on the head that seemed to stun the younger man, who tilted himself away from the gesture. He laughed at the dubious look on the blonde's face."Relax, Draco!" The older man teased as he chuckled heartily. "I hope you enjoy the rest of the evening!"Draco glared at the back of the robust Belby patriarch, clicking his tongue as he ran a hand through his hair. Who the hell pats someone on the head out of the blue? And he was almost an entire foot taller than the man! He grumbled to himself.Realizing he's stayed for half an hour now, he decided it was high time he made his move. Scanning the ballroom, he saw Granger standing by the wine table, chatting with Percy Weasley, of all people. He had been named the head of the Department of Magical Transportation a year ago by Kingsley himself. He clicked his tongue in annoyance. Now he would have to bide his time. All he needed was a couple of seconds with her. People just had to see them chatting amicably, so he could finally take his leave.Draco perked up instantly at the sight of the older Weasley getting called over by a group of people, excusing himself away from Granger. He immediately made his way to the wine table to refill his goblet."Granger." He called out in greeting, not bothering to glance at her as he replaced his old glass with a new one."Malfoy." She nodded, tipping her head towards him.He turned to eye her, still a few feet away. "I didn't know you and Marcus were close." He began to shorten the distance between them, stopping about an arm's length away."We aren't. Although, we were in Professor Slughorn's club for a while." Hermione shrugged. "The invitation had been from his uncle, actually."Draco placed his free hand in the pocket of his slacks, beginning to feel several sets of eyes on them. "You know the potioneer of Wolfsbane?" He asked impressed."He's a philanthropist well-associated with St. Mungos." She answered matter-of-factly.Draco nodded at the information. "I see."Hermione eyed the slightly defensive stance he employed as he stood next to her. She wanted to scoff at the distance he put between the two of them. He didn't need to stand that far. Was he being careful not to give people too much, or was he actually cautious towards her?Hermione took a sip of her wine to hide her discomfort. After he left her flat, the realization of what she had just done stunned her. She didn't know what came over her! It began with her intense aggravation towards the entirety of his disposition that grew into something else she couldn't quite explain. When she was seeing him slowly give in, slowly break, she kept wanting to push and push. She had been so focused on succeeding that she didn't notice they had been so close to… She swallowed. Nope. She would not go there."What about you? Are you and Marcus well-acquainted?" She asked, continuing their small talk.Draco shook his head. "His father and my mother were… friends."Hermione turned her head to raise an eyebrow at the potentially scandalous statement. "Friends?" She reiterated. She watched Draco keep his gaze on the crowd; eyes on anything else but her. He shrugged, drinking a huge portion of wine from his glass."He was quite taken with her in their youth.""Ah. I see." Hermione nodded, tilting the goblet against her lips for another sip as well. She could feel a strange, palpable tension between them that was… awkward. It was different from the charged suspicion both of them were sending each other when they first started this arrangement. This time it was… It was just weird."Ms. Granger! I'm so glad you could come!"Both of them glanced at the tall lean man who sauntered towards them with a charm that even Draco had to admit was quite fetching."Mr. Damocles!" Hermione greeted as she watched him take her hand in his, placing a chaste kiss over her fingers. She smiled at the gesture, feeling her cheeks warm in the process. Damocles Belby was a man in his fifties, but even then, he had a timeless magnetism that was hard to resist. He was the very definition of a silver fox."And the young Mr. Malfoy!" He called out, offering a hand towards the blonde who looked every bit surprised at the acknowledgement.Draco reached out to shake the older man's hand. "Please, Mr. Belby. Just Draco is fine.""Then call me Damocles! No mister, please!" He grinned, gesturing towards Hermione. "This one keeps calling me mister. Every single time it makes me feel like I've aged ten years!" He chuckled.Draco nodded curtly at the request. "Damocles it is."The Wolfsbane potioneer looked pleased as he clapped a hand against the younger man's shoulder; pointing towards him as he nodded. "I like you, Draco! See?" He glanced back at Hermione with a lopsided smile. "It's not that hard!""Mr. Damocles, as an important figure at-""Ah! Ah! Ah!" He raised a hand to stop her. "None of that business talk! No talking about work. We're at a party, Hermione." He placed his hands on her shoulders, shaking her playfully. "Relax!"Draco couldn't help but compare both Belby men. This one was loud, somewhat vain, and had a domineering side to him. The other one was calm, soft-spoken, and down to earth. He let out a sigh. They couldn't be more different."Now, before someone else steals you away, I would very much appreciate the honor of having a dance with the one and only Hermione Granger."Draco fought the urge to roll his eyes at the exaggerated bow the older man offered her. Granger was more than half his age for Merlin's sake, and yet here he was flirting with her as if he didn't have a full head of grey hair.Hermione chuckled at the gesture, accepting the hand the older man offered her. "Always so dramatic, Mr. Damocles.""Well, I-""Uncle Damocles!"All three of them turned their attention towards Marcus, who was quite a distance away."Look who came to see you!" The younger Belby called out.Draco watched the older man's eyes widen at whoever it was standing beside the Belby heir. He watched him turn his gaze to Hermione, then back at Marcus."It's fine, Mr. Damocles! Go ahead." Hermione reassured, taking her hand out of the potioneer's grasp. She placed it on his shoulder, nudging him towards whoever it was he looked so thrilled to see.Draco finally allowed himself to roll his eyes at the older man's obvious indecision, hiding his scoff behind his wineglass.In one quick motion, Damocles took Hermione's hand back in his, before he grabbed Draco's free one in the other. "If you would be so kind, Draco?" His tone was apologetic, but imperative. "I leave Ms. Granger's dance to you!" He brought their hands together before either of them could reply.He was gone in the next second.Hermione and Draco stared at their intertwined hands, before glancing back at each other wide-eyed at the unexpected turn of events. They could hear the buzz of spectators who saw the entire thing unfold.Swallowing, Draco put his glass down, nodding a quiet inquiry towards her. He watched her put down her wine, mirroring his gesture, as she nodded her acceptance. There was no way either of them could get out of this situation now.Draco tried his best to ignore the stares and whispers as he guided her to the ballroom. He could feel his skin prick at the sheer amount of attention on them. He closed his eyes for a moment, cursing the silver fox in his head, wishing he'd go bald.Draco took a deep breath as he positioned himself on the dance floor, offering her his hand. As she stepped into his hold, it was only then that he finally took notice of her. He had been so edgy the whole time that nothing quite registered to him.She was wearing a strapless dark purple dress that hugged her waist, before spilling out into layers and various shades down her body. Every time she moved, the fabric reminded him of the ocean at twilight.The previous number ended, leaving both of them in each other's hold, waiting for the music to begin. Draco allowed his gaze to scan her face. Her hair was up, leaving a few curls running down the sides of her temples. Her make-up was done to make her eyes stand out, intensifying the power of her gaze. He looked away, wishing for the band to finally start playing.Hermione glanced at the way he was avoiding her gaze. She could tell that neither of them were comfortable in this situation, and to say that this was not part of the plan was a gross understatement. She took a moment to eye the way his hair had been sleeked back all the way to the nape of his neck. It looked just like the style he used to wear back when they were 11. She snorted in amusement."What?"She raised an eyebrow at the cautious look he threw at her. "Nothing." She watched him look away again.The music finally began to play. She could feel him gently lead her through the waltz, occasionally catching him glancing at her, before he would look away. This was the second time they danced. The first had been back at Slither In. She rolled her eyes, still annoyed with the atrocious name. Back then, she could feel him dragging her to match his pace, and it annoyed her incessantly. This time though, it felt like they were moving in unison. He would nudge her slightly when they would change their course, but other than that, he let her be.Hermione continued to eye him discerningly, wondering just what was going through his head. Even now, after snapping out of his Occlumency, she still couldn't read him. Every time she felt like she finally got a handle on him, he would change entirely. Dealing with him was like playing a game on hard mode. He was like a puzzle within puzzles that was begging to be solved.Hermione looked away in mortification. This was bad. This was very bad. She was starting to get curious about Draco Malfoy. And if there was one thing she knew about herself, it was her obsessive compulsive need to satisfy her curiosities.End of chapter 12!Okay, I confess. I keep trying to reel in the length of my chapters, but it's just so hard T.T I keep trying to make everything in the outline fit the chapter, but it ends up getting sooo long I have to move some scenarios onto the next one. It's insane how the story literally takes on a life of its own!I'm trying my best to make it stick to 18 as planned, because despite being really fun, writing fanfiction (on top of my work) is giving me orthopedic issues (hello back pain and carpal tunnel syndrome)I hope you liked this addition as much as I did^^ Once again, thank you for reading! Constructive criticism and reviews are appreciated :)

Draco eyed the floo, anxious about whatever it was that Granger wanted to talk about. Her letter was curt and vague and it made him want to pull at his hair. The party at the Belby's happened just two days ago. They had more than enough time to plan their next move. What exactly was it that she needed to discuss so quickly?The green light caught him off guard, forcing him to shut his eyes at the sudden onslaught of brightness. He'd been so preoccupied with trying to figure out the workings of her mind that he'd failed to keep track of the time.Hermione raised a brow at his blinking form. "Malfoy."Draco brought a hand over his face, massaging his eyelids in an attempt to rid them of the ache. "Granger." He could hear her settle down onto one of the velvet chairs, not bothering with any further pleasantries. It unnerved him how familiar that gesture came across, as if this was a place she actually felt at home in."I'll be frank." Came her firm tone. "I want to outline how long we need to keep up this farce. I need something more concrete."Draco blinked, completely caught off guard by her declaration. "I beg your pardon?""I didn't think it mattered that much in the contract, because it was stated that your manor would be held for around 90 days, give or take. But at the rate things are going, it may be much longer than either of us can predict." Hermione folded her arms across her chest. The timeline had been something he refused to amend despite all her attempts to make it more tangible. It was a transactional exchange, he insisted – his manor for her money. It was naïve of her to let go of that one detail. It's been over three months since they started this arrangement, and there was still no word about his manor's return.Draco couldn't help but scoff. It wasn't his fault that the Ministry's power tripping bureaucrats were after his family. "I don't think I need to remind you that the contract stands until I get my manor back."Hermione nodded in agreement. "You're not wrong. But there is a clause in the contract wherein I could back out at any time."Draco crossed his arms, sending her a gaze that bore a silent threat. "So I'm guessing you have 250,000 galleons in your disposal to compensate me for the termination?""No."Draco narrowed his eyes at her offhanded reply. "Then-""But the contract doesn't explicitly state that I have to pay the amount in full upon dissolution, does it?"Draco blinked at the challenging smirk she sent his way. What was she talking about? He summoned the stack of papers to his table, scanning through it hastily to get to the paragraph defining the consequences for abrupt cessation. He read through it quickly before closing his eyes shut, letting a hundred curses fly through his mind silently. She was right. He hadn't indicated outright that the entire amount be paid, effective immediately. He was careless! How could he have made such a novice mistake? Granger could practically take her sweet time reimbursing that debt! He groaned, blaming his upbringing. There was never an issue about paying things in whole. It was something that just came so natural to him – deeply ingrained, inherent."As you can see, there is nothing there that proclaims I have to return everything in one go."He glared at the superior look she sent his way. It was like Hogwarts all over again, when the test results came out and she would find that she bested him at something for the umpteenth time.Hermione let out a sigh at the poorly veiled look of indignation he was sending her way. "I can't keep my entire life on hold for this, Malfoy. I need to know when this will end exactly.""Don't you think I want that as well?"Hermione said nothing as they stared at one another, neither willing to back down. She could see a mixture of anger, panic, and… was that desperation? She still wasn't quite used to seeing him so animated again, but she couldn't deny the fact that he made her curious now. She looked away. She didn't like that she was naturally starting to analyze him just for the sake of doing so."What do you want, Granger?"She took a deep breath, gazing back at him in resolution. "A clearly defined timeline.""Fine. A year."Hermione didn't even have it in her to mockingly laugh at his statement. She could tell by the look on his face that he was utterly serious. "No! Three. Months." She paused to emphasize her offer. After all, his manor's confiscation was supposedly 90 days. Besides, she already spent the past three months rumored to be allegedly dating him.Draco was absolutely incredulous. "Are you bloody-? Three months?! How conspicuous can you get?" He watched her roll her eyes, chucking a hand in the air randomly."Fine! Four."Draco scoffed – half in amusement, half in disbelief – at her audacity. "How very charitable of you Granger. I feel so special." He brought a hand over his heart, nodding his head patronizingly. "Eleven." He spat through gritted teeth.Hermione couldn't help but roll her eyes. "Really, Malfoy? Are you really going down one month at a time?" She bent towards him, eyes boring into his unyielding. "Four. Months.""Ten.""Four." She watched him run a hand through his hair in frustration, nostrils flaring as he huffed and sneered at her. She pursed her lips to hide the amusement she felt at seeing him so blatantly aggravated. It was almost as if his emotions were pouring out of him in waves after denying himself of them for so long."Damn it Granger! Why can't-" He felt his lips part at the expression on her face. Was she seriously trying not to laugh? What about this situation was funny? He wanted to slap the contract across her face just to wipe off that look."Four. Take it or leave it."He ground his teeth. There was no way he backing out of this argument. "Ten. Months."Hermione shook her head obstinately. "That's too long, Malfoy.""No one is going to believe we were serious if we dated that shortly!"Hermione stayed silent, sizing him up as she scanned him from head to toe. She could tell the gesture irked him, but she knew that the negotiations were tipped towards her favor. He could argue all he wanted and get pissed at her all day, but they both knew that no matter what she would offer, he would have no choice but to accept. After all, he needed this arrangement more than she did. She was risking half of her research funding for this, and the possibility of a lifetime of debt, but she was more than confident things would go her way."Final offer." She began, noticing the way his eyebrows rose in surprise and panic. "Four months. Either that, or this ends."Draco glared at her, not bothering to stifle the growing rage he felt towards her. He could tell by the way she acted that she knew he couldn't resist. He had no choice in this matter at all. If she walked away now, before they could even 'solidify' their relationship to the public, everything that he worked so hard for would have been for nothing.He swallowed his overwhelming anger, chipping it away bit by bit – one incensed fragment at a time. He needed to think.Hermione could see the telltale signs of occlusion in his eyes. She watched his face gradually turn blank, all emotion snuffed out as if they were never there to begin with."If you want to define things, then I suggest we resort to concretizing the number of dates."She blinked. His face was void of any expression, but his voice wasn't as flat as it had been before. It seemed he was still there."Instead of four months, twenty dates." She heard him say.Hermione narrowed her eyes. She had to admit, it was clever of him to count things down through dates instead of months. That way he could prolong their arrangement by delaying their meetups. She folded her arms across her chest."Sixteen." She insisted. She saw his eye twitch at her response, amused that he wasn't completely impassive. "A date each week for four months amounts to sixteen, does it not?" She watched him let out a slow breath, no doubt to calm himself down."Sixteen." He finally says.Hermione watched him amend the contract, eying his writing to make sure that he would stay true to their agreement. Her eyes eventually moved to examine his blank face. Just sixteen more dates and she could finally rid herself of her bizarre, morbid fascination towards Draco Malfoy."Date one out of sixteen." Hermione whispered to herself as she stepped out of the Ministry, fingering the newly issued portkey in her cloak pocket. She sighed. She needed to round up more things for the next fundraiser. Her parents were beginning to doubt the validity of the items she was bringing – most of them looking completely new and unused. It was supposed to be a garage sale after all. But she had neither the time nor the energy to look for secondhand items that could be sold at the event.A mop of platinum blond hair by a food cart made her sigh again. This time, the plan was to run into each other at one of the stands outside the ministry. Malfoy would be there under the pretense of following up on the state of his manor, while she was there for her monthly portkeys to Australia."Malfoy." She greeted with a nod. She watched him turn to look at her in surprise. She fought the urge to roll her eyes at his commitment to the role. He really should be an actor."Granger, fancy meeting you here."Hermione smiled tightly at the vendor who was looking at them with a grin. It seems he read the news too. "One hot latte please. Two cubes of sugar.""Right away, Miss Granger."Hermione blinked at the old man's referral towards her. It was always weird to have strangers acknowledge her as if they've been longtime acquaintances."And if I may say, it's an honor to meet you." He added, grabbing the worn-down hat off his head, revealing a bald patch in the middle of his hair. He bowed at her in reverence.Hermione blinked again, not exactly knowing how to respond. It wasn't often that she would get this kind of sincere, straightforward admiration. She could tell that the old man genuinely respected her for who she was, and not who she knew. It was... nice. She smiled at him, nodding her head in thanks. "I'm flattered, Mr. Luke." She eyed the metal engraving pinned on his clothes."Oh, just Luke is fine, Miss Granger!"Draco raised an amused eyebrow at the blush on the merchant's face, before he turned to look at the polite smile Granger donned. He chuckled to himself. It seemed she was the type to attract older men. He wanted to tease her about his newfound observation, but that would be counterintuitive to what they were trying to achieve."What brings you here?" He finally asks her."Some errands." She answered vaguely, eying the paper cup of steaming black coffee in his hand. She wanted to laugh at how out of place the item was on his person. A three-piece suit, perfectly coifed hair, and Dragonhide boots certainly didn't fit the image of someone who would stand by a food cart. "And you?""Trying my best to cut the bureaucratic red tape off my manor." He took a sip from his cup, trying his best not to scrunch his nose at the taste. He was never one for coffee, but he was sure it wasn't supposed to taste this bitter."How is it, Mr. Malfoy?" Old man Luke asked with expectant eyes, rubbing his hands against each other as he waited for his next brew to finish."It's exquisite." He lied through his teeth."The secret is to grind the beans just right before steeping, sir! Keeps the taste fresh and more vibrant!""Is that so? How revolutionary." Came his deadpan tone.Hermione bit the edge of her bottom lip to hide her amusement at his attempt to be civil. She watched the old man beam at the praise, happy to be acknowledged for his craft."Here you go, Miss Granger!"Hermione nodded her thanks as she took the paper cup in one hand, careful not to let it spill. "So what brings you to a food cart, Malfoy? This hardly counts as your go to cuisine."Draco shrugged. "I needed coffee. Firewhiskey would have been the better choice after that pointless meeting." He rolled his eyes. They could have saved him some time by telling him to just fuck off and count his blessings. "But alas, there's an absence of liquor carts." He looked around to catalog the rest of the food items, before turning his attention back to Luke. "Maybe you can think of adding that to your carte du jour? I'd be more than willing to buy your entire stock every time I drop by.""Oh we're not allowed to sell alcohol, sir." The merchant chuckled sheepishly.Draco sighed. "Shame."Hermione took a moment to tune into her surroundings, feeling it grow heavy with people as the lunch hour rang in. The goal was to be spotted out in broad daylight, sharing a pleasant exchange. It was the perfect opportunity to transition their relationship into something more amicable, using the Belby ball as the reason for the change."Perhaps I can interest you in some doughnuts?" Luke motioned a hand towards the glass container that housed several stacks of the dessert."What do think looks good, Granger?"Her sudden inclusion in the conversation took her by surprise. "Uh… That one looks good." She pointed at a plain looking glazed doughnut. She heard Draco chuckle as he shook his head."The safe option, I see."Hermione raised a brow at the lopsided smile he sent her. Was he trying to be charming? She failed to stop herself from scoffing."One glazed doughnut, for the lady and…" He took a moment to scan the rest of the items in silent contemplation. "I'll have this one."Hermione eyed him incredulously. "Are you serious?""Go big or go home, Granger." He shrugged, an air of abandon in his demeanor; a wide grin on his face.It was so weird seeing him like this – so casual, so laidback, so agreeable. Just like that, Hermione was back to scrutinizing him. They've been at this for more than three months, but up until now, she still couldn't figure him out. The only thing she could conclusively determine about him was the fact that he was an annoyingly talented actor."One glazed doughnut for Miss Granger, and one Unicorn Explosion for Mr. Malfoy."Hermione watched Malfoy's hand pause midway from acquiring the doughnut, no doubt in shock after hearing the name of his choice. It was a ghastly thing covered in rainbow glaze, full of marshmallows, sprinkles, glitter dust, and sugar icicles. It made her want to gag. She watched Malfoy eye it suspiciously, no doubt regretting his decision now.She bit into her doughnut, humming her approval as she threw a look towards Luke, who grinned gleefully at her reaction. She glanced at Malfoy, prompting him to do the same, jutting her chin towards the monstrosity in his hand. She saw him swallow, bringing the dessert towards his mouth hesitantly, before he finally took a bite. She watched his brows rise in genuine surprise, throwing the merchant a glance as he nodded."Not bad."The old man looked just about ready to pass out from all the praise.Hermione found herself face to face with the colorful doughnut before she could say another word. It looked much worse up close."Try it."She blinked at him, not sure how to respond to his bold move. She could feel everyone staring at them in curiosity. Surely this was a bit much? They did agree to be more public, but an indirect kiss in broad daylight seemed like too big of a leap."No thanks, Malfoy." She raised a hand towards him, shaking her head awkwardly. She watched him frown."I'm sure Luke would like to hear a review." He added, tilting his head towards the old man who nodded enthusiastically in agreement. But Hermione had a feeling it was less for her approval, and more for his entertainment."Here." Draco took a tissue off the cart, tearing a section off his doughnut, resulting to an avalanche of sugar. He ignored the mess on the floor, stretching his hand out to offer a portion of his dessert to her.She was looking at him with wide questioning eyes, unsure of what to do. She saw him nod towards the piece in his hand, nudging it towards her. She took it off his grasp reluctantly, eying it like she would a skittish animal."It's not that bad." As if to emphasize his point, he took another bite off the doughnut, encouraging her to do the same.Hermione took a deep breath, taking a small nibble off the edge, trying her best not to scrunch her face in disapproval. She could see Luke's expectant gaze on her, hoping she would love it. "It's a bit too… sugary." Was all she allowed herself to say.The old man pointed at the doughnut, grinning at her remark. "It's made for sweet tooths!"Draco scoffed, looking at him in amusement. "You don't say!" They laughed in unison for completely different reasons. It was unbelievable how much of his sarcasm went over the merchant's head.She continued to eye him, trying her best not to glare at him in suspicion. The persona he was employing at the moment reminded her a little bit of Theodore Nott – sarcastic but charming, frivolous but pleasant. Was this how he was when he was relaxed? Or was this another one of his acts? She sighed in frustration. She could never tell."A visit from Harry Potter himself! To what do I owe such a pleasure?""Minister." Harry met Kingsley Shacklebolt's hand midway, shaking it firmly in his."Please."Harry moved towards the chair the taller man gestured towards, smiling at him cordially. "I'm sure you're very busy minister, so I won't take up too much of your time."Kingsley took a seat, nodding his head towards one of his top Aurors. "You said there was something you needed to inquire about?""Yes." Harry swallowed uncomfortably, still trying to figure out a way to ask what he wanted to without sounding accusatory. "It's been brought to my attention that several purebloods were forced into detention without any grounds after the war." He paused, noting the expression on the older man's face. Harry expected him to be shocked, or even a little bit surprised, but the slight rise of his brows, and the contemplative look on his face, told him everything."Where did you hear this information?"Harry had always been intimidated by the man. He was six foot and two inches tall, and had a build at least double his own. But in that one question, he felt his blood chill, threatened by the underlying promise interlaced in the older man's tone. "From several pureblood families who grew antagonistic at the mere sight of me in my Auror uniform." He answered vaguely, not wanting to give anything away. He had gone to see the Greengrasses, Bulstrodes, Flints, and Fawleys over the past couple of days, and they had all reacted the same way Pansy had when she first caught sight of him."So it's true." Harry concluded after a moment of prolonged silence. He kept his gaze on Kingsley's face, watching as the older man assessed him silently with calculating eyes."Why?" Harry finally found himself asking, not being able to hold himself back any longer."Mr. Potter." Came Shacklebolt's authoritative tone. "When do you supposed the war ended? If you could attribute one simple occurrence to it."Harry narrowed his eyes, unsure of where the conversation was going. "When Voldemort died." He replied resolutely. After all, what other answer was there? He watched the minister give him a small smile reminiscent of an expression that Sirius had once given him. It was a look that told him he was naïve – too simpleminded, too much of a child."There is no one marker that ends war, Mr. Potter. There is, and will always be, a need to constantly snuff out embers of it before it grows back into a full blown Fiendfyre." Kingsley interlaced his fingers, bringing them under his chin, glancing at the young boy who was looking at him without any attempt to hide his contempt."And that's what you did? You didn't care that innocent people got dragged into the mix?""May I remind you, Mr. Potter, that I, too, am a pureblood."Harry shook his head, a look of incredulity on his face. "What does that have to do with anything?""I know our world well, Mr. Potter." He smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. The expression made him look eerie and daunting. "With purebloods, there is no such thing as a person who is truly innocent. There is always something someone knows – something someone's witnessed, heard, observed – but never reported.""And you couldn't have done it through legal means?"Kingsley took a moment to look at the righteous face of the Boy Who Lived, reminiscing the days when he had been that gullible. "Did you know, Mr. Potter, that on the very day Voldemort died, the Death Eaters had been planning on assigning a new face to their cause?"Harry failed to hide his surprise at the statement."They have a list, Mr. Potter, of eligible candidates." Kingsley smirked at the look on the younger man's face. "If we had taken a few more days to delay our response – process the necessary papers, employ more manpower, acquire enough evidence – we'd still be in the middle of the battle field right now, wondering just what had gone wrong."Harry fisted the hand on his leg, unsure whether he could trust Minister Shacklebolt's words."I did what had to be done, Mr. Potter. I don't expect any praise for it, and I'm not asking for anyone's validation."Harry looked straight into the dark eyes that bore into his own. The intensity of the minister's gaze reminded him a bit of how Legilimency felt."Somebody had to do the job no one else wanted to."Draco tried his best to make himself as surreptitiously conspicuous as he could as he walked through the lobby. He rolled his eyes at the contradicting thought. They agreed on a simple lunch date at St. Mungos this time around. It took her awhile to accept the idea, but after he laid out his arguments, there was no reason for her to say no. Meeting in her office wasn't impersonal, but it was definitely a far cry to an outright date at a restaurant. And the fact that he was dropping by during lunch break could make it pass as a courtesy call.Before Draco could knock on her door, it swiveled open to reveal a familiar looking man he was sure he's seen somewhere. He eyed the smaller man's slicked down dark hair parted right in the middle, emphasizing the pointy quality of his nose and chin. Judging by his clothes, he was a healer as well."Mr. Malfoy." He sounded surprised.Draco eyed his nameplate covertly, before he nodded his head towards him. "Healer Husslehurf."Gregory Husslehurf tilted his head to one side, trying his best to reel in his shock. "What brings you here?"Draco raised a white paper bag by its twisted handles. "Delivery.""For?" The healer asked before he could stop himself.Draco raised an eyebrow at the inquiry. Wasn't it obvious? He was standing right outside her office for crying out loud."Oh, Draco! What are you doing out there?"The use of his given name caught him off guard. He stared at her for a few seconds, blinking awkwardly before he found his voice once again. "I hope I didn't come at a bad time. I was in the area, so I thought I'd drop by."Hermione ignored the look of utter disbelief the pureblood healer threw her way. She hated the fact that he had once accused her of using Malfoy as a way to climb up the social ladder when, in reality, it was the other way around. So when she overheard the mediwitches and wizards gossip about how Gregory would drop by the blonde man's room whenever he could, she decided she would use that information one day to get back at him a bit for all the pettiness he'd thrown at her."It's fine." She called out with a smile. "I'm on break. Come in." She kept her gaze on Malfoy as he made himself comfortable on her couch, eying Gregory by the corner of her eye. She wanted to laugh at the slack jawed expression on his face."Oh, was there something else, Healer Husslehurf?"The man shook his head immediately, scurrying out of the room as he shut the door."What was that about?"Hermione chuckled at the clueless look on Malfoy's face, deciding not to let him in on the fact that the healer who just left harbored a bit of a schoolboy crush on him. She had a strong feeling Gregory would be loose lipped about what he had just witnessed. He honestly couldn't have come at a better time. "Nothing. So what did you get for date number two?" She eyed the paper bag he brought with him.Draco rolled his eyes, setting up the packets of food on the coffee table. "You're keeping count? If anyone should, it should be me. Do you have any idea how long it's been since I last had a good shag?" He scoffed in disbelief, before the expression on his face fell. "Could this actually be a classic case of blue balls?"Hermione laughed out loud at the unexpected pun. The serious way he said it – eyebrows scrunched, lips frowning, eyes narrowed – as if it was something to contemplate hard on, made it even funnier.Draco was taken aback by the sheer abandon of her amusement. This was the first time she actually laughed in glee because of something he had said. He watched as the corner of her eyes crinkled; lips in a wide smile revealing perfectly white teeth. Her sudden outburst brought a flush to her cheeks – a nice complement to the pale color of her skin. He blinked. Had he really been the cause of such mirth?Realizing what she had just done, Hermione tried to pass off the rest of her giggles as coughs. "Uh no, Malfoy. Prolonged abstinence does not cause blue balls."Draco hummed, focusing on arranging the rest of their meal on the table instead. The sudden silence between them emphasized the awkward tension in the room.Hermione ran a finger through her temple as she headed towards the couch across Malfoy's. It wasn't really a date. He was just bringing lunch to her office, making sure to be spotted. But for some reason, being alone with him without an audience made things seem more intimate and personal. This was the first time they wouldn't have to actively act for anyone.They ate in silence, neither willing to initiate a conversation. After all, what was the point? No one was there to see it. To say that the entire meal was awkward was definitely an understatement.Clearing out what was left of the salmon in her take away, Hermione stalked towards her work desk, pulling a drawer open to rummage for something. "I have a suggestion."Draco looked up from his task of packing away their used utensils, when his eye caught hold of a familiar item in her grasp. It was that thing she used to call those cars that would take them wherever they wanted to go. He narrowed his eyes, watching her walk back towards the sofa as he packed the last of the empty food containers."As you already know, this is a cellphone." She held the item out for him to see, flipping it open. "You can use it to send someone messages much faster than an owl. You can call someone easily as well, not requiring a floo or having to deal with the inconvenience of someone not being home. And it lets you take photographs, which I already showed you before.""Granger, why are you telling me all this?" He asked despite already having an inkling of her answer."Being caught with one would be good for your image." She watched him look at the item with disdain and suspicion as she slid it slowly across the table towards him. She took a deep breath, braising herself for whatever reply he might throw at her."Theo told me about those 'signals'. Invisible waves he called it, and how it exists constantly around muggles to make those things work." He jutted his chin towards the metal block, as if the act of pointing at it was offensive. "I refuse to have something so obscure surrounding me, day in and day out, without knowing the adverse effects it might have on my constitution."Hermione pursed her lips to stop herself from laughing, but a few bouts of giggles escaped through her nose. His words reminded her of her father's whenever he would rant about conspiracy theories concerning phones, and how he'd die before he would use such a contraption. "I've used this for years, Malfoy. I'm still alive." She teased. The sudden scandalized look on his face confused her. "What?""You've used it..." He glared at the metal phone on his side of the table, eying the scratches and chips on its surface. The flipped block had definitely seen better days. "...For years?" He looked at her clearly appalled. "I'll have you know that I've never…" He paused, as if his next words were so belligerent he couldn't bring himself to utter them. He held a hand out in front of him both to steel himself and to reject her offer all together. "Never in my life, have I been given a hand me down."Hermione couldn't suppress the laugh that bubbled out of her throat. When she saw him throw her a look of utter incredulity, she laughed even harder. All the possible comebacks she could have said were drowned out by the hilarity of it all. She thought he was disgusted by the fact that it was a muggle device, but instead, he was offended by ambiguous signals and the thought that it was secondhand. She continued to snicker. It was moments like these that made her see the old him. She blinked. Wait, the old him?"What the hell is so funny, Granger?" Draco couldn't understand her humor at all. She would laugh at the most random things that didn't make sense. Just the fact that she found him funny was downright... Strange. He watched her wipe the small tears from the corner of her eyes, heading back to her bureau to store the phone in the drawer once again."Never change, Malfoy." He heard her say. The fondness in her gaze, and the playful tone of her voice made him look away."Why are you here again?"Theo looked up from his position on the couch, lifting a bag of potato chips in greeting. "Hey, Pans! Thought I might help myself to your snacks. It's a bit hard to watch a movie without anything to munch on."Pansy growled as she stalked towards her home theater. She hasn't exactly figured out how it worked yet, but it wasn't like she bothered to learn. She only had it in her flat because it had been Theo's housewarming gift, which she found out later on that it was more for him than her. She moved towards the one place she knew how to operate. Pulling out the main plug, she watched with satisfaction as the appliances died simultaneously."Hey!""Out with it." She moved to stand right in front of him – one leg out, both arms crossed.Theo wanted to roll his eyes at the practiced pose."What did you do?" Came her accusatory tone.Theo raised a hand over his heart. "Can't it just be that I've missed you? That I just… want to spend time with one of my closest, dearest friends?"Pansy rolled her eyes. "Fact check."Theo sighed. "Here we go again." This was one of her favorite things. Reality orientation, she called it. He watched her raise one finger at a time to emphasize her point."One. We've only really interacted two years ago, thanks to Blaise. Two. We only hang out with each other if there's no other choice. Three. You only ever hide out here if Blaise and Draco aren't an option." Pansy brought down her fingers, folding her arms across her chest once again. "So spit it out. Who did you piss off this time around?""No one."Pansy rolled her eyes once again. "Theo, don't pout. It's not cute on a grown man." She flopped down the couch beside him, crossing one leg over the other. "But judging by your level of brooding, I put my money on Draco." She watched his eyebrows rise up his forehead. She rolled her eyes yet again, realizing that it was probably the Nott heir's fault why she'd gotten so good at the gesture. "So which part of his life did you meddle in this time?" When his jaw fell open, Pansy couldn't help but scoff, offended by the genuine surprise on his face. "Theo, I know you think you're so mysterious and all, but really, your face says it all. Every damn time." She sighed. "So much so that I really wonder if you've been placed in the wrong house.""I did something bad." He finally admitted, in a quiet voice."Don't you always?"Theo knew he couldn't tell her about the details. He didn't trust her enough to stay silent about it if she knew her first love's current rumored relationship was fake. So he stayed silent. The fact that Draco wasn't confronting him about it, or owling him for an explanation, was what concerned him the most. Did his interference make his childhood friend angry beyond consolation?Pansy sighed again. "This is just like that time you were so anxious about telling Draco you stayed in the muggle world during most of the war, and that you ended up falling in love with it." She scrunched her nose at the latter part of her sentence.Theo hummed. He could still clearly recall the exchange they had that day."You were so scared he would leave and never talk to you again." Pansy deadpanned, rolling her eyes for the umpteenth time. If she took a shot for every instance she did that with Theo, she'd definitely be piss ass drunk. "Did he?" She raised brow at him.Theo shook his head."And what did he say to your confession?" She prompted him to continue, sounding like a professor trying to coax an answer out of a reluctant student.Theo sighed. Draco never asked him how he survived the war. But when he finally told him how, Draco put it in such simple terms that made it possible for him to let go of a bit of his guilt. "You're alive, aren't you? What else matters?" He echoed the words of his best friend that made him cry in relief that day."See?" Pansy splayed her palms out to prove her point. "If he can get over the fact that you love muggle stuff…" She scrunched her nose up again in disgust. "I'm sure he can get over whatever shit you've gone ahead and done."Theo sighed, he knew she was trying her best to make him feel better, in her own Pansy Parkinson way, but the derogatory tone she employed whenever she talked about muggles irked him. "What is it with you and your dislike for anything muggle?""What?" The straightforward question took her off guard.Theo moved out of the couch wordlessly to plug in the home theater – turning on every single gadget he could find."Theo, what are you-" Before Pansy could even finish her question, he was in the kitchen opening the double doors of her refrigerator. He moved in a rush to turn on the microwave, wind up the toaster, and fire up the stove. He doubled back to set up the oven as an afterthought.Pansy raised both her hands up in a gesture of incredulity when she saw him grab the remote control, turning the air conditioner on and off, before pulling out the phone to order a pizza. She eyed him like a madman. "What the bloody hell are you doing, Theo?!"He finally paused to glance at her, allowing them both a few seconds to let the chaos sink in. He gestured at her flat that had suddenly sprung to life – hands splayed out towards its entirety. "Pansy, look around you. Do you not see what I see?" He brought his arms down, letting them bounce against the sides of his torso unceremoniously. "We're surrounded by the finest form of wandless magic. How are you not in awe?"Draco grumbled as he stood outside of Flourish and Blotts, holding onto at least five other packages that were beginning to weigh his arms down. Date number three was supposed to be an accidental run in at Diagon Alley, to which he, being the perfect gentleman that he is, would offer to help her carry some of her purchases. What he didn't expect though, was that he would be led by the nose from one shop to another, acting like her glorified house elf."Sorry, took a while. The line was long."He fought the urge to glare at her. He knew the damn line was long. The number of people who've gotten in and out the bookstore in the last half hour would have been enough to fill the Great Hall."Here let me get that." Hermione took one bag off his load, depositing it on her other hand. When they planned the third date to end up like this, she decided to get in as many errands as she could, so she would be able to free up the rest of her week for her research. She'd finally gotten in touch with a famous neuropsychiatrist from Japan who was one of the muggle world's leading researchers on memory. She needed to take some time off to fly to her office and interview her as much as she could.Draco eyed the paper bag she cradled on one hand with the bookstore's name etched on it. "That the last of it?"Hermione nodded. "Yeah, thanks." She could tell the long wait and the parcels he had to carry were turning his mood sour, but if he hadn't been so opposed to using her beaded handbag, they wouldn't be having this issue. She rolled her eyes as they walked side by side, ignoring the blatant stares and whispers in their direction. She never understood the need to have men carry items for her. She could have easily done this by herself with any bag and a simple extension charm.They walked towards an alley, hiding away from the sight of the masses to apparate to her apartment. To say that Draco was surprised when she added him to her wards was an understatement. It was mainly to make slipping away from their endeavors easier, but just that fact that he had been given that form of access to her home… well, he didn't know what to make of it.Hermione glared at him the moment he dropped her packages onto her couch without a care, thankful that there was nothing particularly fragile in them. She watched him take a sniff of his fingers, face contorting in disgust. "Did you have Armadillo Bile in there?" He was looking at her with wide eyes.Hermione blinked at him, surprised he'd been able to tell given just the smell. "Yes. I need it for my Wit-Sharpening Potion." She watched him growl in annoyance, stalking off somewhere in her flat. "Where are you going?" She look at his retreating back in disbelief."Bathroom."Hermione watched him navigate through her home with an ease that unnerved her. He moved as if it was a space he routinely occupied and knew like the back of his hand. Her flat definitely wasn't huge and getting used to its layout wasn't difficult, but the way he moved around in it with a purpose and a familiarity didn't quite sit well with her.She moved to go after him when the unexpected green light from the floo startled her."Hermione! I did something!"The crazed look in her best friend's green eyes made her raise her hands up to calm him down. "Harry, is everything okay?""I quit." He tried to swallow down a giggle but failed. "Just now!" He was bouncing on the balls of his feet looking high on several vials of pepper up potion. He began pacing around her living room with an energy he couldn't quite explain the source of."Wait, what?" Hermione needed to close her eyes for a moment to process what he just said."I chucked my resignation letter down on Kingsley's table like this!"Hermione flinched at the quick gesture Harry made with his hand, looking very much like he just slapped someone lopsided on the head."And I said, I have a view of what the light side looks like, and this isn't it."Hermione eyed him in disbelief, utterly speechless. Here he was, telling her that he just quit his job – a career he dreamed of for as long as she could remember – and he was snickering like it was the funniest joke he's ever heard."Harry, what on earth happened? Why did you-""Hermione, I think I used up all your shampoo. I'll just replace it the next time I-"Hermione felt her mouth fall open at the sight of Malfoy in lounge clothes, wiping a large towel over his head. She could practically feel Harry's eyes on her, judging her silently for whatever ideas he now probably had in his head."Potter." Draco called out hesitantly, avoiding eye contact, looking like he wanted to be anywhere else but here.Hermione wanted to chuck the bottle of Armadillo Bile right at his lying face! He was doing this on purpose! He transfigured his suit into a matching jumper and lounge pants, wet his hair, and was acting all sheepish, just so he could give Harry the wrong idea!"You just run into each other a lot huh?" Harry sighed, eyes shifting between the two of them, before resting heavily on Hermione's.Hermione tried her best to explain, but everything she could think of, the nondisclosure clause of the contract counteracted. Instead, she ended up looking like she was trying to lie her ass off, but couldn't, for the life of her, think of one thing to say.Harry raised his hands in defeat. "Excuse the intrusion." He threw Hermione one more look, silently telling her that this discussion was far from over."Wait, Harry I-"The pop of apparition was all she got as a reply.Draco grinned as he moved to stand alongside the still stunned Gryffindor, eying the spot where the Golden Boy had been. He recoiled at the sudden sting of a hand colliding roughly against his arm. He looked at her in shock, rubbing the now sore spot near his shoulder."What the fuck were you thinking?!"Draco knew he should have retaliated to her slap, but he couldn't get over the hilarity of the situation. He fought the grin itching to engulf half of his face, opting to don a small smirk instead. "You should be thankful for my quick thinking, Granger. A quick spray from the shower and you've got this 'I just finished cleaning up after sex' look." He ran a hand through his hair.Draco took a step back reflexively, raising his hands up in protection, when she stomped a foot against the floor, looking like she would lunge at him at any moment. "Did you just flex on me, Granger?" He eyed her in utter disbelief.It was hard enough that she had to pretend for strangers, but now, she had to act in front of Harry too?! Her best friend who had the most earnest green eyes who could see through all her lies with just one look? Hermione tried her best to bite down the urge to strangle him on her living room floor. "Leave. Now. Before I hex you into the next century!"Draco didn't need to be told twice. He offered her a mock salute that he was sure would piss her off, before vanishing with a pop.Ron nearly screamed at the sight of the black swollen eye that met him the moment he turned on the kitchen lights. "Merlin's fucking balls, Ginny!" He looked wide-eyed at the bruise that swamped almost half of her face.Ginny rolled her eyes at her brother's excessive reaction. He was holding one hand to his heart, and another by the wall to steady himself."What happened to your face?!"Ginny looked back down at the cup of hot milk in front of her, leaning the good side of her chin on one palm. "Bludger."Ron nodded, finally understanding the reason why she looked like someone cast a blotched glamour charm on her face. "Who were you up against?""Caerphilly Catapults." She answered curtly.Ron moved towards the table awkwardly, placing one hand over the worn-down wood, tapping it tentatively. "Did you win?""Hn.""Congratulations." Ron sighed, eying his sister's uninterested demeanor, not bothering to hide the fact that she still wasn't in the mood to talk to him. Her one word answers were still a welcome change from the complete and total dismissal she'd given him months prior."You should get a salve for that." He pointed towards her face. "Did you cast a cooling charm on it?""Hn."He sighed again, moving to grab a glass of water. "Do you mind?" He pointed towards a chair across her, hoping she wouldn't walk out on him this time.Ron felt a glimmer of hope thunder through his chest when she shrugged. It wasn't technically an approval, but it wasn't a dismissal either. He took a seat wordlessly, taking another sip of water, before placing it back on the table. "So…" He rubbed his palms against the fabric of his pajama pants. "How've you been?""Same."He nodded, reminding himself that the fact that she was talking to him was a good thing, no matter how offhanded her replies sounded. "You've been good?""Hn."He scratched the back of his head. "I-uh… Talked to Harry a few months ago." He paused to eye her, gauging whether he would continue or not. He watched her sigh out loud, taking a sip from her mug wordlessly.Ron didn't know how to continue the conversation without pissing her off. They haven't really talked since his breakup with Hermione. Everyone in his family had been grossly disappointed with him, but Ginny had taken it to heart the most. "Are you okay?""Don't." Was all he heard her say.Don't what? Don't speak to her? Don't ask? Don't try to act like he understood? Don't pretend to care? Ron ran a hand through his hair. "Look, Ginny. I know you're mad at me, and I get that I deserve that. But I just want to know if you're okay, alright? You get back home at really odd hours, sometimes piss ass drunk and…" He paused to look at her. "And you look like you've been through hell lately.""Bludger."Ron rolled his eyes at her answer. "I didn't mean that." He gestured towards her face. "I mean in general. Your disposition. It's just…" He sighed, trying to find the words that would express what he meant. He ran a hand through his face. "Talk to me."Ginny finally let herself look up at her older brother. She never really thought much of him, since he was never really that smart. But he was earnest, trustworthy, and… He would do it begrudgingly, but he always did the right thing. Hearing that he'd done something so horrid, and to one of her friends nonetheless… She just couldn't bring herself to come into terms with it."I know you're upset with me, Ginny." Ron looked down at his hands, not able to take the judgment in her gaze any longer. "I was selfish. I was a coward… And I didn't want to have the difficult conversations." He let out a drawn-out sigh. "I was just so tired. Of everything. I just… I wanted to forget and move on. But… But Hermione…" He paused, as if what he would say next pained him. "She couldn't. She was stuck in it. And no matter how hard I tried, she wouldn't let me in. She just- She didn't want any help."Ginny said nothing. She looked at the weary expression on her older brother's face that made him look much older than he actually was."I ran into a pub with Lav one evening and we caught up." He glanced up to see that his sister had her eyes on him the entire time. He looked away again. "It was just for chats at first and there wasn't anything there. But one night, after another fight with Hermione, I asked if she had time, and we met up, got drunk, and then that was it." He ran his palms through his face several times, as if the gesture could rub away the guilt still eating away at him until now. "I wanted to stop it after the first time. And Lav was adamant about it not happening again too. But…" He let out a sigh of resignation. "I couldn't help it."Ginny felt a bubble of anger slowly rise from her chest, clawing all the way up to her throat, begging to be unleased. "You couldn't help it?" Came the vitriol in her tone. "The first time, fine, you can write off as an accident. But the next few times? Those were deliberate!" The image of a certain dark-skinned dark-haired Slytherin flashed through her mind, quieting her down instantly."I know." Ron grumbled, face in his palms, missing the way his sister's face contorted in shock at her own realization. "But she made me feel safe. I could talk to her about anything. I felt like… She was really listening to me, you know? She was there with me." He dragged his hands off his face, looking back at the other redhead in the room. "I tried so many times to break it up with Hermione. I did. I really did but-" He ran another hand through his messy hair. "Every time I would muster up the courage, I would see her… just…" He sighed at the memory of her screaming in the middle of the night, crying until she fell back to sleep. "She was so… broken. I couldn't bring myself to break her further." He heard the irony in his statement, making him want to throw himself off the closest building he could find."When the article on the prophet got out, I had no idea what to do! I found out about it at work when Harry dragged me to a corner, literally slamming a copy of it on my face." He leaned back on the chair – arms sagging to his sides, head leaning back to stare at the ceiling. "I never told anyone about us, not even Harry! I had no idea how anyone could have gotten those pictures. I tried to find Hermione to apologize, but when I got back to our place, all her things were gone. I wanted to search for her, but I thought maybe she needed some space and-"He closed his eyes. Who was he kidding? When he found out she had left, that not a single trace of her could be seen in their apartment, he was… relieved. That way, he didn't have to have the difficult conversations. He could get away with the fact that she had left him no choice."I'm an asshole." He admitted out loud."I think we've already established that as a fact." Ginny muttered in agreement, still reeling from her own examination of her current situation. She wasn't cheating, and neither was he. But she'd be lying to herself if she said it was something she could easily stop doing. If someone would ask her the reason why she kept at it, she wasn't exactly sure either. She grumbled to herself. She hated it, but it made her understand where her older brother was coming from."Lav wanted us to stop when the articles got out. She said we never should have done it in the first place." Ron sighed, sitting up to place his intertwined hands back on the table. "She got the brunt of it, you know. The hate. She would get howlers and letters with hexes in them. She would get disturbing packages in her mail, people on the street would call her names, and guys would act really disrespectful towards her." He closed his eyes, recalling everything she had to go through because of him. "She became a mess. And… I couldn't leave her. But not just because she was being harassed." He paused to look his little sister in the eye. "I really love her."Ginny felt her lips part at the realization that his brother's relationship wasn't as shallow as she made it out to be. It definitely wasn't born out of good intentions and responsible decisions, but as she sat in the dimly lit kitchen of the Burrow, looking at her brother's blue eyes staring at her so sincerely, she understood."Mother, we need to go." Draco rapped against the door to her bedroom, unsure of why she was taking so long. They were only allotted an hour to visit his father every year. With her being in Azkaban for the previous year, and him being strictly on house arrest, that meant it's been nearly two years since they've last seen him. He was surprised the ministry bestowed his mother visitation rights, despite the ruling of her case. But whatever motivated them to do so, Draco neither had the time nor the patience to try and comprehend. The dealing of their case, and the current persecution they were experiencing, were as arbitrary as they could get.Draco sighed when he heard no response from the other side of the door. He expected his mother to be a bit more enthusiastic, but it wasn't like he was surprised. Theirs wasn't exactly the picture perfect description of a marriage full of love.The door flung open to reveal bloodshot eyes, and a hasty makeup job done to conceal what seemed like a bout of crying. Draco narrowed his eyes, just about to ask what was wrong, when his mother showed him a golden envelop that filled him with dread."They're taking our Gringotts account this time." He heard her say.Draco scanned the letter in disbelief, laughing bitterly at the timing. They just had to send the letter on the one day his father had been allowed visitation rights. He couldn't even bring himself to get angry over the injustice of it all. Whoever was behind this, as one Slytherin to another – he was sure no other house could be this conniving – he wanted to congratulate them for their pettiness."Not a word about this to your father, you understand? I'm sure he's probably heard about the manor but this one, we keep between us, alright Draco?"Draco let out a sigh. If the people behind his family's persecution were this spiteful, he wouldn't put it past them to have a prison guard slip that information to his father."Draco?""Yes, mother." He nodded nonetheless.Draco eyed the blunt plastic spoon Lucius held in one hand, scooping a portion of the roast duck into his mouth as gracefully as he could. It seemed life in prison hadn't sullied his table manners.He eyed his father's platinum blonde hair that was a mirror of his own, much longer than he had ever seen it – grazing the top of his hips. He looked gaunt and somewhat sickly; the stubble on his jaw emphasized his unkempt look even further.But his eyes were the worst. What were once liquid mercury had turned into a lackluster steel just a breath away from corroding. They shifted between unfocused to disoriented, glazed then manic. It was a strange sight to see, an inexplicable thing to experience – sitting right across his father, the one person whose approval he withstood an entire war for, looking like the shell of the man he once was."How's the food?"Draco wanted to roll his eyes at his mother's attempt at conversation. They haven't seen each other in almost two years and all they could muster up was small talk about the cuisine?"Wonderful." He heard his father reply, bringing down the cheapest cutlery Draco was sure the Malfoy patriarch had ever laid his hands on. He wanted to say something, anything really.How are you father? Have you been eating well? It didn't look like he did. Not at all. Do you have nightmares when you sleep? Because I had, for a time. Until I learned to hide them away. Far far away where my mind couldn't reach them. He couldn't remember the last time he dreamt. But it certainly wasn't something he missed. Do you regret it father? Do you wish you could take it all back? Because he did. He really did. Every damn fucking day."By the way, I heard something interesting. Would you care to elaborate on it, Draco?"Draco felt his eyebrows raise at the sudden mention of his name. It felt strange to hear it with his father's voice after all these years."I've been told you're dating a muggle-born witch."Draco heard the faint sound of his mother holding her breath, while he struggled to maintain his own. He primed himself for this – thought of the possibility that the rumors about him had reached even the corners of Azkaban. But he certainly wasn't prepared enough to face the brunt of his father's judgement."The man in the cell across mine mentioned it after he'd seen his family a couple of weeks ago."Draco swallowed, dropping his gaze down, no longer able to handle the weight of the silver eyes staring right at him. He heard his father hum in understanding at his overt evasion. His silence was more than enough of an admission. It wasn't like he could tell his father it was all an elaborate ruse – a desperate act to try and nudge things in their favor, no matter how small. He was certain there were eyes and ears in every nook and cranny of the bare room they were housed in."What's her name?"Draco forgot how to breathe, feeling his blood chill all the way down to his bones."The man wouldn't tell me, snickering when I asked. He said it was better to hear it from you."Draco felt his mother's hand over his, grasping at it as if it was the only thing capable of keeping her alive."Draco."Draco felt his breath hitch at the sudden authoritarian tone his father employed. He'd long since forgotten how it sounded, but its effect was instantaneous. His chin lifted up, spine straightening along with it as his eyes shot up towards his father – attentive and obedient. He fought the compulsion, forcing himself to look back down towards his mother's hand."Draco."His eyes were back to the identical gray right across him before he even realized. In that moment, he was seven again, being told repeatedly how to show respect towards his father.Look at me when I'm talking to you.Do not, and I repeat, do not ever raise your voice at me.Never question my decisions, Draco. I'm always right.Do not speak out of turn. Do not interrupt me when I'm talking.Do what I tell you. I know what's best for you.Lucius' next order came before Draco could snap out of it."Tell me who she is."Draco barely had time to recollect himself. The compulsion to follow was stronger than his resolve. "Hermione Granger." He blinked, and in the next moment, his father was on him – lunging over the table, toppling them backwards onto the ground. He winced when the back of his head hit the stone floor. The steel chair dug mercilessly into his spine, but he had no time to recover. A pair of hands were on his neck, squeezing the life out of him with a vengeance he hadn't felt since the war.Draco clawed at the fingers against his throat, feeling his nails dig into cold flesh, shearing it upon contact. He could hear muffled screams that sounded distant to him. There was a ringing in his ear that grew louder and louder – robbing him of the ability to hear, paralyzing his ability to think. All he could see was his father's livid face a foot away from him, glaring at him with every intention of ending his life.Was this it?He could see his father's mouth moving, but he couldn't make out the words. His mother was by his side, clawing at his father desperately, probably in tears. Everything was moving in slow motion. The images blurred, lagged, fizzled – looking like something conjured from a faulty pensieve.So this was the end. Narcissa watched in horror as her only son let go of Lucius' hands, dropping his arms languidly on his sides. "Draco!"Draco stared blankly at the gray eyes that looked just like his own. He was tired. He was so very tired.This was fine, wasn't it? This was okay, right? Just a little bit more and there would be no more pain. No more regrets. No more nothing. He was just so tired.It was about time he finally had some rest."Draco! What are you doing?!" Narcissa continued to pull at Lucius' shoulders, moving to grab his neck, his hair, his shirt – anything she could pull on to make him stop. She kept screaming at him to let go – that he was hurting his son, that he was going to kill him. But nothing reached him. He latched onto Draco as if that one act could filter the life he was draining from his very own son, right onto him.Draco heard a slam loud enough to register on his barely conscious mind. The hands on him were gone, forcing his lungs to seize up at the sudden influx of air. He raised a hand towards his throat instinctively, not quite able to feel his neck, as he coughed uncontrollably. He felt a bit of his hearing return, finally able to make sense of what his father had been screaming at him."How dare you betray the Dark Lord?! He'll kill us all! He'll kill us all!"Draco heard the clatter of cutlery, grunts and struggles here and there, until Lucius was finally nowhere to be seen. He felt a hand on his cheek, no doubt his mother's, but he didn't have a care to check. He released his throat, dropping his hand back down to his side, as he stared unblinking at ceiling.A chuckle escape his chest – despite its heaving, despite all the pain. It started out small, then erupted into full blown laughter that had him wheezing both from the lack of oxygen and the sudden exertion. Tears were in his eyes, spilling down the sides of his temples, but he made no move to wipe them. He laid unmoving on the cold stone floor, laughing uninhibitedly at what seemed like the funniest joke of the century.Narcissa felt her hand slide off her son's face, kneeling on the floor unable to move – frozen by everything she'd just witnessed. She looked at Draco's face, laughing with utter abandon, as if he hadn't just been attacked by his own father with the intent of murder.She watched the large tears spilling from his eyes – a clear contrast to the sound of his mirth – unable to hold back her own. She placed a palm over her mouth to muffle her cries, pressing down further with her other hand as if the gesture would make everything go away.How had everything gone so wrong?End of chapter 13!And just when I thought the last chapter was the longest haha! Sorry it took awhile to update. I was trying to heal up my carpal tunnel syndrome. It's much better now but I don't think I'll be able to update every week. I'll try my best though!This chapter is my response to a comment on chapter six that asked me to 'put bashing in the summary'. I assume this is in relation to my characterization of Ron. I didn't reply to the comment because I didn't want to share this spoiler hehe (I do have this entire story already plotted out). I'd like to think that I'm skillful enough to create characters that aren't two dimensional - characters that are relatable, human, and just real. I hope this chapter, as well as chapter ten (Harry's observation of Ron and Lavender's relationship) gives you a better view of what they are. I'd like to think that we all know/have known/have been a Ron and a Lavender couple once in our lives haha!I'd also really want to point out that last narrative from Ron – how women are regarded when they're involved in a cheating scandal. The brunt of the hate and blame always falls on the female regardless of the circumstances. I wanted to put this issue to light because it's also one of the things patriarchy has ingrained in us deeply. Hopefully this chapter made you think about your own views and ponder on other things as well :)Also, a friend of mine commented on my story that the secondary character's voices seem more distinct than Hermione and Draco's. And I'm glad (also not glad) she noticed that lol because the rationale behind it is a bit of a spoiler. But now that this chapter is out, I can say that this marks the beginning of Draco's exploration through his eyes (we've only ever seen him through Theo and Blaise's, and every time he appears, all his thoughts and actions are only ever in relation to his goals). As the story continues, you'll also get to know more of my version of Hermione as well :) I'm honestly looking forward to the next chapters!Thank you for reading! I'd really appreciate reviews and constructive criticisms :)

"Draco!" Narcissa rushed to grab Draco's arm before he could walk away, ignoring the soot and grime clinging onto her perfectly tailored silver coat from the floo. She heard him let out an impatient breath, not bothering to look back at her."I'm fine, mother."Narcissa moved to stand in front of him; her eyes landing onto a pair of blank cinereal orbs. She took his other arm in her grasp, holding onto him firmly. She would not let him lock himself up in his room after everything that's happened."You are not fine. Talk to me." She glanced at the growing bruise on his neck, inching her fingers towards it. She flinched when his hand grabbed hers, swiping it away before she could touch him. She felt him try to pry her other hand off him, but she held on."Draco, why are you acting like this?" She felt him pause. His gaze on her was empty as he roughly pulled his arm off her grasp. He started to walk away, but she gripped the fabric of his suit jacket to keep him in place. "Don't walk away from me." She made him turn, forcing him to look at her once again."What is wrong with you?" She demanded, hearing him scoff; a few chuckles following suit. He had his eyes closed as if envisioning a fond memory he wasn't willing to share. She let go of her hold on his clothes, unsure of how to deal with him.She'd seen him like this, more than a few times – out in the garden as he stared at the burned pergolas, sitting on top of the broken dining table in the ransacked main dining room, lying down beside the debris of the west wing drawing room. And the latest occurrence – just right after Lucius had strangled him to death. She could never get a serious answer from him whenever she would ask what had happened during the year of his house arrest."What's wrong with me?" She heard him reiterate in a whisper, laughing a couple more times before she saw him take a deep breath."What's wrong with me?!" He screamed.Narcissa was taken aback by his unbridled rage. This was the first time he's ever screamed at her with such disdain. "Don't raise your voice at me! I'm your mother." She watched his anger shift into amusement in the blink of an eye, chuckling once again at whatever it was that he found so amusing."It's so convenient for you and father, isn't it? Using that excuse." He laughed again. "I'm your father. I'm your mother." He imitated in a mocking voice, flipping his arms out offhandedly. "Do this, do that. Listen to me. I know what's best for you."Narcissa stayed silent, not entirely knowing how to respond."You and father have the fucking audacity to demand all kinds of things from me…" He scowled at her, shaking his head in disbelief. "When you were never even parents to begin with.""Watch your tongue, Draco." Narcissa glared back at him. "I will not tolerate that kind of language-""Well then, you better be prepared to tolerate a lot more, mother." He threw a feral grin at her livid expression. "Didn't you say you wanted to talk?" He gestured his hands around the space between them. "Let's talk."Narcissa said nothing, glowering at him and the annoying way he seemed to be goading her. She'd seen Draco do this to some of his friends, mostly towards the Crabbe and Goyle heirs, but never at her or Lucius."Nothing to say?" He looked at her pitifully. "I guess I'll start, then."Narcissa watched him take off his jacket, chucking his cufflinks randomly to one side as he folded his sleeves up to his elbows. Her eyes landed on the dark mark on his left forearm.Draco saw the direction of her gaze, chuckling to himself once again. "Oh don't worry, mother. We won't start with this."Narcissa fisted her left hand, feeling the skin on her forearm burn at the sight of her son's identical mark."Now where were we…? Ah, you were asking what was wrong with me."Narcissa stayed silent as she watched him pace the small living room of their temporary settlement. "Where to begin… Where to begin?" She heard him mumbling to himself."How about we start with the fact that you and father were absentee parents throughout the entirety of my childhood?" He shrugged, as if he just commented on something as simple as the weather. "Sound good?"Narcissa looked at him oddly, not believing he had the nerve to claim such a false thing. "We were never away from you longer than a day, Draco. Meals were always taken together as a family. All holidays and celebrations-""Ah!" He cut her off with a clap of his hands. "I forgot to be more specific. Forgive me, mother." He bowed playfully, much to the annoyance of the Malfoy matriarch. "I meant, the fact that despite being in the same household, you would rather pay people to care for me, than do it yourselves." He shrugged. "You and father never bothered to teach me anything. Aside from the idea of blood supremacy, of course." He chuckled to himself at the absurd irony of it all. "But you didn't even do that right. After all, Voldemort was a half-blood."Narcissa felt her lips part at how easily the dark lord's name fell out of her son's mouth."I've lost count of all the governesses and tutors I've had." He sighed dramatically, recalling how his childhood years had been filled with lessons on almost anything under the sun, hardly ever seeing his parents until it was time for yet another quiet meal."I've also lost count of all the people you've fired for doing something 'highly inappropriate'." He paused to take a breath. "Like that teacher you sent away for wearing muggle clothing. The gall of that man! Walking right into our property with such appalling fashion." He rolled his eyes. "Or the governess you let go because she cooked me pancakes on my birthday. Merlin forbid that I'd be served food made personally by a half-blood right?" He paused, recalling how he'd been so confused why another person had suddenly been in charge of his etiquette lessons. After all, that woman was very nice to him. He had grown to like her."Then there was that elf you renounced because I grew quite fond of him and would spend time chatting with him out in the garden." He paused to glance at Narcissa, placing a hand against his heart sardonically. "So incredibly unbecoming of an heir, right?"He had grown so bored without any company that he would seek out the manor's help to come and play. He was only six then and he had no idea that the elf would face such repercussions. He never knew what became of the magical creature after that. No one would tell him."But nothing could beat what happened to Emily."Draco watched his mother stiffen at the mention of that name."Remember her, mother? I'm sure you do. Even though you tell me time and again that you don't." He watched her avoid eye contact. "I wrote you a letter, remember? I told you that I saw her at Hogsmeade on my second year at Hogwarts." He walked towards Narcissa, stopping just an arm's length away, silently willing her to look him in the eye."She didn't recognize me. Didn't even know me." He could still remember the look of utter surprise and confusion on the governess's face when he ran up to her for a hug. When he reintroduced himself, she said the exact same thing she told him the first time they met.You have a beautiful name.Draco knew there was only one explanation how she could have completely forgotten about him. "What happened to her, mother?"Narcissa finally looked him in the eye. "I don't know what you're talking about.""Liar!" He spat out through gritted teeth."I don't know a governess named Emily.""Stop lying!""It's the truth."Draco fisted his hands, done with tolerating all the lies. Legilimens!(Flashback)"We gave you very strict instructions, Emily. It was very simple.""Please, Mrs. Malfoy. Please."Narcissa eyed the petite half-blood witch before her, crying as she stood stupefied. She took a deep breath, clenching her free hand against her side as she held onto her wand tightly with the other. She watched the governess eye the tip of the wood pressed right onto her forehead."Please…"Narcissa swallowed as she stared at the desperate eyes boring into her own. She felt an arm curl over her back slowly, one hand dangling onto the end of her shoulder."Don't tell me you're hesitating, Cissy."Narcissa kept her eyes onto the petrified woman whose gaze shifted onto the other person in the room."Please Mrs. Lestrange…"Bellatrix ignored the half-blood witch, keeping her eyes onto Narcissa the entire time. "Are you really going to let her get away with it? You hired her with utmost confidence, but she broke your trust! Feeding your son muggle chocolates and reading him muggle books?!"Bellatrix raised her wand towards the governess, glaring at her with unabashed contempt. "Cruc-""Obliviate."Narcissa watched as Emily fell to the floor unconscious. She could feel Bellatrix's gaze on her, heavy and suffocating. A hand was on her hair, stroking it affectionately as a pair of lips landed close to her ear."I can't say I enjoyed the quick ending, but well done little sister."(End of flashback)Draco recoiled at the slap that hit him square on the cheek. The brunt of the force made him take a few steps back."How dare you!" Narcissa yelled at him, utterly livid.Draco barely registered the sting on his face, focusing on letting go of the sensation of his aunt's breath and voice over his ear after reliving his mother's memory. He struggled to hold onto his Occlumency as he tuned out his mother's voice. He could barely hear her screaming as he closed his eyes and focused on pushing unwanted memories back."Look at me when I'm talking to you!"Narcissa immediately quieted down when a pair of blank slate eyes shifted back on her. His cheek, where her hand landed, was red and beginning to swell. Seeing it alongside the now bruised finger marks on his neck wracked her with guilt."How did she know?" Draco eyed his mother, fisting both his hands on his sides. Emily had been his last governess back when he was nine years old. He never told anyone stories about her for fear that she would end up leaving him as well, just like all the others had. "Aunt Bella. How did she know? About Emily. About the chocolates. About the books."Draco watched his mother turn her gaze down onto the floor. He didn't really need her to tell him. He already knew how. After all, how could he not? It was always how Bellatrix managed to know everything about everyone. "It was Legilimency… on me, wasn't it?"Draco felt a simmering in his chest at the sight of his mother's silent demeanor. He could feel the walls of his Occlumency cracking at the weight of his mounting fury.Growing up, he would always experience strange headaches. They were as random and as arbitrary as they could get. There were no identifiable triggers – no definite explanations. No healer could diagnose what was wrong with him, and what had been causing it.He was ten when Bellatrix had been assigned as his mentor in Occlumency and Legilimency. He was ten when he finally understood what all those headaches meant.Draco felt the beginning signs of a panic attack engulf him, fighting it down with everything he had. But instead of the usual feelings of anxiety, this one was filled with hatred. Never before had he felt such an intense surge of rage. It was… suffocating. There was an inexplicable heat coursing through his veins, begging for release. The ringing in his ear was back; his vision blurring. He stopped breathing – forgetting how to entirely."Draco?" Narcissa called out quietly, raising her arms up hesitantly at the sight of him. He looked like he was trying to fight against the cruciatus curse. She heard him let out a long unsteady breath as he bent over – both hands on his knees, desperately trying to catch his breath. The movement caused the room to shake – topping over picture frames, rearranging furniture, breaking liquor bottles, and knocking off books from the shelf."Draco…" Narcissa called out again as she watched him shudder, not knowing what to do. "What's wrong? What's happening to you?" She could feel his magic growing gradually unhinged as he fought back against it, one breath at a time. She took a step towards him, stopping when he finally responded."I was six… I was six when I first told you she scared me."Narcissa withdrew her arms, fisting her hands onto her chest at the strangled sound of his voice."I've told you… all the times I've woken up in the middle of the night… seeing her looming over me… on my bed… delving into my mind the moment I opened my eyes." He paused to hold in a heave that threatened to lurch out his chest. "All the times she would use Legilimency on me… across a room… scolding me to always be prepared."Then she would taunt him of his memories whenever she could. He always hated heading back home after the school year because then, he would see her again. And he just never knew when.Would she be there on the day he got back? A few days after? A couple of weeks? She would usually leave at the end of the day, but there were times she would stay over. And those were the absolute worst.Learn to hide them better, Draco. Or else I'll learn every single one of your secrets for the rest of your life.Draco could hear her cackling in his head, as if she was right there with him. He kept his eyes closed, holding onto his sanity by a thread at the onslaught of memories he tried so hard to occlude."And… what did you say?" He pushed himself up, braising a hand against the wall so he could look his mother in the eye. "She's my aunt… She loves me… I shouldn't be rude… disrespectful… That I should stop being so… silly." He took in a shaky breath, trying his best to drag down the bile inching up his throat. "You said she was teaching me… in the best way she knew how… I thought… I thought I was overreacting."Narcissa didn't realize she started crying. She stayed still, letting the tears flow silently down her cheeks."But then… during the war… I saw you, mother… I saw you… You would always… avoid looking her in the eye…" Draco paused, winded by the sudden force of his wrath. "You were scared of her…"Narcissa looked away, no longer able to handle the judgment in her son's eyes."You were scared of her too!" He screamed, unable to come into terms with the fact that his own mother allowed him to experience that same fear as a young child. "How could you?!" He looked at her accusingly, waiting for an answer. "How could you?" He asked again, this time through a whisper, as if repeating the question could help him make sense of everything."Draco, I…" Narcissa couldn't find the words as she stared at the hurt in his eyes. "I…" She shook her head, still not knowing what to say."Even when Voldemort and his army lived in the manor… you were just… you were always so quick to tell me not to cause a fuss… That I should just follow orders…" Draco's face contorted in pain as he brought his free hand onto his chest, grasping at his shirt as if the gesture would get the angry pounding of his heart to stop. "You and father… you both just never listen… Why wouldn't you listen?"Draco glared at her silent demeanor, tired of not having any answers. "Why mother?!""I don't…" Narcissa kept shaking her head. "I didn't…""When I was told… I had to kill Dumbledore…" He paused to take in an unsteady breath. "I've never wished so much for you and father to stand up for me." He dragged his hand off his shirt, raising a shaky finger up in the air. "Even just that one instance, mother… Just once… Even just to ask for a reconsideration."Draco could feel himself beginning to hyperventilate, but he wouldn't let himself. He was far from done. "But what did you… and father do, mother? Do you remember?"Draco pushed himself off the wall, stalking towards Narcissa with quivering legs. "I looked at you!" He pointed a finger right at her face. "I was looking at you!"Narcissa couldn't tear her gaze away from the broken look on her son's face, still shaking her head as if the gesture could take away all the years of pain and suffering.Draco placed his trembling hands on his mother's shoulders, gripping it firmly to stop himself from losing control. "I was begging you and father for help…" He pleaded as he closed his eyes. "I didn't expect much from father… but I hoped that at least you…" He hung his head low as tears finally poured out of his eyes. "But you looked away… Mother, you looked away…"Their lack of interference when he was writhing in agony, screaming from the bottom of his lungs from getting the mark… that he could let go. But not this. He just couldn't.He'd never felt so betrayed and so abandoned in his entire life.Draco fell to his knees, letting go of his mother's shoulders to grasp at the edge of her coat. "I just… I just wanted you and father to be proud of me."He was always scrambling for a moment of praise, a look of pride – any form of approval. But nothing he did was ever enough.Lucius never failed to give him shit every end of the school year for being beaten by a muggle-born in almost every class, not even bothering to note that he had been ranked second in his entire year. They've never even watched a single game of his in Quidditch, but they were always quick to send him a letter of disappointment the moment they hear of the results.How could you have lost to Harry Potter again?They never saw him as a son. He was always just an heir, a legacy – another name in the lineage they've been trying so hard to protect."Just take it. All of it." He looked up at his mother who was still shaking her head at him. He felt her tears drop onto his cheeks, mixing in with his own. "My name, this blood, this ancestry – everything. Just take it all away, please! My life included!" He grabbed onto the fabric of her clothes, wishing he could just disappear. "Please just let it end! Just let it-"Draco doubled over to one side, retching out the contents of his stomach.Narcissa bent over to support him but he slapped her hands away."Don't touch me!" He crawled towards the wall right next to the fireplace, nudging himself against the tight corner."Draco-""Just leave me alone." Came his hoarse voice, barely above a whisper. "I can fix this." He hugged his knees against his chest, rocking himself as he took in slow breaths. "I can fix this." He whispered, more to himself than to anyone else."Draco, let me help-""Mum, please."Narcissa couldn't remember the last time he called her that. Purebloods had been taught since childhood that colloquial terms were unsuitable for heirs to use. So she would always be quick to scold him whenever he would refer to her using that word.I picked a flower for you, mum! Look! Look! Isn't it pretty?My goodness, Draco! Your nails are absolutely filthy! Why would you play around with dirt?!Mum, look at me! I can walk on my hands! Look!Stop that ridiculous behavior right this instant, Draco! It's improper!Happy mother's day, mum! Look! I made you a sandwich and-Who told you that you could do such a thing?! Who let you in the kitchens?!Look, mum! I drew you and dad! We're having dinner! Look!Draco, how many times have I told you to call me, 'mother', and your father, 'father'?All he ever wanted was for her to look at him, and yet she would send him away with nothing but reprimands and lectures on disgraceful behavior.Narcissa watched her only son curled up in a ball by the fireplace, mumbling to himself, swaying slowly back and forth.Where did she go wrong? What exactly had she done so wrong? She made sure to raise him like a proper heir – telling him what was acceptable and what wasn't, how he should behave and how he shouldn't – just as she had been as well.I never expected anything from you. Just try not to embarrass this family.Narcissa swallowed as the words of her mother rang in her head, pushing the thoughts away as she moved towards Draco. She stopped a few paces from where he sat, kneeling on the floor, waiting for him to calm down. He finally stopped rocking, but he was still mumbling what sounded like random numbers to himself. He had his eyes closed and his face scrunched in concentration as he tried to pull the broken pieces of himself back together.A fresh set of tears spilled from Narcissa's eyes, as she moved to hug her knees against her chest as well.She was a failure as a mother."Date four out of sixteen." Hermione muttered to herself as she glanced towards the door of the VIP box. He was late. And he was never late. This particular plan was something they had argued about relentlessly, and was something he'd been incredibly adamant about.It was supposed to be their first 'official' public appearance – a date at a Quidditch game. She'd been against it entirely at first, arguing that it was still too early and that it would seem staged. But after he pointed out that they only had so many dates left, and that the transition was understandable after the Belby ball, it made sense. They needed to solidify the status of their relationship to the public before the contract ended, and now was the perfect time. After all, the rumors could only get them so far. It was time they gave the masses concrete proof.She sighed. She knew she didn't have to do this. She could insist that they keep things private and secret for as long as possible, but she knew that wouldn't be fair. Not to him at least. She clicked her tongue, cursing at her conscience. Why did she have to be so righteous? For once she wished the Gryffindor in her would just shut up.Hermione scanned the empty VIP box she was in, sighing in exasperation. It didn't mean he had to do it this way. She sighed again, folding her arms across her chest at the feeling of discomfort. Being alone in a space full of empty cushioned chairs certainly wasn't fun. It was supposed to house ten spectators, but apparently, Malfoy didn't like to share. She rolled her eyes.The sound of the heavy door opening made her turn her head around. "You're late! What the hell took you so…" She paused at the sight of his dead eyes and blank face. "Long?""I apologize for arriving later than our intended time." He replied, taking the seat right beside her. "What did I miss?"Hermione folded her arms across her chest, angling her body towards his chair. She blinked at the dewy glow of his flawless skin, stretching from his face all the way down to his neck. Was he using glamour charms? She scoffed. She knew he put a lot of effort in the way he looked, but she didn't know he was that vain."Malfoy, what's going on?" She watched him turn his head towards her – every bit the robot he had been just a few of months ago."Draco." He corrected. "In public we refer to each other by our given names.""We're not in public." She rolled her eyes. "You made sure of that after buying out every single seat in this box." She motioned a hand towards all the free space."Someone could accidentally overhear-""Malfoy, seriously. What happened?" She narrowed her eyes, not at all expecting to be face to face with this version of him so soon. She watched him blink, noticing how even that simple motion looked odd on his face."I sent a letter to your flat a few minutes ago." He began. "It details certain things that would bring light to this situation. I ask for your patience."Hermione watched him nod at her, not waiting for an answer as he turned his attention back to the game. After weeks of arguing with him nonstop, it was so strange to hear him speak with such a flat, cold tone. Every emotion on his face was gone, even the way his eye would twitch involuntarily when he was pissed at her insistence."I heard the Falcons and the Arrows are pretty strong this year. It's interesting to have them matched up this early on in the competition."Hermione let out an exasperated sigh. "Okay, look-" A short announcement about an interval blasted throughout the arena, cutting her off. It seemed a player had been hit badly by a bludger, forcing the game to pause as the first aid team worked on getting him into their care safely."Oh, that's going to cost the Falcons."Hermione narrowed her eyes. Was he seriously just going to act like nothing was wrong and make small talk throughout the entire game? She let out a long, slow breath. There was no point in trying to get anything out of him when he was like this. At least this time, she was sure she wasn't the cause.She blinked. Or was she? She glanced at him from the corner of her eye. Was he having a crisis over the tainting of his image and beliefs by associating with her? No, that didn't sound right. He invested so much thought and effort in this fake relationship. There was no way he was having second thoughts now.She began to think of what he could have written in the letter he sent her. Why did he have to pen it down? Why not just tell her right here, right now? She closed her eyes in frustration. He wasn't making any sense.Hermione could hear the steady rise of cheers from the crowd, forcing her to look out onto the pitch. She raised a brow. None of the players were airborne yet, so what was the excitement all about?"Why is everyone-" Her mouth fell open in shock when her eyes finally landed on the large, floating, pensieve-like structure at the top of the Quidditch field. How could she have missed it? She was fawning all over it just an hour ago!It was the latest project of the Muggle's Relations Office – a simulation of the television. But what shocked her the most was the pink heart frame that bordered the image of her and Malfoy on the screen. She could not believe the bold letters written on the bottom of their faces.KISS CAM!"What's a kiss cam?" She heard him ask as he turned his head towards her for an answer. She heard the cheers get louder when the crowd saw them glance at each other."It's… a muggle tradition in sports." She sighed. "When breaks are taken during the game, cameras look for a couple to feature so they can…""Kiss." She heard him finish with that blank tone of his. "I see." He added as an afterthought. "Do you want to kiss me?"Hermione shifted back slightly, tucking her chin into her neck at the blunt question. Surely he wasn't expecting a yes? "Frankly? No." She watched him nod in acceptance."I don't want to kiss you either."She sighed in relief, glad that it was a consensus. "How do we get rid of it?" She heard him ask as he eyed his reflection on the screen. She glanced at the blinking pink frame against their images, snorting ungracefully at how tacky it looked. "We ignore it. It'll move on eventually.""How long would that take?" She heard him ask again.Hermione huffed at the screen, noting how annoyed she looked, while Malfoy's expression was a model of decorum. "Usually a few seconds." Whoever was operating that damn thing better hurry it up before she loses her patience."It's been a few minutes."She rolled her eyes at his unnecessary observation. "You don't say?" This was one of the most annoying things about him whenever he was like this – the need to state the obvious. Feeling his eyes on her, she turned to raise a brow at him. "What?"Hermione watched as he faced the screen once again, tilting his head slightly to one side in a gesture of contemplation. She narrowed her eyes. What was he planning?Without warning, she saw him raise a certain finger towards it that had some people in the audience gasping out loud. No doubt they were muggle.Hermione grabbed his hand, just as the camera veered off them in an instant. "Malfoy!" She eyed him incredulously, holding his middle finger in one hand while her other pushed at his forearm to bring it down to his side. "There are children here!""Got the camera off, didn't I?" Came his flat tone."How on earth…" She looked at him flabbergasted, not knowing what to feel exactly. "How did you even learn that muggle gesture?""Theo." Came his matter-of fact answer."Do you even know what it means?""A penis and balls."Hermione scoffed at him in disbelief. The initial mortification and panic in her chest shifted into amusement at the image of the Nott heir explaining to Malfoy just exactly what the gesture meant. She tried to hold her laughter down, but it was out before she realized."What the hell is Nott teaching you?" She asked in between giggles."He taught it to Blaise too."Hermione continued to chuckle at the thought of the stuck up Zabini heir trying to comprehend how exactly the gesture looked like a certain part of the male anatomy."May I have my hand back?"Realizing she still had her hold on him, she immediately let go. "Sorry." She watched him nod stiffly at her before turning his attention back to the pitch.As if on cue, the game restarted once again.Hermione eyed Malfoy from the corner of her eye as they headed out of the arena. "After their star player's injury, there was no way the Falcons could bounce back. It was an easy win for the Arrows." She heard him say, not feeling the need to respond. There was no point in pretending she cared about Quidditch."You've got guts to show yourself out in public, Death Eater!"Hermione stopped in her tracks, scanning the area for the source of the voice. It was from a group of five teenage kids who were leaning against the viewing box up the next floor."Hey Malfoy, both my parents are muggle! Are you gonna break in our house and kill them?" A chorus of laughs followed soon after.Hermione watched the scene before her in silence, not knowing what to do. She gazed at Malfoy's blank look, staring up at the group of children the same way he would glance at a random wall. He turned around to walk away. "Ignore them." She heard him call out as he held onto her forearm, pulling her along with him."My mum was muggle-born, you know! She died fighting you scum!""Fucking murderer!""You and your family should rot in Azkaban!"What had initially been a hounding from a ragtag group of teenagers turned into a banding of the masses, chanting all kinds of insults at him. Hermione eyed the crowd in disbelief, digging her heels on the ground, forcing Malfoy to look at her."Are you just going to-""Let it go, Granger." She glanced at the empty look in his eyes disconcerted. How in the world could he still be detached? She opened her mouth to argue when something landed on the top of Malfoy's head, feeling bits of wet and sharp pieces hitting parts of her face.Hermione looked at him stunned as he swiped at the raw egg that had just cracked against his temple. "Malfoy…" She could see a bit of blood oozing out the side of his head from a small cut, no doubt from the impact.Never in her life had she imagined Draco Malfoy being the victim of bullying. And never in her life had she imagine she would feel… "Are you alright?" She pulled out her wand, scourgifying him quickly, when another pair landed on his shoulder and arm.She turned towards the source of the projectiles, seeing the earlier group of teenagers throw her a condescending look. They were bouncing a fresh set of eggs in their palms, laughing at the sight of the blonde man covered in yolk. All five of them postured to throw another barrage onto Malfoy, when Hermione flipped her wand up, aiming the raw eggs right back onto their faces.Draco felt something being dragged out from within him at the sight of Granger's back shielding him from all the hate from the crowd. He took in a shuddering breath, feeling his heart go a mile a minute at the sudden influx of emotions that flooded his system, nearly knocking him off his feet. He tried his best to control his breathing, completely disoriented by the sudden turn of events. He looked at the back of her bushy hair, wide-eyed, stunned and speechless."Stupid kids." She mumbled to herself, turning to glance back at Malfoy's suit, scourgifying the rest of the mess off him."You crazy bitch!""Muggle-born traitor!""You're seriously defending a damn Death Eater?!""Slut!"Hermione turned to glare back at the immature brats with every intention of giving them a piece of her mind, when she felt a hand wrap around her wrist. She blinked at the sight of him, surprised by the amount of emotion in his eyes. Was he out of his occlusion?He turned around, directing them down the last set of stairs wordlessly, stepping out of the wards that prevented apparition."Malfoy, what-"There was a familiar, uncomfortable pull at her stomach. In the next second, she was back at her flat looking straight into darkened gray eyes. The intensity of his gaze stunned her into silence."Let me be perfectly clear, Granger." Draco fisted his hands to his sides as he clenched his jaw, swallowing down the urge to hit something. "All you need to do… is stand beside me, and be seen with me. Nothing more." He glared at the openmouthed look she donned with nothing but malice. The last thing he needed was to owe her a favor.Hermione narrowed her eyes at him in aggravation. She didn't expect any gratitude from him, but his fury was definitely unwarranted. She opened her mouth to yell at him when a thin trail of blood running down his temple caught her eye. She huffed, raising her wand towards him. His hand was around her wrist in an instant, stilling her before she could touch him."I'm not going to hex you, Malfoy." She rolled her eyes at his defensiveness. "There's a cut on the side of your-" Her breath hitched when she felt him grab both her arms, pulling at her roughly until she was just a breath away from him. She stared at the livid look on his face, wide-eyed."I don't need your pity." She felt, more than heard him, whisper right onto her face through gritted teeth. Gone were the heavy walls of occlusion in his eyes. They were burning like liquid pools of molten steel.She couldn't bring herself to look away.She yelped when he let go without a warning, falling onto the floor ungracefully, wincing at the impact. She rubbed the sore spot on her bum, clicking her tongue in annoyance. She snapped her head towards him to-Hermione felt her rage double at the sight of the empty space that greeted her. "Stupid fucking git!" She screamed at no one in particular. What the hell was his problem? She didn't know what the bloody hell was wrong with him, but he had no right taking his shit out on her! She was just trying to-Hermione blinked. Once. Twice. The realization of what she had just done suddenly dawned on her.She stayed immobile on her living room floor, allowing everything to finally sink in. She… stood up for Draco Malfoy. She actually came to his defense. Draco fucking Malfoy. Bully extraordinaire. The bane of her entire childhood existence. She blinked. She couldn't believe it. And she'd done it before she even realized.She huffed, pushing herself up, ignoring the weight on her chest that was a strange mixture of confusion, disbelief, and something else she couldn't quite identify.Her eyes landed on the owl stand by her window, seeing a lone white envelop sitting by the letter holder. She moved towards it, ripping it open, not bothering to look at the name of the sender. She knew exactly who it came from.Granger,The Malfoy family Gringott's account has been frozen, effective yesterday. I recon it would be in your best interest to hear this announcement from me, rather than the news.Regarding the pay, there is nothing for you to worry about. The other half of your compensation will be transferred to your account, without delay, the moment all 16 dates have been completed.MalfoyHermione let out a breath. So this was reason for the stick up his ass and why he was in a constant state of occlusion earlier. He still didn't know when he would get his manor back, and then this happens.Where would he get the money to pay her? Would he loan it? Perhaps from Zabini. Or maybe Nott? Where would he acquire the funds for his daily living expenses? Was he able to take enough galleons out of his vault before its confiscation?She blinked. Why did she care? It was none of her business.The image of him covered in raw eggs suddenly flashed in her mind. The acceptance in his face, and lack of regard in his disposition, were things she could never unsee. He was just so infuriatingly proud and belligerent that seeing him that way just made her feel…Hermione pushed the letter back in the envelope, chucking it into the fire place without a second thought. His affairs didn't concern her, and he certainly wasn't making her worry. She was not bothered, not even a bit. After all, this was just a business partnership. It was nothing personal.Draco cradled his head in his hands the moment he apparated back to his room. He had a splitting migraine that blurred his vision and dulled the rest of his senses. He walked slowly towards his bed, kneeling by the foot, leaning his forehead against the edge of the mattress. He fisted his hands through his hair as tightly as he could.How could this have happened? How in the world could she have broken him out of his Occlumency yet again? And this time, she didn't even intend to. It was that same feeling of having something reach deep inside of him, hauling the entirety of his sanity out in the open.He was back before he knew it.Draco clenched his eyes shut, willing his mind to revert back. He didn't want this. He didn't want to be sane. He didn't want to drown in the noise again. He was so tired of suffocating under the weight of his past over and over."Draco, look closely, son. If we are the ones to hand Potter over to the Dark Lord-" "You'll pay for that one, Malfoy! Eat slugs!" "I have to do this. If I don't he'll-" "I don't give a damn what your father thinks, Malfoy! He's vile, and cruel... And you're just pathetic.""Buckbeak! Oh you silly creature! Calm down, it's just a scratch... " "That sword was meant to be in my vault at Gringotts. How did you get it?!" He focused on shuffling his thoughts back and forth, desperately stuffing memories back where they belonged; trying his best to organize the chaos that was his mind. He needed quiet. He just needed everything to stop being so… loud. Where did all the silence go? Why couldn't he get it back?"On the count of three, cast your charms to disarm your opponent. Only to disarm!""Ah... Well done, Draco. Well done.""Professor Slughorn, sir. I just discovered this boy lurking in an upstairs corridor.""Draco, years ago, I knew a boy who made all the wrong choices... Please let me help you.""And you must be, Miss Granger? Yes, Draco's told me all about you... and your parents."The memory of her petite frame guarding him flashed in his mind. He could see the various shades of brown in the tendrils of her bushy hair as it buzzed with magic – magic that was meant to protect him.The image of her gave him a calm he's never felt before. None of his memories had ever been capable of that. He focused on the outline of her back as he willed the rest of his thoughts to return to where he wanted them to.After several more attempts to get his mind in order, his breathing was finally back to normal.Draco raised his head up to scan his room, still slightly disoriented. The intense pain in his head dulled down to a tolerable throb. He turned around to lean against his bed frame, stretching his tired legs out on the floor. He dropped his head back on the mattress, closing his eyes to relish the moment of peace he fought so hard for.Draco woke up at the sound of tapping against wood. He glanced at his position on the floor with his back to his bed, pushing himself up to run a hand through his face. He didn't realize he'd fallen asleep.Another set of knocks brought his attention towards the door. He sighed. The strange beats, and the incessant rapping could only belong to one person. He narrowed his eyes. Why the hell was Theo knocking? He couldn't remember the last time he had the courtesy to do such a thing. He would always just barge in uninvited."Uh Draco, I've dismantled all your wards and so… Well, I can come in whenever I want… But uh, if you don't want me to… you know, I can… wait?"Draco closed his eyes as he stalked towards his sofa, silently calling over a bottle of firewhiskey. He flopped onto the couch, taking a swig directly from the bottle, ignoring Theo's calls. He tried his best to make himself comfortable; draping his forearm over his eyes."Draco, I can hear you shuffling in there. Stop ignoring me."Draco said nothing, downing another mouthful of firewhiskey, wishing Theo would just go away."Okay, I'm coming in… I'm serious! I'm really gonna… Your wards are all down, you know. I'm not joking! I can just…"Draco massaged his temples with the fingers of free hand, trying to soothe the headache he was still nursing. He dangled the bottle of firewhiskey off the couch, feeling it bump against the floor. "Just get in." He mumbled, not wanting to hear the persistent banging against his door any longer.Theo was in his bedroom in the next second. "You didn't have to make me wait so-" He blinked. "What in the bloody hell happened to you?!"Draco popped one eye open, seeing the horrified expression on Theo's face. "What?""You're bleeding!" Theo rushed to his side, pulling the arm off his forehead to check on the trail of crusted blood running down the side of his temple. He looked at him wide-eyed, noting how one side of his cheek looked larger than the other. "And what the fuck happened to your neck?!" The pattern of those bruises could only mean one thing.Draco closed his eye in indifference. It seemed the glamour charms had worn off. He completely forgot about the cut on his forehead as well."It's nothing.""Like fuck it's nothing!"Draco could hear Theo silently work on his injuries with basic healing spells. The Nott heir had always been good at fixing cuts and bruises. After all, he had himself to practice on for years."Draco, what the fuck happened?""Why are you here?" He asked with his eyes still closed."I read the evening news." Theo crouched down next to the couch, crossing his legs as he sat on the floor. "I saw what happened at the Quidditch match.""Hn."Theo swallowed, eying the fading bruise on his neck. He wasn't all that talented at healing, but the spells he knew were always effective. That was unless the blow was a bit too… much. He realized that first hand when he tried to fix a bruise on his rib after his father occupied himself with kicking him on only one side of his body."You didn't get that injury at the stadium." Theo stated without room for argument. "Please tell me it was from an episode of hot kinky sex with Granger."Draco let out an amused scoff, surprised that he was able to laugh."Draco…" Came Theo's pleading tone. "Just-""I visited my father yesterday. He didn't like that I was dating a muggle-born."Theo closed his eyes, dropping his head down to push a tight fist against his forehead. "Fuck." He raised his head up to glance at Draco's relaxed demeanor as he lay on the sofa. If it weren't for the dark circles under his eyes and the faint finger marks on his neck, he almost looked content."Hey, Theo…" Draco began; his eyes still closed. "How do I stop being so pathetic?"Theo felt his lips part at the unexpected question. It wasn't often that Draco would be candid about his thoughts, but when he did, it was almost always heartbreaking. "Draco, you're a lot of a things. A total git being one of them." He smiled a bit when he heard a small chuckle from his best friend. "But you're not pathetic. You were always the brave one. I was-""No. You were the brave one." Draco turned his head to glance at the hazel eyes staring at him in surprise. "I was the coward."(Flashback)Draco watched the Nott patriarch slap Theo on the back of his head, narrowing his eyes at the exchange. It was Theo's tenth birthday for crying out loud. Couldn't he spare him one day of peace?"Do it.""Father, please. I don't want to."Draco watched as Theo was pulled from the sleeve of his shoulder, forced to stand in front of a grey cat locked in a cage. The Nott senior pointed his wand at the animal."Crucio.""Stop it, father!"Draco placed his hands over his ears to drown out the screeching of the animal, watching Theo fidget in place as he begged his father to stop. When the cat's crying finally ceased, the Nott patriarch handed his wand to his son, tilting his head towards the wobbling animal."Do it." He demanded again."No!" Theo shut his eyes tightly, braising himself for another hit."Draco."Draco looked up to his father who had been watching the entire thing in silence. He saw the cane in his hand open to reveal the wand tucked securely inside."How about you show Theo how it's done?"Draco swallowed as he reached for his father's wand, shuddering at the magic that coursed through his veins the moment it grazed his fingertips. He could never get used to that feeling. It was like thousands of ants were shuffling under his skin, burrowing deep into his body. He looked up to his father in uncertainty. He'd done this once on Tobi, and the elf had been reduced to a bawling, quivering mess."Father, I-"Lucius tilted his head towards the weakened cat, not allowing further discussion.Draco took a deep breath in, casting the spell, wincing at the onslaught of the animal's screams. He withdrew the wand the moment a hand landed on his own, taking it out of his grasp. He looked up to see his father eying him with a look of pride. He smiled, feeling pleased with himself as well.When the two patriarchs started walking away, Draco watched Theo run towards the cat, pulling it out of its cage to check on its condition. He opened his mouth to mock him for being such a coward, but the rage in the Nott heir's eyes silenced him completely.(End of Flashback)"Draco, that's not true." Theo shook his head adamantly. "That's not true and you know it. You did the one thing I could never bring myself to do. You stood up to my father. You were-""I'm not as good-hearted as you think, Theo." His saving the Nott heir had initially been born out of pity; but as the years passed by, it eventually turned into a superiority complex. "I did it because it made me feel better about myself." It was the same reason why he took Crabbe and Goyle under his wing. Surrounding himself with people he considered weaklings made him feel powerful and in control.Theo kept his gaze on him, not believing a word he said. He wouldn't have risked that much if all he wanted was a quick boost to his ego. "That's not true."Draco tore his gaze away from his childhood friend's earnest ones. He stared at the ceiling in silence, drowning out the rest of Theo's assertions. He could never understand the Nott heir's skewed view of him. Why couldn't he see it? He had always been selfish, conceited, and patronizing. Everything he did, he did for himself. Never for anyone else."Back then, I always wondered why you were so resistant."Theo quieted down, allowing him to speak."I would ask myself, 'why does he want to get beat up so bad?'." He closed his eyes, recalling the countless times he'd seen Theo take a hit from his father. "It was only during the war that I finally realized just how brave you were."Theo held his breath at the sight of clear cinereal eyes staring right at him in reverence."You never did anything you didn't want to, even at the cost of all that pain."Theo brought his gaze down to the floor, feeling his eyes prick at the sudden, unexpected praise. He shook his head in silent disagreement, not able to formulate a reply. He wasn't brave. Not even close. He was always just scared of making another mistake, of failing at yet another thing. He just never wanted to try anymore."Hey Theo…"Theo glanced back at the grey eyes that were still on him. There was a hidden sadness in them that he'd often see during the year of Draco's house arrest."Do you think… If I had refused my father, would I have been beaten up as well?"End of Chapter 14!By now, you guys probably get that I have a thing for roller coaster chapters ^^ It's a challenge really – balancing humor and angst and everything else in between... But it's such a fun read that way though!Also, I've given up trying to contain this story to 18 chapters -_- The outline hasn't changed at all, but apparently I'm not good at cutting/dividing them into chapters. This will probably reach around 25.I'd also like to take this opportunity to thank ALL the people who've been leaving reviews in the past few chapters. They really mean a lot to me, and I really love reading your insights to this story. So please keep them coming :)Thank you for reading! This chapter focused a lot on Draco but don't worry, the next one will feature Hermione ^^ Look forward to more backstories from other characters as well! Until next time :)

"You're filthy rich, Theo! Have some shame.""All I'm saying is that I've been your best mate for at least two years now! I deserve some sort of incentive, don't you think?"Draco groaned at the sound of bickering that drew him out of his slumber. He squinted at the light that flooded his eyes, squeezing them shut, rubbing against them with the bottom of his hand to soothe the headache he still had. Where the hell was he?"Ah, my dearest childhood friend! You're finally up!" Theo's cheerful voice resounded throughout the room."It's nearly noon, mate." Came Blaise's bored drawl.Draco sat up, blinking at the two figures sitting by the couch set a few paces from him. He scanned the brightly lit room he was in, only then realizing that it was his own. He could see the curtains drawn, flooding the room with sunlight, changing the entire ambiance of the place in an instant.Theo turned around the upholstered chair he was in to face Draco's confused demeanor; kneeling against it to prop himself up. "Listen to this, he won't give me a free pass at his restaurant!" He pointed accusingly at the Slytherin sitting right next to him.Blaise ignored the exasperation in Theo's tone, opting to butter the toast in his hand evenly. "What he means by a 'free pass', is basically a free meal whenever he visits."Theo threw him an annoyed look. "It's the least you can do for your best mate!""I thought you were Draco's best mate?" Blaise raised a brow challengingly."I'm everyone's best mate!""In what universe?"Draco watched them continue to argue with each other, completely forgetting he was in the room with them as well. He eyed the brunch sets on the table; the smell of sausages, eggs, marmalade and coffee was heavy in the room. He laid back down on the bed, pulling the covers over himself when he felt his eyes prick.They were doing it again. They would always do this whenever he would have a particularly bad panic episode, or an incredibly embarrassing breakdown. He would always wake up the next day with the two of them in his room, eating or bickering or doing something else entirely normal."Hey, Draco! Hey! You see my point in this, don't you?""He's my business partner, Theo. No matter how you look at it, he won't condone a practice that would give the restaurant a loss."Draco closed his eyes shut, ignoring the two other men in his room. He never understood why they would go so far for him. Why wouldn't they just leave him alone? There were so many other things they could do with their time. So many other things they could-Draco yelped, chucking the duvet off his body, when he felt something wet brush against the sole of his foot. "What the fuck-" He blinked at the pair of silver eyes staring right at him from the edge of his bed."Meow?""Oh, I see you've met Juliet! She's very affectionate."Draco looked at the creature – half horrified, half confused – as he watched it nuzzle up against his ankle. He flinched when he felt something fuzzy against the hand he propped on the mattress. Another set of identical silver eyes were looking at him."Meow.""And that's Romeo. He's a bit of a rascal, and he can be quite a handful. But he's sweet.""Theo." Came his warning tone. He closed his eyes in a silent wish, hoping the Nott heir didn't actually have the audacity to-"They're yours!" Theo exclaimed excitedly, raising the rock-and-roll hand gesture he loved so much.Draco snapped his head at him, eying him in incredulity. He watched Theo stalk towards him, holding a thick paperback book in one hand."Now here's a really good resource material for first time cat parents. I've given one to Blaise and Pansy as well. They've both found it quite useful."Draco turned towards Blaise, seeing the taller man shake his head at him in a reluctant gesture of defeat. "Why?"Blaise sighed, shrugging at the Malfoy heir's exasperated question, too tired to explain. Every time he would return the annoying ginger cat back to Nott manor, Theo would break into his wards and leave it in his flat every single time. It's been like that for at least two weeks until he eventually gave up."Oh come on, Draco! You've always wanted a pet since we were kids!""I wanted a dragon, not this… puny little thing!"Theo scoffed at the haughty tone he's grown incredibly annoyed with over the years. "Oh, I'm sorry. Do the tuxedo cats not suit your taste, Master Draco?" He placed a hand against his heart, nodding his head at him snarkily. "Let me just hop on a broom then, and grab you a dragon's egg real quick! After all, it's not like they're endangered, nearly extinct species protected by the law, right? And it's not as if they're deadly, temperamental, and incredibly territorial magical creatures as well. So it shouldn't be a problem at all!"Draco glared at the Nott heir, frustrated by his propensity for sarcasm. He eyed the identical cats now making themselves at home on his lap, feeling himself panic. "I don't know the first thing about raising pets, Theo!" He felt his mattress give way as Theo flopped down to his side, offering him the book he had in his hand."Which is why you have this."Draco took the glossy book, eying it skeptically as he scanned through the colored shiny pages filled with several immobile photographs. By the looks of it, he could tell that it was muggle.Theo started flipping through the pages carelessly, forcing Draco to hold onto the covers tightly."I've placed these markers on the chapters that you absolutely cannot skip."Draco narrowed his eyes at the cat head stickers whose ears popped out the edge of the book. He drowned out the rest of Theo's yapping when he felt the kittens on his lap curl themselves into a tight ball, sleeping peacefully against his warmth. He blinked at the content expression on their faces.He's never had a pet before, mainly because he wasn't allowed to. Lucius wasn't fond of animals and Narcissa didn't think it was a necessity. Only owls were permitted in the manor for their function and practicality.Blaise eyed Draco, still surprised to see him quite… normal. From what he's heard from Theo and everything he's read in the news, he expected the Malfoy heir to be more depressed, volatile, or detached like he usually was after a particularly precarious situation. After all, Draco was the type to wallow in self-pity. It was always so difficult getting him out of a slump back when he was under house arrest.They've tried the supportive 'talk to us' approach, which would be met with blank fully occluded eyes. They've done the angry 'why are you being like this' method, which resulted to walk outs and slamming doors. They've resorted to the tough love 'we don't care anymore' intervention, which brought about nothing but indifference and silence. In the end, the best way to go about it was to act like nothing happened, and just be there for him.Blaise rolled his eyes. He wasn't going to lie. Draco was high maintenance as fuck. He just never knew what to expect. It's like turning around for one second, only to see all hell break lose the moment he looked back.Blaise watched the two Slytherins silently, realizing how one ridiculous move from Theo seemed to have remedied the situation. He shook his head, chuckling to himself at how good the Nott heir was at meddling in the blonde pureblood's life.He took a sip from his coffee, eying the two of them read through the manual. Draco's initial adamant refusal had turned into a begrudging acceptance as Theo instructed him on how to deal with his cats. He scoffed in amusement. They should seriously just get married.Hermione groaned, stretching out on her bed as the sound of the alarm clock buzzed throughout her room. She reached towards her bedside table, feeling for it blindly when she knocked over several empty vials to the floor, hearing them break upon impact. She groaned again, pushing herself up the bed as she pulled her wand out from under her pillow. She vanished them with a wave of her hand.Flopping back down onto the mattress, Hermione huffed one last time before finally rolling herself out of her bed. She rubbed the sleepiness out of her eyes, running a hand through her hair, wincing every time her fingers got caught in a particularly resilient tangle. With one more yawn, she willed herself to step out of her room.Hermione paused by hallway, stretching her hands up in the air, bending to each side to get the stiffness out of her joints."Good morning, Hermione."She flinched at the unexpected greeting; whirling around to point her wand towards the intruder, only to be met by bespectacled green orbs."Harry." She called out to him breathlessly. Her initial surprise gradually turned into annoyance at the sight of him sitting on her sofa with one leg up over the other. "What are you doing here so early in the morning?" She paused when she heard the kettle whistle, watching Harry levitate it to his side to fill up two tall mugs by the coffee table in her living room."Do you feel like tea? Or coffee?"Hermione rubbed a hand on her face as she walked over towards him. "Tea. Why are you here?" She watched him drop two packets of dried leaves into each mug, following up with a dash of milk and two cubes of sugar. She sat down opposite of him, tucking one end of her wand against the soft outline of the upholstered chair she was on."Here you go." He set the mug on her side of the table, saying nothing as he watched her take a sip of her tea, avoiding his gaze. He moved to grab a small black pouch from his pocket, tapping it with his wand to revert it back to its original size."What's that?"He ignored her question, pulling out its contents one by one, laying them on the coffee table wordlessly.Hermione felt her lips part as she eyed several issues of The Prophet filled with pictures of her and Malfoy. When there was no more space left on the table, she watched him lay the rest of it on the free sofa.Harry placed down the latest copy right in front of her – their Quidditch date. "I was waiting for you to send me an owl to clarify things.""Are you upset?""Is there a reason I should be?"Hermione huffed. She hated it whenever Harry would get this way. He would always answer a question with another question if he was irked. She eyed the newspapers once again, trying to figure out the best course of action.Harry sighed. He knew that it was none of his business. He really had no right to ask her to explain her personal life to him, but he just couldn't help but feel that something was… off."Are you and Malfoy dating?"He blinked at the strange contemplative look on her face. She was glancing at him the same way she would glance at a particularly difficult ancient runes passage."Veto."Harry felt his composure crash at her answer. "Wha- It's a yes or a no, Hermione! Are you or are you not dating Draco Malfoy?" He repeated in aggravation.Hermione grit her teeth, gluing her eyes on him meaningfully, hoping he would get the idea. "Veto." She reiterated more resolutely this time. The nondisclosure contract wouldn't let her say no, but it seemed a neutral, ambiguous answer was fine.Harry took a moment to think, scanning her face in scrutiny. His eyes widened and his lips slowly parted when he finally understood what she was trying to tell him. "Wait… It's not that you don't want to tell me…" He blanched, feeling nothing but dread wash all over him. "You can't." He watched her close her eyes in relief."Are you alright? What did he do to you?!""Harry, relax." Hermione held her hands out to calm him down when she saw him bolt out of his chair. "I'm not in danger. There are just some things I can't say." She stood up to place her hands on his shoulders, guiding him back onto the chair. "Breathe." Came her even tone."How do you expect me to calm down?!" He had both her hands in his, raising them up and away from her body, scanning her for any notable injuries.Hermione pursed her lips in amusement at the panic in his eyes. "Harry, I'm serious. I'm not hurt.""Why didn't you tell me sooner?!" The realization of why she hadn't gone to him hit him, silencing him immediately. "Right, I was an ass who broke your trust and ruined our friendship." He had his face in his hands in the next instant, flopping back onto the chair chagrined."I wanted to. I just couldn't." Hermione reassured him, ruffling his hair affectionately before she moved back to sit on her chair. "All I can say is 'veto', Harry. So you're going to have to figure out what questions to ask, and what insinuations my answers could have."Harry lifted his face up; a familiar feeling of determination burning in his chest. He wasn't particularly good at interrogations. He's had his fair share of reprimands from his superior officers for being a little too… passionate. But if it was Hermione, he was sure he could do it."So you're not dating him?""Veto.""It's fake? Pretend?""Veto."Her answers sounded curt, firm and seemingly affirmative. He blinked. Varying the tone of her voice was absolutely brilliant. "That's very useful. Keep doing that."She nodded."Let me just clarify. You're not in danger. He's not threatening you. And you're not hurt in any way?""I'm fine." She reassured him once again."Okay, alright." Harry let out a breath, consoled by her conviction. "So I can only use yes or no questions." He crossed his arms on his chest, trying to figuring out what else he could ask to get a better picture of what she'd gotten herself into exactly."Did you have some sort of agreement? A contract?""Veto.""Did you get into it of your own free will?""Veto."The positive ring in her voice surprised him. "Why?" He asked before he realized."Harry." Came her soft but reproachful tone."Right, right!" He scratched the back of his head, annoyed with himself. "Yes or no questions only." He blew at the stray hair hanging near his right eye to release some tension. "So you're a willing participant?""Veto.""And since you agreed, I assume you're getting something out of it?""Veto.""Sex?"Hermione eyed him in mortification, incredulous over the fact that he would assume such a thing. "Fucking veto!" She screamed in response."I'm joking!" Harry grinned at her indignation, raising his hands up in a gesture of surrender, when an unwanted image of her and Malfoy lying in bed flashed in his eyes. He gagged. "I'm never making a joke like that again." He rolled his fingers against his eyelids as if the motion could burn the picture out of his head.She huffed at him, opting to take a sip from her mug to swallow down her irritation.He sighed. There was only one thing he could think of that made sense. "Money."Hermione was silent for a few moments, stirring the nearly stale tea in her hand. "Veto."Harry felt his shoulders sag at the quiet, begrudging, but confirmatory tone of her voice. "I see." He huffed through his nose, pursing his lips in disagreement. "Why didn't you just ask me?" He watched her release a breath that told him she was tired of this particular conversation."Harry, you know I could never ask something like that from you.""It's for your research, isn't it?"She nodded."How much did he offer you?"Hermione paused, realizing she couldn't voice out the amount. She clicked her tongue, thinking of a way to let him know. She raised a finger in the air, gesturing for him to wait as she headed towards her bag.Harry watched her dig through it, pulling out a small purse that jingled as she headed back. She grabbed the copies of The Prophet off the table, chucking them towards the couch, before flipping the contents of her purse out onto the table.Hermione sorted the currency accordingly, taking only what she needed. Swiping the leftover money to one side of the table, she placed a neatly stacked column of Galleons in front of him.Harry stared at the golden coins, counting them silently through narrowed eyes. "25?" He eyed her incredulously. "He offered you 25 Galleons?"Hermione glared at him, not in the mood for another one of his jokes. She watched him chuckle, raising his palms up towards her once again."Joking!"She rolled her eyes at his immaturity.Harry ran a hand through his hair, eying her imploringly. "Hermione, you know I gave Fred and George some money when they first opened their shop, right? I honestly don't mind financing you too."She sighed. She knew he gave them his winnings from the Triwizard Tournament, but a thousand Galleons was basically chump change compared to what Malfoy offered her."Harry." She called out to him, pointing towards the pile of Galleons once again.Harry saw the look in her eyes, narrowing his own when he realized what she was trying to say. "So he gave you 2500?" He watched her shake her head. "25,000?" His eyebrows rose all the way up his forehead when she shook her head once again."250,000?!" The look she sent him said it all. 250,000 Galleons was nearly the same amount his entire Gringotts vault had! "Where did he get that kind of-" He clicked his tongue. "Right. He's a Black and a Malfoy." He forgot about the blonde's filthy rich ancestry for a moment."Isn't there another way?"Hermione closed her eyes, pushing down the annoyance she felt as she watched him start to pace the room. They've had this conversation so many times already. She didn't understand why he couldn't comprehend that it was a lost cause."We could throw a party in your honor, mainly to spotlight your research. We could-""Harry." She let out a breath to reel in her frustration. "I've tried. You know I've tried. I spent an entire year after the war just scrambling for funding." She looked at him tiredly. "No one offered.""Well, maybe there are others we still haven't-"She stood up to place her hands on his shoulders, hoping the firmness of her hold would get the point across. "I've talked to everyone I could. Trust me, Harry, it was a very long list. Nobody wanted to invest in something they were sure would go nowhere. Obliviation is irreversible. That was that.""Lycanthropy was viewed that way until Wolfsbane was made. I'm sure we can find willing sponsors given the right motivation." He gave her a hopeful look. "I can help."Hermione let her hands drop down to her sides, taking another deep breath in, telling herself that Harry was just trying to be supportive. He was just trying to stay positive."I already know what you've done, Harry. A few of the investors I approached were those you got to first. I'm sure you tried your best to put in a good word for me, and thank you for that. Really." She smiled bitterly. "But even then, nobody was interested."If Harry Potter couldn't get her research any support, what could Harry Potter's friend possibly achieve?Ah so you're Miss Granger, Harry Potter's friend?Oh you're the friend of Mr. Potter that he's talked to me about!You know Harry Potter? The Harry Potter?! Could you introduce us?You're a friend of The Boy Who Lived?! I'm so jealous!So what's it like being friends with Harry Potter?Her pride had had enough. She was through with begging for money from people who didn't even bother to hear her out, or care who she was. She's lost count of all the times she's been called to expound her research proposal, only to be told it wasn't necessary barely five minutes into her presentation. She was so tired of attending postwar celebrations to mingle with possible investors who were only interested in what she was wearing and if she was wearing something underneath it; who she knew and who she was connected with, or when she and Ron were planning to tie the knot.She sighed. She was just… done."There has to be another way.""Harry, please. Just let it go."But I just-"She sighed again, too tired to argue. "It's not like you would understand." She watched the expression on his face fall."What's that supposed to mean?"She held his hands in hers, squeezing them tenderly. "Harry you're wonderful, and talented, and kind and I love you so so much… But sometimes it just gets…" Her hold on him slowly went from affectionate to punishing. "I just- It just feels…" She let go."Unfair."Harry glanced at the tight expression on her face, not knowing what to say. He watched her pace the room, smoothing her hair behind her ears. She had her back to him now, hugging herself tightly around her middle.Hermione closed her eyes, tightening her hold on herself to soothe the emotions that were threatening to overflow. "I fought in that war too."She was right there with them every step of the way. She gave so much, sacrificed so much, and did just as much work as everyone else."I'm not asking to be put on a pedestal, and the last thing I want to do is compete with you, Harry." She turned around to raise her palms up towards him. "I know it might come off as if I am, but I swear I'm not." She dropped her hands to her sides as she eyed him fondly. "You deserve… everything, Harry. All the acclaim, all the accolades, all the acknowledgement that you have now… None of those were handed. You worked for every single ounce of it."Harry looked at her in silence, still unsure of what to say."But, I deserve some form of merit too, don't I?" She placed a hand against her chest. "Is it too much of a crime to ask that? Is it wrong to be ambitious? To go after things that I want? Should I just be thankful with what I have?""Of course not." Harry shook his head; his gaze softening. "Hermione, I can't even begin to list… everything you've done for me. For the cause. For the war. Even though everyone was falling apart, you wouldn't. You were always so calm, clear-headed and… just your presence alone was enough to assure everyone, especially me. Without you, Hermione, I never would have made it out alive."His words barely registered to her as she swiped at her eyes, fighting back her tears in anger. All she wanted was funding for her research. After the war, people were quick to support the rest of them while she got… nothing.Why wasn't she acknowledged? Why did she have to work so hard for things that others got so easily? Why did she always have to prove herself? Why was the fact that she was muggle-born always an issue?Why was she still just Harry Potter's friend?"During celebrations, I'd be asked what brand I'm wearing, what's in my bag, how long my hair and make-up took… while you and Ron were asked about your career goals, cases that you worked on, and where you see yourselves in the next few years. They would ask Ginny about her games, about her training, about her mindset... " She let out a mirthless laugh that slowly turned into a muffled whimper. "My research was all I would ever talk about wherever I went. Every party, every meeting, every gathering, every event… But the moment people hear me mention Obliviation, they brush me off." She shook her head bitterly. "It's impossible. It can't be done. There's no way it can be cured... They'd cut me off with those words. And so all you can read about me in the news… are my fashion choices and my love life."(Flashback)"It's a party, 'Mione. Of course they're going to ask about your dress!" Ron bent down to pick up the small bag and the pair of shoes she chucked against the wall of their flat.Hermione spun around to point towards his suit. "Do you hear them asking you where you bought your tie?"Ron huffed as he ran a hand through his hair. "Well, that's because it's uninteresting." He motioned a hand towards the sapphire ball gown she wore. "Your dress is far more beautiful.""How are you not getting it, Ron?!" She stomped her barefoot on the floor in frustration; her voice hiking up several notches. "That's all they ever ask me!"Ron glanced back at her, still confused by her aggravation. "Well, what are they supposed to ask then?"Hermione looked at him in mortification, utterly stunned by his question.(End of Flashback)Harry watched Hermione pull the sleeve up her left arm, showing off the carved scar on her forearm. The healed scrawls against her skin were barely legible, but he didn't need to look at them to know what they meant."Is this still not enough?" She asked breathlessly, feeling her vision blur at the onslaught of tears. After enduring an entire war leaving her full of nightmares, trauma and suffering… It still felt like she was back to square one. It was like she never left.She was still Mudblood Hermione Granger no matter what she did.Harry moved to envelop her in a hug when he saw the tears finally run down her cheeks; squeezing his eyes shut when his own spilled out as well."It's just that… I feel like… Half of my life I've been trying to prove that I belong here. That I deserve my magic." She burrowed her face at the crook of his neck, clinging onto the front of his shirt. "How much longer do I need to keep proving myself? What else do I have to do, Harry?" She sobbed against him, feeling his hold on her tighten. "What else do I have to do?""Nothing, Hermione… Absolutely nothing." Harry rubbed her quivering back, smoothing the top of her head with his other hand. "You've done enough."Hermione glanced at Harry's back as he washed the dishes on her sink. She sighed. He was only ever a completely anal clean freak whenever something was bothering him. And the fact that he wasn't using magic to do so told her that he was stressed."Harry…" She heard him hum his reply. She stared down the freshly brewed cup of tea in her hand as she sat down quietly by the wooden four-piece dining set in her kitchen."Sorry."She heard him pause from wiping a plate in his hand, bringing it down to lean against the counter. "Why are you apologizing?""Well… for feeling jealous of you, and for dumping all of that on you." She mumbled under her breath. She saw him turn to face her from the corner of her eye, but she couldn't bring herself to look at him. "It was a horrid thing to do, and I hate myself for it."Hermione stiffened when she felt a pair of arms hug her from behind. She could feel Harry nuzzle his cheek against the top of her head."Hermione, it was not a horrid thing to do, and you shouldn't hate yourself for it." He moved to sit on the chair right beside her, keeping his hands on her shoulders. "Everything you said… It's true. I was there with you during the war. I've seen all your efforts… every single thing you did for the cause." He paused to tuck a stray strand of hair behind her ear. "And I saw how differently people treated you compared to me, Ginny and Ron, and it's… frustrating."He knew people looked down on her because of her ancestry, but he never knew the extent until today. He just didn't understand why people couldn't see just how valuable she was, and how much potential she had."You work… so hard, Hermione. Harder than anyone else I know. And you're so incredibly smart. Just absolutely brilliant. Your charmed Galleons alone… without it, The Order wouldn't have survived.""I know."Harry looked at her nodding her head at him in a gesture that carried no arrogance, no superiority – just plain truth."Which is why I'm… with Malfoy now." The nondisclosure clause of the contract made her rephrase what she initially intended to say. "He was the only one who…" She felt another block in her throat, forcing her to rethink her statement. "Believed in me. No one else did."Two years. She's tried to look for financial support for two years. But because she couldn't produce enough promising evidence, mainly due to the absence of subsidy, she was labeled as a potentially bad investment. It was a cycle that was difficult to break. The only answer to it was money."Despite all my best efforts, I've had two years of… nothing." Hermione looked down at her hands, feeling a fresh set of tears drop onto them. "In a few months, it'll be three years since I've obliviated them." She squeezed her eyes shut at the weight of that reality. "I'm running out of time. If only… If only I had enough funding two years ago, I could have… I could have done so much more." She let out a choked sob at the injustice of it all. "Maybe my parents would have remembered me by now."Harry placed a hand on the back of her head, pulling her gently to rest her forehead against his shoulder, enveloping her in his arms once again. He thought about the letter that arrived from Professor McGonagall this morning, surprised that she replied to his inquiry so quickly and so decisively.He sighed. Hermione was right. He always got what he wanted, and with barely any effort.Draco glared at the kittens sleeping on his bed, annoyed that they found their way back to it again. He clicked his tongue. He just took a quick shower for crying out loud!"I told you both several times already…" He levitated them with his wand, lifting them all the way back to the corner of his room and onto their delegated beds. "This is where you sleep. Understand?"Draco watched one of the kittens hop down its pillow, walking towards him to rub against his ankle before laying itself over his foot. "Get off." He ordered, nudging it slightly, but it made no move. He clicked his tongue, pulling the cat up from the back of its neck, secretly thankful he read this tip from the guidebook.He checked its gender quickly, rolling his eyes when he realized who it was. "Juliet, I know I'm quite irresistible. But you seriously have to restrain yourself." He brought her close to eye level, glaring at her to get his point across, but all she did was lick him.Draco scrunched his nose, rubbing the tip with the back of his hand to wipe off the cat's spit. Before he could chastise her, he felt Romeo rub against his leg, asking for attention as well. "Not you too!"He grabbed the other animal by the scruff of his neck, placing both of them back onto their beds, transfiguring a tiny makeshift fence to keep them in place."Stay." He commanded, ignoring their soft cries for affection.He ran a hand through his face as he walked away; wordlessly summoning a bottle of firewhiskey. He flopped onto his couch, calling an empty glass over, filling it half way before downing it entirely. He refilled his glass once more, this time taking a small sip, relishing in its taste and the slow burn it drew down his throat.He eyed the two huge identical pouches on his coffee table, running a hand through his face in exasperation. Blaise and Theo had each left him some Galleons after hearing the state of his finances. There must have been at least a thousand coins in each of those packages. He clicked his tongue. He tried to make them take it back but they apparated away before he could even finish his sentence.Draco leaned back against the couch, stretching his legs further out onto the floor as he stared at the ceiling. He cradled the glass of firewhiskey between his legs, running a thumb absentmindedly against the smooth surface.He really doesn't deserve them. Up until now, he still couldn't understand why they stuck with him. He was just an anchor dragging them down. They got absolutely nothing from him. So why were they still… there?Why were they always there?He sighed in resignation as he closed his eyes. He felt his body melt into the couch, utterly bone-tired. It's been a while since he last felt this drained."Malfoy… Are you alright?"His eyes flew open, blinking at the image of Granger at the Quidditch match scourgifying his clothes. He pushed it back to the recess of his mind almost immediately.What the hell was that all about?He blinked a few more times, unsure of what had triggered the memory. He shook his head, waking himself up from whatever stupor he was in before finishing the rest of his firewhiskey. He placed the now empty glass back on the table, sighing as he moved to lie on the sofa. He draped his forearm over his closed eyes, hoping for a moment of calm, when a melodious laugh rang in his ear."Never change, Malfoy."Fingers cradling the sides of his face. A familiar fire place. "There you are."The image of the ocean at twilight twirling in the middle of the dance floor.The smell of cheap coffee and sugary treats. "So what brings you to a food cart, Malfoy? This hardly counts as your go to cuisine."A pair of hands holding onto him. "Do you even know what it means?" Another set of giggles.Draco bolted up the couch, glaring at nothing in particular. "What the actual fuck…?" He focused on the thoughts floating in his mind, confused as to why his memories of Granger were at the surface. He pushed them far away, one by one, hoping he would be rid of her, when the image of the back of her bushy hair buzzing with magic stilled him.He fell back onto the couch, pushing his palms firmly against his eyelids, willing the memories of her to go away. What was wrong with his head? Perhaps the fatigue was affecting his Occlumency, making it sloppy.Draco let out a slow breath of relief when he finally succeeded in storing the rest of her back to the corners of his mind. He scoffed. Perhaps that raw egg hit him harder than he thought."Come in."Hermione scanned the notes in her hand, not bothering to look up to check who was knocking at her door. It was a simple Conjuctivitis curse cast by a forlorn lover towards his wife's mistress who, in turn, cast Calvorio, which the husband deflected onto his wife, causing baldness. The wife then cast Expulso back at her husband, sending him flying out of their balcony window resulting to a few broken bones, a head injury, and temporary amnesia.Another set of rapping came from her door."Come in." Hermione said more firmly this time, still eying the medical charts on her table.This was supposed to be a pretty simple case, but since Husslehurf decided to be his usually bitchy self and put all three of her patients in one room, it turned into a fiasco. She sighed. She ended up having to deal with calming down two incredibly incensed women, and an utterly clueless man. She was glad that the mediwitch in charge took the initiative to confiscate all their wands prior to admission. She had no idea Gregory would be so spiteful towards her for supposedly stealing his eye candy.She clicked her tongue at the sound of incessant thumping."It's open!" She responded much louder this time.Hermione groaned, running a hand through her face for the umpteenth time that day. If one more person would walk up to her and have the gall to ask her if she was dating Draco Malfoy, she might just lose her license to practice.She didn't expect the prophet and all the tabloids to go crazy over their Quidditch date. Everywhere she looked, that was what everyone was reading. What was wrong with these people? There were far more interesting pieces of news and literature they could busy themselves with.Hermione grit her teeth when the knocking continued. She bolted towards the door, swinging it open to yell at whoever was on the other side, when a box of doughnuts met her at eye level."I come bearing gifts!"She tilted her head to one side, eying the Nott heir in disbelief. "What are you doing here?"Theo frowned at the cold reception, bringing the doughnuts down to his side. "Why hello, Theo! It's been awhile! How have you been? Would you like to come in for tea and snacks?"Hermione blinked, unsure of what the he was trying to achieve exactly."Why, thank you, Granger! I'd love to!"She watched him walk into her office, settling down onto the couch as he set down the boxes on the coffee table. She blinked. Did he just have an entire conversation with himself? She shook her head, not believing his shamelessness."Those better have glazed ones."Theo grinned at her, glad he read that article about her and Draco by the food stand. "Six glazed, and six assorted ones!"Hermione sighed, shutting her door as she made her way towards the opposite couch. "What is this about, Nott?" She watched him roll his eyes."Must there always be a motive, Granger? Can't I just visit you for no reason?"Hermione said nothing. She simply crossed her legs, folded her arms, and stared him down."Okay, I get it. You've got the whole 'intimidating headmistress' vibe down pat."She said nothing, noting how her silence made the Nott heir uncomfortable. "Okay, fine…" She heard him grumble under his breath as he rubbed a hand over his face."You didn't tell him.""What?"Theo looked at her straight in the eye, noticing the confused expression on her face. "Draco. You didn't tell him.""About?"Theo blinked, was she being serious? "About me! About our conversation!" He watched her open her mouth in understanding, nodding her head, finally getting what he meant. "Don't tell me you forgot about it?" He eyed her incredulously."No, of course not." She shook her head."Then why didn't you tell him?"Hermione raised a brow at the dubious look he was sending her way. "Should I have?""Well, no." Theo grumbled. He'd been at his wits end trying to figure out why Draco wasn't confronting him about it for the past couple of weeks. Not once did he assume she kept the exchange to herself. "But why didn't you?"She shrugged. "I didn't see the need to."Theo took a moment to just look at her, stunned by the offhanded way she addressed the situation. She could have used it as an excuse to go off on Draco again. It could have been a potential bargaining chip to ask the Malfoy heir for something in return. Or she could have just used it to create conflict between him and his best friend.But she didn't. He narrowed his eyes, confused. Why didn't she?Theo sighed, deciding there was no point in trying to scrutinize someone as straightforward as Granger. "I guess Gryffindors really are honorable and loyal. I should really get myself one."Hermione scoffed at the comment. "Again with the house references?" She watched him shrug as he flipped a box of doughnuts open, grabbing a glazed one out and taking a huge bite out of it."I thought those were my gifts?"Theo tilted himself back, tucking his chin towards his neck. "There are twelve of them, Granger. You can't even give me one?"Hermione crossed her arms, sending him a challenging gaze. "I didn't hear you ask."Theo rolled his tongue in his mouth, amused by her impudence. "May I please have one of the dozen doughnuts I went all the way to the muggle world to buy so I can offer them to you." He deadpanned – more a statement than a request.Hermione chuckled at his response, unsurprised that he wasn't the type to back down. "You went all the way to the muggle world… for doughnuts?" She watched him nod enthusiastically; his mouth still full of the sugary treat. She waited for him to finish before asking him something she's been quite curious about over the past couple of days."Nott."Theo paused from wiping his fingers on a tissue to eye her. "Yeah?" He took a large intake of breath at the gesture she flipped at him. "Granger!"Hermione popped a brow up at his scandalized face as she raised her middle finger at him in nonchalance. "You just had to teach this to Malfoy, didn't you?"Theo grinned at the memory. He could never get Draco and Blaise to do his all-time favorite rock-and-roll hand gesture, but he certainly got them curious about that. He would do it randomly with one or both hands, then burst out laughing to himself. Eventually they both caved and asked him what the hell was so funny. When he finally explained that it was a symbol for a penis and a set of balls, all three of them started snickering, randomly doing it towards each other as if they've discovered a secret spell no one else knew."They're quick learners, him and Blaise."Hermione eyed the pleased expression on the Nott heir's face, intrigued by his claim. "You teach them? About… muggle stuff?"Theo nodded. "Yeah. It was a challenge at first, but they turned around eventually." He shrugged. "I can be very persuasive."Hermione raised her brows at him, nodding her head in agreement. She barely even knew him and he was already this insistent. She could only imagine how he was with the two other Slytherins."We're not… how we used to be, Granger." Theo cleared his throat as he looked down onto the floor. "I know that's hard to believe after everything we've done, and all the shit we used to say back in school." He ran a hand through his hair, feeling slightly restless. "I'm not claiming that we've changed… completely. I mean, it's hard. It's… unlearning everything we've been taught since birth. It's like a… a never ending process of checking in with ourselves, and figuring out what else we need to work on." He paused to finally look her in the eye. "It's difficult, but it's not impossible."Hermione felt her lips part at the wisdom in his hazel eyes. She had no idea what exactly the Nott heir's life has been like and what he's gone through, but she had a feeling that it was far from easy."There's, uh, actually another reason why I came." He scratched the back of his head, feeling sheepish all of a sudden. "I wanted to… well, say thank you."Hermione scrunched her eyebrows in confusion. "For what?""For what you did for Draco… at the Quidditch game."Hermione swallowed, shifting her eyes sideways, nodding her head stiffly at him in acknowledgement. The fact that he knew their arrangement was fake made things even more… awkward."You stood up for him. And, uh, it's one of the things I've always wished I could have done for him."She brought her gaze back to the Nott heir, seeing him don a sad smile as he glanced down at his shoes."So, thank you. Really."She stared at the earnest look on the Slytherin's face as he smiled at her with gratitude. She nodded wordlessly in reply, not quite sure how to respond exactly."You know… If you guys ever decide to give the whole dating thing a real whirl, I'm all for it!"Hermione blinked, surprised by the sudden shift in the discussion. She narrowed her eyes at how quickly his demeanor went from genuine to teasing. "Not happening." She shook her head. The finality in her tone offered no room for further arguments."Heaven forbid! That would be the greatest misfortune of all! To find a man agreeable whom one is determined to hate! Do not wish me such an evil."Hermione gaped at him, completely flabbergasted by the fact that he just quoted a narrative from one of her favorite books. "Is that from…?""Pride and Prejudice, yes." Theo grinned at the openmouthed expression on her face. "Saw it in Draco's room. Your influence, I presume?"She nodded, still wide-eyed. "Did you…?""Read it? Yes, Granger. I did." He almost laughed at her speechlessness. If someone told him before that all he needed to do was read a muggle book to get the brightest witch of their age to shut up, he would have done it ages ago.Hermione cleared her throat, finally regaining her composure. "Malfoy is no Mr. Darcy." She folded her arms across her chest."Why?" Theo challenged, smirking at the incensed look she threw at him. "For he is such a disagreeable man that it would be quite a misfortune to be liked by him?" He paused. "Or perhaps, to end up liking him?"Hermione raised a brow at his insinuation, annoyed that he was using Jane Austen's words against her. "I don't know what kind of image you have of us in your head, Nott. But I assure you, Malfoy and I are never happening.""Well… Who knows, right?" Theo shrugged offhandedly. "It's just that anyone who stands up for my best friend like that has my seal of approval." He wagged his eyebrows at her a few times, sending her a knowing glance."Stop that." Hermione couldn't, for the life of her, understand why the image of people wiggling their eyebrows simultaneously bothered her so much.Theo widened his eyes in a mock gesture of ignorance. "Stop what?" He wagged his brows at her again.She clicked her tongue. "That. Just stop it." She couldn't explain the exact reason why the gesture irked her so much. It just did."I don't know what you mean, Granger." He placed a hand on his heart sincerely. "I'm not doing anything." He did the gesture once again, adding a wink at the end this time.Hermione rolled her eyes when she heard him chuckle to himself."Can you believe it, Granger? The last time I was here, I was asking you what you've done to mess up my best friend. But now, I'm here telling you that if you ever get it on, and I mean really get it on…" He paused to wag his eyebrows again much to her annoyance. "You have my blessing.""Excuse me Healer Granger, there's- Oh sorry! I'll just wait by the medi-station when the rounds start."Theo and Hermione turned to eye the petite mediwizard standing by the entrance of her office, bowing at both of them before he shut the door quietly."He moves like a mouse! The door is literally within my field of vision! How could I not have seen it?!"Hermione laughed at the hilarious wide-eyed expression on the Slytherin's face. "Well, you heard him. My rounds start soon, Nott, so you should go."Theo blinked at her blunt dismissal, narrowing his eyes in displeasure. "Why Theo, this has been an absolute pleasure! Thank you so much for the doughnuts, and I do hope I'll get to see you again soon! Take good care of yourself, and stay strikingly handsome always!"Hermione eyed him blankly. It seems he was incredibly fond of soliloquys. She watched him stand up begrudgingly to head out, only to see him pause after a few steps to glance at her again. She raised a questioning brow at him as he stalked back towards the sofa, grabbing another glazed doughnut out of the box.Theo kept his gaze on her mockingly as he stored it in his mouth, walking away with half of it hanging out his lips.Hermione snorted at his immaturity, but before she could say anything, he doubled back quickly, grabbing one more on each hand."Seriously?" She looked at him in disbelief as he walked back to the door, eying it momentarily, wondering how he would turn the knob with his hands occupied.Hermione watched him devour what was left in his mouth, depositing one more doughnut between his teeth so he could use his free hand to open the door. When she saw him pause in contemplation, turning around once again, she moved to slam the box closed, pulling the rest of the doughnuts towards her.She sent him a silent, warning gaze. There were only two glazed ones left for crying out loud!Theo chuckled to himself. The dessert lodged in his mouth muffled his voice, making it sound more like a hiss.Hermione heard him mumble something incoherent before throwing her a mock salute similar to the one Malfoy gave her back at her flat. She sneered at him when he finally stepped out of her office, closing the door behind him.She could totally see now how he and Malfoy were friends. The blonde Slytherin was incredibly obstinate, while the dark-haired pureblood was annoyingly persistent. They were the perfect combination. She scoffed.Looks like the ferret finally met his match.End of chapter 15!Disclaimer: Another Long Authors NotesThis chapter holds a special place in my heart because not only does it signal the beginning of my Hermione's exploration, but it also draws parallels with a lot of socially relevant themes that I'm sure the female readers of this story can relate to. I presented it in the story as a bias towards her ancestry, but if we take a look at the themes in the context of our reality, it applies perfectly to gender bias.How differently male figures are treated in comparison to female ones by the media, and how normalized it is (You see this a lot in red carpet events, comic con panels, interviews, talk shows, newspapers, tabloids, magazines etc.)How society views women who tend to be ambitious and career driven (Because they should be focusing on family building at around a certain age, and shouldn't a woman be supportive, nurturing, and caring? – "Behind every great man, is a great woman." *cue rolling of eyes because why oh why does she have to be 'behind'? Can't they just stand side by side?)How people are quick to direct acclaim towards men (A lot of women have been removed from their rightful place in history because of the lack of recognition. You see this more commonly in the field of music, science, politics, and art.)How easily the public questions a woman's credentials and the validity of their acquisition (Such as successful female artists who get doubted for writing their music. Or women who are belittled when they work in fields generally labeled as 'masculine' such as engineering)How women are trained to apologize for being 'bossy', getting angry, demanding for something, or just expressing their opinions and thoughts ('It takes years as a woman to unlearn what you have been taught to be sorry for.' ~ Amy Poehler)Now, before some of you start thinking that this is an attack on men in general, I'll go ahead and correct you on that. This isn't about proving or insisting that women are better than men. This is about pointing out how perceived gender roles affect us all, regardless of what we identify as.We need to ask ourselves what are the restrictions that we place on ourselves and others, based in our perceived notion of gender. And why?As children, we are taught not to ask difficult questions. Don't talk about religion. Don't talk about politics. Don't talk about abuse and mental health. Don't talk about sexual orientation and gender. Don't talk about violence, drugs, and war.But instead, what we should have been taught is how to talk about all these things and actually listen to one another WITHOUT fighting. Without the hate. Without the ad hominem attacks and the cursing and the violence. Sometimes all you need is that one person who thinks a little bit differently, who challenges things calmly, and who asks all the right questions.As this story continues to progress, I hope I can do my best to stay true to the message that I want to send across to all of you who continue to support it. I also want everyone to know that the comments section is open to whoever wants to express any realization from this story. (To those who shared a bit of their lives with me after resonating with some of the themes of this story, thank you.)I hope you're all doing well in this pandemic and thank you for taking time to read this ^^

Ginny held her breath the moment her eyes came in contact with the expanse of the luxurious bedroom she was in. Turning around as slowly as she could, she clutched the duvet tightly against her chest, whispering a silent prayer in the air.She let out a sigh of relief when she realized was alone."Fuck." She slapped a palm against her forehead, annoyed that she actually spent the night. How could she be so careless?She threw the covers off her body, grumbling as she moved to grab her strewn clothes all over the room. It was all his fault! She clicked her tongue. Why did he have to be so bloody… good?She dropped her clothes by the bathroom's vanity area, stepping into the shower to rinse away all evidence of him; ignoring the ache between her legs that served as a reminder of her indiscretion.She already accepted the fact that this was something she wanted. Heck, she even went as far as negotiating the schedule of their trysts so it wouldn't get in the way of her training. But he just never failed to infuriate her every single time.Sometimes it would be a short, offhanded comment. Other times it would be a small, seemingly insignificant gesture. But most of the time, it was the annoying way he would chuckle while his fingers worked against her-She scrubbed her hair furiously at the thought. It wasn't enough that he was already good looking, he just had to be unfairly talented at that as well. She rolled her eyes. Now if only she could get him to shut up long enough to forget that it was him who was buried deep inside her, making her shudder with every move of his sinful body. She huffed.It was never like this with Harry.Her hands fell down to her sides, closing her eyes as the scalding water rained down on her. With Harry she felt safe, loved, and cherished. Everything felt so organic – so natural, so effortless. There were no second thoughts – no doubts, no fears.With Harry, she was sure.But what good did that do her? She envisioned the rest of her life with him in it every step of the way, only to be left hanging without a single warning.He was in all of her plans… their plans. Plans that they stayed up late at night drafting until the sun came up before they even realized. Promises they exchanged when it was just the two of them, hoping they would get out of the war alive and live long enough to watch their grandchildren step through platform 9¾.They talked about travelling the world together. They talked about the possibility of eventually living in Grimmauld when they tie the knot. They talked about getting a pet – he wanted a dog, she wanted a cat. So they decided to get one of each. They talked about having a home garden since she was used to having one growing up. Fresh vegetables always tasted the best after all.He told her would buy a car, and that he would drive her around Paris one day to show her the Eiffel tower. He told her he would take her to ride a plane, so she could experience how muggles fly. He told her he would bring her to the movies, so she could understand how ingenious muggles could be. He told her he would let her witness a live band, so she could finally appreciate what the entire wizarding world was missing.He told her… so many things. Promised her… so much more.But in the end, none of it came true.I'm sorry, Gin. I'm sorry. I just- I can't. I can't do this. Not anymore.Ginny turned off the shower, grabbing a warm folded towel from the rack on the wall, drying herself off.Never again would she let herself be put in that position. Never again would she allow herself to hand over her future to someone who might not be there when she woke up the next morning. Never again will she plan her life around a man who would only give her empty promises and meaningless words.Never again.She stood in front of the floor length mirror, letting the edge of her damp hair drip onto the tiled floor. She eyed the bruises on her body, all the little cuts and scrapes on her skin, no doubt from the countless drills during training, and all games she's played so far.She looked at the toned muscles of her arms, abs and legs. She stared at her calloused palms and battered fingernails – not looking at all like the hands of maiden. She fisted her them tightly, staring back at her reflection on the mirror.She grinned, proud of all the hard work she put into her passion. This was who she was, and this was who she would be.From now on, she was flying solo.Ginny moved to grab another fresh towel, wringing it around her hair to keep it out of place. She pulled on her clothes, taking one last look on the mirror, winking at herself before she stepped out of the bath.Tugging the towel off her hair and chucking it to one side of the room, she grabbed her wand, muttering a quick drying spell onto her tresses. She ran a hand through it absentmindedly as she collected the rest of her belongings.Slinging her small clutch over her shoulder, she gave the hotel room one more look to make sure she had everything she needed. She nodded, turning around to head out through the door."Took your time, Weasley."Ginny failed to stop her mouth from falling open at the sight of what greeted her. There, sitting on the dining set by the glass wall, was Blaise fucking Zabini, looking utterly picturesque against the morning sunshine.Blaise raised an eyebrow at her stunned expression, slicing through the remains of his Eggs Benedict gracefully. "What?""What are you doing?" Came her incredulous tone as she eyed the platters scattered on the table. She felt her mouth water at the sight of bacon, eggs, and French toast. The smell of freshly brewed tea was heavy in the room."Eating." He replied nonchalantly, unsure why she asked such an obvious question. He rolled his eyes, pointing his knife towards the unused tableware across him.Ginny blinked at the gesture. Was he seriously offering her breakfast?When he realized she made no move, he placed his cutlery down against his plate, eying her tiredly. "We missed the portkey. I'm having another set sent over, so there's no point in rushing out."Ginny shook her head, trying to ignore the surreal feeling of it all. "I'm not hungry.""Fine then. Suit your-"The sound of her rumbling stomach echoed through the room.Ginny closed her eyes in mortification. Her monstrous appetite just had to make an appearance, now of all times. She glanced back at him, feeling her face grow hot at the sight of his shaking shoulders. He had his head turned away, and he wasn't making any sound, but she was sure he was laughing at her expense."Don't hold back on my account, Weasley!" He finally called out to her, trying his best to swallow his chuckles.Annoyed at his amusement, she stalked towards the table, eying his impeccable table manners with disdain. She flopped onto the chair, not bothering to straighten a napkin on her lap, as she scooped out one article of food after another. Her plate was overflowing in no time.She grinned at the disgusted look on his face as she stuffed spoonfuls of crispy bacon, scrambled eggs, and marmalade-filled toast into her mouth.Blaise swallowed, unable to control the look of revulsion on his face. "Real sexy." He deadpanned.Ginny raised a brow in his direction, undeterred by his displeasure. She dropped the heavy spoon on her plate, watching him wince at the sound in annoyance. She grabbed the serving ladle off the bowl of mashed potatoes, eating a huge chunk out of it directly."You don't need to prove how much you can fit in your mouth, Weasley. I already know."She choked, spitting chunks of food across the table.Blaise felt nothing but mortification the moment he sensed the projectiles land onto his face and suit. "You're bloody disgusting!" He grabbed a tissue from the table, dabbing it onto his face and clothes, hoping it wouldn't stain. He mumbled the rest of his complains under his breath, ignoring her coughing fits as she tried to swallow down a glass of water."You're a fucking pig!" Ginny yelled back at him, grabbing the table napkin on her side to wipe the grease off her fingers.There he was again! Annoying the shit out of her with one perfectly timed, perfectly placed remark.She pushed her chair back, making sure to scrape it loudly against the floor, before she stormed off towards the door."What? No thank you for the food?"She turned around swiftly, sending him a mocking curtsy. "Thank you for the food, you bloody git!"Blaise raised a brow at her insolence, raking his eyes through her body slowly before landing back onto her wide brown eyes. He smirked."Thank you for the food."Ginny opened her mouth to retort, but she couldn't, for the life of her, think of a single thing to say. The lustful way his eyes scanned her body, and the smoldering gaze he was sending her way, made it difficult to think.She huffed as she stomped out of the hotel suite, muttering curses at him, every bit annoyed for being turned on.Pansy stepped out of her office, not bothering to hide her annoyance at her secretary's incompetence. Sure he had a good work ethic, and he had impeccable taste in shoes, but his high-heeled Louboutin's did nothing for his shit working memory.She'd forgotten that he could only take a total of three instructions at a time. Any more than that would increase the likelihood of him forgetting at least one of those orders. She scoffed. This time, it had been her car service.She marched down the steps of her boutique, feeling her irritation double at the sight of the bothersome Gryffindor she was sure she'd finally shaken off after weeks of silence."I am not in the mood, Potter." She stopped on the second step of the stairs, making sure she had the height leverage. "I will cut you."Harry blinked at the livid expression on her face, not quite sure why it amused him. "Good evening to you too, Parkinson. I see you've had a rough day.""Don't talk to me." She raised a palm towards him in dismissal, walking away as quickly as she could.Out of all the days she could lose her car service, it just had to be today. She clicked her tongue. She didn't have time for this. She was too busy trying to grow her brand into a multimillion pound empire for crying out loud."I was wondering if you're free for dinner."She flinched at the sound of his voice, only now realizing he'd been following her the whole time. She felt her nerves bristle at the sight of the relaxed expression on his face."What?""Dinner." He shrugged. "I wanted to-""I'll be frank, Potter." She faced him head on – one hand on her hip, the other bent to cradle the strap of her bag against the crook of her elbow. "Are you trying to date me?"Harry blinked, feeling his lips part at the audacity of her claim. He snorted ungracefully, eying her like he would a madwoman. "You wish, Parkinson.""Good." Pansy placed a hand against her heart, sighing in relief. "Because I'm telling you now, Potter. You are definitely not my type."Harry eyed her in disbelief, allowing himself to scoff in amusement. "The feeling is mutual, Parkinson. I just wanted to thank you for… well, helping me figure things out." He shrugged again, eying her earnestly.Pansy scanned him dubiously, trying to figure out what his angle was. She remembered reading about his resignation in the papers, and how he was currently unemployed. "And what exactly did I help you figure out?" She narrowed her eyes, watching him turn his gaze sideward in contemplation."It's a secret for now." He grinned, pocketing his hands into his jeans.She rolled her eyes, walking away from him. Why the hell was he acting coy? "And yet people call me a drama queen." She whispered to herself, with every intention of letting him overhear.Pansy glanced at him oddly when she realized he continued to walk alongside her in silence. He was paying her no heed as he strolled through the streets, eying their surroundings curiously. She decided to ignore him, hoping he would get the hint and leave her alone.Pansy paused at the intersection, waiting for the lights to signal that it was safe to cross. She eyed the muggles standing across her, holding their phones against their ears as several cars drove past them on the street. She took notice of the tall buildings within the vicinity, blinking at the huge screens plastered against them flashing advertisements, when an airplane flying overhead caught her attention.Look around you, Pansy. We're surrounded by the finest form of wandless magic. How are you not in awe?She sneered at the sound of Theodore Nott's voice in her head. She did not need to remember him now of all times. She was growing tired of rebelling against his incessant requests of watching a film with him. She already tried every protective charm she could find, but no matter what she did, he would always be there in her flat once every week, asking if she was finally ready to have their movie night.Pansy stomped through the pedestrian lane, annoyed at how deeply the Nott heir kept worming himself into her life. This was all Blaise's fault! If she would have to suffer through at least an hour of muggle moving pictures, then she would drag him along with her."Why the muggle world?"Pansy paused when they reached the other end of the street. "What?" She watched him shrug once again. What was with him and his affinity towards that annoying flippant gesture?"Why are you in the muggle world, of all places?"She eyed him oddly. Why did he want to know? "I just am." She rolled her eyes, replying with a resolution that allowed no further discussion.They continued to walk in silence – her trying to find the closest apparition point, while he… well, did whatever the hell he was trying to do.What is it with you and your dislike for anything muggle?Pansy grumbled when another one of the Nott heir's questions rang in her ear. She huffed, pausing in her steps to glance at the wide-eyed expression on the Golden Boy's face."What?" Harry stared at the pensive look the Slytherin threw at him, trying to decipher what was going through her head exactly."Potter, you were…" Pansy cleared her throat, sauntering through the street, trying her best to appear nonchalant. "You were raised by muggles, right?""Yes…?" He answered, not quite sure where the conversation was going. He watched her tuck an imaginary strand of hair against her ear, flipping the rest of her straight black tresses onto her back."And you only found out about magic when you were…?""Well, just before I enrolled at Hogwarts actually.""Right. Right." She nodded her head.Harry said nothing, matching the pace of her footsteps as they walked through the cobbled streets. He glanced at her feet, wondering how she managed to move so gracefully with those pointed heels pushing against her soles. He shook his head. What an impractical choice of footwear."So… How did you… You know, how did you feel when…" She gestured her hands out randomly as she tried to make her point. "When you found out that there's this… whole new world you never thought existed? That there's this… place full of people and things that you never imagined could be real?"Harry fought the grin itching to crawl up his face, having an inkling as to what she was trying to indicate exactly. "Well, to be perfectly honest?" He stopped in his tracks, prompting her to pause as well. "I was thrilled."Her shoulders sagged at his answer. "Right. I forgot I was talking to a Gryffindor for a moment." She rolled her eyes, turning to walk away once again. "Forget I said anything." She flinched when he moved to block her way in an instant."No, no. Go on." He nodded at her. "I want to hear the rest of it."Pansy let out a tired sigh. "Forget it, Potter." She stepped to the side, annoyed when he mimicked the motion. She moved as quickly as she could to avoid him, but wherever she turned, he was right there in front of her. She huffed at him in frustration."I'm serious, Parkinson. I want to hear it."She huffed once again, crossing her arms in aggravation. "Muggles don't believe in magic, and werewolves, and witches, and elves, and everything else in between." She paused to narrow her eyes at him. "Why was it so easy for you to just… accept everything?" She watched him nod at her in agreement, utterly confused by the gesture."It's true I wasn't taught to believe in them growing up. Everything about magic in the muggle world is folklore and fantasy. It's not real." He shrugged, bringing his hands into his pockets once again. "But the thing is, I wasn't taught to fear them, hate them, or think I was superior or inferior to them in any way." He paused to glance at her meaningfully, noticing how her eyes widened for a fraction. "So I had nothing but curiosity for the things I had yet to see and understand."Pansy swallowed, torn between wanting to hear more of his point of view and bolting out of his sight for being found out. She eyed him in silence, finally understanding where the stark difference in their perspectives stemmed from.She watched him fumble through the pockets of his coat, pulling out a worn-down receipt and a ballpoint pen. She furrowed her brows as he scribbled something onto the back of the tiny sheet.Harry took her hand in his, flipping her palm open to deposit the crumpled paper in her grasp. "If you ever want to know more about the muggle world, I'd be happy to help."Pansy eyed the carelessly scrawled name and number in her hand, surprised by his response."But only if you're willing." He shrugged again. "After all, it's not like I can change the way you think." He paused for a moment to search her gaze. "Only you can do that. No one else can."Pansy couldn't think of a reply as she stared at the paper in her hand once again, noticing him start to walk away. She watched his retreating back until he reach the end of the street.Harry turned around at the last second to wave his goodbye, before finally rounding a corner, disappearing from her line of sight."So… What was that last minute portkey all about?"Blaise glared at the grinning Nott heir lounging on his living room sofa with a glass of wine in one hand. He grumbled. Did he open another one of his bottles?"That better not be my 1979 Cabernet Sauvignon." He glared at Theo, eying the blood colored liquid he was swirling carelessly in his hand. The shrug he got in return made him grow even more indignant."I didn't say anything about all the other portkey requests, but this one definitely got me curious." Theo grinned, taking a sip of the delicious liquor in his hand, not bothering to note its year or name. Blaise could always get another bottle of whatever it was after all. "An all-nighter that stretched all the way until breakfast?" He raised a brow. "That doesn't sound like you."Blaise grabbed an empty goblet for himself, pouring a generous amount of wine into it, groaning when he realized it was his 1985 Bordeaux. "It's none of your business, Theo." He let out a long exasperated breath as he flopped down onto the opposite couch.Why was the Nott heir such an insufferable gossip?"Ah, but it is my business. After all, it's my unregistered portkeys you're using." Theo shrugged. "So out with it. Who's this mystery person that's gotten you so prickly?" He watched Blaise hide behind his glass, grumbling under his breath."No one."Theo rolled his eyes. He was worse than Draco when it came to denial. "Someone's caught feelings." He teased. The glare Blaise sent him made him grin. Could he be more obvious?"As if! That woman doesn't have a single charming bone in her body!""So there is a woman."Blaise quieted down immediately, annoyed by his slip.Theo narrowed his eyes. The Zabini heir was usually so courteous and charming towards the ladies. This was the first time he's ever heard him insult one so blatantly. "What's her name?" He asked in a singsong tone, leaning towards the coffee table that separated them.Blaise ignored him, casually sipping the wine in his hand in silence.Theo hummed in speculation at the lack of a response, and the avoidance of his gaze. "I'm guessing I know her, but for some reason, you don't want to tell me who she is." He folded his arms across his chest. Now he really wanted to know."Come on… Out with it. You know you want to."Blaise raised a brow at his assumption, not bothering to offer him a reply.Theo sighed at his tight-lipped friend as he leaned back against the couch. "I guess I could always make an extra portkey for myself. You know, just to see what the secrecy is all about."Blaise eyed him in mortification. "You wouldn't." Came his incredulous tone. The ambivalent shrug he got as a reply made him run a hand against his face. Fuck Theo and his fucking meddling ways. Why couldn't he just stick to pestering Draco?"So?" Theo smirked, feeling the other Slytherin's resolve crumble at his well-placed threat."Weasley."Theo blinked at the mumbled whisper that barely reached his ears. He slammed his glass onto the table, raising both palms up to steel himself. "Wait, did you say… Weasley?" He watched Blaise glance down at the carpet as if it was the most interesting thing in the room."Just to be absolutely sure, which Weasley are we talking about?"Blaise snapped his head up to glare at the Nott heir in annoyance. "The youngest one!"Theo's mouth fell wide open, shaking his head at the hilarity of it all. "Ginevra knocked-you-off-your-broom-with-a-bludger Weasley?!" He was laughing out loud at this point, wiping the tears from the corners of his eyes.Blaise clicked his tongue. This was exactly the reason why he never shared his personal life with Theo."Oh this is hilarious! We have to tell Draco!""Like hell you will!""This is- I can't even-" Theo was dying with laughter now. "Him with Granger and you with Weasley?! What alternate universe have I entered?!" He kept chuckling to himself, falling all over the couch, clutching his stomach in an attempt to dull the cramp that was beginning to form. "So… how are you… planning to… sweep her off her feet?" He asked in between huffs of poorly contained amusement.Blaise seethed silently to himself, wishing Theo would just shut up. He already had half a mind of shoving the bottle of Bordeaux down his throat."You're such a bloody romantic!""I am not!""Yes you are!" Theo pointed an accusatory finger right at him. "Portkeys to five star hotels all over the world, just for a quick shag? You could have just popped it in and out at some dark back alley if the sex was all you wanted!" He shook his head in disbelief. "You act all cold, brooding and mysterious, but deep down you're all mushy and gooey!""Oh shut the fuck up, Theo!""It's true!" Theo slapped his palms against his thighs to emphasize his point. "You're one of the most paradoxical people I've ever met!" He swiped at his eyes once again, small peals of laughter still bubbling out of his chest. "Next to Draco, of course." He rolled his eyes. No one could beat the Malfoy heir when it came to incongruity.Blaise said nothing, opting to refill his glass to the brim. If he was going to tolerate an entire evening with Theo, there was no way he would do it sober.Theo glanced at Blaise's irate form, still amused by the entire thing. He didn't understand his need to act like a fuckboy when in fact, he was a gentleman through and through. He wasn't the kind of guy who would go for a quickie at some random bathroom stall. He was the wine and dine type no matter how hard he denied it.Theo could tell that Blaise's chivalrous ways stemmed from the Zabini matriarch's influence. After all, he grew up without a father and had been forced to mature early because of his frivolous mother. She once flew into her son's flat piss ass drunk, looking for her wand, only for Blaise to point out that she had used it to keep her hair up in a bun.Theo chuckled to himself at the memory. That was the first time he met Mrs. Zabini. Watching Blaise direct her gently towards the couch, handing her a vial of sobering potion, a glass of water, and a chilled towel, told Theo that this was a regular occurrence.He sighed. No wonder the Zabini heir had been so good at dealing with Draco during his house arrest. He was used to taking care of someone."Hey, Blaise…" Theo moved to grab his wine from the table. "Do you believe in true love?" He took a generous gulp from his glass.Blaise raised an eyebrow at the random question. "No." He answered matter-of-factly.Theo nodded his head. He expected that reply. After all, the Zabini heir didn't exactly have the best role model growing up. Was it six, or seven marriages? He couldn't remember the exact number."So you think it's impossible to fall in love?""Everything is transactional, Theo." Blaise rolled his eyes. "Love is just a convenient excuse people use to hide their intentions."Theo blinked. That was such a Slytherin thing to say. "So you've never been in love?"Blaise closed his eyes in exhaustion. Why was Theo having another one of his 'philosophical moments', as he so eloquently put it? "No, I haven't." He answered truthfully, eying the Nott heir lounging on the opposite couch with one arm under his head. "You?""Nope." Theo shook his head. "Have you ever seen people who made you feel or think that perhaps… it could be real?""No." Blaise replied after a moment of deliberation. He had yet to meet a couple who made him say, ah that's what love is. After all, his own mother made him realize those things for himself. He took another sip from his wine, cataloging all the suitors she entertained, and all the husbands she's had throughout the years.He's heard all the rumors about her. Gold digger. Veela. Succubus. Alchemist. Siren. Poison master. It was hard not to after all. His mother was the center of attention wherever they went. Men would literally fall all over themselves at the sight of her. But not once did she talk to him about her relationships. She never even allowed her husbands to interact with him without her in attendance.All he knew was that they would disappear after a certain amount time, and he never really knew how or why. He never asked his mother either.He was too scared to find out.Blaise glanced up at the ceiling as he leaned back against the couch. Anyone who believed that love was real was an idiot. Lust, attraction, attachment, dependence – those were real. But love, in its truest form? Such a thing didn't exist. People would always just mistakenly interchange it for something else."What's your mother like?"The sudden shift in the discussion surprised Blaise. "What's with all the random questions?"Theo shrugged. "I'm just trying to figure you out."Blaise blinked at him confused. "Huh?""I'm trying to figure out why you're so kind.""What are you talking about?""You're kind, Blaise." Theo turned his head to send him a look that silenced any opportunity for a rebuttal."I'm not."Theo rolled his eyes as he pushed himself up off the couch, swinging his legs back onto the floor. "Oh please. You didn't have to bother with me and Draco, but you did. Up until now I still don't know the reason why, but honestly… I can't thank you enough."Blaise glanced down at the wine in his hand, not knowing the answer to that either. He was already in the middle of all their shit before he even realized. He sighed. He couldn't bring himself to leave them anymore after that."I owe Draco a lot." Theo began, refilling his glass once more. "I… My dad used to beat me up… and he would always intervene whenever he could."Blaise held his breath. This was the first time Theo ever mentioned his past to him voluntarily. The Nott heir was always quick to change the subject, laughing it off whenever he would show signs of having been abused as a kid.(Flashback)Blaise followed the panicking elf into the help's quarters, running towards the sounds of screaming. He pushed open the door Tobi pointed towards, noting how the elf quivered in place, holding his small hands firmly against his chest."Where the hell are my knives?!""Like fuck I'll hand them back! You're fucking bleeding you fucking idiot!"Blaise stood by the door, stunned at the sight of the two pureblooded heirs rolling around on the floor, trying to pin each other down. He could see the Nott heir's wand a few paces from where he stood, no doubt knocked off his hand during the scuffle. The room they were in looked like an exact replica of the Potions laboratory at Hogwarts."You have no right to take my things!""I'll take whatever the hell I need to if it'll keep you alive!""Give me back my fucking knives!""Not until you get your bloody sanity back!"Blaise watched Draco grip Theo's shoulders, straddling him on the floor, forcing their eyes together. The Nott heir stiffened visibly in his hold.Blaise had his wand out in the next second."Stupefy!"Theo took in a sharp breath as he nudged Draco's unmoving form off of him, pushing his hands against the floor as he sat up. "Fucking Legilimens!" He cursed out loud."What the hell is going on?" Blaise stomped towards them, eying Theo cradle one side of his head in pain. He turned his gaze towards Draco's mauled left forearm and burnt right hand, nearly gagging at the sight of them."Tobi, get Draco back to his room and heal him!"Blaise watched the tiny elf levitate Draco towards one side of the potions lab, and onto a small makeshift bed by the corner wall. He scrunched his eyebrows in confusion. "Tobi, I said-""This is his room."Blaise glanced back at the Nott heir, watching him wince as he pushed himself off the floor. His foot slipped, making him groan in annoyance when his backside came in contact with the tiled floor."He thrashed his bedroom remember? He says this is the only place he can actually sleep in."Blaise blinked, Draco was staying… in the help's building? He watched the tiny elf work his magic to stop the bleeding on his left forearm, moving quickly to soothe the burnt palm of his right hand. "What the hell happened to him?""He's been trying to figure out how to get rid of the mark." Theo sighed, massaging the side of his head that hit the floor quite nastily. "He tried to steal my wand, but I charmed it to burn anyone who touches it other than myself."Blaise ran a hand through his face in aggravation. It's just been two weeks since his last visit for crying out loud. Just how the hell did things get this bad?"He was… frustrated that he wasn't getting anywhere after three months of slaving away in this… lab of his. I walked in on him yesterday trying to carve the mark off his arm."Blaise winced at the image he drew in his head."So I took all his knives away and I told him he could only use it with my supervision." Theo sighed. "And as you saw, we didn't exactly see eye to eye."When Blaise saw the Nott heir fail to get up once again, he made his way towards him, reaching out to help, when Theo immediately cowered at the sight of his outstretch hand. He was curled in a ball with both arms over his head in the blink of an eye.Blaise glanced at the hand he hovered over Theo, feeling his blood freeze at the realization of what it must have looked like to someone who's used to having a hand raised against him. He moved his arm back to his side, watching the Nott heir unfold himself as he chuckled nervously."Must be the adrenaline." He heard him say. "Just had a fight after all."Blaise bent down on one knee, meeting the Nott heir at eye level. He held one hand out with his palm up, nodding at him in reassurance. "I'm just trying to help you stand."(End of flashback)Blaise watched Theo run a hand through his hair as he refilled his now empty glass once again."I don't know when it started, really. It just kind of… happened." Theo shrugged. The earliest memory he had of his father was when he was five. He accidentally spilled some soup onto his shirt during dinner. A hand whipped across his face before he even managed to reach for a napkin to clean himself up.He thought of all the times he wanted to stand up to his father. All the times he planned on dropping a vial of poison in his soup before he arrived at the dining table. All the times he stood outside the bath, clutching a knife in his palm, thinking about stabbing him repeatedly while he laid in the tub. All the times he paced outside the master's bedroom in the middle of the night, holding a lit candle in his hand with every intention of burning him alive in his sleep. All the times he wanted to send a killing curse at him the moment he turned his back when he finally got his own wand.But he could never bring himself to. The probability of failing paralyzed him. He was scared that one wrong move – one sliver of hesitation, one poorly made calculation – would cost him his life.He was talented at wards, portkeys, and heck, he even fooled around with time turners. But he was an absolute shit at dueling. He was never an offensive fighter. That was Draco's strong suit. He was always just cowering around a corner, waiting for everything to be over.There was no way he could beat his father head on. Not then, not now, probably not in a million years. If he stood up to him, he would have died. It was no question."I always wanted to ask him why, you know? Why did he beat the crap out of me? What did I do to deserve that kind of treatment?" Theo swirled the wine in his hand; the color of the liquid reminding him of his own spilt blood."But I was too scared to hear the answer."In the end, his father died without ever hearing his anger, his pain, and his loathing. Sometimes he felt like he was drowning under all of that hatred – hatred that had no longer had any direction. He had no more channel, no more outlet – nothing left to carry the brunt of it all.There was no one left to blame.Blaise eyed Theo's hunched form, noticing the tears that dropped onto his hand clutching at the glass as if his life depended on it. He stood up wordlessly, moving to sit beside the Nott heir, making his presence known without a touch or a sound. He glanced down towards the wine he cradled between his legs, giving Theo some privacy, but not allowing him to feel alone."And… cut! That's a wrap!"Blaise watched Theo swipe at his eyes, laughing at the entire thing, no doubt brushing everything off once again."I should really try my hand at acting. Do you think I could make it if I auditioned in the muggle world?"Blaise sighed. If Draco's weapon was his Occlumency, then Theo's was his wit. He finally understood what all the humor and sarcasm was all about. He placed a hand on the Nott heir's head gingerly, tapping it once, before he let go to stand up off the couch."Let me get you some water."Theo felt his eyes prick at the gesture, half grateful and half frustrated by Blaise's kind nature."Thanks dad!"Blaise closed his eyes in exasperation, pausing in his steps to glance back at the grinning Nott heir. This was yet another thing he had in common with Draco – the propensity to ruin any kind of sentimentality."You know, if I had a choice, I would pick you to be my father." Theo threw the rock-and-roll hand gesture towards Blaise, amused by the vexed expression on the other Slytherin's face."Keep your fucking daddy issues to yourself, Theo."Hermione glared at Malfoy, annoyed with the silent treatment he was giving her. He barely even acknowledged her when she muttered a greeting at him! She didn't understand why the hell he was so skittish around her. She hasn't done anything to warrant this kind of reaction from him.If anyone should be acting pissed, it should be her. After all, he did manhandle her back at her apartment last week after they left the Quidditch game. She clicked her tongue. If he was going to be this petulant all night long, then it was best that they didn't interact at all.Date five out of sixteen was a simple trip to the movies, only this particular film theater would be the first one established in the wizarding world. The Muggles Relations Office really outdid themselves with this one.She read in the news that it was usually packed, so picking the latest time slot on a Sunday evening was a good move on their part. Not only was making reservations much easier, there were lesser patrons as well. She sighed. At least with this setting, the chances of having a repeat of what happened back at the stadium was low.She leaned against the upholstered recliner she was in, moving the knob on the arm rest to adjust the angle to fit her body perfectly. Another button made the bottom of the chair flip, raising her legs up for better comfort. She sighed in satisfaction.She was initially exasperated that he once again bought out the entire VIP section of the cinema, but the silence and privacy made her thankful that he did.She glanced at him again through the corner of her eyes, watching him sit stiffly on his chair. If he wasn't going to talk to her, then so be it. They were watching a movie anyway so there was no point in trying to be civil.The dimming of the lights told her that the motion picture was about to begin. She intertwined her fingers on her lap, excited to watch The Perfect Storm. It was her first time back in a cinema in years. She definitely didn't expect she would be sharing the experience with him, of all people, but that was a minor detail she could easily overlook.Her eyes stayed glued on the screen as the story progressed, forgetting where she was and who she was with for a moment, when the sound of shuffling made her tilt her head towards Malfoy.She narrowed her eyes at the heavy way he was breathing. He had his eyes closed but the light from the film reflected the sweat on his forehead. She had half a mind to ask him what was wrong when she saw him take out a flask from his suit pocket, emptying its contents in just a few quick sips."Malfoy!" She called out from under her breath. "Are you serious?" The noise from the movie drowned out her voice.The ship was struggling against a hurricane now, drowning the theater in punishing sounds of rain and thunder, with occasional blinding flashes of lightning. She narrowed her eyes when he saw him flinch after a particularly loud clap of thunder.Was he frightened by the storm?"Malfoy." She whispered, reaching out a hand towards him. She stopped just before they touched, second guessing herself at the last second. "Hey!" She called out much louder this time, but he still had his eyes closed, taking in deep breaths to calm himself down.Draco recoiled when he felt a hand tap his without warning. "What the bloody hell is your problem, Granger?" He hissed through gritted teeth."My problem?" She argued back, careful not to make so much noise. "You're the one who's-""For fuck's sake, just stop nitpicking every little thing about me!"Hermione opened her mouth to retort, when she heard a loud shush sent towards their direction. They were being too loud.She glared at him in annoyance. Where the hell did that statement even come from? She barely said a word to him but he was making it seem as if she's been nagging him all evening."Alcohol isn't allowed here, Malfoy. Or did you not read the rules?""Still the playing the part of the perfect student?" He scoffed at her, annoyed for being called out. "Hate to break it to you, Granger, but we're not in school anymore. So you can drop the teacher's pet act.""It's called being a responsible adult, Malfoy. But I guess I really shouldn't expect that from you."They glared at each other, neither one willing to back down, when a flash of lightning followed by a loud rumble of thunder made Draco jump.Hermione eyed him strangely as she scanned his shaken form. "Are you alright?"Draco closed his eyes, groaning as he leaned back against the chair. He rubbed a hand over his face, feeling an overwhelming annoyance threatening to erupt in his chest."Are you scared of thunderstorms?"He let out a long, exasperated breath, cradling his face in the palm of his hand. She just wouldn't leave him alone, would she? She just couldn't get a clue no matter what he did or said."Granger, just… stop talking. For once, just shut up."She narrowed her eyes at his dismissal, observing his weary demeanor in silence, realizing he was too prideful to admit any sort of weakness.She huffed in annoyance, pushing herself off the comfort of the recliner. "Let's watch a different movie."Draco glared at her through the space between his fingers. He didn't need her fucking concern. The last thing he wanted from her was her pity."Sit down, Granger." He clenched his jaw, bringing his hand back down onto the arm rest. "We're staying. Right. Here."Hermione glanced at him from under her nose, crossing her arms against her chest in defiance. "Fine. If you want to sit through something that's clearly traumatizing for you, then be my guest."She turned around to walk away, not waiting for a reply. She didn't want to be next to him while he whimpered and thrashed against whatever it was he was trying so hard to fight against.She pushed through the heavy double doors, stomping her way out of the cinema, stepping out onto the secluded streets of Diagon Alley. She let out a quick frustrated sigh, watching her breath cloud over her face as she clutched the shoulder bag slung across her torso. A hand was on her elbow before she could walk away."What the fuck is wrong with you?"Hermione glared back at the incensed expression on Malfoy's face, surprised that he had enough common sense not to scream bloody murder at her. It was nearly midnight, but they were still out in public after all."What's wrong with me?" She pulled her arm out of his grasp forcefully. "I'm not the alcoholic who can't stand two seconds without a fix." She bit back at him.Draco was in her space, fisting his hands to his sides, holding onto what little self-control he had left. "Stop. Fucking. Judging me, Granger. Or have you forgotten about your crazy wall, and your inclination towards being mindless?" He felt her push against his chest roughly, glaring back at him without an ounce of fear.He chuckled darkly, relishing how it seemed to infuriate her even further. "What's the matter, Granger? Hate it when people call you out?" He mocked as he folded his arms on his chest, scanning her from head to toe, noting the tightness in her posture and the fury in her gaze."It's probably why Weasley left, huh? Couldn't handle the madness any longer."Draco felt a hand on his forearm, followed quickly by the familiar pull of apparition. He barely had time to recollect himself when a pair of hands started pushing against him once again. He stumbled a few steps backwards, disoriented by the sudden movement."You have no fucking right to talk about my personal life!"It only took Draco one second to realize that they were standing in the living room of her apartment."And you do?! You think you have the right to call me out every single time your bloody righteousness meter gets offended?!""I do when you make it so damn obvious!" She stomped a foot against the floor; her voice raising up several notches in frustration. "Malfoy, you carry firewhiskey with you wherever you go! There's not a single instance I haven't smelled it on you!" She flipped a hand towards him in aggravation. "And you occlude over every little thing-""Every little thing?!" He reiterated in disbelief. He couldn't even begin to explain just how wrong that statement was. "Why don't you stop trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with me, and focus on your own damn life?! How about that, Granger, huh?" He paused to throw her a sardonic look. "New. Rule. Mind your own fucking business!""If you don't want me to comment on your habits, then stop being so transparent about them!" She clapped back at him, jutting an incensed finger towards him to emphasize her point. "It's almost as if you want me to call you out!""Oh, so it's my fault?!" He eyed her incredulously, appalled that she had the nerve to pin the blame on him. "Learn to let go of your fucking hero complex, Granger, and keep your bloody nose out of other people's affairs!""Well it's hard to when you keep shoving all your issues onto my face!""Stop trying to fix me, Granger!" He kicked the edge of her sofa in anger, nudging the upholstered furniture a few feet away. He turned his back to her when he saw her flinch at his outburst."It's my life! How I choose to live it is none of your bloody business!" He paused to glare back at the stunned expression on her face. "I'm not some damn house elf you can set free! And stop fucking looking at me like-" Like you see something worth salvaging, he stopped himself from saying; surprised he even thought of the words in the first place."Just- Stop prying into my life!"He was so sick of being on the receiving end of that look of hers. He was so tired of listening to her ask about his well-being as if she… cared. He was so done with her throwing him off balance every single time she would break through his Occlumency. He didn't want to spend another minute trying to figure out what the hell was going through her mind as if any of it made sense.Hermione fisted her hands to her side, letting out a breath to calm herself down. "Malfoy, you need help."Draco threw his arms up in the air, not even bothering to hide his aggravation. "Didn't even listen to a fucking word I said." He mumbled to himself."I'm not trying to patronize you, Malfoy." She raised both her palms up for added reassurance. "Alcohol is among the most commonly misused addictive substances around the world. Breaking an addiction becomes more difficult the longer and more frequently a person is exposed to it."Hermione's demeanor naturally slipped into professional one; her tone every bit the Healer that she was. "People who experience traumatic events are more prone to it as well. It's understandable after everything that's happened to you during the war. How long have you been an alcoholic? I can refer you to someone-" She paused when she saw him start to chuckle to himself.She narrowed her eyes, scanning his shaking form in confusion. Why was he laughing? There was absolutely nothing funny about what they were discussing.Her breath hitched when he finally turned to face her. His silver eyes were sporting a dangerous glint that made her press a palm against her wand through the fabric of her coat."You want to talk about the war?"Draco grinned at her discomfort; his eyes on her were feral and unhinged. "Do you know how flesh smells like when it's on fire?"He could never forget the charred scent of human meat, burnt all the way down to the bone. After all, the Death Eaters were fond of using lightning spells to torture the elves and the muggles they brought back to the manor. They loved to burn through them bit by bit until they could no longer move, no longer scream."Or how easily it breaks?"The image of Greyback hunting during the full moon flashed in his eyes. He would always give his prey a head start, varying between five to fifteen minutes depending on his disposition for the day. But when it rained, he gave them a thirty-minute leeway. The sadistic werewolf apparently adored hurricanes, claiming that they always 'set the mood' right.Hermione shuddered at the look on his face, moving to grasp the tip of her wand tucked inside her coat pocket."Do you know how hard it is to try and keep entrails from spilling out?" He laughed out loud as if he was recalling a particularly fond memory. He clenched his fists, trying to rid his palms of the feel of warm wet intestines.(Flashback)"Winry, some water."Draco scanned through the remaining pages of Cassiopeia Black's notes, annoyed that there was nothing in it that he didn't already know. He scoffed. He knew that Legilimency and Occlumency were passed down in the house of Black through parental teachings alone, but to go as far as censor their own written works… it made him wonder just how much of it they were trying to keep secret. He narrowed his eyes. Why?"Winry." He called out more firmly this time. "Water."He heard a popping sound behind him, rolling his eyes as he turned around. "Took you long en-" He dropped the book in his hand, staring at the tiny elf in mortification.The middle of her body had been ripped through. What remained of her innards were falling out, held only by the tiny hands trying desperately to keep them lodged inside her torso.When he finally snapped out of his shock, Draco rushed to the elf's side. He pressed a hand against her stacked ones, pulling at his wand, whispering every healing spell he could think of."E-Episkey! Brackium Emendo! Vulnera Sanentur!"Draco released his hand against her torso, catching her just in time as she fell backwards, eyes fluttering closed."Winry!" He called out, panicking when he felt her gradually grow cold in his arms. "Vulnera Sanentur! Vulnera Sanentur!" He kept chanting, but the wound wouldn't heal. The enormous hole on the elf's trunk remained unchanged.Draco chanted a few rounds of reviving spells, desperate to do something… anything."That reviving spell is merely a counter charm against stunning ones. You should have learned that during your first year at Hogwarts."Draco turned around to see Snape standing a few paces from him in the library. He didn't hear him come in. How long had he been standing there?Draco pushed himself off the floor, letting the elf's dead body fall against the carpet with a thud. He eyed his bloody hands with disgust, sneering as he vanished the rest of the mess off his tailored suit."Is Greyback hunting again?" He scoffed. "He better replace this with a new one." He jutted his chin towards the magical creature's carcass rudely. "The manor is running out of help." He eyed the pointed look Snape was sending him, careful not to sustain eye contact for too long."You need to work on your lying, Draco. Your Occlumency may be above average, but you're going to have to be a better actor if you want to survive in your own house."Draco swallowed, watching the older man step out of the room from the periphery of his vision.(End of flashback)"Or maybe you'd like to hear about how the Death Eaters would snatch up muggles and tie them up, hanging them against the pergolas in the outdoor garden?"On sunny days, they would let their creativity run wild, trying out one hex after another. On rainy days they would take turns electrocuting them until the bodies were so scorched it was impossible to distinguish a man from a woman.He paused, forgetting entirely how to breathe, when the image of Bellatrix sitting by his bed, leaning over him, flashed in his eyes. She always loved to drop by during thunderstorms."Malfoy?" Hermione walked towards him slowly when she saw him turn white as a sheet. She waved a hand in front of him, standing about an arm's length away now. "Malfoy? Hey!" She wrapped a hand around the crook of his elbow, shaking him slightly, but he just stood there unmoving."Draco."He snapped out of it, turning towards her, only now realizing their closeness. She was looking at him with wide eyes, concern written all over her face."Are you alright?""Don't touch me!" He pulled himself out of her grasp, taking several steps away for added measure. He ran both hands through his hair, fisting them tightly at the nape of his neck as he turned away from her.Why wouldn't she just leave him alone?Hermione eyed him apprehensively, not knowing what to do. "Malfoy, seriously. You need to get help."He was chuckling to himself again, shaking his head at her obstinacy. "You just don't know when to quit, do you?" He sent her a challenging gaze.In the blink of an eye, he was out of the living room, running through the hallway of her flat.Hermione felt her blood grow cold at the sight of where he was headed. She was on his tail in the next second, rounding a corner just in time to see him slam the door to her bedroom.She ran full speed ahead towards it, slamming against the door when she failed to catch herself in time. She turned the knob, annoyed that he sealed it from the inside. She hammered a frustrated fist against the wood, before screaming an incensed Alohamora against the lock.Hermione flung the door open, feeling something in her chest crumble at the sight of him standing by her bedside table with an empty vial in his hand. The drawer was open, revealing several small ampoules filled with purple liquid.A chuckle escaped his throat, increasing in intensity with every second that passed. He shook his head at the sight of the used vials scattered on top of the compact desk, waving a hand towards the generous stash of tiny corked bottles inside the open compartment.Draco smacked a palm against his face, laughing hysterically at the turn of events. He ran into her room with every intention of slapping her wall of her insanity to her face, only to find out that she was nursing an addiction to dreamless sleep potion.He took a moment to collect his bearings, wiping the tears that formed in the corner of his eyes. He shook his head at her in disbelief."You fucking hypocrite."Hermione struggled to breathe at the accusation, watching him laugh uninhibitedly at her expense. She felt a tear drop onto the hand clutching her wand.When did she start crying?"You're such a bloody fucking hypocrite!" She heard him scream out loud towards no one in particular as he doubled over in mirth. The haughty sound of his laugh reverberated in the room.Ah.He was right.She was a hypocrite.She was scolding him about his addiction, when she had one just as worse. She was judging him for running away from his past, when she was basically doing the same thing – cutting herself off from the world every now and then to numb the pain. She felt superior to him over the fact that she fought on the right side of the war, rallying against a murderer spouting claims of genocide, when she-Avada Kedavra!She was in front of him in an instant.Draco flinched at the slap that hit his face, cutting his laughter off completely. Feeling something snap within him, he grabbed her shoulders, spinning them around to slam her against the bed."Don't you ever fucking hit-"He froze at the sight of her silent crying. His position over her, with his hands pressing against her shoulders, reminded him of the drawing room.I don't know. I'm telling the truth!Why are you doing this?It hurts! Make it stop!Someone help!No more, please…Please!He pulled himself back immediately, hardly wincing even as he crashed onto the floor of her bedroom. He watched her roll to one side slowly, curling into a ball, crying her heart out as quietly as she could.What had he done?Feeling the telltale signs of a panic attack coming, he tried to apparate away, only to realize that she had barred him from the wards yet again.Draco scrambled out of the room, slamming onto the walls of the hallway, knocking over the hanging photographs. He tripped over his own two feet, clutching onto a mirror by the wall, dragging it down with him to the floor.He heard it crash into a million pieces, feeling sharp bits grazing his face and the palms of his hands, but the pain barely registered. He was back on his feet in no time, running towards the other end of the living room.He grabbed a handful of floo powder, toppling the bag to the floor in a messy heap. He threw it into the fireplace, nearly forgetting to call out his destination before rushing through the mounting green flames.End of Chapter 16!So... All that happened lol! Don't worry, I won't leave another long author's notes in this one, even though there's so much I want to say :pTo be perfectly honest, sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy every time I try to review the profiles and backstories I created for my characters, but it's just so fun trying to weave and unweave their lives together!Thank you to everyone who left such wonderful comments in response to my previous chapter and the notes I attached to it ^^ I really really appreciate them all!I'd love to hear your thoughts on this update! Have a great week ahead :)
