Hi! This is a re-write of my old, unfinished story Messalina, which I started writing when I was 15 and of which I don't believe I was able to give my OCs and J.K. Rowling's characters the story they deserved. With all that's going on with the pandemic, I've revisited this story and have re-fallen in love with it. Please enjoy, I hope you like it as much as I do. Thank you!In the end, September the first 1971 was one of the worst days of Messalina Lucien's life. She had never seen so many people in one place in her life than she did on the crowded platform - she had been bedridden most of her childhood with scrofungulus, and as her parents' heir, she was treated as though made of glass. The congestion on the platform was making her heart race, and it didn't help that her older cousin and parents were sneering at those who weren't wearing robes. Worrying her bottom lip between her teeth, she gazed around her surroundings, hoping for a familiar face. She knew her cousin, Antonin, would arrange for her to sit with his friends' siblings - her father would kill them both if it got back to him that she had inadvertently sat with a blood traitor or Mudblood - but the idea of being dropped unceremoniously in a compartment with children who all knew one another made her chest constrict.Her panic only grew as she searched the crowd and could not locate any of her parents' usual guests. The Malfoys were nowhere to be seen despite their stunning blonde hair, so unlike Messalina's dirty blonde locks, and the Yaxleys were similarly absent. She could've done with one of Evan Rosier's smiles that always sent butterflies with her stomach, but the older boy was likely on board with Lucius and the Carrow twins.She was so lost in her fears that she didn't realize she was wringing her hands until she felt her mother's hand on her shoulder, squeezing hard. The cuffs of her emerald green robes were wrinkling and Messalina smoothed them out before looking up at her mother. Yelena Lucien was a strict woman with a sharp tongue and as they stood amongst the filthy half-bloods and Mudbloods, her nose was wrinkled as though she had smelled something particularly offensive. "Enough, Messalina. Make yourself presentable, the Blacks have arrived."Messalina ran a hand over her hair, making certain the large silver bow holding her hair out of her face was still properly situated and that the steam from the train had not caused a hair to fall out of place. Once she was sure she looked as put together as an eleven year old on the brink of a nervous breakdown could be, she turned around and peered through the throngs of people for the three Black girls and their parents. But, Cygnus and Druella were nowhere to be seen and Messalina could've sworn she'd seen Bellatrix across the platform earlier. Instead, a skeletal woman in dress robes stitched with gold and a necklace with an emerald the size of a goose egg was making her way towards the Lucien family, a similarly adorned man and two boys about her age following closely after."Yelena, how pleasurable to see you again," the woman said as she approached, and Messalina realized that under all the makeup she was wearing, it was Walburga Black, one of her mother's most frequent garden party guests. "We were so sorry to hear about Armand.""Walburga, Orion, how wonderful to see there are still some appropriate faces around here. This place is going to the dogs, but Armand did not go about it correctly," Messalina's father spoke, his gaze flicking to a dark-haired woman fussing over a boy with glasses that looked like he had never met a hairbrush."It appears they'll allow anyone into Hogwarts," the man with Walburga replied, sneering at a family that had to be Muggles judging by the way they were eyeing the Hogwarts Express with genuine awe. "Pathetic.""We'll see how long this will last," Messalina's mother spoke, offering a rare smile at Walburga. Her hands found Messalina's shoulders and she thrust her daughter in front of the Black family as though she were a prized kneazle. "I'm not sure you've had the pleasure of meeting my daughter yet, Orion, this is Messalina.""Aren't you a pretty little thing," the man replied and Messalina felt her lips turn upwards despite the feeling that Orion Black was appraising her closely."She looks just like you at her age, Yelena," Walburga responded. She opened her mouth to continue, but seemed to remember she had her own children accompanying her and that the taller of the two was gone. "Where is your brother, Regulus?"The boy that stayed behind shrugged, sinking into himself when Orion turned around and fixed him with a stare. "He got on the train already, Mother, he said he was tired of waiting.""Please forgive our older son, Sirius," Walburga said, a false smile plastered on her face that made Messalina wonder if that was what she had looked like when Orion called her pretty. "He's very enthusiastic - it's his first year as well. The two of you will doubtlessly become well acquainted in Slytherin together, our House is the only place to make friends.""I'm sure," Messalina said, praying that Antonin would reemerge from the crowd to take her onto the train. The Blacks standing over her was certainly not helping with her mounting anxiety. She felt like she was on display as their eyes raked over her."Uncle Licorous, we ought to get on the train." Antonin must have heard her prayer, for he appeared at her side as a silence fell upon the group. He looked as though he was completely at home and not for the first time, Messalina envied her older cousin. He had gone to Hogwarts with Marius Nott, his best friend from childhood, and Thorfinn Rowle, whose estate was beside the Lucien's Kensington Manor. She didn't have any girl friends to giggle with - she didn't have any friends at all. She knew her mother's friends' older children who had been trusted not to excite the sick girl, but she had been pronounced fit for school by her healer the year before, and her mother had still steadfastly refused her to partake in any gatherings lest she weaken. And so, she watched from her bedroom window at the ornately dressed women touring the gardens, their children playing in the grass and staining their white clothes."-I expect a letter in the morning with the good news," her mother was saying and Messalina blinked, realizing she had missed half of her family's goodbyes. "Every Lucien and Dolohov for centuries have been in Slytherin, it wouldn't do for our heir not to be.""Be good, Messalina," her father said, sounding as though he would prefer to be anywhere but here. Wishing his only child off to boarding school and he sounded bored. She was boring him. Her heart clenched at the thought and she desperately wished she was more like Antonin - despite only living with them for two years, the older boy and her father were thick as thieves. But she didn't play Quidditch - she'd never even been allowed to ride a broom before - and she didn't know any of the people they talked about in their social circle. Maybe that would change now that she was going to Hogwarts. She could talk about her studies and rail against Professor Dumbledore from firsthand knowledge. "Do not forget who you are and what our name means.""Yes, Father," she replied, looking at him eagerly, but he was already turning to talk to Orion Black. The disappointment stung and Messalina blinked quickly to avoid embarassing herself with juvenile tears. She had never been away from her parents before - she had hardly left their estate except for brief trips to Diagon Alley - and now she was to be shipped off to Scotland where she only knew older children who could not be expected to entertain a first year."C'mon, Messalina, let's go," Antonin said, breaking her line of thought, and grabbed her hand. He was a good head taller than her, despite her healer saying she was tall for her age, and she was grateful that he seemed to part the crowd easily, pulling her behind him. The boy with messy hair was trying to get out of his mother's grasp as she peppered him with kisses as a man with glasses laughed and a girl with brilliant red hair was throwing her arms around a man and woman while a sullen girl stood behind them. They were dressed strangely and Messalina blinked as she realized they must be Muggles. Several girls and one boy that looked to also be first years were crying, their faces streaked with tears, as parents soothed them and reassured them. She resented them - they had nothing to cry about, they had family willing to wipe their tears and kiss them goodbye.Antonin made it to the train, yanking Messalina past compartments filling up with students loudly chattering about their summers as they heaved their trunks into the overhead compartments. Most were wearing clothes like the Muggle family she had seen on the platform, though some had their Hogwarts robes on already. The levels of enthusiasm seemed to sap away as they made their way down the train and the level of awe and excitement on the faces of students gave way into well-dressed students in a variety of green and silver garments. The Slytherins were more reserved, and while some older students in the compartments seemed to be having a good time being reunited, a lot of them seemed deep in serious conversations. It seemed these students were more aware of the political situation Antonin and Messalina's father liked to discuss in-depth, and she heard a few 'Mudbloods' thrown around in conversations as they walked.They reached a compartment at long last and Antonin slid in, gesturing for Messalina to sit beside him in the window seat. She did as he indicated, sinking onto the bench and glancing out at the platform. Only when she turned her attention back on those in the room with her did she realize that her cousin had not led her to sit amongst children she didn't know, but rather had brought her into his own compartment with what looked like all the third year boys in the Slytherin.Marius Nott and Thorfinne Rowle appeared to be in a heated debate about whether marrying a Muggle or being born to one was worse, spittle flying from Rowle's mouth as he went on about the filth of permitting a Muggle to learn about magic. A brawny boy with dark hair was polishing his beater's bat with a rag, muttering quidditch terms under his breath that Messalina had heard on the Wizarding Wireless Network when they discussed recaps of the British-Irish league games. A boy that looked rather like a rat was sitting across from her at the window, a thick tome in his lap, but he was staring out into the crowd on the platform and it didn't take long for Messalina to realize he was sneering at the red haired girl she had seen on the platform. Through the open window, Messalina could hear the girl talking about how she wanted her sister to keep her updated on what was going on with their favorite television show and he chuckled under his breath and shook his head. Messalina didn't know what a television was, but whatever it was, it must've been something embarrassing by the way the rat boy was acting."My cousin, Messalina, lads," Antonin said after a moment, looking perturbed. Messalina assumed it had to do with the boys not acknowledging him the second he walked into the compartment and she waited with baited breath to see if he would throw a tantrum as he would at home if she didn't immediately attend to him."Hello Messalina," Nott and Rowle said in unison before continuing their debate, drawing Antonin into the conversation by asking him if he thought kissing a Muggle was preferable to being on the receiving end of the Cruciatus curse. Antonin went with the Unforgivable and was immediately met with similar responses from the other boys."Pollux Parkinson," the boy with the beater's bat said after a moment, looking rather annoyed with the interruption before turning his attention back to the bat."Theodore Travers," the rat boy introduced himself, reaching to extend his hand. She shook it, grateful that someone in the compartment hadn't completely ignored her presence. "You're a Lucien, no?""Yes," she replied, eager to talk to someone and prove herself to be worthy of the spot her cousin had placed her in."Good, we only allow members of the Sacred Twenty-Eight into our group," he explained, sticking out his chest and smirking."Oi, Dolohov's not on the list!" Rowle exclaimed, smirking at Antonin, who merely rolled his eyes."Sacred Twenty-Eight is British families only, Rowle, how many times do I have to tell you that before it gets through your thick skull? The Dolohovs are on the Russian Unsullied Eleven list.""We made an exception for your cousin out of respect for our international brethren," Travers murmured, leaning forward to make himself heard as Antonin and Thorfinn started yelling at each other about which list was better and more accurate. "We don't need an exception for you. The Lucien name remains untainted by filth."Not knowing what to say to that, Messalina nodded and was thankful when the train lurched into action and she was spared from responding as Travers opened his book. Moste Potent Potions she read on the cover and she was grateful she could at least bring up some of the material in the book if Travers returned his attention to her. She had spent years reading her father's books - particularly the ones he was not supposed to own legally - and figured being bedridden meant she at least had a leg up on many of the other students. History of Magic would be easy at least, she supposed, considering she had read all the related texts the previous year during a particularly nasty flare up.Messalina was grateful for the window seat her cousin had secured for her as she spent much of the next several hours staring at the scenery and listening to the boys in the compartment talk about which girls they wanted to be paired up with, which families deserved to be killed for associating with Muggles, and which professors should be tortured for favoring students from other Houses. The loud conversations took wild turns, for which she was glad for for several reasons. First, it kept her from wishing she had been as smart as Travers and brought some reading material. She would have to make a note of that for future train rides if she didn't make any friends worth talking with for several hours. Second, it got her acquainted with all the students and families she wanted to avoid lest she incur the wrath of her family or embarrass herself. She was also learning which professors to lean into the Lucien name - Slughorn - and which to avoid making angry - McGonagall.And most importantly, it kept her from retreating into her thoughts. She had spent much of the last year with fear gnawing on her stomach and had had many a sleepless night fretting over what would happen to her if she wasn't in Slytherin. Sure, there had been a couple eccentric Luciens who had been in Ravenclaw and one pair of sisters who had ended up in Hufflepuff, but no Dolohov that had attended Hogwarts over Durmstrang had ever been sorted into anything but Slytherin. Never had an heir been a non-Slytherin, not even the ones that had been blasted off the tapestry in their grand dining room. She wasn't brave - she knew that much. She cowered when Antonin came after her and cried when her father brought out the cane. She ran when her mother turned her wand on her and had once hidden in their house elf's cupboard to avoid Yelena, which had only amplified her punishment. There was little doubt in her mind that she was a coward, but nothing plagued her like the fear of the Sorting Hat placing her in the wrong house by accident. Her mother had assured her the Sorting Hat never made mistakes, and thus Messalina would be in Slytherin as a Lucien and a Dolohov, but she had woken up in a cold sweat from a nightmare too many times to not consider it some sort of premonition.Just as she started to get worked up over the thought of being placed in Gryffindor, she was saved from continuing down that train of thought by the door to the compartment slamming open. Jerking her head from the window, Messalina smiled at the sight of several older Slytherins standing outside the compartment. Head Boy Lucius Malfoy had his arm slung around fifth year Narcissa Black's waist, the pair looking like they belonged on the cover of Witch Weekly with their perfect blonde hair and fine robes. Bellatrix Black was with her fiancé Rodolphus, looking far too close for a couple that had been forced by their parents to pledge to stay virgins until they were married the following summer. Messalina was surprised Andromeda was nowhere to be seen, but was nonplussed to see Rabastan Lestrange was shoving a pumpkin pasty down his mouth, crumbs falling over his Hogwarts robes.It was Evan Rosier that Messalina smiled at, for the effortlessly handsome sixth year was the one who had flung the compartment door open, and was currently grinning at her. Messalina had always found Evan to be her favorite of the other pureblood children she met, though she may have been biased towards him as he was one of the few who was interested in speaking with her on the occasion she was allowed to attend a dinner party with another family. Andromeda Black was similarly kind to her, but she didn't smile in a way that made Messalina's heart race or her palms sweat."How's it going, Messalina?" He asked, ignoring a brunette girl that had come down the corridor in Hufflepuff robes and was actively trying to get through the gaggle of Slytherins blocking the way and refusing to move an inch. "Excited to see the Common Room?""Yeah," she breathed, once she remembered to after hearing Evan say her name like that. Messalina. It was enough make any girl swoon. "How are you?""Ready for another year of...learning," he responded, though the way he turned to grin at Lucius and Rodolphus made Messalina think his mind was far from the books. Probably on politics and girls. "Listen, we'd better get back to our compartment, I'll see you at dinner, yeah?"The rest of train ride went quickly as she daydreamed about her interaction with Evan and how it was going to be a much more regular occurrence now that she was going to be in his House. He'd offered earlier in the summer to help her with any of her classes, claiming they all seemed much easier now that he was in his sixth year. She thought about him tutoring her, all his attention focused on her, and she felt her heart soar. Maybe she didn't have anything to worry about. Maybe sweet and kind Evan would realize she was worthy of one day marrying. She wouldn't mind marrying someone who had always been so friendly, and she certainly didn't think her parents would object to his family. Everything was going to be okay, there was nothing to worry about, not when Evan Rosier was willing to stop by her compartment just to say hi.She couldn't have been more wrong, or so she thought as she stood in the group of first years assembled in the Great Hall. Her stomach was churning uncomfortably, feeling as though she had swallowed a snitch, as she waited for the Sorting Hat to finish its song so she could get this over with. She knew she was being silly fearing she wouldn't end up in Slytherin and that soon she could tell Evan about how embarrassed she was to think the Hat would or could make a mistake, but now as she stood with her knees shaking ever so slightly, it felt very possible."Black, Sirius," was called and she turned her attention from staring at her shoes to the front of the Great Hall. Here, she assured herself, she could watch the rude Black boy from earlier get sorted into Slytherin like all the Blacks before him, and then her stomach could settle down that the Hat didn't make mistakes. There was no way someone from the Ancient and Noble House would end up anywhere but Slytherin, the idea was quite preposterous. Once he reached his cousins at the table, she would be able to relax and stop feeling like she was going to throw up all over the floor."GRYFFINDOR!" The Hat yelled and Messalina thought she was going to faint. She gasped for air, her eyes bulging from her head as she stared in awe at the boy smiling and running to join the Gryffindor table amid claps and shouts. She blinked rapidly, certain she had fathomed the scene from her mind panicking over something that couldn't happen. But, at the Slytherin table, the Blacks looked shocked beyond belief and her eyes darted to Malfoy who looked the cool picture of distaste and Evan who looked murderous. Messalina stumbled back, stepping directly into another first year who steadied her on her feet and asked if she was alright.She couldn't answer, her mouth had gone completely dry and she was certain if the boy removed his hands from her arms she would collapse. She looked up at him with wide eyes, certain he saw nothing but the panic and fear a deer would have moments before it was run down by a thestral-drawn carriage."Are you alright?" He repeated quietly as 'Cane, Abigail' approached the stool. He looked genuinely concerned and she blinked at him before taking a deep breath and steading herself. Her heart was beating so fast she thought she was going to pass out."That was a mistake," she whispered back, her voice sounding raw. She was going to cry, she realized with a start, and exhaled every bit of air in her lungs. Biting her cheek as hard as she could, she forced herself to refocus on where she was. A girl of the Lucien family - motto Above All Others - could not be seen lessening herself and crying. Clearing her throat, Messalina stepped away from the boy and turned her attention back to the front of the from, or at least looked towards the Sorting Hat as 'Edgecomb, Cora' took the spot.The Black boy had looked happy when he had been sorted, she told herself, trying desperately to find a way to rationalize what had just happened. She didn't want to be in Gryffindor, she had never wanted anything more than to be in Slytherin and to never have to worry about her worth again. Feeling slightly soothed, she looked over at the Slytherin table. Antonin was staring at her, an angry look she knew all too well etched on his face, and she swallowed harshly."Lucien, Messalina," the professor called suddenly and Messalina blinked. How it could have possibly been her time already, she did not know, but she steeled herself and approached the front of the room on shaking legs. It seemed to take forever to get there, the chair and the woman holding the hat seemed to be miles away despite her strides. She sank onto the stool, all too aware that all the eyes in the hall were fixed on her and many didn't look very happy to see her. It didn't take an expert to figure out why - just three weeks earlier her father's brother Armand had been sentenced to the Dementor's Kiss for killing eighteen muggle children at a primary school. The Dolohov side was certainly no better, but the name wasn't as connected to hers and she wondered for the first time what the school thought of the son of two known Death Eaters who were Azkaban for life. She already knew what they'd think of her.The Sorting hat was placed on her head, obstructing her view of most the of students and she was grateful to not feel such anger directed at her anymore.Thanking me, eh? a voice in her ear whispered and she jumped ever so slightly. A Lucien? Are you sure? I've never seen one like this before. Not in a Dolohov either. Such potential. You want Slytherin? Of course you do, but there's such potential here. So much potential. Difficult. Very difficult. A sharp mind but no eccentricity, no individuality. You'd rather follow in the footsteps of your family. Too competitive, not very patient. I see a certain level of bravery, but so much potential. A perfect lineage of Slytherins, but I'm not sure it's for you. Very difficult. It'll have to beGRYFFINDOR!"She couldn't move. White noise was all she could hear and her limps felt as though they weighed a hundred pounds. She could scarcely breathe, her lungs ached and she was growing hotter with each passing second. She felt the hat be lifted off her head and got a glimpse of the Great Hall again. Her cousin was on his feet, his face turning such an astonishing shade of red and Nott was tugging on his arm to get him to sit back down. She couldn't see anyone applauding apart from a few younger students who must not have had access to the two page spread about her family the Daily Prophet had done the last week and a couple older students in Hufflepuff who looked determined not to make any assumptions. But there was plenty of whispering at each of the tables."Professor, there's been a mistake," she whispered when the professor looked down at her, her mouth drawn into a thin line and her eyebrows furrowed. It was the look of someone struggling to look professional but on the brink of failing. "I belong in Slytherin.""Miss Lucien, there's been no mistake, please make your way to the table," the professor said, not unkindly, and Messalina somehow managed to get onto her feet. She must've hesitated, because the professor gave her a small push, and she made her way towards the Gryffindor table. Her heart was in her throat, tears threatening to burst, and she refused to look at the Slytherin table until she was certain she wouldn't collapse. Behind her, 'Lupin, Remus' was called but the eyes in the hall didn't turn from her until she staggered to the unoccupied end of the Gryffindor table and practically fell onto the bench.Knowing her face was as red as Antonin's had been, she lifted her head slightly to see that the Slytherin table was still facing her. Her cousin had sat back down, likely tugged down onto the bench by Nott or Rowle who were on either side of him, but there was such rage on his face that she flinched. She recognized that look, but it was contorted even further than it had when his parents had been carted off to Azkaban just before his first year. Trying desperately to convey to him that she had not asked to be put in the house of blood traitors, Messalina knew she was failing. Turning to where she had seen Evan earlier, Messalina saw him staring at her. His look was much harder to decipher than her cousin's had been, but she got the gist. Disappointment. Disgust. Disregard. Her fantasies of him tutoring her shattered. He would never want to see her or talk to her. She was a disgrace. And she was quite certain her parents would treat her like one.Presumably, the feast was a success, but Messalina could not remember anything about it. It felt as though she had sat down, stared at the plates and utensils for a few moments, and then a prefect was leading her down the corridors. Her feet felt disconnected from the rest of her body and it almost felt as if someone else had her under Imperio because she certainly wasn't capable of casually walking right now. She still felt like she was going to throw up any second, and the cold sweat coating her skin wasn't helping with the queasiness. She knew decorum required her to speak to the other first years in her House that were walking with her, but she also knew polite society didn't include this House. Didn't include her. She thought she might choke."Hi, I'm Lily by the way," a voice chirped with level of excitement Messalina wasn't sure she'd ever felt. Turning, Messalina saw it was the red haired girl Travers had been sneering at on the platform as she said goodbye to her family. She looked so happy to be there, so proud to be placed in Gryffindor that Messalina almost felt as though it was a cruel joke."Hello. I'm Messalina Lucien," she replied slowly, unsure of what was expected of her in this interaction. She'd never thought she'd be in this position, no one had told her what to do."It's nice to meet you!" The girl said, smiling so brilliantly Messalina could do nothing but stare in surprise. The staircase they were on jolted suddenly as it adjusted to another corridor, and Lily jumped, grabbing Messalina's hand to steady herself. "I'm muggleborn, hopefully I'll get used to this soon!"Muggleborns weren't supposed to be kind, they weren't supposed to just admit to something so shameful, and they certainly weren't supposed to be pretty. Messalina's parents had made them sound like trolls. She shifted uncomfortably, choosing to focus on the back of the boy in front of her's head instead of the girl beside him."Oi! Lucien!" A boy's voice from somewhere behind her called, and Messalina flinched. She turned, certain she was about to see someone come to hex her, but instead was greeted with the sight of Sirius Black, grinning at her as though they had been life long friends rather. He made his way up to where she and Lily were standing together, another boy following closely after. "I gotta say I didn't picture you as another defector from pureblood purity but it's good to see I'm not the only one fed up with that bullshit.""I didn't ask to be placed in Gryffindor," she replied, careful not to say anything that would upset her family if it got back to them nor lead those currently standing around her to pitch her over the side of the staircase. "This wasn't some grand plan.""Even better," he laughed, turning to the boy behind him. Messalina recognized him as the boy with the unmanageable hair from the platform, who her father had gestured towards when he said Hogwarts was going to the dogs. "This is James Potter, I met him on the train."Messalina nodded at him, thankful for the interruption to their conversation that came when the staircase finally stopped at another floor and the prefect began leading down a corridor. Her relief was short-lived, however, when Sirius and James caught up with her and Lily, who was gazing up at the portraits with her mouth open and eyes wide."Who do you think is madder, your cousin or mine?" Sirius asked as they fell in line with the two girls. He said it in such a casual, light-hearted tone that Messalina thought it had to be some sort of joke. She certainly wasn't feeling carefree."I'm not sure anyone will be happy with what happened tonight," she replied diplomatically, wishing the troublesome boy would just disappear. He was doing nothing but reminding her of the anger that would certainly be directed at her in the morning when word got back to her parents that she had embarrassed the family. The knot that was her stomach tightened painfully."You're with friends, you don't have to talk like that, you know," Sirius replied, looking back at James who Messalina noted was staring at Lily. She must've felt the eyes on her, for she turned around and fixed both boys with a stern expression."Can't you tell she doesn't want to talk to you right now?" Lily said suddenly, and Messalina felt a sudden rush of affection and gratitude towards the girl. But guilt soon filled her as she contemplated what her family would think of her caring for a Muggleborn. But on the other hand, if she was in for a penny, maybe she could be in for a pound. This Lily girl did seem nice enough, and Messalina was rather eager to make some friends of her own. To have someone to confide in, to share things she couldn't tell her family or that her family wouldn't be interested in, and to just sit with in a companionable silence. She'd seen her mother speaking her closest friends many a time at garden parties, never trading secrets about themselves but peddling gossip as though it was their job. They would laugh, throwing their heads back and drinking glass after glass of firewhisky and wine until they staggered to the Floo and went home and Yelena Lucien shut herself in her chambers for the rest of the day."I think I'm in love," James said, fawning as he looked at Lily's stern face. Lily groaned loudly in frustration, her face growing red and clashing terribly with her hair. When James opened his mouth to reply, she huffed and, much to Messalina's surprise, she grabbed her hand and led Messalina away from the boys and spend up until they reached the rest of the Gryffindor first years."I can't believe them," Lily grumbled as they rejoined the rest of the group. "Boys can be so thick sometimes, I'm sorry they're being obnoxious."Messalina nodded, pleased to be away from Sirius Black and his insinuations that she had asked to be in Gryffindor. The idea was laughable. Their rejoining of the group and Lily's murmured grievances seemed to have attracted the attention of the two other boys that had been sorted into their House, whose names Messalina had no clue of considering they had been sorted after she had fallen stricken into her spot at the end of the table. She recognized taller and thinner of the two as the boy whose feet she had stomped on as they waited to be sorted and who had asked her if she was alright. He gave her a sympathetic look but seemed to know better than to say anything and she felt herself flush with embarrassment and quickly turned her gaze from him to the pudgy boy beside him with the watery eyes. He appeared much less sure of Messalina and she watched as he sped up slightly."Hi, I'm Lily Evans and this is Messalina!" She could have kissed the redhead for breaking the uncomfortable staring contest the four of them were engaged in. She seemed to be racking up quite a debt to the girl already on the walk to the Common Room alone."Remus, nice to meet you both," the taller boy replied, nodding at both of them."Peter Pettigrew," the other boy piped up, offering the girls a small smile. "Are you from a wizarding family, Lily?"Messalina noticed the question was not aimed at her, though she couldn't blame Peter for avoiding the topic, instead she was rather relieved. It was certainly something she'd probably prefer to not to discuss lest her new Housemates shun her. She doubted they knew a lot of people whose family members had butchered an entire primary school classroom."No, I'm muggleborn. I was so excited to get my letter!" Lily exclaimed. Messalina was glad the girl launched into a conversation about getting letters and if their parents were muggles or witches and wizards and what they were excited to learn about and the excitement of the day. She was more exhausted than she had ever felt and chose to simply nod and make a noise of acknowledgement every so often, half listening as Remus explained his dad was from a wizarding family but his mother was a Muggle. Peter had a similar backstory, a witch for a mother and a muggleborn wizard for a father. Messalina wondered blankly what her parents would think of her walking in a pack of Gryffindor students with a muggleborn and two half-bloods. Her with magical blood that could be traced back to before 1400 on both sides. She had a feeling she knew exactly what her parents reactions would be.They stopped outside a portrait of a very large woman in a pink silk dress and Messalina glanced around, expecting to see some sort of door marked 'Gryffindor Common Room'. There was nothing of the sort as far as she could see, and she paid close attention as the prefect greeted the woman in the portrait and turned to face the gaggle of first years that had stopped behind her, explaining that students need to tell the Fat Lady, which was a rather rude name in Messalina's opinion, the password (Fortuna major was to be the password for the next fortnight) and she would swing open and let them inside the Common Room. Feeling foolish that she hadn't assumed there would be something as magical as that, Messalina followed Lily into the Common Room.It was about as different from Lucien Manor as she could have possibly imagined. Her home was styled after the Slytherin Common Room, with green and silver predominantly featured in each room alongside at least one sculpture or portrait of a snake, ancestor, or crest. It left for a stylish and elegant home, however, it had a much different feel than the room she currently stood in. There was a roaring fire and half a dozen stuffed red armchairs that Messalina imagined would be quite nice to lounge in and read a book. There were golden chandeliers hanging from the ceiling that glowed in the candle light and a massive portrait of a lion hung on the fireplace mantle. The circular room's walls were covered in large windows and scarlet tapestries with witches, wizards, and animals. The room looked extremely comfortable, and Messalina couldn't help thinking it felt much homier and cosier than her actual home. For however long it remained her home at least.As she stood in the center of the room with the rest of the first years, listening to the prefect explain House rules and where all the dormitories were and who to ask for help, she felt eyes on her. Turning her head, she saw three rather burly boys that looked to be a year or two older than her staring at her with such intensity, she would've thought she had grown a second head if she didn't know why they were looking. She flushed, turning back to look at the prefect and hoping no one would confront her when she was already having one of the worst days of her life."And boys are strictly forbidden from going up the girls' staircase and actually are completely rendered unable to by..." the prefect explaining, gesturing to the staircases behind her before trailing off and staring at something behind the group in front of her. The first years turned in unison to see the largest of the three boys Messalina had seen earlier standing directly behind her, staring down at her. His hands were clenched in fists and she forced herself not to step backwards. If she was going to be surrounded by Gryffindors all the time, she should probably act like she deserved to be there. She stared back at him in what she hoped was a cool and unbothered manner, but she couldn't be sure because she was fairly certain the entire room could hear her heart beating. Not only because it was about to pound out of her chest, but also because the room had gone deathly silent and she could only hear her own breathing, the crackling of the fire, and her heart."Muggle killers don't belong in this House," the boy said after what felt like an eternity and Messalina swallowed."I've never killed a muggle." She didn't know how she kept her voice from wavering as she spoke, but she was rather confident it wouldn't stay that way when she had to respond to his next taunt."Gryffindor is the House of the brave, not those who cower under masks and kill children. You don't belong here.""That's not what the Sorting Hat said." For a brief moment, Messalina thought she had gone quite mad. She hadn't said anything, and yet someone was sticking up for her. She didn't know anyone in Gryffindor except the couple of first years she had met on the way here and the voice had sounded distantly different than any of them. The owner was older, more masculine than the eleven year old boys standing around her."I didn't realize it took a lot of bravery to bully an ickle first year, McLaggen," a second voice chimed in and Messalina felt her mouth drop open but she was powerless to move. She couldn't have closed her mouth if her life depended on it."Guess we have a different definition of bravery," the first voice said and Messalina swung to see a pair of identical boys leaning against either side of the fireplace, looking as casual and relaxed as could be. Their flaming red hair contrasted quite poorly with the crimson of the wall behind them and their robes were clearly secondhand judging by the awkward fit on their lanky builds, but Messalina had never seen such angels. They were standing up for her, a complete and utter stranger they knew absolutely nothing about."Do you even know who this is? Who you're standing up for?" The boy, evidently McLaggen, asked, sounding shocked to have faced opposition from other Gryffindors. "Her uncle killed eighteen children!""I see a scared first year girl getting picked on by a fourth year boy five times her size," the twin on the side farther from Messalina said, pushing away from the fireplace and standing to full height. He was still trying hard to look nonchalant, but Messalina would've bet everything she had that his hand was tightly clutching his wand in his pocket."Tell me, does it take a lot of bravery to make assumptions about someone based on where they come from? Seems like a Slytherin trait to me, maybe you're the one in the wrong House," the other twin stated, gesturing to the portrait hole. "I suggest you either go back to your equally dim-witted, prejudiced friends or you go find out if Slytherin will take you in."McLaggen tensed beside Messalina and for a split second she thought he was going to hex her into oblivion before taking on the two twins. Instead, to her immense relief, he turned on his heel and stalked back to his friends, but not before throwing a dirty look at the twins standing by the fireplace. It was as though the whole House had let out a collective breath, she noted, as people started to talk again and the twins resumed whatever they had been doing with their friends at the fireplace. The prefect wrapped up her spiel quickly, looking rattled, and released the first years to go explore the Common Room and dormitories, urging them to get to breakfast early tomorrow to get their timetables from Professor McGonagall."Let's go check out the dorm!" Lily said, the other girls nodding enthusiastically behind her, eager to discover what their new room would look like. If it was anything as cosy as the Common Room, Messalina was certain she would love it. But she couldn't go up just yet with the rest of them, she needed to have a word with the twins who seemed to have exemplified Gryffindor courage when the rest of the House had been quiet and she told Lily as much. Lily nodded, glancing at McLaggen, who was sulking with his equally burly friends, before joining the other girls who were waiting by the mahogany staircase.Taking a deep breath and trying to imitate some of the fearlessness the twins had shown earlier, she approached the fireplace. The pair were setting up a game of wizards chess with a rather beat up set, bickering about who would get which color and how come Molly had gotten a new board for her birthday when she wasn't nearly as passionate as they were."Excuse me," she said, her voice coming out meeker then she had hoped it would. Messalina was just thinking she would need to say it again when they turned and looked at her, their surprise evident on their faces. "I just wanted to say thank you, you didn't have to do that. You don't even know me.""It's not that hard to do the right thing sometimes," the twin sitting closer to her said, smiling at her. "Besides Gryffindor is for the brave, we've got a reputation to maintain.""Besides, we can't have a first year getting bullied by her own House, it's a dangerous precedent," the other one replied, reaching a hand out. "I'm Gideon Prewett, by the way and that's my uglier half Fabian.""Don't be ridiculous, Gideon, we all know I'm your better half," Fabian said, shaking her hand when Gideon released her. "Don't worry about the rest of the House, they'll come along. It was just a surprise I reckon.""It was wrong," Gideon said, looking rather perturbed for a moment before glancing around the Common Room. "Look, I bet you're dying to see what the dorms are like and to meet the other girls in your year. How about you go up to bed and try to forget about shit for brains McLaggen. He's a prat.""I really appreciate it," she emphasized, surprised by how fond she was growing of the pair. "No one's ever done that for me before.""Sit with us at breakfast tomorrow, we'll give you the some rather genius insider tips on your classes. We are second years after all, we know our way around this place," Fabian said, nodding his head towards the staircase. "Go get some sleep, you look exhausted."Messalina nodded at both of them again, turned to walk away, but then she spun back around as though she was under Imperio because she certainly didn't feel like she in control of her body, and she grinned at the pair. It was an odd feeling, she didn't know the last time she had felt so reassured and she said one last thanks before clambering up the stairs to her dormitory. Thankfully, she remembered what the prefect had said about which side of the stairs was hers as well as which room was for the first years - the lowest level as the seventh years got the highest floor and thus the best view of the grounds.Pushing open the door to the dormitory, she was pleased to see the other girls had already gone to bed, apparently today was exhausting to girls other than her. Lily was still up though, toothbrush hanging out of her mouth as she dug around in her trunk for what Messalina imagined were her pajamas."I saved you a spot next to mine," Lily whispered through a mouth full of toothpaste, pointing at one of the beds next to the door and Messalina giggled as Lily raced to spit it out as it dribbled down her chin. She returned just as Messalina located her trunk and opened it, marveling at how all of the clothes her family had sent her with that weren't her school robes were green, black, silver, and white. Probably wouldn't go over well in Gryffindor. "The other girls are really nice too, unlike that toerag downstairs. I can't believe him!"Messalina could do nothing but nod, her exhaustion seeming to almost triple now that she was standing inches away from what looked like a plush mattress and a comfortable duvet. Lily seemed to sense it and didn't mention McLaggen again, just whispered her goodnights and climbed into bed, pulling the curtains around the bed. Messalina got ready for bed in a haze, barely cognizant of anything until she climbed into bed and nearly moaned at how comfortable the bed was. It was exactly what she needed after a long day.As she drifted off, she knew one thing: she was royally screwed with her family, but perhaps her House wouldn't be so bad if she had Lily and the Prewetts with her.

Huge thanks to laraceleste (I'm so happy you enjoyed the old story, I hope you like this one just as much!) and Guest (thank you so much for your kind review, it made my day!) for reviewing the first chapter and to everyone who favorited/followed. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter! It's the last of the first year chapters, next chapter will be up hopefully this weekend from Remus' POV going into their 7th year. I'm planning on posting about once a week on the weekend, but this one is on the shorter side so I thought I'd get it out to you guys early. Enjoy!Previously on Above All Others: Messalina Lucien, perfect pureblood daughter of a wealthy family, is sorted into Gryffindor, much to her dismay. Knowing she's already facing hot water with her family for not being a Gryffindor, she tries to keep her head down but Lily Evans wants to be friends and the Prewett twins stand up for her in the Common Room.It was Messalina's friendships with Lily and the Prewett twins that sealed her fate. She had avoided writing her parents since the silence following her hurried 'I don't know what happened, this is a mistake. Please tell me what to do' that she had sent covered in tears on the first day of classes. The lack of a response from her parents had her on edge, constantly waiting for her family's eagle owl to show up with a Howler declaring she was unfit to attend Hogwarts and would be returning to Lucien Manor to be tutored through school as she had been as a child or that she was being disinherited. Her cousin's sneers in the corridors and laughter on the few times she tried to talk to him earlier in the year told her he knew something she didn't, and that he couldn't wait for her to know whatever it was so he could mock her. Doubtlessly, her parents had told him something she wasn't supposed to know yet (most likely her father as the two were inseparable) and it was eating him alive having to keep it in. None of the older Slytherins she was acquainted with would look at her, with the exceptions of Bellatrix who always looked on the brink of cursing her and Andromeda who offered sympathetic smiles when no one else was looking. But Bellatrix's friends were still capable of talking her out of outright attacking her, though Messalina doubted it would last for long, and Andromeda always seemed to be in a rush.And so, on a crisp October morning, when the black eagle owl appeared during breakfast with a letter addressed to her, Messalina was not surprised. She had expected her heart to race and for that all too familiar feeling of lightheadedness to reappear, but she felt nothing but almost a cool indifference. Like something she had been waiting for for years had come and she was relieved to have it finally present itself. The bandaid was going to be ripped off, what that meant she didn't know but Lily said it a lot, so Messalina assumed it was a Muggle expression."What is it Lina?" Fabian, or at least she thought it was Fabian she didn't quite have their differences down yet, asked. He looked up from his breakfast of what looked like fifty pieces of bacon and ten scrambled eggs, concern apparent on his freckled face. Messalina had never received mail before and it seemed the twins were holding their breath, waiting for it to explode or a Howler to start shrieking."A letter from my parents," she replied, pushing her plate away and ripping open the parchment. The owl, content that it had delivered its message and evidently not expecting a response, flew back to the Slytherin table where it had come from and narrowly missed clipping Severus Snape who had gotten up rather abruptly."Are you sure you want to read it here?" Gideon asked from beside her, glancing over at the Slytherin table. Messalina followed his gaze and saw her cousin and half of the table looking back at her. Antonin looked triumphant, a letter already opened in his hand, and Messalina realized dully that she had been right about what the letter would contain. Disownment. Abandonment. There was no feeling of pride or satisfaction for having figured out what her parents were going to do. The flood of emotions she had anticipated did not come, but her mouth did suddenly feel as dry as the desert and her hands shook a bit."Yes." She ripped open the parchment, staring at her cousin across the room. He must have expected a dramatic reaction for he elbowed Rowle in the stomach and gestured towards the Gryffindor table when Rowle did not immediately stop eating his breakfast to gawk as well. She wondered how her cousin was feeling about the matter. He had lived with them the last two years since his parents had been taken to Azkaban and had spent every moment he was at the Manor torturing her, turning Christmas and summer breaks into nightmares. He'd been so jealous of her and now everything she had was going to be taken away and given to him. He ought to feel grateful to her, but she knew his hate of her was nothing but amplified since she had been sorted in Gryffindor. A Lucien for a cousin helped him with his status as the Russian Dolohovs were not a well-known wizarding family but they were well-respected in Britain for their association to other families and so he had tolerated her, but now she was bringing him shame. She was a stain on his reputation, perhaps not more than Sirius Black was on his cousins, but Sirius didn't live with Antonin for several years. Messalina mused that this should be the happiest day of Antonin's life and yet he looked rather upset she was still seated and calm. He was a handsome boy afterall, with light blonde hair and strikingly blue eyes, but in this moment his features were twisted and he looked as ugly as an angry veela. It ought to have been the worst day of her life and yet she felt nothing aside from a gratitude to her friends and the Sorting Hat. Making sure to throw a small smile at her cousin, Messalina faced the inevitable.The envelope was completely stuffed, and she should have known immediately that it wasn't several pieces of parchment because it was not firm but rather it shifted under her fingers. Ashes fell into her lap as she pulled the letter out, the smell of burnt wallpaper filling the immediate area and she wrinkled her nose. Her family was nothing if not theatrical afterall - drama ran in her blood. She paused, sifting through the ash when she realized there was still a scrap of wallpaper that was still semi-legible in the pile. It was from the family tree in the grand dining room of Lucien Manor, one of her parents' favorite talking points when they had guests over. It was a massive undertaking that covered all four walls of the room and showcased every single Lucien born since the 1400s when their records began. Her father liked to point out that they were most likely pure beyond that date, but the records had been destroyed or ill-kept because of the Muggles. Every Lucien that had not been blasted off had married another pureblood, and even the handful of non-Slytherins married Slytherins and had Slytherin children. Every time Messalina sat in the grand dining room, she felt hundreds of eyes were looking at her from almost every direction, pale faces looking haughtily at those seated around the table.The scrap in her hand was from her portion of the tree and she remembered her mother screaming at her for not sitting rim-rod straight in the chair as the portrait was drawn, saying family members for years would be looking at her face on the wall and talking about who she was and who she married and what her kids did and that slouching would embarrass them all. Yelena Lucien had been right - people would be talking about who she was for years. Messalina's face might be blasted off the tree, but the giant black mark would sit directly above her father at the head of the table. She would bet her life savings, which she was thinking amounted to the small purse in her trunk her mother had given for mail orders, that guests would never truly be able to ignore the massive black spot that was her lasting impression on the Lucien legacy. She wondered if Antonin would be placed on the wall and snorted at the thought of her father frowning as a Dolohov was placed on the Lucien wall. Maybe they'd legally adopt him, as it wasn't as though his parents could care for him from Azkaban, and that could be his reason for being on the wall. Nonetheless, a Dolohov on the wall would bother Licorous Lucien more than he would say, especially because Messalina knew he considered the British and French better than the Russians. She wondered if he blamed his Gryffindor daughter on his wife.The piece of wallpaper in her hand was nearly illegible with each corner scorched and it was covered in soot marks, but she could make out 'Messa' in ornate cursive writing. It was all that was left of her five hour portrait session that had ended with her in tears because her mother had declared she thought Messalina didn't have what it took to be a perfect pureblood wife if she couldn't even sit still. Well, turns out Yelena was right about that too. Messalina dropped the scrap of paper on the table, picked up the letter, and opened it.Messalina Oksana Lucien, Due to your recent House placement and subsequent choices in companionship, you are hereby disowned and disinherited. The Dolohov family's position on the Unsullied Eleven and the Lucien status on the Sacred Twenty Eight will not be placed in jeopardy by your foolhardy and selfish actions. This family has worked tirelessly to develop a solution in which all parties could benefit; however, your insistence in befriending Mudbloods and Blood-Traitors has cast significant doubt on your judgement and character in polite society. Your actions are nothing short of a disgrace to this family and there is no chance at remediation. The Gringotts account in your name has been emptied and reabsorbed into Antonin's account as is fitting his new status as our heir. Respectable society has shunned you and the shadow of doubt you have cast over this family requires significant work to be resolved. As a result, all communications between you and the Lucien and Dolohov families are forbidden and will remain unanswered. Licorous Abraxas and Yelena Antonia Lucien "Are you okay?" Fabian asked, watching her face very carefully as she handed the letter to him. If there was one thing she had come to love about her new friends, it was that they were so attentive. She had never felt ignored or rejected since that first day. She considered herself lucky to have friends she could talk to and know they'd listen to her not to gain anything but to help her. She'd certainly never felt that at home. And if she had to be disowned to get it, she thought she might've gotten the better end of the deal."I think I know where I get my flair for the dramatic from," she said, brushing the ash off her robes and pocketing the slip of wallpaper that hadn't been destroyed. She could just picture her parents' house elf Yorky on his knees in his filthy pillowcase, scraping the ashes of the wallpaper into a pile to pour into the envelope and leaving the 'Messa' in here for her. He would've been punished if her parents had realized it - there was certainly no way that they had meant for it to be included in the soot. Her heart went out to the elf, he had been a bright spot in her life at the Manor."You should come live with us," Fabian said suddenly, a smile growing on his freckled face. She loved seeing their genuine smiles and the way they wore their hearts on their sleeves. It was so refreshing after years of aloofness. "Mum keeps complaining about being outnumbered and living in a house filled with testosterone now that Molly's left.""I wouldn't dream of imposing on your family - you've done enough for me," Messalina said, beyond flattered with the thought though. "I've got a great uncle that's a squib - they didn't disown him but he doesn't associate with the family. I bet he'd take me in, my father always said he had poor judgement.""You're not going to live with a total stranger," Fabian said, staring at her incredulously. The idea clearly offended him. "You'll come live with us and that'll be that. Don't be ridiculous.""Give me that letter, I want to know what's going on." Gideon grumbled under his breath about being left out of the loop and snatched the letter out of Fabian's hand. Messalina spared a glance at the Slytherin table, noting with great satisfaction that the vein in her cousin's forehead looked like it might burst at any second."I can't believe how slow of a reader you are, it's honestly embarrassing," Fabian teased as Gideon raced to catch up, murmuring the letter's contents under his breath. "Can't believe my own twin is illiterate.""Would you shut your trap for two seconds?" Gideon asked, pursing his lips and giving his twin the stink eye before turning back to the letter in his hands."I don't know that he's capable," Messalina replied, laughing as she dodged a muffin Fabian launched at her head. As one of the Gryffindor's newly appointed beaters, his aim at such close range was weak and she told him as much, leading him to throw a second muffin at her, hitting her in the forehead and leaving a blueberry stain she had to work at to rub off."How come he's not getting the same treatment?" Gideon asked as he finished reading through the letter, gesturing to further down the table. Sirius Black was surrounded by his constant gang of friends and was laughing so obnoxiously at something Remus Lupin said that he sprayed bits of scrambled eggs across the entire table. Now that's a proper pureblood, Messalina thought."He's a boy," Messalina said, rolling her eyes. "He'd be carrying their name on if he married - I'd be carrying on another family's name instead. He'd have to marry someone like that bullish Emmeline Bulstrode who would whip their children into perfect pureblood shape. Plus, he has a little brother who can easily replace him at any time whereas Antonin doesn't have the same status as a little brother of mine would've had. And the Luciens and Dolohovs are among the strictest pureblood familes - Above All Others and Nothing if not Pure aren't exactly mottos that speak to flexibility. The Dolohovs lack the political capital in Britain that the Luciens have, making Antonin their heir preserves their reputation and ensures he'll get a better match. I'm guessing Magdalena Burke, she's a second child from a family that goes back as far as mine.""How do you keep this straight in your head?""That was all my life was before I came here," she sighed, shaking her head. "I'm sure if you asked me a question about your brother-in-law's family tree I could answer it. The Weasleys are still on the Sacred Twenty Eight so I had to learn about them, even if they don't fit the ideals.""Well you can tell Arthur all about his family tree when you move in with us," Gideon said matter-of-factly as though daring her to go against him. "Because that's going to happen whether you want it to or not.""Your parents would never allow it, I'm a stranger!""I'd hope we would know Samuel and Gwen better than you would, Lina, and I am telling you they wouldn't mind.""Plus they keep yelling at us for destroying stuff around the house because we're bored," Fabian groaned. "And if you're there you can keep us in line.""Fine! You can ask your parents, but if I sense even an ounce of hesitance in their response I'm writing my great uncle!" Messalina cried, throwing her hands up in exasperation. It seemed unfathomable for the twins not to get what they wanted, they certainly knew what to say to make their opinion seem the only logical one. They were impossible. But it was a kind of impossibility. They never twisted her feelings or thoughts into doing anything she didn't want to do, they just got her to drop her fears and inhibitions. It was a different kind of coercion than she was used to. The twins grinned at each other and Messalina knew they were having a conversation in their heads about how they had won their argument. Rolling her eyes, Messalina shoved the letter into her bag and got up from the bench. "I have to go to class, I'll see you boys later."She was grateful the boys had not yet memorized her schedule as she took the longest route to Transfiguration as she could think of. She had to duck into the bathrooms a few times on her journey to wipe a few stray tears from her eyes and blow her nose, but the grief she had expected did not strike. Instead, an immense relief was washing over her. No more fear of her mother using the Cruciatus curse on her for knocking up a vase that could've been fixed with the flick of a wand. She'd never have to run from her father or cousin, listening to them yell about how imperfect she was. No more being hit with a cane for not sitting perfectly still during a portrait sitting or slapped for falling asleep at a dinner party when she was in the middle of a scrofungulus flare up and ought to have been on bedrest. Her time at Hogwarts had told her that what happened to her at Lucien Manor was not typical, not even for some of the other pureblood families. And she was determined to make the best of what had happened and to never feel as helpless as she had after being sorted. And if being free of her family meant giving up one of the largest vaults in Gringotts, she was willing to do it."Lina!" A girl's voice called as Messalina walked down the final corridor to the classroom, and she turned around to see Lily Evans weighted down by a bulging bag hurrying towards her, looking harassed. Her red hair was falling out its jaunty ponytail and she was breathing hard. Just as Messalina started to look around to see if some gang of older Slytherin students were chasing her and prepared to grab her wand, she heard a group of all-too familiar voices. The first year Gryffindor boys had declared themselves the Marauders the second week of school and become an inseparable little club. James Potter had decided he was in love with Lily since she had yelled at him after the sorting and seemed to enjoy telling the girl that every time he was in so much as the same room as her. Lily approached rapidly, grabbing Messalina's arm and dragging her down the corridor with her. "As soon as I figure out how to hex someone, that Potter is dead!"Messalina agreed with her - the boy was going from annoying to downright obnoxious. Him and Black together was a constant whirlwind of pranks and teasing of others, particularly the Slytherins, and she imagined it would only get worse when they knew magic that could back up their words. At least if Lily was there to balance him out perhaps Potter would be taken down a peg or two. Lily led Messalina inside the Transfiguration classroom to their seats in the first row, continuing on about how the Marauders were a bunch of prats who were getting to be insufferable and how dare they be in the same House as her because it wasn't fair she was going to be tortured for the next seven years. When they finally sat down, Lily let down a loud huff before turning in her seat and looking at Messalina with sudden concern."Oh Merlin, I can't believe I didn't ask you about what that letter was about this morning! I'm sorry, Potter and company had me in such a mood. Are you okay? What was it?" Lily said all of this quietly, seeming aware that Grace Caldwell was leaning forward in her seat and gesturing for girl sitting beside her to do the same. The pair of Hufflepuffs were notorious gossipers already despite it only being the second month of school and Lily gave Caldwell a dirty look before putting her hand on Messalina's and whispering, "are you okay?""I'm fine, I'll fill you in after class," she replied, glad Professor McGonagall entered just at that moment so she didn't have to worry about Caldwell trying to find a juicy bit of gossip to spread around the school. She was perhaps happier, though, to see that Lily relaxed and gave her a reassuring smile before squeezing her hand and sitting up straighter at the professor began to talk. She might've been a penniless and technically alone family-wise eleven year old, but she was fairly certain she was happier than anyone in her family at least judging by the disappointed look on Antonin's face at breakfast. Being sorted into Gryffindor wasn't such a bad thing she thought before turning her attention to Professor McGonagall's lesson on turning a match into a needle.

Huge thanks to Guest for reviewing the last chapter, it means the world to me that you took the time out of your day to not only read this story but to leave such a thoughtful review. Each chapter so far has taken around 4 to 5 hours and I really appreciate hearing that you're enjoying it so much! Your review definitely made my week and motivated me to work on getting this out as soon as possible! Also, a big thank you to everyone else who has favorited/followed this story, please let me know what you're thinking of it so far! This chapter is one of a few Remus POV chapters I have planned, and we're headed into seventh year at this point. Next chapter is the last of the 'setting up the story' chapters before the plot really gets going and we'll join Messalina on the first day of classes hopefully next weekend. Previously on Above All Others: Messalina faces the consequences of being a pureblood from a strict family sorted into Gryffindor as she is disowned. Content to reach out to a great uncle she thinks might take her in, she's surprised when the Prewetts offer for her to come live with their parents.September 1st - Seventh YearEven when Remus thought hard about where his crush had originated, he was not quite certain. He believed he'd develop feelings for Messalina in their second year when she had offered him a bar of Honeyduke's best chocolate from her stash of candy the Prewett twins had brought her back from Hogsmeade. He and Messalina weren't even friends, in fact he was fairly certain she shared a similar distaste for James and Sirius as Lily Evans that likely extended to him as well, but she still approached as he'd been trying to study in the Common Room one night. His head was aching and his body feeling as though he had been hit by a truck. It had been a particularly awful full moon the night before and he had been working as hard as possible to complete his History of Magic essay that was due the following morning and that he had not even started. He'd known he should've started it earlier but he was still so in awe of having friends that sometimes he found himself going along with things he knew he shouldn't, like helping them research spells that could turn Parkinson's beloved beater's bat into an actual bat during their upcoming quidditch game late into the night.And so, as he sat in the Common Room wanting nothing more than to go to bed and ease some of the tension on his body but willing himself to finish his essay, he had been surprised another distraction had arrived. The Common Room had emptied out slowly throughout the night and he hadn't even realized another person was still down there until he heard soft footsteps on the plush carpet. Thinking it was just someone going to bed, he didn't lift his head until the feet stopped beside the desk and someone cleared their throat. He looked up from his essay, prepared to ask whoever it was to please sod off because he was growing desperate to wrap up the last of the three feet on the troll wars of the 1500s but his words died in his throat. Messalina Lucien stood in front of him, an uncertain look on her face, and a bar of chocolate in her hands held out as a peace offering."Peter said in Herbology you weren't feeling well and...well, Gwen Prewett always says chocolate makes her feel better," she'd said quietly, placing the bar on the table beside him. She was refusing to look him in the eye, and for a split second, Remus thought she might know something she shouldn't about his furry little problem. She was top in their year at Defense Against the Dark Arts after all, maybe she'd figured something out that his friends had only just realized. But just as he started to get nervous about it, he noticed she was looking at the copy of A History of Magic and was glancing at his rather short essay with her eyebrows furrowed. "Do you want some help?"And she had sat at his table for nearly an hour, telling him which sections of the book to look at for answers, and to consider Appendix K-8 because it gave a whole listing of names of trolls involved and what their roles were. He'd asked her how she'd known so much and she'd hesitated for a moment, flushing slightly, before saying it was one of her favorite classes even if Binns was an even worse professor than Slughorn. When he'd finally wrapped up his essay at midnight instead of his estimated three in the morning, he had never been more grateful for someone's help. She had brushed off his thanks and said she hoped he'd feel better soon before recrossing the Common Room and sitting back down with the Prewett twins who were both asleep with their heads resting on large textbooks. One of them was snoring softly. And, as Remus made his way up the staircase to his room, eyelids drooping and the weight of the bag on his shoulder feeling like it might rip his arm off, he realized it was the first time he'd actually spoken to Messalina for longer than a few seconds with his friends around. She'd been so nice he couldn't understand why that was. And now, he didn't go a transformation without chocolate ready for him in the hospital wing and it was a rather pleasant memory to reflect on each time he recovered.That might've just been the first time he'd really spoken to her, but Remus wasn't sure it was when his crush had actually started. Alternatively, it might've been in fifth year at the Prewett twins' impromptu seventeenth birthday party (April the first was an appropriate birthday for a pair that caused so many hijinks and laughter) when she had been a firsthand witness to Peter Pettigrew being soundly rejected by Amelia Bones, a girl in the year below them who had been in a rather intense love affair with Sirius a few months before, and had a reputation for being stuck up. Rather than ignoring the clearly embarrassed and hurt boy or returning back to her adoptive brothers' revelry (if Remus remembered correctly, Messalina and the twins had been thoroughly intoxicated by this point and Fabian and Gideon were playing a game of chicken with two girls in their year sitting on their shoulders and Gideon had narrowly missed being pitched into the fireplace several times already), she had grabbed Peter's hand and forced him to dance with the girls in her year until he was doubled over catching his breath, face red from laughter rather than embarrassment.Remus had realized the extent of his feelings the previous year when she'd been engaged in a three-month whirlwind romance with Caradoc Dearborn, a seventh year Gryffindor that looked like he belonged shirtless on the cover of Witch Weekly. He had tried to avoid seeing the couple (and many of the other couples he knew) in Hogsmeade during the Valentine's Day weekend visit, telling himself it was to save all of them an awkward interaction. Naturally, his attempt to evade them failed spectacularly. Messalina and Dearborn had seemed to have a similar idea, or had at least decided they didn't want to be surrounded by other couples, because when Remus and Peter trudged through the snow to get to Spintwitches Sporting Needs to find something for James' birthday the next month, they found a scene both of them likely would've preferred to have not seen. In the alley between two stores stood Remus' favorite couple. They were so lost in snogging that they didn't notice anyone approaching despite the two boys making a bit of a racket trying to brainstorm what they thought James would want and how they should've checked what he didn't have before they went shopping.Remus had stopped walking when he realized the pair in front of him wasn't some anonymous couple, but rather a girl he had been failing at suppressing his feelings for for years now. Dearborn had Messalina against the bricks of the shop, her hands raking through his short hair as he kissed her deeply, the only sound in the alley their hurried breathing. One of Dearborn's hands was in her coat and Remus had to resist the urge to throw something at the seventh year. Snow was falling gracefully around them so that it looked like an advertisement for some new perfume in Witch Weekly. It was Peter who finally mobilized him, dragging him away from the scene and towards the store, citing an urgent need to get inside and get warm.But, regardless of where his feelings had come from, he knew now he had failed at stopping them from growing. He found himself unable to stop glancing over at her every few seconds as they stood on the platform, only moments away from leaving for Hogwarts for seventh year. She had chosen Muggle clothes to wear to the platform, and Remus guessed it might've had something to do with the fact that it appeared Lily Evans had arrived with the Prewetts. She and Lily were both in sundresses, a light blue for Messalina and gold for Lily, and while Lily had left her hair down, Messalina had braided her dirty blonde hair and tied it with an oversized scarlet bow. Both girls looked more tanned than usual and Remus recalled Lily saying something about her family going to Spain for a month on holiday when they were on their last patrol together as prefects the following year. He wondered if Messalina, one of Lily's closest friends, had accompanied her for a stint. Not for the first time, Remus speculated on what Lily would think of James being made Head Boy, especially considering how carefree and happy she looked as she talked to the assembled group of Prewetts.Fabian and Gideon had come to see Messalina off, having traded their Hogwarts robes in to become Aurors the past June, and they looked both professional and boyish in their Ministry issued robes. They both seemed far too young to be training for one of the most dangerous jobs in the wizarding world right now and it seemed they were feeling the strain judging by the exhaustion evident on their features. A stout man and plump woman were with them, both with fiery red hair and freckles, and it didn't take an expert to figure out it must be Messalina's adoptive parents, Samuel and Gwen. Both were in dress robes that might have seen better days and looked emotional to be saying goodbye to Messalina until Christmas break and Remus saw the mum wipe her eyes a few times. All of this was rather expected, but the kid holding Messalina's hand was not. He couldn't have been older than five and he had the customary red hair that seemed to be a requirement to be a Prewett. Lily looked like she fit in with the family more than Messalina did, after all. The little boy was staring at the Hogwarts Express with wide eyes, his mouth hanging open as he took in the platform and train. Remus realized he must've had a similar expression on his face as he gazed across the platform for the hundredth time when his mother reached her hand out and gently closed his mouth, offering her son a conspiratorial smile."Do you like one of those girls?" Hope Lupin whispered, looking far more excited with the prospect than he had anticipated. His father had always been vocally against Remus dating and his reasons were valid as far as Remus was concerned, but it looked like Hope might have privately disagreed with her husband. "They're both rather cute."Remus turned, looking around the platform for his father and noticed he was still talking with James' parents, thank Merlin. He scowled at his mother for the insinuation, shaking his head. "The redhead's the one James is in love with.""So the blonde is the one for you then?" Hope asked, laughing at the irritable look on her son's face. Remus realized his mistake and glared at the back of James' head, wishing he had arrived even earlier with Sirius so they could've been on the train when the typically late Prewett clan arrived. How dare they have shown up early today."No, I hardly know her," he replied, hoping his mother wouldn't get it in her head that it was more than it was. He might have feelings for Messalina, but he'd certainly never act on them and it wasn't as though she was interested in him. There was no relationship he was keeping from his mother and if she started asking about it in her letters, Remus would have to just set her straight again."It's your seventh year, you should give romance a shot, Remus," she whispered back, looking back at her husband and smiling. "Do you think your father thought he'd end up with a Muggle? I don't think so, sweetheart. Give it a try, you deserve it.""Mum-" He started to tell his mother that he was too dangerous and that any girl who loved him would just end up disappointed, but his father reappeared, clapping his son on the shoulder."Seventh year, eh? Still feels like you're nervous first year afraid you wouldn't make any friends," Lyall Lupin said, gazing fondly at where James and Sirius were returning from putting their trunks on the train. The pair were breathless from laughter, most likely from some joke about anatomy that they'd picked up from wandering around London all summer and would've made Euphemia Potter yell at the pair before eventually joining in on their laughter while Fleamont offered improvements. "You've done well for yourself, son. We're so proud of you.""You're the best son we could've asked for," Hope added, brushing a stray tear from her eyes as she gazed upon her son. She hugged him tightly as Sirius called over that they'd better get going if they wanted to make sure no first years stole the compartment they'd ridden in every time since first year, saying he'd rather not start the year by making any kids cry. Hope squeezed him so tightly he thought she might break him in half and he was about to tell her to loosen up a bit when she whispered, "go for it, I'll talk to your father. You deserve love."Before Remus could admonish his mother for saying something so outrageous, he was scooped into another hug with his father. This embrace thankfully did not have a hidden agenda so Lyall didn't feel the need to try to break every one of his son's ribs. Instead it ended with Lyall saying he and Hope had better get out of there before the mass stampede on the barrier took place when the train finally left. Fleamont and Euphemia Potter seemed to agree with them and quickly drew James and Sirius into hugs of their own, Euphemia covering her son and newly adopted son in kisses until both boys were begging to be let go, though Remus guess Sirius appreciated it more than he let on. Remus joined his friends as they watched their parents go, all three boys with their hands in their pockets, staring around the platform. They still had almost a half hour until the train left, and it seemed James and Sirius were in no hurry to get on the train, especially since all three of their trunks were in their desired compartment and they had carved 'The Marauders' into the door on the ride home for the summer after fourth year."You seen Evans?" James asked in what Remus assumed he thought was a casual voice, but judging by the boy craning his neck over the crowd to look for her, James' infatuation had also survived the summer. And now that the two would be Head Boy and Girl, it seemed he was more than ready to show her he could be responsible and was thus worthy of her love."I think she came with the Prewetts," Remus replied, in what he hoped was a casual voice that would not indicate to either of his best friends that his silly crush had not yet fizzled out. He had tried to be more successful than James had been, but the identical grins on James and Sirius' face told him he had been just as conspicuous."Ah yes, the Prewetts, also known as a certain young lady," James said, looking quite pleased with himself for making the connection and thus redirecting attention from his crush to Remus'."Loony Lupin loves Lina Lucien," Sirius said in a singsong voice, clearly satisfied with his cleverness as he grinned. Remus wondered how long he had been waiting to use that line on him. Probably all summer."Don't be ridiculous," Remus grumbled but he could feel the blush rising on his neck and the tips of his ears. "A band of redheads is just hard to miss.""You know what, Padfoot? I think I'd like to go see Fabian and Gideon for old times sakes, what do you say to that?" James asked, running his hands through his hair as though that would actually help the situation that was his untamable hair. He was also puffing his chest out, making certain his Head Boy badge was as shiny and prominent on his jumper as possible. Remus felt for Lily, he really did. She would be less than pleased with this change of events, especially since she'd talked about how nice it would be if Remus was Head Boy."Why I think that's a splendid idea, Prongs, I'd love to see those old chaps. I believe I saw Moony here looking over at the barrier several thousand times so we don't even need him to tell us the way," Sirius replied, grinning at the look of irritation on Remus' face.The pair took off in the direction of where Remus had last seen the family assembled and he let out a deep breath before following after in what he hoped was a nonchalant manner but guessed probably looked like bit of a speed walk. He considered just going to sit on the train, but he couldn't very well explain away spending a half hour by himself in a compartment when he had already reunited with his best mates. And there was no way he was going to pass up the opportunity to talk to Messalina, who had turned out to be a rather inaccessible young woman. She had spent much of the last six years attached at the hip to the Prewett twins, and when she couldn't be with them, she was with the other girls in their year. She was scarcely alone as she and Lily were partial to studying together in the library together beside the giant bay window that overlooked the lake and had the best view of the grounds in the library. But when she was alone, Messalina always seemed to be very engaged in whatever she was doing and everyone seemed to universally understand she was not to be bothered.By the time Remus broke through the crowd to get to where Sirius and James had disappeared off to, he was surprised to see James and Sirius had indeed wanted to talk to the Prewett twins. James and Sirius had engaged them in a conversation about the British-Irish league that seemed to revolve primarily around how if only the Cannons could get it together, they might have a chance. Lily Evans was looking shocked at the turn of events, but pleased, as she talked to Messalina and, to Remus' surprise, Peter Pettigrew. Peter was almost always late to the train as his muggleborn father liked to think he could drive a car with no problem, but there always seemed to be complications that made Hope Lupin, a muggle herself, die of laughter every time she heard about what had slowed them down this time. But here he was, early for once in his life, and had not made it more than ten yards from the barrier before stopping to chat with the girls.Remus thought it made sense though, considering Peter was the only one of the Marauders that could really consider himself Messalina's friend. They had been paired together in Herbology in third year when Professor Sprout had to separate the Marauders but seemed nervous to pair them with Slytherins, so each girl in Gryffindor was paired with a Gryffindor boy. Remus got Lily Evans (much to James' displeasure), Sirius was with Mary Macdonald, James with Marlene McKinnon, and Peter with Messalina (much to Remus' displeasure). Peter was nervous to handle the more dangerous plants as they progressed through the class and was more than happy to have Messalina handle them while he took notes on the process. It was such a good arrangement, as was Lily and Remus' (who shared all the duties), that even later Herbology classes where they could choose who to work with, they had stayed in their groupings though James and Sirius had once again reunited to cause chaos."That's my friend Peter, Charlie, are you sure you don't want to say hi?" Messalina was saying to the little boy who had gone from gazing around with all the enthusiasm in the world to cowering behind her legs, burying his head in her dress. She turned and kneeled down to be at the boy's level and he whispered something in her ear before hugging her tightly, putting his head in her neck. Peter seemed to sense he was freaking the kid out and excused himself to go over to where the Prewett twins were now regaling James and Sirius with wild tales about the auror that was training them, Alastor Moody. Remus approached, intending fully to go join the other boys' conversation but walking slowly despite himself."Remus!" Lily called just as he was certain he would go unnoticed, and his heart soared much to his displeasure. He was supposed to be ignoring what his mother had said as well as his feelings, but it seemed impossible at the moment. He turned around, walking back in the direction of Lily, Messalina, and the boy who had now detangled himself but was still talking to her in a low voice that even his enhanced hearing couldn't quite pick up amidst the din and general chaos of the platform."Hi Lily, hey Lina," he said as he stopped beside him, cursing himself for using her nickname - he wasn't close to her and had no clue if she wanted everyone to call her that. Thankfully, she didn't seem to notice, or if she did she didn't mind, because she looked up and gave him a distracted smile before turning back to the boy."This is Remus, Charlie, do you maybe want to say hi to him?" she asked, giving the boy, Charlie, a hopeful look. He shook his head and she sighed before trying again. "He's in N.E.W.T. Care of Magical Creatures, maybe he'd know something about dragons you don't know yet?"She said this rather quickly, likely to keep the boy from reburying his head in her neck, and it worked because Charlie immediately perked up and spun around to face Remus. "Do you know anything about dragons?""I think I might know some stuff, what do you want to know?" Remus asked, smiling at Messalina when she heaved a huge sigh and stood up again, looking relieved. He was thankfully spared the opportunity to gawk at her in her dress because Charlie was a very enthusiastic child who seemed to have quite the fixation on dragons and was taking advantage of having Remus trapped to ask approximately a hundred questions a minute. Remus was also prevented from dwelling on the fact that Messalina knew he was in N.E.W.T. Care of Magical Creatures, which neither she nor Lily were in. Marlene McKinnon was in it as well though so he forced himself to assume she knew from Marlene being paired with him the previous year rather than any special interest she had in him. He quashed the feeling of hope he felt his traitor heart trying to develop, focusing instead on the boy."Charlie," Messalina interjected after a few minutes, clearly trying to stop herself from laughing as Charlie finally seemed to run out of questions, red in the face. "I think it's time for you to leave Remus alone and get back to your mum. Grandma and Grandpa are going to have to get to work soon."Charlie looked at her incredulously, offended she thought his grandparents' work was more important than him finding out everything he could from this new source of dragon information. He reached out and grabbed Remus' hand, much to both Remus and Messalina's surprise, and Charlie shook his head. "I have more questions.""Charlie..." Messalina sighed, glancing up at Remus and biting her lip as she clearly thought about how to detach the boy from someone he didn't know."How about if you have any more questions for me, you can ask your parents to put it in any letters to Messalina?" Remus offered, pleased to see the boy was nodding emphatically and Messalina was looking at him with an unreadable look on her face. He had been careful to use her full name this time, knowing he had her full attention made him too nervous to slip up and call her Lina again."Isn't it nice of Remus to offer that, Charlie? What do you say?" she asked, looking at the boy expectantly until he said a quick thank you and released Remus' hand to grab onto Messalina's outstretched arm. She led the boy away in the direction of the Prewetts, who looked like they were wrapping up whatever conversation they had been having with the rest of the Marauders and were indeed getting ready to get going. Messalina did, however, turn around and mouth a 'thank you' to Remus who thought his heart might explode and he felt a blush rise on his neck and ears for the second time that day. Lily Evans had noticed as well , he realized with a start, for when he had turned his head, an easy smile on his face, she was looking right at him. He felt his heart skip a beat as she smirked at him, his smile falling off his face."Looks like we'll have something to talk about on rounds this year," she teased, a mischievous glint in her eyes, though her look turned to innocence as the rest of the Marauders approached. Messalina wasn't far behind them, having said goodbye to her family and handed Charlie back over to his grandparents. Suddenly, Remus was very happy he wasn't Head Boy so Lily couldn't corner him to talk about her best friend or bully him into trying to ask her out. He'd rather keep his objections related to his furry little problem a secret, thank you very much."Thank you, Remus," Messalina said as she approached, a grateful look on her face. She stepped between him and Lily, sighing and shaking her head. "He's very shy but he's been obsessed with dragons since we read a story about them last month. Obsessed. Says he wants to go to Romania and work with them when he's grown up.""Is that Molly's oldest?" Peter piped up from across the assembled group and Remus was once again struck by how well Peter knew Messalina. It was a good thing though as Peter had few friends that weren't friends with the rest of them. Not that Remus could talk, he was a lone wolf when he wasn't with his friends after all. He smiled at his own pun, turning his head so Messalina wouldn't think him mad."Second oldest. He spent the whole summer talking about how unfair it was his older brother Bill got to come pick me up last year and wouldn't stop harassing his poor mum until we said we'd take him with us," she explained. "He's my godson, I can't help but give into whatever he wants and he knows it.""Is that a joke?" Lily asked suddenly, her voice higher pitched than usual and Remus turned to see her eyes glued to the Head Boy badged pinned on James' jumper. Those in the immediate vicinity looked to see what the commotion was about, but went back to whatever they had been doing before when they realized it was another Potter-Evans fight. In the old days, people would've stayed tuned for the gossip, but it seemed the whole school was just waiting for them to get together at this point and fights were an inconvenience to be ignored. "Remus, that's not funny."Had it been any other year, Remus would've expected James to make some quip about how it meant even Dumbledore wanted them to be together, but instead he looked rather put out as he told Lily it wasn't a joke and he didn't know why he was Head Boy either. If Lily was surprised by his reaction, she didn't show it, instead she huffed that he'd better take the job seriously before stomping off in the direction of the train."Well shit," Messalina said a moment later, breaking the awkward silence that had come across the group and which Remus had been hoping someone else would break. She was looking thoughtfully towards where her friend had disappeared, shaking her head. "Guess I'd better go keep her from avada-ing herself. Have a good one lads. Thanks again, Remus."Her exit was not nearly as dramatic as Lily's had been (she took off at a stroll as opposed to a sprint) and so Remus was able to keep an eye on her progress, her blue sundress helping him to distinguish her from the rest of the crowd. She waved at Jenny Connors, the Hufflepuff prefect in their year, who had called out to her from the window of her compartment where she was likely sitting with her longtime Slytherin boyfriend John Higgs. Messalina's progress was once again halted when she came upon Mary and Lara Macdonald, the latter of which had her arm tightly around Archie Wood, Gryffindor's quidditch captain until he graduated in their fifth year and Caradoc Dearborn had taken over the position. It was Mary's now, with Dearborn graduated and working at Gringotts. It seemed Mary and Archie were likely engaged in a rather lengthy conversation about strategy for the upcoming year that they dragged Messalina into by virtue of the Prewett twins being beaters for six years."You've got it bad, huh Moony?" Peter asked after a moment and Remus turned to see the shorter boy looking thoughtfully up at him. James and Sirius were talking in a low voice amongst themselves, probably about how fit Amelia Bones had gotten over the summer, as Sirius was grinning at her across the platform while she acted disinterested, but Remus noticed she kept looking over and was biting her lip. Poor Peter, he thought, knowing the boy still harbored quite a crush on the girl. He didn't stand a chance though if Sirius was still interested."Guess we should get on the train, make sure no first years have taken it over," Remus said, ignoring Peter's comment and instead focusing on the clock on the wall. 10:55. Sirius and James were still whispering amongst themselves and Remus rolled his eyes. "C'mon Wormtail let's leave them to their gawking.""Don't act like you haven't been doing your fair share of gawking today, Moony!" Sirius called, evidently having heard Remus. He and James approached, Sirius looking rather pleased with himself and James looking deep in thought, which was certainly not a typical James reaction to a Lily Evans insult. Remus wondered if James had maybe been hit one too many times with a bludger that summer. The Marauders made their way to the train, sidestepping first years who were frantically saying goodbye to their families.The train was just as crowded as the platform had been, with younger students racing all over the place trying to get situated and Remus counted at least three parents onboard whose kids looked beyond embarrassed as their parents gave them last minute kisses and advice. Thinking back to his first trip on the Hogwarts Express, Remus couldn't blame the parents, especially considering Hope Lupin had burst into tears as the train pulled away. Anyone who would've seen it would have assumed she was emotional over her only child going off to school and leaving her, but Remus knew how happy she was that he'd even been able to go to Hogwarts. Dumbledore himself had come to the Lupin's home to assure them that he would be allowed to come to school, but there was always a feeling that Dumbledore might change his mind and say no werewolves allowed. But Dumbledore stayed true to his word, and Remus had watched his mother cry over him on the platform, feeling a bit misty himself, just seconds before James Potter walked in and asked if he could sit down. The rest was history. And life had been far better than he'd imagined it would be. He'd never thought he'd have three best friends that would have gone to such lengths to help him. He never thought he'd be a prefect, but maybe looking at the other Marauders he was the only valid choice for their year. He'd never imagined he'd be part of the most popular group in the school, with everyone in the school knowing his name not because he was a monster but because of their pranks and his friendships.Remus was so lost in his thoughts that he failed to recognize Sirius had stopped walking and ran straight into him at full speed, nearly knocking the pair of them to the ground. Once he righted himself, mumbling about how he wished Sirius had gone to walking school and learned the proper etiquette when making your way down a corridor with people behind you, he turned to look at what Sirius was still staring at out the window. Lucius Malfoy, Antonin Dolohov, and Thorfinn Rowle were all standing with Sirius' parents as Regulus walked away from them and towards the train. Regulus had a cool look of indifference on his face as he approached the train, one Remus knew from both Sirius and Messalina on rare occasions, usually when they saw their Slytherin family members. He wondered how much Dolohov and the Blacks had seen of their disowned family members on the platform. By how casually Messalina and Sirius were acting, they must not have seen their families."You see them too?" Messalina's voice asked suddenly as though he had summoned her. She stuck her blonde head out of her compartment, which had been one beyond where they were currently standing. "Arseholes graduated and still can't seem to sense they're not wanted here."The Marauders walked forward a few steps so they could assemble outside of the Gryffindor seventh year girls' compartment. Mary was sitting by the window, flipping through a quidditch play book, and she didn't even flinch as Messalina sat back down across from her, staring intently out the window at her cousin. Marlene had arrived as well and was engrossed in her copy of Witch Weekly, even commenting to no one in particular that she couldn't believe aquamarine robes were in style in France as she found them rather garish. She seemed offended the French hadn't thought to ask her opinion. Lily was notably absent, either having gone to change into her robes or following through with what Messalina had called 'adava-ing herself' from the news that James was head boy."Do you reckon Malfoy's got a stick shoved up his arse? Maybe that's why he looks so constipated," Messalina mused, glancing over at the Marauders, but her eyes locked onto Sirius'. "I hear I'm not the only true defector anymore. You really get out this summer?""Couldn't take it anymore," Sirius replied emotionlessly, nodding. Remus thought about when Sirius had showed up to the Potter house in the middle of summer, his nose broken and every inch of skin covered in bruises. There had been a party at the Potters' that Sirius had wanted to go to that night, but his parents refused to allow him to associate with such blood-traitors while he was still under their roof and Sirius had said he'd just not be under their roof anymore. He'd been beaten and cursed by his parents as Regulus watched, apparently wordlessly and without any emotion, and when his mother had been satisfied with the torment, she'd had Orion drag him upstairs into the drawing room by his beloved hair to force Sirius to watch as his face was blown off the wall. And only then was Sirius allowed to Floo to the Potters', bloodied, bruised, and disowned. Messalina didn't say anything, but she gave Sirius a sympathetic look and a nod.Thankfully, they were saved from the interaction growing awkward in the wake of the news as Mary looked up. Hearing Sirius' voice alerted her to James' presence and she stood up suddenly and pointed at James, her play book falling to the ground. "Have you been practicing?" she asked, her voice accusatory as though she knew he hadn't been and wasn't going to tolerate any lies from her chaser. But Remus knew that not to be true as every time he had gone to the Potters this summer, he had been forced to play some form of quidditch to help James prepare for his final season.James nodded emphatically, but he was saved from answering when Lily Evans returned to the compartment. She had changed into her robes, her Head Girl badge prominently displayed for all to see, but the scowl on her face was the exact same as it had been when she'd stomped away earlier. She squeezed past Sirius and sat down with a huff, shoving the dress she'd had on earlier into her bag angrily."Please excuse us, lads, but we've got lots of girl stuff to talk about," Marlene said suddenly, looking up from her magazine as though she was just noticing they were lingering and waggling her eyebrows. "I trust you can find your own compartment after all these years.""Meeting is at 11:30 sharp, Potter," Lily grumbled, looking even more perturbed than she had before. The carefree look she'd had on the platform was spoiled, and Remus couldn't help but feel sorry for her even if she was mad at his best friend. "Don't be late. It's the first compartment behind the engineer."Marlene slid the door shut with a resounding bang as soon as Lily stopped talking, cutting off James who had opened his mouth to tell Lily he'd be there. Remus wanted to think of some excuse to linger, especially because all the girls had leaned forward as Marlene started talking about this guy Pierre she'd met on holiday this summer that went to Beauxbatons and the position was giving Remus quite a nice look at Messalina's legs. Sirius clapped Remus on the back and led him away from the sight, declaring he needed to get to their compartment so he could tell them about what he and James had been up to since Remus and Peter had last been at the Potters'. And as Remus walked away towards their own compartment, he couldn't help but think that maybe he'd never get over his feelings for Messalina.

I'd like to thank my reviewer on the last chapter laraceleste whose review made me laugh out loud (I don't think anyone wants Remus to get over his crush and since you've read the old story I think you know he can't). Also, a big thanks to my followers and favoriters! Please let me know what you guys are thinking of the story so far! I'm hoping to have the next chapter out next weekend and reviews always motivate me to work harder!Previously on Above All Others: As Remus returns to Hogwarts for his seventh year, he reflects on his crush on Messalina, and Remus realizes Lily knows about his feelings towards her best friend. It wasn't that Messalina regretted drinking as much of the firewhisky Mary had snuck in as she had the night before, it was that she wished Marlene McKinnon was not her roommate. Over the last six years, Messalina had gotten used to Marlene waking up at the crack of dawn to begin her beautification rituals and typically slept through Marlene's lengthy process. She was not, however, used to Marlene tripping on the edge of her own trunk, face planting into the side of Messalina's bed and ripping her curtains down as she tried to find something to grab ahold of.The girls had partaken in their own tradition the night before: drinking whatever alcohol they had been able to sneak away from their parents on the first night back to Hogwarts. It had become a longstanding tradition for any time they returned to the castle from a break, beginning in fourth year when Marlene stole a bottle of vodka from her parents. Lily typically only did a shot or two, too preoccupied with a fear that someone could find them underage and tipsy in their dormitory, but she had certainly dived into the experience the night before. She was wound up over James Potter being Head Boy, not that Messalina could blame her, but it had led to Lily monopolizing the bottle. If she had to bet, Messalina guessed she had one hell of a hangover for the first day of class. Messalina's own headache was reduced to a dull throb somewhere in the middle of her forehead, but she certainly recalled the previous year when she'd drunk the most and spent the majority of the day miserable and begging the twins to put her out of her misery. And she hadn't been in charge of escorting an excitable gaggle of first years to breakfast so they could get their time tables from McGonagall without getting too lost in the castle."Why are you up so bloody early, Marls?" Mary grumbled from across the room as Messalina sat up, looking down at Marlene as she detangled herself from the curtain in a huff.Marlene was by far the prettiest of the seventh year Gryffindors, and possibly of the whole school. Her dark brown hair was constantly being restyled into whatever was trending in Witch Weekly (the exception being when a Dutch singer had buzzed her hair two years ago and Marlene debated for a week if she wanted to try the style, but then to her delight the Holyhead Harpies' seeker debuted an intricate braid that Marlene preferred) and she had to be Madam Malkin's most frequent mail order customer. Despite Marlene's unquestioned beauty, she looked quite scary in the morning when she awoke with her face smeared with a bright purple potion that kept her complexion perfect. Messalina glanced at the pile of ruined curtains on the floor and saw there was a perfect print of Marlene's face in purple paste left behind."What happened? Is everyone okay?" Lily's voice came from Messalina's right, sounding hoarse and weak. Messalina could tell the exact moment Lily sat up because she groaned so loudly it seemed likely that it woke the entire tower. "What crawled in my mouth and died?"Messalina stifled her laugh into her pillow before clambering out of bed. There was no chance she was going back to bed now, not when the sun was coming up over the grounds and she couldn't remember what spell would restore her curtains to their former glory. Kneeling in front of her trunk, she wished she had actually organized her things prior to packing. She sifted through her school robes, skirts, and sweaters as well as a few Muggle pieces she had picked out when visiting Lily over the summer, cursing her lack of organization.Arthur Weasley had been so thrilled to see her and Lily in Muggle dresses when they'd come to pick up Charlie that he had almost forgotten to pelt Lily with his growing list of questions for any muggleborn he came across. He'd remembered just as they were leaving and walked the girls and Charlie to the edge of the property, asking Lily just as many questions about her life as Charlie had asked Remus Lupin about dragons. Obsessions must run in the Weasley family, she mused as she finally snagged what she had been looking her.It was a flask, very similar to the one Mary had snuck her parents' finest firewhisky in, but this one contained one of the twins' worst kept secrets. Fabian and Gideon had had no interest in continuing their Potions coursework beyond the O.W.L. level, but as it was required for their acceptance into the Auror program, they had suffered through an additional two years of the class. But it was not without its rewards. They stumbled on hangover cure in one of their textbooks and had begun producing (and selling to select, trusted customers) Prewett's Magical Hangover Potion, and in less than a month, it seemed the entire tower was coming up to them to try to figure out what the instructions were.Messalina approached Lily's best on tip toes, knowing better than to anger the redhead on a good morning, and whispered to ask if Lily would possibly be interested in a little swig of something more valuable than the elixir of life. Lily's hand was promptly thrust between the curtains and Messalina had to bit back a laugh as she handed the flask over. She returned to her trunk, frowning as she realized all her clothes were wrinkly from being shoved into the trunk for over a day, and she hoped Lily remembered the spell that would make her look at least semi-presentable."You guys are such bad influences on me," Lily complained as she climbed out of bed, handing Messalina the flask back and stretching. Her red hair looked like a bird's nest from a night of rolling over and bad sleep. Messalina hoped Marlene had enough Sleezeazy's Hair Potion to keep Lily from launching into another tirade about how all of this was Potter's fault. There did not seem to be a time of day when Lily couldn't rant about the boy and Messalina wondered for the first time if there was maybe something there that Lily wouldn't admit. Convinced the firewhisky had eroded all of her brain's rationality center, Messalina took a swig from the flask before shoving it back into the bottom of her trunk and grimaced at the strong earthy taste."You love when we're bad, don't lie to us!" Marlene called from the bathroom, popping her head out from behind the door. Her face was bright red from scrubbing the purple potion off and she had begun the process of putting a second clear potion on to soothe the irritated skin. "Besides, no one made you drink that much last night Lily."Lily had no response to that and she just glared at Marlene as she made her way into the bathroom. Messalina shook her head at both of them, dressing quickly so she could join Lily and Marlene in the bathroom to finish getting ready. They had learned long ago that it was best to let Mary sleep in until they were leaving for breakfast in two minutes, also known as the time it took Mary to get dressed, go to the bathroom, and brush her teeth. Messalina had always considered herself a late sleeper but Mary was in her own league unless it had to do with quidditch practice - then, it seemed the girl was up before the dawn getting ready and mumbling under her breath about what she wanted to accomplish at practice. When the door was firmly closed so as not to disturb Mary again and face her wrath, Messalina took her usual spot on the floor in front of their full length mirror. Lily stepped behind her, already in the process of trying to tame her hair. It sounded incredibly painful and Messalina was glad she'd just left her hair in its braid so she didn't have a mess to work through.Marlene began to regale them with tales from her holiday in France, leaving no detail too personal or scandalous out. Marlene's openness had originally confused Messalina in their first year, who had never been exposed to such unprompted storytelling before. It had taken some getting used to the habits of the children of non-pureblood fanatics, particularly in how they were willing to share pretty much anything and everything.Mary and Marlene were both halfbloods after all and Messalina knew it had certainly taken them awhile to come around to befriending her. Lily, bless her heart, had been ignorant to so many of the stigmas around statuses and families of the wizarding world that she had embraced Messalina from the beginning, likely thinking she was just a shy girl from a rough family. By the end of their first year, though, the four girls had gotten over whatever hangups had kept them from initially getting along and they became friends. Now, sitting on the floor of the Gryffindor girls bathroom, Messalina felt nothing but gratitude towards the Sorting Hat, Lily, and the Prewetts and she couldn't help but smile. She loved the routine of getting ready in the bathroom with her girl friends, half listening to whatever Marlene was on about. She loved having a constant support network. She loved her life."Can I just say that I think Dumbledore is out of his right mind?" Lily said suddenly, interrupting Marlene's story about when she and this French wizard Pierre had gone skinny dipping in Lake Annecy. Lily was working through a particularly large knot in her hair, yanking the brush into it and making the knot even larger. Marlene looked over, exclaiming that Lily was going to rip a whole chunk out of her hair, and hurried over, covering it with hair potion and gently brushing it through. Lily grumbled her thanks, her frustration evident. "How can he make Potter Head Boy? He is one of the most irresponsible people in this school! It might as well be an open season on students his little gang wants to bully.""Better than Black, I suppose," Marlene mused aloud and Lily glared at her. "What? I'm just saying!""I thought for sure it would be Lupin or that Montgomery in Ravenclaw," Messalina added, furrowing her brows and glancing up at Lily."Dumbledore's got a lot on his mind with the war, maybe he thought he picked Lupin," Lily said thoughtfully, nodding to herself. "Yeah, that's gotta be it.""At least you said it seemed like he was trying at the meeting yesterday," Messalina offered, grabbing her tweezers. She should've known furrowing her eyebrows in front of this mirror was a bad idea."I wish he'd been goofing off!" Lily exclaimed. "I could've reported him for not trying and gotten him replaced! It's like he knows how angry he makes me and then finds new ways to do it.""Maybe even Dumbledore wants you two to get together," Marlene added, winking at Lily. "It seems an awful coincidence."Lily groaned, chucking her hairbrush across the room at Marlene who dodged it easily and laughed at the look of disgust on Lily's face. "The day that I say I want to date Potter is the day I expect you take me to St. Mungo's to get my head checked."The girls all chuckled at Lily's statement and before long a peaceful silence fell over them as they finished getting ready. Lily was humming some song Messalina didn't recognize as she pinned the Head Girl badge on her robes and, to Messalina's surprise, moved a portion of her hair to cover most of it. Messalina stood up, prepared to go figure out where her shoes were, when Marlene made her wish she wasn't her roommate for the second time that morning. "You're single now Lina, you going after any boys this year we should know about?""I've sworn off boys for the year," Messalina replied, throwing open the door to the bathroom and letting Marlene wake Mary up again. Marlene was on her tail, stomping across the dormitory as she objected quite vocally."You can't just give up boys, Lina! You'll be setting yourself up for failure! Plus that's not fair to all the boys that want to snog you!""I'm going to be too busy, you know what grades I need to get into the Auror program," she said over her shoulder, digging elbow deep into the trunk to find her shoes. She really should've unpacked the night before because the way the morning was going she was going to need a nice long nap before dinner. "And besides my type has not given me great results in the past."Her type certainly had poor historical results. Arrogant and handsome had described roughly half of the male population in her year and above in the past, and she had tried enough of them to know that she had no interest in pursuing anything with those that were still left at school. She had spent two months when she was fifteen obsessed with sixth year Ravenclaw chaser Benjy Fenwick only for it to end at the Dueling Club, which had been reinstated by their DADA professor that year, when she had sent him through a wall. His ego bruised, he'd broken up with her that night, claiming he wanted to be with someone who understood his needs better. Yeah, sure, his need to be better than her, Messalina thought to herself, rolling her eyes. The previous year had had a rather intense love affair with Caradoc Dearborn, seventh year Gryffindor quidditch captain, who despite his vanity had seemed to truly be interested in her. But, after three months of listening to his grand plans about working at Gringotts when he graduated, she was bored and ended things, much to Fabian and Gideon's displeasure as he worked them even harder at practice by association. So, she was done with guys who couldn't fit their oversized heads through a doorway, no matter how attractive they were."So go for someone outside your type," Lily added from the bathroom doorway, her voice distorted as she brushed her teeth more aggressively than normal. "I've always thought Lupin was cute myself."Messalina felt herself blush and was at once grateful that she had not unpacked the previous night as her head was hidden from her roommates' view. She had also thought Remus Lupin was rather handsome, but there were far too many embarrassing memories involving him for her to ever consider it. Her history of awkward interactions with him started in their first year at the sorting when she had almost passed out on him in fear when Sirius Black was sorted into Gryffindor. It went further in second year, when she decided on a whim to give a boy she did not know or talk to a chocolate bar. He had seemed quite depressed as he worked on his essay by himself in the Common Room, but judging by the panicked look he had on his face when she'd come up to him, she still should not have come over. She was still getting used to the social interactions normal kids her age did as opposed to prim and proper purebloods, and had figured maybe she could make a new friend. But other kids in their year had started 'dating', also known as blushing deeply when the other party looked at them and sending each other notes in the owl post, she worried instantly that she had made a mistake. To keep it clear that she wasn't coming onto him or trying to be weird, she'd spent an hour talking his ear off about the troll wars of the 1500s before finally recovering enough of her dignity to go back to the twins on the other side of the room and subsequently avoided him as much as possible for the rest of the year.Then in fifth year, she had walked straight into him when he was leaving the hospital wing. She had been going quite quickly to make it to library before Severus Snape got it in his mind that he could ask Lily for her study spot because Messalina was already running late and Snape seemed to sense when she wasn't around and would appear out of thin air to talk to Lily. And so, in her rush, she was not paying attention to where she was going and had run into Remus and knocked him to the ground, his bag spilling parchment, ink, and books all over the hallway. Thoroughly embarrassed that was capable of literally sweeping someone off their feet, she helped him collect his things and squeaked out a 'sorry' before walking away as fast she could. The delay meant Snape had taken her spot in the library and she had sulked to the back of the library to avoid the boy's sneers. She had hated Snape for years, but Lily's friendship with him meant she needed to be at least polite most of the time. That civility lasted until the end of fifth year when he'd called Lily a Mudblood and Messalina was finally able to publicly show her disdain.And, the most embarrassing of all, the last Valentine's Day Hogsmeade trip. She knew Peter and Remus had seen Caradoc snogging the life out of her in an alley. It was bad enough that Peter of all people had seen it, but the idea of Remus, who she repeatedly embarrassed herself in front of, seeing it made her stomach hurt. She had seen them walking away from the alley when she'd come up for air and there was certainly no way they had not seen her pressed up against the bricks. She blushed just thinking about it. Then yesterday on the platform, Charlie had grabbed him and asked so many questions about dragons it made her head spin and she had revealed she knew he was in Care of Magical Creatures. He probably thought her some kind of crazed stalker but was too nice to say anything. So yes, she thought Remus Lupin was cute too, but she could barely make eye contact with the boy without having haunting flashbacks"Can you guys shut up?!" Mary yelled from her bed, yanking her curtain back to glare at them. Pleased with the distraction, Messalina put her cool hands on her face in hopes it might make the blush disappear before anyone noticed. The momentary lapse in searching made her realize she couldn't find her shoes in the trunk because they had been under her bed all along."We're leaving for breakfast in five minutes, Mary," Lily declared just as Mary started to tug her curtains closed again. Hurricane Mary leapt out of bed, grabbing her clothes off the chair beside her bed, and raced into the bathroom, slamming the door behind her as the remaining girls laughed."Speaking of boys," Messalina said as she yanked her shoes on, looking back at where Lily was adjusting her hair in the mirror. "Don't you have to take the first years to breakfast with Potter?""I told him to be down there at 7:30 sharp. We'll see if he shows up," Lily grumbled. "I for one doubt it.""Lily, it's 7:29, are you going to show up?" Marlene questioned and had Messalina not heard what Marlene had said, she would have thought someone hexed Lily. The redhead screamed, grabbed her bag from her chair and threw open the door so aggressively it hit the wall and left a dent. She took off down the stairs at least two at a time, most likely muttering madly about how her roommates were terrible influences on her and how she was never drinking again."What time is it actually?" Messalina asked, craning her neck to see their clock. 7:20. "You're evil, she's going to kill you.""I live for the drama, you know this Lina." Marlene winked at her before crossing the room and banging on the bathroom door. "Mary, let's go!"Moments later, the three girls made their way down the staircase, speculating wildly about who their new DADA professor was going to be. Whoever it was had been missing from the feast the night before and it had inspired a great deal of outlandish theories. Mary was convinced it was going to be a werewolf because the moon had looked so big the night before and she either did not hear Messalina say it wasn't even a full moon the night before or was choosing not to listen to her. It was when Messalina said for the third time that a werewolf professor could've been among them that Mary finally seemed to hear it."How do you know when the full moon is? You're not even in Astronomy!""Because September's full moon is harvest moon and it wasn't orange last night, was it?" she asked as they neared the bottom of the staircase and Mary went silent, probably contemplating if there was some other dark creature their professor could be. "So if the professor's a werewolf, he could've shown up.""Nerd!" Mary coughed and Messalina elbowed her in the stomach, quickly moving out of the way when it looked like Mary might retaliate."Why do you even care? You're not even in DADA," Marlene asked Mary, giving her a suspicious look, but Mary just shrugged and said she thought it would've been cool. They walked into the Common Room and Messalina was surprised to see the Marauders were already assembled, Black and Peter looking annoyed. Remus looked paler than he had the night before and his gaze had been fixed on the spot they walked out of but he quickly averted his eyes when they entered. It seemed he couldn't stand to make eye contact with her either. Lily was standing in front of the group of first years, telling them to be sure to ask older Gryffindors or Hufflepuffs (you can tell by what colors are on their robes!) for help if they got lost. Potter was beside her, but he was silent and not fidgeting for once, instead looking rather attentive. It was like seeing a dog decline food - unnatural in Messalina's opinion."Can we just go and meet Lily there?" Marlene asked in a low voice and Messalina guessed it had something to do with the way Black and Peter had perked up when they'd walked in. Marlene could stomach Sirius Black, how Messalina had no idea, but she wasn't a big fan of Peter and he looked about ready to say something to them."Yes, I'm starving," Mary said, yawning widely and grabbing Messalina's hand to keep her from lingering. Had it just been Peter, Messalina might've stayed behind to say more than just a 'good morning' to her Herbology partner of the last several years, but it was far too early to deal with Black. He still hadn't aged out of the habit of spraying the whole table with scrambled eggs when someone said something funny and Messalina couldn't handle her robes being wrinkled and covered in egg. Plus, she had blushed enough today, she didn't need to talk to Remus and do it again."Lily, we'll meet you in the Great Hall."Lily waved her hand absentmindedly as her three roommates made their way out of the Common Room, too worried about filling the first years' minds with as much knowledge as possible to think about something boring like breakfast. Mary let go of Messalina's hand when they were safely in the corridor, but their attempt to avoid an early morning conversation with the Marauders failed as the portrait hole opened again and they heard Peter's wheezy laugh. Mary turned and glared at Messalina (who could do nothing but throw her hands up in surrender) before pausing and waiting for the others to catch up. Apparently she wasn't in the mood to be rude before she'd had her morning tea, which was a surprise to Messalina, who often found Mary was the most disagreeable in the morning."Hello boys," Mary called as the Marauders approached. Peter was practically glued to Sirius' side, still laughing from whatever had been said on the way out of the Common Room, and Remus trailed after them, hands in his pockets and looking deep in thought. How anyone thought Sirius, playboy extraordinaire and notoriously obnoxious, was a better catch than handsome, mild-tempered Remus Lupin, Messalina would never know. And as someone with a terrible track record of being attracted to boys as handsome and cocky as Sirius, Messalina considered herself an expert on the subject. Thank Merlin she'd never been interested in Sirius Black - she would've had to avada herself or throw herself off the astronomy tower."Hello to the loveliest ladies of Gryffindor House," Sirius said as he walked up to them, smiling flirtatiously at Marlene who scowled at him."Just Gryffindor? Way to insult us on the first day of classes, Black," she snapped but Messalina saw her lips turn upwards ever so slightly. Maybe Pierre had some competition, Messalina thought before quickly quashing the idea. She had seen the picture of Marlene and Pierre that she had brought back and Messalina wasn't sure Pierre had competition anywhere, let alone from a boy who didn't know how to chew with his mouth closed despite his upbringing."Have a nice summer, Lina?" Peter asked as the set off for breakfast and she smiled, happy to be away from Mary who was visibly fuming that the boys had joined them, Marlene and Black who were bickering about if Potter should be Head Boy, and Remus who looked like he'd rather be anywhere else than here right now. She'd take the friendly Peter Pettigrew out of any of those choices any time, especially considering the walk to the Great Hall would likely be lengthened as they ran into people they hadn't seen since the last school year.She chatted pleasantly with Peter, regaling him with stories from her week long trip to Spain with Lily and filling him in on details about the twins' Auror training program. He told her about his mother, a pureblood witch, who had become obsessed with the royal family during a trip to London and had insisted on going to see the changing of the guard nearly twenty five times over the course of the summer. Giggling, she turned to ask Remus how his summer was but he still looked deep in thought and she chose not to start the year off by annoying him.By the time they reached the Great Hall, Messalina was grateful that Mary had been in such a pissy mood about the boys joining them as it meant she had gone ahead and secured just enough space for the girls to sit between two clumps of younger Gryffindors. Messalina bid Peter goodbye and hurried over, relieved to be able to stop worrying about embarrassing herself in front of Remus for a half an hour. Lily showed up with Potter and the first years not long after looking harried and plopped down on the bench demanding they kill her if she ever said she could tolerate James Potter. The girls agreed, but Messalina looked further down the table to see said boy looking disheartened as his friends tried to cheer him up. The movement of her head must've caught Remus' eye as she saw him staring at her intently and she turned back to her friends so quickly it was a wonder she didn't get whiplash.The girls spent the majority of their breakfast time comparing time tables (they were all jealous of Mary who was only taking three N.E.W.T. classes and had all of Friday off every week) and Messalina was pleased to learn Lily was in all of five of her classes, Marlene in DADA and Charms, and Mary in Transfiguration. They spent the rest of breakfast debating about who their new DADA professor would be as whoever it was was still noticeably missing from the head table. Mary would not for the life of her give up the idea of a werewolf, Marlene was theorizing that it was some handsome foreign fellow she was destined to fall in love with, Lily guessed a former auror, and Messalina assumed it would be someone like all their previous professors: grossly incompetent and useless. The other girls booed her for her lack of faith in Dumbledore, who had stressed the importance of the class in his address to the Great Hall the previous night, but in the end conceded she was probably right.The girls left Mary at breakfast as they went off to their first DADA lesson of the year, promising to let her know if they suspected anything odd about the professor. Mary, who was going to be in Divination first, said she would be opening her mind to the possibility of uncovering the professor's secrets. With Mary's insistence on debating about the professor gone, the girls changed their conversation to what they hoped to do before they left in the castle in less than a year for the last time.Marlene wanted to be able to secure a job with Madam Malkin by displaying a wardrobe collection based on things at Hogwarts, Lily wanted to be a proper Head Girl and set an example for others, and Messalina was striving for the Es and Os she needed on her N.E.W.T.s to get into the Auror program. They were debating the merits of a proper Head Girl as they entered the classroom, though they fell silent as they noticed the rest of the class was oddly quiet. The girls took their typical seats towards the front of the room, Marlene and Messalina together and Lily sitting beside the bubbly Hufflepuff prefect Jenny Connors. They were just about to ask Jenny how she was doing when the doors to the professor's chambers flew open with a bang, the whole class staring up at the balcony in awe.An ancient looking wizard with a hunched back and a cane stood at the top of the stairs, glaring down at the assembled students through thick, horn-rimmed glasses. His face was grizzled and Messalina guessed he hadn't shaved in several days, though it was hard to tell because it had grown in rather patchy and covered most of his face. He made his way down the stairs gingerly and the whole class silent, whether out of fear he might collapse or in wonderment, Messalina wasn't sure. He made his way to the front of the room, fixing his stern look on Potter and Black who had sat together and were clearly trying hard not to laugh at something. Feeling his gaze on them, the pair shut up and Messalina blinked. She'd never seen anyone but Dumbledore get them to be quiet."I am Alexander Vector, former Auror. This year is not going to anything like your previous years. Professor Dumbledore has asked me to come out of retirement to teach the talentless children of this school the art of Defense. This is not going to be a class for the weak - if you're hoping for an easy course, you had better get out of this room right now and not look back," the professor paused for effect and Messalina couldn't help but frown at being called 'talentless'. She was, after all, the best at DADA in the school, though it wasn't really saying anything because her previous professors had each been a bigger fool than the last. "That being said, this will be the most important class you ever take. It could mean the difference between life and death. There will be no such thing as Houses in this class - you will be paired based on skills from what I could make out of the notes your useless former professors have given me. I've heard of fighting between Houses in the corridors - there will be none of that in this classroom. This is the N.E.W.T. level, act like it and you will be rewarded.""I've heard of this guy," Messalina murmured to Marlene as the professor started shifting around papers on the front table. "Retired because he wasn't bringing any Death Eaters back alive. I guess Dumbledore's trying to send some kind of message that-""Messalina Lucien!" The old man shouted suddenly and Messalina felt her eyes pop out of her head as she turned to the front of the room, expecting to see him glaring at her for talking. Instead, much to her relief, he was still bent over the parchment on his desk, apparently reading off a list. He lifted his head, peering around the room for her and she raised her hand with more confidence than she felt. He looked at her appraisingly before nodding to himself, muttering something under his breath that she couldn't catch. "You Licorous and Yelena's girl?""Technically," she replied slowly, eyebrows furrowing as she tried to figure out what was going on. None of her professors had ever mentioned her family to her face before, not even Slughorn who was certainly the type. Professor Vector just made a noise of acknowledgement before turning towards the parchment in front of him again, still muttering."Gather your things and go stand over there," Vector gestured towards the wall behind him vaguely, and Messalina blinked at him in surprise but did what she was told. It wasn't until she was standing by herself at the front of the room, gazing at the rest of the class that she realized what it meant to be chosen by skills. And Severus Snape was sneering at her from his seat, evidently believing himself to be the second best, which was unfortunately likely considering his obsession with the Dark Arts. She wondered if she would get expelled for strangling another student before deciding it was a risk she was willing to take. "Graham Pucey! Get your stuff together, you're partners."The relief she felt when Snape's name wasn't called was short-lived as she saw Pucey approaching her. His black hair was slicked back in a way that made it look like he didn't care about his appearance but Messalina guessed he was rather like Marlene in the morning - getting up at the crack of dawn to apply half a hundred potions to his face and hair. Graham Pucey was, after all, Sirius Black's main competition in the looks department as far as the female population of Hogwarts was concerned."Hey Lucien," he said quietly as he stood beside her, jerking his head towards the back of Professor Vector. "Think this guy knows what he's doing?""Let's hope so," she replied, already feeling as though her favorite class was going to be ruined by a Slytherin who didn't seem to know how to be quiet. They'd had classes together over the years, even DADA last year, but she wasn't sure they'd ever spoken. She'd liked it that way - she tried to avoid her cousin's House at all costs."Snape! Lupin!" Vector yelled and Messalina felt her eyes grow wide. She was, rather inconveniently, still looking at Pucey, which she noticed only when he had to duck his head, likely laughing at the comical look on her face. Snape and Lupin were coming up from the same aisle and Messalina wondered which of the two was more displeased by the turn of events. Snape was looking murderously at the back of Remus' head, who had at least plastered a neutral expression as he walked to the front of the room."This'll be my most interesting class," Pucey whispered and Messalina couldn't help but nod. Snape might hate her for supposedly stealing Lily from him, but he hated the Marauders with a passion Messalina had rarely seen. Remus might have never actually done anything to him but he also was completely unable to prevent his friends from taunting the boy, which seemed to infuriate Snape even more. Messalina had been at the lake with the Prewetts after she finished her O.W.L.s and had witnessed Snape's humiliation in front of the whole assembled school first by the Marauders who lifted him off the ground, then Lily who stormed off when he called her a mudblood, and then supposedly by Potter again when he used 'scourgify' to clean Snape's mouth out. Messalina had missed the last part and had only heard about it that night from the Prewetts because she had taken off after Lily and the pair spent the rest of the day hiding out by the unused Herbology greenhouses, sitting mostly in silence and soaking up the sun.She was drawn from her reminiscing as Remus stood beside her and 'Black, Higgs' was called. John Higgs, like Snape and Pucey, was in Slytherin, but Messalina had actually spoken to him before. He was dating one of Lily's good prefect friends, Jenny Connors who happened to be a muggleborn. That earned Higgs a spot in Messalina's heart as she was certain his three-year rather serious relationship did not lend itself well to the rest of the pureblood Slytherins. She supposed she should also give Pucey some credit as well as he was practically inseparable from John Higgs. Higgs and Black came up from the same aisle, jockeying for whoever got to walk ahead of the other as the aisle only had room for one to comfortably walk."Think it's a coincidence it's all Gryffindors paired with Slytherins?" Pucey asked quietly as they both watched Higgs shove Black behind him so he could walk first. That further endeared her to John Higgs as Black was forced to follow behind, visibly pouting. Pucey did have a point, she realized she looked around the room. As they were N.E.W.T. students, their Houses were forgotten in scheduling and there were students from all four Houses in the class, though the room was mostly Gryffindors and Slytherins. Jenny Connors was the only Hufflepuff she saw in the room."Doesn't seem like it," she conceded, shrugging at Lily who was giving her an inquisitive look from across the room. At least Pucey was talking to her, she conceded, most Slytherins ignored or mocked her. She was certainly happy she wasn't in Remus' place. She'd consider dropping the class and choosing a new career if she had to be paired with Snape.'Evans, Potter!' was called next and Messalina snorted, covering the noise quickly with a rather extended fake coughing fit. Lily was staring daggers at the professor, who was obliviously continuing down the list and calling for Jenny Connors and a Ravenclaw named Montgomery to be next. Potter already had his things packed, Messalina noted, but he just walked to the front of room instead of theatrically proposing to Lily that the fates had once again selected them to be together. Messalina's eyes slid to Snape next, who was holding his wand so tightly his knuckles turned white. She hoped he snapped it."How long until they get together?" Pucey asked with a smile and Messalina scowled. Not only was this Slytherin rather talkative but he was nosy too. This would be a long year. She chose not to comment, instead glancing at Remus who was staring intently at something on the far wall. She followed his example, knowing all too well if she looked at Lily she might burst out laughing at her misfortune.Sorting the students into pairs took a large chunk out of the class and by the time all the students were assembled behind Professor Vector, Messalina was longing to do something other than just stand and stare at her peers. She got her wish as soon as the last two students (Peter, who was bright red from being outed as the least skilled in the class, and a Ravenclaw boy she remembered vaguely took their place and Vector waved his wand, the tables stacking on top of each other and going to the sides of the classroom. Vector stepped into the newly opened space, appraising the students thoughtfully."You know about dementors, I'm sure. Nasty creatures, untrustworthy and disloyal. You may never come into contact with one, but I want to test your abilities beyond what your previous professors have been able to. We will be practicing the incredibly complicated Patronus Charm today, which repels dementors and could very well save your life one day," Vector announced, his eyes meeting each student's in turn as he spoke. They were all listening raptly, interested in learning something other than the inside of their textbook as their previous professor had believed in. "We will first practice the incantation and the tricks to the spell, then at the end of the lesson, we will test who is able to actually conjure a corporeal Patronus. I want to know what I'm dealing with here. Spread out!"The students did as they were told, standing with their partners in the open classroom space and looking expectantly at the professor. Remus, Messalina noticed, was standing far closer to her and Pucey than he was to Snape, who was glaring at the back of Potter's head from across the room. Vector walked them through the incantation, making them all repeat after him and practice the wand work until Messalina thought they were going to waste the whole class away and they would never be able to test them out. Just when she was starting to think about how she ought to have eaten a larger breakfast because she was getting hungry and she still had Herbology before lunch, Vector said he was satisfied with what he had seen, or was growing just as bored from the lesson as Messalina was. He ordered them to start focusing on their happiest memories, telling them to try the charm when they were confident they had selected the strongest memory they had.For Messalina the memory came to her faster than she would've expected. There had only been one time in her life she had been speechless and only one time she thought her heart was going to explode from joy and prid: when she'd been named Charlie's godmother in her second year. Prior to that moment she had felt like a burden on the Prewetts no matter how many times they tried to dissuade her of that fear and she often likened her arrival in their life as if the twins had brought a stray dog home and refused to let it be sent to the pound. But as they gathered around the Prewett family's Christmas tree that morning, Molly had declared they couldn't imagine their lives without her and that they knew just the way to finally make her believe she was as much a part of the family as she truly was. And would Messalina do them the honor of being two week old Charlie's godmother?She had thought it a joke and looked around the faces of everyone else in the room but they were all smiling knowingly, looking at her with such love and acceptance that she had promptly burst into tears. Someone had navigated Charlie into her arms and taken a photo, which hung above her bed to this day. Her in a bright pink pair of pajamas crying hard and Charlie (who resembled a raisin) in a blue blanket also crying. Concentrating as hard as she could on that first ever feeling of true family, Messalina said the incantation and waved her wand just as Vector had shown her. To her (and the rest of the class') utter amazement, a creature burst from the end of her wand.She focused hard on it as it ran around the room. It looked rather like a weasel, but was furrier and stouter. Messalina squinted but still couldn't figure out what it was as it dashed around her peers' heads. They had all gone silent as they stared at whatever her Patronus was, which aided her concentration. Well, until Marlene sneezed loudly from behind her and the creature faded away to nothing. It had only been a few moments but it seemed an eternity and she stared at where it had disappeared."A mongoose, very well done Miss Lucien. That's it for the lesson, keep practicing everyone and see if you have any talent yourselves," Vector announced as silence fell upon the class. Everyone was looking at Messalina as they picked up their things and as she made to approach Lily, she felt a bony hand on her shoulder holding her back. Messalina turned, half expecting to see Snape hex the life out of her for no particular reason, but instead saw Vector peering at her from under a set of rather bushy eyebrows. "Stay behind a moment."She lingered awkwardly as the rest of the class filed out, Lily and Marlene giving her curious glances as they walked by. Messalina was certain they would be waiting in the hallway for her to fill them in when class got out, or at least Lily would be as they had Herbology together next. Once all the students were gone and the door was shut firmly, Vector staggered over to one of the desks on the side of the room and sat down heavily, gesturing for Messalina to do the same. He looked her over as she sat down, his brows furrowed and a frown on his face."You looked disappointed in your Patronus' form, Miss Lucien," he said after a moment and she nodded. She was rather unimpressed by her Patronus - she'd heard of lions, tigers, and bears and had expected her own to be as equally impressive. Not a slinky little mongoose that scuffled through the air rather than galloped or instilled respect or fear. Vector scooted his chair closer to hers, examining her face closely from behind his glasses. "Do you know the story of the mongoose, Miss Lucien?""No, sir, I don't.""During my years as an Auror, I worked often with my counterparts in India as we worked to track a rogue British Auror who was believed to be hiding out there. While I was there, I learned the story of the Brahmin and the mongoose. Now, a woman found a mongoose and treated it just like her son, bathing him and feeding him. But, she didn't trust him because she thought he might hurt her real boy. One day, she went out and told her husband to watch the baby and make sure the mongoose didn't hurt it. The husband left his son and the mongoose behind to go find himself food. Miss Lucien, do you know what the mongoose's natural enemy is?""No, sir.""The snake. While it was just the mongoose at home with the baby, a snake entered and went to kill the baby but the mongoose loved the boy. He killed the snake to protect the boy he considered to be his brother. He ran off to show the woman what had happened, believing himself worthy of her trust and wanting her to be proud of him. The woman, seeing the mongoose covered in blood, thought he had killed her son and killed the mongoose. She made her way home where she realized what she had done and grieved for the mongoose that had been so worthy and useful," he concluded, gazing out over the grounds. Messalina was on the edge of her seat listening to the grizzled old man speak and she blinked when he concluded the story. "And so, Miss Lucien, now that you know the mongoose, are you ashamed to have him represent you?""No, sir.""You wish to be an Auror, do you not?""How did you-""A word of advice: don't expect that society will welcome you back when you kill Death Eaters to protect them, Miss Lucien. Be very careful of the fate you choose. You may go." He dismissed her abruptly with a wave of his hand, still looking over the Hogwarts grounds thoughtfully."Thank you, sir," she replied, heaving her bag back onto her shoulder and heading towards the door. She opened it to see Lily was, as expected, waiting for her as were Peter and Remus, the only other Gryffindors still in Herbology. As she approached them, she couldn't help but agree with what Graham Pucey had said earlier: this might be her most interesting class yet.

A gigantic thanks to mmauney12, Kongfangxiong00, and HisLordFluffiness for reviewing the last chapter - this chapter is dedicated to your kind words. Also a big thanks to everyone who has followed and/or favorited, I love you guys. I'm hoping to have the next chapter up next weekend - let me know what you're thinking so far and I might be able to publish it sooner! Previous on Above All Others: Our favorite band of seventh years is back at Hogwarts. Messalina is singled out by her new DADA professor due to her desire to be an Auror and is paired with Slytherin Graham Pucey.If there was one thing Messalina learned from September to the middle of October of that year, it was that their new DADA professor chose blatant favorites. Namely, herself and Graham Pucey, who she had been surprised to learn was also trying to be an Auror when he graduated. Professor Vector had heard about it from whatever source had told him Messalina was pursuing the same position and decided the best way to prepare two naive seventh years for the outside world was to have them come to the DADA classroom every Friday night after dinner. They would spend hours dueling under Vector's watchful eye, more than prepared to hear him scream that their wandwork was sloppy or that nonverbal spells had a higher chance of catching your opponent off guard. He had recently taken to standing on the balcony to his office, leaning heavily on the railing and launching old textbooks at them from behind when he thought they were growing lazy.Then, sometime around midnight (which seemed awfully late for an ancient wizard who looked like he needed all the beauty sleep in the world) he would call them up to his office to give a rather thorough analysis of the few things they were doing right and everything they were doing wrong. The night always ended with a stern reminder that the spells they used in these duels would not be appropriate to use against a Death Eater ("if I get word you're trying to stupefy a Death Eater, Pucey, I'll come collect whatever body parts of yours are left") but that it was good practice to learn how to fight and that when they were actually Aurors, they could use the appropriate spells.Another thing Messalina learned during that time was that while Graham Pucey was a rather talkative and nosy Slytherin, he was also becoming a friend. There were only so many times you could attempt to maim someone on your professor's orders before you became friends with them after all.It also helped that although Pucey was a Slytherin who was incredibly proud of his lineage, it wasn't because they were pureblood fanatics. Apparently, him and John Higgs were cousins (hence why the pair appeared inseparable) and they were not overly harassed by their Housemates because between the pair of them, they had three of the twelve Hogwarts governors in the family. It certainly didn't hurt that Pucey's father was the Head of the International Magical Office of Law and Higgs' mother was Senior Advisor the Minister of Magic.The Higgs and Pucey influence would keep them safe from persecution from other students about John Higgs dating a muggleborn Hufflepuff, but Pucey knew the moment they graduated, they would all have a target on their backs and so he wanted to be an Auror to end the war as soon as possible. Messalina gleaned this information from him over the course of a month, each tidbit making her respect the boy even more. She sensed there was something additional behind his reasoning for wanting to be an Auror, but she didn't push. She certainly hadn't told him her secrets.It was after a more intense session than most (Messalina had been thrown across the classroom more than she would've liked to admit as Pucey practiced nonverbals) that Messalina staggered through the castle at nearly one in the morning with a black eye and a split lip. She was certain her body was covered in darkening bruises and each step on the journey to the Common Room was excruciatingly painful. Vector had given her arnica root gel to put on her bruises so they would fade sooner than they would on their own, which she had applied to her face gingerly in his office, and told her to go to the Hospital Wing if she was in too much pain. But, he had also told her a few weeks earlier that they should strive to increase their pain tolerance for the years ahead and she balked at the idea of the Hospital Wing, even as she contemplated whether or not she was bleeding internally. Pucey had offered to walk her back to her Common Room, clearly guilty about his role in her current physical state, but she had refused, telling him he ought to get some rest. The Gryffindor-Hufflepuff quidditch match (the first of the year) was in the morning and he gave up rather easily, likely thinking about how early he had to get up to get a good seat.And so, Messalina limped into the Common Room at half past one in the morning, fully expecting the room to be completely empty as everyone rested up for the big day ahead of them. She was so certain that this was the case that she didn't even look around the room when she walked in (forgetting that Vector had hit her in the back of the head with a sizable book only two hours earlier, citing how important it was to PAY ATTENTION). Upon realizing she had to make it up to the top of the tower to get into bed, she groaned aloud and closed her eyes.The hesitation in her step gave her muscles the opportunity to seize and she collapsed onto the couch in front of the fireplace, knowing there was no chance she would make it up to the top of the tower at this rate. She was destined to sleep on this couch for the rest of her life. She wondered if Lily would levitate her to the match so she could watch. Or maybe she could harass a first year to go grab her a plate at breakfast. A nice muffin would really hit the spot right-"Are you okay?" a voice far closer to her than she would've expected possible asked and she nearly jumped out of her skin as she opened her eyes, whipping her head to the side so fast it took a second for the pain to register. Remus Lupin, who had been peacefully reading some book in front of the fire before she had rudely interrupted, was staring at her from the other side of the couch, eyes wide with concern. His gaze lingered on her blackened eye and split lip, and by the way he was looking at her she guessed she had an additional bruise forming on her cheekbone. It didn't help that her entire body was burning with a blush that likely caused her to look like an overly ripened tomato. Why did she always have to embarrass herself in front of this boy?"Yeah, sorry for coming in here like I was on the brink of death," she replied, leaning her head against the back of the couch in hope that it might help ease her neck pain and allow her avoid that thoughtful, concerned look in Remus' pretty green eyes. No, she told herself sternly, not pretty. Just such a nice green. Had he not been there, already thinking she was crazy, she would've groaned aloud."Is Vector still having you and Pucey come by every week?" he asked, reminding Messalina of another thing she had learned since September. Vector overly favored her and Pucey and he was certainly not shy about expressing his feelings about the state of the rest of the class. He'd gone so far as to say Black had been using the wrong grip on his wand for 'Stupefy' the previous week, much to her amusement and his horror. It had become a rarity not to see someone on the brink of tears in the hallway outside the DADA classroom and Lily had apparently caught a first year openly sobbing in an alcove across from the room a week before.And so, when Vector had told her and Pucey they needed to come to his office every Friday for additional training, Messalina had tried to keep it a secret. She really had. But, when you're leaving dinner with your friends and head off in the direction of a classroom you have no business going to on a Friday night and stay gone until hours after curfew, people become suspicious. Especially when you've sworn to never get a detention and don't seem worried about getting one for being out after hours. Plus Marlene lived and breathed to gossip so as she soon as she found it out, it was as if the whole school knew. Messalina wondered savagely what Snape thought about a pair of blood traitors receiving extra lessons in his favorite subject."Yeah, I think he's a sadist.""It certainly looks like it. Is it helping, though, do you think?"Messalina lifted her head to look at him, knowing there was a confused look on her face but having no energy to attempt to hide it. No one had ever asked if they thought the lessons were helping, they usually focused on her company. Mary was still determined to believe Vector was a werewolf, Marlene had a vested interest in figuring out if Pucey ever had to take his shirt off for any reason, and Lily wanted to know if Vector was physically or mentally abusing her. No one had ever asked if they thought the extra lessons were helping and as a result, she had never really thought about it.Her confidence was increasing, she mused, even if her ego had taken a huge hit in the beginning as Vector declared them woefully weak in a variety of areas. But, after nearly a month and a half, he seemed to be growing more pleased with them each week. She told Remus as much before stretching her arms out in front of her and pulling her right sleeve up with a wince. The skin had been aching and so she shouldn't have been surprised to see a massive bruise on her forearm, staining her skin an ugly yellow color. Just as she moved to pull the sleeve back down before she traumatized Lupin further, he reached out and grabbed her wrist gently."I can fix that," he said quietly, staring at the bruise as Messalina prayed to any entity listening that Remus couldn't feel how fast her heart was beating. They'd never been so close or alone, and Messalina was aware the stubbornness that had kept her from the Hospital Wing had disappeared the second he spoke. She nodded wordlessly, certain her voice would betray her, and he pressed his wand lightly onto her skin, whispering something under his breath. The feeling was instantaneous - the dull throb was replaced by a pleasant, warm feeling and she let out a sigh at the relief. He did the same thing for her face and she nearly moaned as her face went from hurting like she'd been run over by a carriage to feeling somewhat normal, if warm."Thank you," she murmured as she sank back into the couch, relishing the relief and trying to avoid any facial expression that might indicate those weren't her only bruises. The largest one was squarely on her hip from falling onto a desk and there was certainly no way she was going to pull her pants down at one thirty in the morning in an empty Common Room to a boy that she had just caught herself thinking had pretty eyes. She had been humiliated enough tonight, thank you very much. "How do you know how to do that? Out here giving Madame Pompfrey a run for her money.""Peter's pretty clumsy, you pick some stuff up after a hundred trips to the Hospital Wing." They both laughed at that, likely thinking about when Peter had fallen down a staircase the previous day on their walk to Transfiguration in front of a pack of Hufflepuff fifth years, nearly bowling one of them to the ground as he went."What are you still doing up? I thought the whole tower would be asleep for tomorrow," Messalina asked when silence fell over them both. When she had come into the Common Room she had wanted nothing more than to race up the steps to her dorm and throw herself onto her bed to nurse her wounds, but now she found herself completely unable and unmotivated to move. She wondered fleetingly if Remus' spell had an unexpected side effect and she had become paralyzed. When he didn't answer immediately, she felt panic kick in. "I'm sorry, that was personal-""No, it's okay. James can be a lot to be around before a match, sometimes it's better to just get out of the dorm until he falls asleep.""Yeah I could see that.""At least Lily seems used to him as Head Boy now.""I think it took us all a lot of getting used to," Messalina reasoned, the corner of her mouth turning upwards as Remus nodded his head emphatically. "We all thought it would be you, Potter's not exactly an equivalent.""My parents were disappointed," Remus confessed, the tips of his ears turning pink and he avoided her eyes. "Well, my dad was anyways.""Lily was too, you know. She always said you and Jenny Connors were the only ones she could bear being on rounds with.""She's a good person, Lily Evans.""Yeah she is." The pair sat in a companionable silence, looking thoughtfully into the fire until Messalina felt her eyelids drooping and her muscles relaxing. The adrenaline had left her system and if she had to guess, she had a maximum of ten minutes before she was out like a light. She told this to Remus, ignoring the part of her that very much would've liked to see if his jumper was as soft as it looked, and stood up to go."Goodnight Messalina," Remus said quietly as she turned to walk away. There was something in his tone that she couldn't quite decipher and as she laid in bed later, she wondered if it was a certain level of sadness that made her linger."You know you're the only one in this whole school that calls me that," she blurted out, immediately mentally berating herself for being so awkward. No wonder the boy could barely look at her. Resisting the urge to clap her hand over her mouth, she tried to gauge his reaction. It was difficult because she had made it behind the couch before deciding that urgently needed to be said and he was still facing the fire, leaving her gnawing on her bottom lip and studying his profile. "It's Lina to my friends, I don't know the last time someone used my full name."'"I guess I didn't realize we were friends.""I want to be. I mean, if you want to be of course.""I'd like that," he said after a few seconds of silence that made Messalina wish she wasn't cursed with an inability to think before speaking. "Goodnight Lina."As she laid in bed, listening to the storm raging outside and wondering why she had asked Remus Lupin of all people to formally be her friend, Messalina wondered if she had imagined the hesitation on his face when he'd answered. There was no reason for it unless he didn't like her, but he was always pleasant to her when they had spoken so he had to be a very talented actor if he was hiding his true emotions. She pondered the look on his face for a few moments curiously. When her eyes closed of their own accord she didn't fight it and she was asleep before she could theorize anymore.When she woke in the morning to Mary screaming about how she couldn't find her quidditch robes and Lily pointing out that they were in her hand, Messalina had completely forgotten about the look of doubt that flashed on Remus' face the night before. Instead, she was considering how much time in Azkaban she would get if she killed Mary for interrupting a perfectly good dream she was having about being on a white sand beach with the handsome Scottish keeper from Puddlemere United. She thought the Wizengamot might let her off with a warning, all things considered. Lily pulled back her curtains just as Messalina was debating skipping the match to have a bit of a lie in and not feel like she was on the brink of falling asleep for the whole day. The thought immediately left her mind though as she knew from the look on Lily's face that there would be no going back to sleep."I'm glad to see Pucey didn't disfigure you too much last night.""Good morning to you too, Lily," she grumbled, narrowing her eyes at her roommate as the sun assaulted her senses."Get up! It's quidditch day!" Marlene called from over Lily's shoulder and Messalina was unsurprised to see Marlene was already ready. Her dark hair had been pulled back into two French braids with scarlet and gold ribbons securing them and gold glitter tastefully applied to her cheeks and neck. She looked the picture of school spirit."I'm sleeping." Messalina rolled over onto her stomach, deciding to do her best Mary impression and refuse to wake up until the last minute. Her body ached from the previous night and she was grateful Remus had healed most of her bruising because she was fairly certain she wouldn't have been able to get out of bed otherwise."You need to get up!" Marlene announced, tickling the bottom of Messalina's feet that stuck out of from the covers and laughing wildly as the girl tried to pull her feet to safety. Groaning, Messalina did as she was ordered when she realized there would be no peace until she did what they wanted. So that they wouldn't confuse her compliance with agreement with their tactics, she gave Marlene a dirty look as she trudged into the bathroom and slammed the door.Fifteen minutes later she was walking to breakfast with her roommates, having ignored Marlene's insistence that she also smear glitter all over her face and neck as well. Despite Remus healing most of the visible bruises, it was still clear she had been in some kind of fight the previous night and somehow she didn't think gold glitter would pair well with dark circles and bloodshot eyes. Lily had given in to Marlene's request and looked like a true Gryffindor with her freckles mixed with gold glitter."I think I'm going to throw up," Mary repeated for what felt like the hundredth time since they had left the tower. It had been her constant gameday mantra since she had joined the team in their second year and had actually thrown up on the walk to the pitch before her first game. Since then, she had complained of intense nausea before each game no matter how many times she was reminded that the whole dorm had caught a nasty case of the stomach flu and they had all spent a few days throwing up in the Hospital Wing afterwards. "Oh Merlin, I'm definitely going to throw up.""Mary, you're going to be fine!" Lily assured her, rubbing a hand on Mary's back soothingly. Lily had always been the best at getting the others to relax, going into full Mother Hen mode anytime her friends were upset. In comparison, Messalina couldn't help but feel the rest of them were inadequate friends to Lily. Had it been Messalina's closest childhood friend (hypothetically, of course, as Antonin was her only childhood companion) that had called her such a vile name in front of so many people in fifth year, Lily would have leapt into action and known exactly what to do. But Messalina was no Lily and her only response was to chase after Lily and sit in relative silence for an entire afternoon, not knowing what to say."How dare your brothers have graduated and left me in this position," Mary moaned, whirling to face Messalina accusatorially. "No Prewetts, no Dearborn, no Wood. We're screwed.""Macdonald, you're breaking my heart," a voice called cheekily and the girls spun around to see the Marauders a few paces behind them. Potter ahead of the rest of them moving quickly in his scarlet and gold quidditch robes, looking a bit tired but otherwise himself as he grinned at Mary. "It doesn't matter who is on the team when we've got the best captain in the world leading us.""Don't be a suck up, Potter, it's not going to get you anywhere," Mary mumbled. Messalina noticed she had perked up a bit though and bit her lip to keep herself from smiling at Potter as he threw an arm around Mary's shoulders. He led her through the doors to the Great Hall, giving her what sounded like a rousing pep talk. Lily stared after the pair with her mouth open and eyebrows furrowed, only moving when the rest of the Marauders reached them and Sirius Black gave Messalina a once over."What the hell happened to you, Lucien?""Education," she grumbled self-consciously as she felt their eyes on her. Remus had been unable to heal her split lip and her black eye had only been partially healed, leaving her looking like she had been the victim of an attack a week ago instead of 12 hours. Her muscles still ached and she had blanched at the idea of wearing anything form fitting so she had just thrown on one of Gideon's jumpers Molly had knitted him for Christmas. While it fit Gideon quite nicely, it hung off her figure and the dark maroon made her skin look even paler and brought out the lovely red in her bloodshot eyes as well as the blush that was making its way up her neck as they stared. Mumbling something about wanting to see if Mary had thrown up, she skirted past Lily and made her way to the table.Mary was sitting across from James Potter and he had evidently cheered her up enough to nibble on a piece of bacon, a small smile on her face as he recounted some outlandish story of when his father had challenged him to a broom race over the summer. Messalina sat beside Mary as Potter reached the conclusion of his story, which involved a great deal of explosions and cheering. Messalina helped herself to some tea in hopes it might lessen the pounding headache and exhausted feeling that had settled over her. Mary turned as their friends approached and Messalina looked to see James Potter with a smile, satisfied smile on his face as Mary waved their friends over. Messalina caught Potter's eye and she gave him a grateful smile, flicking her eyes over to Mary who certainly seemed much more relaxed. He winked at her in response and she couldn't help but wonder if he had grown up a bit over the summer."What a subtle getaway," Black commented as he sat beside Potter and Messalina resisted the urge to kick him under the table. She had gone six years without a detention marring her impeccable character so that when McGonagall filled out her 'Head of House Evaluation' for the Auror program, good old Minnie wouldn't have anything negative to write about her. And something told her that new Head Boy Potter might be willing to ruin her reputation if she wrecked havoc on his best friend's crown jewels."Be careful of Lina, she's in a mood this morning," Marlene added as she plopped down on Potter's other side and helped herself to a blueberry muffin the size of her head."I'm not in a mood.""It's quidditch day - I'm the only one allowed to feel crummy!""Says who?" Messalina asked Mary, urging the corners of her lips not to curl upwards as they wished."Says girl code.""Why are you invoking girl code?" Lily asked as she approached, looking rather less upset that they were eating breakfast with the Mauraders than Messalina had anticipated. But maybe it shouldn't have been such a surprise as Lily's rampant complaining about the boy had finally died down a few weeks earlier. She'd cited that civility was required based on how much time they were spending together, but Messalina knew that not to be the case as Lily had hexed the Ravenclaw prefect Montgomery just a few days before for repeating asking her out during rounds. Apparently he hadn't seen the many times Potter had used the tactic and failed. Manners couldn't keep Lily from doing what she wanted, that was for sure. Hiding a smile behind her mug of tea at the idea of Lily secretly deciding Potter wasn't all that bad, Messalina watched as Lily sat beside Mary.Now, the issue with the Hogwarts Great Hall tables is that they continue on and on endlessly so once you've committed to a side, you have to sit on that side or face the awkwardness of retracing your steps to sit elsewhere. And because the two groups of seventh years usually sat apart in groups of four, there was no established sitting arrangement for them all sitting together. So, with three sitting on one side and three on the other, it put Remus and Peter in the position where they had to sit one on each side lest one side have more people. Peter had gone on to the side with Marlene, likely hoping to sit beside her, which meant Remus was approaching the side Messalina sat on. He had two options: sit beside Messalina or Lily. Telling herself to remain calm, Messalina felt the exact opposite as he neared.Had it been any other morning, she would not have minded Remus sitting beside her. But now as she sat in her adopted brother's oversized jumper on the verge of falling asleep, the last thing she wanted was a handsome seventh year she had asked to be her friend on a complete whim the night before to sit beside her. She prayed to any entity listening that Remus might choose to sit with Lily, though her plea went unheard as Remus smiled sweetly at her at sat beside her."Good morning, friend.""Hello Remus." She couldn't help the grin that erupted on her face but she could hide it with a large gulp of tea that she hoped might burn the butterflies that had erupted in her stomach so they might cease their fluttering."I'm sorry my spell didn't work as well as I'd hoped," he said, his eyes flicking to her bottom lip which was throbbing lightly and Messalina prayed it wouldn't start bleeding as it had when she brushed her teeth. Something told her even kind, sweet Remus might not be able to look at her the same way if she started bleeding all over the place at breakfast."I would be black and blue today if you hadn't been in the Common Room last night." She demonstrated by pulling the sleeve of her jumper up and showing him the large bruise was completely healed. "See, a miracle.""So what's it like, Lucien?""What's what like, Black?" Messalina asked slowly, turning her attention from the boy beside her to the rest of the group. Everyone else had gone quiet despite Marlene and Lily putting up the appearance of of examining the cuff of Marlene's sweater which was coming undone despite it arriving from Madame Malkin's only a week before. Marlene had been threatening to cut ties with the shop for most of the week, but Messalina knew she had just placed an order for new aquamarine dress robes the afternoon before."Being able to fight an arsehole Slytherin without any consequences.""If you're talking about Graham Pucey, arsehole is the furthest word I'd use to describe him," she replied coolly, staring across the table as the smug smile on Sirius Black's face faltered ever so slightly."Want to become Mrs. Pucey? I thought we were done being players in the pureblood game.""I want you shut up about things you don't know anything about," she countered, leaning forward and narrowing her eyes at the boy. And she was reminded of exactly why her group of girls had never become friends with the boys in their year. First and foremost, Lily had hated James Potter with a passion since the first time they had met and had spent much of the last six years vehemently denying his attempts to court her.But underneath that lie Messalina and Sirius' relationship. They had always been able to stand each other for relatively short periods of time, but it never lasted and when their patience broke it was best to separate them immediately. One might have thought two kids from pureblood families might bond over a shared traumatic childhood and embrace their similarities. But Sirius had always been cavalier about their families, joking about his parents and younger brother often, whereas Messalina found herself far more outwardly bitter about her childhood. Sirius downplaying her anger had never sat well with her. The pair clashed more and more often when they were younger until they effectively began ignoring one another as much as possible."Well, I think Pucey's a great guy," Lily added after a few tense seconds passed with the pair glaring at one another, Messalina's grip on her fork turning her knuckles white."Must be a decent enough fellow if Lucien can stand to spend so much time with him," Potter commented offhandedly and it felt as though the whole table let out a collective breath. Lily stared at Potter in surprise, her eyebrows raising so high they were almost hidden by her hair. Black turned his attention back to his toast and Peter began chattering about how excited he was that the quidditch season was starting and they had something other that coursework to look forward to. Messalina stabbed at the sausage on her plate angrily, wondering how she could make sure the girls sat separately from the boys at the game. She had been in a foul mood when she woke up and she would run out of her remaining energy if she had to butt heads with Black all day.Mary and Potter left not long after for their official pre-game pep talk with the rest of the team. Judging by the determined look on Mary's face she had forgotten her nausea and had firmly landed in what Messalina called 'the captain zone'. She had experienced it firsthand for years with Archie Wood yelling at Fabian and Gideon for goofing off the mornings of their matches (Archie was a firm believer in envisioning victory to make it a reality and fooling around was a surefire way to lose that vision and the match). She had the most memories with the mentality when she dated quidditch captain Caradoc Dearborn the year before. Rarely did a week go by without him lecturing Potter on the importance of being able to show up to practice. He had finally reached his last straw a few weeks before the last match of the year when he got into a rather heated screaming fit with Potter about not getting any more detentions in the middle of the Common Room. It ended with McGonagall coming to see what the fuss was about and then threatening Potter with kicking him off the team if he couldn't get his detentions under control. Messalina shivered at the idea of how the captainship would impact Mary. There was a constant level of anger under Mary's skin that threatened to bubble up at any time and the increased stress of having a quidditch team that had won the last two Cups in a row was likely to drive Mary into the madhouse.The rest of the seventh years left breakfast shortly after, Messalina plotting about what they could arrange to have happen to Black before they made it to the pitch so she could still sit with Remus but not him. Her best ideas involved hexing him so badly he needed to spend the day in the Hospital Wing and telling one of the members of his fan club that he had a crush on her just to see what would happen. Both options seemed likely to land her into detention and she was resolutely determined not to allow Sirius Black to derail her career."Don't let Sirius ruin your day," Remus said quietly just as she was thinking just that and she offered him a wry smile. "He's obtuse on the best of days.""And on the worst?""A right son of a bitch." Remus deadpanned and Messalina let out a giggle before wondering when on earth she had last made that sound. She hoped it didn't become a regularly occurring thing because the tips of her ears were turning quite red and she was glad she'd let her hair fall where it may as it kept anyone from noticing."You're very wise, Remus. I don't understand how you and Peter-""Oi Lina, think if we win this game Mary will dedicate the team's victory to you?" Marlene interrupted, turning to look over her shoulder and winking as Messalina gaped at her. See, there was one event that the rest of the seventh year girls knew not to talk about with Messalina. And that was why her and Caradoc Dearborn had actually broken up. She liked to say it was because she found his constant desire to talk about his glittering gold future at Gringotts boring. But she also endured three months of it and there isn't exactly a final straw when something has been happening with the same intensity for the whole period.No, but what really broke her back the year before with him was when Gryffindor won their second match of the year. In front of the entire school, he rode his broom over to the Gryffindor cheering section and announced with all the bravery of Godric himself that their victory came because of her 'special relaxation remedies'. She remembered standing in the crowd, praying the ground would open up and swallow her whole as the rest of the stands laughed. There wasn't much of a victory party that night as far she could remember but she'd also broken up with him the moment he stepped out the locker room and spent the rest of the day contemplating how to get the whole school to forget what had happened."I sure hope not. She should at least wait until the season's over so she doesn't jinx them," she replied, sticking her tongue out at Marlene and making a mental note to add 'Mentioned Dearborn telling the whole school we had sex' to the list of reasons why it would be justified to kill Marlene. She hoped to present it as evidence to the Wizengamot at her trial.Thankfully, Marlene's retort was lost into the void as they reached a mass of other Gryffindor students trying to get into the stands. By the time they made their way up the cheering section, it seemed Marlene had forgotten about her joke as they jostled their way to their seats. Messalina found her wish to be separated from Sirius Black had been granted, but whoever had granted that wish had taken Remus from her side as payment. She ended up between Peter and Lily, who had knew enough about the Dearborn situation to know better than to let Messalina and Marlene spend hours sitting next to each other."Lina?" Peter Pettigrew's voice pulled her from her thoughts and she shifted to look at him rather than gazing out at the pitch and faintly wondering what Fabian and Gideon were up to. "Do you think you could help me with the nonverbals for DADA? I'll get a T at the rate I'm going.""Yeah of course," she replied, trying to subdue a groan at the thought of how much homework she had. She'd meant to start her Transfiguration essay the night before but Vector had kept them later than usual and by the time she'd gotten back to the Common Room she was in no shape to do anything but talk to Remus and go to sleep apparently. Even if there was a victory party tonight she'd have to excuse herself to the dorm to try to get at least one essay done. The extra attention on DADA had her de-prioritizing her other classes and with the N.E.W.T. coursework she felt she might drown.The Gryffindor team emerged to loud shouts and cheers from the Gryffindor and Ravenclaw stands and Messalina noted that Mary might have been right to be concerned about the talent on the team. She and Potter were the only ones older than sixth year and they towered above the rest of the assembled. Angelica Cole had been seeker since her second year and even now in her fourth year she looked as fragile and small as a bird. But the girl was immensely talented and Mary had hypothesized she would probably take the captainship the next year and play professionally after graduation. The third chaser was Eric Vosper, a fifth year new to the team with the worst acne Messalina had ever seen and according to Mary's complaints from practice, he acted as though the quaffle was going to explode if he held it for longer than ten seconds. The keeper that had replaced Archie Wood last year, Max Hooper, looked as though he was going to be sick. Messalina didn't know either of the two beaters as they were new to the team but she thought they were in third year as she remembered the twins laughing about a pair of second years turning up to try outs the year before.The Hufflepuff team on the other hand looked like a well polished team. Half their players were seventh years, the rest a mix of fifth and sixth years and they had all been on the team at least three years. Messalina couldn't help but wonder if she was going to need to venture to her and the twins' favorite room in the castle to get Mary some firewhisky to drown her sorrows. She hadn't been to the seventh floor to see the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching the trolls ballet all year and while it certainly wouldn't be as much fun venturing there by herself, it would be worth it to keep Mary from quitting the team in a huff."Big Hogsmeade plans next weekend?""The twins got the day off of training so I'm meeting them at the Three Broomsticks," she replied, smiling fondly at Peter. She'd miss him when they graduated and went their separate ways. "You ask anyone to go with you this time?""No, not this time," Peter managed to say, his face turning a bright pink and he turned to stare resolutely out at the pitch. Messalina felt a surge of guilt for asking and she scrambled to find something else to say. She had forgotten Peter's crush on Amelia Bones, who they had run into snogging Black the week before on their way back from the Herbology greenhouses, and had probably just reminded the poor guy of it. Black had been involved with enough girls for the whole of the Marauders, which was arguably a good thing because none of the others had ever dated anyone as far as Messalina could remember. Potter's reasoning was simple enough - he wanted Lily Evans and no other girl could even appear as a blip on his radar. He'd gone to Hogsmeade with a few girls but they always seemed to come back dour and he never took the same one twice. Peter, sweet as he was, did not have the looks or talents or charms of his friends and try as the lad might, none of the girls he'd had a crush on appeared to reciprocate his feelings. He'd taken a cute Hufflepuff in the year below them to Hogsmeade the year before but apparently it hadn't gone very well as she was preoccupied with getting her friend a date with Black.And then there was Remus Lupin. Not as handsome as Black or Potter, but he certainly had an aura and a charisma that was very different than theirs. The definition of the kind of boy your mother dreamed you'd bring home, with his never ending collection of soft looking cardigans and jumpers and mild-mannered attitude. Clever and intelligent, but in a more understated way that you couldn't help but respect when compared to who his friends were. It was a rarity in the school to be so humble - the Hufflepuffs were probably upset they didn't get to claim him as their own. And despite this, Messalina couldn't think of a single time he had been in any sort of a relationship with a girl, though plenty seemed to try. The year before she remembered a very pretty Ravenclaw in the year below them had worked up the nerve to ask him to Hogsmeade for Valentine's Day and Remus had turned her politely down, looking rather uncomfortable. He, Lily, Messalina, and Peter had been working diligently together in the library on a rather lengthy Herbology project they had been assigned when she had approached and asked if she could have a word with him. Messalina remembered straining her ears to try to hear what they were saying and had gotten the gist of it when Remus returned as red as a tomato, cleared his throat, and got back to reading the textbook in front of him. Word of the rejection must have gotten around the school fairly quickly as Messalina couldn't recall another girl doing much more than look rather hopefully at Remus and certainly none had been so bold since."You and Remus looked rather cozy at breakfast." Messalina flinched at Lily's voice right in her ear and she swatted the girl on the arm before looking quickly to make sure Peter hadn't heard. Thankfully, he had turned his attention back to the other two Marauders and they were discussing something equally secretive as they had all leaned in close to Remus who was shaking his head and looking exasperated. Content that they wouldn't be overhead, Messalina turned and glared at Lily."I don't know what you're talking about, we're friends.""Friends on their way to being more than friends?""I've given up boys this year, Lily, or did you forget?""No, you gave up annoying, arrogant toerag boys. And Remus is the furthest thing from that.""Do we need to talk about this now?" Messalina hissed, glancing over at the boys to make sure they were still engaged in whatever they were whispering about."Are we talking about boys?" Marlene asked in a stage whisper, a manical grin plastered on her face. Messalina winced at how her voice carried and Lily elbowed Marlene solidly in the ribs before murmuring something in her ear."I am not talking to you two anymore," Messalina grumbled. She turned to focus on the game but found it nearly impossible as her eyes seemed to have a mind of their own and kept turning to look towards Remus. He was smiling goodnaturedly as his friends whispered in front of him about Merlin knew what and Messalina couldn't help but feel like Lily might be right about him. Shit.

A big thanks to TheMaximumExperience and mmauney12 for their review on the last chapter - so glad you're enjoying this story! Your reviews completely made my day - it's because of readers like you that I'm motivated to write. I know both of you guys mentioned wanting more Remus/Lina (because who doesn't, right?!) and I promise there will be plenty of it next chapter (which is going to be from Remus' POV).TheMaximumExperience's review also reminded me of something I wanted to address: I do not want to make Messalina a Mary Sue. I'm trying really hard to make her feel real. In the original version of this story I posted, Lina was a quidditch star, got along with everyone, and was all around not a very realistic character. So if you ever read that story and were wondering why there have been some changes in her character, that's why. Also, I promise I did not make her the best at DADA in her year for no reason, it's vital to the post-Hogwarts chapters I have outlined. Sorry for this super long A/N! Huge thanks to everyone who has favorited/followed, let me know what you're thinking of it so far!Previously on Above All Others: After a night of extra DADA lessons with the new professor and Graham Pucey, Messalina stumbles upon Remus in the Common Room and asks if he wants to be friends. The next day our favorite band of seventh years attends the first quidditch match of the year and Messalina worries she might want to be more than friends with Remus. The week between the Gryffindor-Hufflepuff quidditch match (Mary and Potter were an unstoppable duo and had proved so to the whole school by winning by almost 200 points and throwing a surprisingly tame party in the Common Room under Lily's watchful eye) and the first Hogsmeade trip felt like a lifetime. As is often the case when someone is wishing for time to go by faster, the days seemed to move as slow as molasses and Messalina found her constant schoolwork made the days never ending.She spent nearly every night doing homework in the Common Room until almost one in the morning, straining to fit in as much as possible so she could enjoy a guilt-free day with the twins in the quaint village. She had regretted not being on top of her essays the weekend before when she heard the music from the victory party from the desk in her room, bent over a rather complicated essay on the theory behind human transfiguration and cursing her procrastination. Determined not to repeat her mistake, Messalina found herself as the last one in the Common Room for several days, an occurrence that made her miss Fabian and Gideon even more than before.The three had never gone this long without seeing one another since they had met and Messalina was fairly certain if she didn't see them soon she would go insane. The twins were self-proclaimed night owls and believed firmly in doing their homework at night when the rest of the Common Room was emptying and there was a sense of urgency in the air. And while they swore up and down that this was the best system for them, Messalina knew from years of experience that the truth was rather the opposite. They would get a good few hours studying in after dinner, but some time around 11:30 they would start yawning and before midnight rolled around, they would be facedown in their textbooks snoring. They would sleep for as long as it took Messalina to finish whatever she was working on and she would wake them by closing her textbook as obnoxiously as possible and laughing at the disgruntled looks on their faces. The pair would grumble about having to wake up early to finish their work, complaining the whole way to the staircase about how they should never have brought her home if she couldn't wake them up when they died of boredom periodically before climbing the stairs and declaring they would never slack off again. As much as they liked to pretend they were night owls, they were far closer to the early birds as most mornings they would have their homework done and packed up by the time the girls descended.And so, sitting in the Common Room alone was a bittersweet feeling for Messalina. She missed her brothers terribly and found herself wondering what they were doing just about every spare second. She prayed they were safe - their letters weren't as common of an occurrence as they had been at first but she knew they were getting busier as they earned more responsibilities as Aurors in training. Her adoptive parents, Gwen and Samuel, wrote often to make up for the relative silence of their sons, but it wasn't the same as spending day after day with two boys who understood her better than anyone else. She had grown so used to their presence over their years together that so much time apart felt like she was being punished for something.There was also an underlying level of fear she didn't like to think about that revolved on them realizing they didn't care for her so much now that they were living their own lives and she was just a kid in school. She tried to assuage the feeling by concentrating on the memory of holding Charlie in her arms when he was declared her godson and had spent more time gazing at the polaroid of the moment than she had in recent years. It soothed most of the tension, but some nights as she laid in bed willing herself to go to sleep, the anxiety rose up and became almost unbearable. She hoped it would go away the moment she saw the boys - she wasn't sure she could continue in this perpetual state of uncertainty forever.On Saturday morning, Messalina was up before any of her roommates (a rarity considering Marlene had just gotten a new face potion that could only stay on for eight hours before it started burning the top layer of your skin on and Messalina was fairly confident she had gone to sleep more than eight hours ago) and actually spent the time getting ready. N.E.W.T. year was not friendly to those who wanted to spend hours getting ready (Marlene had taken to reciting passages from a textbook as she did her makeup) and most of the seventh year girls had completely given up on trying to look presentable for class. Hogsmeade, on the other hand, was a special occasion and the school had been buzzing about it all week. Messalina had heard the third year girls talking animatedly at dinner the night before about what they were going to wear and where they wanted to go, clearly excited to be able to visit the village for the first time.Messalina was just putting the finishing touches on her makeup when Marlene walked into the bathroom, blinking sleepily and yawning. She hadn't worn her new potion the night before thankfully as her skin was burn-free. Her eyes widened dramatically when she saw Messalina standing in front of the mirror and instantly went into panic mode, yelling for the other girls to wake up because they were running late on Hogsmeade day of all days! It took several moments to assure Marlene that she was not running late before it seemed to sink into the girl's brain and she relaxed, but not before shooting Messalina a suspicious look. Mary yanked the curtains around her bed back and did her best reenactment of McGonagall yelling at the Marauders and Messalina was surprised the girl's face was capable of turning such a vivid red color. If she hadn't been screaming, Messalina might've told her it was a rather nice to see someone else turning such a shade, even if it was from anger rather than embarrassment.Breakfast would have been an all around unpleasant affair if Messalina wasn't nearly bursting with excitement to see her brothers. Marlene's pronounced scowl and Mary complaining loudly about being woken up too early barely phased her. If ever she had had tunnel vision, this was it. Every thought revolved around reuniting with Fabian and Gideon. Eating breakfast and making the walk to Hogsmeade were means to an end and she would tolerate them because there was no way around them. The boys wouldn't be in Hogsmeade until 10 and she counted down the moments on the watch of the sixth year boy beside her. She barely heard her roommates' teasing comments about her acting like a five year old who had been promised anything in Honeyduke's they wanted, too focused on eating her breakfast as efficiently as possible while maintaining the manners that had been beaten into her as a child. There could only be one blood traitor who ate like a pig after all and Sirius Black was the proud holder of that job.She was so lost in making a mental checklist about things she wanted to be sure to talk to the twins about (are they really going from a three year training period to one? how is the family? what's Moody like?) that when an owl perched itself on the bowl of fruit in front of her, letter clasped in its beak, it took a moment for her to register its presence."Am I the only one that sees the owl?" Mary asked, eyes wide with concern as she looked around the table. Mary had always taken Divination rather seriously and whoever the professor was had her convinced she had the Inner Eye and Mary was determined to find some evidence that the professor was right. She had a history of making wild predictions and Messalina had always assumed she did so in hopes that she could be certain she had the Eye when one of them came true. She was, after all, still convinced the DADA professor was a werewolf."Lina, you have an owl," Lily said cautiously, looking as though she was bracing herself for a tirade. Mary visibly deflated at not being the only one to see the owl and bit viciously into her toast, scowling. She had predicted several weeks ago that she would be visited by someone unseen by others. Messalina reached out and took the letter, a strong sense of deja vu settling over her as the owl flew off to find itself some treats. A sense of foreboding in her stomach reminded her all too well of the feeling she had when she had received the owl telling her she had been disowned years and years ago. Before the fear could find a true home in her guts, she ripped the envelope open and pulled the parchment out as quickly as possible. She frowned upon recognizing Gwen Prewett's neat handwriting on the parchment and wished that the owl had been temporarily maimed by the Whomping Willow on its way to deliver the letter.My darling Lina, I hope you're well and that your DADA professor has yet to seriously cause you injury (you would write if that had happened, wouldn't you?). I'm terribly sorry to tell you that Fabian and Gideon will not be able to meet you at Hogsmeade today. They were called off for an emergency in the wee hours of the morning and did not have time to write you before they left, but they've assured me they would both send letters as soon as they got home. They are tentatively hoping to be able to see you on the visit before Christmas - I know how you all were looking forward to your reunion. I'm so sorry my dear. I'm sure the boys will find some way to make it up to you and I expect a letter if they do not. There's always the next visit unless you have a gentlemen in your sights, then you have my permission to tell Fabian and Gideon to sod off and leave you to it. You can tell them I said that too. Speaking of gentlemen, I got to see the Weasleys last weekend and Charlie asked that I send these pictures to you. One is for his beloved godmother (him and Bill had dozens of questions about how you were doing by the way, Merlin bless those boys), another for a certain redhead that puts up with all my son-in-law's questions, and the last is for a new friend that apparently knows about dragons. Charlie didn't remember his name and I'm not sure who he is talking about, but I hope you do. And by the by, Molly just went to St. Mungo's the other day and (in case she writes you about it please act surprised, this is supposed to be a secret) it looks like she's having twin boys! Like mother like daughter I guess! I also have it on good authority that a very special seventh year at Hogwarts is to be their godmother. You didn't hear this from me!I'm so sorry again for the boys being unable to come today, I hope the Molly news helped just a bit. Please know the boys were so excited to see you - it's all they've talked about for ages. We cannot wait to see you for Christmas. Grateful for you as always & loving you from afar, GwenP.S. I hope you like our new owl - Samuel picked him up just the other day and named him Chudley (I bet you already know what I think of that name).P.S.S. Samuel is reading this over my shoulder and is complaining that there's not enough about him in here - please write him soon. He's going mad without you kids in the house all the time. He got too spoiled this summer. He also says to tell you he loves you too and can't wait to see you. Messalina lowered the letter, the feeling of intense disappointment that had built up in her upon reading the first paragraph dulling significantly as she read the news about Molly. Twins. More godchildren. She was still a part of the family even from so far away and she wondered if her allergies had chosen to act up despite being inside in the late fall as her throat felt like it was closing. With a jolt of surprise, she realized she was on the verge of tears. Lily, who was sitting beside her, leaned over in alarm and skimmed the letter quickly, a comforting hand on Messalina's back."I'm so sorry they can't make it, Lina, I know how you were looking forward to seeing them.""I'm going to be a godmother again," Messalina said at the same time Lily spoke, looking around the table in awe. She shifted through the parchment for the pictures Gwen had mentioned and smiled at the rather good drawings Charlie had done of different types of dragons. She recognized Molly's looping handwriting at the top of each piece of parchment with the name of each type of dragon (Hungarian Horntail, Norwegian Ridgeback, and Romanian Longhorn) and smiled at a heart with M&C written in it at the bottom of the Horntail's drawing in Charlie's crude handwriting. Lily's Longhorn was recognizable by the 'Lily' scribbled at the bottom in huge lopsided letters with what appeared to be a massive crayon and Messalina nearly choked as she realized Charlie had been talking about for the last drawing."And who is that last one for?" Lily asked as she snatched the Longhorn from Messalina's hands to examine what Charlie had drawn for her."I think you know," she replied loftily, refusing to look further down the table to where the Marauders typically sat. What were you supposed to do when your godson draws a picture for a boy you're trying very hard to suppress your crush on? Do you give them the drawing or just pretend it was meant for you? She could picture the conversation in her head and how awkward would it be to have to go up to Remus and say hey I know you met Charlie once but you've had a profound impact on his learning and obsession with dragons, do you want this picture ? What am I supposed to do with it? Yeah, I have no clue, sorry."Is it for Remus?" Marlene said in what she thought was a whisper but was more like a hushed shout. Messalina aimed a kick at her under the table in response but Marlene dodged it and she ended up kicking Mary in the shin and earning herself a glare. "Too bad he's not here right now, you could've professed your family's love to him in front of the whole Hall.""It's not love - wait, what do you mean he's not here?" Messalina asked, risking a glance down the table to see the other Marauders slouched over looking exhausted as they shoveled their breakfast in their mouths as if afraid it would be taken away from them. But Marlene was right, there was no Remus to be seen."He headed off to the Hospital Wing after Care of Magical Creatures, said he wasn't feeling very well. Poor guy is always sick." Marlene commented, eyeing Messalina with amusement. And here Messalina had prided herself with being capable of not staring at the boy all the time, but that satisfaction deflated as she realized she hadn't seen Remus since Thursday night. They didn't have any classes together on Fridays (she and Lily were the only ones still in Potions and she didn't take Care of Magical Creatures or History of Magic) and Messalina had been trying with all her might to not think 'non-friends' thoughts towards her newest friend. But if he wasn't there to gawk at, she couldn't exactly be proud of not ogling him could she? "Wait a second, did you say Fabian and Gideon aren't coming?""They have to work.""Looks like you'll have to hang out with us all day, what a disappointment," Marlene teased good-naturedly, offering Messalina a sympathetic smile. "Besides, I was supposed to be set up with one of them so it looks like you'll have to do it through the mail instead of in person."Messalina laughed as she thought about Marlene's crush on the twins. Marlene had broken up with the French wizard she'd met on holiday several days ago, declaring he was too boring to write to for a whole year, and had set her sights on the twins once again. The pair had been her go-to crushes when she wasn't in a relationship and upon inspecting a picture of the twins and Messalina in their bathing suits at the Weasley's pond from the summer, Marlene had been frothing at the mouth in hopes of catching a glimpse of them in Hogsmeade. When Messalina asked which she would prefer, she had said whichever would have her, sending Messalina into a fit of giggles. "Please don't date either of them, their egos are too large to begin with. It would just be 'I'm dating Marlene McKinnon' all the time.""We would have the most beautiful babies," Marlene fawned, staring dreamily at a spot in the air above the Hufflepuff table as her dorm mates giggled at her."They would terrorize me," Messalina said, shuddering at the thought."Was it a full moon last night?" Mary asked suddenly, staring down the table past the Marauders to the Head table where Vector was absent as always. The three Marauders there turned to look at them and Messalina noted they all looked a bit pale and peaky. Maybe Remus had given them whatever ailed him. Messalina made a mental note not to get too close to the little group. She'd spent enough of her life in bed, she didn't need to get sent to the Hospital Wing for whatever it was."Yeah, it was," Messalina replied offhandedly, tucking the letter and pictures of the two remaining dragons into her jacket pocket."Why do you know that?""We could hear the wolves howling at it in the DADA classroom. And Jenny Connors is in N.E.W.T. Astronomy apparently, Pucey said she was helping Sinistra manage the first years 'cause they were looking at it for the first time.""Was Vector there the whole time?" Mary asked hopefully, but she frowned when Messalina nodded solemnly."He's definitely not a werewolf, sorry Mary.""I saw a werewolf in Divination though! There's got to be a werewolf here!""I think it lives in your head," Marlene joked, tapping on the side of Mary's head as Mary glared at her."You'll all feel stupid when we found out there's a werewolf in this school!""What are you on about, Macdonald?" Black called from down the table, an amused grin on his face. The group of sixth years that usually separated the two groups of seventh years had gotten up as Mary started raising her voice and Sirius Black had taken advantage of the large gap between them to lean forward and socialize. Messalina wondered if it would be considered rude to just get up and leave."Nothing," Marlene called back, rolling her eyes. "Mary's taking Divination very seriously this year.""It's a noble art, you wouldn't understand," Mary said haughtily, sticking her nose in the air as Messalina resisted the urge to laugh at her antics. "Not everyone has the Eye, it's a very rare ability.""Can the Eye show you when my robes are coming?""Seeking your robes out using the Eye would be a waste, Marlene.""I predict a week, she's been running behind all year. If I'm right, do you reckon I have the Sight too?""You never even took Divination, Marlene, it would be very impressive," Messalina added, ducking a piece of bacon that Mary chucked at her head."I am not going to sit here while you mock me," Mary declared as she stood and glared at her dorm mates. Down the table, the Marauders were chuckling and she shot them a dark look."Are you going to stand there while we mock you?" Marlene asked innocently, laughing wildly when Mary groaned with exasperation."No, I am going to Hogsmeade and anyone who shuts up about the Eye gets a free butterbeer.""Forgive me my insolence," Messalina exclaimed as she stood up to join Mary as Marlene and Lily scrambled to do the same. A free butterbeer was not to be scoffed at after all.The walk to Hogsmeade was spent speculating wildly about what unexpected drama would result from couples flocking to the village, many on first dates. Marlene guessed at least three girls would be spotted crying before the day was done, Lily bet them each two sickles that Ravenclaw prefect Montgomery would try some grand theatrical gesture to ask Jenny Connors (who was in a very committed relationship with Graham Pucey's cousin John Higgs) out and would accuse her of not appreciating nice guys when she said no, and Mary theorized they would count a minimum of six couples engaged in overly wet snogging. Messalina said they were destined to see Black and Amelia Bones on the verge of shagging at some point. She thoroughly enjoyed making these ideas up - it was a particularly effective way of forgetting how disappointed she was that the twins weren't coming. Doubtlessly, she would have a bit of a cry in the shower later but it was difficult to be upset with the twins even when they deserved it let alone when they were trying to make the world a better place.Just as the entered the village and stopped their game lest anyone overhear, but giggling amongst themselves, Messalina screamed. Beside the sign that declared you were entering Hogsmeade (Welcome to a quaint historic village!) stood Fabian and Gideon Prewett in all their glory. Their Auror robes had seen better days and both appeared on the brink of exhaustion, but they were here.She took off at a dead sprint away from her friends and towards her brothers, nearly barreling into a third year boy that was admiring the village with his friends. Shouting a 'sorry!' over her shoulder, she launched herself into Fabian's arms and knocked him back several steps. She squeezed him as tightly as she could, breathing in the familiar scent of his cologne and burying her head into his neck."Did you two shack up and not tell me? Where's my hug, kid?" Gideon's voice joked from somewhere behind her and she detached herself slowly from Fabian, swatting at Gideon's chest before hugging him just as tightly. She only let him go when he complained loudly that she was breaking his ribs and even then she refused to be farther than step away from the boys."Gwen said you couldn't come!""Things are complicated," Gideon told her in a low voice that Messalina knew meant 'be quiet, I'll explain later'. She turned to see what he must've seen as a source of potential danger and saw the rest of the Gryffindor seventh years with the exception of the ill Remus making their way up the path. Potter looked overjoyed, whether it was from the prospect of spending a little in Hogsmeade with Lily by accident or from seeing the twins Messalina didn't know."Good to see you both," Marlene called, a smile lighting up her face. Fabian elbowed Gideon behind Messalina's back and waved enthusiastically to the girl."Looking as perfect as ever, McKinnon.""I knew you were coming, I had to look my best!" She exclaimed, laughing as Fabian wrapped his arms around her and lifted her off the ground. Messalina noted the gleam in her brother's eye as well as the slight scowl on Black's face and Peter's averted eyes. Marlene was breathless when Fabian put her down, her cheeks tinged red. Interesting. Very interesting.It took roughly twenty minutes to get through the obligatory hugs and to make a plan to all meet up at the Three Broomsticks for lunch later to catch up. The whole time Messalina was shifting on her feet at the edge of the group, willing them to hurry up so she could get figure out what was going on with the twins. Peter chatted with her for most of the time as he wasn't close with Fabian and Gideon like the rest of their year was so once he had waved hello there really was nothing for him to do but wait for everyone else to be done."What is going on?" Messalina hissed the moment she was alone with Fabian and Gideon, watching as the rest of the seventh years made their way into the village. Lily was talking to James somewhat civilly from what Messalina could gather and she made a mental note to think about that as well."Hold on," Gideon murmured, grabbing her elbow and leading her off to the Shrieking Shack. The most haunted place in Britain was usually only crowded near the end of the visit when people ran out of things to do and sought out ways to tease one another and so as they approached there wasn't a soul to be seen. When the twins seemed sufficiently satisfied that they were alone, they turned to face Messalina again. "We're doing more than just Auror training, Mum and Dad don't know though, and we didn't know how to tell them we knew the 'emergency' would be done before we were supposed to meet you.""What does that even mean?" Messalina asked, looking warily at the twins. They looked quite solemn and serious, but there as a glint in their eyes she recognized and her stomach clenched. "What have you two gotten yourselves into?"They shared a secret look in that Messalina always thought of as the 'we're twins, you wouldn't understand how interconnected our amazing brains are' expression and she felt the giddy mood she had been in evaporate. Gideon leaned forward so close she could feel his breath on her ear and whispered, "the Ministry and the Aurors aren't going to be the only ones fighting the Death Eaters soon.""Who else is?""We can't say much about it, but it's real. And it's going to start very soon," Fabian muttered. Messalina had to strain to hear him over the distant chatter of her schoolmates and suddenly she wished she could be amongst them rather than hearing about whatever they were talking about."How come Gwen and Samuel don't know about it?""Wanted to wait to tell them until we're already officially in. Because they'll want in but we're not at the stage where we're actually ready to open up to new members yet, you understand?""You're putting this together?" She asked incredulously. Messalina loved her brothers but she could not picture them organizing a dinner let alone a secret organization. Especially not one that was preparing to enter the War against the most evil and dangerous wizard in recent history. "You're already Aurors, what are you doing this for?""Merlin no, you insult us, we're too handsome to be spending so much time in the dark plotting.""And sometimes we need to do things the Ministry doesn't need to know about.""It's a handpicked group, though. Not just Aurors either.""You two are part of an exclusive group?""Well, we were chosen by someone who was part of the first group," Fabian replied, puffing out his chest and grinning at her. The prideful expression on his face didn't do anything to ease her discomfort. "Dear sister, have you forgotten how talented we are?""Just why are you telling me this? Not much of a secret organization if you're telling me about it.""We're gonna need a new class of recruits by the time you graduate. People we can trust above everything else. We kind of know the people in your year but not enough to make the decision of who to ask to join. So we were told to find someone who does know that kind of information. And does anyone the stench of a pureblood fanatic or a coward better than you?" Gideon asked, his voice light and humorous but Messalina noted his adam's apple was quivering ever so slightly. With a start she realized he was afraid or at least nervous and she regretted eating such a large breakfast as it was likely about to stain the grass around her feet. She shifted, staring down at her feet and wishing the ground would swallow her up."Why are you going to need new recruits?" She knew the answer before she even asked but for some unknown reason, Messalina needed to hear it come from the mouth of someone she trusted more than anyone."This is dangerous, Lina. More dangerous than being an Auror probably.""When You-Know-Who figures out what's going on, people will die. Probably a lot of people.""So if you don't want to do it, you just say the word and we'll forget about it.""We won't be upset, we promise. It's a lot to ask.""I'll do it." Grateful that her voice came out with more confidence than she felt, Messalina looked up the twins and met their eyes. She was shocked by how young they looked. It felt as though she was seeing them for the first time in the Gryffindor Common Room all those years ago, two cocky twelve year olds ready to take on any injustices they saw. Braver than anyone else she'd ever met despite their age. They were so young to be putting their lives on the line for the betterment of the world, but that was just who they were. It was who she had always wanted to be. She swallowed, wishing her mouth didn't feel as dry as the wall of the Shrieking Shack looked, and nodded. "Of course I'll do it.""That's our girl!" The twins exclaimed in unison and she cracked a smile at them, the feeling of discomfort in her stomach amplifying as the conversation sank in."Look, this isn't the place to be talking about this but we needed to figure out if you were in or if we had to figure something else out. We'll talk more at your Christmas break, Mum and Dad will know by then so it'll be safe to talk at home." Messalina nodded at Gideon's words, grateful that they were done talking about this.It was so easy to forget the War was raging outside of Hogwarts even with Professor Vector telling her and Pucey horror stories every week and the Daily Prophet listing people who had been attacked, killed, or gone missing every day. She had known of the realities of the War her whole life but it always felt like real life was ages away and she had years to prepare to face the world. But they were at the end of October and she was graduating in June. And she had never felt so ill prepared or overwhelmed. How was she supposed to know who was trustworthy? She'd thought Dearborn and Fenwick had good characters when she'd started dating them and both had blown up completely in her face. If she couldn't tell who was going to turn out to be an arsehole boyfriend, how could she decide who was good enough to be in this organization?"I saw Antonin on the platform when I left for school," Messalina revealed, instantly feeling guilty at the look of concern the twins shared. "It was him, Lucius Malfoy, and Thorfinn Rowle. They were with the Blacks, seeing Regulus off.""They've never done that before, have they?""No, but Sirius left this summer so they couldn't very well have talked about Death Eater affairs with him in the house.""Did you have to interact?" Fabian was careful with his wording and Messalina shook her head gratefully."No, I didn't see them until after I was on the train.""Were they talking to Sirius' little brother?" Gideon - ever the more concerned, responsible twin - was staring at her intently, his brows furrowed."I don't know, not that I saw at least.""Okay, thanks for letting us know. We'll pass this on.""How's training?" She asked after a pregnant silence fell over them. Quiet was rare for them, usually at least one of the twin was cracking some kind of joke, and it made the interaction feel even more surreal. And if it already felt like it wasn't actually happening, why not throw in a conversation she had been dreading and get it over with?"They're going to change the three year training period to one year.""An 'accelerated program' so we can get into the field by ourselves even faster.""Means we're working three times as much as you usually would've, we're lucky to see Mum and Dad for a couple hours a week.""The things we've seen...the Death Eaters and You-Know-Who need to be stopped. Doesn't make you complain as much about the hours as you might think.""They go by fast, that's for sure.""But it feels good to do something. To be able to look at the Daily Prophet and think 'I'm trying to stop this everyday'.""We won't blame you if you decide not to be an Auror, Lina," Gideon interjected suddenly, shooting his brother an annoyed look and the concern was evident in his voice. "Mum's already beside herself with two of us as Aurors, you'd be saving her a lot of stress doing something else.""I've wanted to be an Auror since I came to Hogwarts," she said slowly, kicking at a pebble under her shoe and refusing to look the twins in the eye. Messalina wanted terribly to tell them about what Vector had said after she'd successfully conjured a Patronus - that regular wizarding society wouldn't reaccept those who killed on their behalf. She'd kept the encounter to herself, telling Lily and others that Vector had just wanted to know about the memory she'd chosen. Even though she felt the words bubbling in her throat, she swallowed them down. "Since I figured out what my last name means to actually decent wizarding families. I want nothing more than to be able to look myself in the eye and say I did everything to stop people like the Luciens and the Dolohovs. To make even the smallest difference.""Then we'll just have to tell Mum to suck it up and get used to three of us as Aurors," Fabian said, drawing her into a tight hug that made tears prick at the corners of her eyes. "She's had years to prepare herself.""That poor woman, birthing two twins as handsome as ourselves.""Okay, enough of this talk. I didn't come here to see you cry. I'd rather talk about how Fabian nearly blew a load when Marlene hugged him." Messalina laughed at Gideon's statement and leaned against the fence as Fabian attempted to tackle his twin to the ground. It felt good to see they were still capable of such tomfoolery despite everything that they had seen and discussed, but Messalina couldn't help but wonder sickly if this was an act to try to make her feel better. It worked only partially if that was true and they needn't have gone to all that effort and certainly did not have to get grass stains on their robes.The intense feeling of nausea didn't subside even as the twins stopped fighting and turned the conversation towards lighter topics. Chatting about Molly's kids and Fabian's adoration for Marlene felt hollow and odd in comparison to the news they had dropped on her and Messalina knew her brothers felt the strain as well. Their laughter sounded forced and by the time they made it to the Three Broomsticks to meet the rest of the seventh years for lunch, Messalina's cheeks ached from faking smiles for the better part of an hour. She felt detached as she sat down between her brothers, so lost in her thoughts that it took nearly twenty minutes for her to notice James and Lily were sitting next to each other talking quietly. Any other day, Messalina would've elbowed Marlene or made a mental note to ask Lily about it later, but it felt silly and childish. It felt the same way with Fabian and Marlene who were trading quips about the state of wizarding customs. She couldn't even be bothered to worry about Peter or Black seeing Marlene openly flirting with someone else. Who cares about relationships when there's a War going on? At least she'd be able to tease them back when they inevitably returned to the topic of Charlie drawing a dragon for Remus. Maybe they'd shut up for once.Messalina was so deep in her own mind that when the rest of the group got up to leave, it took Gideon tapping on her shoulder for her to notice. She followed her friends out of the Three Broomsticks trying to force herself to stop dwelling on the negative when Merlin knew when she would able to see the twins again. It wasn't wise to not take advantage of their company when she had a whole afternoon with them. The girls and the Marauders split off from the Prewett-Lucien trio as they left the bar, the boys declaring an urgent need to go to Zonko's and the girls heading down the lane to get Mary some new quidditch supplies."So, Lupin, eh?" Fabian asked after a moment and Messalina jerked her head to look at him. He was trying hard to not to laugh and he lost his battle with himself after several seconds, chuckling to himself as Gideon coughed in what he probably hoped was an inconspicuous manner."I don't know what you're talking about," she declared, sticking her nose in the air. For the first time all day, she felt somewhat normal if not embarrassed and almost relished in the feeling."Better than Caradoc or Fenwick, that's for sure.""Might actually have an average person's sized ego.""Be careful that he's not gonna croak on you, kid's in the Hospital Wing once a month, I swear.""Yeah, what's that about anyways?""I'm not commenting on these rumors, Merlin knows where you heard them," Messalina announced, scowling at their cheerful faces. How they could be so cheerful when they had just been talking about joining a secret organization to defeat the Death Eaters, she had no clue but had to acknowledge that they hadn't changed too much."Not rumors, I saw that kid go to the Hospital Wing more times than anybody else.""Hopefully whatever it is isn't transmitted sexually." That was the last straw for Messalina, who elbowed Fabian in the ribs and whacked his twin's arm."You two are insufferable, did you know that?""You have our blessing, dearest sister.""Just promise us you'll name your kids after us. Even if it's a girl. Fabianna you could call her.""Merlin, we're just friends. Not sure we're at the stage of naming our children yet. I think that might come in the second week of friendship, though," Messalina grumbled, surprised by how close she was by scowling and stomping her foot like a child. "How do you even know about this?""A most precious little bird told me.""Okay, so it looks like I'll have to kill Marlene.""She's a rather spectacular girl, don't you think?""I think Fabian is in love. Promise to name your daughter after me?" Messalina jumped out of the way as Fabian lunged towards her, arms outstretched and a glint in his eyes that told her it was on. She took off running back in the direction of the Shrieking Shack, her lungs aching from the effort of propelling her body forward as fast as possible while laughing. Fabian tackled her when she was just within view of the building and she had to concede her defeat, cursing herself for not taking up a sport like quidditch that could keep her stamina up.The rest of the afternoon passed in a suitably normal manner with plenty of gossip and catching up shared between the trio and by the time Messalina made her way back to the castle alone, she was feeling much better than she had that morning. She had wanted to be able to do something, anything, to help with what was going on in the outside world. And now, she had a new responsibility in addition to her weekly training sessions with Professor Vector and Graham Pucey. She could make a difference before she even left Hogwarts and when did did graduate, she would be ready for it. At least, she might be prepared if she started paying attention to her surroundings. How had she missed a boy she had harbored a crush on for longer than she'd like to admit was missing at least once a month? She'd have to start being more observant. For professional purposes of course. It had nothing to do with the fluttering feeling she felt when he looked at her. Nope. Not at all. Don't be ridiculous.

This chapter is dedicated in its entirety to the extremely kind and thoughtful words of mmauney12. Thank you so much for your review - it is comments like yours that motivate me to upload these chapters. I'm so glad you're enjoying this - your support means everything to me. And to everyone else reading, let me know what you think!Previously on Above All Others: A visit to Hogsmeade sees Messalina reunited with the Prewett twins and recruited to find others for a fledgling anti-Death Eater group the boys are a part of. Messalina learns Remus is often ill and decides to get to the bottom of the mystery. For professional, Auror practice purposes only of course. Remus Lupin was fairly certain he knew his best friends' answers to the question: what did you learn you envied from the Prewett twins during their at Hogwarts together. His own response was two parts, as one might expect. First, and perhaps most obviously, he was jealous of their connection with Messalina. The three were scarcely apart from one another when they were in not in class or at quidditch practice, often with their heads close together scheming about Merlin knew what. Fabian and Gideon were always at ease, perpetually relaxed in spite of the mounting pressures of their coursework, and, despite Messalina's protests that they drove her insane, he was certain a serious disagreement or fight had never occurred between them. There was never tension in their group, only the twins laughing and Messalina rolling her eyes until she eventually joined them in their laughter.But their closeness was not the only thing Remus wished he had. The Prewetts had unquestionable morals and they stuck to them at every turn. They were a source of amusement to their fellow students without needing to do anything worth garnering a detention for. Even as second years, the Prewett twins were willing to be ostracized by their House if it meant making sure a fourth year didn't bully a frightened and alone first year who had just received the shock of a lifetime. They were worthy of Messalina's love and adoration. Never had he seen them demean another student that wasn't doing the same to a younger or otherwise more vulnerable student. And Remus wished he could say the same about himself. He had been raised by his parents, mostly his mother, to never bully others and to be as kindhearted and open-minded towards others as he could manage. She always said it would help him relieve any feelings of inadequacy he had compared to his peers considering his condition. And yet for the first six years of his Hogwarts career, he could scarcely say he followed her most adamant advice. His best friends were beloved in their own House and amongst students who mostly fit in with them; however, they could be a terror to anyone they perceived as annoying or irritating or different. And Remus was too afraid of losing their love and support to do much other than standby and watch it happen.He had felt the most shame after their O.W.L.s when James had found Snape sitting by the lake and, bored and ready for some action, had decided it best to torment him one last time before summer break. Remus could do nothing but hang back as Snape was hoisted in the air and mocked in front of the majority of the school. He could not risk his friends looking down on him and so he stayed silent, watching passively as Lily tried to put a stop to it and was called a 'mudblood' by her own childhood best friend. Remus said nothing as Messalina appeared from somewhere by the lakeshore and took off running after Lily, but not before throwing a dirty look at both Snape and the Marauders. He didn't move when the Prewett twins ran over and demanded James stop using 'scourgify' on Snape. Shame had roiled in his stomach that night when Messalina and Lily returned, the latter's face puffy and red as she walked through the silent Common Room and up the stairs to her dorm, the eyes of half their House fixed on her. Messalina had joined Fabian and Gideon in front of the fire and it didn't take a genius to put together what they were whispering about.And so, when James had been selected as Head Boy instead of Remus, Remus felt no anger. His parents were disappointed as they had hoped the status might help him with his eventually long and unsuccessful job search. Remus didn't feel the same way. He didn't deserve to put in charge of other students if he couldn't be brave enough to stand up to his own friends. He wasn't half the Gryffindor that the Prewett twins were and they had never even been appointed as prefects.Now, Remus didn't expect his friends' answers to the Prewett experience question to be nearly as long winded as his own. Peter most likely envied their cleverness and the ease with which they became two of the most popular students in the school. Perhaps Peter wished he had their talents in the classroom as well, particularly when they both earned enough O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s to get into the Auror program without a single hitch. The twins might not have as much inherent talent for DADA as their adopted sister, but they had been a sight to behold at the ill-fated Dueling Club two years ago. After Messalina had sent Benjy Fenwick through the wall of the Great Hall, much to Remus' internal delight, professors had been forced to break up the dueling twins out of fear of another student getting in the way and injuring themselves. It had not come as a surprise when a Ministry owl appeared several days later inviting the boys to submit their Auror applications early.James and Sirius, on the other hand, would certainly pick a rather different point of admiration: the twins' ability to throw what were possibly the best parties Gryffindor tower had ever seen. By their seventh year, the twins had the set up down to an exact science. First, ask the Marauders to head down to the kitchens to get as much food as they could get from the house elves. Then, ask Messalina's dorm mates to decorate the Common Room to fit whatever theme they were going for. Marlene's impeccable taste came in handy during these events as she always had just the right idea of how to decorate and Mary was an expert at yelling at younger students who dared to trample or destroy any decorations. After that, the twins would beg Lily Evans to attend the event, promising no fourth years or under would gain access to alcohol if she could just do a quick age line around the table, and telling her they loved her when she eventually caved in to their request. No one, not even the incredibly stubborn Lily Evans, could say no to the twins when they wanted something.Once they were content with the Common Room situation, the twins and Messalina would disappear for an hour and return with more alcohol than the Three Broomsticks probably had behind the counter. While the hangover cure potion was the twins' worst kept secret, wherever they got the drinks from was their best kept. The Marauders themselves were quite adept at keeping secrets (hello Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs), but even they couldn't resist hinting at their monthly excursions. Remus had, after all, been forced to firmly reprimand Sirius for yelling 'Moony's back!' at the top of his lungs in the Common Room when Remus had returned from the Hospital Wing earlier than usual two weekends ago. Remus suspected Messalina knew something was going on, especially after learning Mary was still talking about werewolves constantly, and Messalina had looked up from her essay with a suspicious look on her face at Sirius' call. He had caught her looking thoughtfully at him several times since then, each time a panic gripping his heart especially she offered him a flustered smile. So yeah, the Marauders were pretty good at keeping secrets even if they felt the need to flaunt how clever they were in front of the rest of the school. But the Prewett twins never hinted at revealing anything about their own secret.No one had a clue where the firewhisky came from, and the few times the Marauders had attempted to track them on the Map, they either milling about on the seventh floor or completely missing. The Marauders had inspected the seventh floor very carefully since then, but had never discovered anything that looked like it might be a firewhisky storage spot. There was no way it came from the kitchens as Remus knew from experience that 1) the house elves would moan with despair if you asked because they were not allowed to give students anything like that, not even a butterbeer, and 2) there was no bribing a house elf that had been ordered not to do something. The firewhisky couldn't be coming from Hogsmeade because although Madam Rosemerta might be tempted to sell Sirius a bottle of firewhisky if he really put on the charm, there was no way the woman was supplying over fifteen bottles at once. But there was no other reason why the Map would not show their location if they were on the grounds and no one knew Hogwarts and its secrets better than the Marauders. It was a mystery that had stumped them so much that once the previous year, James had attempted to follow them with the Cloak but the three had split up and according to the Map, had just wandered aimlessly around the castle in different directions before returning to the Common Room laden with bottles.But, the twins were graduated and in the real world now. And the secret lay entirely with the girl laying in front of the fireplace taking what appeared to be an extended nap with her face buried in a hefty Potions textbook. She and Lily had ventured out of the warmth of the castle to reply to a letter from Lily's parents about her older sister Petunia getting married and returned shivering from the walk. They had laid down to do their Potions readings in front of the fire to warm up and after about ten minutes, Messalina was face down in the book snoring softly. Of course, Remus hadn't been stalking them or listening carefully to their conversation when they had walked past him because that would be weird. It was just the kind of things friends do when they have a massive crush on their friend. Perfectly normal behavior. At least it felt better than listening to Sirius complain endlessly.It had been raining the whole week leading up to Sirius' birthday and the birthday boy was sulking moodily as they waited for nightfall to come so they could throw his party. There would be extremely limited alcohol (the cause of Sirius' bad mood) because the rain had prevented the boys from making their way to Hogsmeade. The tunnel they usually took to sneak into the village got damp and dripped rainwater when it rained enough and James was unsure what would happen if the cloak got wet. It didn't help that Messalina, who had initially said she would get it for them, was quite furious at Sirius and Peter at the moment.It had started off innocently enough with the boys playing a rousing game of Exploding Snap to ring in Sirius' birthday the night before. It was a quarter to midnight when the boys seemed to recall Messalina had her lessons with Pucey and Vector on Friday nights and, anxious to see if they could see either of them being thrown across the room on the Map, gleefully pulled it out and sought out the DADA classroom. The Common Room was empty aside from the Marauders, everyone trying to study having been driven away by their loud antics, and they spread the Map out on the table to get a better look when they saw only Vector on the classroom. Remus' heart stopped as his stomach roiled when Peter pointed out two sets of footprints standing quite close outside the Great Hall. Messalina and Graham Pucey were standing beside the staircase that would lead up to the Gryffindor Common Room and down to the Slytherin dungeons, apparently almost on top of each other if the Map was to be believed. And, to Remus' dismay, the Map had never been wrong before. He wondered if it was possible to have a heart attack from shock as his chest constricted and his face grew increasingly hotter.The Marauders must have decided to start spying just when whatever was going on there ended as the pair of footprints broke apart, Messalina heading up at a quick pace and Pucey leisurely heading downstairs. Remus could picture the contented look on Graham Pucey's handsome face and he fleetingly hoped the boy tripped on the steps going downstairs and broke something."Are you alright, Moony?" Peter had asked, staring at Remus with wide, concerned eyes. He had nodded in response, certain he would be unable to speak as his mouth had gone dry at the thought of Messalina snogging Graham. Pucey was, after all, a much better match for the girl than Remus was. Incredibly handsome (girls didn't gush about him and Sirius for no reason), capable of apparently charming anyone if this snogging was any indication, talented enough to have job prospects on the horizon, and most importantly not a 'half-breed' as the Ministry referred to his kind. You know, everything a girl like Messalina could want and deserve. And everything Remus did not have.The other Marauders quickly folded the Map and James shoved it into his back pocket as Messalina's footprints drew closer and they were all huddled around the table still when she entered. Unlike the last time Remus had seen her return from an extra DADA lesson, she was without a visible mark on her skin and did not appear half as tired. Instead, there was an almost detectible bounce in her step and Remus realized his worst suspicions were likely confirmed. He wondered if she would figure out he liked her if he threw up all over the plush carpet. They might be about to find out if the churning of his stomach didn't stop soon."Oh, hello boys," she had called when her eyes fell on them and she approached their table, her hands firmly in her robe pockets. Up close, Remus noticed her hair was falling out of its braids and her lips looked swollen. It took everything in him to keep breathing. "What are you lot still doing up?""Didn't take you as the type to be in the corridors after hours, Lucien," Sirius said, ignoring her question and glaring at her. She blinked and Remus caught the genuine look of confusion of her face before she scowled right back at Sirius. "Thought you prided yourself on no detentions. You only say it once a day.""Not that it is any of your business, Black, but I happen to have a note that says exactly this 'Messalina Lucien can go wherever the hell she wants whenever the hell she wants'. It's called a part of being a trustworthy student. You can be trusted with extracurriculars after hours.""I'm sorry, I didn't know snogging Pucey was considered an extracurricular." Sirius spat at her, more vehemence in his voice than Remus had expected from him. In hindsight, they ought to have known Sirius was not over his dislike for Messalina's friendship with Pucey. Since he had first brought it up at breakfast before the Gryffindor-Hufflepuff match, Sirius had been mostly silent on the matter but had added little japes about it to her when the opportunity presented itself. And judging by Sirius and Messalina's tumultuous relationship, they ought to have known a bigger fight was to come. But, Remus had tried to hope his friend wouldn't be so stupid so as to bring it up again so soon but he realized how wrong he was when Sirius continued. "I bet half the school has partaken in that activity.""What are you talking about?" Messalina's voice was tight and she did not look away from Sirius even as James cleared his throat loudly and gave Sirius a warning look. Had Remus been in his right mind rather than picturing Pucey snogging Messalina as Caradoc Dearborn had in Hogsmeade, he might have said something to Sirius. But that Gryffindor bravery and chivalry he so wanted to have had deserted him and he just stared."I wouldn't trust a Slytherin, Lina," Peter added unhelpfully and Remus wondered if the boy had forgotten everything he knew about Messalina Lucien. The pair had been friends for years since they had been paired together in Herbology, and Remus had always thought Peter understood Messalina better than to say something like that to her. Evidently, she had as well as she looked at him disbelievingly."Don't even pretend, you've got that 'just snogged' look all over your face, Lucien.""What?" Her jaw clenched as she spoke and Remus knew he had to say something, but before he could gather the nerve, Sirius spoke again."I never thought you the type to get tangled up with a slippery snake that's all. Thought you'd want to hang around decent witches and wizards.""Shut up, Sirius." James' voice was an unexpected addition to the argument and Remus wondered briefly if he was dreaming. James Potter had only gone against Sirius Black once in their whole friendship and that had been an entirely different, life or death situation. Saving Snape from discovering Remus as a werewolf certainly did not merit the same response as Sirius mocking Messalina, but James had decided to stick up for her."I think we might have a very different definition of what makes someone a decent wizard, Black. I thought judging people based on their House and not their character was more of a Death Eater thing. And nothing is going on with me and Pucey other than extra DADA lessons and him healing a bruise for me tonight. The 'just snogged' look is from a stinging hex, you insufferable prat.""I thought-""That's enough, Sirius," Remus interjected when he finally felt capable of speaking. Messalina's statement that nothing was going on between her and Pucey had been enough to break him from his stupor and realize this surreal moment was actually happening. "It's none of our business, you're being an arsehole.""Thank you Remus, thank you James. I'm glad two of you are actually decent wizards. Oh, and by the way, I'm too busy to get that firewhisky tomorrow." She had stalked off to the staircase then, taking the steps two at a time up to her dorm. Remus was too relieved she didn't think less of him and wasn't involved with Pucey to care about Sirius' party falling apart and even James had seemed lost in thought when they had eventually gone to bed.And now, half a day later, Messalina's decision on the matter was unchanged. James had pushed Sirius and Peter to apologize at breakfast, telling Sirius he ought to if he wanted to have a semi-decent party, but she had brushed them off completely. The other girls were also upset with Sirius and Peter and Remus could practically feel the seamless party planning system the Prewett twins had implemented falling apart. He had overheard the girls talking about a 'much needed girls night' at breakfast and judging by Messalina's stubbornness, general dislike of Sirius, and current state of sleeping in front of the fire, it seemed unlikely the seventh year girls would even appear at the party.He wished he felt better about the outcome than he actually did. He had spent much of his 'friendship' with Messalina actively trying to avoid her, especially now that he thought she might know something about a certain furry little problem. It had been hard enough not to give into his feelings for her when they were acquaintances, but with their friendship had come studying together just the two of them at night sometimes when everyone else went to bed, trading amused looks when Lily was more than civil with James, and talking about anything and everything that came to mind when they were together. Her presence was intoxicating and Remus knew better than to continue this friendship for both of their sakes, but he was utterly unable to pull away and distance himself from her. He had been certain for years that there would be no other girl he would ever be interested in and had considered it to be a good thing. She had been entirely untouchable, unapproachable for so long that there was no risk to allowing himself to feel as he did. But now, there was rarely a day they didn't at least talk briefly and he felt his resolve to stay away crumbling."Lina!" Marlene's voice broke him from his thoughts and he looked up from his textbook to see the girl kicking Messalina in the leg. "Wake up!""What?" Messalina groaned, rolling over and glaring up at Marlene. From what Remus could tell without overtly staring at the pair, Marlene was gesturing at where James and Lily had just returned from the weekly prefect meeting and were chatting amicably beside the Portrait Hole. James looked beside himself, an enthusiastic smile on his face as Lily spoke.Remus risked a glance over at Messalina was whispering back and forth with Marlene, who was gesturing wildly with her hands. The irritated look on Messalina's face told him Marlene was practicing the Prewett twins' convincing technique and was slowly winning her over judging by Messalina nodding imperceptibly."Think we'll get that firewhisky after all?" Peter's hopeful voice drew Remus' attention back to his own table and he shrugged. Had it been the twins telling Messalina to do something, his answer would have been a resounding yes. But it was Marlene and Merlin knew what the girl was trying to convince her of. Could be to put in a good word for Marlene to Fabian Prewett for all they knew. It was probably more likely than Marlene trying to get drinks for Sirius' party."I apologized, you can't put the blame on me for her choosing a snake over her own House's fun," Sirius grumbled, scowling out the window at the rain. He had been in an incredibly sour mood all day, punctuated only by his enjoyment of the gifts he had received from the other Marauders. Not even the extra attention from the girls of the school seemed to be cheering him up and Remus couldn't help but feel he deserved it."If she wants to be friends with Pucey, we should trust her judgement. Even James said he can't be that bad if she can stand to spend so much time with him," Remus pointed out carefully. "What you both said was uncalled for yesterday, I can't blame her for being upset.""That's because you're obsessed with her," Sirius hissed, his eyes flicking over to where Messalina was sitting. She did look rather nice today in what she always referred to as a 'Molly sweater' that had half a hundred MLs stitched into it and her hair falling loose around her shoulders. And yes, Remus had taken advantage of her napping by the fire to glance over at her every so often and yes he had expressed his anger with Sirius and Peter after she had stormed off the night before and yes he might talk about her more often than a friend would, but he wouldn't say he was obsessed."It's because-" Remus started, unsure of where he was going with that line, when he paused. Messalina and Marlene had gotten up from the spot in front of the fire and were making their way over to the Marauders' table. Marlene looked very pleased with herself, a smile on her face as she gestured to James and Lily still talking. Messalina, on the other hand, looked as though she was engaged in a 'who can look the picture of misery best' contest with Sirius and Remus thought she was winning. But he also might biased more towards her."Look, we're doing this because that," Marlene started (in a surprisingly low voice for her), jerking her head towards Lily. "Won't happen if we have girls night and you have stag night. And I want romance. And Lina has decided she can muster the strength to get the firewhisky for five galleons out of Sirius' own pockets.""Deal." A silence fell on the group as Sirius rummaged about in his bag for the money and Remus noticed Messalina was refusing to even look at Sirius and Peter, instead she stared at the heavy tome on Roman witches and wizards in front of him. N.E.W.T History of Magic wasn't an easy subject after all and he wondered fleetingly why Messalina, who seemed to know a great deal about history from her time bedridden as a child, had not pursued a subject she seemed genuinely interested in. "Here, Lucien."Sirius handed Messalina the coins and she pocketed them quickly, glaring at his outstretched hand. Just as she turned to walk away without a word, however, Marlene placed a hand on her forearm."I think you should take Remus with you, to help carry everything," Marlene said, a mischievous glint in her eyes that Remus did not like the look of at all. Messalina seemed oblivious to it thankfully as she just blinked in surprise. "Plus, Remus can keep a secret from those three, can't you Remus? For Lina?""Uh, yeah I can." Remus wanted to hit himself. He had meant to say 'oh I'd love to, but I need to stay with Sirius for his birthday' or some other inane excuse that would make no real sense but would at least keep him from wandering the castle with the girl of his dreams. But it seemed there was a disconnect between his brain and the rest of his body as he smiled at her."Can you? Keep a secret from them?" Messalina asked after a long moment made Remus wonder how awkward it would be if she refused his help. In the long run, he would be grateful but it might break his heart if it happened now. Remus nodded in response, unsure he could form a coherent sentence. "Okay, let's go then."It felt like a dream as Remus packed his homework back into his bag and asked Peter to take it back to their dorm if they left. He made sure to grab the Map from Sirius, ignoring the smug look his friend shot him. It certainly didn't feel real when he crossed the Common Room following Messalina, trying hard to concentrate on something other than the fact that they were going to be alone for Merlin knows how long, traipsing the corridors in search of more firewhisky than they could drink in a night."Can you keep a secret from them?" Messalina's voice reached him as the clambered through the Portrait Hole, ignoring the protests from the Fat Lady at being awoken from her nap. Messalina was looking at him in a thoughtful manner that made him certain she had deciphered all of his disappearances and his furry little problem. His stomach churned painfully as he nodded at her. "It's not so much that I don't want Potter or Peter to know as it is I can't have Sirius here with a new girl every week, the whole school would know about it within the month.""I can keep a secret," Remus promised, trying hard to ignore the way his heart soared when she smiled at him. "Where do you get it from anyways?""You'll see, you won't believe me if I tell you right now.""Oh really?""Seeing is believing, Remus Lupin. Have some faith."A silence fell over them as they walked and Remus wracked his brain to think of something, anything, to break the quiet. Bringing up the night before would doubtless just anger her again or even make her reflect on the fact that it had taken Remus a long time to stand up for her. Longer than even James, who she certainly wasn't friends with. He didn't want to ask about the twins either. According to his friends, she had seemed quite out of it during and after their Hogsmeade visit and Remus theorized it had something to do with being confronted by the realities of the War and being an Auror. He couldn't judge her for being wary about it and the last thing he wanted to do was make her remember how much danger her best friends were every day. But what was a safe subject? School seemed boring but safe and he supposed if he bored her, she might decide never to be alone with him for such a prolonged period again. And that be such a bad thing? His head said no but his heart ached at the thought."Why didn't you take N.E.W.T. History of Magic?" His question hung in the air for several seconds and she looked up at him in surprise."I only need the five N.E.W.T.s to get into the Auror program. So I stopped taking it when I didn't have to anymore, but I do still enjoy reading about the histories when I have the time. It's more enjoyable than the class. I'd hardly call Binns the best orator, would you?""I do kind of regret taking the class," Remus admitted, grateful he had been able to keep 'I only took it because I thought you'd be in it' to himself. "He bores me to sleep almost every lecture.""Even with the Romans? I couldn't help but notice the book you were reading in the Common Room.""To be honest, I've scarcely done more than memorized a few events for my essays. I'm expecting a T on the exam.""Have you learned about my namesake yet? She's rather fascinating." Messalina asked, grabbing his arm absentmindedly to led him up a staircase. He tried to focus on the questioning look on her face and the intent look in her eyes rather than the residual warmth her hand had left on his forearm. She had only placed her hand there long enough to indicate they were changing directions but it felt as though it had been there for far longer. He could do nothing but shake his head, knowing he would stutter if he answered her actual question."Well, she was a witch that married the Emperor of the Roman Empire. They were second cousins, but he was a squib and the family worried what would happen if a muggle child gained power," she began, a small smile on her face as she recounted the story. "She kept him under her spell, if you want to use the muggle phrasing as Lily does, using Amortentia. She was rather ruthless, believing she could perpetuate pureblood supremacy across the empire. She was very powerful for a time, essentially running the entire empire and banishing and exiling all who went against her. Her beauty and cleverness got her very far, but in the end she gave her husband an inferior batch of Amortentia and he came to his senses and had her killed for her wickedness.""A rather anticlimactic end for such a woman.""She paved the way for years of pureblood supremacy in the empire, my family heralds her as a type of savior. There's a portrait of her in one of the hallways at the manor. They're rather attracted to her ambitious nature and beauty. They hoped a child named for such a powerful witch may have similar characteristics," Messalina explained, rolling her eyes and grinning at Remus. "Unfortunately for them, it didn't exactly work out that way.""It's their loss." Remus was surprised by the confidence in his declaration but was pleased to see Messalina flush ever so slightly. "That was much more interesting than one of Binns' lectures. He just rambles on about nothing. If you get tired of being an Auror, you ought to replace Binns.""I hope there is a day when Aurors leave of their own accord." Her response lacked the lightheartness the rest of their conversation had and Remus cursed himself internally for ruining the mood. Suddenly the idea of her not wanting to be alone with him wasn't so appealing. Before he could think of how to salvage the moment, she stopped walking and offered him a dazzling smile. "We're here."Here turned out to be a corridor on the seventh floor across the way from a tapestry of some fellow trying to teach trolls how to ballet dance. There was no door, just smooth expanses of stone and torches. Remus had walked past this location multiple times when the Marauders had been trying to figure out where the firewhisky had come from but they had never been able to find it. And they had been in the right place all along it seemed."Uh, Lina, how exactly do you get the firewhisky?""We'll get to that. Come over here," she said, grabbing his arm and dragging him a bit further down the hallway. "Now, we're going to walk past the spot directly across from those ugly trolls three times. You need to think exactly this and only this: 'I need somewhere that will give me enough firewhisky for an eternity'.""Lina-""Have some faith. Believe that room exists, okay?" Before he could answer, her hand moved from his forearm to hold his own hand and suddenly Remus' worry wasn't that the room wasn't real but that he would never be able to feel anything better than this. Of her fingers intertwined with his own and the soft look in her eyes as she gazed up at him. He nodded, swallowing hard and she squeezed his hand before pulling him through the corridor again.Remus tried to think of what she had told him, he really did, but he wasn't sure his concentration had ever been so weak. She was determined for it to work, though, as she dragged him across the walkway three times before coming to a stop in front of a bright red door that Remus knew had not been there several moments ago. He gaped at her and she laughed aloud, pulling her hand from his to reach for the door handle."I told you it would work," she teased, yanking the door open and gesturing for Remus to step inside the room. Certain she had played some sort of trick on him and when he tried to enter he would discover it was an illusion and he would hit the wall, Remus still stepped inside. His fears were disconfirmed when he realized he was indeed inside a massive room and he stared at Messalina as she stepped in behind him and closed the door.The room was huge, likely the size of the Great Hall if not even larger. There were rows and rows of shelves, each adorned with a half a hundred bottles of firewhisky and from where Remus was standing, he could see over ten different labels marking a new brand. It felt as though all firewhisky drank in the world had to come from this room as there was no other explanation for why it would exist. He knew his mouth was open right around the time he realized Messalina was laughing at him and he tore his gaze from the room to look down at her."How did you even find this place? What is this place?""Molly found it when she was a seventh year trying to avoid detention. Her and Arthur were running away from the old caretaker and when Arthur got caught, she'd gotten lost in the corridor and went by this spot three times before a broom closet door appeared and she hid in it. Naturally, the twins found out about it somehow and when they came to Hogwarts, they set out to figure out how a broom closet can appear from nowhere," she explained, walking forward to examine the first row of firewhisky. "By the time I got here in their second year, they had already learned the room's secrets.""How can it be both a broom closet and whatever this is?""That's what the twins wanted to know. See, when they were first investigating it, they got the broom closet because that's what they were thinking about. The next time they tried, they got a place to hide things because they wanted to stash a Playwitch magazine they'd stolen from Archie Wood. By the time they trusted me with the secret, they had found over fifty different rooms here. Do you see what the trick to it is yet?""It turns into whatever you're thinking about when you walk by?" Remus answered, hoping he didn't sound a fool. His fear was quickly quashed, though, as Messalina gave him a delighted smile and nodded her head."You're very clever, Remus Lupin.""What do you call this place?" He asked, pulling his eyes away from hers and clearing his throat. Had it suddenly become very hot and stifling in the room or had it always been this warm? Messalina's face looked flushed and he contented himself to think the room was just warm. Because you store firewhisky in a warm room, a little voice in the back of his head whispered and he shook his head to clear any of those types of thoughts from his head."We call it the Come and Go Room, which is why I'd prefer Sirius not find out about it, he'd take that name rather literally," she replied, pulling a second bottle of firewhisky off the shelf and muttering a quick spell to shrink it to a fifth of its size. She shoved it into the pocket of her jacket, gesturing for him to follow her as she made her way to a new row and a new brand. "We asked the house elves about it once, they call it the Room of Requirement for the most part though a few preferred our name to that one.""What else do you use it for?" Please say you never brought Dearborn here, please say you never brought Dearborn here, he thought to himself. He could scarcely handle seeing them snogging or hearing Dearborn announce to the school that they'd been doing much more than that, he would not be able to breathe if she said some of those activities had taken place in this strange room."To get away for an afternoon of just the three of us. To study sometimes if the Common Room or library were too busy. Not much else, really. It was a rule, you see, to never bring another person here. Only a member of our trio could come here, no other friends or boyfriends or girlfriends allowed. Lily's never even been here before, she thinks we steal the firewhisky from the professors. This is the first time I've even been here this year.""Then how come I'm here?""They've graduated and I needed a hand carrying all this stuff back, like Marlene said," Messalina said and Remus wondered if it was his imagination or if she was refusing to look at him. She put another shrunken bottle of firewhisky in her pocket and something told Remus she was lying. "Do you mind shrinking some bottles too? I'd rather like to see Black get drunk enough to try something on Marlene as always. It does wonders for my anger to see him embarrassed.""What were the galleons for if all this is free?""I'm rather partial to spoiling my nephews," she said with a laugh. "And it adds to the mystery of it all."When Messalina was contented that they had enough bottles for the party and then some, she began to make her way back towards the door, much to Remus' disappointment. He tried hard to think of something he could do that would show her he was just as 'cool' as she was. That he had a secret that would draw amazement from her just as hers had for him. His furry little problem was just about as far from that as possible and the only real secret he could think of aside from that were the animagi but that wasn't his secret to share and there was no way he could explain it without mentioning the furry little problem. Just as he was able to head off after her, he remembered the Map shoved into the back of his jeans. He pulled it out, jogging over to her as she made to open the door."Lina! I have something to show you," he declared, waving the Map at her. She furrowed her brow but seemed determined to flatter him by acting like a blank bit of old parchment was as fascinating as a room that takes a different shape depending on a person's needs. His friends would kill him if they found out he showed her this, but he was driven by a desire to seem just as interesting as she was and he would face the consequences later. "Can you keep a secret?""I'd thought that would be obvious by now.""Well yeah I suppose," he said sheepishly, rubbing his hand across the back of his neck nervously as she gave him an appraising look."I'll keep whatever you show me a secret if you do the same with this room," she promised, stepping away from the door and towards him. She trailed after him as he searched the room for a flat surface and he wondered fleetingly if she thought he had gone mad. At least if she had, she was determined to see it through to the end.He finally found a flat table after several moments of combing the shelves and he led her over to it. Handing her the Map, he tried to ignore how close they were standing and just how hot the room felt. She looked up at him expectantly, likely thinking she might as well pitch the parchment and return to her friends in the Common Room. Just as she opened her mouth, Remus pulled his wand out and pressed it into the parchment. "I solemnly swear I am up to no good."The look of genuine shock and awe on Messalina's face was worth whatever fight would break out if the other Marauders found out he had shared their most sacred artifact with a girl Sirius openly disliked and did not trust."Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Makers are proud to present The Marauder's Map," she whispered, amazement evident in her tone. Remus wondered if this was how surprised he had looked when she had opened the door to the room and he smiled widely."Here, I'll show you the whole Map," he said, taking it from her hands and spreading the whole parchment across the table. Messalina's eyes were wide as she took in the detailed layout of the grounds, her hands reaching forward to trace their friends' footprints in the Common Room."You lot made this? How is that even possible?""As I'm sure you know, Lily Evans is very good at Charms. And you may recall James spent a lot of time in the library at the beginning of fourth year trying to get better at the subject to impress her. He found this charm in a book that lets whoever holds a document track everyone who enters a plotted area. It took a long time to figure out how to get the charm to work so we took all of fourth and fifth year plotting everything we knew about the castle and just after O.W.L.s, James was able to Charm the Map to show everyone," Remus explained, watching as Messalina took in the Map. She truly was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen and the idea that he could bring such a look of wonderment to her face made his heart soar."So this is how you get away with all the pranks? Well, some of the pranks I should say.""It comes in very handy for all those who wish to cause mischief.""How come the other boys aren't on here?" She asked, her brows furrowed as she gazed at the Common Room."We made it so our names would only show up to the other Marauders, so if the Map fell into the wrong hands, they couldn't see what were doing.""Fascinating," she breathed, turning to face Remus. He had not realized just how close they were and just as he went to take a step back, her hand grabbed his and kept him place. Her dark eyes were gazing up at him, the amazement still evident and Remus swallowed hard. His mouth felt like sandpaper and he felt powerless to move as her eyes flicked to his lips. He had never wanted something so much in his life and yet as the moment he had spent years dreaming about seemed about to come to fruition, he knew it could not happen. It took Messalina moving ever so slightly towards him for whatever shock had come over him to wear off.Here, standing so close he could almost feel her breath on his face, was a girl that was going places. One of the best young women he had ever had the opportunity to meet. Selfless, brave, wicked smart, and beautiful. He could scarcely believe she was interested in being friends with him, yet she was willing to go even further with him if what he thought was happening way happening. She was interested in him. A werewolf that would never hold a steady job, would never be accepted within polite wizarding society, and would spend his adult life as an outcast. He was scarred and would be even more so after each full moon. She deserved so much more and just because she didn't know it, he wouldn't take advantage of her. He respected who she was more than he wanted the fantasy of her.He jerked away from her at the realization, wrenching his hand from hers and taking several steps back. He was breathing hard, looking everywhere but at her as he fought to keep himself steady. Despite blatantly trying to avoid looking at her, he could tell she was mortified as she stammered an apology followed quickly by an urgent need to get back to the Common Room. Remus could do nothing but stand there, the sound of his heart beating the only thing he could hear, and watch as the girl of his dreams walked away as quickly as she could without running. His eyes fell to the Map when she made it to the corridor and he watched as her footsteps took off rapidly in the direction of the Common Room.How long he stood there, he wasn't sure. It was long enough to see her footprints make it to the Common Room and pause at the spots in front of the fireplace where the other seventh years were lounging. He watched as she moved away from them and moved quickly up the stairs to her dorm, Lily following closely after. He had to look away when they made it to the dorm, certain no one had ever felt such heart ache as he did in that moment.But despite the ache in his chest, he knew he had done the right thing. She deserved better than a dangerous werewolf who could provide nothing to her, the girl who deserved everything. Not getting involved was the right thing to do. Right?

My apologies for the delay on getting this chapter out - I had some terrible writer's block and accidentally re-kindled my love for Game of Thrones fanfics. But I'm back!A huge thanks to mmauney12 for their review on the last chapter, getting the notification someone has reviewed is the best feeling after I post and I appreciate your continued support! Originally, this chapter was going to skip over Messalina's side of things but I revamped this chapter just for you! I hope you like it! And to the other 193 of you that read the last chapter - please review! Getting feedback means much faster chapters and I always take any suggestions into consideration. Previously on Above All Others: Messalina headed off to the Come and Go Room with Remus to get enough firewhisky to get all of Gryffindor House drunk for Sirius' birthday. She makes a move on Remus after he shows her the Marauder's Map only to have Remus reject her. Mortified. Humiliated. Embarrassed. All words that could describe how Messalina felt as she fled the Come and Go Room, her face redder than it had ever been and her heart in her throat. She had been so sure that she had been picking up signals from Remus that he was interested and had assumed he was too shy to ever make a move first. How wrong she had been. He had flinched away from her advances, nearly as white as Nearly Headless Nick, a look of horror on his face at the idea of kissing her. After he had sprung away from her, he had looked anywhere but at her, his eyes fixating on a spot somewhere above her head as she was barely able to muster an apology, the words sticking in her throat as she tried desperately to remain somewhat composed.The walk, perhaps more aptly referred to as a sprint, back to the Common Room was a blur. She focused on little else than trying her hardest not to cry lest anyone ask her any questions about the cause. If she was on the brink of tears now, having to tell someone she had been soundly rejected by a boy she rather liked would have the waterworks appearing in seconds.Messalina wondered if she had ever been so wrong in her life to have assumed Remus was as interested in her as she was in him and briefly considered writing the twins to tell them she was an awful judge of character. There was no way on earth she could handpick people for an anti-Death Eater group if she couldn't detect when a boy was interested, or in this case very much not interested, in pursuing anything with her.She burst into the Common Room seemingly only seconds after leaving Remus behind, her ragged breathing leaving her chest aching and the stitch in her side burning. Messalina was fairly confident that if she was not able to deliver the promised goods within the next few minutes she would have to forfeit the mission to keep from bawling in front of the entire assembled House.Thankfully, the rest of the seventh years were lounging in plain view around the fireplace talking about Merlin knew what and seemed to be in a generally good mood. Lily looked confused by whatever turn of events landed her between Potter and Peter and she looked up at Messalina with relief as she approached. The smile faltered as Messalina neared, the scowl on her face likely enough to sour anyone's mood. Trying to put on a somewhat pleasant face so none of the others would notice what Lily had and ask her any questions, Messalina was able to muster something between a frown and a grimace. It was not her best work."How'd it go?" Lily asked, her eyebrows furrowed and lips pressed firmly together."I got what you asked for," Messalina told Black directly, emptying her pockets onto a spare spot on the couch and ignoring Lily's pointed question. Focusing solely at one of her least favorite people in the school was doing wonders for her ability to stay composed. She was fairly certain she'd rather face the Dementor's Kiss than cry in front of Sirius Black after all."Where's Remus?" Merlin curse Peter Pettigrew, she thought darkly in response to his ill-timed question and she could do nothing but shrug."He took another way back. I don't feel well, I'm going to take a nap," she replied abruptly, turning on her heel and marching off in the direction of the staircase. It was certainly the rudest she had been in a long time, but she could not find it in herself to care. If they wanted to know so terribly what had gone on in their search for firewhisky, they could ask Remus for all she cared. Had he been someone else, she might have feared he would make a joke of the whole thing, but Remus was too good for such a thing. He would be honorable to the last, or at least she believed so, but she had failed to pick up on signs from him before.She ignored the soft sounds of what were surely Lily's footsteps her up the staircase, knowing if she was to face the other girl prematurely, she might burst into angry tears right there for all the Gryffindor girls to see. Messalina thanked whoever built the school for putting charms to prevent boys from making their way up the girls' staircases - she would not have felt near as comfortable if there was a remote possibility of one of the Marauders chasing after her, eager to hear about what had happened. She was not so grateful that they positioned every dorm in the order of its occupants year, meaning she had to make her way to the very top of the staircase to find her sanctuary and delay her feelings.Throwing the door to her dormitory open with as much force as she could muster, Messalina stormed over to her bed and threw herself on it. She glared up at the scarlet curtains that hung over and around her bed, tears pricking at the corners of her eyes and her throat closing."Are you okay, Lina?" Lily's voice was soft and gentle, not unlike how one might try to avoid spooking an animal in Care of Magical Creatures. The door creaked as Lily closed it behind her, the sounds of the merriment and excitement from the preparations for Black's party shut out. When the end of the bed near her feet dipped down and the covers rustled, Messalina flicked her eyes from the ceiling to her friend. "What happened?"Having told herself she would brush off any questions about the events of the last two hours, Messalina opened her mouth to say just that she thought she had something bad and might vomit. But the look of concern on Lily's face made the words stall in her throat and instead she found herself telling Lily everything, conveniently leaving out exactly where it had happened and what they had been looking at when Remus had leapt away from her advances as though they had physically harmed him. By the end of it, she could no longer look at Lily, the embarrassment forcing her to avert her eyes and stare down at her hands as though they were the most fascinating thing in the wizarding world."I ought to have actually kept to my decision to swear off boys," Messalina finished her story miserably, rolling over and groaning into her pillow. She was surprised she had been able to make it through without sobbing but the effort to hold it together had exhausted her. "This is karma, I broke a promise to myself and now I have to pay. I'm such an idiot.""Don't be ridiculous." Lily's stern voice was enough to make Messalina lift her head from the pillow and look at her friend in surprise. "We all thought there was something between the two of you. And you promised to be done with arrogant toerags - it might be karma if you'd tried to snog Black. But Remus isn't like that, he must have a reason for what happened.""Yeah, his reason is that he doesn't like me." Messalina grumbled, throwing an arm over her eyes and sighing. Remus not reciprocating her feelings stung more than she wanted to admit - it certainly felt much more real compared to when Benjy Fenwick had broken up with her in fifth year. But she hadn't expected it to feel remotely the same. Benjy Fenwick had been a passing fancy, a relationship born more from the desire to fit in with her friends who were also dating rather than genuine feelings. But Remus Lupin was more than that.She liked him. She liked the way he always seemed so attuned to her emotions and knew what to say and do. She liked the way his green eyes, so brilliant and bright with their gold flecks, fixed on her when she spoke. She liked the way his smile lit up his face and softened his features. She liked his cleverness, not as obnoxious as his friends, but deeper somehow and more meaningful. She liked how he could keep up with her in conversation about coursework without it feeling as though he was trying to make himself seem smarter than her. She liked the way she felt when they spent time together and almost longed for their encounters never to end. She had thought he felt the same way about her. But she had been so wrong and had lost a friend. Even if he didn't hold it against her in their friendship, she couldn't bear to be so close to him knowing he would never feel as she did. The embarassment alone would kill her, let alone having to face whatever emotion made her feel like her chest was caving in."I don't think so," Lily said cautiously and Messalina removed her arm from her eyes long enough to glare at the girl. "Don't give me that stink eye, Lina! I think it's far more likely that he has some other reason than not liking you back. I saw how he was looking at you on the platform - blushing and smiling. I've never known him to look at anyone like that.""You never told me that before." Messalina tried to contain the bolt of hope that slashed through her chest briefly but it seemed to have a mind of its own."I was going to keep it a secret, but I can't handle seeing you like this.""That was ages ago, he probably thought I was decent looking. And then we became friends and he realized I wasn't who he thought I was," Messalina mumbled. The hope that briefly reared its head dissipated at the idea and she scowled up at the ceiling. Below them, cheers arose as music began to blast from the Wizarding Wireless Network - a sure sign that Black's party had begun. "You should go downstairs, Lily. I think I'm determined to be upset tonight and I don't want to drag you down with me.""Lina-""Go have some fun, don't think I haven't noticed how you look at James Potter," Messalina teased, ignoring the stab of jealousy at the idea of reciprocated adoration. Lily blushed spectacularly, immediately averting her eyes from Messalina's to stare at the photos of the Prewett-Weasley clan that had been stuck against the wall."I don't know what you're talking about.""You don't need to lie, Lily," Messalina said softly, sitting up and putting her hand on Lily's arm. "I don't think anyone is going to try to put you in St. Mungo's for saying James Potter isn't as bad of a guy as we'd thought.""Acting different for two months doesn't mean he's changed." Lily's voice was stiff and Messalina didn't object, instead she gave Lily's arm a tight squeeze."Lily-" Whatever she had been going to say next was lost as the sound of glass breaking from somewhere down below disturbed the relative quiet of their room and Lily flinched."See? They can't even have a party for five minutes without someone breaking something - they're wore than those dumb the wild animals they've nicknamed themselves after.""Why don't you go all mother bear on them? Maybe they need someone to look out for them.""I'm supposed to look out for you, Lina. Not the Marauders," Lily said pointedly, giving Messalina a stern look."I'll be fine, Lily. One day we'll laugh about this," Messalina lied, hoping that there was more truth in her statement than she anticipated. The weight on her chest seemed unbearable and she offered Lily a weak smile. "Go keep an eye on them."As though the Gryffindors at the party below heard her, another crash came and Lily threw her head back with a groan. Messalina chuckled as her friend glared at the door."Promise me you'll let me know if you need me?" The sincerity in Lily's voice made Messalina feel slightly guilty as she nodded, knowing full well there was no chance she would be showing her face in public for as long as possible. Could she pass her N.E.W.T.s without ever going to class again? Would the house elves deliver food to her bedside? "Lina, I love you. And if Remus doesn't see how perfect you are, he's an even bigger fool than his friends.""Thanks, Lils. I love you too." Lily leaned forward, enveloping Messalina in a tight hug that made her wonder if Lily was intentionally trying to break her ribs. Lily offered her a sympathetic smile as she stood and crossed the room and Messalina collapsed back against her pillows the second Lily crossed the threshold.Glaring up at the scarlet curtains hanging over her bed, Messalina resisted the urge to scream. Music was filtering in through the closed door, something about hippogriffs finding love, and she groaned. The song had been on heavy repeat at the last party before the twins graduated the previous year and she longed for them. Lily was so kind and dedicated, a far better friend than Messalina believed she deserved, but the twins would know exactly what to say. They always knew what to do.Groaning, Messalina reached out and jerked the curtains around her bed closed. Casting a quick silencing spell to ward off the music, she scowled at the top of her bed and wished she could go back a couple hours to tell herself not to fall for Marlene's trick. Sorry Lily, but she'd rather have had the girls night she was promised and have Lily not interact with Potter than be laying in bed by herself with her heart ripped out. This is what she gets for deviating from her plan to focus on being an Auror. For being stupid.A few tears ran down the corners of her eyes at the thought and Messalina wiped them away furiously. She was a fool for thinking romance was a good idea at a time like this. Fabian and Gideon asked her to try to recruit people to stop You-Know-Who and a week later she thought it was a good idea to try to pursue something. She sighed deeply and rolled her eyes. Would she ever stop feeling like a foolish little girl?She asked herself that same question every few moments for the rest of the weekend, avoiding her friends' questions and sympathetic looks, sneaking though the halls to the kitchens, and studying at her desk rather than in the Common Room. There would be no facing Remus when she still felt so raw, at least not until she had to. And as she sat at her desk in DADA, yawning from waking up early enough to slink down to the classroom unseen, she stabbed at the wood desk with the tip of her quill at the thought of Remus entering the classroom soon. Her stomach roiled at the idea of having to walk to Herbology with Lily, Peter, and Remus afterwards. If it wasn't for her dedication to getting the N.E.W.T.s she needed, she would have seriously considered skipping or pretending to be ill enough to go to the Hospital Wing. If only she was as cavalier about her education as Potter and Black. Her life would certainly be a lot easier."What's got you in such a mood?" Graham Pucey's voice drew her from her thoughts and she turned to look at her partner. He appeared to be a good mood judging by the smirk on his face and the twinkle in his eyes. It wasn't hard to see why half of the girls in the school fawned over him. Had Remus not been in the picture, Messalina likely would've been a secret admirer herself."Nothing," she grumbled back, stabbing her quill into the desk once again."I didn't know you'd nicknamed Lupin 'Nothing'," Graham muttered, flicking his eyes towards the back of the room where if the voices were any indication, the Marauders had just arrived with Lily and Marlene."I don't know what you're talking about and I am going to ignore you now," Messalina replied, cursing Vector for putting everyone in seats according to their placement and pairing in the class. She and Pucey were in the very front row, closest to Vector's desk and the demonstration space, as the top pupils and Snape and Remus were assigned the desk right behind them. Snape was notably absent, he liked to walk into class at the very last minute, likely to avoid having to associate with Remus for longer than strictly necessary."You can't fool me, love," Graham replied, giving Messalina one last smile before sitting back in his seat and looking to the front of the room, clearly all too pleased with himself."Your deduction skills aren't nearly as good as you think they are," Messalina hissed at him, all too aware Remus would be approaching within a few seconds. "It doesn't count when the person you're profiling has already told you the information you're pretending to have gleaned yourself."Graham looked at her in mock outrage and Messalina rolled her eyes, turning to face the ancient desk set up at the front of the room as the chair behind her was pulled out and someone sat down. It didn't take a trained Auror to know it was Remus taking his place directly behind her."What do you think we're up to today?" Graham asked, jerking his head in the direction of the desk."Knowing Vector, something the Ministry would probably prefer we didn't.""I'm thinking boggarts, I heard they were on the practical last year.""Bold to think Vector teaches us based on the exam," Messalina replied, thinking back to his lesson on Dark creatures a few weeks before that could be described as more of skimming over than an in-depth lecture despite it being a likely area for the exams. He hadn't even covered werewolves after all and Messalina made a mental note to go to the library while everyone else was at dinner to see if she could get some review material on werewolves as a refresher."BOGGARTS!" The door to Vector's office was thrown open with more force than expected and Messalina turned her attention upwards to see the old man hobbling down the stairs. Had she not been aware of who he was, she would've worried about seeing a man of his age heading down such a treacherous set of stairs. "I've reviewed the materials your so called 'DADA professors' left behind and seen they have avoided exposing you to boggarts. Probably too afraid of seeing their own fears staring back at them - idiots. If you're to go out there into the real world where Dumbledore can't save you, you need to know how to get over your fears! Lupin!"Messalina almost turned to face Remus when his name was unexpectedly shouted, but her self-preservation kicked in at almost the last minute and she stared resolutely ahead. Vector had made it to the main level and was leaning heavily on his cane, staring at a spot just above her head."Sir?""What's the charm against a boggart?""Riddikulus, sir," Remus' voice came from directly behind her and Messalina swallowed heavily."Good, Lupin. Boggarts like dark, confined spaces so it shouldn't be hard to imagine one in this desk," Vector explained, tapping at the ancient, almost crumbling desk in front of him. "Now, you should have all learned the incantation and wand movement in the assigned reading from last week. And if you haven't - I will know about your ineptitude when it is your turn to face it!""Something tells me Pettigrew isn't too happy right now," Pucey murmured out of the side of his mouth and Messalina chanced a glance to the side to see Peter had turned a dark shade of red. Serves him right for being such a prat on Friday night, Messalina thought, turning her head back to the front."Lupin get up here! You seem knowledgeable enough about it, you'll open this drawer when I tell you to and get out of the way of it. The rest of you - get in a line in the middle of the room this instant!" The class scrambled to do as it was told and Messalina was too lost in her own thoughts about why on earth it was Lupin that was selected for the special job that she did not realize her classmates were not nearly as eager to show off to Vector what they knew. As a result, she stood in the front of the line with the rest of the students at least five feet behind her. Even Pucey, ever so vigilant and willing to prove himself, was nowhere to be seen. Sometimes she was surprised she hadn't been put into Slytherin after all. If blind ambition was the only qualifier for that House, she would have been a great fit.Vector hobbled over to the side of the room, evidently prepared to intervene if necessary but looking severely over the rest of the line. "Lupin, when Lucien says she's ready, open it."Resisting the urge to scowl at Vector for forcing her to interact with Remus, Messalina squared her shoulders and looked towards Remus for the first time in almost two days. He looked exhausted, his robes more untidy than usual and his hair bedraggled. Concern was clear on his face as he looked between Vector, Messalina, and the rest of the class quickly.Before she could lose her confidence in the face of the embarrassment she had suffered, Messalina nodded to Remus. "I'm ready."It was almost as though time had stopped as Remus pulled open the drawer in slow motion. Her breath hitched in her throat as a familiar hand appeared on the edge of the wood, its manicured fingers gripping the side so tightly the knuckles turned white. Ever so slowly, a figure emerged from the drawer. Its body was contorted as it made its way out of such a tight, cramped spot and several seconds had gone by before it stepped onto the smooth floor of the room and stood to its full height.Messalina stared at it, her heart beating so fast she thought it might explode. She could hear nothing but her heartbeat, each pulse point in her body practically vibrating with the force. The figure walked slowly ("Don't you ever run in this house, Messalina!") and elegantly ("Next time you slouch in polite company, you won't like what happens!") towards her and Messalina swallowed the remains of whatever saliva was in her mouth.Had it not been for the robes, Messalina might have thought she was looking in a mirror at a distance. The other Messalina, the girl she was born to be, stared back at her coolly, her eyes vacant of any emotion but disdain and disgust. Her hair was sleek and shining with what was probably several galleons worth of haircare. Her mouth was screwed up in revulsion as she stared at the real Messalina. The other was adorned in emeralds and silver - jewelry Messalina had not worn since her Sorting. The other's eyes raked over the scar on her right side by her jaw from when a fanged geranium chomped on her in fifth year Herbology.Messalina wondered faintly if she was going to pass out from lack of blood to her brain. She could do nothing but gape at the Slytherin version of herself, the person she would have been if the Sorting Hat had made another decision. A pureblood with rage against people raised in a different world for no reason. Someone she was certain she would have become. There was no doubt in her mind this would have been her future if she had been a Slytherin. A future Death Eater if Antonin was any indication of her future. She wouldn't be surprised if the boggart lifted its robes to show the Dark Mark etched into its forearm.The other Messalina opened its mouth to say something and the movement was enough to separate Messalina from her shock. Exhaling a breath she hadn't realized she was holding, Messalina raised her wand slowly. She was stunned her hand and arm weren't shaking and thanked Merlin the house elves had given her a stout breakfast."Riddikulus," she all but shouted, her voice shaking but strong enough to do what she wanted it to. The other Messalina reeled backwards, tripping on the edge of the robes and falling onto its back ungracefully. Messalina took a few steps backward herself, keeping an eye on the boggart until Jenny Connors stepped forward and it transformed into a gigantic spider.Turning on her heel, Messalina strode quickly to the back of the room trying as hard as she could not to appear shaken. That version of herself was a fear she had not shared with anyone, knowing they would rationalize it away by saying she was who she was and that was why she was in Gryffindor. But Messalina knew that wasn't true. It would have been so easy to fall into the dream her family had for her. Only a few different choices and that would have been her.If she hadn't begged her parents to let her go to Hogwarts or if the Healers had said she ought not to go. If her scrofungulus had chosen to act up one more time before she left for Hogwarts. If she had been bolder and more willing to challenge the Sorting Hat while it was still on her head. If the Sorting Hat had allowed her to do what she had always wanted as an eleven year old - follow in the footsteps of her family. Be a great Lucien. Make the Dolohov line proud. Marry Evan Rosier or some other perfect match and have perfect blonde pureblood babies to further their sacred bloodlines. Spend copious amounts of money from one of the largest Gringotts accounts. Support the Death Eaters. Watch as her husband left in the night to terrorize Muggles. Hate Lily. Despise the Prewetts for being blood traitors. Want to kill-"Lina, are you okay?" Lily's timid voice broke her from her internal monologue and Messalina jerked around face her dorm mates' concerned faces. There were a few stray tears on her cheeks and Messalina raced to wipe them away with the back of her hand before any of the other students noticed. Her throat felt choked and she cleared it roughly, hoping she was the only one who noticed the state she was in. It seemed she had not succeeded as Marlene had gone quiet pale, her dark hair looking almost black in contrast. Lily was staring at Messalina, her eyebrows furrowed and her green eyes questioning."I'm fine. Glad to have that over with," Messalina replied softly, the confidence she had exhibited in front of the boggart only a few moments before having left her feeling weak and peaky. She wished her bag was with her rather than sitting in the front of the room by the boggart - she felt rather in need of a good hunk of Honeyduke's chocolate - but there was not a chance she would be going to get her bag until that thing was banished. Even if she knew one bite of chocolate would make her feel better as Gwen Prewett always espoused."We thought Remus was going to intervene," Lily confided quietly as Messalina joined them. "He looked like he was in pain.""It's not fun to be in front of it. I imagine its not much fun watching either," Messalina countered, feeling too unsteady to argue any more. She moved to the back of the classroom without another word, leaning against a wall and staring over the grounds. She had no interest in watching the other students combat their worst fears. Numbness seemed to have settled over her as she gazed at the Whomping Willow, watching its limbs stretching and flexing in the wind.Vector had accomplished what he had set out to do. She had faced her worst fear and come out on the other side. But she didn't feel empowered or grateful for the experience. Instead, it would be a minor miracle if she did not throw up the contents of her stomach on the floor of the classroom. She had broken out into a cold sweat when she was facing the boggart and even now beads of sweat were running down her back and Messalina knew the icy cold sensation was exactly what it would feel like if the boggart had touched her. Despite the sun coming in through the window, Messalina felt as though she was in the dungeons shivering and wrapped an arm around herself to ward off the feeling of being utterly alone despite the shouts and gasps behind her."Lina?" Lily's voice was in her ear what felt like a moment later, but when Messalina turned to face her, the classroom was empty aside from Lily, Remus, and Peter. Lily was holding Messalina's bag in her hand, a strained smile on her face. Peter looked equally concerned, if not also ashamed of how he had acted over the weekend judging by how he refused to meet Messalina's eyes. Remus seemed to have gotten over whatever visceral reaction had to her presence as he looked her over, a frown etched onto his scarred face. "Are you okay?""I'm fine. Let's go to Herbology," Messalina mumbled, tearing her eyes away from Remus. She accepted her bag from Lily, scowling when the girl offered her a signature 'we will be talking about this later and there is no way you will talk me out of it' look. The boys trailed behind them and Messalina wondered if there would ever be a time when she didn't feel awkward around Remus. When she didn't wish she had a time turner so she could go back and save whatever friendship they had had. It certainly seemed unlikely given that she wanted nothing more than to get a time turner to stop herself from being so stupid."Lina, could I talk to you for a second?" Remus' voice was gentle, not at all unlike what Lily had sounded like when she tried not to spook her two days before. Messalina wondered if it was all in her head briefly, though the pointed look on Lily's face told her all she needed to know. No matter how much she wanted to say no, Messalina found herself looking over her shoulder at Remus and nodding. He was at looking at her straight on now, his green eyes boring into her and making her feel as though he could see right through her. She wondered if he could sense how upset she was.At her nod, Lily grabbed Peter's arm and practically dragged him down the corridor with more strength than Messalina knew she had. She smiled faintly as she listened to Peter's objections that he was grown and could walk by himself, thank you very much. When Lily and Peter turned the corner and were out of sight, Messalina turned to face Remus once again with a sigh."How are you?" Remus asked, grimacing as soon as the question left his mouth and shaking his head. "Sorry, I'm sure you've...I just mean are you okay after what happened in there? Vector should've warned us beforehand what was going on.""I'll be okay, Remus," Messalina replied softly, averting her eyes so she didn't have to see the concern in his own. She could only take so much heartache in one day. "It wasn't anything I didn't expect when I went up there.""I know you don't think so, but you're one of the bravest people I've ever met.""I think you mean stupidest, Remus.""I know what I mean." The strength in his voice took her by surprise and she lifted her eyes from the tile to look at him. He had taken a step towards her, looking as though he had made his mind up about something."Look, Remus, I'm so so sorry about Saturday. I really thought-" She began, the words sticking in her throat before coming out in a stream of consciousness. "It doesn't matter what I thought, I'm just so sorry...""Lina, you don't have to be sorry. I'm the one that should be apologizing. I should've explained what happened instead of letting you leave, I feel a right prat at the moment," Remus explained, stepping closer slightly before taking a larger step back and taking a deep breath to steady himself."No, I shouldn't have-" Messalina started, but Remus interrupted her before she could even figure out what she had opened her mouth to say. She shouldn't have what? Tried to kiss her friend when they were having the definition of a friendly time. Listened to her friends' insistence that she and Remus should date. Taken him to the Come and Go Room knowing she wanted to be more than friends."Lina, in another life, under different circumstances, I would have asked you out years ago. But I'm really just trying to focus on school. And I know I've sent mixed signals and...I'm just really sorry," Remus finished lamely, averting his eyes and staring at his shoes. He had turned quite an impressive shade of red and Messalina had to kick herself internally for noting how adorable he looked when he was flustered."It's fine, Remus. It really is, I promise," she assured him, wondering halfheartedly if they were going to make it to Herbology on time and asking herself why she even thought that mattered anymore. "Please, can we just forget it and be friends?""I would like that," Remus replied, offering her a small smile that she was quick to return."Good, I was worried you wouldn't want anything to do with me," Messalina admitted."That could never be true.""Good.""Walk with me to Herbology?" Remus asked, a hopeful grin on his face that made Messalina laugh. It felt nice to not be in such an awkward state and to have worked things out, even if the answers weren't the ones she had wanted to hear. What did 'in another life, in different circumstances' mean? Maybe the twins were right and he was sick or something. She'd have to keep an eye on that if she wanted to decipher what he was talking about.

As always, a huge thank you to my reviewer on the last chapter mmauney12, whose reviews are the only reason this story keeps getting updated. And to everyone else reading, let me know what you're thinking in the reviews! It always makes my day to get the alert that someone has taken the time to post something and it means faster, better quality chapters. And for everyone who read the last chapter before August 11th, I went back and revised the ending of the chapter! After I posted it I realized how unhappy I was with Messalina and Remus' interaction and pretty much scrapped what I had written and re-did the whole ending. So I recommend going back and reading that last part before this one!Previously on Above All Others: Messalina tries to kiss Remus in the Come and Go Room only for Remus to jerk away. They make up after their DADA lesson on boggarts, though their conversation leaves Messalina wondering what Remus meant when he said he would've asked her out in a different life, under different circumstances.News of Messalina's doppelgänger boggart spread throughout the school faster than a case of dragon pox. Messalina regretted not paying closer attention to her classmates' worst fears - at least then she could've thrown it right back in their faces. She had bribed Marlene with a Polaroid of Fabian to fill her in on the details of who else in the class had gone before the boggart (Lily was adamant that people's worst fears should not be used against them even if they wanted to talk about Messalina's, but Marlene was far easier to convince when Lily was on rounds).Aside from Jenny Connors' giant spider, there had been some Muggle thing called a clown, a grim, a dragon, and a handful of other expected creatures and beings. Lily, Marlene told her in a whisper, had seen her family dead and was quite shaken up about it. James Potter had had the same experience, two dead parents laying on the cold tile of the DADA classroom in front of half of their year. Marlene, on the other hand, had been Madame Malkin declaring her fashion designs atrocious and not fit for a troll. Marlene had laughed it off, but Messalina noticed the shine in her eyes as she had recounted her story and the way her eyes lingered on her Witch Weekly catalogue that night before dinner.Some students, however, had avoided the boggart as though it was the plague and Vector had not pushed for them to go against it. This greatly surprised Messalina considering his typically brusque and unforgiving manner, but she supposed it made sense. Peter Pettigrew feared You-Know-Who more than anyone Messalina had ever met and it may have caused a panic if the man appeared in the middle of a DADA lesson. Had Mary been in the class, she certainly would have seen a werewolf and Messalina imagined Vector might have asked Remus to step in as the closest one to the boggart to avoid causing a full on panic. What didn't make sense was why Vector spared several Slytherins, including Snape and Graham. Vector usually could not care less about what Snape was doing, but Graham was half of Vector's favorite duo. It made no sense to Messalina why Graham wouldn't have been just as eager to show off his abilities to their professor and the question of why Graham had acted so disinterested lingered in the back of her mind."How can you be afraid of yourself?" A passing Ravenclaw sixth year whispered to her friend as they skirted passed Messalina's desk in the library, giving her a wider berth than was necessary. Messalina shot them a dark look and they turned bright red at having been caught gossiping so close to the subject herself. Resisting the urge to groan, Messalina turned her attention back to the textbooks piled around her.Lily had failed to join her for their usual study session, choosing to stay behind in the Common Room to help Mary finish a Divination project she was woefully behind on. Typically, Messalina would have stayed behind to assist; however, she was trying to avoid seeing Remus until she knew what he meant by 'in a different life, under different circumstances' meant.So far, she was nowhere near succeeding in her attempt, but after only a few days of trying she wasn't ready to give up quite yet. That and she had seen Remus freshly showered (Care of Magical Creatures had been held in a drizzling rain outside and the Marauders and Marlene had come back drenched) and in one of his softest jumpers. The sight sent her into fight or flight mode and she had gathered her things with more speed than she expected possible and fled to the peace of the library immediately. Well, relative peace considering a few whispers aside from the Ravenclaw sixth years and a couple pointed looks. Who knew you couldn't have it revealed you were your own greatest fear without people talking about it?Sighing, Messalina looked back to the textbooks spread out around her. If Vector didn't want to go into an in-depth review on dark creatures, she'd have to go into it herself. Remus would have to wait until she was caught up on her N.E.W.T. review. Maybe once she finally felt like she wasn't drowning in work she would have time to figure out what illnesses caused monthly disappearances like the twins had mentioned. At this rate, she wouldn't be getting there until N.E.W.T.s were over.Grabbing The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection, Messalina skimmed through the chapters on hags, zombies, and red caps, all of which Vector had covered in his brief review on dark creatures in class. Why he had skipped over werewolves, a frequently tested area on the N.E.W.T.s, Messalina had not a clue. It seemed the old man was losing it even more than she had expected. Reaching the werewolf bite section, Messalina grabbed her parchment and began jotting down notes as she read through the material.Werewolf fangs are venomous - you must thoroughly and magically clean any bites. Mix powdered silver and dittany to prevent the victim from bleeding out. No cure for a bite, scratches can leave victims with wolf-like tendencies.Hunt for humans during monthly transformations and will bite/attack itself if no animals or humans are present.In wolf-form, the werewolf loses all sense of human right and wrong.Prior to and after the full moon, the werewolf may exhibit signs of ill health or pallor. May be irritable towards others: harsh/impatient. (PMS for werewolves?) May age prematurely - grey hair, wrinkles. "Lina?" Messalina looked up from a passage on how werewolves lose their sense of moral judgement over time in Lupine Lawlessness: Why Lycanthropes Don't Deserve to Live to see Remus standing across from her. He was rather pale, the pallor making his faint scars more prominent. He was staring down at something on the table in front of her, his gaze unfaltering. Glancing down, Messalina noted he was locked onto the cover of the book in front of her and rolled her eyes."I can't believe they even have this book here - its absolute hogwash," she whispered, glancing at where the librarian was stocking shelves and still glaring at a Hufflepuff who had sneezed almost twenty minutes ago. "I thought a library was where you were supposed to learn facts, not whatever this is.""Some people believe Picardy was right about everything in that book," Remus replied stiffly after a moment and Messalina gave him an inquisitive look. She'd expected Remus to be equally as offended by Hogwarts having such inflammatory and false information."The Death Eaters maybe," she joked, hoping a lighter tone might make it feel less frigid and break some of the tension."The Ministry." Remus' voice was hard and it surprised Messalina so much she blinked at him for a few seconds before remembering social courtesies existed."Did you want to sit?" Remus had begun to shake his head before she had even closed her mouth, but unluckily for him she had been so flustered by his previous statement that she had already begun to clear a spot away before speaking. She was still at a loss of how to act around him and it seemed in her determination to keep to her promise that things could and would go back to normal between them, she was coming off as overly eager as he shifted awkwardly."No, no that's okay," he replied hastily, rubbing a hand across the back of his neck and looking just about everywhere but at her. "I told Peter I'd help him with his Herbology essay."Unspoken was the fact that Messalina typically helped Peter with Herbology as they were partners in the class, but they had not spoken since Peter had accused her of snogging a 'slippery snake like Pucey'. Remembering Peter's words stung more than Messalina would have liked to admit - particularly in the face of their once solid friendship. They had grown more distant during the year than she had realized, as she became friends with Remus and Peter withdrew into himself. She wondered fleetingly if there would be any repair to their friendship, but recalling the look of disgust on Peter's face when he thought she was involved with Graham Pucey was enough to push the thought away. Even if she wasn't with Graham, she wasn't sure she wanted to be friends with someone that was so judgmental of her other friends.Turning her attention back to the matter at hand, Messalina noticed Remus was gazing out at what she considered to be the best view in the castle: the lake and the sprawling grounds around it. It was rather diminished today considering the pouring rain outside, but at the same time it was almost mesmerizing to watch the rain drops race down the bay window before disappearing from sight. He looked lost in his thoughts, a glazed over look in his eyes."I got a table, Moony, you ready?" Peter had appeared as the pair had stared out in silence and Messalina startled at the sound of his voice, grateful Vector had not seen her let her guard down in such a crowded place. She tried not to let Peter's careful avoidance of her eyes bother her, but her stomach churned as he focused completely on Remus."Yeah, sorry Peter. Good luck, Lina." Remus followed Peter through the crowded tables to one at a diagonal and Messalina had to kick herself for being grateful Peter had chosen the seat facing away from her, leaving her with a good view of Remus. Not that there was any reason why she might be interested in looking up from a long passage of reading to see a friendly face. No reason at all.Ducking her head as Remus' eyes moved in her direction, Messalina reopened the textbook and grimaced at the drawing of a beheaded werewolf in Serbia. For the level of detail, it had to be an image from someone's memory rather than a figment of imagination. Deciding there could be no worthwhile information among such filth and derogatory language, Messalina slammed the book closed again and shoved it to the side before grabbing another from her stack.Distinguishing marks from a wolf: shorter snout, human-like eyes, tufted tail. And targets humans almost exclusively. Often experience poverty, prejudice, and discrimination. Might cause them to further lash out/withdraw. Classified as XXXXX when transformed - currently in the Beast Division at the Ministry but often shunted between Beast & Being. Check for classification before exam. Hard to tell in human form. Look for: grey hair at a young age, unexplained scars, monthly disappearances, mood swings, generally weakened appearance, bite mark(s), interest in the moon/tides.After reading passages from two hefty textbooks on why muggles believed silver could kill a werewolf, Messalina rubbed her eyes and yawned. She regretted lying awake until the wee hours of the morning contemplating names to give the twins for their defense organization, especially as the only names she had firmly placed into the 'ask for certain' area were her dorm mates. The previous week she'd had all the Marauders with Graham Pucey in the 'firmly consider' category, but now Graham was edging slowly towards 'ask for certain' and the other boys were headed towards 'maybe'. Her ability to read others' signals was apparently flawed and she wished not for the first time that the twins had actually been too busy to visit her in Hogsmeade. The thought turned her stomach, though, and filled her with such guilt that her chest ached.Running a hand across her face with a sigh, Messalina wished Lily had accompanied her. The redhead had a natural gift to know when Messalina's thoughts had turned from the objective at hand and was quite adept at delivering a hissed reminder that they had come here to study. But Lily was in the Common Room and Messalina was too exhausted to be motivated to do much more than skim a page for 'werewolves' and write down anything that seemed relevant. She really needed to get more sleep if she expected to stay concentrated for so long.She turned back to the last book in front of her, a hefty tome on werewolf legislation through the 1930s, and nibbled on the end of her quill as she began to read. Grimacing as she realized she had stuck an actual pheasant feather quill in her mouth and cursing Marlene for getting her semi-addicted to sugar quills, Messalina pulled a piece of the feather from her mouth. Glancing over to see if Remus noticed, her cheeks already burning red, Messalina was relieved to see he was bent over a piece of parchment. Discarding the feather piece into her bag as discretely as possible, Messalina risked one last look at Remus, telling herself it was to make sure the glazed look was gone out of his eyes.He seemed to have had the same idea she did as she noticed him looking away quickly, as though pretending to be engrossed by something on the bookshelf behind her. Rolling her eyes, Messalina lowered her head so her hair served as a partial curtain and glanced at him out of the corner of her eye. His preoccupation with the books lasted only a few seconds before he looked over at her intently as though expecting her to do something. What he thought she was going to do in the middle of the crowded library as she read through enough werewolf material to fry her brain wasn't obvious to her, but Remus was looked bothered enough that whatever it was must've been at the forefront of his mind.Who would've thought Remus Lupin was such an enigma? With his 'in different circumstances, in another life' comment, his relative disinterest in other girls and any kind of relationship, his apparent illness or otherwise unexplained absences, and the scars she knew he tried to hide. She'd come into this year thinking he was a nice, studious boy and had come out with her brain feeling scrambled. Sighing, she brushed the hair behind her ears and made a mental note to do all her serious studying in her dorm."Reading about loony Lupin, eh?" An all too familiar voice whispered from somewhere to her right and Messalina wondered if the stress of studying had her hallucinating. Turning her head as innocuously as she could, Messalina took note of the boy standing behind a bookshelf, his face buried in a book but his dark eyes focused on her. But she'd recognize his voice anywhere, unfortunately, after being forced to be civil with him for five years."Too scared to face a boggart, Snape?" She murmured, putting a hand over her mouth to keep her voice from carrying across the relatively quiet room."It's smart to read up on your friends." His reply ignored her taunt and Messalina rolled her eyes. He had always been able to dish out insults but he had never been able to take them."Like you know shit about friendship.""I know your friends aren't what you think they are." Snape's voice was hard and he slammed the book closed to stare at her through the bookcase. It felt as though his dark eyes were boring into her soul and Messalina scoffed at him."I know your friends are exactly what you think they are. And no matter how much you want them to accept you, they'll never see you as more than a useful little half-blood. No matter how many curses and potions you learn or what you do, you'll be less than them. Don't pretend not to know that. Now run along, they won't accept you if they catch you with me.""You're supposed to be good at DADA but you're a fool if you can't see what's in front of you.""I see a boy that wishes he was born in my place and can't stand that someone could see through that purity bullshit. Blood doesn't make you special, Snape. I always thought Lily was evidence of that.""Just keep her away from Black and Lupin. They're dangerous," Snape hissed, giving her one last look before heading deeper into the library with the book under his arm. He looked rather like a bat flapping about with his oversized robes and greasy hair. The interaction made her skin crawl and not for the first time, she thanked whoever was listening that Lily had not looked back once she decided she'd had enough of Snape.He'd always given her the creeps and his obsession with the Dark Arts reminded her all too much of her childhood before Hogwarts. His superiority complex rivaled even her cousin Antonin's, and Messalina knew there was the potential for it to reach the levels of her mother and father if it continued to grow unchecked. She knew the disgust and disdain was mutual - especially once Lily and Snape had cut ties after O.W.L.s. They'd never spoken since, Snape had always tried to talk to Lily when she was alone, knowing Messalina would have never let him get within ten feet of the redhead.So why was he coming up to her in the middle of the library, in plain view of plenty of students in his own house that would love nothing more than to share gossip that the strange Snape was cavorting with one of the best known blood traitors in the school? Why was he including Remus in whatever conspiracy he was talking about? And how could she be reading about 'loony Lupin' if she was explicitly and obviously reading the contents of the school's werewolf collection? What could possibly make Remus so dangerous that Snape would go out of his way to warn a sworn enemy to protect Lily from him? Remus Lupin was a kind albeit apparently strange boy, what could he possibly have to do with werewolves...Hey Moony.Some people believe Picardy was right about everything in that book - the Ministry. Mary's insistence that she had seen a werewolf in Divination. Remus' pallor, his monthly Hospital Wing visits. Unexplained scars.In another life, under different circumstances, I would have asked you out years ago.The small tuft of grey hairs Marlene had noted Remus had at the end of sixth year, remarking on how mature he looked, and how he had been so flustered before giving an excuse that his father was the same way.Remus not going to Hogsmeade the day Mary asked if there was a full moon the night before. When Messalina ran into Remus outside the Hospital Wing in fifth year when she was running late from helping Mary fill in her star chart from the full moon and had been able to knock him down.Vector not making Remus face the boggart.Werewolf.Her eyes snapped up from the parchment in front of her of their own accord, fixing themselves on Remus. She snapped her quill in half, ink splattering across the table and the book in front of her before pooling on her parchment. It made an audible cracking sound in the quiet room and Remus turned instinctively in response, his eyes locking onto hers.He had been speaking to Peter but the words seemed to die in his throat as he looked into her wide eyes. She watched as the color drained from his face, the scars and the dark circles under his eyes standing out in contrast. Messalina let out a shaky breath she hadn't realized she was holding as she loosened her grip on the broken quill long enough for it to fall onto the table in two pieces. Her hand was covered in ink and she smeared it on an unused piece of parchment, leaving a large black streak. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Peter swivel in his chair to see what Remus was so unabashedly staring at across the room. The color drained from Peter's face in a similar, almost comical manner and his mouth fell open as he gaped at her. His eyes flicked from her face to the pile of books in front of her rapidly and Messalina watched him swallow hard. Had she not felt her throat closing, she might have found the sight amusing.Movement from beyond Remus and Peter got her attention and she noticed the librarian was on her way over as if sensing ink had dared touch one of her prized possessions. Fear of the woman's wrath was enough to kick Messalina into high gear and activate her fight or flight response.Grabbing her bag, Messalina shoved the broken quill and her parchment in it haphazardly, grateful her hands were steady enough to close her glass bottle of ink and securely place it in her bag's pocket. Closing the book splattered with ink, Messalina stood up and collected the materials as quickly as she could. Her arms felt weak and shaky as she carried them swiftly over to the return area, dumping them unceremoniously before walking as quickly as possible out of the library without drawing further attention to herself.Only when she was in the hallway alone was she able to catch her breath and relieve some of the strange feeling in her stomach. But even that relief did not last long as the door to the library opened again and Remus emerged, his head on a swivel as he tried to locate her. His breath was ragged and Messalina wondered if she had ever been as anxious as he looked aside from her Sorting. The tension in his shoulders dissipated somewhat when his eyes fell on her leaning against the wall, but the guarded stance was quickly thrown back on as he approached slowly."Lina..." His voice was cautious, but she sensed the desperation. It was the voice she would have used to try to keep Charlie from fleeing from her when she was frantic or thought he was in danger. The tone she used to use when Antonin knew something she had done wrong and was threatening to go to her parents. Fear. Everything about his approach screamed 'please, please, do not run away' and her heart went out to him. Doubtlessly, he was petrified she would turn tail and start screaming at the top of her lungs that she knew what he was. She wondered what Mary would have done in her shoes."Can we talk?" Her voice was steadier than she'd expected and Remus almost sagged with relief. He looked bone-tired, almost as though the bag on his shoulder was dragging him to the ground."Please," his voice was measured and Messalina jerked her head in the direction of the staircase. There was, after all, only one place in the whole school where you could be guaranteed privacy. And as the only two people in the school who knew what and where it was, the Come and Go Room was their best shot at being open with each other.The walk up the stairs was tense to say the least, Messalina leading and Remus trailing behind her. Her mind was racing with the facts she'd written down earlier and she had never been so glad that the Prewetts had undone so much of the damage her parents had inflicted on her. In her parents minds, werewolves were a tool to be used and disposed of. They were something to draw on when you wanted to instill fear in your enemies or when you needed an easy source of anger to draw from. Promise them an ounce of a better life and they'd be so desperate for it you'd own them even if you had no intention to help. She remembered her father laughing about how Fenrir Greyback wanted the Dark Mark with her Uncle Armand just a few weeks before Armand had killed eighteen muggle children in the name of their Dark Lord.The Prewetts had a different approach. Two Ministry officials who believed full-heartedly in the need for reforms to better the world for everyone. Who believed in tearing down the place and starting again to put everyone on equal footing: purebloods, Muggles, muggleborns, werewolves. Out with the old and in with the new."What should we be thinking about?" Remus' voice pulled her from her thoughts and she offered him a small smile, realizing they were in front of the empty spot on the seventh floor."Where would you want to be?""Somewhere comfortable," Remus replied after a few moments of gazing thoughtfully at the wall where Messalina knew a door would appear, regardless of its shape and size."Then let's go there." She grabbed Remus' hand before her confidence abandoned her, ignoring how clammy his hand was and the way he started at her touch. She led him across the threshold three times, focusing on 'I need a comfortable place to talk' and marveling at the door that appeared in front of her. It was very much like she imagined the Hufflepuff Common Room dorm entrance would be if they replaced the barrels with a door - cozy, intimate, and optimistic.Messalina released Remus' hand, ignoring the way her hand felt empty without his. She pulled the door open to distract herself, stepping inside what was perhaps the coziest room she'd ever been in. It was small, with a roaring fireplace and two overstuffed armchairs before it. Soft candlelight accentuated the fire and created a warm glow that automatically drew Messalina in and relaxed her. She walked over to one of the chairs and collapsed, watching two logs fall onto each other and shoot embers into the air. Remus was not far behind and out of the corner of her eye Messalina could see him sink into the other chair slowly. He sighed as though the weight of the world was on his shoulders and Messalina turned to face him."So you know what I am." His statement left no room for questions and she nodded mutely at him, words escaping her."I always knew you'd figure it out someday.""Remus-""I expected it in third year, when we looked at Dark Creatures for the first time and I heard you complain to Lily that they'd glossed over werewolves as if they weren't a heavily tested area. You were in the library for hours that weekend, leaning over tomes about how to identify werewolves in human form. Do you know what you said to Peter when you finished?" Messalina shook her head, stunned that Remus could remember something so vividly when she scarcely remembered the name of their third year DADA professor let alone a weekend study session. "You said that you wouldn't be surprised if there was a werewolf at Hogwarts with us. I thought for certain you had figured it out and were trying to tell Peter you knew what was going on. I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop and for you to start looking at me weird or giving some indication that you knew. But you didn't, and looking back I should've known that. We weren't friends back then, just housemates, and there was no reason for you to notice anything more than the rest of the school. And I should've known when we became friends that you'd figure it all out some day and I'm sorry to have led you to believe I'm someone that I'm not."His tone was melancholy, especially as he reached his final thoughts, and he refused to look at her. Instead, he focused on an unraveling piece of yarn from his jumper, his left hand pulling at it halfheartedly. He was expecting her to reject him, to refuse to be friends with him, to be disgusted, she realized with a start, when in actuality it felt as though all the missing pieces of their friendship had been found at long last. The Remus Lupin Puzzle had been solved."Remus," she said slowly, wishing their chairs were closer so she could reach out to him. "I don't know what expectations you have for when people find out, but I hope you know I could never think less of you.""I am a monster, Lina.""I spent the first eleven years of my life with monsters. They intend to hurt others for their own joy and happiness. They think only of themselves, use others as a means to their own ends. They could never form the relationships you have or exhibit an ounce of the bravery and kindness you have. I could never describe someone that took the time to teach my godson about dragons, tried to reassure me at the Sorting and make sure I was alright, or offered to fix my bruises and be my friend to be a monster. Might have a once a month problem, but you could never be a monster. It takes intent and purpose to be a monster, and I know you too well to consider that possible.""If you were loose with me when I transformed," Remus began forcefully, looking up from his sweater to look Messalina squarely in the face. It was clear the conversation had taken a turn Remus had not expected as he looked genuinely shocked at her words. "I would not be able to help myself. You'd be infected or dead within seconds. There'd be no stopping me, no trying to reason with me. I would destroy your life.""Would you be consciously making the decision?""What?" If it were not for the seriousness of the situation, Messalina would have fawned over how cute Remus looked with his head tilted and a deer in the headlights look on his face. Instead, she pressed on stubbornly."Would it be you, the Remus sitting in front of me, making the decision to go after humans? With the brain you're using to speak to me, would you decide to do that?""No, but Lina-""Then as long as I'm not around during the full moon, I'd be in less danger around you than I would be with half the boys in our year. You can try to convince me that you're a monster until you're blue in the face, but I would never believe you. I care about you far too much to let you go over something you can't control.""Lina-""When did the Marauders find out?" She asked, pointedly ignoring his protests."Second year, but look Lina-""Damn they're smarter than I give them credit for," she mused. "And yet you're all still thick and thieves, running around and making enchanted maps of the school. If you were truly dangerous, Dumbledore would never allow you to be here.""Dumbledore considered it last year," Remus replied so quietly she could hardly hear him over the sound of the crackling fireplace and she leaned closer. "Snape kept sniffing around trying to figure out what was going on with my monthly disappearances. And Sirius had had enough of his snooping and told him how to get past the Whomping Willow to get into the tunnel that leads into the Shrieking Shack, where I transform. James found out about it and got to Snape just before he entered the Shack. He went to Dumbledore after, trying to get me expelled from the school, but Dumbledore didn't and forbid Snape from saying anything. If Snape had made it through that door, he'd either be dead or like me. I'm dangerous, no matter how many nice words you have to say about who you think I am!""I always thought Black was capable of cruelty, but I never imagined he could do something like that to one of his friends," Messalina spat, her blood boiling. Sirius Black was an insufferable, immature manchild but she had never once dreamed he could hurt one of his friends so deeply. To put something like that on his friend's conscious without remorse evidently. To ruin Remus' already stunted life, and for what? At least it made sense why Snape had gone out of his way to try to warn Messalina to keep Lily away from Remus and Black."Here you are acting as though I'm the victim! I would have murdered him, Lina! One step further and I would be a murderer!" Remus got to his feet in a flurry of motion, his chest heaving as he stared down at her with wild eyes."Sirius Black would have been a murderer for setting it up! An unbelievably selfish prat ready to ruin your life and Snape's! It would have been on him, not you!""You're not listening to me. I remember everything I do when I wake up and I'll never forget smelling Snape in the air, wanting to bite and tear and taste his blood. You cannot begin to imagine what it's like to know you're capable of that.""You said 'when I wake up', Remus," Messalina used her softest, gentlest tone as Remus sat back down in the chair and buried his head in his hands, defeat evident in his posture. She stood up, making her way over to him cautiously as though not to spook him if he sensed she was near. "That's not you in your right mind. It'd be like being under the Imperius, you can't be held accountable for your actions. And the fact that you're so upset about this proves to me that you're not a monster, whether you think so or not."Crouching beside the armchair, Messalina put her hand on Remus' upper arm. Half expecting him to shove it off and storm away in a rage at her stubbornness, Messalina was surprised when he leaned into her touch and lifted his head from his hands. His green eyes were watery and his hands shook as he reached down and took her hand in his as though it was a lifeline keeping him tethered to the ground."You're a good man, Remus Lupin. And if you don't believe it just yet, know that I always will.""You'll never be safe around me," he whispered, a mixture of longing and sorrow in his eyes. It was the very image of a man trying desperately to hold himself back and failing miserably. "Lina, you'll always be in danger.""That's a decision for me to make, not you." Silence fell over them as Messalina shifted so she was sitting on the ground, holding Remus' hand tightly and leaning her cheek on the arm of the chair. Realizing Remus had run out of arguments for the moment, Messalina took advantage of his contemplation to bring something up she had been curious about since he'd mentioned it."So is the Shrieking Shack not actually haunted? Because that would've been nice to know when I was having nightmares about it in third year." Remus' chuckle and exasperated head shake made it all worth it, and as the tension dissipated, all she could think about was how she couldn't believe it was Black all the girls were after.

A huge thanks to mmauney12 as always for the kind words and review on the last chapter. And to the rest of my readers, please leave a review! It makes my day every time and motivates me to work even harder on getting chapters out to you guys!This chapter is kind of a unique one in that it's split POV with Remus in the first third and Messalina in the rest to keep from having to post a 3,000 word chapter.This chapter is also unique in that it's a split POV with Remus in the first half and Messalina in the second half to keep me from posting two 3,000 word chapters. Additionally, it's when some of the plot points from the original version of this story Messalina come into play, so if you're familiar with that story - keep an eye out for that! And without further ado, I hope you enjoy!Previously on Above All Others: Snape leads Messalina to uncover Remus' furry little problem and the two of them have a talk in the Come and Go Room. If one was to pull at the thread of events that led Remus Lupin to consider Sirius Black capable of the betrayal of James and Lily Potter, they would likely expect to find something about the attempted maiming of Severus Snape. After all, Sirius had let his anger lead him to tell Snape how to get past the Whomping Willow and into the Shrieking Shack on the full moon without considering the effect it would have on Remus. But this is an event you've probably heard of before and ought not come as a surprise. And while it had a great impact on the boys' friendship for the rest of sixth year and the summer after, it did not leave a chasm of mistrust between them. Sirius apologized and vowed to never exploit Remus' condition again. And it was a reminder to Remus that not everyone understood his plight and that the Marauders ought to keep an eye on Sirius to ensure he stayed in line.And so, when years and years from when he was a seventh year trying very hard to suppress his feelings for a particular young woman and he was actively trying to remember why he had ever considered Sirius capable of such deception, a second event would come to mind. A less exact, less biting betrayal but a betrayal nonetheless. It was not even deception aimed at the Marauders and yet it left a stain on their relationship, on their past. And in the end, it was what was uncovered after Messalina Lucien fell asleep during a DADA lecture on the very wizarding prison Remus would have ended up in if James had not intervened to stop Snape that planted the seeds of doubt in Remus' mind and led him to believe Sirius was a far better liar than he believed possible.Later, when he had more time to reflect upon what happened, it was the monotony of the day that struck Remus as odd. He had woken up to his alarm on time, rolled out of bed and showered before the others even remembered they had classes to go to, laughed at Sirius teasing James about the way he always walked faster when he saw Lily Evans' red hair in the distance, and sat down to breakfast with the feeling that he was truly going to miss Hogwarts when he graduated. He pondered whether you could be nostalgic for something you were actively experiencing as he buttered his toast and tried to look mysteriously in thought when he saw Messalina enter the Great Hall, lest she finally realize that he was not as interesting as she must've made him out to be in her mind.She made her way over to her friends slowly, covering a yawn with her hand and somehow making Remus jealous of whatever had kept her up the night before. He had, after all, strategically studied in the Common Room until the early hours of the morning waiting for her to come down. He knew she worked best at night, a leftover habit from the twins' time at Hogwarts, and it was slowly becoming a habit for them to work late into the night together slouched over dry textbooks, squinting at ancient ink. But she had gone upstairs with the rest of the girls after dinner and apparently stayed up late doing something with them instead.Had she not spent the last two weeks since finding out about his furry little problem making an effort to be around him more and reassure him that she was unfazed by the revelation, he would have worried she'd changed her mind. But the full moon was tomorrow night now and his stomach churned painfully at the thought she'd changed her mind as the full moon approached. It would be the smart, DADA-wise thing for her to do to push him away, but despite knowing it was for the best he hoped he was wrong. The idea of losing her sweet smiles and quiet laughter every night was enough for him to try to hold onto the illusion that she could one day love him.He didn't have to wonder at her state of mind for long as she took a seat beside Mary and looked over at him with a happy, albeit tired, smile. He returned it eagerly with a wave that made him curse himself for being so awkward and he turned it into an awkward cough into the elbow that had the rest of the Marauders laughing at him."Looks like someone was up late last night, know anything about that Moony?" James teased, his voice far too loud for Remus' liking as he quickly checked to make sure none of the seventh year girls had heard the comment. He cleared his throat, his face and the tips of his ears turning red at the insinuation."I don't know what you're talking about," he managed to say, taking a rather large gulp of pumpkin juice to avoid looking at anyone. Somewhere down the table, he heard Lily ask Messalina if she was feeling alright but Messalina's mumbled answer was lost as Sirius began regaling them with a tale of how he and James had gone into muggle London during the summer.The rest of breakfast passed in a similar manner, Remus trying to use his heightened pre-transformation senses to determine what was going on at further down the table and the rest of the Marauders interrupting his attempts with bits of gossip, prank plans, and dirty jokes. He was able to glean that Messalina had fallen asleep earlier than the rest of the girls and Lily had to wake her up as they were leaving for breakfast.While he suddenly felt guilty for perhaps keeping Messalina up later than she intended by introducing impromptu study sessions in the Common Room, his pride ballooned at the idea that she was sacrificing other activities to spend time with him. Convincing himself that she was just overly tired for another reason, Remus joined his friends on the walk to DADA, leaving the girls to finish their breakfast in peace and glancing back once to see Messalina take a long drink of coffee."So Moony, now that a certain Gryffindor knows about your furry little problem, are you going to make a move?" James asked as they left the Great Hall in a more serious tone than Remus had heard in a long time. Usually James reserved that voice for their talks about the War late at night, or when worried about his parents' health as they aged."We're just friends," Remus replied tightly, realizing he should not have expected the morning to continue in such an easy manner. It was hardly any business of James' if he asked Messalina out (as he had longed to do for two long years), but now that James had asked, the other two Marauders had gone silent and were looking at Remus. Sirius had an odd look on his face, though Remus knew him well enough to recognize wariness and apprehension on his aristocratic features. Peter looked as though he was trying very hard to be excited but was failing quite miserably as his eyes darted between Remus and the doors to the Great Hall behind them."Friends or friendly friends?" James asked again with a waggle of his eyebrows, either not noticing or ignoring the looks on his fellow Marauders' face."Friends.""I wouldn't jump into anything too quickly, Moony," Sirius added, giving Remus a solemn look. "You could do better than Lucien.""What?!" James voiced Remus' concern before he was even able to finish comprehending what Sirius had said. "Lina is a wonderful witch, you'd have to be to be such good friends with Lily and the Prewetts. Don't be ridiculous, Padfoot, just because you aren't her biggest fan doesn't mean you can say bad things about her.""I'm just saying be careful is all," Sirius cautioned, running a hand through his dark hair and staring down at the floor. "That's all I'm saying, Prongs.""Are we sure she's not with Pucey?""Don't be ridiculous, Peter, she's only got eyes for our Moony here.""They were standing awfully close on the Map.""And she said he was healing a bruise. Let it go, Peter," Remus countered, fixing the shorter boy with a confused look. "I thought you and Lina were friends.""I'm trying to look out for her is all.""I didn't realize she needed protection," Remus added, shaking his head at Peter. He'd once been addled with jealousy of his and Messalina's friendship, but it seemed as though he had forgotten everything he knew about Messalina this year."Excuse us boys," Marlene's voice called from behind them and Remus tried to ignore the way his heart leapt as he turned to see Lily and Messalina trailing after Marlene. Messalina had thrown her dirty blonde hair into a low bun that vaguely resembled a bird's nest and stifled a yawn into her hand, but that had Remus wonder if that would be what it would be like to wake up next to her. You know, as friends. Because friends totally think that about each other, right?"Hi Remus, James," Messalina greeted as she traipsed by, pointedly ignoring the two Marauders that had planted themselves on her shit list. Lily winked at Remus as she walked by, a pleased smile on her face as she jerked her head in Messalina's direction. Ignoring James' stutter of disbelief at Lily daring to show affection towards Remus, he followed the girls into the DADA classroom.Messalina had already taken her seat in the front row beside Graham Pucey, who had begun chatting so loudly about the new Comet 220 that Remus wished his ears weren't so hypersensitive around the full moon because hearing Pucey's smooth, posh accent so clearly was doing wonders for his self esteem."You're awfully chipper this morning," Messalina grumbled, resting her head on her hand and looking over at Graham. Remus tried to ignore the fond look in her dark eyes and the way her lip quirked up as Graham laughed. Everything about the Slytherin was handsome. His high aristocratic cheekbones, carefully styled hair, and somehow pretentiously disheveled robes. One of Hogwarts' biggest heartthrobs, and at the moment he was looking at Messalina as though she was the answer to all his problems."And you seem awfully sleepy, what'd you get up to last night?" Graham asked casually, but Remus heard the undercurrent of unease in his voice. Ignoring Snape as he sank into the seat beside him, Remus leaned forward to hear the rest of their conversation."Some of us need our beauty sleep," Messalina replied, covering her mouth as she yawned. "It wouldn't hurt you to try it sometime, Pucey.""You could really use some beauty sleep, Lucien," Pucey teased back and Remus had to resist the urge to gag.The door to Vector's office flew open with a resounding bang, the wizened old man standing in the doorway leaning heavily on his cane and glaring down at the chattering classroom. He made his way gingerly down the stairs, and as always Remus wondered how he avoided tumbling down the stairs as he made the steep descent."AZKABAN! Pettigrew, tell us what is it," Vector yelled as he reached the end of the staircase, panting as he staggered across the room to his desk. Without even turning in his seat, Remus knew Peter had gone a dark red color in embarrassment at Vector calling on him. The professor typically chose to randomly call on the students in the first three rows, and Peter was in the back corner as Vector had declared him the worst in the class on the first day."Th-the wizarding prison for British criminals," Peter stammered and Remus didn't miss the distasteful way Vector looked at Peter before directing his attention towards where James and Lily were sitting."Evans, who was the first inhabitant and why was the Ministry afraid of the isle?""Ekrizdis, sir, who used Dark magic to lure muggle sailors to the fortress to torture and kill them. When he died, the Ministry realized what had been going on there under magical concealment. A colony of dementors was found there and the Ministry was afraid of invoking dark magic if they destroyed it.""Very good. Connors, why did they pick Azkaban for the prison?""They thought they could save money, time, and lives if they used dementors as guards," the bubbly Hufflepuff's voice was subdued and Remus wondered fleetingly if she had gotten in a fight with her long-term Slytherin boyfriend John Higgs or if the idea of dementors was enough to extinguish her enthusiasm."Good. Now what's an automatic sentence to Azkaban without a trial, Higgs?""The use of one of the three unforgivables, sir. That's the Killing curse, the Imperious Curse, and the Cruciatus Curse.""That rule was put into place in 1717. Lucien, what are the exceptions to the Unforgivable Act of 1717?" Had Remus not been paying close attention to Vector's face in an attempt to avoid staring at the back of Messalina's head and daydreaming about running his hands through it, he would've missed the alarm that flashed across the man's face as he turned in her direction. It was this advanced knowledge that allowed Remus to see Pucey's mouth fall open just as Messalina's head swayed ever so slightly and she dropped her quill, staining her parchment. "Lucien!"Vector's shout had the rest of the class jerking in their seats and craning their necks to see what Vector's prized student had done to incur such a heated reaction, but Remus was paralyzed as he watched Pucey tentatively raise his hand. Remus could only imagine he meant to shake the girl awake; however, his hand froze in mid-air as Messalina pitched forward and banged her head on the wooden table. It was as though she was a puppet and someone had cut her strings as she laid limply, half on top of her desk and half under it. Later the others would remember the bang as her forehead smacked into the table, but Remus couldn't get the crunch of her nose breaking out his ears. He cursed his heightened senses as the faint smell of blood filled his nostrils.Graham Pucey scrambled to his feet at the same time Remus did, Pucey's chair falling backward onto the tile with a crash in his hurry. Remus was able to get one good look at Messalina in before Vector ordered him to get back, and he didn't like what he saw. Messalina had looked tired at breakfast not a half hour earlier, but now it looked as though she was severely sleep deprived. Dark bags had formed under her eyes and her skin looked almost waxy. A thin stream of blood had flowed from her nose and was dripping onto the floor. It seemed impossible that only a few minutes had gone by since she had been teasing Pucey."Step aside, boys," Vector grumbled, raising his wand. His voice was calm and collected, but Remus noted how tense his shoulders were. "Rennervate."A brilliantly colored red light burst from his wand and hit Messalina, and her body jerked on impact but she remained face down. Remus swore he saw her eyelids flutter, but he later attributed it to some figment of his imagination that was willing her to move. His heart was beating so erratically in his chest he wondered if intense stress could cause him to turn early."Pucey, pick her head up and sit her up straight," Vector barked. Graham scrambled to do what he was told and Remus ignored the sick feeling in his stomach when he saw Graham lift Messalina's head and push her back into her chair. It might have looked like she was just sitting with her eyes closed were it not for Graham Pucey holding her and the blood flowing steadily from her nose, which sat at an odd angle, and coating her chin and neck. Vector sent a levitation charm at her as the class sat in silence apart from Remus who had potentially never felt more useless. "Pucey, to the Hospital Wing with me. Rest of you can fuck right off. Evans, Potter go tell McGonagall."Remus stepped backwards right onto the foot of John Higgs as the trio made their way out of the classroom: Vector hobbling on his cane as though his life depended on it, Pucey looking as though he was trying very hard to remain composed, and Messalina appearing dead.The first thing Messalina was aware of the warmth on her skin. While she had spent years longing to have the seventh year dorm in Gryffindor tower with its magnificent views, she had not anticipated the cold drafts and whistling winds that the high elevation brought. In previous years, she had gone to sleep in old t-shirts she'd pilfered from the twins over the years but now almost every night she grabbed one of Molly's sweaters to keep her warm enough. But evidently she'd been more exhausted the previous night than she'd imagined considering it felt like she was still sleeping in her school uniform. There was no way for the sun to reach her from her bed - the sun was always on Marlene's bed in the morning. And the bed she was lying on wasn't nearly as comfortable as her own bed, the cocoon of plush blankets replaced by starch sheets that felt almost clinical under her fingertips. She'd recognize that feeling anywhere. St. Mungo's.Opening her eyes was more work than she would've liked to admit and Messalina squinted around the room, grimacing at the pain of light hitting her eyes. She wasn't in the usual private room at St. Mungo's - instead of feeling as though she was in the stuffy parlor Lucien Manor, she was lying in a crisp white bed with three cloth barriers set up to keep her hidden from what she assumed was a much larger room judging by the ceiling that seemed to stretch on and on. She'd always had a private room at St. Mungo's that her family had donated enough money to over the years to have control over its design (hello Slytherin Common Room replica), but Messalina wasn't a Lucien anymore. At least not in any way that mattered, and the Prewetts could hardly be expected to fork over money for a private room.There was a window behind her that cast a warm glow on the area and if Messalina had to guess, it was the afternoon sun giving one last burst of light before evening set in. Had she made it to DADA that morning? She remembered Lily shaking her awake from a deep sleep, concerned green eyes staring down at her in the soft morning light. She remembered the panicked state she had gotten ready in, nearly forgetting to grab her wand in her flustered attempt to get ready for class.For the first time, she registered the dull pain on the bridge of her nose and Messalina touched it gingerly with a shaking hand, her heart racing as she realized how much energy it took to move. Swallowing thickly, Messalina lowered her hand and pointedly ignored the way her temple was similarly aching. What had happened?She'd hurried down the stairs by herself, cursing under her breath at the younger her who had longed to be in the seventh year dorm. The Great Hall had been at its peak capacity when she'd arrived huffing, wondering why she'd never taken the twins up on their quidditch training regime, and made her way over to her dorm mates. Lily had been relieved Messalina had made it on time but was cramming for a Muggle Studies exam she had later that morning and Marlene and Mary were arguing about whether Divination or Ancient Runes was more difficult to follow along. Messalina had looked over at Remus in what she'd hoped was a nonchalant, friend-like manner and had tried to drown the butterflies in her stomach by chugging tea when Remus waved at her.The girls had left breakfast later than usual as Lily wanted maximum time to study for her exam and the whole walk to DADA had Marlene teasing Lily about how she shouldn't even be in Muggle Studies while Lily grew more and more flustered ("It's just so interesting to see this from the wizarding side of things!"). They had speed walked to the DADA classroom so Lily could study (yet again Marlene teased her that she just wanted more time to sit with James Potter while Lily turned bright red but didn't refute it) and Messalina made a mental note to either stop eating so many sugar quills or to drink more water because the exertion had her feeling faint and peaky. She'd wondered if this was what Remus felt like before his transformation and shot the boy a look of sympathy as she took her place beside Graham Pucey, who launched into a rant about the new racing broom that had been announced the night before. Vector had started class on Azkaban and Messalina had wondered if anyone sensed how hot the room was becoming. And then nothing but black and -"Miss Lucien." A familiar voice came from just on the other side of the linen barrier and Messalina grimaced at the pain moving her head caused. Madam Pomfrey emerged, a tray of potions hovering just behind her. "I was wondering when the potions would kick in.""I thought I was in St. Mungo's," Messalina croaked, dismayed by how hoarse her voice was and she rose a hand to feel her throat as if expecting the flesh there to feel as dry as it felt."You were not in a stable enough condition for travel when they brought you in here and I am perfectly capable of managing a case of recurring scrofungulus - rare as it is," Madam Promfrey replied primly, busying herself by checking Messalina's pulse with one hand and putting another on Messalina's forehead. Her hands felt like ice and Messalina wondered if it would've killed her to improve her bedside manner by at least using a warming spell on her hands."What happened?""As I'm sure you're aware, once a witch or wizard contracts scrofungulus, it always remains within them. Usually it remains dormant, but in some cases it can have a flair up. These are usually caused by heightened levels of physical activity, stress, exhaustion, other illnesses. Sometimes its just a random resurgence. Have you been feeling off lately, Miss Lucien?""I've been stressed out," Messalina managed to say, thinking back on how she had discovered Remus was a werewolf only two weeks before, the pressure she had on her to find new recruits for whatever organization Fabian and Gideon had joined, the fear of the War raging on outside Hogwarts' gates, the knowledge that the rest of the Luciens were likely Death Eaters as she was fairly certain Antonin was. You know, the usual weight on the shoulders of a seventeen year old girl."I see," Madam Pomfrey replied absentmindedly as she shifted through the tray behind her, moving potions around and eventually pulling a rather large envelope out. Messalina recognized the intact seal of St. Mungo's on the back of it and gave the matron an inquisitive look."What's that?""I requested your records from St. Mungo's this morning when you were brought in. They arrived just under an hour ago. As you're of age, I cannot open these without your consent unless I believe you are in grave need of whatever lies inside. Had you not woken up before tonight, I would be have been able to open the documents then," Madam Pomfrey explained, holding the documents out for Messalina so she could see the red wax seal that glowed faintly. "If you would be so kind as to place your wand hand on the back of this envelope, I will be able to review what your healers have done for you in the past.""I thought my mother sent these here before I came, as a precaution." Saying the words 'my mother' left a bitter taste in Messalina's mouth, but the idea that Yelena Lucien had not sent all the information Madam Pomfrey needed made her sick. What if this flair up had happened when she was just a weak eleven year old who had barely gotten her healer's approval to come to Hogwarts?She did as Madam Pomfrey bid, however, and marveled at the way the envelope disintegrated before her eyes and a stack of perhaps fifty pieces of parchment tied together with a prim red ribbon appeared."I received an overall report of your health prior to your arrival for your first year, Miss Lucien, but not the documents themselves. The notes from then called for me to get an attending Healer immediately if you presented with symptoms; however, a letter appeared not long after saying the proposed course of action was to care for you here without contacting St. Mungo's.""When I was disowned, you mean.""That may be. Here, while I review these, drink up." Madam Pomfrey waved her hand and the vials and potions on the tray behind her came to life, pouring concoctions that floated serenely over to Messalina and waited to be drunk. Messalina endured the terribly bitter and earthy taste of three potions, fighting her gag reflex to keep them down even as she swore one of them tried to crawl its way out of her throat.Madam Pomfrey looked through the documents quickly, her eyes skimming over the material quicker than Messalina had imagined she could retain any information. Silence fell over them, Messalina lying in bed and Madam Pomfrey standing over her reading. It was peaceful, lying in the warm sun. Just as Messalina was about to drift back into sleep at the soft sound of Madam Pomfrey's breathing and the rustling of parchment, the woman spoke sharply."Patient received regular draughts of Potion No. 113 for from ages 7 to 10? That cannot be correct - Miss Lucien, is that true?" Madam Pomfrey had never sounded so scandalized in the entirety of the time Messalina had known her, and she had visited the Hospital Wing with the twins half a dozen times the previous year alone to get quidditch injuries fixed."Um yeah, my parents had just requested a new healer. It was someone from Durmstrang that my mother's family knew, he was Russian I think. They liked him because he was more aggressive than the other healers - they just wanted to be reactive but he wanted to be proactive.""And he prescribed a dose of 113 once a week?""Yeah, I mean he said 113 was new but they were using it at the hospital he was at before to cure scrofungulus cases more severe than mine," Messalina replied, ignoring the way her stomach twisted and turned as though it was a pit of snakes. "What about it, Madam Pomfrey? What's wrong?""That potion was banned from use in Great Britain four years ago except in life threatening situations. It was found to be far too detrimental to the user's long-term health - it can be poisonous to the body to consume such a high concentration of doxy eggs over such a prolonged period. You are sure this is right, that you received a vial of Number 113 once a week for three years?""Y-yes, I'm positive.""Miss Lucien, I am going to need to ask Professor Slughorn to brew something, will you be alright here for a few moments?" Madam Pomfrey was flustered, far more distracted than Messalina had even imagined the proper young healer could be and she could do nothing more than nod her consent. Her head was spinning and Madam Pomfrey placed the parchment back on the tray before turning on her heel and leaving quickly, the sound of her footsteps echoing.The sun no longer felt warm and comfortable - it seemed too bright and threw dark, ominous shadows across the floor. The sound of the clock in the corner of the room sounded sinister as though it was counting down to whatever terrible news Madam Pomfrey was going to bring back. Settling into her pillows once again, Messalina forced herself to close her eyes but despite the heavy weight behind her eyelids, they sprung back open to stare at the one source of information left in the room.The tray remained where it had been when Madam Pomfrey left, hovering just out of reach. The healer had most likely expected it to follow her back out the way she had come, but something about the charm left it right where it was.Messalina urged herself not to grab the parchment sitting on top and do her own uneducated research to figure out just what had Madam Pomfrey bolting out of the Hospital Wing. In her experience, reading documents she don't understand only confused her more and in a time when her whole head ached, confusion was the last state of being she was looking for.But as though someone else had control of her body, Messalina pulled herself out of bed and took a hesitant, staggering step towards the tray. Telling herself it was okay because it was her own file and Madam Pomfrey had probably just forgotten to have Slughorn make something for Remus' transformation the following night, she snatched the parchment. Collapsing back into bed, Messalina ignored how light-headed she was and skimmed the pages Madam Pomfrey had been looking at. The chicken scratch handwriting was harder to decipher than she had anticipated, and by the time she figured out what she was looking at, her headache had doubled in size.Most of the documents were diagnostic tests with scribbled results at the bottom: patient did not react well to this or that, this potion seems to make a difference - double dosage and test for increased health, patient first exhibited signs of scrofungulus flair up, blah blah blah. She knew all of this already, and just when she went to put the parchment down, she noticed one piece looked quite different than the others. Rather than SCROFUNGULUS written in blocky letters at the top so the healers could quickly see what the problem was, Fertility was scrawled across the top.Patient: Messalina Oksana Lucien Age: 11 Birthday: 1st of June 1960 - 3:33 AMTest: General Scrofungulus Checkup with Fertility ComponentDate: 10th of August 1971Reason: Patient's parents request fertility testing based on preliminary results of study on Potion No. 113, administered by Healer Ludovich to patient from ages 7 to 10, with one vial a week at maximum dosage. Patient's parents concerned about effect of this study on the patient's fertility - namely doxy eggs' potential ability to prohibit successful impregnation. Test Time: 10th of August 1971 2:45 PM Anticipated Results: 10th of October, 1971 - two month response time due to aging of potionResult Date: 11th of October, 1971 Result: Infertile. Contact names listed below. With shaking hands and a quivering lip, Messalina tore her eyes from the parchment to look at the looping signatures at the bottom of the document. She had to read it several times before she could absorb the information, but by the time she did her blood was boiling and she was sobbing uncontrollably.Send test result copies via owl to: Licorous Abraxas Lucien on behalf of Messalina Oksana Lucien, patient.Orion Arcturus Black on behalf of Sirius Orion Black, patient's betrothed. 

A gigantic thank you to everyone who reviewed the last chapter! Mssr. Moony thank you for your very kind words on the story so far - I'm so glad you're enjoying! Mmauney as always a huge thanks for your eagerness for Remus and Messalina to get together (one of these chapters I swear it'll happen). And to Copycat25, I'm so happy you've decided to review! As always, reviews motivate me to work harder to get chapters out in a timely manner (unfortunately school has been very intense this year so my chapters aren't getting written as quickly as I'd like them to) and they always make my day. These reviews kept my mind on Messalina and our favorite band of seventh years while it should've been on studying and classes, but it means I have the next few chapters mapped out in my mind - I just need the time to get them written out just right. Much like the last chapter, I made the POVs in this chapter a bit more unique. As you'll see, Messalina isn't in the state to be the most reliable narrator so I changed things up and there is a surprise POV in the middle. Previously on Above All Others: Messalina collapses during a DADA lesson and is taken to the Hospital Wing. Once there, she learns she's had a scrofungulus bout and Madam Pomfrey requests her medical records. Messalina discovers she's unable to have kids and that Sirius Black was once her betrothed.It took two calming draughts being poured down her throat as she sobbed for Messalina to be able to relax enough to listen to and comprehend what Madam Pomfrey was telling her. It had sounded like dull background noise compared to the panicked thoughts running wild in her head, but as Madam Pomfrey held her mouth open and unstoppered two vials, she was able to soothe the voices in her head down to a steady babble compared to a deafening roar. Her thoughts had run away from her and Messalina wondered how she was able to keep breathing in an environment that felt as though it had no air left.Madam Pomfrey pulled a handkerchief from somewhere deep inside the pockets of her skirts, wiping the tears from Messalina's reddened cheeks as she lay gasping for air and waiting for the calming draughts to take effect. She fixated on the flecks of dust floating in the sunshine above her, wishing she felt that light and floaty. But instead, her thoughts suffocated her until she was finally able to calm down enough to hear what Madam Pomfrey was saying in her most soothing tone.Had she been in her right mind, Messalina would've thought it was likely a voice Madam Pomfrey had years of perfecting with Remus before and after his transformations. But at the moment her thoughts were ricocheting painfully in her skull and she was staring vaguely up at the ceiling, willing the earth to swallow her whole.Potion No. 113 was outlawed in Great Britain four years ago and by the International Confederation of Wizards three years ago - it is likely your case was used in a widespread study on the long-term effects of using high concentrations of doxy eggs in children. Professor Slughorn is brewing a second test potion to determine if the first infertility test was accurate - the potion is delicate and you ought to be tested at least twice with the same result before interpreting it. However, I caution you against getting your hopes up, Miss Lucien. St. Mungo's is more than capable of brewing the correct potion the first time.Long-term health consequences of using 113 for so long while the patient is developing are still being studied; however, infertility and a weakened immune system over time are the two most commonly noted. The latter could be an explanation for why this scrofungulus flair up occurred - the potion only delayed the amount of time it took for a bout to happen rather than preventing you from getting one. It kept you healthy while you were young but that exertion paired with the stress you mentioned has left your immune system exhausted.Without any unforeseen events, you should be able to resume classes after a week of bedrest and relaxation - perhaps longer. Your professors will be instructed to give you only the bare minimum of work, and Miss Evans will be delivering your assignments and books to me at the end of each day.Increasing stress will leave you in this bed longer - scrofungulus thrives when the body is experiencing these effects. Miss Lucien it is crucial that you try to get some sleep for now. I'll get you a sleeping draught. Hold on just a moment while I get the vial. As Messalina stared at the sterile white canvas dividers that stood between her and the rest of the Hospital Wing, waiting for Madam Pomfrey to return, all she could focus on was that day she had been disowned. The calming draught had truly kicked in - her thoughts had formed themselves in neat memories, prepared to bombard and cause pain albeit calmly.It had been a day like any other, except Antonin had been looking even more pleased with himself than usual for the last few days and she had later chalked it up to him getting advanced notice that she had been blown off the family tree in the dining room. She had never suspected any knowledge more devious than that lingered behind his sly, dancing eyes. Or that there could have possibly been another reason for being disowned beyond her fraternization with Lily and the Prewett twins following her abysmal Sorting. How could she have known something more malicious than a Sorting could've hurt her?She had spent so long agonizing over what her life would have been like if she had been sorted into Slytherin and met her family's expectations, lying awake at night paralyzed with the notion. If she had only been able to convince the Sorting Hat to do what she wanted it to, she would have been the young woman that climbed out of the drawer in DADA two weeks before. Cold. Perfect. Poised. Hateful. But that fundamental truth she had allowed to hold such sway over her wasn't actually true outside of her own mind and it sent the reality she knew crashing down around her ears.She had been doomed from the moment her parents started her with that Russian healer when she was 7, a decision she had had no control over. Her parents had simply swept into her room at the manor one day as she lay prone on the bed, exhausted from coughing, and announced that enough was enough and she was getting a new healer who wasn't so focused on using filthy muggle techniques. They were, after all, witches and wizards and bedrest was for pitiful, disgusting muggles. There had to be another way, available only to those as rich and powerful as the Luciens. Their status and power weren't for nothing - they couldn't be powerless.It wasn't because of some decision she had made that she had come down with scrofungulus - it ran in the Lucien bloodline, an illness so tied to ancient wizarding heritage that she remembered the hint of pride in her mother's eyes when she would tell the other women. That truly, the ancient houses of Lucien and Dolohov were so dedicated to remaining pure that their most recent member even had a 'noble problem' running through her veins. It didn't get more pureblooded than that. No outside taint to destroy her ancestors' hard work. And Messalina had no control over her bloodline anymore than Lily Evans or Severus Snape did and she had no ability to determine what medical action should be taken in the case of her scrofungulus at age seven.If she'd had a choice and stuck with her old St. Mungo's healers, she could've stayed the perfect pureblood daughter. She might not have gone to Hogwarts, but even if she had she might've been sorted into Gryffindor still. But something in her gut told her that her parents would have called her home with that fateful October letter rather than disowning her. Antonin would have been smug, irritatingly so, but she would've been treasured still. A Gryffindor daughter pulled out of school for health reasons, maybe sent to Beauxbatons when she got stronger under the guise that time in the French countryside would help with her ailments. Maybe it would've, maybe it wouldn't have, but the rest of proper wizarding society needn't know. It wouldn't have been forgotten, but it could have been forgiven.But infertility was a curse. Just as disgraceful and embarrassing as having a squib, just as shameful to not truly carry on the wizarding bloodline. She might not have been disowned if she had been a barren Slytherin, just a pariah doomed to the whispered rumors and wild eccentricity of her squib great uncle. But a daughter of a noble house could not be both a Gryffindor embarrassment and a useless match. It would have hurt her family's chances of maintaining their beloved motto - you couldn't be Above All Others if your child wasn't.It was a curse that meant even if she was a Slytherin and had acted in all the ways she was raised, she would have never been able to marry Evan Rosier, that boy she had been convinced was the reason the sun rose in the morning. The boy she thought that maybe, just maybe, if she was the perfect pureblood daughter in every way she might one day be able to call her betrothed. But no. Actually, it wasn't the curse that would have keep her from marrying Evan Rosier. It was her betrothal to Sirius Black."Could you owl my mother - Gwen Prewett, I mean, and ask her to come tomorrow if she can?" Messalina asked suddenly as Madam Pomfrey pulled back the curtains, wishing she didn't feel as weak and pitiful as she sounded. It was a feeling that sent her memories flying to that dark room she'd had at Lucien Manor and the years of coughing, sleeping, and aching pain in her lungs. She felt no older than ten, trapped in a never-ending cycle of illness and fear. Fear was everywhere in those days, as deeply rooted in her as her own name. Madam Pomfrey gave her a sympathetic smile, nodding as she prepared the sleeping draught."Of course Miss Lucien. You have quite a small gathering of admirers waiting outside, would you like me to send someone in to sit with you until draught takes effect? Miss Evans or Miss McKinnon perhaps?" Messalina shook her head quickly before she even fully comprehended what the matron had told her, the quick movements making her head ache and she screwed her eyes shut to dull the pain.Something about the idea of facing someone who didn't already know the earth shattering news she had discovered made her chest tighten and she gasped for breath. All of them out there living their lives and she was in here getting every truth she'd held close to her chest for the last seven years ripped away to leave a massive, bleeding sore she hadn't even realized existed. She was vulnerable, and in that feeling, she withdrew."No, please, no," she croaked, reaching for the glass of water Madam Pomfrey had placed on the bedside. The glass was too heavy and her hands shook as she brought it to her lips, nearly splashing herself several times as she drank as deeply as she could until her lungs screamed for relief."Okay, Miss Lucien," Madam Pomfrey responded softly, taking the glass from Messalina's hand. "When the coughing starts, and it will start, let it out. Trying to hold it in can scar your lungs and delay recovery. I put a bucket beside your bed - spit anything that comes up in there.""Okay," Messalina said, taking the draught from Madam Pomfrey and gulping it down. The matron took the glass from her, patting her on the knee before turning on her heel and closing the dividers tightly so no one could see in. Taking a deep, albeit shaky, breath, Messalina willed herself to turn her thoughts from a certain shaggy haired boy in her year and towards a peace that would allow her to even contemplate sleep.It was an easier idea in her mind than it was in practice, and she found it impossible to think of anything other than that boy's barking laugh and all the occasions in which she had seen him carefree - which was every time she had seen him. And so, when the sleeping draught finally hit her bloodstream a few moments later, she was grateful. For the peace. And the emptiness. And for a way to stop the tears that streamed down her face and wet her pillow.Not thirty yards from where Messalina closed her eyes to face a sleep she prayed would be dreamless, sat a collection of students. It consisted of the entirety of the Gryffindor seventh years, two Slytherins, and a Hufflepuff, all of whom leapt to their feet every time someone heard a creak or a footstep from inside the Hospital Wing. Their hopeful faces would fall when silence would take over once again and they would sink back to the floor, optimism dashed once again.They didn't really look at one another when this happened, just stared at the floor or at the door. It didn't help that the students had segregated themselves either. The Gryffindors sat together in a small group, the exception being Sirius Black who sat a short distance away glaring out the window as though irritated he was there but knew he couldn't very well leave. The two Slytherins, Graham Pucey and his cousin John Higgs, were a few feet away sitting with an anxious Jenny Connors who had spent most of the time attempting to chew each nail on her hands off.It was Graham Pucey who had arrived there first, pale and shaking. He had collapsed against the stone wall of the corridor, breathing heavily with his hands holding his knees so tightly his knuckles turned white. When he saw Messalina being laid down on a mattress and the doors to the Hospital Wing slammed shut with a finality he had not expected, his hyperventilating had gotten the better of him and he had slumped into what resembled a sitting position gasping for air and clutching at his chest.He had contemplated for a few moments whether it was possible for an otherwise healthy seventeen year old boy to die of a heart attack and the irony of it happening just outside of a Hospital Wing. It certainly felt possible, with his heart beating so strongly in his rib cage that he could hear it in his ears, could feel it in every pulse point in his body. His whole body felt like it was being squeezed, and he could never imagine an ounce of pressure taken off. It felt as though his heart might explode.Graham Pucey knew about heart attacks. Not from his family - no the great and proud wizarding family of Pucey had never lost a member to something so muggle as a heart attack. No, Puceys and Higgs and the lot of them died of old age and crazy accidents and experimentations gone wrong - grand things that that reminded everyone that at least they were dying as wizards.No, Graham Pucey didn't know of heart attacks from his family. But he did know of them because of a certain young woman he could scarcely imagine his life without, even if he couldn't share his devotion to her with the world yet. Daughter of two governors of Beauxbatons, brilliant and clever, far more beautiful than any girl he'd ever seen - and that included her half veela cousin Apolline. The way she looked at him, as though he was the answer to all her prayers just as she was to his, was enough to warm his heart and give him hope in an increasingly bleak world.So what was the catch? Why had he not shared his blossoming love with the world and walked around with the biggest smile on his face that he could imagine? Her own blood was purer than his own, the pair were mutually in love, and their families had consented to the match.Well you see for all the magic and talent that Graham Pucey possessed in the world of magic and how he would have given her as much magic as she asked for even if it left him with nothing, Delphine Durmont was a squib. He knew his family was open-minded as far was wizarding families were concerned and that her family supported the love of the boy whose family vacationed beside their summer home on Lake Annecy, but anyone who knew of Delphine and her whereabouts was in danger.There were rumors, from deep within Europe that something was happening to squibs. A few whispered tales of a sixteen year old squib in Dublin that had gone missing over the summer and her whole family murdered, the Dark Mark hovering in the sky above. Another of a man in Denmark, married happily to a witch, and with a handful of witch and wizard children that had gone missing alongside three of his children. A squib couple in Croatia with four magic children that had all disappeared without a trace on vacation in Romania.It was after that last story had come to light that the Durmonts had left notice with the Puceys that they were leaving - disappearing themselves before the Death Eaters showed up on their doorstep looking to do experiments on their daughter. That was their best guess at least of what was happening with this missing people, but the truth could have been more painful, they had no way of knowing. But the Durmonts weren't waiting to find out and Graham hadn't seen or heard from Delphine for months.He hadn't intended to hold vigil outside the Hospital Wing for Messalina, he really hadn't. But he felt hopeless and he hated that feeling more than anything in the world. It was how he felt when his thoughts returned to Delphine, gone Merlin knew where in hiding to keep her safe. It left him restless, anxious, fearful. And he wanted to feel in control of something.He dealt with his fear about Delphine by making his way to the top of the DADA class in the school - only Messalina stood before him now and it was only her natural talent that kept him from surpassing her - because it made him feel in control of their destiny. But there was nothing he could do to gain control and stifle the panic within him as he waited for news of Messalina. One second they had been talking about new brooms and the next second, she had broken her nose hitting her head on the desk and lay unmoving as blood dripped onto the floor.The others had arrived not long after he had finally been able to stop his faux heart attack to find him slumped on the floor staring at the doors to the Hospital Wing listlessly. The Gyffindors had travelled together in a pack, Black trailing behind them, and Graham's best friend and cousin John Higgs with his girlfriend Jenny Connors bringing up the rear.Graham hadn't expected John and Jenny to come, but he supposed he ought not to have been surprised. He and John did everything together after all, with the only exceptions being Graham's Friday night DADA lessons with Messalina and John hanging out with Jenny. They might have been cousins but it felt like they were brothers - bonded deeply over years of being one another's closest confidante.John and Jenny knew about Delphine - how could they not when she was all he'd talked about for two years? But as far as they knew there had been a nasty breakup and Graham didn't wish to see or talk to her again. Lying to them had made his chest ache, but the idea of something happening to Delphine because he had not told the lie he had been asked to made him retch.He was fairly certain John and Jenny believed he was rebounding with Messalina Lucien and that was why they had come up to him looking so concerned and Jenny had immediately begun rubbing his back soothingly. It had helped to calm him down, but he wasn't upset because he was in love with Messalina. She was a great girl and perhaps if Delphine had actually broken up with him, he would have been trying to get her to pay attention to him.But it was obvious to Graham she had eyes only for one Remus Lupin, and that boy's eyes seemed never to stray from hers. Puppy love, he mused as he thought of the longing, starving way Lupin looked at Lina as though she was the only thing in the world that could save him. It was how he had looked at Delphine in their early days, and it was enough to bring a small smile to his face.The smile slid off as he looked down the hallway at Lupin. The boy looked incredibly unwell and it seemed he was keeping himself in a sitting position by sheer will and determination alone. He had looked okay when he had arrived, at least as okay as he could under the circumstances, but ever since they had heard the noises from inside the Hospital Wing he looked dead.They had heard the wailing not an hour before, shortly after Madam Pomfrey had lit out of the Hospital Wing and down the corridor in the direction of the dungeons as though being chased by something. Lupin had sprung to his feet first, demanding to know if Messalina was alright but the matron had brushed him off with a snapped "she'll be fine, just so long as you get out of my way now". They had been whispering amongst themselves - something about speaking in a normal voice outside the Hospital Wing felt forbidden and wrong - when they heard a series of hauntingly loud wails from inside the room. They had all looked at one another, eyes wide and scared, with the exception of one Sirius Black.Sitting away from his friends a short distance, his eyes were fixed on the door and he had grown so pale he resembled the drawing of a vampire's victim in their DADA textbook. Graham noted the slight tremor in his hand and the deepening frown on his face. He knew Black and Lina didn't like each other - everyone in the school knew that - but Graham would have never expected this reaction from him. Before he could look too deeply into it, however, Madam Pomfrey made her way back up the steps to the dungeons, a finger pressed to her lips to tell them to remain quiet."Madam Pomfrey, is she okay?" Lily Evans was the first to vocalize what they had been asking, careful though to keep her tone measured and quiet."Miss Lucien is resting - I can't tell you more than that.""But is she going to be okay?" Remus was next to find his voice, hoarse and weak as it was."Miss Lucien needs rest - a group of sullen, whispering seventh years will not aid in her recovery. You may stop by tomorrow to check in and see if she is up for visitors then." Madam Pomfrey closed the doors to the Hospital Wing soundly, a click indicating Graham was still not in control. And it was a feeling that never seemed like it would lift.Messalina woke for the first time in the dead of the night, the Hospital Wing lit only by the moonlight. Her lungs ached as though she was drowning and she leaned over the side of the bed, grasping for the bucket Madam Pomfrey had mentioned. Half laying off her bed, Messalina began a desperate effort to cough up whatever was preventing her lungs from functioning.It was several moments of frantic hacking before Messalina was able to relieve the pressure, the all-too-familiar taste of metal filling her mouth as she spat into the bucket. Exhausted, she collapsed back against her pillows, staring up at the ceiling in a daze. Messalina's lungs felt raw and weak, her breathing steading slowly as she focused on one of the glittering glass ornamentations on the chandeliers until her eyelids grew heavy and she slipped back asleep.The peace that she had felt in the first half of the night was gone; however, as it felt as though the second she closed her eyes she was somewhere else - somewhere far from the Hospital Wing and Hogwarts. She recognized it almost immediately, though she had only been there a few times when her family had decided to get away to what they called 'the country' and what Messalina had always thought was the equally elegant chateau her father's brother had called home prior to Azkaban. Her mother had never cared for the chateau - she preferred the Dolohov's palace in Russia and mentioned it nearly every time her husband mentioned wanting to visit Normandy.But the chateau had never looked as beautiful or as decorated as it did now. The sun was shining above head, a light breeze cooling her skin and shifting her hair ever so slightly. There were tables all around the grand fountain (a beautiful witch with water pouring out of her raised wand), their pristine tableclothes rustling in the wind, and Messalina wondered where all the people were to fill those tables.Just as she went to turn her head, someone grabbed her arm in vice-like grip and she gasped, whirling to see who was attempting to rip her arm off. She was met with the dark eyes of her cousin Antonin, annoyance distorting his handsome face and turning him into the villain she knew all too well. He was dressed in immaculate dark robes with red stitching, tailored to fit him perfectly as always, and Messalina pondered just how many galleons it cost for him to wear just that one outfit."What are you doing out here?" Antonin hissed, carefully keeping his voice low and glancing around their surroundings as though to ensure no one was around. "Messalina, what are you doing? They're waiting for you, you idiot.""Who is waiting for me?" Messalina whispered back, her eyes searching his for any clue of what was going on. He gave her a look of utter disbelief, rolling his eyes and shaking his head."Your pretty little head really is full of nothing. How did you graduate from Hogwarts? That place has gone to the dogs - and the mudbloods. Let's go," he jeered, turning and dragging her down in the direction of the grand lawn of the chateau where it seemed several hundred people were gathered, standing and facing away from the pair. Messalina could barely avoid tripping over her feet as Antonin's stride was far greater than her own and his grip on his arm was certain to leave a massive bruise. "I'll be glad when you're not my problem anymore.""What are you talking about?" Messalina asked, staring up at him with her brows furrowed. Maybe there really was nothing in her head because she certainly hadn't a clue what was going on."Just shut up and say 'I do'," Antonin growled, shushing her as they reached the edge of the assembled mass of people. There was an aisle in the middle and Messalina could see her father standing off to the side of the people, glowering down at her as though she was nothing but an irritation. Her father had, after all, always preferred her cousin. Antonin handed her off quite efficiently and then it was her father's fingers digging into the flesh of her arm, hard enough to bring tears to her eyes."It took you long enough, Messalina Oksana. Just what did you think you were doing?""I'm sorry, Father, I didn't-" Somewhere nearby, someone was playing a violin and not long after half a dozen other instruments began until she knew no matter how loud she spoke, her father would use it as an excuse to ignore her. He had never cared for his daughter, he would've preferred a son and he was never shy about admitting it."I hope you're more obedient to him.""Who?" Messalina begged, but her father began to yank her down the space between the masses instead of responding. For the first time, she could see exactly who her family had been referring to as he stood at the end of the aisle staring haughtily at her as though just as disappointed in her as the rest of them. And as their eyes met, hers panicked and his disinterest, she remembered exactly what was going on.Snapping her eyes from his, Messalina looked down and noticed for the first time she was wearing a porcelain white dress - silk with the most intricate lacing and accents that suddenly felt so tight she was going to be squeezed to death. Before she had time to truly process it, she was up to the altar and her father deposited her there with a light shove, sending her almost tripping over her own feet but someone roughly righted her. She stared at the man in front of her, fear paralyzing her as she was met with the bridegroom. Sirius Orion Black."You're late," he drawled, staring down his nose at her as though she was just an annoying child."He's right," her uncle Armand told her from her right shoulder and she gasped. He was meant to be in Azkaban for killing those muggle children wasn't he? "You're not acting nearly as perfect as you should be, Messalina.""We already did all the talking - just say 'I do' and it'll be over," Sirius snapped and Messalina opened her mouth to do just that - how could she not when the eyes of everyone she'd ever met was staring at her like she was a disappointment? But she had no air in her lungs and she was on the verge of passing out. The words were caught in her throat and she was gasping and gasping and gasping...She awoke with a start, already coughing and pulled herself up on her elbows, one of her hands going to her throat just as she spraying the sheets with blood. She kept hacking, even as blood dripped down her chin until the pressure on her chest finally dissipated, sweat dripping down her face from the exertion. Messalina fell backwards onto her sheets, absentmindedly wondering if Madam Pomfrey would be upset with her for coughing up blood all over the pristine white sheets and feeling as though her heart was about to explode."Miss Lucien!" The matron came bustling in as though summoned, the tip of her wand lit to guide her way and an enchanted tray following closely after with half a dozen potions on it. Her eyes fixed on the bloody sheets immediately, but only for long enough for her to flick her wand the sheets appeared as good as new. "Are you quite alright?""Sorry for waking you," Messalina mumbled, blinking up at the woman weakly as she wiped the blood from Messalina's chin."Hush now, no mention of that. I've brought you some potions - blood-replenishing, dreamless sleep, invigoration draught, a few others. They should help you be able to sleep through the rest of the night. If only we could suppress the coughing - perhaps St. Mungo's will have a suggestion in their letter back to me. Here, Miss Lucien take these." Madam Pomfrey's voice was far more soothing than any of the potions she had Messalina drink. Messalina wished the woman could have just sat beside her bed and talked to her until she fell asleep. But as it turned out, Messalina was back asleep before the woman even closed the dividers.She woke for the final time that morning to a warm hand pressed to her forehead and the familiar scent of honeysuckle tickling her nose. She leaned into the warmth of the hand, drawing strength from the idea that another person existed in a world without this bone-deep pain and exhaustion. Messalina opened her eyes hesitantly, afraid she was in whatever dream world had her marrying Sirius Black in the French countryside had morphed into a honeymoon scene, but to her immense relief it was Gwen Prewett that sat beside her bed, looking lovingly down at Messalina.That was a look she had only received since living with the Prewetts, and one that Gwen Prewett seemed to have mastered over the years. She was somehow able to convey every thought and feeling into that gaze, leaving Messalina feeling as though she was being warmed from the inside out. Yelena Lucien would never have been capable of an ounce of that love. Except perhaps to herself or her lineage."My darling Lina," Gwen cooed, stroking the side of her face gently with the pad of her thumb. "We were so worried.""How are you feeling, kiddo?" Samuel asked from beside Gwen and Messalina felt like crying at the sight of her adoptive parents looking at her with such concern and empathy. "Madam Pomfrey said you had a rough night last night - hopefully the extra rest will make up for it.""I'm just tired," she replied, surprised by how the pain seemed to take a step back now that she was in the light of day with two people she loved so deeply. "Madam Pomfrey's been taking really good care of me.""I'm surprised it wasn't that Vector that sent you in here, I expected you to write saying he'd sent you through the wall of the castle," Samuel joked half-heartedly, a small smile on his weathered face. Gwen gave him a disapproving look and he threw his hands up in self-defense, winking at Messalina when Gwen turned her back and earning a small smile from her."And you've been getting all the draughts you need? Madam Pomfrey said she had that Slughorn brewing a few more potions and that St. Mungo's should be sending a care package soon.""Yeah, I've just been sleeping the whole time basically," Messalina replied shakily, averting her eyes from their loving gazes as the memories of the St. Mungo's file flashed before her."Samuel, why don't you step out for a moment, let me have a little girl time with my youngest," Gwen hinted as Messalina began to feel her bottom lip quivering slightly. The calm of the day had dissipated faster than she had expected and reality kicked in, jarring her. If the panic showed on her face, her parents chose to ignore it as Samuel nodded."Ahhh yes, that Lily Evans escorted us here from Dumbledore's office and said she'd wait outside - maybe I'll go ask her about some muggle inventions Arthur might be interested in," Samuel said, getting up to give Messalina a tender kiss on the forehead. "Love you, kiddo. Feel better."They waited until silence until they heard the door to the Hospital Wing open and shut, Gwen looking at Messalina as she stared down at her hands, wondering if the bucket was still on the floor if she should need to vomit."What happened, my darling?" Gwen asked softly, the concern clear on her face. And so, without looking up from her wringing hands, Messalina recounted the story of the previous day. She made it through most of the story dry-eyed; however, as she reached the end, tears were streaming down her face. Gwen, in her perpetual strength, made only supportive, encouraging comments when Messalina faltered in the story, and by the time she was done, her love for Gwen Prewett had never felt stronger."I'm so very sorry, Lina," Gwen soothed when Messalina concluded. It felt like a year had gone by since she had begun the story - telling it to someone else made it real, and it being real meant that she had to have found out days ago, not just less than 24 hours. It didn't even feel possible that only 24 hours had passed since she had been in DADA - certainly at least a few weeks had gone by. "I know it is no consolation, but this family - our family - will always -"Whatever wisdom Gwen Prewett had been about to impart on Messalina was lost to time as there was a commotion at the door to the Hospital Wing. Messalina jerked her head in the direction of the sound, something deep inside her stirring - something angry and hateful. She hadn't felt that way in so long it was almost a foreign feeling, but then again only Antonin had been able to get her to that level of rage up until this point. But now it seemed a new person could get here there in a split second. And all it took was the barking laugh of one Sirius Black.
