Disclaimer: All characters belong to J.K. Rowling.Author's Note:One thing I changed was that Rolf lived in America and went to Ilvermorny instead of him going to Hogwarts. If you like this Dramione fan fic please leave a review. If I get at least three good reviews I'll upload more chapters. Constructive criticism is appreciated. P.S. I'm not sure how long I'm going to make the story, but I'll let you know when I do know. Happy reading! :) -JayForeverHermione's P.O.V.:The minute I fell in love with Draco Malfoy I knew it would be forever. I couldn't help it. I knew he was taken, so I just let him slip through my fingers. I think he felt it too otherwise I wouldn't be in this mess, and it all started in the States...One Month Ago...Hermione's P.O.V.:Over the past four years after the war I had become pretty close with Luna Lovegood. That's why when she came back from traveling to the States with an engagement ring and Rolf Scamander attached to her hip I knew she only came back to say goodbye.That's how I ended up on a muggle ship to America. There wasn't anything left for me back in England now. After Ron and I broke up, he forced everyone to take sides. All his siblings and Harry didn't want to choose, so I made it easy for them. I moved to London. I still promised Harry I'd write, so we wouldn't lose touch. Luna was the only one who made the easy decision to be on my side. Together, we moved into a little flat in London. Now that she was leaving, I had no reason not to too. This could be my fresh start. No flashing cameras, no complicated friendships, no solitary living. Just me and America.When I got to New York, it was not what I expected. Instead of cold rains in the fall there was a light blanket of snow over everything. Right then and there I realized that this was where I belonged. I pulled my coat edges close together and apparated to the address that Luna gave me.When I arrived on the doorstep, I was amazed at the beautiful Manor in front of me. Although it looked quite spacious and big, it still looked cozy unlike Malfoy Manor. Shivers ran up my spine as I thought about my experience there. I rang the doorbell hoping that Luna would be the one to answer. As footsteps sounded closer and closer, I was shocked by who the pair of feet belonged to. Standing in the doorway was Draco Malfoy.Draco's P.O.V.:I touched the port key at the Ministry as it transported my things and me to New York. This was going to be my last chance at a vacation before I am no longer a free man. The Malfoys were no longer on top. Instead, we were the most hated wizarding family alive. Father was banned from using magic ever again, and Mother and I were on probation for a year. The only way to restore our family name was for me to marry into another good wizarding family.That's how I ended up engaged to Astoria Greengrass. We've always been good friends, but we never thought of each other in that sense. We didn't even get a say in it because our fathers arranged it. Both of us had stopped believing in blood prejudice, but our fathers still believed in that nonsense. That's why America was going to be my final getaway.I was going to be staying with my friends Rolf whom I met a few year ago when I journeyed to America right after my year of probation ended. In America, the name Malfoy means nothing. It was like I had a second chance.When I entered his Manor, I was surprised to see the continuous animal theme. Then again, his grandfather was the well known magizooligist Newt Scamander. He greeted me with open arms and led me to the living area. I was most shocked to see Luna Lovegood sitting on a bar stool staring into the air dreamily. I supposed Rolf saw my mouth hanging open because that's when he introduced her."Draco this is my beautiful fiancée Luna. Luna this is Draco, the friend I was talking about. Luna is also British," Rolf said looking lovingly at Luna. It seemed that at that moment Luna finally woke from her day dream."Malfoy?""Lovegood," I said looking her in the eyes. Rolf stared at us in confusion."Do you two know each other?" Rolf asked glancing back and forth between Luna and me."Yes, we went to Hogwarts together," answered Luna breaking my eye contact. "But we weren't the best of friends.""Ah Hogwarts! My grandfather used to tell me about that school. Although I never thought it would compare to Ilvermorny," Rolf said looking like he was lost in thoughts, probably about his old school days."Does Ilvermorny have houses too?" I asked hoping to change to subject."Why yes it does. I myself, am a Pukwudgie. Our founder based it off of Hogwarts actually. Did you know she was a descendant of Slytherin?""He should. He was a Slytherin," Luna quickly interrupted. Her voice showed the disgust in her face which she didn't try to hide. Suddenly, I felt a bit uneasy, and I wondered if this trip should be cut short.Rolf pulled Luna aside talking in whispers. As soon as they started their conversation, the doorbell rang."Could you please get that Draco?" He asked. I nodded and walked quickly to the door."No don't-" Luna shouted, but it was too late. When I opened the door, I went rigid. Standing in front of me was my childhood enemy Hermione Granger.3rd Person P.O.V.:"Granger, what are you doing here?" Draco mildly shouted at Hermione."I could ask you the same thing Malfoy!"Luna came running to the door closely followed by Rolf. "I think I could shed a little light on this situation," Luna said intervening."Oh please do," Hermione said sounding almost hysterical."Well you see, Rolf here said his friend was going to be staying here on vacation. He didn't however mention that his friend was Malfoy," Luna explained. Then, she looked at Draco," Hermione is here because she was moving to America with me and needed a place to stay at this time.""Well Malfoy, I guess we're going to have to learn to get along," Hermione said holding out her hand.Draco took it and firmly shook. He let Hermione through as she took in the beautiful inside of the manor."I'll show you to your rooms," Luna announced," You will both be staying in the West wing unless someone would like to change rooms." She paused as they both shook their heads then resumed talking," Rolf and I will be in the East wing if any of you need anything."She stopped talking and stopped in from of a big oak door which had a gold plate on it which read Hermione Granger.Hermione was shocked by how beautiful the room was. It had a giant window with scarlet drapes and a large wooden dresser. In the center of the room, was a 4 poster bed with a queen size mattress that had a white duvet on top and matching pillowcases. A set of doors were on the other side of the room which led to the bathroom.Luna left Hermione in her room and led Draco to a room across the hall. It was almost exactly like Hermione's except the drapes were a deep green. Luan wondered why Rolf was surprised she knew Draco if he knew his house color was green. She left her guests in their rooms to settle in and walked down the spiral staircase.

Disclaimer: All characters belong to J.K. RowlingAuthor's Note: We pick up the morning after Draco and Hermione move in. Please leave a review. Happy reading:)Double DateHermione P.O.V:"No absolutely not!" I shouted at Luna who proposed that Draco and I go on a double date with her and Rolf."Oh please Hermione," she begged," it'll give you a chance to get to know him for who he is now. Plus, Draco's already agreed."I look at her in disbelief. No way Malfoy would agree to go on a date with a muggle born." Fine," I say finally giving in.I spot Draco coming down the stairs and stop him at the bottom step." Malfoy, are you aware that we are going on a date tonight?" I ask him not truly believing what Luna said."Yes," he simply replied," Although do not think of it as a date. Think of it as a favor for our friends. Besides, I'm already engaged."I was shocked by these pieces of information but agreed and slowly retreated up to my room.Draco's P.O.V.:I has just woken up to knocking at my bedroom door. I wondered who it could be since the Sun wasn't even out yet. I open the door looking at a already dressed and surprisingly perky Rolf Scamander. I rubbed my eyes just to make sure this wasn't a dream."Rolf?" I asked."Yep, rise and shine." He said handing me a tray with coffee, waffles, and fruit on it. He must have wanted something. "I've come to ask you a favor." There it was. " I was wondering if you would accompany Hermione to a bar with Luna and me. Like a date. It would mean a lot to me."Ok," I replied. I had always had a crush on her since third year when she punched me in the face. I finally noticed how beautiful she looked with the gold flecks in her eyes and the curly hair. Unfortunately I disguised my feelings with hate which caused her to resent me. Maybe this was my chance. Then, it hit me. I was already engaged to Astoria Greengrass. She probably didn't even think of it as a date.Rolf left to let Draco get ready. By the time he got downstairs, Hermione was waiting for him. She asked him a few questions then went upstairs.8:00 About to Go to the Bar:Draco's P.O.V.:I knocked on Hermione's door just as she opened it. I looked at her stunned. She wore a tight black halter top, blue ripped skinny jeans, and black stilettos that were laced. Her hair fell in loose curls down her back, and she wore dark red lipstick and very little eye makeup."You look great," I said taking in the outfit."Thanks. You're not too bad yourself." I was wearing a simple v-neck T-shirt, jeans, and Adidas. I packed muggle clothes just for an occasion like this where we were going to somewhere muggle.We walked downstairs to find Luna and Rolf waiting for us at the kitchen counter. Luna was dressed in a navy blue sleeveless dress that stopped at her knees with bold makeup and blue stilettos that had ankle straps while Rolf was wearing a blue button up shirt with jeans and brown leather shoes. Rolf gave us the address and the name of the bar, so we could apparate.I stood in front of a bar with a neon sign that read JJ's. A few seconds later, Hermione appeared by side shortly followed by Luna and Rolf. We all walked in and sat in a large pleather both. Hermione ordered Kodiak, while Luna ordered red wine, and Rolf brought back a Saint Arnold for me to try.2 Hours Later:As the night progressed, we drank more and more. Hermione was clearly drunk, but I definitely wasn't. Luna was throwing up in the bathroom, and Rolf was only slightly drunk. I went outside to escape the stench of alcohol, and Hermione quickly followed."Yyoouuu knnnoooow Maalffooyy," she slurred, "yyouu'rre nnoott soo bbadd.""Thanks Granger," I said with a slight chuckle."No proobbleemm, I'm gooiinngg bacckkk innnsidde," she said stumbling back into the bar. And for the first time in my life, I smiled.So what'd you think? Definitely leave a review if you liked it. I'll try and update every couple days. Goodbye for now:)- Jay

Disclaimer: All characters belong to J.K. RowlingAuthor's Note: Thank you so much for all the good reviews I really appreciate it. This chapter begins about two weeks after the bar date. Happy reading!:)Mutual Feelings Hermione's P.O.V:Over the past week, my feelings for Draco only grew. Ever since our date, I felt an all new connection. I soon realized he wasn't the same self centered bully he was when we were younger. Now, he was a level headed intelligent man. We quickly became friends, but soon things began to change. Every time we touched, it was like an electrical pulse flowed through me.I tried to block out my feelings, but it's not as easy as it seems. Every time I saw him, my feelings came rushing into my thoughts. I started to notice things that no one else would notice. Like his stormy grey eyes with flecks of blue or the face he makes while thinking.I also started to notice how he would look at me. Sometimes, we would just stare at each other. No need for words. We also spent an increasing amount of time together. I thought it was about to speak up."Draco?" I asked one day while we were eating lunch at a cafe in Manhattan."Yeah Mione," he responded."It's just...I feel like there's something going on between us.""Me too. You know I always liked you ever since third year. I just didn't have the guts to tell you," he smiled softly, "Would you like you go on a date."I chuckled. "We can't. Already forgot about Astoria have you?"I took the look of pure shock on his face as a sign that he actually forget about her."She doesn't matter. It's an arranged marriage. I don't have feelings for her.""That doesn't mean you can cheat on her with another girl, "I told him sternly."I need to feel something before I get married to a woman I don't love.""Fine," I sigh, " I'll go on one date with you, then you have to forget about me. Deal?""Deal."Draco's P.O.V:My feelings for Hermione continued to grow until I could basically burst. I was going to say something when we ate lunch in an Manhattan cafe, but Hermione beat me to it.I was ecstatic that she felt the same way, but she quickly reminded me of Astoria back home. Fortunately, Hermione was willing to make a deal, so we could go on one date. I was just hoping I would be able to forget about her easily.Hey guys! Sorry this chapter was so short. But, next chapter is the big date! Please review and have a great day!:)

I am so sorry, but I am going to be taking a break from this story. I'm sure I'll pick this story up another day. Until then, have a great day!:)-Jay

 Disclaimer: All characters belong to J.K. Rowling.A/N: Hello my pretties! I'm back! Thankfully my break wasn't too long. Starting now I'm going to try and write longer chapters. Also after this chapter, the drama is going to start. I may do somethings that'll make you hate me, but please don't. All good things must wait, and this is no exception. The characters are going to go through some really dramatic things, but it's going to build up to their happy ending. Happy reading:) BTW there date takes place a day after the last chapter.The Date3rd P.O.V.:Draco knocked on Hermione's door. She opened it wearing a red knee length halter top dress, red and tan wedges, and bright red lipstick but very little eye makeup and blush. Therefore, the rosiness of her cheeks were from the fact that she was smitten. Draco however was wearing a casual set of dress robes and holding a bouquet of white roses. She smiled at him and took the beautiful flowers."Today, we're going to a popular wizarding restaurant that goes by the name of Fred's," Draco announced proudly," I think you'll be very surprised by the owner."Hermione's thought about who it could be. She only knew of one Fred, and that was the late Fred Weasley who knew a lot of people.Hermione P.O.V.:We flooed to the restaurant which was filled with families, couples, and people drinking at the bar. The entrance was to large oak doors with a sign that read Fred's in a cursive font. Inside, music was playing while trays with food zoomed around the room. The tables were covered in blue and yellow cloth. At the side of the reservation podium was a candy booth. I quickly spotted Canary Creams, Nosebleed Nougats, Fainting Fancies, and Puking Pastilles. Weasley Wizard Wheezes products! I see a red head walking towards us. I basically pounce on him because I'm so happy."Oi, Hermione can't breath!" George Weasley said taking a breath between each word."Oh sorry," I say letting go, "What are you doing here?""Well I wanted to expand Weasley Wizard Wheezes. Lee Jordan is co-owner of Fred's, and Ron's taking care of the shop at home.""And how is Ronald doing?" I ask harshly."Fine. He and Lavender are expecting, but he wants you back. Lavender was just a one night stand gone wrong."I scoff at George who escorts us to a table for two covered in blue cloth. He brings us two glasses and a bottle of red wine. He winks at me and leaves us with our menus. I looked at the menu which consisted of burgers, salads, and steaks."What are you having?" Draco asked me still reading his menu."I think I'm going to have a Caesar Salad. You?""Rib-eye."At that moment, two plates flew out on a tray and landed on our table. Our conversation consisted of politics, and our jobs. I told him about a flat or 'apartment' as the Americans called it that I was going to be renting before my new job starts. I had just found out that I was accepted at Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to teach Charms. When dinner came to an end, we had finished three quarters of the wine and our bill came floating out. Draco payed and tipped graciously. As we walking to the exit, someone yelled my name. I turned around to see none other than Lee Jordan.I ran up to him to give him a hug. "How are you Lee?""Good. Business is booming, and I've just proposed to Katie!" Lee answered. "I can see you're doing well in the dating world too," he said glancing at Draco with a smirk.I smiled and went back to Draco's side. "And how is Katie doing?" I asked wanting to know more about all my friends that I had abandoned during my break up with Ron."She's doing great. Her and Angelina play Chasers for a new up and coming Quidditch team. Named the New York Titans. Was it?" (A/N: The New York Titans are actually a real Quidditch team, and you should check them out.)"Oh is Angelina here too?" I ask curiously."Yeah. Her and George are celebrating their one-year anniversary as a married couple."A few minutes later, our conversation ends, and Draco and I walk outside."Hope you didn't forget about me," he joked as I now realized that while I was catching up with my old friends, I completely forgot he was still there."Off course not!" I said over dramatically.He chuckled, and we side-along apparated back to the house. At least, I thought we were going back to house. Instead, he apparated us to Algonquin Peak."I thought he could sit here for a while and admire the view," Draco said as he led me to a bench overlooking the forest.I leaned into Draco and rested my head on his chest as I slowly dozed off looking at the marvelous sight before me. When I finally woke up, I realized it must have been hours from when we first came up here. The moon was now high in the sky, and Draco's head was resting on my shoulder.I slightly shook him, but it didn't make a difference. "Draco," I cooed, "You need to make up."He slowly opened his eyes. "Hermione?" he said groggily. When his eyes were fully open his mind had registered where we were. "What time is it?"I glanced at my watch. "It's nearly midnight," I answered."How about we go back to the Manor?" he suggested."Sure," I say getting up. We apparate to the front door and walking up the stairs. When we reach my bedroom door I place a gentle kiss on his cheek. I feel electric bolts shoot up my body. From the tip of my toes to the top of my head. I felt a warmth creep up my cheeks and knew that I must be blushing a lot. "Well goodnight," I say smiling."Goodnight!"I quickly notice that is cheeks are also very rosy. I walk into my room and south dreamily."So how'd it go?" a voice suddenly asked me."Luna!" I shouted with a gasp clutching my heart. "You nearly gave me a heart attack! What are you doing here?" I ask walking towards my bed where Luna was sitting."Sorry. So, how was your date?""One second," I said walking into the bathroom. I quickly change into my pajamas and brushing my teeth. When I walk out, I find Luna sitting on my bed wondering aloud where you would find a Thunderbird.I sit next to her and start explaining what happened. As soon as I started, we started acting like a couple of schoolgirls talking about a crush. By the time I had finished, I had explained everything in excruciating detail. Luna looked at me in awe."Wow," she said amazed. "For my first date with Rolf he took me to a nightclub. To be honest I don't really remember most of it.""What," I said dramatically, "Luna Lovegood going to a nightclub.""What can I say? Rolf brings out the worst in me along with the best. Your date sounds like a dream come true.""Well my I remind you that this is our first and last date. I just did this, so he would stop bugging me.""Maybe that was the reason you went on a date with him, but I think that now that you've got to see who he really is now you've developed feelings for him."A blush crept up my cheeks. "Of course I don't like him in that way. He bullied me my entire childhood!""Whatever you say. Well, we should get to sleep it's already two in the morning. Night Mione.""Night Luna," I said as she opened the door.No matter what my feelings were I had to get them to stop. Draco was going to marry Astoria no matter how much I hated it. That wasn't going to change. And, as I drifted off into an uneasy sleep I fell asleep with the thought of what would happen if Draco didn't marry Astoria.A/N: So what did you think? Please leave a review. I'm not going to update again until I get five new positive reviews. This isn't a very high goal, so hopefully we can achieve it fast. Don't expect an update pattern because I'll just write when I want to write. Goodbye for now.-Jay

Disclaimer: All characters belong to J.K. Rowling.A/N: This is where I add in all the drama, so...P.S. I wanted to add a few little changes because some of the things that I wrote might've needed a little clearing up.The Aftermath Draco's P.O.V.:After my date with Mione, I realized that I couldn't marry Astoria. I mean she's great, but Hermione is so much better (at least for me). Besides, I know she really loves my best friend Blaise Zabini. They have known each other since they were born, but I know Blaise would never admit his true feelings. It seems my entire life fate would mess with me, giving me something great then yanking it away.I decided that I would break off the engagement to be with Mione. I sure Astoria and her family won't be that angry once her and Blaise get together, but my father will probably try and kill me with his bare hands. Not that I really care. Mother on the other hand just wants me to be happy. She's always been there for me.I decided I would confess tonight. I know it's a little rushed, but there wasn't really any other time to do it. I was supposed to leave for Britain in two days, so I needed to make sure she felt the same way.I approached Hermione's door, but before I could knock she opened the door with a suitcase in her hand.Hermione's P.O.V.:I quickly threw my stuff from around the room into my suitcase. I was supposed to move into the teacher dorms at Ilvermorny between now and next week, and today was the perfect day. After our date, I realized I might actually like Draco. Except, that could never happen. He was to marry Astoria while I teach at Ilvermorny. We can't distract each other. My heart broke at this. After I knew I had all my stuff, I opened the door to find Draco standing in front of me."Draco, what are you doing here?""I wanted to come talk to you. Why does it look like you're leaving?""I'm moving into the teacher dorms at Ilvermorny today. What did you want to talk about?"We walked into my room and sat on the recently made bed. "Look," Draco said, "I really like you. I want to be with you. We can run away from my family and be together." I could see the hope in his eyes and a single tear rolled down my face. I could see him look confused as I smiled sadly."Draco we can't be together. It was only one date. You're supposed to go back to Britain and have a big fancy wedding with Astoria while I stay here and teach young witches and wizards how to perform their best."I could see the hurt in his eyes which crushed me. At this point, a steady stream fell from my eyes."You don't mean that," he said as if he was pleaded with me to change my mind."I do, and I really am sorry:"I walked out of the room and wiped my tears, then headed downstairs.Draco's P.O.V.:My heart was beating a mile a minute as Hermione finished her speech. Once she left, I completely broke down. Waterfalls streamed from my face as I buried myself in her pillow. It still smelled like her. Cinnamon and vanilla. There, I cried until my eyes ran dry. As I sat up, someone knocked on the door. I heard it open and the bed shift weights."It's okay," I heard a soft voice say."Luna?""Yeah. I know she left and that must have been hardfor you. She really liked you though. The way she talked about the date, and you," she softly nudged my shoulder."Then why'd she leave?" I asked."Because she knew she couldn't be with you. She knows family is important, and you shouldn't throw them away for a girl you used to be rivals with.""But I think I might love her," I said."Do you wants some advice, try to forget about her. I know your hearts will work it out in the end.""But what if I can't?""That's when your love will truly be put to the test.""You know Luna, you're pretty good at giving advice.""Thanks, it might come from observing people out of the limelight back in school.""Sorry about the bullying. If it makes you feel better, I didn't let the Slytherins bully you."She chuckled, "Let me guess, it was because our hair looks the same."I quickly grew red, "yes, but also I was quite fond of your imagination. Not the I would ever share that with another soul."She laughed them rubbed my back. "Well, Rolf and I will be downstairs if you need anything." She walked out of the room and went downstairs.I didn't quite understand why she told me to forget Hermione though. She clearly knew I wasn't, but for whatever reason she was probably right. Hopefully.Luna's P.O.V.:I walked downstairs to where Rolf was sitting absorbed in my own thoughts. I knew Draco was never going to forget Mione, but I wondered what he would do. I also know Hermione loves him whether she knows it or not, but she's too stubborn to accept her feelings. She wasn't going to be with Draco if he kept trying to be with her. It might even push her away. A bit of time will be great for both of them. Either way I was anxious to see how this would play out.A Weekend Later...Hermione's P.O.V.:I sat on my bed in my private room at Ilvermorny holding the newest issue of the Daily Prophet. My tears landed on the paper as I looked at the headline. On the front, was a picture of Astoria and Draco hand and hand. Astoria was smiling although it looked fake and Draco didn't even bother trying to look happy. I heard a knock on the door and quickly wiped away my tears. I straightened my robe while walking over to the door. I opened the door to find Luna starting back at me."Luna what are you doing here?" I asked."Well, I haven't seen you all weekend, and I thought we could go get lunch together.""Luna it's 5 pm, are you serious right now?""Ok we'll get dinner. Can you just come with me?" Then, she gave me a puppy dog stare I couldn't resist."Fine.""Yay!" She grabbed my hand and led me out of the castle. Once we were out of the apparition boundaries, she side-along apparated me to an unfamiliar restaurant. We walked in and took a seat at a table near the back."So the reason I brought you here is because I wanted to talk to you about something. Or rather someone.""Oh really, who?" I was staring at my menu with a blank face hoping that she wouldn't bring up him."Draco Malfoy," she answered simply."Why do we need to talk about him?" I said in a monotone voice."Please Hermione just drop the act, I know you like him.""So what if I do. Huh? Nothing can happen between us. Besides, he already left for Astoria." By the time I finished, I was on the verge of tears."You know, I gave some advice to Draco before he left. He said that he might be in love with you.""So? Maybe I love him. Either way it's never going to happen.""How can you be so sure? You used to be completely sure about other things that were proven wrong.""Like what?""Well for one thing you thought I was completely off my rocker."I chuckled, "you haven't proven me wrong about that theory yet."Luna smiled and continued, "The point is not everything is set in stone, so don't like it is.""Maybe you're right, but what am I gonna do.""Well you can talk to Draco. I'm sure that would clear everything up.""That's a good idea, but I'm not sure if I'm ready yet.""Well, I think this trip was a success. Just don't wait too long to tell Draco how you feel. He is getting married soon."I smiled, Luna stood up. "Wait Luna where are you going we haven't even eaten dinner yet.""We didn't actually come here for dinner.""Are you serious? Luna! I wanted to eat!""Don't complain. I have dinner set up at the Manor.""Then why'd we even come here?""Because I liked the ambiance."I laughed inwardly as we left the restaurant. Luna would always be Luna, but I know she is always going to be there for me.A/N: What'd you think. Sorry this took me so long. Make sure to review if you liked it and follow so you'll be notified when I upload the next chapter. Have a great day and goodbye for now!-Jay

I have decided to take a break to work on some of my other stories. I apologize. Until I continue this story, feel free to check out my account on Wattpad under the same name. On Wattpad, I will be writing original stories. Everyone have a good day!
