"Well, this has gone horribly wrong," Sirius muttered, glancing at the screaming baby in the high chair, and then at the walls of the kitchen, which were splattered with scarlet spaghetti sauce and charred from the fire.James froze as he heard the front door open. "And it's about to get worse.""Hey James, I'm ba—" A deadly silence, punctured by a shrill cry from Harry."Uh oh," whispered Sirius."My question is, why did you think that was a good idea to begin with?"James and Sirius exchanged guilty looks as Lily glowered at them, cradling Harry in her arms. Harry was still sniffling, his chubby face screwed up."Well, he was hungry," James began, "and we didn't have any baby food left in the house, so we decided to make him something. We thought 'how hard could it be to cook him something?'""So I opened your cookbook and found the easiest thing to make," Sirius chimed in. "But unfortunately for us…" He gestured awkwardly to the spaghetti noodles decorating the walls. "That didn't work out so well. We may or may not have set fire to your kitchen."Evidenced by the scorch marks on the walls.Lily let out a noise that was half-anger, half-exasperation. "I respect your intentions, but you two can't cook for sh—" She cut herself off, remembering there was a baby in her arms. "You two can't cook at all. You knew this was going to end in disaster. Couldn't you at least have ruined my kitchen without Harry in the room?""To be fair, we didn't think it would 'end in disaster'," James said. "It wasn't that much of a fiasco.""And your kitchen is still in pretty good shape," Sirius pointed out.Lily rolled her eyes. "Could you do me a favor and never cook again? And clean up this mess. Without magic."Their expressions were comical with that last addition. Lily had scrubbed many walls as a Muggle child, but these two had never had to tidy up a messy room without any magic involved. Even as children, they'd had house-elves do it for them."Lily," Sirius moaned, gazing at the walls with a tormented expression. "You're a cruel, heartless —"James kicked him in the shins then, wisely shutting him up before he could finish his sentence. "We'd better get to it, mate."(It took them precisely two hours, thirty-six minutes to restore the kitchen to order, during which Lily put Harry to sleep and dozed off herself.It was the most peaceful afternoon she'd had in a long time.)WC: 435 wordsWritten for:Geek Pride - The Sims - Write about accidentally starting a fire whilst cooking.Capture the Flag - "My question is, why did you think that was a good idea to begin with?"Days of the Year - Baby DayColors - ScarletBirthstones - BloodstoneElizabeth's Empire - 26. James Potter IScamander's Case - 9. James Potter I365 prompts - 104. FiascoInsane House - 191. Cleaning

Trigger warnings for implied tortureHermione's skin feels like it's being ripped apart. Her tongue is bleeding from biting down so hard, and even then the screams are tearing out of her throat. To her own ears, they sound anguished, but the Death Eaters don't think so. They laugh mockingly at her.She's a Mudblood, worth the dirt on their shoes.It can't end this way. Harry and Ron are downstairs in the cellar, being held prisoner, and they wouldn't leave her —And yet they're in a situation almost as bad —Tears leak out of her eyes. How could it have come to this? They had planned out everything so carefully and somehow they'd been caught.There's the sudden sound of masculine shouts and Hermione's heart lifts, but she can't move. And then she's abruptly being pulled up by her hair, and she glimpses spells flying —And Bellatrix is screaming words she can't hear, the cool, jagged edge of a knife pressed against her throat.Hermione braces herself for a final stand. This is it. She's going to die. There is no clever trick, no plan out of this. Almost everyone in the room wants to kill her. Harry and Ron are wandless. So is she.It's time to face her fears; that she didn't have the answers to every problem.An alarming creak sounds from overhead and Bellatrix has one second to push Hermione away and escape as the chandelier comes crashing down, glass shards everywhere, and Hermione is paralyzed.Warm arms loop around her waist and pull her into his chest, protectively shielding her against the explosion of glass.She's home.Everything is a blur from then on out, but she remembers having the sensation of freefall, with Ron's arms around her.They're on a beach and Ron shifts around her so that she's leaning on his shoulder with an arm around her waist, supporting her. They're trembling, she can feel his tremors too, and his ragged breath indicating he's afraid. Of what, she isn't sure. Afraid for Harry? Afraid for her?"We're okay, we're okay," he keeps saying. A distinctly French accent drifts into the conversation — what is Fleur doing here?"'Ermione?" Ron lets her go and Hermione lets out a weak moan as one body replaces another. Fleur is slender but strong — she helps Hermione into a cottage and onto a couch.Shell Cottage, she thinks bleakly, Bill and Fleur's.And then another thought: Where's Harry? Ron's here, but Harry —?A new surge of strength rushes through her and she stands up, still clutching the blanket Fleur had wrapped around. Fleur exclaims something in French. "What are you doing?""I need to know where Harry is." Her voice is cracked, hoarse, but she perseveres. "Did he make it?""I don't know." Fleur sounds helpless and for once, Hermione can understand her.Hermione starts towards the door. It's slow and every step is dizzying but she provides herself strength — the urgent need to see if everyone is alive."'Ave you lost your mind?" Fleur says, exasperated, but she helps Hermione anyway because she senses her desperation.Hermione stumbles out into the bright daylight, allowing a moment for her eyes to adjust before she's walking unsteadily towards the beach, towards the sea, where a figure is weeping, holding a prone form —Ron's arms are around her as the overwhelming sorrow buckles her knees, but she's watching Harry, his body wracked with sobs as he holds the body of Dobby.Behind them, the sea also quiets, as if it were mourning too.596 wordsCapture the Flag - Hermione GrangerTriple Threat - "Have you lost your mind?" with angstActor Appreciation - 8. Good friends with Helena Bonham Carter - (character) Bellatrix LestrangeRecord Collection - Lego House: Character: Ron WeasleyBingo - [4.c] Genre: Hurt/ComfortWorld of Comics - (action) flying (kind of? Spells fly)Book Club - Four - object) knife, (trait) protective, (plot point) facing your fearsElizabeth's Empire - Eloquence - Hermine GrangerLiza's Loves - Mouse Trap - Write about a trap (setting or getting caught in)Lizzy's Loft - Cottage Pie - (setting) Shell CottageScamander's Case - 1. Ron WeasleyInsane House - 946. Title: No Way Out

There was only one blueberry scone and two hungry (well, semi-hungry) boys.James and Sirius stared across the table at each other, daring the other to make the first move. Peter watched their standoff with avid curiosity and Remus, all too accustomed to this situation, merely moved to sit with another group of students.James moved first, grabbing his cup of orange juice and splashing it onto Sirius's face. Sirius sputtered and snatched up the first thing he could find, which happened to be a slice of toast and threw it at James. James was ready, ducking, and the toast hit another student.Moments later, hell was unleashed. Food flew everywhere, ranging from marmite to porridge, and not a single student was spared. The teachers were shouting for calm, but they went unheard in the chaos.In the middle of it all stood two boys, one drenched in orange juice and the other with toast covered in jam stuck to his face. At some point, Sirius had hurtled over the table so he could get a better aim.In the midst of their battle, they forgot what they were battling for. The scone lay behind Sirius, neglected.Of all the things Lily had been anticipating that morning, none of them had been a food fight. However, she had the foresight to encase herself in an invisible shield so any food headed in her direction would rethink its course.Strolling through the disheveled student, Lily spotted a scone resting untouched at the center of the table. She did not see James or Sirius, but she picked up the scone and —James saw Lily take a bite out of the scone and his face drained of color. Seeing this, Sirius whirled around and blanched."Evans — !"Lily swallowed her bite. "What?" she asked."I — you — ""Speak English, Black," she said irritably. Gesturing to the pandemonium, she asked, "I'm assuming this is all your fault? Have you lost your mind?"Both of them opened their mouths, but at that moment the food froze in mid-air.Lily smirked as she saw McGonagall storming towards them, her face contorted with fury."POTTER! BLACK!""Oh shi—"363 wordsCapture the Flag - Genre: HumorTriple Threat - Humor: "Have you lost your mind?"

Achieving victory was simple, in Lord Voldemort's eyes.All he had to do was gain control of the most powerful wand in the world, and it would give him a measure of satisfaction to take it from the man who had been a mortal enemy.Had been. Now that all that remained of Dumbledore's legacy was a moldering body and a group of weaklings who were still loyal to him. Voldemort had been informed of resistance within the walls of Dumbledore's old home, but that mattered little to him. All weaklings could be crushed underfoot. All rebellions would be quelled the moment he took control. His power would be absolute. He would dissolve the Ministry of Magic, or better yet, have it be his puppet show, with him the puppetmaster.Taking the wand was almost too easy. The fools hadn't protected his body with more than a simple marble encasing. All he had to do was remove the lid and take out the wand.Sheer power raced up his arm, spreading to the rest of his body, and he laughed. Laughed at the ones who would die at his hands. Laughed at Dumbledore for trusting his body with idiots. Laughed at Harry Potter's inevitable defeat.Victory was nearing. Lord Voldemort's reign would begin. And no one would be able to stop him.He had hundreds, perhaps thousands, at his command. First, he would take his army and destroy that wretched school and everyone within its walls. He would ensure the safety of his remaining Horcruxes while his army annihilated the school and then when Harry Potter faced him, he would die.His fingers flexed, imagining how he would kill the insolent boy. Swiftly, like his parents? Or torturing his friends until he begged for mercy? For someone who was portrayed as an invincible hero, he had a lot of weaknesses.Invincible — hardly. The boy had merely escaped him based on sheer coincidence or the stupidity of his Death Eaters. Mostly the former.But soon, he would have no one to protect him. It would be him alone the stage of death.352 wordsCapture the Flag - 1. Achieve

TW for implied deathThe grief was the worst part.Sure, James had saved them from Voldemort, selflessly sacrificing his life to protect his wife and son, but it didn't make the pain any easier to bear. If anything, Lily blamed herself — for not keeping her wand on her person, for dying in James's stead.But she couldn't afford to think like that. Not with the one-year-old in her arms, crying softly.Harry had nightmares too. Lily suspected they were like hers, except he was too young to understand what he had witnessed that night. But he understood that it was not something good, and James's absence had had a profound effect on him. He woke up screaming nightly, tear tracks on his chubby cheeks. And Lily would wake up from her own nightmares and tend to Harry, trying to focus on soothing him rather than mulling over those awful dreams."Oh, Harry," she murmured, cradling him against her shoulder. "I would do anything to make them stop. I miss him too."She felt a flash of anger at Peter. Peter was the sole cause behind all of this — he had betrayed James and Lily's location to his true leader, and as a result, he'd gotten one of his best friends murdered. As soon as she could leave Harry in good care, maybe with one of the Order, she would go after the bastard and kill him herself. For all that he'd taken from her and her son. He would pay.But for now, Lily swore she would protect her son, no matter what it took. She would even give her own life if it meant Harry could be safe.It took her a few moments to realize that Harry was sound asleep against her shoulder. Quietly Lily put him back in his crib, trying not to look at the large gap between two of the bars, and snuck out of the room.Before she did, however, she stole one last look at her sleeping son and her heart warmed.Peace.339 wordsCapture the Flag - Single Parent!AU

Vernon Dursley wasn't an idiot.The boy was a useless specimen; he was a freak, an abomination, but that could be controlled. Time would prove key to stomping out the unnaturalness he had been born with. And for a while, it worked.Until the mail came on his eleventh birthday (yes, he remembered, no, he did not give a damn) and that godforsaken letter with its ridiculous wax seal and hideous penmanship erased ten years of work. The boy discovered his roots anyway.But Vernon still held on to hope. Destroying the letter crushed the boy's spirits; he was sullen, but now that his ticket to escape was gone, he was forced to return to his life of normalcy. Vernon relaxed.And then he was proven wrong.Vernon gazed around in despair — his expensive, well-kept house was flooded with those ruddy letters. And yet more poured out of the fireplace, the air vents, and — where the hell were they coming from?So he did what a brave man would do when he had to protect his family — and yes, unfortunately, the boy was included — he fled.The boy was silent the entire journey, but Vernon could feel the waves of resentment and smugness rolling off of him, and his blood boiled. Well, he'd show him.It was storming the night he came — that man, if he could even call him that. This was some freakish work of nature, this enormous man, who was twice Vernon's girth and towered over him. Up till then, Vernon had been at peace, assured that none of those bloody letters could find them here.And damn if he didn't scare the hell out of Vernon, his voice booming over the raging storm, his black eyes blazing with fury. Vernon flinched as there was a flash of light and Dudley started squealing.His attention was immediately diverted to his son, who was now sporting a pink, curly pig's tail.Petunia was trembling beside him, so he instinctively moved to protect her, and attempted to glare at the man.It did not work.The boy was then whisked away by this awful man and Vernon's last thought was:Good riddance.He had never liked the boy anyway.375 wordsCapture the Flag - Thunderstorm

"...disgrace our family name...blood traitors, Mudbloods, you ought to be ashamed...trying to corrupt your brother...a black sheep." Sirius stares at the impeccably-shined floor as each word spewed out of his mother's mouth raises his blood's temperature by one degree, until it's boiling furiously."Have you got nothing to say for yourself?" Walburga rasps, finally out of steam. "Are you even remotely ashamed?"The instinctive, complacent yes rises to his lips, but he swallows back the bitter lie. "No," he says, lifting his gaze to meet his mother's. "I'm not ashamed that I met James. James treated me better than any of you did."Walburga's face fills up with outrage. "You ungrateful brat!" she shouts. "You spineless worm! You're tainting our name! We gave you everything you've ever wanted, and yet you still gallivant off to that school and return with no morals, no shame —"Each word stings as his mother tries to verbally beat sense into him, but Sirius thinks of James — fearless, confident James — and he stands a little bit taller."Mother!" He cuts into her tirade, his voice commanding and proud. "Just...just shut up!"Walburga freezes and her eyes narrow ominously. "What did you just say to me?"He's so, so tired of obedience."Shut up," he repeats. "I'm sick of — of your prejudices, of your selfishness, your disgusting ideals. You're trying to twist me into something I'm not. What's so honorable about being a Black when all you do is sneer at 'lesser' wizards? I thought Houses were supposed to embrace people, not discriminate by blood!""That's not how it works, dear son." Walburga takes a step forward, her voice soft, but not soft enough to disguise the ominousness. "We do not sneer, we step upon them. Their blood is less pure than ours — " through inbreeding, Sirius thinks, wrinkling his nose "—and they think they can dictate what we do. We are not so foolish. We know anyone with impure blood does not have a right to perform magic. Their powers are either stolen or passed down by a blood traitor. The Potters were once such a family — their ancestors were pure, but somewhere along the way, a Mudblood or half-blood married into the family and bore children with tainted blood. That is why they are blood traitors, and that is why you cannot associate with that blood traitor classmate of yours. You bring dishonor to our family when you commiserate with someone like him."Sirius let out a derisive laugh. "Then you're an idiot. James is purer than anyone than I've ever known — he is pure at heart, and even if his family is a traitor in your so-called opinion, which, by the way, is ridiculous and outdated."Walburga stared at her flesh and blood, her face flooding with heat — angry heat. How dare he be so insolent, especially when she had groomed him to be the head of the noble House of Black?It was that damn school, she decided. Next year, they would enroll him at Durmstrang, where they valued purebloods over all else. Her son's nonsense would be stomped out of him.Yes, that's what she would.Sirius, quite stubbornly, refused to comply. When they presented him with an acceptance letter containing the list of required materials, he ripped it up and threw it into the fire. When they took him to Diagon Alley, he adopted a sullen expression and refused to buy anything that was on the list.This rebellious phase would die down, Walburga figured. The school year was nearing and he would have no choice but to attend Durmstrang.And then, the night of August 31st, Sirius ran away. Yes, he took his trunk, his wand, everything. He fled. And he went straight to the Potters, who let him spend the night and dropped him off with James at the station in the morning.During all of this, Walburga wasn't panicking for the reasons everyone thought she was. She was upset that he, in a cowardly, childish move, had run from his family, without regarding what would happen to them. People would laugh at the Blacks if they found out.So the Blacks kept this among themselves, and no one ever knew.This became an annual occurrence. No matter how much his parents fought with him, he defended his decisions with pride. Blacks were proud, the only thing he was willing to admit. He refused to be cowed by his parents' harsh words.Nor would he stay the whole summer.His visits to the Potters became earlier until his parents had had enough and burned him off the family tree. That night, he packed his things and moved in with the Potters permanently.All while keeping his head high.801 wordsCapture the Flag - "Pride" by American Authors

Hermione was perfectly content to spend her birthday in bed, but duty called. Being MInister of Magic sucked sometimes. Sure, being an authority figure and leader of a magical government had its benefits, but it meant that Hermione was constantly under pressure to perform.So when Kingsley's Patronus appeared in her bedroom at five in the morning, she sighed, unwound herself from Ron (who, mind you, had to be up at eight), and stumbled into the loo.Only then, when the bright lights nearly blinded her, did she realize it was her birthday.Birthdays had lost meaning a long time ago. After seventeen, every birthday was blurred. She had been thrown into a war, reparations, and Ministry work since then. Now her birthdays were celebrated with late nights and hastily-baked cupcakes (courtesy of Ron, Rose, and Hugo), and shoddily-wrapped gifts. While she appreciated the efforts, she missed being young and having celebrations at Hogwarts, where she had fun.Fun was a rare commodity.Hermione's day started with an impatient pair of goblins who had come from Gringotts. A tedious meeting with the Ministry Heads followed, and then she'd had a stack of paperwork taller than her to tackle.When Ron came to her office at half-past eight pm, she was elbow-deep in files and righteously pissed off."I brought supper," he said, holding up a bag.Hermione pounced on him. "I'm starving," she moaned. "You're the best.""Damn right I am," Ron joked, but he quickly sobered up and cocked his head. "You look exhausted.""If everyone did their jobs around here, I would still look young and beautiful," she grumbled, "and not look like I aged twenty years in one day."Ron laughed. "Anything I can help with?" he offered."Yeah, if you could take my job, that would be a real help."He laughed again. "If only."They ate in silence, Hermione blissfully closing her eyes as the delicious roll entered her mouth, buttery and warm. "You're a life-saver," she murmured."I know." Ron watched her carefully, eating little, and giving her more food. Hermione pretended not to notice."Here, have this, I'm stuffed," she said, pushing the canteen towards him."Did you eat enough?""I'm stuffed," she repeated."Okay."As he spooned some onion soup into his mouth, Hermione wiped her mouth with a napkin, amazed they hadn't been interrupted. "Where are the kids? Who's taking care of them?""I left them with their grandmum and grandad," he said. "Mum was more than happy to watch them. She'll keep them in line."Hermione felt a surge of gratitude towards her mother-in-law. Molly Weasley had been like a second mother to her. While she was stern, she loved fiercely with her whole heart and had been quick to accept Hermione into the Weasley family."Thank you," she said quietly, meeting her husband's eyes. Ron seemed to sense she wasn't thanking him for just bringing her food."Of course," he said. Something lit up in his eyes. "It's your birthday. We shouldn't be here. Let's go surprise Rose and Hugo.""But the paperwork — ""— can wait until tomorrow." Ron seized her wrist from across the desk and spun, Apparating them both to the Burrow."Ron —!""I'm sorry," he said, cupping her face with his hands. "But we haven't celebrated your birthday properly in years. Let's have some fun."Hermione's last protest died in her throat and she nodded.Molly and Hermione's children were waiting for her, but this time, it wasn't just them. It was the entire Weasley family. As she stood in the entryway, stunned, Ron whispered, "Surprise."Harry and Ginny approached them, carrying a large cake. "Happy birthday, 'Mione," Harry said, using an old nickname of hers. He was smiling warmly at her, just like everyone else there.Hermione blinked back tears. "How — I —"Ginny smiled. "Happy birthday," she echoed."I don't understand.""It's your birthday," said Harry, "and we wanted to do something special. We've all been busy around this time and we never get to celebrate. You do so much for us and we reckoned it was time to return it in kind."Hermione felt warmth wash over her. She glanced at her children and they both beamed. Ginny followed her line of sight and beamed as well. "It was their idea," she said. "They Flooed and owled everyone we know. They were the masterminds behind all of this. We just helped decorate and make a cake.""You did this for me?" Hermione asked of Rose and Hugo and they nodded simultaneously. "Thank you. I love you both so much.""Enough of the sentiments," George broke in. Angelina elbowed him and he winced. "Let's get to partying."Hermione giggled. As her family surrounded her, she couldn't help but think that this was the perfect ending for a day that had seemed mundane."Thank you," she said to Ron, who smiled and wrapped her in a hug.825 wordsCapture the Flag - Birthday

"I'm in love with you."James sits up abruptly and Lily's head slides off his chest. They'd been lying in the sunshine on a blanket, enjoying the pleasant day, and Lily's head had been on his chest. Then the words "in love with you" come out of her mouth, and James is stunned."You're...in love with…" His mouth is moving but his mind is not."Please don't freak out." Lily takes his hand between hers and meets his eyes, her own burning with resolve. "I'm in love with you. I have been since before we started dating, and it was never the right time, and I don't know if you feel the same — "Now she's the one freaking out. Feeling absurdly calm, James takes his free hand and cups her cheek, shutting her up. He kisses her, pouring everything he's ever felt for her, communicating the feelings unearthed by her confession. It's intimate, tender, and he takes his time pulling away."I love you too," he tells her. The sunlight slants across her red hair, turning it into flame. "I've loved you since fifth year, since you berated me for dangling Snape by his ankle. I realized then how truly amazing you are, and I could not make the same mistake he did — let you go.""You were an idiot in fifth year," she says, but she's smiling radiantly, so radiantly that his heart sings a love song. "But you changed for the better and that's what made me fall in love with you. You stopped being immature, you stopped asking me out and showering me with unwanted advances. You started behaving like you wanted to be friends with me, which threw me for a loop. And then I thought that you had stopped having feelings for me.""I never did," he begins, but she cus him off."And when I started fancying you, that was hard to bear," she continues. "I thought there was no way that I would have a shot with you, and after all I'd done to you, I thought you would reject me. So I kept it to myself. I didn't even tell my friends.""I fell in love with you after we started dating and I realized it was too damn hard not to. So I stopped fighting and here we are."Lily looks at him expectantly. But he doesn't say anything, just stares at her for a long moment.And then he opens his arms.A breathtaking smile steals across her face and she's falling, falling into his arms, and he thinks he'll never make the same mistake as Snape had — he would never let her go.448 wordsCapture the Flag - Being in love

The Bloody Baron gives her a nod as he passes by her and Helena's heart squeezes, but she nods back.The Hogwarts House ghosts have a monthly meeting, but this month Helena doesn't feel up to it. Nothing has changed, except for that awful old Umbridge woman punishing more students than usual.Helena drifts over to Nearly-Headless Nick, who has his head on tonight. He's alone, gazing out one of the windows pensively."Something on your mind?" she asks and Nick startles, glancing fleetingly at her before returning his gaze to the window."I can sense darkness," he mutters. "I can sense it here in this castle, but where is it coming from? Not from that foul toad woman," he adds when Helena opens her mouth, "but some other source. Things haven't been the same since Dumbledore left…"He trails off. Helena feels the Fat Friar's presence before he's at Nick's left. "Darkness?" he queries, and for once he doesn't sound jovial. "Yes, I can feel it too. Something's rising and I don't like it one bit."Helena finally speaks. "It definitely coming from the students," she ventures. "Particularly from one house, I can feel the anger stirring."The three of them exchange looks, silently and unanimously agreeing that it was coming from the house of the ghost not present.Helena's heart squeezes again. Even though she might not be in love with him anymore, she still cares about him. And if it's his house stirring…"Let's do what we can to protect the students," she says suddenly. "Let's promise to protect them no matter what limitations we have. They are ours to shield. We must not let them fall prey to this darkness we all feel.""Agreed." The other two agree at once.Helena nods, satisfied, and looks back at the window."I promise."305 wordsCapture the Flag - Ghost

Today had been the perfect day for a picnic, Pansy mused. Maybe this wasn't so bad after all.Her girlfriend, Ginny, has the picnic basket open and is rummaging through it. "My mum made us a feast," she declares happily. "There's roast chicken, buttered rolls, onion soup, the works. You pick first, since you hate this outing so much."Pansy rolls her eyes, hiding a smile, and picks the chicken. Ginny pulls out a sealed container and hands it to her, and Pansy marvels at how good the chicken smells, with its earthy spices and mouthwatering sauce. She digs into it happily.She doesn't realize that Ginny is watching her until she devours half of the chicken. Ginny is gazing at her with a tender expression, holding a buttered roll in her hand."What are you staring at?" Pansy asks snappishly.Ginny tears her gaze away. "Nothing," she replies, and continues rifling through the basket.It takes them only a short time to finish everything and Pansy feels stuffed but content. They put the basket aside and spread out on the blanket. Or, Pansy spreads out and Ginny cuddles up to her, pressing her face into Pansy's chest.And then the kissing starts.Pansy finds herself under Ginny, Ginny's long red hair acting as a curtain and shielding them from — what? They're in a private meadow. No one around for kilometers.Ginny's panting, not with effort, but with passion. As their eyes meet, Pansy is overcome with something more intense — and it's not lust. Happiness.Ginny makes her happy. Happier than she's felt in a long time.And when she tells this to Ginny at their wedding, Ginny doesn't waste time launching herself into Pansy's arms and kissing her until she can't see straight.Yes, this is what happiness feels like.303 wordsCapture the Flag - Basket

Aurors were meant to deal with dangerous tasks, but this...this definitely took the cake.James winced as the hot curling iron poked him in the cheek again. "Watch it," he snapped.Lily stifled a giggle. He was just grumpy because he had been chosen for this particular assignment. This particular assignment forced him to do something that stripped him of his manhood.James Potter was going drag."Why didn't he choose Sirius for this mission?" James complained for the tenth time that afternoon. "He has more feminine features than I do!""Because Sirius, even as a girl, is pretty recognizable," Lily said. "You, on the other hand…"James scowled. Stupid Auror missions.Ten agonizing minutes later, Lily finally stopped curling his hair and let him see himself in the mirror. What he saw made him want to quit his job.Long, curly black hair cascading down his back. His eyebrows were penciled in and his eyes — Lily was making him wear colored contact lenses, so his eyes were bright blue instead of hazel. She had lined his eyelid with some kind of black liquid. She had left his eyelashes alone, thankfully, since they were naturally long. She had smeared some skin-colored paste over his face, dabbed blush on his cheeks, and completed the look with ruby lipstick.Next time he saw Moody, he was going to kill him."See, you don't look bad," Lily said cautiously, trying to appease his wounded ego. "You make a handsome girl.""...Do I?" James asked uncertainly, squinting. "I wish I could wear glasses.""Glasses are too much of a giveaway," Lily reminded him, "especially yours. I'd bet the Death Eaters have studied and memorized your features since you tend to be on the attacking team so much.""You're right," he said, resigned. "But it still looks weird if I'm squinting all the time. Isn't there a spell or potion of some sort that can improve my vision?"Lily sighed. "There is," she said, "but it will take too long to make. We don't have that much time. The mission is tonight.""I know."A beat of silence."...So, what dress am I wearing?""You've got to be kidding me." James stared at his reflection, disgusted. "I have more respect for women now."Lily wasn't even trying to contain her laughter — she was currently doubled over, laughing at James's expense. Laughing.James couldn't tear his eyes away, because it was impossible to. His dress was a slinky number, designed for a night out. The dress was at least long, to hide his unshaved legs (they'd been running out of time and James kept complaining). It was black and had a high neck, halter-style (that's what Lily called it), and was sleeveless. In other circumstances, it would've looked fantastic on a woman.Not when the woman was actually a man masquerading as a woman."W-Wow, I think y-you look better than m-me in that dress," Lily forced out between peals of laughter.James tried for a pout, but it looked more like he was constipated, which caused his to wife choke."...I quit," he said.522 wordsAuction - Prompt: AurorInsane House: 953. New and Improved

Warning for character death - not too graphic."It is as I suspected, Mr Malfoy," the Healer declared grimly. "You are afflicted with dragon pox.""It took you that long to arrive at that conclusion?" Abraxas rasped, glaring condescendingly at the Healer. "A dimwitted Bowtruckle could've done it faster."The Healer looked affronted. Abraxas sank further into his pillows, refusing to feel guilty."You'll have to forgive my father's temper, Healer," came a silky drawl — Abraxas's son, Lucius, who stood at the foot of his father's bed. "Given the circumstances."Abraxas peered resentfully at Lucius — his eyesight was poor, and both men were blurry figures. He used his ears to pinpoint the sound of each voice."I understand." The Healer reverted to a sympathetic tone, which only stoked his ire. Malfoys did not need the sympathy of incompetent Healers. "I'd better return to St Mungo's. The recent outbreak of dragon pox has the hospital short staffed…"Lucius murmured something, there was the sound of coins clacking, and then the door shut."I told you we should have hired a personal physician," Abraxas sniffed. "These fools are completely under-qualified these days.""I assure you, the Healer did his best," Lucius said patiently. "He has tended to my wife and son quite admirably and devotedly. It is a shame he has Mudblood blood running through his veins."Abraxas grunted, sitting up gingerly. "In my day, wizards and Muggles didn't breed — and if they did, they would be ostracized and thoroughly shamed." He touched a pockmark on his face. "I'd have chastised him appropriately, if I didn't have this horrible disease…"A sudden wave of exhaustion overcame him and he fell backwards into the bed. Lucius pulled the duvet to his chest and murmured, "Rest, Father."Sleep claimed him after a few minutes.Abraxas's condition rapidly worsened as the days dragged by, so Lucius sent a servant to tend to all of his needs, not wishing to catch the disease himself. The same Healer came by once every two days to check him over, only to decree that he was getting worse.His skin now had a hideous green tinge. His vision was deteriorating and his muscle movements were limited. He relied heavily on his hearing, which was also beginning to weaken."I'm not weak," he'd protested once when Lucius had paid him a rare visit — even then, he was wearing a mask over his face to protect himself.Lucius had simply gazed at him, resigned, and had Abraxas been at full strength, his son would have received a verbal lashing.This was not good.His last words were, of course, about purity — his life's purpose."Make this a purer world," he'd whispered, and then his eyes had shut and Death claimed his life.A single tear slipped from Lucius's eye, but it was impossible to tell since the mask was obscuring his entire face.Goodbye, Father.The funeral was short and unsentimental — just the way he would have preferred it. It was attended mainly by his son's family — Lucius, Narcissa, and Draco, all dressed in black robes, watching as a black casket with silver trim was carried down the aisle. Lucius had invited a select few well-wishers, who murmured their (empty) condolences, and then the casket was buried.No speech. No tears. Just a simple funeral for a simple man, who had achieved something great in their eyes — contributing tremendously to the effort of purifying their world.574 wordsAuction - Abraxas MalfoyInsane House - 312. Abraxas Malfoy

Slight deviation from canon where Alice and Frank are in perfect health, Remus isn't dead, but James and Lily still are.October 31st, 1998 - Godric's HollowThe three of them crowded around the joint headstone, an unnatural quietness settling over them as they gazed at the inscription engraved in the smooth stone."...I can't believe it's been seventeen years," Alice murmured finally. She stood in the middle, holding the hands of two men. She gave the one on her right a comforting squeeze, as he'd lost the most from their sacrifice. Not only had his friends been murdered, but he'd had to watch their son grow up from the shadows. He'd lost all of his dearest childhood friends to the darkness."I still miss them," Remus whispered. "I miss hearing Lily's laugh, the way she would light up any room she walked into. I miss James's awful jokes — he'd tell them when everyone was eating supper and we'd spend the rest of the meal teasing him about it." He smiled fondly, almost sadly, as he lost himself in the memory for a mere moment.Now Frank moved away from Alice, grasping Remus's shoulders and kissing him sympathetically on the back of his head."I miss them too," he said against Remus's hair. "Their deaths never got any easier to bear, knowing it could've been prevented…""But that man paid for his crimes — both of them did," Alice reminded him. "Both of them at the hands of their son. Their sacrifice was avenged.""They'd be so proud of Harry," Frank added. "They'd be proud — not because he's their son, but because he's a good man."Remus sighed. "I suppose that makes sense. I know that's what they would have wanted.""They would've been proud of you too, Remus," Alice said. "Everything you did — everything you did to help fight in the war. You helped Harry, guided him, and shaped him into the man he is now.""...Thank you," he whispered, as Alice's words struck a chord in his heart.Alice raised her wand and a wreath of lilies blossomed in midair and fell to the ground next to the wreath of wilting Christmas roses. As an afterthought, Remus lifted his own wand and a shower of water sprayed out from his wand, thoroughly watering both wreaths.The three of them stood there for a few minutes longer before the joyful laughter of children reached their ears. It was Halloween, after all, and the Muggle children would be running around on the streets in costumes and carrying bags of candy."We should go," Frank said wearily, Alice nodding as he spoke.Remus let them pull him back towards the kissing gate, a weight lifted his shoulders; he had received closure from those precious minutes spent at his friends' grave.As he walked through the kissing gate, his eyes caught on a young boy wearing a deer costume. As he stared, the boy turned and Remus glimpsed messy black and bright hazel eyes.His breath hitched; beside him, his lovers stopped too. And then the boy moved, running down the street to join a redheaded girl wearing an elf costume. Sounds of their laughter reached Remus's ears; it sounded like the boy was teasing the girl, who stomped her foot and called him something foul.Remus smiled. A sense of peace washed over him, not unlike the time he'd watched Voldemort's body be cremated (but this felt better in a different way, for obvious reasons). He glanced at Alice and Frank, and their matching grins told him they felt the same."Let's go home," he said, slipping his hand into Frank's, and murmuring one last goodbye to the graveyard behind him.After all, he'd found a new place to call home — and he could finally let go of the one in his past.624 wordsAuction - Prompt: (triad) Alice/Remus/FrankTreasure Hunt - Machete - (action) laughingInsane House - 687. "Your wound is probably not your fault. But your healing is your responsibility."- Denice Frohman365 - 116. FoulWriting ClubBingo - But what happens AFTER canon - Write a fic set after the books but before next-genAmber's Attic - 18. (pairing type) polyshipScamander's Case - 15. GriefLyric Alley - 2TV Spree - 12. A trio/triadEntitled - 3

When Percy was five, he thought his big brother Bill was the coolest boy in the world. Bill was off to Hogwarts and he looked so unafraid."Aren't you scared?" Percy had asked, and Bill shook his head."No, I'm not. Because I know I'll be fine."Percy wished he had his brother's confidence. "I'll miss you," he'd said, gazing up at Bill with his eyes watering.Bill's face softened. "I'll miss you too, Perce. C'mere." With ease, he scooped Percy into his arms. "How about one last broomstick ride before I go?"Percy nodded, grinning.When Percy went to Hogwarts, Bill was starting his sixth year. Bill was popular, and Percy could see why — his infectious laugh, his easygoing nature, his studious behavior. He was naturally gifted with magic, so all of the teachers loved him. Percy just hoped he could live up to his brother's standard.He met a boy named Oliver Wood on the Hogwarts Express. Two older boys were teasing him for his name, so Percy stepped in."Back off!" he snapped, his voice quivering but standing up tall, like Bill had taught him."Oh look, it's a Weasley," one of the boys sneered — Percy noticed he was wearing a loose silver and green tie, so he must be a Slytherin. "You're one to talk — I hear your father's —""Is something going on here?" Bill's voice interjected as Percy shied away, quaking. The two Slytherin boys turned, and their faces drained of color when they saw who it was. Seemingly, Bill's reputation preceded him."Nothing," the boys muttered in unison."Well, you're lucky I'm feeling generous today," Bill said, "otherwise I'd report you to Slughorn and dock points from Slytherin, but we don't want to start the year off on a bad note, do we?"The Slytherins wisely kept their lips sealed and shuffled down the train, glaring balefully at the three of them."Thanks, Bill," Percy said, the tremors beginning to subside."It's not a problem. If they keep harassing you, tell me and I'll take care of it.""Thanks," Oliver said softly, causing them both to jump — they had forgotten he was there."You're Oliver, right? Why don't you come and join us in our train compartment? Mum gave me a little extra pocket money this year so I'll buy us a bunch of sweets off the trolley." Bill smiled invitingly at the boy and Oliver nodded gratefully."Sounds good. Thanks again."Bill clapped him on the shoulder. "It's no problem."422 wordsAuction: Percy&Bill

Warning for swearing.Alice knows she's doomed the moment her soulmate walks into the coffee shop.She's got coffee-colored hair, pinned back in a businesslike bun. She's wearing a crisp pantsuit that reminds Alice of that American politician — what was her name? Hillary? She certainly exudes the confidence of a politician until her eyes lock onto Alice's.And her eyes change color.Alice watches, her hands slack on the counter, as the girl's eyes turn brown and feels as her own turn blue. It's a sort of funny sensation, like tingling but not quite.And the first thing she feels is relief.See, having two different colored eyes is normal, but most people didn't have such drastically different eye colors as Alice did. Most people had varying shades of green, or blue, or brown — not one starkly blue, and the other a deep brown.Alice had been called a freak and an abomination all her life, so she is fittingly thrilled when her soulmate walks in through the door.It helps that she's pretty too — but Alice isn't shallow.The girl makes a beeline straight for Alice, and shit shit SHIT she isn't ready and —— dammit, there's no one waiting in line. The one time —"Hello."Alice's eyes snap to the girl in the pantsuit and bless her heart, she's nervous too. Front teeth gnawing at her lower lips, Her chocolate brown eyes, wide and apprehensive."I'm Hermione," she says when Alice doesn't speak. "I—I think we're soulmates?"Alice nods, her knuckles white from grasping the counter edge so hard. "Y-Yeah," she murmurs.Please, can this be any more awkward?"I think we are," she tries again. "Maybe — maybe we can meet up sometime? Not like a date," she hastens to add, "but just to get to know each other better. Bond. Y'know, what soulmates do."Blimey, just kill me now.But Hermione smiles and Alice's knees go weak with — what? Relief again? Or perhaps it's her body telling her to melt into a puddle."When do you get off of work?""At five," Alice says."Perfect." Hermione beams. "I'll drop by here after my case — and we can get something other than coffee if that's alright with you. I'd imagine you're sick of coffee. I know this cute little place that sells —"As Hermione rambles, Alice regains her composure and smiles, nodding along.Hermione...she wouldn't be a bad person to spend her life with.413 wordsAuction - 28-1: Hermione/AlicePinata - Hard: Coffee Shop!AU

Warning for character death (not explicit)Tom knows he's going to rule the world someday.Someday, his name will be carved into the history books, statues of him will be erected. Everyone will cower in fear and he will reign, leading the world into a shining new era.He doesn't count on the pesky boy with the scar and the bottle-green eyes to dethrone him.Gathering a following is easy; there are many who thirst for the birth of a new era, ruled by purebloods with a powerful man at the helm.But what they don't know is Tom's most closely-guarded secret — his mother is (or was) a witch, but his father was a Muggle. His mother had fallen in love with a man who only loved her falsely.Love. Such a putrid, puny word. Love was for fools, for the weak — and it was love that was his downfall. It made him weak, but no matter. He had a safeguard in place — he lived on in a journal, a locket, and a few other trinkets precious to him.Love. Ha. Love would fall too.He feels the boy for the first time in a pub, but he truly feels the boy when his hands are blistering his face and agony, agony, AGONY —The boy is lucky, he supposes, that Dumbledore saves him — he'll just be alive for a little longer.The second time, the boy nearly does die, and it's the first time Tom feels alive since his death. Now the boy is screaming, a long, curved tooth in his arm and —That bloody phoenix. He was careless. He should have gotten rid of the bloody bird. Now the boy lives on.But again, Tom knows the boy won't live for much longer — after all, he's got enemies that he doesn't know about yet.He has a plan set into motion — Lucius almost derails it, but his smooth words cover his tracks. And Tom is reborn just a few months later.He should've caught the boy now, back in his strongest form — but no, he is still weak, because the boy escapes once again. And it's the first time Tom hears his victims' voices, screaming, cursing his name, obscuring his vision, and he swats at them, trying to dispel the ghosts.But when the smoke clears, the boy is gone.He waits and he waits and bides his time, watching from the shadows, waiting for the world to break the boy — and it doesn't.His soul is ripped into pieces and destroyed and then he's vulnerable, just another man who can be killed. Another man who is a casualty of this war he's caused.When he dies, the last thing he sees is the cracked ceiling, the blinding green light rushing to meet him.He is not Tom. He is not Voldemort.He is dead.480 wordsAuction (19-2): Be Prepared - The Lion King

Nagini is the only one he can trust.He's surrounded by fools — sniveling weaklings with nothing left who are blindly following his orders. Lucius Malfoy is nothing now — reduced to a criminal with only his wife and son left to live for.For the first time since leaving Hogwarts, Voldemort is alone.Well, not entirely alone — his ever-faithful serpent Nagini lays languidly by his side, her forked tongue flicking out of her mouth. She is deadly, she is beautiful, and the only one truly loyal to Lord Voldemort.Nagini would not hesitate to obey his commands; she is always poised to do his bidding exactly how he wishes it. Only Nagini will not cower; she will die with him.She's also one of his Horcruxes, and if he's right, she's the last one left — and Potter knows it. Potter, aside from seeing his friends die, will come to him with the intent of killing his servant. Lord Voldemort will not let it happen; he already has one reason to kill the boy."Stay close," he whispers and Nagini coils herself effortlessly around his feet. "He is coming — I can feel it. It will all be over soon."He twists his new wand in his fingers — the most powerful wand in existence, but yet it is not truly his. It belongs to his spy, who has served him well, but Lord Voldemort has no use for anymore besides obtaining the allegiance of the Elder Wand.He must kill Severus Snape. A man who is loyal but blind; only in his service because of a mistake years earlier involving a woman with red hair and the reason why Potter lives to this day.As Severus Snape walks into the Shrieking Shack, Lord Voldemort is ready.After all, victory requires sacrifice.304 wordsAuction: 26-3: Nagini

"You love James."It's not a question; they're beyond questions at this point. It's only statements. Flat, harsh truths."So what if I do?" Regulus spits, his eyes flashing. "He's in love with Lily Evans. What the hell am I supposed to do?""You're wrong," Peter says quietly. "He's not in love with Lily.""Really." Regulus snorts, disbelief painted on his face. "So all those displays were just — just pranks? A silly little show? Don't make me laugh." He turns his head away. "He's in love with her. Everyone knows it.""I didn't say that it was just a show," Peter retorts. "He's not in love with her. Enamored by her, yes, but not in love. I know him.""What are you saying, then?""He. Does not. Love. Her." Peter emphasizes every word. "You have a chance.""Oh please. He sees me as Sirius's little brother. It's never going to be anything more than that." A beat of silence. "Just leave me alone, Pettigrew."It's the use of his surname that makes Peter frown. "Suit yourself," he says, shrugging. "I'm the only one who can help you — Sirius won't, Remus is...preoccupied, and you obviously are too chicken to talk to James. If you need me, you know how to find me."Regulus never confesses, so James marries Lily, and he dies by her side at Godric's Hollow. Regulus goes after Voldemort's Horcrux, so he dies too.After Sirius is hauled off to Azkaban, Peter dares to set foot in the Potters' old cottage. One side is completely blown out, the debris littering the snow, and he wonders if he should go inside.He tells himself it's because he wants to see where his master fell, but it's something else that's tugging him forward, past the gate and into the cottage.He doesn't make any detours, climbing up the stairs and into the most broken part of the house, where the spell backfired. Harry's crib, where Peter had spent many moments with his friend's young son, is nothing but rubble now.He falls to his knees.What if James hadn't married Lily? What if Regulus had confessed? What if Peter hadn't — hadn't — opened his mouth? Joined Lord Voldemort? Convinced Regulus to take his chance?He hangs his head, tasting years of regret on his tongue, but he cannot back out now — he is too far gone.401 wordsAuction (27-2): Regulus/Peter (platonic or romantic)

Serendipity was a beautiful feeling.Lily smoothed out the blanket on the warm, golden sand as James unpacked the picnic basket. Sandwiches, chips, and soda were scattered across the tartan-colored blanket."That's quite a feast," James marveled. "Your mum is incredible. Thank Merlin I married into your family.""You do realize when you married me, you married all of us?" Lily teased. "Including Petunia?""...Alright, maybe not completely thankful," James amended. "But your mum works wonders in the kitchen.""She does, doesn't she?" In a swift movement, she pulled her tank top over her head and cast it to the side. Her shorts followed suit, landing in a heap on the sand. She smirked as she caught James gaping."Merlin, James, you'd think you'd never seen me barely clothed before."James snapped his mouth shut and smiled cheekily. "Oh please, like you didn't spend entire Quidditch practices ogling me while I was shirtless.""Touche," she said. "Well, the sea is calling my name. You can ogle my arse from behind as I run dramatically into the water, or you can join me.""I don't know which is more tempting." James raised an eyebrow. "But seeing you all wet is certainly a dealbreaker, so I'll join you."Lily felt a familiar spark spring to life in her stomach at his words, but she ignored it in favor of sprinting full-on into the ocean, hair streaming behind her. James followed her, laughing like a madman as he tripped into the water.Lily waited for him to resurface, and when he did, she was ready to pounce. She gave him a hard shove and sent him spluttering into the water again."Lily!" James groaned when he emerged, coughing up salty water. A wicked gleam appeared in his eyes. "Now it's your turn."Lily screeched as she was promptly dunked and James howled."What do you think they're doing?" a boy asked his sister, gazing at the couple in the water.The girl studied them thrashing around and their laughter reaching even the deafest of ears."They're at peace," she murmured, her eyes wistful.350 wordsAuction - (word) serendipity

"I love you! Even if you can't love yourself!"Tonks is breathing hard, glaring at Remus with her eyes burning — Remus knows she's a very, er, passionate woman, but he hates that sometimes. He hates that she's stubborn.He hates that she chose to be with him when she could have someone younger, someone her age."Tonks," he says quietly, "you must understand the dangers —""Oh, you are not going to be all noble on me," she snaps. "You are not breaking up with me for my safety! I'm a big girl, I can take care of myself!""I know," he whispers. "Just let me explain.""...Fine."He takes a deep breath. "You don't understand the risk of being my wife," he says, meeting her eyes squarely. Tonks opens her mouth to argue, but he holds up a hand. "You would be married to a...to a beast who is shunned from society, who could rip you to pieces. When I transform, I'm not in control of myself. I could hurt you, maybe even kill you, and I'd have no memory of it. I could bite you and you would turn into one of them. And what if we had a child? They would be born with my curse.""Then let me tell you something, Remus." Tonks jabs a finger into his chest. "I knew what I signed up for when I chose to be with you. I chose to be you. I wanted to be with you, despite the risks. I chose you because I love you and nothing else. I'm willing to live with the risk, but only if you are ready to accept that.""You…" Emotion overwhelms him. He thinks of his past, of the three boys with the same fire in their eyes and the same vows spilling from their lips. Two of them are dead, one turned traitor, and Remus is the last survivor — he must have the fire too.He smiles, cupping his fiancee's cheek with a hand. Her hair flashes first brown, then white, before it returns to bubblegum pink."I'm ready." He buries his head into Tonks's shoulder and she wraps around her arms around him. "I just...thank you, Tonks.""It's what I'm here for," she murmurs.379 wordsAuction - "I love you!" Even if you can't love yourself!" (22-1)In Memoriam - Alastor MoodyPick a Wick - White BlossomsFounder Says - "I just...thank you, [name]." / "It's what I'm here for."1000 - 57. (word) PassionWriting Club:Book Club - Raskolnikov / (emotion) conflicted, (trait) paranoia, (genre) angstLizzy's Loft - 25. (genre) Hurt/ComfortThe Ultimate Martial Artist - 10. (era) trioScamander's Case - 9. (emotion) fearLyric Alley - 2. Take your fears and let them go

"I'm going out, Regulus," Rabastan says. "I'll be back later.""Where are you going?" Regulus asks, his eyes wide, but Rabastan is already gone.Sighing, Regulus closes his book. This isn't the first time Rabastan has behaved this way. He's been aloof, indifferent, not the kind of boyfriend Regulus is accustomed too. He's been acting strange since Bellatrix married his brother. Unexplained absences and flimsy excuses, it's enough to make any boyfriend suspicious.Now that he thinks about it…Bellatrix and Rodolphus were known for participating in gangs and cults — what if Rabastan had joined them? Is that why he was being so closed off?Blood chilling, Regulus tosses his book on the sofa and leaps to his feet. It isn't too late to catch him; he can't be far.He spots Rabastan the moment he exits the building, out of breath — their building is tall and the elevator is broken, so he'd had to take the stairs — probably why Rabastan was not long gone either.He's just in time to see Rabastan round the corner and Regulus follows him, his feet sinking into the soft snow.He turns the corner and spots Rabastan entering a...a jewelry shop....Oh.Maybe he's just jumping to conclusions, but their relationship had taken a more serious, emotional turn; they had made promises of fidelity and staying together forever — this can't be a coincidence.Regulus nearly sinks to the ground, but he remembers where he is and has an internal debate (should he confront or pretend like he didn't see anything?) and then he remembers something else.They have a date tonight.He's going to...oh my G—Regulus bolts back in the direction he'd come."...and no one manages to make me smile like you do." Rabastan gets down on one knee and opens the ring box. "Regulus Black, will you marry me?"Regulus doesn't hesitate; he'd already spent the morning and afternoon deciding, so there is no regret in his voice as he says, "Yes! Yes, I'll marry you."With fumbling fingers, Rabastan slides the ring onto Regulus's finger, and Regulus's lips crash ecstatically into his seconds later.He's going to spend forever with this man and it's the best feeling in the world.377 wordsAuction - Regulus/Rabastan (31-3)Build a Better Breakfast: 24. White Tea: (trope) Established RelationshipSkyscraper, First Floor - (weather) snowFounder Says: 2. "No one manages to make me smile like you do."Pick a Wick: Winter Woods: (weather) snow1000 - 607. EcstaticWriting Club:Bex's Basement - 2. Cobra

"You like pain, Lovegood? Try wearing a corset." Ginny struggled to tie the corset, swearing as the stupid string slipped between her fingers. "A little help here?"Luna stepped forward, effortlessly looping the string through the holes and pulled it taut. Ginny sucked in until she couldn't breathe. That was the only way she could hide the number of cakes she'd eaten before the ball like an idiot."What makes you say that, Miss Weasley?" Luna asked serenely, sounding completely at ease, but she wasn't the one in a tight corset."I hate these balls," Ginny complained. "All I wanted was a hot bath and a bottle of whiskey, but I'm not getting that tonight. The sky will fall if even so much look at a bottle of anything but fancy champagne.""You don't have to go to the ball. You could stay here with me," Luna murmured, her fingers crawling up to rub a sore spot on Ginny's neck. Ginny sighed contentedly and closed her eyes, letting Luna's fingers work their magic."I wish, my love," whispered Ginny, the longing clear in his voice. "But all eyes are on me to secure a marriage tonight...if I am not engaged by the end of the night, my family will become a laughingstock. They will look down their noses and say, 'well, at least our daughter has a suitor'. Our relationship will have to remain secret for now.""I understand," Luna said simply. "You must do your family's bidding. My only regret is that I won't be marrying you, but I suppose I'll learn to watch from afar…""I'm so sorry." Ginny's eyes filled with tears and she turned, hugging Luna with ferocity. When they separated, she closed the gap again, kissing her sweetly but passionately, passing along every bit of love she had for this girl. "I love you," she murmured between kisses. "I love you more than I will ever love anyone.""I love you too."I love you too.Those words rang in her head as she walked down the aisle, holding a bouquet of flowers. Luna was not there, but she felt an old burden resurface as she thought of Luna's brilliant smile, her selflessness, her sacrifice, and she felt like crying all over again.It was Luna's name she longed to say as she recited her vows, and it was Luna who she wished to be kissing, and it was Luna's face that replaced her husband's as they fell into bed that night.But some things weren't meant to be.425 wordsAuction: Elizabeth Swann - "You like pain? Try wearing a corset." (14-1)Pick a Wick - 21. Oak mossSkyscraper, Floor One - GinnyLunaBuild a Better Breakfast - 4. Green TeaFounder Says - Rowena: "All I wanted was a hot shower [replaced with bath] and a [drink]."1000 - 949. (title) Impossible Things

An enraged screech rang throughout the Gryffindor common room, and James and Sirius shared a look of mutual resignation before bounding down the stairs, bright smiles on their faces."Lily, dearest, it's almost midnight!" Sirius exclaimed. "Couldn't you have a shred of decency and not awaken the poor, tired students?"Lily was fuming and she shot an acidic glare at Sirius. "Would it kill you to go a day without being sarcastic?""Probably." Sirius shrugged nonchalantly. "It's in my blood.""But you have a brain, right?" Lily snapped. "Why on earth would you bring a Niffler and oh, I don't know, set it loose in the common room?""Well," James began, exchanging a glance with his boyfriend, "Sirius lost a Galleon under one of the couches, but we couldn't find it. So like a true mate, Hagrid lent us one of his Nifflers. Seemed like a good idea at the time."Lily had so many questions, she didn't know where to begin, so she settled for a huff. "Just — you couldn't have just levitated the couches? That would've saved you all of this trouble. Look what it did to poor Elena's hair!" She gestured to the third-year Gryffindor, whose golden hair was in tatters. She had tear tracks down her cheeks."We're sorry, Elena," Sirius said sincerely."Honest," James chimed in, flashing a charming smile at the girl. She managed to smile in return, and her voice wavered as she asked, "Can I just go back to my dormitory now?""Of course," Lily said warmly, and Elena scuttled off. When she turned back to the guilty pair, her eyes were aflame."Well?""'Well' what?""Get rid of it!" she said angrily. "And clean up this bloody mess while you're at it! Honestly, why I even bother…" Muttering under her breath, she whirled around and stormed up the stairs."Well, I suppose we'd better get to cleaning," James said. "You take care of the Niffler, I'll handle the cleaning.""Why do I get to handle the Niffler?""Because you're too afraid of it messing up your hair to provoke it," James pointed out drily. "Meanwhile, my specs are the perfect bait." The Niffler was already eying up James's spectacles, intending to steal them off his nose."You'd better go." James leaned forward and kissed Sirius before lifting his wand. "Don't get caught.""Of course, you know me, the master of stealth," Sirius teased, winking. "I'll see you later, yeah? Keep my spot in your bed warm for me.""Of course."420 wordsWritten for:Auction: SiriusJames (26-1)Skyscraper, Floor One: "Would it kill you to go a day without being sarcastic?"/"Probably."Founder Says - Godric: "Seemed like a good idea at the time."Pick a Wick: 11. French VanillaBuild a Better Breakfast: 9. Wheat Germ1000 - 501. Niffler

Warning for a mental breakdown and grief."This is ridiculous," Blaise complained. "A pointless, mindless activity." He scowled as another gust of wind bit his face. "It's bloody September, Theo. How are flowers even still alive?"Theo glanced at him over his shoulder, looking reproachful. "I find it calming," he said. "There's something peaceful about picking flowers.""Apart from the fact that has no meaning?""Astoria liked picking flowers," Theo said softly and Blaise stiffened as a picture of Astoria flashed before his eyes. Her flushed cheeks, the way she threw back her head when she laughed. She had been golden, honeyed sunlight, and everyone had been drawn to her beauty, captivated by her easy nature. Even Blaise, who had walls around him, had let them down just for her.Grief like none other washed over Blaise and he looked away, tears stinging his eyes. A few moments later, a handful of flowers fell into his lap. Warm, rough hands cupped his cheeks and moved his head so that he was looking into a dark set of eyes."Are you okay?" Theo asked, his breath fanning over Blaise's lips. "You're thinking about her, aren't you?""You brought her up," Blaise said defensively."I know, and I'm sorry. Is there anything I can do?"Blaise's lips trembled before he whispered, "Take my hand and never let go."Theo didn't question him, and Blaise was grateful. He didn't want to talk, just succumb to the grief for a little while, but he had Theo as an anchor to the real world.The funeral had been beautiful but simple, the way Astoria had lived. Draco refused to let anyone carry it down the aisle, with the exception of himself. He held his head high, his face blank, and levitated his wife's coffin. Twelve-year-old Scorpius trailed behind him, his head bowed — he did not try to hide his sadness as his father was doing. Tears crawled down his cheeks and he looked even paler than he had before.Blaise remembered hugging both the boy and his father after the ceremony and the burial, murmuring his condolences."She...she would've loved this," he'd said.Draco nodded somberly. "Thank you," he'd said, a tremor creeping into his voice — they were old friends, and Draco always opened up a bit around him. "Thank you for coming."Blaise bowed his head, just like he'd seen young Scorpius do, and clung to the memory of Astoria until Theo squeezed his hand."Talk to me."He wasn't ready, but it was Theo. Theo, who loved him and wouldn't judge him."It was so hard saying goodbye," he said, a lump forming in his throat. "Astoria wasn't supposed to die...but that cruel blood curse took her from us. From Draco and Scorpius. Why did she have to go? Why her?""Because Death operates ruthlessly," Theo said. "Because Death doesn't care who he takes, as long as he has a business.""Damn Death." Blaise clenched his other hand, the one that wasn't occupied by Theo's. "Damn you!"He'd never felt this emotional before, but the fresh burst of memories was causing him to curse Death's name and break down in Theo's arms. He was falling apart, and — and —"Blaise!" Restraining arms wrapped around Blaise and his face was pressed into Theo's shoulder. Unshed tears finally broke loose and he wept uncontrollably.He cried for Astoria, for Death's merciless methods, for a past unearthed. He cried for Draco and Scorpius and Daphne and everyone else he'd ever lost."Goodbye."584 wordsI did not intend for this to get as dark as it did. I have no idea how close the Slytherins were in school, if they were friends, but Harry was so obsessed with Malfoy he didn't pay attention to anything or anyone else.Written for: Assignment 4, Poetry Studies Task 1: Write about something that builds up an emotion.Auction: TheoBlaise (20-1)Skyscraper, Floor One: (action) picking flowersPick a Wick: 30. Storm WatchBuild a Better Breakfast: 34. CinnamonFounder Says - Helga: "Take my hand and never let go."1000 - 628. Overwhelmed

"What's this nonsense I hear about you supporting Muggle rights?" Phineas loomed over his son, who cowered beneath his scalding glare."I thought —""Well, you clearly weren't thinking," Phineas muttered. "As headmaster, I know I must be impartial, but my own son…" He shook his head sadly.Phineas II's face burned. "Please, Father, I only had the Muggles' best interests at heart —""Since when do we — you care about those puny Muggles?" Phineas spat sourly. "I was a fool to believe that this would work. I thought under my instruction, you would become strong. You would become a powerful wizard, but no. You're just a sniveling fool, just like the rest of them. Do you have any shame?""Father." The words were quiet but full of authority. "I do not regret what I did. I believe what I believe, and if you don't like it, then I cannot change your mind. Nor will I change mine.""You insolent little — " With brute force, Phineas backhanded a cream-colored teapot and it went flying, spilling its contents. Hot tea splattered on the carpet behind him, but he didn't seem to notice."Well, if that's how you feel, get out!""I'm —""GET OUT!" his father roared. "I never want to see your face again, in this office, or in my house! Consider yourself disowned."Phineas II gaped, "You wouldn't —""Oh, but I can," Phineas said simply, his temper cooling for a few moments. "You're still under seventeen, which means I can do what I like with you. Now get out of my sight before I do more than disown you."Sensing a conclusion, a finality to his father's words, the younger Phineas kept his calm and exited the office. Phineas the first sank into his chair; the yelling had taken more out of him than he cared to admit."Do you think you overreacted?" one of the portraits asked timidly. "It's just some silly behavior, that's all.""Silly behavior, eh?" Phineas snapped. "Why I don't set you on fire and call it silly behavior?"The portrait squeaked and promptly fled. Phineas massaged his temple."Good riddance," he muttered.360 wordsDid you catch the Zuko reference? I know, it broke my heart too.Written for:Assignment 4, Geography Task 3 - Write about someone being disowned, or otherwise leaving their familyAuction - Phineas Black (23-3)Skyscraper, Floor 2 - creamBuild a Better Breakfast - 33. WalnutsPick a Wick - 18. LemonFounder Says - Salazar: "I was a fool to believe that this would work."1000 - 16. Timid

Flashing lights. Cheesy, romantic music. And a pretty girl with brown hair and petite stature."I'm Alice," she says, sticking out her hand. "And it seems like we're soulmates."Frank didn't like going to the supermarket — it was noisy, crowded, and the smell was terrible. But his mum forced him to run to Tesco weekly for groceries, and his mum was old and tired, and Frank couldn't say no to her.He pushed a cart into the dairy aisle and that's when it happened.Frank did a double-take as beams of colorful, flashing lights danced around him and loud, cheesy music played from the store's speakers. "What the —"And then his cart rammed into another with a clang. The impact caused him to stumble and let out an undignified squeal.As he stood, he saw a woman on the ground, also having been jarred by the collision, and he skirts around the carts to help her up. But the woman doesn't take his hand. She gets up by herself and dusts off her jeans."I'm Alice," she says, sticking out her hand. "And it seems like we're soulmates.""I'm Frank, and soul—what?""There's a legend," she says, "or more like a myth — this happens to people who are soulmates.""What — this happens to —" Frank realizes something, the pieces clicking together. "Wait. I think I've read about this somewhere.""My mum mentioned it to me once," she says wistfully. "But it hasn't happened in a very long time — not until now."Franks nods numbly. A quick scan around them reveals gawking faces. "Seems like we're drawing a lot of attention, so maybe we should talk about this somewhere else?""Sure," she says, smiling warmly. "After we're both done shopping, why don't we go to that cute little cat cafe around the corner — unless you can't — ?""No, no, that sounds purrfect," he says, grinning, and Alice laughs.323 wordsSci-Fi September, Day 2 - When Soulmates meet for the first time music starts playing and a big light show happens all around them. That hasn't happened in over a hundred years and people are starting to think Soulmates are just a myth. Then it happens to you one day at the supermarket.Auction - 23-4: FrankAlice

DISCLAIMER: None of the characters belong to me, but to JK Rowling.Hercules!AUThe first time Charlie truly — truly — feared, it was when the pillar fell on his beloved Draco's body and his soul was sent to the Underworld. It was the first time Charlie had felt so helpless, heartbroken, and it made him angry. It made him want to find Severus and rip him in half, and the destroy the Underworld until he found Draco.See, Charlie had made the mistake of making a promise, of agreeing to a deal with a god — they always tried to trick you in some way so they benefited and you were the one who lost.Well, Charlie didn't want to lose — but it was never about losing or winning. All he wanted was him and Draco to live a life undisturbed by the gods. He wanted them to grow old side by side. He loved this man more than anyone and it was him he wanted to spend his life with.Unfortunately, Severus wasn't willing to let that happen. All for the sake of power.He saw his love's soul exit his body. He cradled his limp body in his arms, remembered his sharp wit and the gleam in his eyes, and felt rage.How dare Severus? How dare he take Charlie's world from him?He went to the Underworld. He dove into the River Styx to recover Draco's soul. He almost lost his own life, but his heroic act was not missed by the gods and at the last moment, granted him immortality. He carried Draco's body out of the water and shoved Severus and his stupid mug into the river, not caring what happened to him. That man had ruined enough."My love," he whispered as Draco awakened in his arms, his eyes fluttering open.And he wept, Draco murmuring reassurances into his ear and holding him this time.At last, they were reunited.315 wordsAuction - Hercules (16-1)

As young men, they had all been fathers and husbands. As old men, they were all together, simply providing companionship to each other — romance had died with their wives, and their youth had died with their children.Orion Black, who had been a father to Sirius and Regulus Black and husband to Walburga Black, liked to not remember them — especially Walburga, who he'd been unwilling to marry but only had because of custom. He hadn't loved his wife very much; she had been bossy and overcontrolling, but at least she'd raised their sons the right way — well, almost, if one hadn't run away at seventeen and the other had had a change of heart and switched sides moments before his death.Fleamont Potter, father to James Potter and husband to Euphemia Potter, had mourned the death of his son and daughter-in-law greatly. Then, his wife had died of dragon pox, and he'd been left alone with no one to love. Harry, his grandson, had been raised elsewhere and Fleamont had never gotten to meet him, only heard stories of him defeating Voldemort twice.And finally, there was Lyall Lupin, who had been a father to Remus Lupin and husband to Hope Lupin. Both were dead, and like Fleamont, he'd been alone — except he had met his grandson, brought to him by a woman with red hair who said she was Harry's wife. Teddy was small and bright-eyed, his hair changing colors every second, and Lyall absolutely adored spending time with him. In fact, so did the other two men.The three of them were cooped up in a wizarding nursing home, where their needs were catered too and was equipped with the best amenities — but that didn't mean that they were happy."I miss my son," Fleamont told Orion one morning as they took a stroll around the fountain. "I wonder how my grandson is doing…""At least you have a grandson," Orion muttered gloomily. "My sons never married and died too young...I wonder what could have been.""Excuse me."Both men looked up to see James — well, a spitting image of James. The man had his hair and his glasses, but he looked a lot like — like —"I'm Harry," the man said, smiling tentatively. "Harry Potter. I believe you're my grandfather?"391 wordsAuction - 17-2 - Orion/Lyall/Fleamont

"Let me show you."They're eleven, fresh out of their homes, and discovering a castle full of secrets and mysteries. But not just that — they're learning to navigate a school of diversity, of magic, and with Sirius's hand in his, Remus knows he will survive.They discover the passage behind the one-eyed witch — someone had carved the incantation into the wall, and when they try it, two, three times, it opens. Resisting the urge to explore is difficult, so they do it anyway.They follow the passage and when they emerge, they are in the cellar or a sweets shop — and Remus is drawn to the numerous boxes stacked high with bars of chocolate, but he knows that would be considered stealing — but it doesn't hurt to take one or two, right? The shopkeeper won't even notice.They steal more than one or two and escape the way they came, pockets stuffed with sweets, and anticipating the sugar rush. Sirius had not been allowed to eat candy as a child, so this passage is his favorite — he comes back many times to try the different sweets, and Remus comes with him because he's curious too.The Room of Requirement is next — Sirius stumbles upon it his second year when he causes a potion to explode and is thrown out of the class. He goes to a private corridor to vent his frustrations, and the blank wall doesn't answer until he walks by the third time.When he opens the door, he discovers a room full of his favorite books and sweets, all meant to soothe him. He spends hours locked in there, and when he reemerges, he goes straight to his friends. He brings them back to this special place, and every time they need to hide or just relax, they go to this room.They discover most of Hogwarts's secrets by exploring, going past the boundaries, and discover more than they could have asked for.332 wordsAuction - Strangers Like Me - Tarzan (21-2)

When Hermione is four years old and ready to start reading, her parents give her her first book.It's a tattered little storybook with a peeling cover and worn pages, but it's Hermione's first love. It's a place where she can lose herself no matter how she's feeling.Then the world starts.Hermione raids the local library on the weekends and every corner of her room is occupied with a stack of books taller than she is. Hermione doesn't discriminate against genres, she loves all — but horror takes a little time to warm up to, as she had the nightmare after the first book she'd read, involving a possessed murder doll.(She never touched a doll again.)When her parents ask her why she enjoys books more than socializing. Hermione looks up at them, grinning toothily, and tells them, "I like to read my books because it-it's like I get to go on a journey in my mind!"It's true. Every book captivates her; there isn't a book she doesn't like and her literary skills soar — so naturally, she's the smartest girl in her class.Her teachers call her gifted, but Hermione's parents know her secret and they let it continue, proud of what their daughter is achieving.One day, an old man with a letter arrives and Hermione's life changes forever.At Hogwarts, there are even more books. There's a boy in her year who makes fun of her love of books — but she doesn't care; she's used to this kind of teasing from Muggle boys.The library is vast and Madam Pince isn't awful; she lets Hermione check out as many books as she wants and is generally nice to her.Hermione likes this new place, full of knowledge about a brand new world, and she's ready to explore, no matter where the world takes her — because the books offer so much more.319 wordsAuction - "I like to read my books because it-it's like I get to go on a journey in my mind!" (19-1)

Another Apocalypse!AU. Warning for a little blood, PTSD, and some angst.Also an Amputation!AU.All he remembered was the sound of teeth ripping through flesh, of burning pain gripping his arm. He saw red, then black, and — The wound had healed, but the constant reminder was there. He would move his shoulder, only to realize that it was just a stump where his arm should have been. Or had been, before the zombie had torn it off.He still had nightmares. He still vividly lived through the experience over and over and it was like teeth sinking into his brain and never letting him go.And then there were his physical limitations. He found that having only one arm made every task more difficult, for example carrying things around. Instead of being to take all the groceries inside with one trip, he had to make several.Thankfully, his boyfriend was with him and refused to let him do anything alone — he insisted on doing everything with him, just in case he needed help — which was both chivalrous and annoying. When he informed said boyfriend of this, it was met with a reply of, "I love you, and I'll do everything in my power to make sure you never forget it."And then he just felt bad for being annoyed."Thank you," he said sincerely, kissing his boyfriend's cheek. "I lucked out when I agreed to go out with you.""You had no choice," his boyfriend said, snorting. "Everyone else was either trying to kill you or didn't like you in that way.""Well, still, in any other world, I would've still chosen you." That earned him a genuine smile. "Thanks for everything...I don't deserve you, no matter what shape I'm in.""Remus." Sirius set down the grocery bags he was holding and placed both of his hands on Remus's shoulders. "Never say that again, unless you want me to tear off your other arm."If it had been anyone else who had made that comment, Remus would have stiffened and jumped into defense mode — but this was Sirius, and he alone knew what kind of agony Remus had endured during the apocalypse. He had sat next to Remus during his amputation, held the hand that wasn't infected, and cried his name until his eyes were red and his voice was hoarse. He'd been streaked with dirt and blood, a fresh cut on his pale face, but he'd never looked more handsome.Yes, the memories hurt, but Sirius was here, and as long as he was here, Remus felt safe and comforted.417 wordsSciFi September, Day 3 - Write about a character with a disability in the post-apocalyptic world.Skyscraper, Floor 2 - (genre) hurt/comfort1000 - 641. Traumatized366 - 110. Flesh

Scorpius Malfoy should be happy — he's doing well in school, he's Head Boy, he's got a beautiful girlfriend — and yet he feels like there's something missing. Something more...concrete.He guides said girlfriend up the steps to the Astronomy Tower where he's got a little surprise waiting for both of them — well, more him than her, because he knows about it — and he's covering Lily's eyes with his hands because he can't be arsed to conjure a blindfold. This feels more intimate.Lily squeaks as she stumbles and falls into his chest, which Scorpius admits to himself that this is not something he's annoyed at (he likes Lily's body pressed into his). "Close your eyes," he says and takes his hand off of her face. To make things easier for both of them, he scoops her up and carries her bridal style up the rest of the steps.(If he's lucky enough tonight, he'll get to do it a second time.)The stairs opened into a candlelit room, with a blanket lying in the middle, but that's not all — there's a basket, full of Lily's favorite foods. Banoffee pie, Chocolate Frogs, treacle tart — anything that is even remotely sweet is in there.He sets Lily on her feet but keeps his arms wrapped around her waist, nuzzling his face into her strawberry-scented hair. "Open your eyes."She does and there's a beat of silence. And then she starts wriggling in his arms, a breathless laugh escaping her mouth. "Scorpius, you didn't…""Surprise!" He loosens his arms and she twists around, gazing at him with her brown eyes brighter than the candlelight."This is the best thing ever!" A stunning smile crosses her lips. "I could just kiss you!""That would be appreciated," he teases, but Lily ducks out of his arms and lunges for the basket. Opening it, she rifles through it for a few seconds before emerging with a big grin."How did you get this all up here?""Had a little help," he says, shrugging. "And by help, I mean the very enthusiastic house-elves who live in the kitchens."Once they'd known his purpose, they'd been falling over themselves to assist him.Lily laughs. "I'm not surprised."As she starts laying out all of the food, with repeated exclamations of "This is my favorite!", Scorpius's hand drifts to his pocket where there's a ring box. If tonight goes as planned, then it would be the best day of his life —— and perhaps he'd get those kisses after all.428 wordsSkyscraper, Floor 3 - Astronomy TowerPick a Wick - 19. Lily of the ValleyBuild a Better Breakfast - 13. WatermelonFounder Says - Helga: 7. "This is the best thing ever! I could just kiss you!"365 - 297. Stunning1000 - 549. Brown

Android!AUWhen James woke, he wasn't in his bed. Hell, he wasn't in his flat. He was on a table, except it wasn't quite a table — it was more of a glass coffin than anything. And a pretty girl with red hair and stunning green eyes was standing over him, staring curiously.James screamed.The glass parted with a hiss and James scrambled out of the coffin, backing away, and his arse bumped into something else. Another coffin, with another body — no, fuck, it was Sirius, fast asleep."It's okay," said the girl, walking around his opened coffin and approached him. "I'm not going to hurt you."James couldn't retreat any further, so he was rooted to the spot as the girl stopped a meter away. "Who — who are you?""Android 0596," she said. "But you can call me Lily. Welcome to the Galactica.""So basically what you're saying is, I was kidnapped by a bunch of robots and put into a coffin so that I could be experimented upon?""Androids," Lily corrected, "and those aren't coffins. Those are hibernation pods designed to keep your vitals operating but to keep you asleep until we are ready to awaken you.""And why did you awaken me?""Because we're performing a series of tests for a new serum that we're developing," Lily said in one breath. James marveled at how human her voice sounded — if they had been on Earth, he would have flirted with her. She didn't look like an android, but every so often her eyes would flash bright green or her head would rotate all the way around to look at him.When it happened for the sixth time, James asked, "Can you stop doing that? It's not normal.""It's normal for me, human," she said sharply. Then she sighed. "But I suppose I'll comply.""Thanks."They walked past a group of chattering young boys — except they weren't human boys because their eyes were glowing. James's mind was whirling as he processed everything Lily was telling him."So what is this serum?""Can't tell you," she said without looking at him."What the hell?" James felt a surge of anger. "If you're going to be testing this serum on me, shouldn't I know what's being used on me? What if something happens, like I grow another arm or start puking up blue snails or —""Information is on a need-to-know basis," Lily said, but James caught the beginnings of a smile on her face. "Trust me, it's not anything too horrible. Androids and humans both are being tested.""Oh." If the androids were testing it on themselves, then surely they wouldn't be injecting anything bad, right?"Have you been tested?" he asked."Yes." Lily didn't elaborate. "We're almost there. The man who runs the lab is a very respected android, and he's very snappy, so you'd be wise to show him respect. Don't ask him the same questions you asked me."She pressed her thumb into a scanner and the doors hissed open into a long hallway with glass walls. Laboratories were on each side, where more humans were lined up waiting for tests. Lily opened the doors on the left with her thumbprint and strode in. James followed."Stand here." She pushed him onto the last podium and stood in front of him, just as the doors at the end of the room burst open and a man in a black lab coat walked in, a scowl etched on his face. He was carrying a tray of syringes.Unfortunately for James, he recognized the man. "Snape?"The man halted in front of him and his lip curled up into a sneer. "Well, well, if it isn't the famous James Potter.""What are you doing here? I thought you were human.""Of course I am, you halfwit," Snape snapped. "I've been working here for years. I'm the one making the serum and look at my luck, I get to administer it on you.""Don't be so harsh, Severus," Lily said, an edge in her voice. "He just woke up here. I don't recall you behaving so intelligently when I woke you up."James's head swung to Lily. "You woke him up?""Are we going to be standing around all day?" Snape stepped forward and stuck a needle into his neck."Severus!" Lily admonished, but the man shook his head and she quieted."I've got a special serum for you, Potter," Snape whispered, his breath hot against James's ear. "It'll knock you out cold for the next six hours, make your vitals weak. Consider this payback for the last time we met. I haven't forgotten, you know."James suddenly felt woozy and he swayed on the spot. "Sn — ape…""Humans don't learn from their mistakes, they repeat them until they can't anymore." Snape stepped back, a satisfied smirk on his face. "This is for all the years you tormented me, Potter.""What are you doing?!" Through his blurred vision, he saw Lily lunge for him, but it was too late — James was aware of his head hitting the floor.And then blackness washed over him like a blanket.864 wordsSci-Fi September Day 5 - "Humans don't learn from their mistakes, they repeat them until they can't anymore."

"Hey, have you seen Sirius? I know he's back from his mission but he hasn't called me or said anything for the last couple of days." Remus stirred the onion soup, his phone in his other hand, and pressed against his ear. "Usually he leaves like twenty voice messages on my phone, but he's awfully silent.""Yeah, no, I haven't heard from either," Marlene said, and Remus stopped stirring for a moment, dismayed. He'd already tried James, Peter, and Lily; if he wasn't here, he would normally crash at one of their places. Marlene was his ex-girlfriend, and Remus figured that was next in line after best mates and best mate's girlfriend. "He's unusually quiet on social media too — by now, he'd have posted at least three or four dog memes, but there's not any in the last twenty-four hours."Remus worried his lower lip, glancing out the window. Darkness was falling. He wondered where Sirius was, what he was doing, if he had a place to stay. Perhaps he was at one of his coworkers' flats?"Talk to you later," he said to Marlene. She muttered a goodbye and hung up.Remus loved outdoor markets; he loved the atmosphere and the bright, colorful stalls. His favorite was the small book stall that stood at the end of the market; the owner had such a wonderful collection of tomes.But as he approached the stall, he saw a man with a black bun and wearing a royal blue long-sleeved shirt (in this heat? It was bloody August!). His arms were unnaturally stiff and straight, but what tipped him off to the man's identity was the tattoo peeking out of the collar."Sirius?" Remus uttered in disbelief.The man turned and Remus's breath caught in his throat. It was Sirius, in the flesh, and he was avoiding Remus's eyes."Sirius, where the hell were you?"Sirius said nothing to him, but muttered something to the bookseller and strode away."Sirius, what are you doing? Don't you dare walk away from me!"He was walking away. Remus's words fell upon deaf ears."Fine, you want me to chase you? I will give you a fucking chase," he said under his breath.After ten minutes, four collisions, and hoarse shouts, Remus finally cornered his boyfriend outside of a flower shop. Sirius stumbled over one of the vases and caught himself, but it was all Remus needed to catch up to him."Don't you dare run away," he said firmly, blocking Sirius as he tried to keep walking. "We need to talk. Where the hell have you been the last three days? And don't give me a bullshit excuse."Sirius, who had been staring at his feet, finally lifted his head, his eyes sparkling a little. "You know, you're very persistent. Especially when it comes to my 'bullshit'.""I was designed to not put up with your bullshit," Remus retorted. "And you still haven't answered my question. Why are you like this? Why have you not been returning my calls or texts?"He grabbed Sirius's arm and gave it a hard tug, intending to pull him down the street — but he did not expect was his arm to come cleanly out of its socket.Remus screamed and leaped back, the severed arm falling to the ground."Oh yeah, funny story," said Sirius, using his other attached arm to rub the back of his neck sheepishly. "See, what happened is…""You're an idiot.""It was an accident!" Sirius protested. "It's not like I meant to knock over the tray of chemicals — it's not like I went hey, let me burn my arm off for fun!""But you should've been more careful!" Remus snapped. "You could have died if the doctors hadn't amputated your arm in time. What if you'd been even more than a minute later? I would've lost —" He swallowed, cutting himself off as he tried to rid his mind of that horrifying thought."All I'm saying is," he said softly, "just be more mindful next time, okay? There are so many people who care about you. I know it was an accident, but it was dangerous and —"He was interrupted by warm, soft lips covering his own. "Don't worry," Sirius murmured. "I'll be careful, I promise.""You'd better be," Remus whispered, his lips tingling. "If you die, I'll kill you myself."Sirius chuckled, and Remus felt the wings on his heart flutter. Curiously, he peeled back Sirius's sleeve to view his arm properly — without screaming, of course.Sirius's arm was made of shiny titanium and flexed like a regular human arm, except it was stronger and could crush anything if he permitted it to."Can you...can you still use this for other activities?" asked Remus, smirking suggestively. Sirius's eyes darkened."Why don't we try it out?"810 wordsSci-Fi September, Day 9 - You've been avoiding everyone for a couple of days and I noticed your arm seemed paralyzed or something and I wanted to talk to you except when I grabbed said arm to stop you from running away it came out... oopsFounder Says - "I was designed to not put up with your bullshit."Build a Better Breakfast - 20. Orange JuicePick a Wick - 27. SageSkyscraper, Floor 3 - "Why are you like this?"1000 - 253. "Don't you dare walk away from me!"365 - 6. Activity

"Well, isn't this a nice change of scenery," Scorpius said dryly as Albus hammered on the door, cursing his meddlesome siblings. "Looks like paradise.""I'm going to kill them!" Albus seethed but after a few moments, Scorpius heard a soft thud as his head fell against the door. "I swear, as soon as we're out of here…""Do you still have your wand?" Scorpius asked. "Or did Lily tickle you mercilessly too until you gave it up?""...She took it," Albus muttered. "She knows I could beat her in a fair one-on-one duel…""...so she leveled the field," Scorpius finished."Yep."The broom closet was tiny and so even if they stood at opposite sides, they would still be in close quarters. Scorpius rather liked this fact — it would make what he had to do a lot easier."So, what do you want to do?" Their legs were touching and Albus felt heat crawling up the back of his neck. He cleared his throat before answering."What can we do? We're stuck here until James or Lily decide to stop being childish and let us out of here.""I know that. I meant how are we going to pass the time until they let us out?""...Talk?" Albus suggested lamely and Scorpius chuckled."I suppose we could.""How is it going in there?" James's voice came from the outside and Albus jumped up — but he tripped over Scorpius's legs and he fell facefirst into the door."Bloody hell," he swore, rubbing the new bump on his head and glared at the door. "James, I swear to Merlin —""Have you two kissed yet?" Lily's voice interrupted them both and Albus —Scorpius could not see at all what Albus was doing, but he assumed their reactions were pretty similar — Scorpius blanched then flushed, burying his face in his hands."K-Kiss?" Albus stammered. "What the — we are not going to — ""Yes, you are," Lily said smugly. "See, we enchanted this door so the only way to get out is to kiss, on the lips — and if you don't —""—you'll be stuck in there forever," James concluded."Why —""Because we think you two are meant to be together," Lily said, and Scorpius could hear the affection in her voice. "We really like Scorpius and we think he'd be a good fit for Albus."Albus had fallen silent, seemingly floored, and Scorpius struggled to his feet. "It's just a kiss, Albus."Albus turned around so fast he almost tripped again. "You're considering this?""Aren't you?" Scorpius shrugged, then remembered that Albus couldn't see him. "One kiss and we're out of here, and then you can hex James and Lily as much as you like.""I like his idea," James said. "Except for the hexing bit.""That's what you deserve," Albus shot back, but he now seemed to be taking the thought of kissing seriously. Scorpius smiled."Just one kiss —""Fine, I'll do it," Albus said and Scorpius heard the determination in his voice. "On the lips, right?"Scorpius felt like he was going to die with happiness — it was working. "Yep. Just so you know, this is my first kiss, so don't screw it up," he joked nervously."...It's actually mine too," Albus admitted and Scorpius's butterflies beat their wings faster. "I'll do my best —"They bumped noses a couple of times and giggled, but Albus's lips eventually found Scorpius's and they both discovered that kissing was really, really good. They were still kissing when the door opened and only jumped apart when James whistled. Scorpius blinked, his eyes adjusting to the light, and James and Lily came into focus — as did Albus."Well done, little brother," James said proudly. "I didn't know you had it in you — ow!"For Albus had socked him in the arm and he looked murderous. Scorpius grinned."Uh, Albus — ?"Lily took off down the hall and James, after recognizing his brother's intent, shot after his sister."Are you going to follow them?" Scorpius asked."Nah, I can kill them later." Albus smirked and stood on his tiptoes, his eyes on Scorpius's lips and Scorpius swallowed, his stomach flipping. "I've got more important things to take care of.""I...actually had my wand the whole time.""Wait what?""Yeah, it was just a setup. I masterminded the plan, James and Lily just helped to execute it.""...I'd be mad at you, but after what happened in there, I can't be."756 wordsFounder Says - Rowena - 1. "Well, isn't this a nice change of scenery."Pick a Wick - 31. Tropical ParadiseSkyscraper, Floor 4 - First KissBuild a Better Breakfast - 17. Coffee365 - 71. Determined1000 - 805. Locked in together

Hangovers were the worst and Sirius had the mother of all hangovers. He'd woken to find James lying on top of him, but facedown. That had been extremely awkward.The bachelor party had definitely gotten out of hand — Sirius remembered meandering onto the terrace where Lily had her mini-garden, taken one of the flower bouquets she had artfully arranged on her crafting table, and stripped it of all of the petals.Lily was going to castrate him when she returned.James had gone to take a shower (a very cold shower) while Sirius had opted to wander around outside. Incidentally, his feet had carried him to the park.He stuck to the path as early risers jogged by, but he wasn't looking at them — he was looking for a man with light brown hair and amber eyes with a book bag slung over his shoulder. He usually occupied the bench by the fountain holding a book to his face.The man's name was Remus Lupin and his title was Friend. That is until Sirius spotted him, and the title changed to Crush.Wait, what?Remus happened to look up as he heard footsteps approaching and almost dropped his book.Because the dark yellow title of Friend that usually occupied the space above Sirius's head was a hot pink Crush.Remus's stomach swooped.Sirius kissed him by the fountain three weeks later under the stars. Remus's lips were sweet and Sirius couldn't get enough of them. Kissing Remus felt like a fire had been lit in his stomach, but it was warm and pleasant and had the potential to grow into something more.That was when Remus's title changed to Lover and then almost immediately to Boyfriend. A week and a half later, Sirius received a letter from his parents — apparently, they had foregone the whole "modern technology" revolution and contacted him the old-fashioned way.Either way, it wouldn't have hurt any less."What happened?" Remus asked upon seeing the distress on Sirius's face. They lived together now — some said their relationship was moving too fast, but neither of them thought so."My parents," he said quietly. "They heard about our relationship and...and they disowned me.""Disowned? Are they serious?"It was a mark of how affected Sirius was that he didn't crack a joke at the obvious pun. "Yeah, they are. They're not happy with me being in a relationship with a man.""Oh." Remus gravitated to his boyfriend, standing behind him and rubbing his shoulders soothingly. "Well, fuck them.""Fuck them," Sirius echoed. He turned around and pressed a kiss to Remus's forehead."Do...do you need some time alone?" his boyfriend asked tentatively. "I can go out for a bit, take a walk —""No. Stay here." Sirius wrapped Remus in a hug. "I can't — I just don't want to be alone right now. Stay here with me.""Always.""Damn it, Remus. I think I'm feeling things. Make it stop."It was their two-year anniversary and the title above Remus's head said Fiance. They were having a picnic in the park, nothing flashy, and the title had changed seconds before Remus knelt, pulled out a ring box, and made Shakespeare blush with a sappy, poetic proposal speech."So I did a good job, then?" his now-fiance asked, beaming."A very, very good job," Sirius murmured, pulling him in for a kiss that left both of them breathless.575 wordsSci-Fi September Day 11 - You see titles above people's heads. Usually, it's things like The Baker. Today, however, you see something very unexpected.Skyscraper, Floor 4 - (dialogue) "I just don't want to be alone right now."Founder Says - Rowena - 2. "I think I'm feeling things. Make it stop."Build a Better Breakfast - 18. Cantaloupe Pick a Wick - 3. Bananas and Creme - (color) yellow1000 - 720. A hangover365 - 99. Extreme(ly)

It wasn't supposed to happen. They were just playing a game of Tickle — or rather, George was tickling Fred and Fred was laughing.And then his arse exploded.George really did try to handle the situation on his own — he wiped the poop off with a towel and proceeded to cast Incendio on the mess. But the diaper-changing bit…"Er, Angelina?" And then he remembered that Angelina was in the back garden, damn her. "Oi, Angelina!"A lengthy sigh came from the garden "What?"George held the poop-covered child as far as away as possible without putting him on the floor, where he would dirty the carpet. "Fred has had a little, er, explosion.""Explosion?" Angelina appeared in the doorway, her nose wrinkled. "I thought it was your turn to take care of it!""No way, I did it last time!" George protested. "Remember? While you were out gallivanting with my sister and her friends?""We were reporting on a Quidditch match," Angelina said pointedly."But it's still your turn!""...Fine." Angelina pulled off her tan gardening gloves, tossed them on the counter, and approached George and Fred warily. "Give him to me, I'll clean him up. Meanwhile, you can finish mucking the flower bed and pruning the roses. Mind you, don't get caught on the thorns again. Last time was embarrassing enough...for you.""Oi!" George protested, reddening as a vivid memory of the incident flashed before his eyes. His pants had gotten caught on one of the thorns and ripped a clean hole through the backside. "At least they finally got a good look at my fantastic arse."Angelina smirked, rolling her eyes. And then her smile melted as she gazed at Fred, who was staring innocently at her, a mischievous smile on his chubby face."Merlin, George, he really is your son."Five years later"...Tell us another story about Dad, Mum!" Fred begged, his lower lip jutting out pleadingly. Roxanne, who could barely speak, nodded vigorously."...All right, I've got a good one," Angelina said, a wicked smile appearing on her face. "Your dad was — er — doing some work for Mum outside and his pants got caught on the ro —""Angelina!" Angelina turned and there was her husband standing in the doorway, scowling. "All right, I think it's time to hear one of Mum's embarrassing stories…""Don't you dare —""So have you heard about that one time your Mum tried to prank someone with a Dungbomb? Snape caught her, and she had to clean the entire Potions classroom by herself…""Shut up, George, that was only one time." It was hard to tell in the dim lighting, but Angelina's cheeks were tinted pink."And then she tried to do it again —""George!" 463 wordsAssignment 4, Survival Skills Task 12 - Write about someone cleaning something.Skyscraper, Floor 4 - (color) tanFounder Says - Godric - 2. "Shut up, [name], that was only one time."Build a Better Breakfast - 3. EggsPick a Wick - 16. Hot Fudge Brownie1000 - 544. (color) tan365 - 105. Final

"Sometimes I only have to look at you to get a headache."Sirius choked out a laugh. He looked like he had come straight out of one of those fairytale stories. With his aristocratic, haughty features and charming demeanor, he certainly looked the part."Love you too, Remus," he quipped sarcastically.Remus sighed, tilting his head up so he could see the canopy of stars. "We've come so far, I don't think 'love you' is going to cut it."Sirius didn't crack a joke this time; he sighed too. "We have." His eyes wandered from Remus to the stars too.They were sitting on one of the Eiffel Tower's railings, dangling hundreds of feet in the air, but Remus found that he didn't care. After everything they'd been through, scaling the Eiffel Tower with just a grappling hook didn't phase him whatsoever. Of course, they'd gotten a few curious looks from the onlookers, but that didn't matter."Do you remember the first time we met?" Remus touched the moon-shaped charm on his necklace and it glowed a faint blue. "We crashed through Minerva's window and she sure as hell wasn't pleased.""Who the hell are you?"Remus's moon charm was emitting radiant blue light, while the other boy's sun charm was bright yellow. In front of them stood a woman in a tartan dressing gown and her hair pinned back in an impeccable bun."Where am I? I was just in my tent and —" The other boy seemed disoriented and grabbed onto Remus's shoulder for support."I'm afraid you're not in your bedroom anymore," Remus said solemnly, looking at the irate woman. "I'm terribly sorry, ma'am, we're new to this whole time-traveling thing —""Oh, I do remember." Sirius smiled, lost in thought. "I wonder how my family is doing."Sirius had come from the Seven Years' War era, battered and bedraggled and demons crawling under his skin. He'd been about to die, a musket pressed into his throat, but time had taken pity on him and sucked him into its endless void."I should go back soon," Sirius said quietly, drawing Remus's attention once more. "I wonder if my little brother survived the bloodshed. There are so many things I left behind."Remus hadn't left behind anything — his family was dead. Time had taken pity on him too and let him into its shapeless embrace."I know it's something that you must do," he said. "I will accompany you if you will allow it."Sirius turned his head so they were looking at each other and tension sang in the air, but not the negative kind. Remus's hand inched towards Sirius's and then —— and then he withdrew his hand because he was a coward. A hopeless coward."I think this is something I need to do alone." A breeze ruffled his long black hair. "They won't take kindly to me appearing out of thin air, and they'll like it even less when you appear next to me. If I want to return to them permanently, you can't come with me.""I understand." Deep in his heart, Remus had known this all along, that Sirius had to walk this path alone.Again his hand gravitated toward Sirius's but he drew back again. There was no time for these feelings of love, however strong they were, and he knew he had to let Sirius go."I'm going to miss you," Remus murmured, all of their adventures flashing before their eyes. Sirius stuffing his face with profiteroles. A woman chasing them with a parasol. Dressing as girls to sneak into a ball.All beacons of happiness, all rays of fleeting, golden sunlight — and it was dying, fading before his eyes.His eyes were stinging, but he gazed at Sirius, into his eyes, trying to convey in that single moment how much he loved him. I love you. Please don't go. I love you so much it hurts to let you go.He loved Sirius more than anyone else in this world, but he was going to have to let him go, no matter how much it hurt.In the distance, a bonfire rose high in the sky as the people of France celebrated Bastille Day, unaware of a heart breaking in the city of love.718 wordsSci-Fi September Day 12 - "You're from the past, and you joined me in my time-travel adventures. I know history says you go back, so I'm trying not to get close, but I'm falling in love with you." AUFounder Says - Rowena - 3. "Sometimes I only have to look at you to get a headache."Build a Better Breakfast - 26. Avocados - (character) Minerva McGonagallPick a Wick - 29. Smoke Out - (object) fire1000 - 656. "Your Eyes" - Rent365 - 3. Accompany

Mentions of character death and alcohol."Everything is gone. Everything we worked so hard for is just rubble and dust…"James crumpled to his knees. Lily stood beside him, looking at the smoldering ruins of their home, grief rolling over her in waves, but James needed her more. She had to be strong."My parents, Lily, they're just…gone. Gone. I'm so weak. I couldn't protect them.""You're not weak," Lily said fiercely. "You're one of the strongest people I know.""Then how could I let my parents die?""It's not your fault," she said. "The aliens came in droves. They tried to fight but were overwhelmed.""I know, but…""But nothing. There's nothing you could do."James slumped, falling into the snow. Lily drew her coat tightly around her as the bitter winter air bit into her skin. She had not had time to wear gloves, so her hands were raw. She stuck them into her coat's pockets."James, we need to get out of here," she said. "If we stand out here any longer, they'll pick up our scent. We need to go somewhere safer. Perhaps Remus's?""No, it's not safe there." James struggled to his feet, his face red with both blood and cold. "We'd be better off at Sirius's. He's got a better protection system in place."Lily didn't argue.There was a rickety old tavern below Sirius's flat, so they ventured inside to grab a drink before they headed up — James needed something to calm his nerves before he told Sirius the news.They sat at the empty bar, alone except for a seedy-looking man who was making eyes at Lily — instinctively she drew closer to James, who didn't notice."I'll have a rum and coke," he said and glanced at Lily. "And…""I'll have a strawberry daiquiri," she said quickly.The bartender moved away to make their drinks. Lily was still aware of the man leering at her."I've got to take a piss," James said, getting up, and Lily almost called him back — she didn't like the way the man was looking at her. But he didn't look particularly inclined to approach her, so she kept her gaze on the bar.At least, until someone breathed down her neck. The breath was hot and putrid, billowing around her, and she almost gagged."That your boyfriend?"She didn't dare turn around. "Excuse me?""I said, was that your boyfriend?"James, hurry up…"What's it to you?" she said curtly."Well, a pretty thing like you should have a boyfriend," the man murmured. "If the position isn't filled…"Lily opened her mouth to either scream or deliver a cutting reply before a familiar voice intervened."That position is filled. By me. So I'd appreciate it if you moved away from my girlfriend."She almost cried with relief as the man backed away. Her heart pounded in her ears until James slid in next to her."Thanks for the save," she said, her voice oddly steady."It wasn't a problem." He winked. "Consider me the guy who will chase off all the perverts and weirdos from my lovely fake girlfriend."Lily felt her cheeks warm. "...Thanks," she said quietly.She hated sharing a bed with anyone — but Sirius only had one extra bed and James refused to let Lily sleep on the floor. Likewise, Lily refused to let him sleep on the floor. So here they were, sharing a bed and it was so, so awkward.It shouldn't be. They were friends. But it was more of the fact that it was a boy and girl sharing a bed and the implications of that that scared her.But everything would be okay, right? They were on opposite sides and nothing was going to happen.They were just friends...right?631 words1000 - 246. "You're not weak. You're one of the strongest people I know."Sci-Fi September Day 15 - Dialogue: "Everything is gone. Everything we worked so hard for is just rubble and dust…"Pick a Wick - 13. GingerbreadBuild a Better Breakfast - 30. Spinach365 - 29. BitterShades of Oz - Galinda the Good Witch (Lily Evans Potter)Heartbreak Weather - Arms of a Stranger (sharing a bed) / bonus: James/Lily

Overhead, the speakers crackled and the captain's slightly slurred voice echoed from all around them. "Siri, how do I land a space ship?""Looks like the captain broke into his stash of wine again," Lily said, sighing. "Do you want to handle the landing, or should I?""I will," said Remus, moving to the control panel. "It's your turn to go take care of him anyway.""Right." Lily groaned. While she didn't mind, the captain was a pain in the arse to deal with in a drunken state.She headed straight for the captain's quarters, where she knew he would be, and sure enough, he was sprawled out on the floor with a bottle of wine — well, he had one in his hand, and there were at least two or three more scattered around him."James," she said, and his head snapped up."Did you drink all the wine again?""Evans!" he shouted giddily, leaping to his feet and kicking one of the bottles away. He stumbled towards her and tripped facefirst into her shoulder.She could smell the alcohol on his breath, but she also picked up on the scent of cologne on his shirt. An overwhelming scent. She cast her eyes around and spotted his cologne bottle, now empty. James tended to go overboard when he was drunk."All right, let's get you to bed," she said, turning herself until she could sling his arm around her shoulder and drag him to the bed — damn, he wasn't light.She half-flung, half-draped him on his plush bed, and was about to leave when a warm hand seized her wrist and tugged with an ample amount of force. Letting out a short squeal of surprise, she toppled and fell on a very solid body."Lily," the captain murmured. "If I pour my heart out, can you keep a promise?""Oh, no more pouring of any kind for you," she rasped out, very much distracted by the captain's very fit body. "You're drunk, James, so just be quiet and sleep —""I love you," he said boldly, unexpectedly, and Lily caught her breath. Then she remembered he wasn't in the right state of mind; he probably didn't know what he was saying."I love you too," she said placatingly, "now go to sleep.""No," he said firmly, his voice a little clearer. "I love you, Lily. As in love you love you — as in I want to be the Spiderman to your Gwen Stacy, the Sherlock to your Watson, the Elizabeth to your Darcy —"Okay, he was definitely drunk — there was no way he would be Sherlock. She was Sherlock. And she was definitely Elizabeth. He would never make that mistake while sober. But that was the least of her worries."You love me?" Lily said faintly, gazing at his face — she had a perfect vantage point atop his chest."Always have," he rumbled. "You're my soulmate —"Lily came to her senses then as the ship shook a bit, meaning Remus was landing it. "I don't what to say — can we discuss this la —"But a loud snore interrupted her. James had fallen asleep, a content look on his face."— later," she whispered, stifling a giggle.She didn't love him. Not yet. But she was halfway there.556 wordsAssignment 5, Etymology Task 9 - Write about someone drinking too much and their actions following it.Sci-Fi September Day 16 - "Alexa/Siri, how do I land a space ship" is heard over the ship speaker system.Build a Better Breakfast - 10. Grapefruit: (trope) In Vino VeritasSkyscraper, Floor 5 - (drink) winePick a Wick - 2. Baking Cupcakes1000 - 145. Perfume/CologneShades of OZ - The Tin ManHeartbreak Weather - Dear Patience

TL;DR: Forget everything you know about canon except the characters. Below is a longer explanation.This is a mess. It's a Voldemort Wins!AU mixed with an Android!AU and Space!AU. Basically after Harry was killed, all the survivors went into hiding, built spaceships, and went into space, pursued by the enemy. Parvati and Lavender never met."It's amazing how fast the world can go from bad to total shit storm," Parvati mused, fingers tapping away at the main computer's keyboard. "One second, we were fighting a war on Earth, and the next we're fighting one in the air, with lasers instead of wands.""You're not wrong," her twin sister Padma admitted, leaning against the side wall. "I feel safer here though…at least I have a place to hide.""But if our ship is blown up, you're going to fall into nothingness," Parvati pointed out. "Doesn't that scare you?""If our ship is blown up, chances are that we have nothing else to live for," Padma said. "I would rather die.""...I suppose," Parvati conceded. Padma's cat, Elvis, twined itself around Parvati's legs and purred contentedly. Both girls wished they could feel that way."Where's Elliot?" Padma asked, referring to Parvati's dog. Both the cat and the dog had been rescued when they had snuck onto the Death Eaters' ship and found how mistreated they'd been. Padma had taken an instant liking to the cat, while Parvati preferred the dog, so it had worked out perfectly.But Parvati wasn't certainly thinking about that when Elvis unwrapped himself from her legs, leapt onto the broad keyboard, and ran across."Elvis no!" Parvati shouted, grabbing the cat, but it was too late — a string of unintelligible green-lettered words had been sent out into the unknown, perhaps to an enemy ship."Bad cat!"On another ship, just a few hundred miles away, another ship picked up the message. Lavender's eyes scanned the mess of letters, her android brain automatically decoding the string."Dean!" she called without taking her eyes off the page. "I think you need to see this.""A-A marriage proposal?" Parvati squeaked, staring flabbergasted at the foreign people on her ship. Apparently Padma's cat had accidentally propositioned another person on another ship — or rather, an android on another ship."I don't understand," she said, her eyes darting between the girl android with the pretty dirty blonde hair and the dark-skinned boy with eyes the color of coal. "You're saying that random string of letters that was accidentally sent was actually a code for a marriage proposal?""Yes, it was," the girl said patiently, her eyes fixed on Padma's. "A proposal of marriage to me, specifically.""You?""Yes, me, the captain of the ship.""O-Oh." Parvati pursed his lips and rounded on Padma. "This is all your fault!""Didn't we go over this already?" Padma snapped. "It was an accident, it wasn't anyone's fault. Can you be nice for two minutes?" She shot her a we have guests look.Parvati glared at her sister. "I don't think that's possible."Padma let out a sigh. "Thanks for telling us," she said, addressing their guests. "We'll discuss your proposal and give you an answer by the end of this rotation.""That will not be an issue." The pretty girl smiled at Parvati and her stomach swooped. "You know what my answer is. I am willing to court you, at the least." She winked.Maybe, maybe marrying the girl wouldn't be so bad...but she was android. Humans couldn't marry androids — right?But Parvati felt like some rules were meant to be broken. Maybe she could marry this girl (after courting her, of course).Padma smirked as if she knew what Parvati was thinking.Oh, dear sister…568 wordsSci-Fi September Day 17 - An unintelligible message is sent out into the void because someone's pet cat walked across their keyboard. Message is interpreted as a marriage proposal.Heartbreak Weather - Black and White - [scenario] Write about a character knowing (or realizing) they're going to marry someoneFounder Says - Rowena - 4. "Can you be nice for two minutes?" / "I don't think that's possible."Skyscraper, Floor 5 - (creature) dogBuild a Better Breakfast - 15. BlueberriesPick a Wick - 17. Lavender365 - 108. Flabbergasted1000 - "It's amazing how fast the world can go from bad to total shit storm."xRecord Collection - 24K Magic - 7. Calling All My LoveliesLizzy's Loft - 8. (pairing) ParvatiLavenderFilm Festival - 4Scamander's Case - 28

The first sound James heard was the sound of a lawnmower.He'd heard of the Muggle invention of course — he had seen it at Lily's house when he'd visited her parents, and Lily had told him it was used to cut the grass when it got too tall.But wait — he'd been fighting some Death Eaters; they'd been ambushed in Hogsmeade. So where the hell was he?James sat up quickly, his hand groping around for his wand. He felt something long and smooth and wooden next to his leg and let out a relieved sigh. If nothing else, he could defend him.The door burst open and a red-haired girl barged in, her emerald green eyes sparkling. "James, you lazy arse, aren't you going to get up?" She was smiling and James reeled as he recognized her."Lily?""Of course it's me," she said, tilting her head to the side. "Who else were you expecting, your boyfriend Sirius?"What in Merlin's name was doing here? James gaped at her."Oh lighten up, it was just a joke," she said, rolling her eyes. "Come downstairs when you've brushed and gotten your sense of humor back. Sirius wants to talk to you about a lyric for a song you two came up."Lyric...song...what? Was he a singer?"Y-Yeah," he said shakily. Lily smiled again which was like a bolt of electricity to the heart, and she walked out, her hips swaying. Despite himself, James stared.When she was out of earshot, James swung his legs out of bed and gazed at his wand. Would it work? Only one way to find out."Avis," he said, but nothing happened. Desperately, he tried a few more spells with no result. Now on the verge of panic, he flung the useless wand across the room.Fuck, he was trapped in this magic-less world, utterly defenseless, with a Lily who apparently lived with him. Oh, and he had no memory of that ever happening. The last thing he'd ever known was Lily screaming his name as the Death Eater had struck him down. He remembered her lips parted as she begged for him to stay awake, that help was coming.They hadn't been friends. They hadn't been dating. They'd been walking the line in between.And now he was here, trapped in this realm where Lily was his girlfriend, wife, or something that wasn't a friend. He was a musician or singer or something related to that, and he was a shit singer.James stood. He wasn't going to accomplish anything just sitting around and waiting for someone to rescue him.He was going to find his own way out.449 wordsSci-Fi September Day 18 - Trapped in an alternate dimension or worldShades of OZ - 15. Emerald CityHeartbreak Weather - 16. Band or Singer!AUPick a Wick - 33. Whiskey & Jazz

"I'm telling you, mate. She may seem like lollipops and rainbows but I bet behind closed doors she's latex and whips." Sirius grinned, giving his customer a wink. "She's a firecracker, that girl."Teddy smiled, his anxiety giving way under Sirius's humor. "Thanks for helping me out. Oh, and for the Pumpkin Pasties.""No problem," Sirius said, trying not to look at Teddy's red string again. "Good luck with Victoire.""Thanks," Teddy repeated and rose, checking his watch. "Shit, I'm late! I was supposed to meet her five minutes ago! I'll see you around!""See you."He woke up in a gray, empty, cold room with a wire attached to his wrist. "Hello?" he called, and that's when he noticed the string around his index finger."Rough day?" Lily asked sympathetically as they both sipped from wine glasses. Sirius was staring moodily at the red string around his finger."Huh?" he asked and then his mind caught up to his ears. "No, no, I was just thinking…""Don't," Lily said sagely. "It's such a bad habit.""You're such a bad habit," Sirius retorted childishly."Oh please, that was such a lame comeback." Lily rolled her eyes. "Are you sure you're feeling okay? Because your comebacks are better than this.""I'm fine," he muttered, staring into his wine glass.No one was there. The red string was the only thing that connected him — what? Who was at the other end?The door opened easily, noiselessly, and Sirius walked down the never-ending hall. The hallway too was gray stone, and it was awfully quiet.At the end was another door. This one opened into daylight. The scent of grass hit his nose and the wind tugged at his hair. The red string lay gleaming before him in the sunlight, but only for a few meters. After that, it was strange — the string curved up, into the sky, as far as Sirius could see.What did it mean?Sirius generally avoided the park because it was full of couples, soulmates, holding hands and looking nauseatingly adorable. It was only a cruel reminder of what he couldn't — didn't — have. He instead bought himself an ice cream and walked to the beach. The sun blazed overhead and there were a few birds flying overhead.He gave the couples on the beach a wide berth, finding an unoccupied spot. Not caring about getting sand on his arse, he sat, licking his ice cream languidly.And that's when he heard the buzzing. Not in his immediate vicinity, but far above, and rapidly growing louder.The birds were descending — but wait, they weren't birds. They were sleek, metal transport ships, but with an unfamiliar symbol stamped on the sides.And bloody hell, they were flying towards him and —Sirius ran like hell, skidding through the sand, but to his horror, the red string resisted. He tugged on it impatiently, but the damn thing resisted like someone was pulling it from the other end.The bloody thing was attached to one of the ships, or more specifically, someone inside the ship.The transport ship landed behind him, spraying sand everywhere, and Sirius received a direct spray to his backside. He fell facefirst into the sand, but at least he had the foresight to close his eyes and mouth.The ship screeched to a halt and the damn string stopped resisting. He heard the creak of a door opening and a voice calling frantically, "Oh Lyall, are you okay? I swear I didn't mean to land as clumsily as I did!"Sirius coughed as he scrambled to his feet, brushing the sand off his skin and clothes. He could taste, no feel the grains of sand in his mouth (thankfully, it was only a few). "I'm fine, but could you watch where you're going next time?""Sorry!" the man (the voice sounded male) apologized. "This was my first landing and I'm so awful."Sirius turned and his face went slack as he took in the man standing before him. He seemed almost ethereal, with his amber-colored eyes and light brown hair streaked with white.Sirius's eyes dropped instinctively to his hand and saw a thread winding its way through the head, and at the end —The man raised his hand, inspecting it in the sunlight. "I suppose we're soulmates?""...I suppose. Wait, who are you?""Remus Lupin. And you are?""Sirius, Sirius Black.""Well, Sirius Black," Remus said, pushing his hair out his eyes and smiling shyly. "I'd be honored and grateful if you showed me around your…dwelling. And perhaps we can discuss this red string?" He gestured to the beach and the city beyond, the red string following his hand."I'd be okay with that."Oh, he was very okay with that.800 wordsSci-Fi September Day 19 - After gaining the ability to see people's Red Strings of Fate, tying soulmates to each other, You realise yours extends past the sky. Pick a Wick - 23. PumpkinBuild a Breakfast - 11. BananasFounder Says - Rowena - 7. "You're such a bad habit."Skyscraper, Floor 5 - (action) flyingShades of OZ - 9. Flying Monkey1000 - "She may seem like lollipops and rainbows but I bet behind closed doors she's latex and whips."365 - 305. Taste

Lily's parents had gotten implants put in Lily's head as part of a local scientific experiment so that her hair color would match her mood. It was like she was a human mood ring and she loathed it.And never had her hair changed so much, except when she was around James Potter."Are you...jealous?" James crowed as Lily scowled, but her hair told him everything — her hair was green, jealous green, and she was burning, but her stupid hair wasn't changing back."I hate you," she muttered, clenching her fists, and the git was laughing. "Love you too," James said, but he didn't mean it in the way that Lily wanted him to mean it; she wanted to thrust her way out of the friendzone and kiss him silly, until neither of them couldn't see straight.But James was smirking, the smug dolt, and the first thing she would do when she left the friendzone was deck him.Lily took a couple of deep breaths and her hair slowly shifted colors, going from green to blue, and she calmed down. "You're an idiot," she said goodnaturedly, "but I'll forgive you since you're a handsome idiot."The smile abruptly died from James's face and Lily felt a bolt of satisfaction — he could dish out, but he couldn't take it, and judging from the way his hair turned a different color, he was definitely affected."What — I — that's not fair!" he sputtered, his face matching his vermillion hair. "You can't just come out with lines like that and —""You want to talk about fair?" Lily said calmly. "How about you teasing me every chance you get? About all the times you hounded me to go on a date with you? About all the pranks you pulled on me?""...Alright, I suppose you're correct," James conceded.Lily grinned.312 wordsSci Fi September, Day 20 - People become human mood rings: they get implants that make them change colour along with their mood.

Lily knows she's not in London anymore when she opens her eyes — she's standing in unfamiliar terrain, wearing a hoop skirt and a corset that constricts her chest. Around her, people stand conversing about —"Prince James is so handsome," one girl gushes, fanning herself. "I hope I'm the one chosen.""Ha, don't make laugh," her companion says scathingly, "we all know who he's going to choose. Lady Evans has him wrapped around her finger."Evans?"Excuse me," Lily says as politely as she can manage, walking through the pair. The two girls, heavily perfumed and layered with cosmetics, gape at her openly. But Lily is too absorbed in examining her surroundings.Where am I?But she doesn't have long before her vision is blurring and her body is tugged backward.She's falling. Falling, plummeting through a bottomless tunnel, and it's so, so dark —— and she lands hard on her feet on the cement ground. She's still in her hoop skirt, so it's a softer landing, but her left ankle throbs.Gritting her teeth, she hobbles forward but lets out a cry as pain shoots up her ankle, through her leg, and bloody hell, it hurts. It's sprained.Lily isn't a paramedic or a doctor. She doesn't know to splint her ankle. She can't go on without hurting her ankle further, but she has to continue; this is a survival game and she can't lose.She knows what's going on now, because the first game had belonged to a royalty RPG she'd played when she was younger. This is one of her newer exploits.Limping forward, she ignores the flare of agony from her ankle and follows the dark tunnel. She hates the dark, but then again, when she'd purchased the game, she hadn't thought she'd be the main character.But she will survive. She has to.310 wordsWritten for:Sci-Fi September Day 22 - Books and videogames have both been replaced by interactive virtual worlds filled with fascinating characters

WARNING for depression, suicidal thoughts, near-suicide, blood, mentions of war."I — I can't believe this has happened!" the scientist said incredulously, pushing back his goggles and revealing his wide eyes."What-what happened?" James asked shakily; he was gripping on the handlebars for support, but as he straightened himself he felt a surge of energy."You're — you're —"That's when the world exploded.James stood on the battlefield, gunshots ringing in his ear. He was covered in blood, but it was a ruse; it wasn't his own. He couldn't be shot. He couldn't be stabbed. He couldn't die.And it was the worst feeling in the world.He'd loved once too.Her name had been Lily, and she'd had the brightest green eyes and she was absolutely beautiful.They'd met on a crisp day in October, dated during the winter, and then she'd been hit by car on the day he'd planned to propose to her.James really tried to kill himself then. He stood on a cliff facing the sea and thought about jumping. Letting the water drown him and pull him into its depths.Then he thought of Lily, of a particular day during the winter. Snow had been on the ground and she'd fallen into it, moving her arms and legs in unison to make a snow angel."Join me!" she'd said, and James had shaken his head."I'm too old to make snow angels."He was. He was too old. But Lily didn't — hadn't known that."You're never too old to make snow angels."She'd looked so much like an angel then that he'd agreed, and they'd spent a wonderful afternoon in the snow.She'd kissed him. Her lips were chapped and icy and they tasted like strawberries.He didn't jump.He should have. Lily was burned into the back of his eyelids, and the worst part?He would never be free of this pain.311 words1000 - 258. "You're never too old to make snow angels."Sci Fi September Day 23 - A team of scientists attempt to genetically alter a human to adapt to another planet's terrain or outer space travel. They accidentally make him or her immortal.

"There's...no one here." James kicked at a clod of mud, grimacing when it clung to his shoe. "I told you it was uninhabited." He gazed at the reddish skyline, but his eyes first traveled over the miles of barren desert."I told you, I saw a house just over that ridge!" Sirius insisted, pointing. "Granted, it was worn and looked abandoned…""Perhaps it was left behind by the original owners when they evacuated," Remus suggested. "It doesn't hurt to look, though." He adjusted his helmet and started the trek, and after exchanging looks, James and Sirius followed.The journey took longer than they expected — trekking through a hot, muddy desert was not easy, and they had to keep stopping to extract themselves from the sticky mixture. Thankfully, their suits had thermometers, so they were able to keep themselves cool, but whoever had designed these suits had not thought of mud-resistant boots."How far?" Sirius whined, glancing up at the sky; the orange sun was beginning to set."Look," Remus said calmly.Just a half a mile away lay the house that Sirius had noticed and just like he'd said, it was dilapidated. But they were so relieved to find a shelter that they did not care how it looked, but they did care when they saw a lone figure in the distance, walking towards the house. It looked like...a girl?And then they picked up on the sound of voices."...There are people?" James was the first to voice his disbelief. "I thought Earth was unlivable!""Apparently not," Remus said, awed. "I guess they're descended from people who didn't make it out — perhaps the planet is not inhabitable after all."They gawked as the girl raised her hand in greeting — she was smiling knowingly. "Not from around these parts?""How can you tell?" James couldn't help himself.The girl smiled. "I'm Lily," she said simply. "Follow me. I think you'll find that Earth is still a home for the forgotten."335 wordsSci Fi September Day 24 - Before the Earth was made uninhabitable, a group of survivors evacuated the planet on a spaceship. Generations later, it's finally time to send a team down to test for habitability, but upon landing you discover that there were survivors who never left.

It was hard. Very hard.Severus watched from afar as Lily spoonfed Potter yogurt as they sat on a blanket. She was laughing at something ridiculous Potter had said — the buffoon wasn't funny at all, but Lily seemed to find him hilarious. She was laughing a lot more these days and it lit her up from the inside like a lantern.Severus hated Potter with every fiber of his being, but he begrudgingly admitted that he made her happy.The Hogwarts grounds were bustling with activity; students were letting off steam after classes and the weak winter sunshine streamed in between the clouds. The rain had momentarily stopped so everyone was taking advantage of the nice weather. Many were like Lily and Potter; they'd snatched up a coveted spot under a tree by the lake and were talking, eating, and generally enjoying themselves.Not Severus, though. He had noticed the Marauders whispering amongst themselves during Potions and had immediately grown suspicious. He'd meant to follow them and catch them redhanded, but evidently, they'd all split off into groups after classes. Black and Lupin were standing a few meters away from Lily and Potter, and Black was whispering something into Lupin's ear. Lupin blushed, cast a furtive glance at Potter, and then grabbed Black's hand. Black wore the biggest grin as Lupin dragged him towards the castle.Severus felt a pang of loneliness and pushed it aside with a scowl."Why are you scowling to yourself, Snape?" It was Mulciber, a scowl of his own etched permanently on his face, but he bit back that remark.He didn't want to admit that he'd been spying on Lily and Potter out of jealousy, so he gave Mulciber a version of the truth. "I felt as though those four were up to something, so I decided to watch them and make sure I caught them.""Are they?"Severus fidgeted with the hem of his smock, meeting Mulciber in the eyes. "Nothing so far, but I'm going to continue to keep on eye on them," he said firmly."You do that, then." With a dignified nod, Mulciber walked away.Severus returned to watching the grounds, but Lily and Potter were gone. He shifted his gaze and saw now it was Lily dragging Potter up to the castle and Potter had a silly smile on his face like he was about to get lucky.Stupid, he thought to himself, turning away. Stupid of you to ever have loved her.415 wordsWritten for:Talent Show - Entry: Professor SnapeChar App - 12. (action) StaringRecord Collection - 21 - 10. Lovesong - Write about loving someone when they can't be together.Time Machine - 16. Era: MaraudersElizabeth's Empire - 9. (plot point) hidingLizzy's Loft - 2. Write about trying not to get caughtScamander's Case - 5. Severus SnapeBex's Basement - 14. Star Lord - unrequited loveKiss, Marry, Kill - Kiss - Word: SuspiciousPumpkin Carving - Pumpkin - (word) FirmBingo - Unrequited LoveFortune Telling - Heart Line - JamesLilyApple Bobbing - Apple 5 - Marauders' EraCostume Party - Bowling Pin - Unrequited LoveLeaf Picking - Orange - 5. Emotion: JealousyPop Figures - Game of Thrones - 13. Brienne of Tarth - Unrequited loveSticker Club - Portugeuse Long Snout - Trait: SlytherinComing Out Day - Green - Write about a SlytherinNational Pizza Month - Avocado: Unrequited Love

He couldn't have feelings for her.But she was mesmerizing; she moved so fluidly and so gracefully and her face was so kind, so human. It was easy to forget that she wasn't a robot.James was supposed to be navigating the ship — but Lily was standing right behind him, all beauty and warmth and he couldn't think. His intelligent mind was stumped, something that he'd never experienced before.He wasn't — couldn't be — allowed to have feelings for her because it was illegal. He would be broken into spare parts if he fell in love with this human.He was pretty sure he wasn't the only one who had feelings for her; she charmed every robot or any other space being that she met — but he was the only one she spent her time with."Hey, James," said Lily, and he immediately sprung to awareness, "I wanted to ask you something. Something of a...sensitive nature. I've tried asking others, but they refuse to speak with me about it.""I'll answer it," he said instantly, trying not to sound too eager."I wanted to ask...I heard about a law that prevents a human and an android from falling in love with each other."James was sure his joints were rusted because every part of his body stopped functioning."Is it true? Can robots and humans not fall in love?"James swallowed. "No...and yes," he admitted. "You can't stop anyone from falling in love — it just happens. Whether or not you act on it is the dangerous part. If you act on it, the human is executed and the robot is dismantled for spare parts.""But why?" She came around to stand next to him, the warmth of her skin radiating off in pleasant ways.James was having a hard time focusing. "Because...because it's risky," he said quietly. "A robot isn't fully in control of themselves, they could be manipulated to harm a human. And most humans are considered fickle and flighty and prone to breaking easily. Years ago, there was a war between both races and...that's why that law was put into place.""Oh," she said, sounding odd. "Oh, okay. I wasn't sure, because, well…"In the clear window directly in front of him, he had a good look at her face and...was she blushing?Wait, did Lily have feelings for someone on this ship?More importantly…...who was it?410 wordsSci-Fi September Day 26 - By law, robots and humans are strictly forbidden from falling in love with each other.

There had been fire. Lots of fire. Lots of fire streaking from the sky to the ground, setting the ground aflame. Cities had burned. People had died, screaming and afraid for their lives.Lily had only survived because she'd been in a remote area, going for a nature hike, and the fireballs had only struck the most populated areas. It had wiped out the world's entire population, and she had had no idea until she'd returned to the city in her car and saw it in flames.That had been traumatizing, to say in the least.She'd screamed, she'd run through the city, howling, searching among the dead — the smoke stung her nose, scalded her mouth and throat, and she couldn't breathe — and she'd found her parents and sister burned beyond recognition —Nothing had been the same after that.She'd been believed to be the only survivor. Of course, there was no one else to confirm it, everyone was gone.Or she'd thought so.Lily stared at the sleeping man. She'd been walking in a forest, scouting for undamaged food, and she'd stumbled upon him.He was barely stirring, moaning weakly, but he didn't seem like he was hurt. He just seemed...dazed. Discombobulated."Mmmgrrr," he groaned. His eyes fluttered open and went wide as soon as he saw Lily standing over him. "Wuzzgoinon?""The entire world was wiped out by an enormous fireball from space, possibly from some beings beyond our imagination," she informed him brusquely. "At least, that's what I believe. There isn't anyone to confirm it. You and I are the only ones left.""...Wow." He took it better than she thought, even managing to sit up. "So we're really the only ones left?""As far as I know," Lily said. She gave him a once-over. "What happened to you?""It's embarrassing, but since you can't tell anyone…" He paused, clearing his throat. "I may have tripped and hit my head pretty hard.""Well, welcome to the new world," she said, holding out a hand. "I'm Lily.""James."344 wordsSci-Fi September Day 27 - Someone believes they're the last person on Earth. Until…

Lily frowned. Remus had fixed the scanner yesterday; they'd spent hours repairing the ship after everyone had fled the ruins.But apparently, not everyone had fled.The scanner on the control panel was displaying that two life forms were still aboard in the emergency life support wing — two men, it seemed like, with the names Potter, J and Black, S."Remus, come look at this," she said, beckoning her friend. "There are still two people on board in emergency life support."Remus stared at the scanner's display, alarm showing on his face. "Well, what're you waiting for?" he demanded. "We need to get down there!""You're right." Lily broke into a sprint, hurdling over the remaining debris in her haste, her mind spinning. The wing the two men were in was the only part of the ship left intact — she and Remus hadn't ventured in there, assured that there was no one. But there were, there were people in there.She shoved open the doors, Remus on her heels, and skidded to a halt as she saw the two men, locked inside an emergency life support ventilator."We need to figure out what to do with them," Remus said, panting. "We can't just leave them here.""Obviously," Lily retorted, but her mind was working, trying to plan her next steps. She couldn't just open the ventilators — she needed special clearance, and only the medical staff had it. "Let's keep them here for now," she suggested. "We'll track down someone from the medical staff and have them handle it. Neither of us is a doctor, so we're not equipped to handle anything. We'll just focus on rebuilding the ship and recovering the lost data."Remus glanced at the two men and nodded reluctantly. "Seems like the best plan. We should just do what we're here for."Lily shared his uncertainty, but there really was nothing she could do.All she could do was hope that those two would make it out alive.334 wordsSci-Fi September Day 28 - The scan showed that the ship's emergency life support was activated and there were two life forms aboard.

He woke up slowly from the crash and it was safe to say that the view through his cracked helmet officially sucked.He hadn't meant to crash the ship; the steering wheel had snapped off and there was no other way to guide the ship. He cursed whoever had built the ship — if he survived the ordeal of making it out and returning to Earth, someone was going to be sued.Sitting up, he glanced at the wreckage through his cracked helmet. Everything was destroyed. He saw the lifeless forms of his crew members and felt a surge of grief. It was his fault. He was the reason why there were dead.He crawled over to the body of his co-captain, Sirius, and hung his head. I'm sorry, he thought. I shouldn't have listened to Severus...it's my fault you're dead. After he spent a few minutes properly mourning his friend, he stood and surveyed his surroundings, pushing the guilt and grief from his mind. He had crashed on some unknown planet and he had no idea what was here if anyone lived here.He walked through the bodies, assessing how much damage was done, but stopped when he saw a chest rising and falling.One of his crew...was breathing.He glimpsed red hair. There was only one person with red hair and that was his engineer, Lily.She must've been tinkering with something at the back of the ship, hence why she was wearing the oxygen suit.She was alive.It took all of his self-control to not scoop her up and hug her tightly. Instead, he knelt and tried to rouse her.Her eyes opened and her lips parted. James couldn't tell what she was saying, but the relief was painted plainly on her face. She sat up and threw her arms around him.James felt a tiny flicker of hope. As long as he had someone, everything would be okay.325 wordsSci-fi September Day 29 - He woke up slowly from the crash and it was safe to say that the view through his cracked helmet officially sucked.

The government had wanted fit, young men to draft for the apocalypse, so their names hadn't made the list — but their girlfriends had."This is blatant sexism!" Lily raged as they were herded into the bunker. "Women can fight too — why do we have to hide like cowards?""Because we're 'weak'," Marlene said; she was also upset but did a better job at hiding her emotions. "Because we're sentimental and pathetic."Lily huffed. "Why don't the men who made that list give me a knife and see how sentimental I am about dealing with them?"Marlene giggled. "I'm with you.""I mean, I want to fight," Lily stated. "Not just because James is out there, but I want justice. Those scientists who started the apocalypse — they ought to burn. Voldemort should be the first.""Indeed," Marlene agreed, her hands clenching into fists. "I want to be by Sirius's side, sure, but those bastards took my family and my friends from me for their stupid tests. They ought to be sent to the deepest parts of hell, where they belong." Her eyes gleamed angrily.Lily smiled. "That's the spirit."They were supplied with everything they needed, along with news of their loved ones, but they were never allowed out. Not even when they received news of their loved ones' deaths, so they were resigned to tears and grief counseling from their fellow comrades.It wasn't easy. Lily held her breath, waiting for the news she dreaded, but anger simmered in her chest. She wouldn't have to sit around and wait for news if she was out there, fighting.It wasn't fair.They didn't give an estimate of how long they were meant to be in there, but it was torture.Lily just hoped that it would be over soon.301 wordsSci-Fi September Day 30 - When the apocalypse began, there was a list of people who would be moved to the bunker for safety.

Warning for PTSD, war themes."It should be around here," Percy whispered, peering at the map with only the light from his flashlight, "so make sure you step carefully. Mines can detonate very easily —"Oliver rolled his eyes. "Quit being so overbearing, Perce, I know what I'm doing, and I know the risks. Hell, I've stepped on a mine and lived.""That mine was faulty," Percy snapped. "It wasn't going to detonate. Now shut up, we're on enemy territory."Oliver fell silent.Missions like these were always tedious; one wrong step and they'd explode. It didn't help Percy's nerves that the enemy was nearby, but his commander had ordered him to find an escape route. It appeared that the only route went through this minefield, but thanks to a stealthy infiltration by George and acquiring this map, they knew exactly where the mines were. The tricky part was avoiding."Okay, there's a mine ahead of us," Percy whispered. "I need you to step to the right, take three steps forward, and step to the left."Oliver edged around the mine and Percy followed; his forehead was beaded with sweat but he maintained a brave face."Are you nervous?" Oliver hissed."Of course not," Percy said in a low voice. "We're in enemy territory, their camp is right over there, and we're crossing a field full of mines just waiting to explode. Why would I be nervous?"Oliver frowned, shifting his feet before he remembered where he was, and forced himself to stand still. "Give me the map.""Why?""Just do it. You're clearly not in any state to lead, so just let me navigate."Percy scowled, but he acquiesced wordlessly. Oliver took the flashlight and the map and quickly located where they were with a glance at their surroundings. But just to confirm, he asked Percy, "Where are we?"With clammy fingers, Percy pointed out where they were and Oliver's eyes immediately zeroed in on the path he'd been aiming for."Okay, now we have to —" Oliver broke off as Percy's breaths became shallow and he dropped to his knees, holding his face in his hands."Percy, are you okay?" he asked, kneeling next to his comrade."F-Fred — h-he —"And then the reason for Percy's meltdown, his nerves, his shallow breathing, it came slamming into Oliver.Percy was remembering Fred's death."Shh," he murmured. Not because the enemy could hear them, but because Percy needed comfort. "I need you to breathe for me. Match my breaths. Can you do that?"Percy nodded shakily and Oliver drew him closer to his chest so he could hear his breathing. Slowly but surely, Percy's breathing steadied. Oliver wiped the sweat off his forehead with a rag and helped him to his feet."Are you ready?" he asked calmly.Percy nodded again, not trusting himself to speak."Okay. Follow me." Oliver held out a hand and Percy just stared at it blankly. "It's okay, just hold my hand. Everything's going to be fine. We'll be out of here before you know it."Percy's hand slid easily into Oliver's and despite the situation, Oliver smiled."Let's go."521 words

Miraculous Ladybug!AU"How do you accidentally end up married to a supervillain?" James demanded. "It's not that hard to not marry them.""Well, when you've been accidentally hit by an akuma who marries people off, it's rather difficult to resist," Remus retorted. "Unfortunately, despite my cleansing power, the marriages are completely legal and binding.""But what I don't understand is how you married a supervillain, when there were tons of strangers around you!""You saw what happened — Silverdog thought his akuma wasn't doing well enough, so he joined the fight — and we were both hit at the same time. He then performed a legal, binding ceremony and made us both sign marriage licenses."James fell back on the bed, his hand draped over his eyes in a dramatic fashion. "This is a disaster.""You tell me." Remus snorted. "I can't believe I married a supervillain. I can't believe I married my archnemesis, the man I'm supposed to be hunting down.""It'll make it easier to catch him, though, right?" James suggested hopefully.Remus shook his head. "Nah. He's fled back to whatever slimy hole he crawled out of. I'll just have to wait until the next akuma and lure him out.""Good luck," James said grimly. "Something tells me that Silverdog is not going to fall for it so easily, especially after today's fiasco.""But he'll have to come out at some point," Remus pointed out, "especially if he doesn't want to stay married to me.""True," James agreed. "We'll just have to wait and see."Remus bolted up in his bed, astonished at his sudden realization. Silverdog's identity was within reach — under the akuma's spell he would've signed his legal name on the license, not his supervillain name. Unfortunately, that would mean that Remus would've signed it with his legal name too.Where had the mayor kept the marriage license?James. He needed James. James was an expert lock picker and he could break into the mayor's safe of marriage records. If they were caught, they could use Remus's superhero status as a cover. People always listened to superheroes, even if they were lying.Normally, Remus wouldn't have used his superhero identity as an excuse, but…these were special circumstances.He rang James and waited for him to answer. James answered on the fourth ring. "Remus, it's two in the morning, this better be good.""Listen, I know how we can uncover Silverdog's identity," Remus said quickly. "But we'd better hurry because if I know Silverdog as well as I do…he'll be after the marriage license too.""...That's smart, looking at the license," James admitted. "But how am I going to help?""You know, with that special talent of yours."Remus grinned as the rusted lock popped open with a click. "The mayor should really hire a better security guard," James murmured, smiling. "Falling asleep on the job…that's very irresponsible." He smirked. Remus rolled his eyes."Did you forget what we're here? Now we need to search through these as quickly as possible. Look through the letter L first, he's likely sorted them by surname…"James rifled around through the L section, while Remus started flicking through the others. He stopped short at a familiar name."Ha, I didn't know that Sirius was married.""Must've been hit by that akuma," James muttered, now elbow deep in his section.Remus couldn't resist and opened the file. Part of him was wondering who had married Sirius, but when he saw the other name, he dropped the file."James," he said in a tiny voice. "I think I know Silverdog's identity.""What — how?" James dropped the stack of folders he was holding and peered over Remus's shoulder. "It should be filed under your —""It's not," he said shakily. "James, I'm — I'm Remus Black."Sirius. Sirius Black. Sirius Black, his classmate, was his archnemesis and his husband. Sirius Black, with his lazy smile and long hair hanging in his eyes, who pulled pranks on his classmates and gave his lunch to the poorer students.He was Silverdog."James, I'm — I'm not okay," he whispered, falling to his knees. "Sirius Black is my enemy and what am I supposed to do now?"702 words

"Stop moving," Ginny snapped. "I can't paint your nails if you're wriggling like a dying fish."She attempted to lunge for him again, but Harry flinched, drawing his hands out of reach. In his mind, he swore to kill Ron the next time he saw him. Stupid dares."Quit it, Gin," he whined. "I need to preserve my masculinity!""Painting your nails is masculine.""Since when?""Since you love me, and you're not sexist," Ginny replied calmly. "Now shut up and sit still, or I'll use a Permanent Sticking Charm on your arse."Harry shut up, leaning back in the chair. But after a few moments, during which Ginny uncapped the bottle of teal nail polish, he asked, "Why are you doing this?""You know why.""I don't mean like that," he said. "Why did you volunteer when you could've pawned me off to Hermione or Fleur? I know you hate doing stuff like this.""Because you're my boyfriend and I want to," she said simply. "Any more stupid questions?"Harry smiled.Harry wiggled his newly painted nails, but they were taking forever to dry. "I can't keep doing this," he said impatiently. "Can't we speed this up? Use a drying charm?""No. We're doing this the fun way." Ginny coated his toes with a fuchsia color — Ron's request. "This is how Muggle girls do it.""But I'm not —""You used to be, didn't you?" Ginny asked. "You know how it's like for Muggle girls, and besides, it keeps you in this chair longer." Smirking, she swiped the brush across his pinky toenail."I hate you," he muttered, staring at his teal fingernails again. "I hate you and your brother. That is the last time I accept a challenge. I really, really regret that.""At least you don't have it as bad as Ron," Ginny pointed out, a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth. "He has to let Hermione give him a lapdance without touching her. I think you got the better deal.""True," he agreed, and then leaned forward grinning. "Hey, Gin, would you be open to giving me a lapdance?""Only if you're a good boy and let me finish your toenails."He smirked. "That's incentive enough for me."375 wordsMonster Petting Zoo - Keith the Kraken - Pet Him: (colour) tealPumpkin Carving - Designs - 17. Moon - "I can't keep doing this."Trick or Treating - House Potter - 6. Fruit: (color) fuchsiaCostume Party - Flintstones - Wilma - Ginny WeasleyLeaf Picking - Yellow - 5. "I really, really regret that."Sticker Club - Hungarian Horntail - (character) Harry PotterPop Figures - Harry Potter - 01. Harry Potter - Character: Harry PotterComing Out Day - Red - Restriction: Write about a GryffindorPet Peeves - 14. Loud Hold Music - Trait: ImpatientUnited Nations - Luxembourg - (relationship) boyfriendWriting ClubRecord Collection - 25 - 9. A Million Years Ago - Emotion: RegretElizabeth's Empire - 26. (plot point) an argumentForecast - 30th - Rain: Arguing with someone

"I love you."Narcissa is seventeen when she confesses her feelings to Lucius. The lie slips easily off her tongue and it burns, but Lucius doesn't notice."Indeed," he says coolly like she's just informing him of the weather outside. "And I too love you. In fact, I want to marry you."She doesn't want to marry him. She knows that. But she doesn't have a choice, he is in love with someone else. "I wouldn't be opposed to that," she says."That's perfect, then." Lucius's icy demeanor slides down a little and he smiles, a hint of sunshine peeking through. "We should celebrate."This is closure, she thinks. Maybe she can finally get over him. Maybe she can marry Lucius and have children and forget that he existed.But who is she kidding?"That would be lovely," she replies, smiling thinly at him; her mind is buzzing.Narcissa is eleven when she sees the boy with the scars.He's got light brown hair, a sad, haunted smile, and scars patterning his face. He's eleven, but he looks seventeen.She doesn't see him much — just in passing, but there's this boy with long blonde hair and cold eyes who keeps looking at her, his gaze speculative. She withdraws into herself and ignores him.Narcissa is twelve when she talks to the boy with scars for the first time.Slughorn arranges a clever little seating chart where Gryffindors and Slytherins have to sit next to each other. Her cousin Sirius is paired with the boy with cold eyes and Narcissa can hear them arguing already.Narcissa keeps her mouth shut as she is put with the scarred boy, who greets her with a warm smile."I'm Remus," he says kindly. "You must be Narcissa. Sirius talks about you a lot." He doesn't specify what, which leads her to believe it's nothing good — Sirius had always been a little too rebellious for anyone's taste.Narcissa purses her lips and says nothing. Remus sighs, turning away and rummaging through his rucksack."Damn it. Sirius must've nicked it again," he says, mostly to himself, and then turns to Narcissa with a hopeful smile. "Have you got any spare parchment?"Narcissa has an internal debate before her damned kindness wins over. Wordlessly, she reaches into her neatly-organized bag and extracts a roll of parchment."Thank you," he says; their hands brush, and Narcissa tries not to blush.Narcissa is fifteen when she gets stuck under the mistletoe, and with her luck, it's enchanted mistletoe. Meaning that she's stuck until someone comes along to kiss her.Her heart plunges as she hears the approaching voices."You're impossible," she hears Remus says exasperatedly. The four boys appear and Remus is mid-argument with Sirius, something about Dungbombs and Snape."What? It's a good idea," her cousin says defensively. "You come up with something better."Their conversation ceases as they all see Narcissa at once. Sirius just narrows his eyes and walks right past her, while Potter completely ignores her. Pettigrew, like the mindless follower that he is, scuttles after them, and then it's just her and Remus.Remus's eyes dart up to the mistletoe and understanding dawns his face. "Need some help?" he offers.Narcissa doesn't want to kiss him. The only person she'd rather kiss less is Lucius. Speaking of Lucius…He's on the grounds not far below, but she can see him eying her. Any moment he's going to come and —"Fine," Narcissa says a little grumpily. "But only one kiss, and we never speak of this again.""Not a problem." Remus steps up and kisses her on the lips. It's a totally chaste kiss, but it does things to Narcissa's stomach. Things her stomach should have no business doing.It lasts about two seconds, but Narcissa steps away feeling dizzy and confused.And then Remus is gone, but the warmth of his lips remains.Narcissa is sixteen when they finally bring up the kiss.They're assigned prefect duty together — or rather, Narcissa had requested to not be paired with Lucius and the Head Girl had complied — and the silence is deafening."We haven't spoken in a while," Remus says awkwardly, but he's still so nice. "Not since…"Right. That day. Narcissa almost brings a finger to her lips, but she refrains at the last moment."Yes," she says. "But I thought we'd never speak of it again. I hope you didn't tell anyone." Especially, Sirius, she adds in her mind; if word reached back to her mother that she'd been kissing half-bloods —"I didn't," he assured her. "And I won't."She narrows her eyes. "How do I know you'll keep your word?""Because I've kept it all this time." He shrugs. "Besides, I don't want to destroy my relationship with Sirius. We're very happy together and it's better that I don't tell him."That too. Her cousin and Remus are dating; it's public knowledge, and even it wasn't, they weren't very secretive."That's — that's good, then," she says softly."How are things with Lucius?""Lucius?" She knows he fancies her, but she keeps rejecting him because he doesn't light that spark in her. Not the way that someone else does. "We're not anything. He just fancies me and I'm unsure of how I feel about him."Lies, her subconscious whispers at that last statement. You hate him because he's not him."That's good," he echoes.The rest of the patrol is spent in silence, alone with their thoughts.Narcissa is seventeen when she falls in love. She never really falls out of it.She sees them kissing in the hallways, stealing secret, lovesick glances when they think no one's watching, holding hands as they sit next to each other in class.They're not just lovers anymore, they've become molded to each other; there is no one without the other, and they fit together like puzzle pieces.Narcissa suppresses her disappointment, her confusion, her jealousy — those are for weaker fools.She smiles up at Lucius, who regards her with adoration. He loves her, she knows, but she is not ready to say it back. She's not ready to marry him. Not while she's in love with him.But she knows her duty. She will take a leap of faith, she will marry him, even if it is reluctantly.She swallows back the emotional lump in the throat.Narcissa is a fool, but she is strong.1077 wordsWritten for:Monster Petting Zoo - Keith the Kraken - Groom his Tentacles - (pairing) RemusNarcissaHalloween Sing-a-Long - 13. No escapin' the way you feelDrive-in Halloween Movie - 14. Coraline: "How do I know you'll keep your word?"Pumpkin Carving - 13. ApproachHot Air Balloons - 6. (character) Remus LupinFortune Telling - Head Line - 8. "We should celebrate."Trick or Treating - House Five: The Blacks - 4. Lollipop: (word) closureLeaf Picking - Yellow - 6. "You're impossible."Spooky Playlist - Zombie - 5. The Cranberries / (word) silenceDays of the Year - 13th November - World Kindness Day: Write about a random act of kindnessGet Organized Week - 20. "Have you got any spare parchment?"Chemistry Week - 102. Nobelium: NeatUnited Nations - 31. Cameroon: (word) PlungePop Figures - HP - 30. Death Eater Mask Lucius Malfoy: (character) Lucius MalfoyComing Out Day - Violet - Emotion: ConfusionSticker Club - Catalonian Fireball Dragon - (item) parchment

High School!AU"I've been looking all over for you! Where on Earth have you been? And why are you sitting out in the rain?""Leave me alone," Pansy grumbled, hastily wiping away her tears with the back of her hand. "I'm not in the mood for company.""Well, too bad." Astoria sat down on the step next to her, the rain cascading through her brown hair like a waterfall. Rummaging through her bookbag, she pulled out a comb and began brushing Pansy's hair. Pansy jerked back, staring at her incredulously."What are you doing?""I've heard combing someone's hair is therapeutic!" said Astoria brightly. "It should help you feel better.""You're weird," Pansy said, but she was smiling. Astoria might be bizarre, but she knew that her friend was only trying to comfort her. "Let's move inside, so you can comb my hair properly."They did not go inside but instead sat on one the benches under the canopy, and Astoria resumed brushing her hair."You have such beautiful hair, Pans," Astoria said. "Most people think black is a boring color, but I like yours. It's a pretty black, a jet black.""I've been thinking of dyeing it," Pansy admitted. "But it's nice to hear your opinion.""You're welcome. Why were you crying?" Astoria began braiding her hair.Pansy pursed her lips; sometimes it was impossible to pin down that girl. She was so…capricious. In a school of arseholes, that made her an easy target."None of your business." She drew her knees up to her chest."It is my business," Astoria replied patiently. "And besides, I think everyone heard about it. Little goes on in this high school that you don't hear about. Daphne heard you two arguing very loudly after Chemistry."Pansy frowned. "Then why are you asking me?""Oh, I don't listen to her," Astoria said airily. "She tends to overexaggerate rumors. I thought I'd rather hear it firsthand.""...If you must." Pansy's heart did an odd sort of somersault. "Draco and I broke up.""Mhm.""He said some things.""He can be rather nasty.""Tell about it. My only regret is that I didn't notice it until now. But the way he was talking…that was a side of him that I've never seen before. He's...mean. I guess it was only a matter of time…""Sometimes people can say things that seem mean, but it's just because they're afraid." Astoria tied the braid with a yellow hair ribbon (something else from the eccentric collection of items in her bag). "Do you think he was afraid of something?""Draco? He's never afraid." Pansy snorted. "Or at least he acts that way.""Everyone is afraid of something," Astoria said sagely. "I'm afraid of confrontation. You're afraid of seeming weak. He's afraid of commitment.""Commitment?" Pansy whirled around. "That makes sense. He lashed out because he was afraid that it was getting too serious and he wasn't prepared.""Yep." Astoria's hair was still decorated with pearly beads of rain, but she was smiling. "I think you need someone who is willing to commit the entire way. Someone who is prepared for everything that a relationship might throw at you.""You're right," Pansy said, determination flooding through her. "I can find someone better.""Indeed." Astoria was gazing at her, her eyes warm and her expression affectionate. "Though you might not even realize it, even if they're right in front of you."It suddenly occurred to Pansy that Astoria might be hinting at something. She was suddenly aware of Astoria's face close to hers, of the scent of vanilla. She was very, very pretty, and kissable…Pansy jerked back, her face burning, and grabbed her bookbag. Slinging it over her shoulder, she stood."I have to go," she mumbled, all but running out into the rain, because there was nowhere else to run."Wait!" Astoria called after her, but Pansy kept moving, rain beating at her head, the droplets icy against her skin —Astoria. Astoria ran past her, stopped, and wheeled around so she was facing Pansy. She was soaked too, but she didn't look any less beautiful."Don't go," Astoria begged, her eyes wide and round with desperation. "I need to know how you feel."This was such a contrast from the strange, dreamy-eyed Astoria, but then again she was prone to mood swings."Don't tell me that you didn't feel something," she said as Pansy stood motionless, emotions waging a war inside of her.Finally, she said, "I did feel something, but there's no point to it. It's just a passing fancy. I'm — I'm not —"The next thing she knew, Astoria was kissing her and Pansy was on fire.Pansy froze for about five seconds, but during those five seconds, she was acutely aware of something erupting in her, something scorching hot, something that egged her to respond.Desire.Slowly but surely, her lips moved, and once they moved, she was ravenous. Astoria's lips tasted like vanilla chapstick and her hands were relentless, pressing insistently against the small of her back and then sliding up to Pansy's hair, where they delved and made a home for themselves. Kissing her was intoxicating, electrifying; she felt as though she was going to explode from the sheer passion coursing through her body.Kissing Draco had never felt like this. Draco was cautious, testing out the waters, while Astoria…Astoria was storms and infernos and everything that was wild. Astoria didn't hold back.It was always the strangest of girls who had the fieriest souls.Astoria was the first to pull away. Her hair was plastered against her forehead, her cheeks were wet and streaked with raindrops, and her lips were swollen, but she was grinning triumphantly. "You can't tell me that you didn't feel something then. This isn't just a passing fancy, is it? Did I make myself clear?""...You did," Pansy breathed, resting her forehead against Astoria's. "I think…I think this is something more than a fancy."It was like the sun broke through the clouds, even though the rain didn't stop. In that moment, it seemed as though no storm had ever been more ferocious, but with Astoria in her arms, they could weather any storm.1036 wordsWritten for:Assignment 6 - Unsolved Murders - Task #11 - The Alphabet Murders: Write about a character with an alliterating name.Pumpkin Patch Stomp: A4 - (word) BizarreMonster Petting Zoo - Keith the Kraken - Go for a ride out to sea: (scenario) kissing in the rain Halloween Petting Zoo - Haunted Heart - 14. Christina Aguilera: It's like a dream but you hope it's realDrive-in Halloween Movie - 20. Paranorman - "Sometimes people can say things that seem mean, but it's just because they're afraid."Hot Air Balloons - 14. (color) YellowWine Tasting - Dessert Wine - 4. Croft Vintage Port 2017 - (pairing) has less than 250 fics.Trick or Treating - House Two: The Weasleys - 6. Fruit: (color) jet blackApple Bobbing - Apple 17/Pansy ParkinsonCostume Party - Beetlejuice - Beetlejuice: (color) BlackLeaf Picking - Yellow - 7. "I've been looking all over for you!"Pop Figures - 12. Bilbo Baggins - Character Type: Alliterated nameSticker Club - Antipodean Opaleye Dragon - (word) BeautifulTalent Show - 5. Baton Twirling - AU: High School!AU; Dialogue: "Do I make myself clear?"; Emotion: Regretful; Item: Comb; Word: BrightComing Out Day - Orange: Plot Point: Falling in love with someone of the same gender(more challenges to be added later)

Castaway!AU, Muggle!AU, Daphne might be a little OOC."I can't believe we managed to find a pumpkin patch," Daphne said happily, bending to cut one free with her penknife. "I was hoping we could continue one of the traditions from back home.""We don't even know what day it is," Blaise said. "It could be November. Time is unknown on this island.""Oh, Blaise, if you just paid more attention to the fall of the leaves, you'd realize it's still autumn," Daphne said, sighing. "If it were winter, the island would be colder. Remember the last winter?""As if I could forget," Blaise muttered."Oh cheer up," Daphne snapped. "In fact, I have an idea. Go find a pumpkin of your own. We'll have a little competition."Blaise would be lying if he said he wasn't intrigued. "What kind of competition?""Carving." Daphne finished sawing through the vine and picked up her pumpkin, cradling it to her chest. "We'll each carve a pumpkin however we want, and whoever has the better design can, say…sleep on the cot for the next week?""...That's a lame idea," Blaise said dismissively. "I think we can find better things to do on this island than a silly little pumpkin carving competition.""Does that mean you're too chicken to play?" Daphne's eyes gleamed. "I never pegged you as the cowardly type.""I'm not cowardly," Blaise retorted. "Is that what you think of me? Then clearly you don't know me well.""Then maybe you should participate in this 'silly' competition," she said, narrowing her eyes."Maybe I will." Blaise snatched the penknife from her and stalked away to choose a pumpkin, ignoring Daphne's laughter.Carving pumpkins came naturally to Daphne. She'd been doing it since she could hold a knife. It helped that she had an eye for aesthetics. Her movements were refined, precise, almost hypnotic as she sliced through her pumpkin with deft strokes. She glanced at her boyfriend and saw him doing exactly the opposite — he was hacking away at his pumpkin as if he had a personal vendetta against it."That's really not the right technique," she commented. "You need to do it more delicately —""It'll do," Blaise snapped. "Go back to your pumpkin."Daphne huffed, turning back to her pumpkin. "Sometimes I wonder why I ever wanted to be your girlfriend."Despite himself, Blaise grinned. "Because I'm the only one besides you on this island."Daphne rolled her eyes but chose not to respond, which Blaise counted as a little victory.As night fell and the firelight dimmed, Blaise and Daphne finished carving their pumpkins. They sat the pumpkins side-by-side to compare, and Daphne had to suppress a giggle, which was terribly difficult considering that they were huddled together. "What in Earth's name is that?"Blaise had mutilated his pumpkin beyond recognition; it looked more like he had carved a hole unevenly and tried to unsuccessfully pull out the insides. Next to his, Daphne's pumpkin looked neat and pretty."It was supposed to be you," Blaise muttered, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. "But it kind of got out of control."Daphne's amusement melted into affection and she pressed against him, looping an arm around his waist. "While the pumpkin is…certainly interesting, it's the sentiment that counts."He stared at the pumpkins for a couple of moments before lifting his gaze and looking at her. "I suppose you're the winner.""As a matter of fact, I think I am," she said, shifting so that she was facing him. "But I am feeling particularly generous tonight, so I think I will share my prize with you." She drew him in for a kiss, which turned into two kisses, which led to him carrying her in his arms as they returned to their hut. There, they spent a wonderful night in each other's arms.For Daphne, victory had never tasted sweeter. For Blaise…he didn't mind that he had lost, because he was rewarded anyway.655 wordsWritten for:Assignment 6, Beauty Therapy Task #1 - Round: Write about someone who is a natural at something.Monster Petting Zoo - Nadia the Nix - Bully men with: (scenario) carving pumpkinsPumpkin Carving - Designs - 1. Happy Face - (emotion) JoyMurder Mystery - People - 10. Daphne GreengrassWine Tasting - Red Wine - 1. Chateau Laroque 2019 - (character) Blaise ZabiniFortune Telling - Heart Line - 1. BlaiseDaphneTrick or Treating - House Two: The Weasleys - 10. Goodie Bag - (action) carving a pumpkinApple Bobbing - Apple 6/Huddling for WarmthCostume Party - Alice in Wonderland - 2. Madhatter: Action - LaughingLeaf Picking - Orange 7 - (emotion) JoyTalent Show - Fire Breathing - AU: Castaway!AU; Dialogue: "Is that what you think of me?"; Trope: Huddled Together for Warmth; Item: Penknife; Word: HopeWitches Weekly - Bonus - Carving PumpkinsComing Out Day - 7. Violet - Word: WonderfulPop Figures - D151. Louis - Action: Snapping at someone

Bellatrix/Lily and Unrequited Love.Nervousness didn't become Bellatrix Lestrange. Being nervous meant being weak, and being weak meant you were nothing. It's a simple breakdown and yet so complex. Bellatrix was no stranger to complexity.Complexity, when her sisters and her sat endlessly at the table, trying to master the refined art of cutting with a fork and knife elegantly. When she sat in front of a mirror, her mother fussed over her black, untamed curls, and tried to restrain them with numerous hair clips and bobby pins. When she was constantly compared to Narcissa, who was dainty and porcelain and perfect, while Bellatrix was the wild, rebellious witch with a foul mouth. She spent many minutes over a sink as she tried to wash away the Scourgify her mother used on her mouth.The Blacks were a complex family, model citizens, and Bellatrix was one of them. She knew the nuances of complexity.A flash of dark red hair caught her attention as she walked into the pub, her straight-backed stride and haughty expression demanding respect. She caught sight of the red hair again and its owner, the one whose laugh had haunted Bellatrix's dreams for weeks.No matter what, she couldn't shake off Lily Evans. Lily Evans was everywhere she was, all charm and cheer and spunk packed into one body. How a Muggleborn could be so indifferent and fearless against the mighty Thirteen families was beyond Bellatrix — Muggleborns belonged at the bottom. Evans belonged at the bottom. Her blood was filthy and muddy and yet —Evans reached out to touch her companion's hand, her laughter reaching Bellatrix's ears, and Bellatrix almost faltered. There was one more thing about Evans — she was utterly bewitching, so naturally she'd stolen the hearts of more than just Bellatrix.James Potter. Bellatrix struggled to contain the tide of jealousy within her. Here she'd been, about to approach Lily, nervousness wracking her stomach and Potter had just swooped in and snatched her up. Bellatrix was left behind in the ashes, the bitter taste of her defeat on her tongue.As she slid into a private booth, she watched the pair through narrowed eyes. Her view was unobstructed and she could see Lily sliding closer to him, their shoulders brushing — now they were leaning in, their foreheads touching —Bellatrix slammed her hand loudly on the table, earning her a few startled, reproachful looks, but she hardly noticed them. Hot, angry tears blurred her vision and she stood abruptly. She couldn't breathe because her lungs were constricted from the emotional backlash of watching them — "Something wrong, miss?" a patron dared to ask, but she shot him such an acrid glare that he withered and scuttled away. Not daring to look at the nauseating couple, she stormed out of the pub.Sometime during the hellish fever dream, rain had started to pour from the sky. Quite fitting.She didn't open her mouth until she was far, far from the pub, far from Lily Evans, and screamed her agony.It was heard by no one and was lost forever to the thunder and wind, and Bellatrix fell to her knees and sobbed.She hated being weak.531 wordsWritten forMonster Petting Zoo - Fix their rotten limbs: (pairing) Bellatrix/LilyPirate Ships - 531 / Total: 7455 wordsHalloween Sing-a-Long - 15. I'm In Love With A Monster - Fifth Harmony - My daddy told me, I should have better tasteHot Air Balloons - 10. (weather) WindyWine Tasting - Dessert Wine - 1. Warre's Vintage Port 2016 - (pairing) has less than 500 ficsHorror Hunt - 1. Summon Candyman: (object) mirrorTrick or Treating - House Four: The Lovegoods - 4. Lollipop: (word) emotionalApple Bobbing - Apple 14/WindyCostume Party - He Man - He Man: (Weather) RainLeaf PIcking - Orange 10 - NervousSpooky Playlist - 16. Superstition - Stevie Wonder / (object) mirror
