A/NLast night my daughter wanted to watch the cartoon version of Beauty and the Beast and immediately I began to think about Emma Watson in the real version, and then I started thinking about how the story could be tied to Hermione and Draco (avid Dramione shipper here!). I took notes throughout the movie and tried to make it relatable to the Wizarding World. So here is my take on Beauty and the Beast featuring Draco and Hermione. Welcome to Draco and the Dragon. I hope you enjoy it, and please read and review along the way :) This story mainly focuses on the duo in the Manor. We don't see much of Ron and Harry until much later. All rights reserved, I own nothing. Cheers!Draco Malfoy sat alone in his Manor staring at the silver dragon statue encased in a glass barrier as flames from the fire flickered around him. He was only a few months away from his twenty first birthday, only a few months away from losing his powers lest he find his true love, only a few months away from becoming a Muggle. He sneered as he thought about the consequences that awaited him if he failed to fulfill the old family tradition. It was a curse set upon his family by his ancestors, hell bent on ensuring the family name lived on for centuries to come. Generations upon generations of Malfoy's had been given the same fate, the same outcome, the same warning…He sighed as he threw back the glass of amber liquid in his hand, wincing as the burn of fire whiskey flowed down his throat. It's not like he hadn't been trying to find his so called soul mate; he was at the pub every other night, and there was a list of women a mile long his mother had tried to introduce him to, not to mention the countless females he attended Hogwarts with over the years who would give anything to be wed to The Draco Malfoy. None of them, however, had the expected outcome they desired- none of them caused the dragon statue to glow green, and as more and more time passed the dragon slowly grew older and if he failed in his task to fall in love before midnight struck on June 5th, the dragon would die, and along with it his powers. The most frustrating thing for Draco was that no one in the history of the Malfoy family tree had ever had this much difficulty finding their mate. Months, that's all that remained. He was doomed."Master Draco," squeaked a house elf appearing in the room with a slight crack. He barely spared it a glance as he continued to stare into the fire, that damn dragon glistening in glow of the flames. "Master Draco dinner is served."He set the now empty glass down and heaved himself to his feet as the house elf disappeared with another crack and made his way through the winding halls of the manor until he found himself in the dining hall with a long table, big enough for two dozen people, but set for only one.Although Draco appeared to be alone in the house he wasn't. He was joined by house elves and portraits of his ancestors- portraits who never seemed to shut up. But these presences were nothing compared to that of another human- another witch, perhaps; if he ever meets her, that is."You only have a few months left, Draco. Surely you should be out looking for your future wife instead of brooding-" A portrait on the wall spoke as he watched the young man settle into the table."That's enough Argon." Draco growled angrily tucking into his plate. He'd heard this line countless times before and didn't want to suffer through another dinner with the same antics from his ancestors."That's plenty of time," Gerald replied flippantly. "Back in my day we met and wed within just a few weeks. Draco has nothing to fear."With an annoyed huff he pushed his chair away from the table having hardly touched his meal and stormed out of the room. He didn't want to hear his ancestors speak of his future, he didn't want to hear their warnings, and he didn't want them to follow him- however he had no control over the latter as Malfoy Family Portraits decorated the manor, and no matter where he went they always seemed to be there.Picking up his wand he shot a blasting curse at the couch, hoping to relieve some of his stress and frustration, but all it did was drain him and make him feel remorseful. As the flames flickered in the burning piece of furniture all he could think was "that was my favourite couch". He reached for the bottle of fire whiskey that sat on the table and, ignoring the glass that was next to it, tipped the bottle back and slugged a few mouthfuls without so much of a wince this time.Little did he know his life was about to get a lot more interesting.Hermione Grange was often labelled as "the brightest witch of her age". In school she received top marks in all of her classes, she fought vigilantly in the war and came out on the winning side of things, and since that day she's been working hard as part of the Ministry in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. She was good at her job and, although she wasn't an auror, she was often found to be out working on cases for days- weeks- at a time (after all she's proven time and time again that she was perfectly capable of holding her own and taking care of herself), which was why nobody thought anything of it when she went missing for several weeks, they all assumed she had had a break through on her case, never would they have imagined to send a search party for her- if she was ever really missing at all, that is.Hermione rushed through the forest intent on tracking it- tracking them! She's had a lead, a secret source so to speak, that told her everything she'd need would be found in this forest. Her case had come to a dead end after all and she hadn't known which way to go up until she received that Owl telling her that the answers to all her troubles were here- in this forest. The Owl had come as a surprise to her, though. She hadn't confided in anyone about how difficult her case had become, nor that she had become stuck, but she welcomed any advice to help move her case along and decided it wouldn't hurt to follow through with the anonymous tip.She slowed her steps as she approached a clearing and waved her wand trying to detect any clues that related to her case. The tip of her wand flared a bright blue and she sighed, a smile coming to her face- she was getting somewhere. Could this be the big break she was waiting for? With bated breath she plowed on, quietly brushing limbs and branches away until she found herself on the edge of a gravel drive. She gasped as she looked towards the big manor that lay at the end, surrounded with tall gates and vines which intertwined them. Was this the place? Had she finally found it?The manor appeared to be dark, empty- abandoned. It wouldn't hurt to take a look around to see, truly see, if this was the place she had been seeking. But she had to be careful; there were likely wards, enchantments, and multiple protection spells surrounding the place. She was no stranger to such spells and she believed herself quite capable of detecting and breaking them.She waved her wand and nodded, satisfied with what she saw- there was indeed a layer of protection around the manor, nothing she couldn't get through though, after all she had no choice; if her suspicions were correct, and they usually were, she needed to enter the grounds, possibly even the manor itself, to find the answers she sought.Breaking the wards proved to be much easier than she expected- in fact, the protections hardly put up a fight as she muttered enchantments under her breath and swirled her wand; before long she was able to cross the gates and into the property. However as she walked she became a little suspicious that it had been a little too easy to get inside, and she hadn't met any beasts along the way- surely she should have met some resistance by now? Even if the Manor was, indeed, abandoned as it seemed.Holding her wand at the ready she crept down the long driveway until she came to the heavy door. She thought about knocking- surely that would be courteous thing to do?- but then thought better of it considering she was certain the house itself was empty. With a deep breath she pushed on the door listening as it creaked slowly open. A shiver went down her spine at the ominous feel. Taking her wand out again she performed the same spell as before watching, again, as the tip blazed blue- she was on the right path. It- they- were here, somewhere. The question was, where?"Hello?" Hermione's voice echoed off of the walls as she proceeded into the dark entry way. Glancing around she saw a fireplace with a lone chair in front of it. Portraits lined the hall and she held her breath as she lit her wand, passing it over the many faces behind the frames. None of them held names, and all appeared to be sleeping.Then she heard a voice whisper."It's a girl. A real girl. Inside the Manor.""Who's there?" Hermione raised her wand further and passed it over more portraits, but none appeared to be awake."Here on her own accord? Without invitation?" This was a new voice, and it appeared to sound thoughtful. "But that could only mean-.""Quiet Gerald," Another voice hissed. "We don't know that for sure.""Who are you?" Hermione asked again as she continued down the hall. The voices had grown quiet now but she was starting to get the feeling that she wasn't as along as she had first believed she was. Her voice grew stronger as she called out, "Show yourself! Come out and face me.""Alas," a voice said from right beside her, and she jumped, spinning around and holding her wand up higher. She stood face-to-face with a portrait who's eyes were wide open. He had grey eyes which looked vaguely familiar to her, dark hair, and a long pointed face. "That's just not possible, you see."Hermione stared at the portrait through wide eyes for a moment before casting her wand to the one next to it; he, too, was no longer feigning sleep but studying her curiously. This portrait had a grey wig on his head, a round face, but those same grey eyes. There was something about those eyes, something that Hermione should have recognized, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it."Who are you?" She repeated in a softer voice, bringing her attention back to the first portrait."Gerald, at your service." He did a small bow from inside his frame then glanced at the man beside him. "And that one over there is Argon.""And why are you here?""We live here," he stated simply. "We are the keeper of the Manor.""Be quiet Gerald," hissed Argon, studying Hermione through narrowed eyes. "I don't trust the girl.""But she made it inside, surely that means-.""It means nothing," snapped Argon. "Nothing I say!""You must excuse him," Gerald replied, turning back to Hermione with a roll of his eyes. "He's been living her far longer than the rest of us.""Are you here alone?" she inquired turning her back to the portraits so she could get a better look around the Manor.Gerald opened his mouth to reply but Argon interrupted him. "That is none of your concern, Miss. Beg your pardon but what business do you have here?"Affronted Hermione drew her shoulders back and faced the two portraits again. "I am on business with the Ministry. I am working on a case and-.""We do not have your answers. We bid you good day." Argon stated simply, then he turned his back and walked out of his portrait. Hermione's mouth dropped open in shock before looking back at Gerald who sighed and shook his head, shrugged, then turned and left as well.Although she was beyond curious to explore the manor further, she felt as if she'd invaded the space long enough. Surely she'd get her answers elsewhere. With a swish of her cloak she marched back towards the doors, reached for the handle, and pulled. Nothing happened. Bunching her eyebrows together she took a deep breath, grasped the handles firmly, and yanked harder- yet the door remained closed. Starting to feel anxious she withdrew her wand from her pocket and pointed it at the door, muttered a simply Alohomora, and prayed it would work- yet the door remained locked. Starting to panic she tried every spell she could think of, including Reducto, the blasting curse, thinking if she had to she'd burn the house down and walk from it's ashes and dust if it meant she got out of there alive. Yet, try as she might, the doors wouldn't budge.There had to be another way out; yet the windows were all locked, and the doors wouldn't open, despite her tried efforts. Panting from all the magic she'd used within a short amount of time Hermione slumped into the single chair by the fire, dropped her face into her hands, and began to cry.She didn't hear the footsteps approaching her, or the heavy breathing, or even the swish of the cloak- but she certainly felt the wand tip that pressed into her back, directly between her shoulder blades. She froze, her body going rigid, as a soft voice hissed in her ear. "You're sitting in my chair."

A/NThank you to everyone who has followed this story, and to those few who have reviewed as well! I hope to see many more reviews in the future as your kind words are what keeps me going to write more! Here's chapter 2! I hope you enjoy it!Hermione froze as the voice hissed in her ear sending a shiver down her spine. Her shoulders stiffened, her back going rigid, as her hand twitched towards her wand. There was something about that voice- something strangely familiar, as if a voice from her past. But who was it?"I- I'm sorry." Her words were barely above a whisper as she spoke. She wanted to turn her head and see who stood behind her but she feared the consequences of taking such action. "I- I was trying to leave but-.""How did you get in here?" He demanded, wand still pressing against her back. She found it start to shake. "How did you get past the wards? I would have felt them- I would have known-""They were very weak," Hermione explained simply, trying to keep a calm voice with the man. "It only took a few counter charms and-.""That's impossible," he snarled, shoving the wand in deeper; Hermione winced as she felt warmth emit from the tip. The man took a deep breath and let it out slowly as the wand pressure released slightly. "What business do you have here?""I work for the Ministry," Hermione explained. She found it easier to keep her eyes trained on the fire instead of focusing on the wand and the man threatening her. "In the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. I've been working on a case regarding House Elves and-.""My House Elves have done nothing wrong," He growled. "Leave them in peace.""I'd like to," she whispered sounding defeated. "But I can't- the Manor's bared itself against me. The doors and windows won't open, and-.""What?" Suddenly the pressure of the wand was gone all together and Hermione could hear footsteps storming towards the front entrance. After a moment of hesitation she got up from her chair and peered around the corner to see the man's hands on the handle of the door, yanking hard to the same results she had. He cursed, banging his fisted hands on the wood before turning to face her.She gasped as she caught sight of his face for the first time. Never in her wildest dreams would she have believed she'd be trapped in an abandoned manor with Draco Malfoy but she couldn't mistake those eyes, that bright blonde hair, and that smirk that slowly crept upon his face as he took three steps towards her."Well, well, well," he drawled as she backed away from him. "Seems like I caught myself a Granger.""What do you mean 'caught'?" she whispered, hand on her wand. He only laughed and shook his head at her actions."The Manor has locked us both inside with no way to escape. You're my prisoner," he explained at the still dumbfounded look on her face. "Merlin, you use to be smart. I'm afraid I have no choice but to lock you in the dungeons- I can't very well have Ministry employees snooping around my Manor after all.""Your Manor?" she whispered horrified. "You live here? This is your house?""That's right." With a wave of his wand Hermione's flew from her hand and landed in his, and with another flick chains wrapped themselves around her body so she couldn't move."What about Malfoy Manor? Why don't you live there anymore?"Draco grimaced as he thought about his childhood home and the taint that seemed to live in the walls from The Dark Lords brief reign inside. He thought of his mother, living alone, and her pestering attitude for him to find his true love before time ran out. He sneered, "never you mind, Granger. Off to the dungeons with you.""Malfoy, please," Hermione begged as she began to float in front of him, held up only by the chains and whatever spell he was using. "Please don't do this. I just want to leave, I just want to go home, I just want to-.""It doesn't matter what you want, Granger," Draco answered, leading her down a set of stairs and through a door towards the underground dungeons. It was dirty down there, the house elves didn't bother to clean the space as it never got used- never, until now. "The Manor has spoken and I'm afraid you can't leave until it's proven to be true.""What does that mean?" she cried as he closed the door to her cell and released the spell. She got to her feet and clung to the bars. "Tell me!"Draco had begun to walk away but he paused just before the door and looked back at her. "It means you're stuck here Granger. Because if I have it my way it won't be true, and you'll never be leaving this Manor ever again."Draco paced angrily in his room- back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, trying to process what had just happened. Granger- Hermione Granger- the Mudblood he loved to torture in school was here, at his Manor. She'd gotten past the wards, the Manor had locked her in, and it was looking more and more like she could be-With an angry snarl he blasted a vase into pieces, tiny shards of glass raining down to the ground as he walked over them. No, it was impossible, there was no way she could be the one- it wasn't right, it wasn't possible- Malfoy's didn't fall for mudbloods."You know," Gerald said from the portrait on the wall causing Draco to snarl and send a blasting spell at the wall. Gerald rolled his eyes and continued to speak, "you could give the girl a room rather than locking her in the dungeon. I mean, the Manor has already decided she's to stay and it won't open it's door unless you've declared your love to her.""That's not going to happen." Draco's voice was lethal. "I will find a way around this. I will not fall in love with the mudblood!""I thought that word was illegal now," droned Argon from the same portrait Gerald resided in. "Not that I don't condone you, Draco, for wanting to keep the Malfoy line pure but it would be best if you weren't arrested in the process.""She deserves a bed to sleep in." Gerald continued to persist. "You can't expect your future wife-." here he stopped talking for a moment as Draco glared at him. "-to sleep on the dirty stone floor of the dungeons do you?""I hate to agree with Gerald but he has a point," Argon sighed as Draco turned his narrow eyes on him. "The girl must be brought up to a proper bedroom. Perhaps in the East Wing? As far away from you as possible? If she is, indeed, the future Mrs Malfoy you don't want to get off to the wrong start.""We're talking about the girl I tormented throughout school," Draco snapped frustrated. "The girl who beat me in every class. The girl who helped defeat the Dark Lord and win the war! The golden girl for Merlin's sake!" Now he sighed, feeling defeated. "Even if she is destined to be my wife, she'd never fall for someone as vile as me."Gerald and Argon exchanged surprised looks at Draco's admonishment. Never had they expected to hear such words come out of his mouth but maybe- just maybe- they were getting through to him."Young Malfoy," Argon said taking advantage of Draco's silence. "Love can be a- mysterious thing. Don't count your Galleons just yet.""Meaning what, exactly?""Meaning the girl has only just got here," Gerald said. "Go down there- offer her a room- offer her some food! Show her that you aren't as vile as she remembers you to be. Perhaps she'll forgive the past and allow the future to shine through.""The two of you are going to be stuck together for a very long time," Argon added glancing towards the dragon encased in glass. "You may as well be nice to the girl."Without another word to the figures in the portrait Draco turned and stormed away.Hermione sat in the corner of her cell crying, arms wrapped around her legs, head bent down, and tears flowing freely onto her knees. She had never felt so alone- never felt so defeated- never felt so empty. How had this happened? How had she found herself in Draco Malfoy's Manor of all places? And why had the doors barricaded themselves? Was there a special spell that would open them? Did she need Malfoy blood? And how was she going to survive without her wand?Footsteps echoed down the stairs that led to the dungeons and she gasped, curling further into a ball and trying to make herself as small as possible. It had been nearly three years since she'd last seen Malfoy but she hadn't forgotten his role in the war, or the way he bullied her in school- however, at the same time, it was Draco who lied about who they were when they'd been dragged to Malfoy Manor during the war. It was Draco's mother who had saved Harry from his death- could the Malfoy's be as horrible as she was brought to believe? Maybe the war had affected them as much as it had the rest of the Wizarding World.The creaking of the door caused her head to snap up. Her eyes were swollen from the tears she cried but she could still make out Draco as he stood there, suddenly looking awkward. With a deep breath he said, "there's a bedroom in the East wing you can have. In fact- the entire Manor is you home now and is yours to explore. Except for the West Wing," he said fiercely sending a shiver down her spine. "The West Wind in strictly forbidden- but, if you're going to be stuck here, you may as well be comfortable."He turned to leave expecting her to follow, but when she didn't move he sighed and spun around to face her again. "Unless you prefer to sleep on the stone floor?"Hermione shook her head and shakily got to her feet, but she couldn't bring herself to step forwards- not yet. "What about my wand?" she finally asked, her voice sounding weak."You won't be needing it.""I can't survive without it" she implored. "Please Malfoy- I need my wand."He bit the inside of his cheek to restrain himself from responding as he dug her wand out of his pocket and tossed it at her. It landed on the ground with a clink and rolled to meet her. "Take it. It won't do you any good here anyways.""What do you mean?" she quickly asked, swiping the wand up and holding it close."The Manor is enchanted, Granger," Draco stated with a roll of his eyes. "It has so much magic built into it that only the master of the manor can wield it- that's me. Anyone else-" he shrugged as if daring her to see the consequences of using magic.With a sigh Hermione slipped her wand into her pocket. She didn't completely trust what Draco was saying, but didn't want to take any risks either. She began to follow him up the stairs and towards a staircase, much like the Grand Stairs at Hogwarts. This one branched off into two directions- East and West. Draco turned towards the East and led the way down the hall until he stopped in front of a door and opened it, allowing her to see inside.There was a grand four poster bed lined with grey bed sheets, the walls were covered in blue wall paper, and the curtains that covered the floor to ceiling windows were black. Hermione spotted a balcony through one set of doors overlooking the ground, now dark from the night which had fallen. She stepped further into the room while Draco stood at the door. There was a wardrobe full of dress robes, a bathroom filled with makeup and hair brushes, and even a floor length mirror which shouted out compliments.Draco watched her, face firm before turning and taking a few steps away, however her voice brought him to a halt. "I don't know what changed your mind- but thank you, Malfoy."He glanced back and saw her hovering in the doorway, wearily, as if waiting for a response; but he wouldn't give her one. He just spun on his heel, robes billowing around him, and strolled back through the hall, down the stairs, and continued his way to his room in the West Wing leaving her standing there wondering...Maybe living here wouldn't be so bad after all.

A/NSo many followers joining this story! Welcome all! Reviews are slowly starting to come in as well. A few have sent their concerns that Beauty and the Beast is a classic for a reason and should not be tampered with- and while I conquer, I also believe that adaptations can make us love those stories that much more. Since I am not copying the story think of this more as an adaptation of the classic fairy tale- not a photocopy where I simply change character names. I took a few quotes from the cartoon, changed the characters and their stories to suit my views of the Dramione tale I wanted to tell, and went from there- I am not trying to replace Belle with Hermione and Draco with the Beast and call it a day. In the end, I wanted to make it as much a Harry Potter story as it is the fairy tale. So please, keep an open mind and enjoy the next chapter!You will see a familiar name crop up from the fairytale in one of the characters this chapter- but they will not be a carbon copy. I just thought the name suited the character Although Hermione had had a brief flicker of hope that living in the manor with Draco would be manageable- by morning she had come to her senses; she didn't want to be here. First of all the wardrobe full of dress robes all looked like they'd been picked just for her- which made her a little weary; how could Draco Malfoy have known what she'd like? In the bathroom were potions upon potions for hair care- how had he known what potions she used? Not to mention the enchanted mirror which complimented her when she was feeling her lowest- how did it know? None of it was making sense and the more she thought about it the more she was convinced that this was a ploy to capture her- but why?Why would Draco Malfoy want her after all these years? Was he trying to regroup the Death Eaters? Was he trying to bait Harry into coming for her? Or did he want to use her for his own evil deeds? Whatever the reason she wasn't going to give in so easily.She'd been so busy thinking about the possibilities that she hadn't slept well that night, despite the fact her bed felt like a cloud, but she wouldn't give him the satisfaction- he had to have ulterior motives for wanting her here.A knock sounded at her door and she hesitated, afraid to open it knowing it could only be one person- him.She heard his voice clear from the other side of the door. "Granger? Uh-" a whisper, not his voice, and then, "you- you will join me in the dining hall for breakfast." Another rushed whisper, followed by Draco hissing in return before he added a reluctant. "Please?""Go away," she huffed crossing her arms."Granger, I-." More whispering could be heard and Hermione took a few quiet steps towards the door until her ear was pressed against it. The voices sounded vaguely familiar."You need to be more civil, Draco. Ask the girl- don't demand it.""Bloody hell," he grumbled before raising his voice and causing her to jump. "Will you join me for breakfast?"Hermione stared at the door with wide eyes for a moment before shaking her head as if to clear it. "I will not!" she called out defiantly. She knew who those voices were now- Argon and Gerald, the portraits. They must be Malfoy family ancestors, that would explain the eyes and the pointed face- how had she not seen it before?Draco was getting frustrated now, his voice less friendly. "Come for breakfast.""No." She stated stubbornly."Granger-""I said no, Malfoy," she repeated.Now Draco snarled, losing all patience. "You will come down for breakfast. That is an order, Granger." Without waiting for her to respond he marched away, his footsteps leaving heavy echoes throughout the hall as he went.Hermone squeezed her eyes shut ignoring the sting of tears that threatened to fall. She would not cry- not because of him, not because of Malfoy. She was stronger than that- she was Hermione Granger. Ignoring his demands she flopped onto the bed, laid on her back, and stared up at the ceiling even as her stomach growled.Draco heaved himself into his chair, glancing, briefly, at the extra place setting which looked strange at the table; Draco had been living in this house for three years now, ever since he'd been excused from Azkaban, and never once had there been more then one table setting. The house elves began to place food on the table, starting with cups of coffee and tea and finishing with eggs, bacon, and scones. Draco waited- and waited- and waited- but still, Granger never showed and now his food was growing cold."Where is she?" he snarled making the house elves jump and whimper, but his attention was on the portraits. "Surely you two know!"Gerald and Argon exchanged looks before the former spoke. "She isn't coming, young master.""What?" he growled reaching out and wiping the place setting off of the table; they fell to the ground with a crash. "What do you mean she isn't coming?""She's locked herself in the bedroom, quite ironic, isn't it?" Argon drawled, "considering the circumstances of being locked in the manor?""I want her down here and I want her down here now!" he roared causing another house elf to jump. "I don't care what it takes- she will join me for breakfast."With a sigh Gerald and Argon turned and walked out of their frames, followed by two house elves disappearing with a crack.Draco bent his head and placed it into his hands, letting out a big sigh as he wondered what he ever did to deserve such a fate."Miss?" a voice roused Hermione from her slumber; she hadn't even realized she'd fallen asleep. Sitting up on her bed she looked around the room until she spotted the source: a house elf. "Miss, Master is requesting you down in the dining hall, and-.""I won't be going." As much as it pained Hermione to be rude to a house elf she simply refused to give in to his demands. Maybe if he'd asked a little nicer- but no, even then, she was being kept as a prisoner. "Tell me-." she paused and waited for a name."Chip.""-chip. Are you being treated well here? I'm working on a case for the Ministry and I'm trying to put a stop to house elf abuse. My detection spell indicated a large portion of house elves resided here and-.""Begging your pardon miss," Chip said sadly as he sighed, "but I cans not answer your question.""But why, Chip?" Hermione prodded. "Has he forbidden you to tell me anything? Is he harming you? Is Malfoy treating you badly-."Chip quivered in his tea towel for a moment before popping out of her room without a response. With an irritated huff she flopped back down on her bed. If she found out Malfoy was mistreating those elves as his father had done to Dobby-"You really should have gone down to breakfast you know." Hermione jumped as a voice sounded from the wall across from her. Gerald and Argon both stood within a frame gazing at her intently. "The young master is not pleased at your disobedience.""Poor Malfoy," Hermione spat. "Must be difficult for him not to get his way for once."The two ancestors shared a look. "You speak very passionately about him," Gerald pointed out.Hermione's mouth flapped up and down, appalled. "That- that's completely out of context," she managed to say. "I am not passionate about him, I just-.""It matters not," Argon stated with a shrug. "The point of the matter is- he invited you to breakfast and you refused. If it's a matter of clothing, well-." The wardrobe creaked open and out floated one of the dress robes, laying gracefully on the bed next to her. It was lilac in colour and would be very flattering on her- if she intended to ever wear it.Hermione turned her nose up at it. "I'm not wearing that.""What about the blue one? Or the red? Or the black?" Again and again the dress robes floated from the wardrobe to land on the bed next to her and each time Hermione ignored them, determined not to give in to their antics. She had to admit though that despite the fact she found their persistence to be irritating- it was nice of them to check in on her and try and persuade her; she needed the company."I will not be going down to breakfast." She finally stated standing up from the bed and heading towards the loo. "You can tell your master that." And she slammed the door."She's not coming."Gerald and Argon had been gone for nearly twenty minutes and Draco couldn't help the flicker of hope that passed through him, but those words coming from their frames as they returned crushed any hope he may have had."I will have to get her myself than." He shoved his chair away from the table and stood, stomping his way through the Manor, up the East Wing stairs, and down the hall until he stood in front of her closed door. He tried the handle but it was locked, and the Manor wasn't currently biding him entrance to her room. Angrily he lifted his palm and slammed it on the door three times. "Granger open the door and come down to breakfast this instant.""I will not!" Her voice sounded muffled as if it was coming from behind multiple doors.Draco growled, lifted his foot, and proceeded to kick the door. "I said come to breakfast!""I'm not hungry," she snapped.Knowing that was a lie Draco shouted, his voice louder than it had been thus. "If you don't come down to breakfast I'll, I'll...""You'll what?" Now Hermione's voice was a little clearer, as if whatever barrier had been between them was now gone."I'll blast down this door and drag you down there myself." Argon and Gerald muttered and shook their heads as Draco raged."You must be more civil, sir," Gerald insisted. "You will only frighten the girl."Draco bared his teeth trying to think of a way to be more forthcoming, but if she was refusing to come out, and the Manor was refusing to give him entrance, then there was no nice way this could be done. "Fine! Don't come down! Stay in your room and starve for all I care!" He turned and began to walk away shouting over his shoulder, "If you won't eat with me you won't eat at all, and that's final!"Inside her room Hermione let out a breath she hadn't realized she was holding as she heard Draco retreat. Why was he so insistent on having her join him for breakfast? What did it matter if she stayed in her room all day? Surely he would prefer no company then that of a mudblood, she winced as she thought the word. But that's all she was to him, wasn't it? Just some filthy mudblood?No, she told herself determinedly, you are better than that- more than that! You are Hermione Granger, for Merlin's sake! Not even Draco Malfoy could take that away from you. With a new flair of determination she picked her wand up from the bedside table where it sat and she twirled it in her fingers for a moment- thinking. Draco had said her magic wouldn't work here, but the Manor had bade her entrance, the Manor had locked her in- but why? There had to be a reason, it was almost as if the Manor believed she belonged here. Maybe her magic wouldn't be so useless after all?Staring at the desk in front of her she pointed at it, focusing all of her attention on a cup of tea which she was sure could be found in the kitchen. Her wand warmed and she felt a tingle run through her body, spreading up to the hand in which she held her wand in- but try and she might nothing would appear, not even a single drop of tea. Frustrated she tossed the wand aside.Now her stomach was really growling- maybe Chip, the house elf, would bring her something to eat? But would he respond to her call? "Chip?" she asked speaking quietly into the empty room. "Chip, are you there?"A second later a crack was heard and Chip appeared looking at Hermione wearily. "What can I do for you, miss?""I was wondering if I could get a cup of tea- and maybe some toast?"Chip looked as if he wanted to help her, truly he did, but he shook his head regretfully. "Master has forbidden it, Miss. I am sorry." He disappeared with another crack, leaving Hermione to sigh in disappointment. She returned to her bed and curled herself into a ball, letting a few more tears fall down her face.Draco stood staring into the small mirror in his hand which reflected Hermione on her bed crying and was surprised to feel a pang of guilt. After storming away from her room he'd immediately came to his own, picked up the mirror, and requested to see her- he had to know if she was okay, had to know why she was refusing to eat; if she indeed was the future Mrs Malfoy she couldn't be malnourished.He'd held his breath when she'd picked up her wand, curious, himself, to see if her magic would work in the Manor- he hadn't been lying when he'd said only the master of the manor could wield it's power, but he wasn't entirely convinced it wouldn't recognize Hermione considering it had let her in in the first place- but nothing had happened.Seeing her now, distressed and crying, caused his heart to wrench. He'd never been fond of the girl but surely she deserved better than this? Better than being stuck in the manor with him- Draco Malfoy, Death Eater. He sighed, lowering his head as the mirror cleared itself. Even if she was destined to be his wife, how could she ever fall for someone she knew had once belonged to the dark side and fought against her in the war? The simple answer was- she couldn't, and she probably never would, which means he'd lose his powers forever.

A/NI can't guarantee I will keep updating so quickly and frequently but as of right now I have the time. So I hope you enjoy what's to come!It was only after darkness had fallen throughout the manor and everything seemed quiet that Hermione felt comfortable enough to leave her room and explore the mansion. Her stomach was beyond hungry now- she was famished, but the house elves had denied her request for food time and time again and it seemed her only option of getting something to eat was if she went and got it herself. She recalled how the hall had been fairly straight forwards, and she knew she had to go down the grand staircase to enter the main part of the house- but which way would lead her to the kitchens?"Go left, madam." Hermione jumped and spun, her wand alight- it seemed as if she could use only certain aspects of magic if she tried- to see Gerald in his portrait with an easy smile on his face. "You are looking for the kitchens, aren't you?""I am," Hermione confessed, her words slow and careful. "I don't suppose you could lead me there-?""We aren't suppose to help you." Argon had appeared in his frame as well and was looking at Gerald disapprovingly. "The Master has made it very clear that-.""Oh hush, Argon, the girl must be starving! We can't allow her to go hungry now can we?""Gerald-." Argon hissed but he ignored him, gesturing Hermione down the hall with a smile and a bow."After you, mistress."Hermione raised a hand to her mouth to cover her smile but thanked him, walking down the hall he indicated. From the corner of her eye she watched as Gerald began walking through the portraits on the wall, following her as she walked. Argon, she also noticed, followed reluctantly, a disapproving look gracing his face."The kitchen should be on your right," Gerald called stopping in his frame. "We'll meet you in there!"Hermione paused at a set of double doors unsure whether or not she should just walk in or if she should knock; she could hear the commotion behind the doors, though. Knocking softly she pushed the doors open and her eyes widened as she spotted at least two dozen house elves flitting around a large kitchen doing various tasks- washing dishes, preparing tomorrow's meals, and some simply sitting around a table sharing a bottle of butter beer.Chip was among the group of elves cleaning dishes and as soon as he spotted Hermione his eyes went wide. "Miss, master has demanded we not feed you lest you join him for meals."Hermione opened her mouth to reply but it was Gerald's voice that answered instead. "Young master Draco simply demanded you not to feed her, but he never said anything about the girl making the food herself, did he?""No sir," Chip squeaked, "he did not say that at all."Hermione glanced at Gerald who was smirking at her- the trademark Malfoy smirk. She raised a finger to her chin, considering. "I am more than capable of handling my own food," she slowly stated turning back to Chip, "if you'll let me.""We's-.""Oh give the girl a break," Gerald called joyfully. He had a large smile on his face. "She's been locked in her room for the last twenty four hours.""Are you sure about this?" Argon drawled from his own portrait, eyes watching the scene unfold. "Master Draco has said-.""Oh hush," Gerald interrupted cutting him off. "Fixings are in the cupboard there, dear," he added glancing back at Hermione and pointing at a cupboard next to the stove. "Mind you let the elves clean up, though? It's one thing for them to allow you to prepare your own food, quite another if you clean up as well."Hermione hesitated for just a moment but Gerald gave her an encouraging smile. Shrugging her shoulders back she marched over to the cupboard and began pulling out ingredients to make a pasta dish- it was quick and simple, and she was so hungry she didn't care what she ate. Ten minutes later she found herself seated at the table the houseleves had been occupying before, a bottle of butterbeer for herself sitting next to her bowl of noodles as she twirled her fork gathering a large bite, groaning as it touched her tongue.Chip had quickly shooed her out o the kitchen as soon as her food was done so he could take over cleaning, just as Gerald had predicted. Hermione had to admit, as annoying as the portraits were, they were knowledgeable, and she was quite fortunate for their help in securing her some dinner tonight. She couldn't help but wonder why they were helping her though- surely they disapproved of her being here, she was a muggle born after all."She'd make a wonderful Malfoy," Gerald muttered quietly to Argon as he watched the young woman eat. "She's determined, stubborn, strong-willed...""She's also unpure," Argon hissed. "The Malfoy line has yet to be tainted with one such as she."Gerald sighed and shook his head, "I remember my parents arranging my marriage for me when I was a mere child, Argon. These things used to be written and bonded, making the contract official and unbreakable- it was easy for us to fulfill the terms, back in the day. But times have changed, especially since the war with the Dark Lord."Argon was silent as he considered Gerald's words. Finally he said, "are you sure this has nothing to do with the fact that you, yourself, had fallen for a muggleborn such as she? You were forced to break the young womans' heart, if the stories are true. You parents were going to disinherit you and blast you from the family tree if you did not fulfill the contract they had set out for you.""That was many years ago," Gerald sighed sadly watching as Hermione pushed her now empty plate away. "I made a mistake- I should have followed my heart instead of my parents rules. Alas, if I could go back and change it-." He let out a long breath and shook his head. "But what's past is past and young Draco should not make the same mistake as I."Argon was going to respond but Hermione was coming towards them so he snapped his mouth shut, not wanting her to hear their conversation. She stopped in front of them, glanced from one to the other, and then said, "I can't thank you enough for doing this. I know Malfoy won't be pleased when he finds out so I appreciate the risk you're taking in helping me.""It was no trouble at all, my dear," Gerald cried happily. "But this is just the beginning of what I have to show you. Follow me and you'll see what other wonders there are to see here."Hermione hesitated, her mouth dropping into a frown. "I'm not sure that's a good idea-." She knew Draco was going to be angry with the portraits already for feeding her and she didn't want to risk them getting into any more trouble. "I should just go back to bed-.""Nonsense. Come come, this way." Gerald began to walk through empty frame to empty frame, a reluctant Argon following. Hermione watched as they reached the door and popped out, calling her name from the hallway. With a sigh she walked through the door and let them lead her blindly through the manor."This is a ballroom," Gerald gestured to the grand doors before her and Hermione pushed them open, shivering as they creaked ominously. Every room she'd seen thus had been dark, dreary, and dreadful- the entire Manor seemed like it hadn't been inhabited for decades. Hermione couldn't help but wonder if the West Wing, where she presumed Draco lived, was just as depressing as the East Wing had been so far.As she took a step into the ballroom it suddenly blazed, dozens of candles flaring into existence and lighting up the room. She gasped as she saw the wooden floor stretched out before her- it was nearly as big as the Great Hall at Hogwarts was! There was a balcony lining the top with a set of stairs leading up to it, much like the grand staircase that led to the East and West Wings. Hermione's footsteps echoed as she took a few more steps inside."This room is beautiful." Her voice bounced around as the word beautiful repeated over and over again. Gerald and Argon appeared in a frame right by the door; Argon still looked disapproving but Gerald looked ecstatic."Many celebrations have been thrown in this room over the centuries. Young Draco is just the last in a long line of Malfoy's to have resided here. Malfoy Manor has always been our home, but that doesn't mean every family has lived there indefinitely.""Did you ever live here?" Hermione asked curiously glancing back at the pair. "Either of you?"Argon now looked sad as Gerald nodded. "Yes, it is why our portraits reside here instead of the main manor. You would have seen the line of portraits when you first entered the doors, yes?" When Hermione nodded Gerald continued, "many of the residence of those pictures can travel to and from their portraits that hang in the many estates owned by the Malfoy family, but a select few of us- namely Argon and myself- are limited to just roaming this manor freely.""That must get so lonely," Hermione whispered taking a few steps back towards them. "Having no one else to talk to.""Yes, well," Gerald cleared his throat uncomfortably, "we've grown accustomed to it after so many years.""That is quite enough, Gerald," Argon snapped looking suddenly angry at the turn the conversation took. Hermione's eyes widened as Gerald turned to stare at the man."I'm simply sharing a story with her-.""It's not a story you should be sharing." he spat."You're so sensitize," Gerald rolled his eyes."Sensitive?" Argon retorted. "I am not sensitive-."As the two began to argue Hermione quietly backed towards the door and slipped out unnoticed; it had been wonderful of them to show her around the manor but she was growing tired and should really be finding her way back to her room. However, as walked down the hall and came across the grand stairs she found herself turning left instead of right and walking down The West Wing, curiosity getting the better of her- was Draco's wing as damaged as the rest of the manor?As she walked she grew surprised to find burn holes in the walls, pictures torn, and furniture smashed. Wearily she continued until she reached a door at the end which was left open just a crack. She hesitated, swallowed hard, then pushed the door fully open and stepped inside. A fire was blazing in the fireplace, and another single high backed chair sat before it nearly identical to the scene one floor below. Her eyes roamed around the room searching for the head of blonde- but he was nowhere in sight. Daringly she took a few more steps inside to find more demolished furniture, glass scattering the ground in some areas, and a few empty liquor bottles laying about.A glimmer caught her eye next to the fire and her eyes widened as she spotted a statue of a dragon encased in a glass barrier. Her breathing was picking up as she slowly moved forwards as if hypnotized by it; she couldn't take her eyes off of it. The eyes of the dragon were green gems and they sparkled, nearly blinding her from the fires light.Just as Hermione reached a hand out to touch the glass case she felt warm breath on her neck and a wand pointed between her shoulders yet again. She gasped as she whirled, the tip now directed at her heart as Draco's icy grey eyes stared angrily into hers, his blonde hair dishevelled. "What the fuck are you doing in here Granger?" His voice was low and dangerous and sent a shiver down her spine. "I thought I made myself clear- NEVER come into THE WEST WING!" She jumped as he roared.Her words came out as a stutter as she silently begged him to move his wand. "I- I g-got l-lost on m-my way b-back to my r-room and-.""Don't lie to me," he hissed pressing his wand in a little further. With a roar he suddenly moved it away and blasted the chair that sat before the fire into pieces, shielding himself but failing to shield Hermione who had to duck as the arm came flying at her; the corner grazed her cheek and it began to bleed. "Get out of my room- get out of my house!" He yelled; Hermione didn't need to be told twice.Forgetting she had her wand in her pocket, forgetting the Manor had previously barred her, and forgetting she was a more powerful witch then Draco Malfoy Hermione turned and tore from the room, down the stairs, and out the doors into the impending darkness.

A/NI was surprised not to get any reviews about the cliffhanger last chapter! But oh well- honestly I'm just enjoying this story so if people aren't reading it, thats okay, and if they are- I mean, you don't have to review but it would be nice to hear from those that are reading it... anyways here's the next chapter. Enjoy!Hermione ran through the grounds of the manor wanting nothing more than to get as far away from the house as possible- yet the faster she ran down the lane, the further away the gates seemed to get and after ten minutes of running she was no closer to leaving than she was when she left the house. It was as she stopped to catch her breath that she truly realized, as if for the first time, that the manor had bid her an exit and she was outside and no longer trapped within the walls- yet she wasn't able to actually leave the grounds, it seemed.Taking her wand out of her pockets she muttered, "lumos"- the tip ignited, but it didn't blaze as strongly as she would have liked. She pushed more of her will into the spell but it seemed that the magic that ran through the manor also ran through it's grounds- she wasn't going to get more than that. With a sigh she began to walk slowly off the lane and down a side walkway that lead around the back of the manor. She stopped, glanced at the woods, and turned to start heading that way- maybe she'd be able to storm through the wards as she had done when she first entered, maybe she would find an alternate exit- there had to be some other way out of here.As she reached the trees her wand flickered and went out leaving her in total black. With an annoyed sigh she tried the spell again but her wand would not light. Her heart was starting to beat rather hard as she glanced around the dark space and she considered- for just a moment- turning back and returning to the manor; but Hermione Granger was no coward, she was a Gryffindor for Godric's sake, and the dark of the forest didn't scare her- she'd been in the Forbidden Forest many times, after all, and many of their worlds most ferocious beasts resided there.Holding her head up high she took a few steps beyond the trees straining her eyes to see what was in front of her- but the further in she moved, the heavier the darkness became, and quickly she couldn't make out her hand in front of her face. Her breathing became rapid as she heard what sounded like a tree limb crack behind her and she swung, her brown curls flying and getting tangled in a branch above her. She cried out as her hair pulled; reaching up she tried to detangle the mess as she held her breath and waited for another sound- but there was none, it was completely silent.Something about the silence unsettled her, though; it wasn't a normal kind of silence, it was almost as if the black of the night was weighing down and closing in on her- trapping her. Her breath was now coming out in small, sharp breaths and she turned to run out of there and back to the Manor- when a growl stopped her and she froze in her tracks. She knew what that sound was- but she'd never met one that wasn't tamed.Slowly Hermione turned and was staring into the face of a skeletal thestral, it's skull like face an inch from hers, the leathery skin that surrounded it's mouth pulled back and the white's of it's teeth gleaming brightly in the darkness. It was growling low in it's throat and Hermione found herself taking an unconscious step backwards away from it. Where had it come from? Why was it here?Then she remembered how Draco had destroyed the chair in his room and a piece had hit her, slicing her cheek open- the thestral could smell her blood, and by the looks of it it hadn't eaten in a very long time; it was hungry.Okay relax Hermione thought to herself as her brain quickly went through various scenarios of what she could do- did she run? Fight it? Let it lick the blood off her face and hope that was enough to satisfy it? The more Hermione stood there, though, the more the creature inhaled her scent and after a minute of Hermione's pondering the thestral's mouth had begun to water.There was nothing else she could do, she decided- she'd have to run for it, even if she had no idea which way was out anymore. With a quick breath she spun and took off, placing one foot in front of her, ducking under low hanging branches, and pushing bushy limbs out of her way. The thestral kept it's pace, breaking through these barriers far easier than she had- she could hear it's footsteps directly behind her and knew if she didn't find an exit soon, she'd be a goner.Her heart leapt as she thought she saw a thinning in the branches, but before she could reach it her foot tripped on a protruding root in the ground and she fell with am 'omph' as the air escaped her. She had just enough energy in her to roll onto her back and stare up into the face of the thestral as it bared it's teeth and ducked it's head down, tongue swiping out and ready to lick the blood off of her face.She closed her eyes and braced for the attack- but nothing happened. Instead she saw something bright flash before her eyes and when she opened them it was to see the beast stepping backwards, then lifting it's front legs as it stood tall on it's hind ones, pawing the air angrily. Another flash of bright light had the creature retreating back into the trees leaving Hermione unharmed.Lifting herself up on her elbows she turned her body to see who had come to her rescue, mouth falling open as she gazed into Draco Malfoys bright grey eyes. He extended a hand to her, a silent offering, and she accepted, allowing him to pull her to her feet."You best be careful out here Granger," Draco smirked as she stood before him. "You never know what sort of creatures are creeping in the shadows.""What are you doing out here?" she asked ignoring his sarcastic tone."I followed you." He said simply with a shrug. "I was simply curious to see if the Manor would actually allow you to leave- it seems it has not. It has executed whatever measures it must to keep you here.""You mean the power of the Manor sent that thestral on me?" She asked with wide eyes. "But- but why?"Draco shrugged and began to lead Hermione back towards the Manor. They walked through some tall grass and as Malfoy talked Hermione listened- to more than just his words; she hadn't fought in a war to forget to stay vigilant. "Any number of reasons, Granger. I don't assume to know-.""Malfoy stop." Hermione stated in a firm voice- she had just heard something in the grass, a distinct hissing sound. She knew that the manor grounds resided in Western Europe, and while most snakes were harmless, there was a distinct breed that was particularly poisonous.Draco ignored her and kept walking even as she stood frozen to her spot. He stepped on something- presumably a stick or a clump of grass, and had to stop to regain his balance. "Nothing at this Manor is going to harm me, Granger. You're forgetting, I am the Ma-ah!" A sudden yell had Hermione rushing forwards just as Draco fell to the ground and hissed in pain. Her eyes swept the ground looking, listening- until she finally withdrew her wand and lit it, the tip blazing brighter than it had before and that's when she saw it- a reddish brown snake, about two feet in length, with a V-shaped marking on it's head, it's eyes partially covered by scales. There were dark brown zig zags marking it's back and as it rose Hermione couldn't help but stare at the hinged fangs sticking out of it's mouth which she knew contained venom; it was an adder snake.Hermione's face was pale as she quickly stunned the snake and turned her wand back to Draco who was clutching his ankle. "What the fuck was that?""A European Adder." Hermione breathed in sharply as she saw the pricks where the teeth had inserted themselves. "Highly venomous when on the defense; you must have stepped on it. We need to get you inside quickly Malfoy!""I can walk," he insisted but as he tried to stand he hissed out, his ankle collapsing under him.Hermione sighed and used her wand to levitate his body back to the Manor; the entire time she was doing this Malfoy could be heard protesting but she didn't care- because she had her magic back, for now anyways."I can do this myself Granger," Draco complained as she sat him in the chair before the fire. They had just entered the Manor and it was the first place Hermione could find that she could set the blonde down. Once he was seated she conjured up a stool to rest his leg on and summoned bandages and potions to help heal the ankle- she didn't want the poison to spread, after all. Malfoy may be a git but he didn't deserve to die, especially not from something as muggle as a snake bite."It doesn't appear like your powers are working at the moment," Hermione retorted drawing herself another chair next to the stool so she could get a closer look at it. "Besides, have you ever been bitten by an adder before? It's not like healing your average poisonous bite.""What the bloody hell was a snake doing in the ground of my manor?" Draco grumbled leaning back in his chair. He reached over to the small table where a bottle of firewhiskey sat with two empty glasses and poured a fair amount into each one.Hermione ignored the glass as she worked on his ankle. "You said it yourself- the Manor's powers act on it's own accord. Surely there was a reason for this- was it trying to injure you, or-?""More like trying to bring the two of you together." Hermione paused in his ministrations as Gerald's voice floated from the frame next to the fire place. She quirked an eyebrow silently asking him to expand on his statement. "The Manor fears your dispute earlier would drive a wedge between the two of you- this was it's way of mending that wedge.""But why would it-?""You are trapped here," Gerald answered easily with a shrug. "Far better to be trapped with someone who doesn't make your blood boil, yes?""I still don't-?"Draco sighed and emptied his glass before grabbing the bottle to pour himself another drink. "I thought you were smart Granger," he grinned. "The Manor isn't going to let you leave- so it's making your stay more comfortable. You're saving my life," he added when she still looked confused. "That permits a life debt. Ancient magic, but as long as that debt remains between us there will always be this special connection binding us. As my great great great great Uncle Gerald said- it's far better to be trapped with each other if we aren't trying to tear the others head off."Hermione nodded finally starting to understand what they were saying. She grabbed a dark blue potion and tipped it's contents onto the bite, picked up a pink one and smoothed it on like a balm, and then waved her wand to wrap the bandages around it. "It should feel better in a few hours, best to stay off of it until then." She waved her wand once more and transfigured the chair he was sitting on into a bed, without even moving him. "You should get some sleep. I'll see you in the morning."She reached for the glass of firewhiskey and tipped the entire contents back before placing it back on the table and leaving without another word.Malfoy watched her go, and as she reached the bottom of the stairs he called her name causing her to pause and glance back at him. "Does this mean you'll be joining me for breakfast in the morning?"Hermione considered him for a moment, then turned back to the stairs, trying to fight the smile from gracing her face- but he had seen. "Have a good night, Draco.""See you in the morning." he smirked. He hadn't failed to hear her utter his name, hadn't failed to see the smile on her face, and hadn't failed to see her shoulders shake as she tried to repress her laughter. He let out a sigh and leaned back on his bed; as he closed his eyes a surprising thought entered his head maybe she could fall for someone like me after all.

A/NThank you to all of the new reviewers, followers, and alerts I received over the last few days! It makes me so pleased to see so many new readers interested in this story! Here is the newest chapter, I hope you enjoy it. Any questions feel free to ask! I don't tend to respond to reviews unless they're significant because my PM inbox gets flooded then- I liked it when you would simply reply to the review instead of making it a PM (anybody else remember when review reply's were like that? It was a long time ago so maybe not). Anyways, thanks for reading please R&R!Hermione stared into the wardrobe the next morning and found herself debating what to wear to breakfast- the lilac dress robes or the sky blue ones? After debating between the two sets she chose the lilac, gazing into the mirror as the fabric draped over her body delicately. She'd never worn dress robes made of silk before, and she had to admit she enjoyed the way it felt against her skin."Chip," she called into the air, eyes still on the mirror. The house elf appear with a low bow. "Could you twine my hair into an elegant braid? I've never been one to master such charms before.""Of course Mistress," Chip squeaked as he snapped his fingers and Hermione's hair began to cross over each other until a braid hung down her back. She smiled her thanks and turned for the door. "Master Draco is pleased you is joining him for breakfast, Mistress."Hermione hesitated and glanced back at the young elf, a soft smile on her face. "I'm- I'm looking forwards to it," she admitted.As she walked down the hallway and towards the Grand Stairs, Hermione found herself contemplating her confession to Chip- she was looking forwards to a meal with Draco Malfoy, the young man who tormented her at school, the boy who almost killed Dumbledore when he was sixteen (albeit against his will), the boy who turned Death Eater and fought on the wrong side of the war. But he was more than that, Hermione knew. It had been three years since the war had ended, and as far as she knew (and she knew quite a bit, working in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement) Draco Malfoy had never been arrested or convicted of further crimes since he'd been let off after the war.Hermione had only been here for two days (had it only been that long? It felt so much longer) but already she'd seen evidence that he'd changed. Sure, he still had a temper- he was Malfoy after all- but he'd followed her last night and rescued her from a deranged and starving thestral, and in turn she saved his life from an adder bite. There was, of course, the matter of the damaged furniture and wand blasts that covered his wing of the manor but Hermione felt certain he had a good explanation for all of that; after all who wouldn't go a little mad living alone in quite a grand house?"You look wonderful, Madame." Hermione jumped as Gerald's voice interrupted her thoughts. He was leaning against the side of his frame with a soft smile on his face. "I see you've finally come to your senses and are joining the young master for breakfast?"Hermione nodded, hesitating a moment before saying, "I want to make sure he's okay after last night.""Oh the young master is perfectly fine," Gerald waved his hand. "In fact, he's sitting in his chair waiting for you. Do come inside, won't you?"Before Hermione could respond the door of the dining hall swung open, inviting her in.Draco awoke that morning feeling refreshed, the bite on his ankle healed, and his heart felt- lighter somehow. For a moment he forgot about the events that had led up to his bite, and the series of events that happened afterwards, but as he sat on his transfigured bed in the front sitting room, a warm fire blazing despite the impending warm weather, slowly images came to his mind and he recalled how Hermione had mended him.At first he felt angry- he could have done that himself, he didn't need some witch doing it for him!- but the more he thought about it, the more he felt serene; Hermione hadn't done it because she had to, she'd done it because she wanted to- wanted to help him, heal him, the way a good wife would.If you had asked him five years ago whether or not Hermione Grange would be in the running to be his left hand woman he would have told you you were barking mad- him marry a muggle born? It was almost laughable. But now, knowing how she'd handled herself in the war and seeing the vast powers she wielded when the manor allowed her to, he was starting to realize that blood necessarily didn't determine power, and Hermione Granger was far more powerful than half of the pureblood wizards he knew- dare he even say, more powerful even than himself (not that he'd admit it out loud- ever).He would be proud to have her as his wife.Of course, he never would have even considered it an option had it not been for the Manor's powers. Something about the witch spoke to the place; it allowed her to penetrate it's wards, enter the building, and sealed her in. The only way she'd be able to leave was if Draco confessed his love for her. When she had first stepped foot inside, he thought it impossible for him to fall for such a witch- but now, after she saved his life last night, he was starting to wonder if maybe, just maybe, there was a chance it could happen."My mother would never approve," he muttered to himself as he paced back and forth in the dining hall, waiting for the young witch to join him. "Not to mention my father-.""Your mother would be pleased the terms have finally been fulfilled," Gerald stated firmly. "She's been pushing women on you for months now. Bertha came to visit her portrait just yesterday and she was saying your mother is quite hysterical over the fact you only have eleven more weeks until your birthday and if you fail to find your soul mate by then-.""I know," Draco growled raising his hands to his hair. "But Granger? My mother would feint if I told her her grandchildren were to be half bloods! Not to mention my father might just go mad in Azkaban.""Your father deserves whatever fate is put upon him," Gerald said, his voice now cold. "The acts he committed- if those were done in my day he would have had his head chopped off and his body burned at the stake!""Lucius was only trying to survive, Gerald, we all know that," Argon countered looking angry. "We all would have done the same thing for our families had we been in that sort of situation. You can't judge the man for that!""He nearly got his own son killed," Gerald retorted. "That was not putting his family first.""Enough," Draco sighed pausing in his pacing to stare at the figures in their frames. "It matters not if you disapprove of my fathers actions- what's done is done. If Granger truly is meant to be the one I wed, then my father will have to accept that; he knows the consequences after all.""Your mother will be just as accepting."Draco didn't answer, just sank into his chair and poured some tea into a cup. He took a sip then said, "I feel like I should do something for Granger- something special, perhaps- to thank her for saving my life last night."He pondered this thought, bringing his tea cup back to his mouth. But it was Gerald who answered. "Perhaps you show her a room in the manor- not just any room, but one that you know she'll love, to help make her stay here a little more comfortable. It may take her some time to grow accustomed to staying here but having a place to retreat when things get tough may help."Draco nodded, taking another sip. "I know just the place.""She's coming," Gerald said and left his frame. Draco set his cup down and sat up a little straighter, turning to face the doors. A moment later they swung wide open and Hermione walked in looking dazzling in a pair of form fitting lilac dress robes and her hair plaited down her back. Her soft brown eyes were shining as she smiled at him and he quickly jumped up out of his seat to greet her."You look-," he paused and swallowed, unsure how to finish that sentence without sounding like a prat."The word nice comes to mind," she joked as she went to pull out her chair."Allow me." He quickly grabbed the chair and pulled it out, waiting for her to sit before helping push it in and taking his own seat. "And you do look nice," he quickly added, "I just thought a more elegant word would have sufficed.""Like dashing?" she asked with a quirk of her eyebrows. "Because I could say you look quite dashing yourself, Malfoy. I've never seen you dress in navy blue before.""This happens to be my favourite set of dress robes," he answered indignantly."I suppose I'm use to seeing you in black, green, and silver," she shrugged laying her napkin delicately on her lap.Draco was going to retort about her always being dressed in scarlet and gold, but Chip and a few other house elves appeared just then and began laying out dishes of food on the table before them and his words were quickly erased from his mouth, only to be filled with scrambled eggs and toast.They ate in silence for the first few moments, neither knowing what to say or how to carry out a civil conversation- any time the two of them had ever been together there always seemed to be hexes and threats and name calling exchanged; this was brand new territory for them. Finally Hermione wiped her mouth on her napkin, cleared her throat, and asked, "how is your ankle today? I can rub some more balm on it if need be."Draco paused, his fork half way to his mouth, and slowly lowered it as he shook his head, "that won't be necessary. My ankle feels great, in fact I've already removed the bandages.""Oh, that's wonderful." Hermione took a sip from her tea. "I'm glad it healed, it was rather foolish that it had happened in the first place."Draco, too, wiped his mouth and asked, "which part was foolish? You running away or me having to save you from the thestral."Hermione huffed and crossed her arms, "you seem to be forgetting the foolish part about you getting bit by an adder. Besides, the only reason I ran away is because you couldn't control your temper Malfoy.""I couldn't control my temper because you trespassed into my private quarters.""I was simply wandering the castle and got lost," Hermione countered, keeping to her excuse from the night before.Draco laughed humorlessly as he rolled his eyes, but his next words were flippant. "Wandering the castle, huh? So you think you've seen all there is to see?""Well I saw a fair bit. The Ball room is quite exquisite.""Yes, but that wasn't your favourite room, was it?" He probed, trying to see if she'd been in his favourite room."What do you mean?" Hermione asked curiously setting down her fork."If the Ball Room wasn't your favourite, what was?" He asked pushing aside his plate and empty tea cup. Chip immediately cleared it away."Oh, I don't know," Hermione stuttered thinking. "I suppose it was-.""Come with me." he said abruptly, shoving back his chair and standing before she could finish her thought."What?"Draco held his hand out to her. "I want to show you my favourite room in the house.""Oh-." Hermione paused, bit her lip, and then nodded accepting his offered hand- she couldn't help but notice how warm it felt within her own. "All right."As soon as they reached the hall Draco let go of her hand, leaving it cold, but kept his steps in line with her as they walked towards the entrance hall; however instead of going up the stairs he led her into the sitting room and towards a small bookshelf in the corner. He reached for the pure white book that sat in the middle of the shelf and pulled on it; the shelf slid open and Draco stepped back, silently asking Hermione to step in first.She paused, gnawing on her lip, and walked in, her mouth immediately falling open as a gasp escaped her. Beyond the small book shelf resided a library- larger and grander than the one that had been at Hogwarts- with floor to ceiling shelves, all filled with books. Stretching out across every wall, three stories high, and more placed randomly around the room. Her eyes were wide as she slowly walked further into the room, spinning in a slow circle, trying to take in ever single little detail there was to offer.Draco walked in behind her, a small smile on his face as he waited for her to face him. Finally she turned towards him, speechless, tears glistening in her eyes. "This used to be my favourite room in the manor- and now it belongs to you. Use it however you wish and for however long you wish to.""What?" Her words were barely above a whisper. "Oh, no, Draco I can't accept this- it's too much.""You saved my life last night," he pointed out."It was only a snake bite.""It doesn't matter- you still saved my life and to me that means something. This is my way of saying thank you, Hermione." His words sounded so genuine that Hermione had to blink back further tears to keep them from falling.She sniffled and nodded, trying to compose herself. "It was really nothing- Draco." The intensity of his gaze caught her off guard and made her swallow hard against the dryness in her mouth. She nodded. "You're welcome Draco, and thank you for allowing me access to this beautiful space.""May it make your stay here that much more bearable." He stated seriously, but he wasn't sure she had heard him for her eyes were already roaming the shelves and eager to delve into one of the millions of books that were now accessible to her.

A/NThis chapter is a little shorter than the others- also I apologize in advance for it as it may make a few of you disappointed- but never fear! The story will go on! But it wouldn't be a proper Dramione story without drama, right? Over the next few weeks Hermione fell into a comfortable routine: she'd wake up, join Draco for breakfast, retreat to the library for hours where Chip would deliver her a light lunch for her to snack on while she read, and then just before dinner Hermione would return to her room and ready herself for the meal. She had never been one to dress up for the end of the day meal, however she quickly learned that Draco always wore a pair of grand dress robes to the dinner table and Hermione obliged to do the same.During the day Hermione hardly ever saw Draco, he always left her to her own. At times she'd find herself wondering what he was doing, how he was spending his time- and, she was surprised to discover, she wondered if he'd ever join her in the grand space.After dinner Hermione and Draco would spend their time by the fire talking softly; Hermione would tell him about her job at the ministry while Draco discussed his family and their past, being sure to leave out the dark and dangerous things focusing instead on the dynamic of his family. Hermione learned that Gerald had been a potions master and Argon had been a wand maker. At times the pair would take walks through the grounds together, Draco pointing out details like the rose garden, the wall of vines, and even the lake in the far corner of the grounds. Hermione was surprised to see there wasn't a private quidditch pitch located anywhere but Draco explained that although he loved the sport, he was far too busy to focus on such games- he never elaborated on what he was busy with and Hermione, although curious, didn't ask.That didn't mean he never enjoyed a moonlit ride every now and then though. This particular evening, mid-May and seven weeks after Hermione arrived at the Manor, Draco stood in the grounds, a broom in his hands, trying to convince Hermione to get on with him. She was stubbornly refusing."Are you scared Granger?" he asked with a smirk, knowing the use of her last name would boil her blood."Scared?" she shrieked, eyes going wide. "I am not scared Malfoy! I have been on a broom before, after all. You know- you saw!" She added, implying the night of the Battle when Hermione, Ron, and Harry saved Draco and Goyle from the Room of requirement. A dark look came over Draco's eyes and Hermione instantly felt guilty, her hand reaching for his arm comfortingly. "I'm sorry I shouldn't have-.""It's fine." He mumbled, but his composure was tight, his muscle rigid. She knew she had said something wrong."It's not fine," she disagreed, her voice firm. "Draco- we haven't talked about that night, we haven't taken the time to discuss what each of us went through. My story is no secret- though the facts are blurred in the media the basis of the story is the truth. But you- you've never come out and talked about what you went through.""You don't want to hear my story."Hermione tightened her grip on his arm. "But I do, Draco, I do. We're both haunted by the events that took place three years ago. I know I have nightmares- the only thing that helps me sleep some nights is a sleepless potion- but there are nights when even that doesn't stop the images from playing in my mind and I wake up screaming. Surely you aren't immune to such effects?"He was quiet for a moment before he stiffly shook his head. "I'm not," he admitted through tight lips. Taking a deep breath he huffed it out then turned his face to look at hers- his eyes were dark, his complexion pale. "You saw my wing, saw my rooms- saw the destruction-" Hermione nodded, shocked that he was acknowledging that night she trespassed into his space; it had become an unspoken agreement not to bring it up again. "I wake up some times and forget where I am. I forget what the date is- I think I am there still- and magic explodes out of me sometimes, I can't always control it. Some nights I wake from a dream so vivid that I find my wand already clenched in my hand and when the haze clears I see the damage I had caused- and I can't even remember doing it."So no, Hermione, I am not immune to the effects the war caused on everyone. In fact, I think I may have it worse than others.""Oh Draco," Hermione breathed reaching her other arm up and wrapping it around him in an embrace- although the two had held hands a few times, they'd never had any closer physical contact than that. This was a first for them and she had done it without a second thought. "Have you tried potions? Talking to someone? Why don't you ever repair the damage?"His body had stiffened when she had first wrapped her arms around him but slowly he softened his stance and rested his forehead on her shoulder. "Potions work to stop me from seeing- but it doesn't stop the magic from blasting out of me uncontrollably, and who am I going to talk to? Nobody can help me and anyone who tries will only secretly judge me for the mistakes I made. As for the damage-" he raised his head and moved away so his grey eyes could stare into her brown ones. "The damage is a reminder of what I can do- and what can happen if I let anyone get close to me.""Close to you?" Hermione whispered as she processed his words, "is that why you live here alone, Draco? So you- so you don't get close to anyone?""I didn't think anyone would find me here," he admitted. "I didn't know if I wanted-.""You can't isolate yourself like that Draco." Her hands slid up until they were cupping his cheeks. "It's not good for your mentality- you need someone you can talk to, someone you can rely on, someone who-.""Someone like who?" he snapped, anger suddenly flaring in his chest as he swatted her hands away to take a step back from her. "Like you? What can you do for me, Hermione? How can you help me? Why would you even want to?"Tears began to glisten in Hermione's eyes. "I wasn't referring to myself, exactly, just someone who-."Draco reached up to grip his hair angrily. "You don't understand what's at stake here! I could- I could lose-." He couldn't say it. With a growl he turned and stormed away, the broom laying abandoned on the ground at Hermione's feet.She sighed, letting a few tears drip down her cheek as she bent down and picked it up. She had thought they were making progress, thought they were getting past their hatred for one another and actually becoming friends- possibly, she dared to admit to herself, even more than that."What happened Master Draco?" Gerald asked as the blonde paced back and forth in his room, wand blasting random items throughout the space. Glass shattered to the ground as a window broke into piece, then quickly repaired itself from the magic of the Manor- it wouldn't allow it's shell to be demolished permanently. "You two were getting on wonderfully-.""She can't be the one," Draco growled pointing his wand at a table and watching as it exploded. "I can't allow myself to get close to her- I've distracted myself from the mission at hand- I must find the one I'm meant to wed- lest I-." With a growl he sent a row of pictures flying, the occupants screaming silently. Exhausted he slumped into the chair by the fire and closed his eyes. "Maybe it would be best if I lost my powers-""What?" Argon snapped, a scowl on his face. "You can't be serious, boy!""I'm not safe!" Draco argued back, glaring at his ancestor. "My magic can't be controlled- what if I hurt her? What if I kill her in my sleep having one of my dreams?"Gerald looked sad as he replied, "your magic is only like this because you are getting too close to the deadline. Draco, if you only give yourself a chance with her-.""I don't want to hurt her," he admitted clenching his eyes shut. "She doesn't deserve to have this kind of life with me."Argon and Gerald exchanged looks- Gerald concerned, Argon annoyed. Gerald rolled his eyes at the other man. "You can't honestly be angry with the young man for feeling this way, Argon!""He's being weak," Argon snarled, "and Malfoy's aren't weak! We mask our emotions, power through, and ignore the pain. He's an embarrassment to the family name!""Argon!" Gerald gasped turning to look out of his frame at Draco. "Don't listen to him, Master Draco- he just fears what will happen to us if you do, in fact, lose your powers- no one has ever- that is to say, there is no record of the consequences, and since that Dragon is linked to this Manor, well-" he gulped, eyes on the statue which glared back at him from it's glass case. "There's a chance we won't survive if-.""You're already dead," Draco stated getting to his feet and reaching for the bottle of firewhiskey on the mantle. Not bothering with a glass he tipped the bottle back and swallowed a few large mouthfuls. "You have been for generations, Gerald. What would it matter if the manor exploded and burned along with my powers- and me along with it?""But what about Hermione?" Gerald asked in a quiet voice, his eyes on the blonde's back. "Would you wish for her to die along with us?"Draco didn't answer, instead he took one last mouthful, set the bottle down, and laid on his bed, curtains drawn tight so the portraits couldn't pester him any longer.Hermione returned to her side of the Manor feeling disgruntled; what had happened out there? She had thought they were having a moment, thought they were connecting, thought that maybe they might just- but no, she shook her head, she was being silly. She and Draco may have become civil with one another but did that mean they could ever actually be together? It was ridiculous, preposterous- impossible. Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy? It was almost laughable- so why did she suddenly feel like her heart was breaking?"Mistress?" Hermione jumped as Chip appeared carrying a mug of tea. "Mistress, Chip thinks Mistress should drink this- it will calm her down, Mistress. Tea always helps Chip when Chip is sad.""Thank you Chip," Hermione smiled softly at the young house elf, but the smile didn't reach her eyes. She heaved a heavy sigh and accepted the mug, taking a small sip."Chip- Chip saw what happened between Mistress and Master Draco." His eyes were on the ground, ashamed. "Chip was gathering some herbs from the garden and- and- Master Draco should not have said those things to Mistress."Hermione watched the house elf curiously, "do you know what Draco meant when he implied it wouldn't be safe for anyone to get close to him, Chip?""Chip shouldn't say, we are bound not to-." Chip bit is lip nervously, body shaking slightly. "Chip wants to tell Mistress- he really does- but-.""It's fine Chip," Hermione said quickly afraid he might start punishing himself. "I'm sorry I asked.""Drink your tea Mistress," Chip said before disappearing in a snap.With another sigh Hermione took a large gulp- then her eyes widened. She knew where she could find the information she sought- there was a room full of answers at her finger tips! With one last large gulp from her cup she set it gently down on the bedside table and rushed out of her room intent on finding out why Draco was so worried about getting close to her.

A/NThis chapter contains a lot of information about the Malfoy family! Thanks to the Harry Potter wiki page for assisting me in finding information about the family and trying to make it as authentic as possible! Hermione walked into the library with a determined stride to her, stopping and gazing at the dozens of shelves before her, hands on her hips and mouth set in a firm line. She didn't know how but somehow she knew the answers she sought were hidden among the shelves in this room; the problem was going to be finding them. She hadn't had enough time to discover how these books were organized- were they by topic, genre, a theme, subject, the duodecimal system? With a huff she started browsing the shelves, quickly moving past the ones on magical beasts, pausing briefly at the defensive spells books, and staring longingly at the row of history books; she couldn't allow herself to become distracted, she had to find out why Draco was so worried.After two hours of looking she felt nowhere closer than she had been when she began. The library was so grand that she'd hardly made a dent in the number of books she'd looked at- there had to be an easier way."Chip!" Hermione called, and moments later the house elf appeared with a bow. "Do you have any idea how these books are sorted? Every time I think I've figured it out, I find something that's changed. It's almost like there are dozens of systems mixed into one!""Master Draco has a mind of his own, Mistress," Chip stated sadly, ears drooping slightly. "Only he knows where everything resides in this room.""Of course," Hermione huffed crossing her arms again. She bit her lip, thinking. "Do you happen to know-.""Chip can not help you Mistress," Chip stated sadly. "Chip wants to but Master Draco-.""-Has forbidden it?" Hermione guessed, raising her eyebrow. "Of course ha has.""Chip-." Chip lowered his voice and leaned a little closer to Hermione. "Chip finds it helpful to simply ask for what he wants. Sometimes it's as easy as that, Mistress." Before Hermione could ask what the house elf meant he'd vanished with a snap of his fingers."What does that even mean?" Hermione grumbled turning back to the shelves but not before glancing at Argon and Gerald's empty frames- how she wished the two elderly Malfoy's were there at the moment, surely they'd be able to assist her.Feeling resigned she began searching again, but fifteen minutes later she was still no closer to finding the books she sought. "Oh I wish there was an easier way." She started pacing around the room, replaying Chip's words over and over in her head- Chip finds is helpful to simply ask for what he wants. Sometime it's as easy as that. Ask- could it truly be as easy as that? Eyes widening slightly she tossed her shoulders back, heart hammering in her chest, and spoke into the deserted room. "Could I please have the book on the history of this Manor- and perhaps the Malfoy family as well."At first she felt silly as she stood there, as if the library would actually answer her, but then a moment later a whizzing sound echoed in the space and her eyes widened further as five books flew towards her, hovering before her, as if waiting for her to grab them. Her mouth dropped open and her heart beat even harder as she slowly reached out and the books rested gently into her outstretched arms."Incredible," she breathed, the weight of the five massive volumes beginning to weigh her arms down. Quickly she rushed towards the comfiest arm chair in the space, picked up the first book, and flipped through the pages eagerly.The Malfoy family is among the oldest names in the Wizarding World, dating back all the way to the eleventh century when Armand Malfoy founded Malfoy Manor, the house in which centuries worth of Malfoy's have resided. The Malfoy family is among the sacred twenty eight and can honestly live up to the title of Pure Blood- despite the fact that history states the family would dabble in the muggle word back before the Statue of Secrecy was introduced; however, once the law was put into place the family happily obliged and cut ties with the Muggle world, denying fraternizing with such a group. The family has no qualms to marrying half bloods and many can be found among the Malfoy Family Tree. The Malfoy family consists of a long list of influential members of the Ministry, although none have ever aspired for the top spot of Minister for Magic, choosing instead to be the bearer of power rather than the one in position of it. It is believed that gold was passed between electors and the family, to push the vote in their favour, though there remains to be seen no proof such as thus. Hermione closed that book and picked up the next one- this was a history on the family crest.The Malfoy family motto is Sanctimonia Vincet Semper which translated means Purity Will Always Conquer. The Malfoy family has always boasted on the fact that their line is purely pure- despite marrying half bloods. If you trace their family tree back you will find no muggles or muggleborns among them. Their crest represents Salazar Slytherin. Using the Founders House colours of black, green, and silver, the crest also contains snakes, as well as dragons boarding a silver M. There was a period of time when many believed that the Malfoy Family descended from Salazar Slytherin himself, however the family tree has been traced back centuries and no proof has ever been found to confirm such a theory.However, every member of the Malfoy family who have ever entered the walls of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry have been sorted into the Slytherin house. Hermione's heart was pounding in her chest as she flipped open the third book. This one was a detailed version of the family tree- she spotted Argon and Gerald, Armand and Lucius Malfoy the first (it appears Draco's father was named after a famous ancestor, which Hermione found fascinating). There, near the bottom, was Abraxas, Draco's grandfather, as well as Draco's father and Draco himself.As Hermione studied Draco's name she spotted a small dragon beside it; curious Hermione looked around at the other names but none had the symbol."What does it mean?" she whispered; as if the book heard her the pages began to ruffle. Hermione quickly removed her hands and allowed the book to flip it's own pages, only to land on a page describing the traditional wedding process the Malfoy Family partakes in.For centuries the heir of the Malfoy family has been given an ultimatum- wed by their twenty first birthday or risk losing their magical abilities forever. "What?" Hermione whispered, her eyes going wide and her heart beating even quicker- if that were at all possible. Her eyes started scanning the pages even quicker.The first male born to each heir in turn must also wed by his twenty first birthday. It is not as simple as finding a witch to wed, of course- the male must only marry their true love, as dictated by the stone dragon statue. If the male heir fails to find his love by his twenty first birthday, the dragon will implode, exerting his magic and ending the Malfoy family line.Hermione's hands were shaking now, the words blurring and blending together as tears sprung to her eyes. So, this is why Malfoy was so worried- if he didn't find his true love in, she wracked her brain to remember when his birthday was- four weeks, then his magic would seize to exist and he would be- what, exactly?Once the heirs powers have disappeared he will be left as a shell of what he was before- a mere muggle, disgraced by his family and thrown out to live among like minded people, never to enter the Wizarding World again.A muggle. If Draco didn't find and wed his true love in four weeks Draco would be nothing more than a muggle, the very breed he despised the most. She couldn't believe it- couldn't fathom the thought- a Malfoy, without their powers- a mere muggle."This can't be possible," she whispered tossing the book aside to pick up another one. She searched it until she found the section on pure blood society and how the Malfoy's have kept their status. Here, as well, it mentioned about the curse set upon the family, the curse that ensured they remained purely within the Wizarding World and the Pureblood society they ruled over.Finally Hermione turned to the last book in her pile and, with fumbling fingers, she opened the cover. She gasped as her eyes landed on a photograph of the Manor she was currently living in with Draco. Malfoy Estate was written in large bold letters underneath with a caption. Malfoy Estate is the home in which the heir resides in while awaiting his mate. The Estate's powers are linked to the heir; it can sense when the heirs true love is within the vicinity.Curious Hermione flipped the pages, eager to find out more about the house.Often times the Malfoy family heir has a pre-arranged mate chosen by the head of the family, this mate is typically chosen by status in the pure blood society, wealth, and power; it is often times a woman who will benefit the family and assist the heir in creating a family who will be honourable in Wizarding Society, and who will continue to uphold the traditions and practices which have been followed for centuries. Occasionally, the Malfoy heir will not have a mate lined up for him- whether this is because the head of the house has failed to find a suitable mate, or because of some other unfortunate circumstance; when this happens, the heir must take matters into his own hands and find his own mate by his twenty first birthday. He will reside in Malfoy Estate, which will aid him on his journey. If he fails to declare his love by midnight, he will lose his powers forever and end the Malfoy family line. As mentioned, Malfoy Estate is linked to the heir. He will only know when his mate has entered his life when she can cross the wards of the Manor with little to no resistance. If the Manor responds to her call, if the house elves abide her commands, and if she can wield the power of the manor- then, and only then, will the heir be confident in the fact that he has found his one true love and save his powers for ever. Hermione stopped reading, forcing her eyes to go over that paragraph again until the words were embedded in her head- if she can wield the power of the manor- Hermione was able to wield the manors power, right? When she can cross the wards of the Manor with little to no resistance- hadn't she been able to break the wards a little too easy for a place which should have been heavily secured? If the Manor responds to her call, if the house elves abide her commands- the Manor has presented the books she sought, and Chip was only too happy to listen to her, he even called her Mistress!Did this mean-? Could she be-? But no, it was possible! A Malfoy had never, ever, married a muggleborn! The proof was in the books before her- centuries of half blood and pure bloods resided in the family tree, she couldn't be the first to defile it!Scooping up the book she fled the library- she needed confirmation, needed to hear it from Draco's mouth himself.Draco was awoken suddenly when something heavy was dropped onto his bed. With a yelp he sat up, his wand instantly in his hand, panting and eyes wide until they settled on Hermione. "Bloody hell woman," he nearly yelled. "Do you have nay idea what could have happened to you?""Is this true?" Hermione demanded picking up a book and thrusting it at him- that's when he realized that the weight that had dropped onto his bed which startled him out of sleep was a pile of books- old looking books at that."Is what true?" He rubbed his eyes and lit his wand, allowing his eyes to adjust to the sudden light."This." It took a moment for Draco's eye to focus on the pages before him and when they did he found them widening slightly. "Is any of this true?""I-.""Because if it is it's insinuating that I could be the future- that I could be your- that I could-." Hermione was lost for words and clamped her mouth shut, waiting for him to respond."How much of it did you read?" Draco asked, sounding resigned."Draco-.""How much did you read Hermione?" He demanded, voice louder now. "I need to know what you think you know.""I read enough," Hermione stated. "I read about your family's past, your family tree- and this house, Malfoy Estate. By the sounds of it the house only responds to your family, or to someone who shows credibility to the Malfoy name, ie- your future spouse. This house has responded to me Draco! It listens to me! It bade me entrance! It-.""-can't be true," Draco finished. "You say you read about the Malfoy family history? Than you would have read that we don't marry muggleborns. We've never allowed anyone less than a half blood into our family!""But-.""Do you want to be my spouse, Hermione?" Draco asked with seriousness "Do you want to be my wife? Uphold the Malfoy family traditions and be a part of pure blood society?"Hermione was quiet for a moment before she finally admitted, "no. The Pureblood Society would never accept someone like me.""Than why are you questioning such nonsense?" he grumbled."But the book-."Draco picked the book up and tossed it in the fire, ignoring as the pages caught aflame and burned. "Did you read about how this came about, Hermione? Did you happen to come across the legend where my ancestor Armadillo fell in love with a muggle born witch and was forced to leave her, lest he taint the family line? When the witch found out she curse him, and our family, forcing us to find our true love and the one were meant to wed by the time we turn twenty one or lose our powers forever? That is why arranged marriages became so popular! The Malfoy family thought it would be fool-proof to set up the heir with a female witch, that way he would be meant to wed her and they would be soul mates by default- it was flawless, really."Except, my father was so caught up in the war and The Dark Lord that he and mother never really got around to arranging a marriage for me, despite the many efforts witches made. By the time my father was aware it was too late and the Dragon had manifested; we had no choice, I had no choice."I moved into the Estate right after the war, using it was a safe haven while the Wizarding World rebuilt itself, watching from the sidelines. Sure, I'd go out as often as I could to try and find my future wife, but it was superfluous. I should have realized that I couldn't control such matters, but I wanted to believe the right woman would come along for me. Ultimately I was wrong."He was quiet for a moment and Hermione watched as emotions played across his face- frustration, sadness, hopelessness, and defeat. Finally he sighed and said, quietly, "my magic is bound to this Manor- to that dragon," his eyes moved to the status encased in glass. Ignoring Hermione he stood up and walked towards it, glaring at it as his eyebrows furrowed angrily. "I told you about the damage in my wing? The magic I can't control? It's his fault- the Dragon's! The Manor's! The closer it gets to my birthday, the less control I have over my magic. Eventually-" he broke off, his words growing quiet. "eventually I'll lose it forever.""That's not going to happen," Hermione argued walking up to him and placing a hand on his shoulder, squeezing it gently. He turned his head to gaze at her, blue eyes meeting brown."And what can you do to stop it?"His face was so close to hers that her words came out quietly, softly, her breath brushing against his mouth. "I'll think of something.""Like what?""I don't know," she admitted. "But I won't allow you to lose your powers Draco. You're too good a wizard for that."It took a moment for Draco to be able to reply to that, but finally he cleared his throat and nodded, voice sounding thick as he said. "Thank you, Hermione."Over on the wall Argon was studying the pair with reservation- never had he imagined a Malfoy falling for a muggleborn but the truth was evident before him as the pair started at each other."There may be something there that wasn't there before," Gerald stated softly, a smile on his face. His eyes flickered to Argon, smile quickly wiping from his face. "Honestly Argon, what is the matter with you?""The family line has never been tainted before." he stated firmly. "Half bloods are one thing, but a muggle born-.""She is who he is meant to be with," Gerald shrugged watching as the pair began to converse softly. "Who are we to deny fate?""I don't trust her.""Why?" Gerald asked with a roll of his eyes, "because of her blood?" When Argon didn't answer Gerald sighed. "You know they say she is the brightest witch of her age? Shes powerful, Argon, she'd be a wonderful addition to the Mafloy family tree.""We'll see about that," Argon finally stated without removing his eyes from the pair. "We shall see."

A/NSo sadly this chapter is not as long as I'd like for it to be- but I felt like I really needed to get something out to you. Unfortunately my return to work as really taken a damped on my writing time and I am not able to sit and write freely as much as I had been, and updates may get a little lengthier- and I am sorry for that. I will do my best to keep up and get a chapter out at least once a week- even if its a merely 1500 words like this one. Things are getting exciting though! Please R&R!Another week passed in Malfoy Estate, but this time Draco and Hermione were seen spending hours in the library researching the Malfoy family. Hermione was determined to help Draco keep his powers while Draco was trying to do whatever was in his power to find someone who was not Hermione- not that he wold have minded the brunette witch being his mate, but he knew his family would disapprove regardless if it was the Dragon's will."Look at this," Hermione said after a few hours of silence in which they sat pouring over books. She stood up from her chair and walked towards the couch Draco was sitting on, plopping herself onto the arm and leaning towards him showing him the page she'd been reading. He moved until his head was nearly resting against hers in order to see the page better. "Right here where it talks about the Dragon. The curse which was set upon it can only be broken when the heir finds his true love-.""We know that already, Hermione," Draco grumbled looking up at her; her face was inches from his."I know." Her words came out slightly breathless as she realized just how close he was. She cleared her throat and look back at the page. "But did you read this, here underneath the photograph? It says that the magic isn't absolute. There's no guarantee the curse is even still active as it's been centuries since it was cast. What if-.""You want me to take that risk?" he asked blinking at her a little shocked. "You want me to just let the next few weeks pass by and wait and see if the curse is real? I can't take that chance, Hermione.""Draco-.""Do you have any idea how terrified I am of what could happen?" he asked his own voice growing quiet as he gazed off into the distance, eyes unfocused. "I- I wouldn't survive in the muggle world. I don't know how-." he swallowed, blinked, then turned his gaze back to hers. "I don't know how to be anything except a wizard. I'd be nothing without my powers."Hermione reached her arm out and wrapped it around his shoulders, pulling his body towards her until his head was resting against her chest. She smoothed his hair down and placed a soft kiss on the top of his head instinctively. She felt him stiffen below her but he didn't say anything and after a moment his body relaxed and she resumed stroking his hair."You aren't going to lose your powers Draco, we already established that," she finally whispered without halting the rhythmical motion of her hand on his head. His eyes slowly closed as he relaxed into her touch. "We will find a way to make this work.""How?" he asked sounding desperate. He tilted his head so he could look up at her causing her breath to hitch as his grey eyes met hers. "How Hermione?"She gulped, swallowing hard as her mouth went dry. Slipping her tongue out she licked her lips to dampen them before saying, "some way, Draco. Some how, some way, we will.""She's doing so much," Draco muttered as he paced his room later that night; it was well past midnight and he had just retired to bed, leaving Hermione alone in the library as she dived into yet another book- he couldn't believe how much work and effort she was putting into his problem. A part of him wondered if it was simply because she didn't want to marry him, or perhaps she really was just a good witch and wanted to help; either way he appreciated everything she was doing for him. "I- I want to thank her," he admitted turning to face Gerald and Argon as they stood in their frames watching him pace. "But how?""Perhaps you could buy her a book," Argon suggested. Gerald's eyes widened at the suggestion and Argon let out a long sigh. "What?" he asked annoyed. "The girls likes to read!""He has a point," Draco stated with a shrug."That is no way to thank the girl for all that she is doing!" Gerald replied sounding exasperated. When Draco just stared blankly at him he growled, sounding annoyed. "You want to thank the girl? Cook her a romantic dinner- or at the very least invite her to one! Dim the lamps, light some candles, serve her favourite foods, and perhaps even escort her to the ballroom for a dance?" Gerald shrugged when Draco continued to stare blankly at him. "That's the way to display your appreciation to her. Who doesn't love a good meal and an elegant dance?""You want me to dance with Granger?" Draco finally asked, as that was the part he was having the most difficulty wrapping his head around."Would that be so bad?" Gerald asking sounding innocent."Well, no," Draco admitted reaching up a hand to scratch his head uncomfortably. "It's just- I don't know if she'd even want to dance with me, that's all.""You'll never know if you don't try," Gerald pointed out. "Who knows, she may surprise you.""Yeah, maybe," Draco mumbled turning away and gazing out the dark window."What are you doing?" Argon hissed as Draco distracted himself with thoughts."Nothing.""You can't force the two of them together," Argon argued. "That's not how this works, Gerald, and you know it!""I am not forcing anyone to do anything, simply making a suggestion to the young Malfoy.""A suggestion which will taint the family line." Argon said stubbornly crossing his arms in his frame."Now Argon," Gerald sighed, "I think it's about time this family put aside their prejudices and allowed the heir to chose his mate with love. Forget about power, wealth, and status.""The Malfoy name-.""Is tainted already," Gerald snapped. "It was tainted the day Lucius Malfoy II got caught and thrust into Azkaban. It was tainted the day he betrayed wizard kind for that psychopathic man who called himself The Dark Lord! The Malfoy family doesn't stand for what it use to- Lucius saw to that.""How dare you-.""It's the truth, Argon." Gerald's voice was loud and firm. "You may not like to hear it but it's the truth."Gerald's raised voice caught Draco's attention and he turned back furrowing his brow at the portraits. "What's going on?""Argon refuses to believe the inevitable," Gerald grumbled. "As do you.""The inevitable, what?" Draco asked confused.Gerald threw his hands up in frustration. "Open your eyes, Master Draco! You can search and search all you want, but we all know that Hermione is the witch you are meant to wed and there's no getting away from it! You can either hide from the truth like a coward or face it head on and embrace the future you can have with her! She is a remarkable young witch with the potential to resume this family's reputation in the wizarding world- not as the dark and influential family we've always been but as something more- something better. But it's up to you, and only you Draco, to ensure that happens."Draco was speechless as his face paled and his heart raced; he knew the elder Malfoy was right, despite the fact he was trying to change it, fate was dragging him towards her, and you couldn't change fate. But Hermione has always been the exact opposite of him and everything he believed in- how was he sure she would accept and embrace their fate?"She'd never marry me," he finally stated in a quiet voice, eyes locked with Gerald. "I'm a Death Eater. We fought on opposite sides of the war- my family are pure blood elites and she's a muggleborn. We have nothing in common, Gerald!""I don't believe that's true," Gerald disagreed with a slight smile. "You are both very intelligent members of wizarding society, you both love to read, and you both have such strong personalities- I think you are more alike than you give yourself credit.""Maybe," Draco admitted. "But that doesn't mean I can convince her that she-""You don't need to convince her of anything," Gerald interrupted. "All you need to do is be the gentleman you were raised as. Invite her to dinner, ask her to dance- show her how swift we Malfoy's can be. I promise you she'll see the truth before long."With a resigned sigh Draco nodded, thanked the portrait, and turned to his bed, eyes feeling heavy. It had been a long night, and after the conversation he's just had he wanted nothing more than fall to his bed and sleep.

A/NI am so sorry for the long period of time it's taken to update! But I finally found some time to sit and write and managed to get this chapter comleted! Honestly I sort of love it- let me know what you think of it once you reach the end! I think you'll love it too! Please R&R and I'll try to get another update out in a short space of time this time around!Draco worked endlessly over the next couple of days to plan the perfect meal for Hermione. He called Chip to his room and poured over menus, trying to find something that would express his appreciation for everything Hermione had been doing for him. Likewise they designed a set of dress robes which would look stunning on Hermione, and altered a set of Draco's own to match. He searched through countless lists of songs until he created a list that would set the evening up as one to remember, and even requested Chip to ensure the lights were dimmed and candles were strategically placed around the room to give it a romantic glow- Draco couldn't figure out why this was important, but he was sure it needed to be done.The Malfoy men were known to be quick thinking, easy, and irrevocably unromantic in their gestures and Draco was determined to change that pattern. His father hadn't tried hard with his mother- their marriage had been prearranged from the moment both had been born after all, and although they had grown to love each other and had meant to be together- it was only because a contract had been drawn up for them. Given the choice, he doubted his mother would have settled for such a narcissistic man who's life purpose was ruling the dark side.Throughout history his family followed that same path, which was why the curse had yet to be challenged. But he, Draco, was the first male in centuries to be struggling to find his mate, weeks- days- before his twenty first birthday. The loop hole in all of this was that as long as a male had a contract binding them to a wife, than that pair was 'meant-to-be' so to speak- no contract, meant no soul mate, and Draco was left to his own device.Hermione and he had been working tirelessly and he could tell all the research she was doing was taking a toll on her- not that she'd ever admit it. But he noticed the subtle circles under her eyes, the way she drank an extra cup of coffee at breakfast, and Chip had mentioned a few times how he discovered her in her rooms, early into the next morning, pouring over texts determined to find an answer. As much as he appreciated the help, he was saddened to hear the expense it was costing her. That was why tonight was going to be a night of relaxation and fun- no research, no library, no books- just the two of them, a romantic meal, and some music and dancing.Once he was satisfied with Hermione's dress robes he sent them off with Chip to deliver to Hermione, alongside a formal invitation to dinner in the ballroom; this, itself, was unusual as they typically only had dinner in the formal dining hall and he hoped Hermione wouldn't be too suspicious at the change of location: he wanted tonight to be a surprise, after all.At precisely seven o'clock Draco exited his room, walked down his wing, and towards the staircase at the same moment Hermione did. As soon as he saw her he stopped, foot frozen in mid step, eyes glued on her figure. He hadn't imagined she'd look that beautiful in the mint green dress robes- they hugged her bodice, cinched around the waist, and flared down to the ground elegantly. The sleeves were fitted to her arms and a cape flew behind her as she walked, swishing at her feet as she stopped at the sight of him.His mouth opened and closed a few times, his mind racing with words his mouth wouldn't say. Slowly his foot, which was still held up as if about to take a step, slowly landed on the ground and he forced himself to stand up a little taller, clamp his mouth closed, and clear his throat uncomfortably as he lifted his arm to her in offering.His eyes locked with hers as she slowly stepped forwards and looped her arm with his, a soft smile beginning to play on her lips. Without a word Draco turned and began to descend the Grand Stairs, Hermione at his side.When Hermione had first received the box with the dress robes inside she'd been a little hesitant about it- this was quickly followed by a formal invitation to dinner with Draco in the ballroom, which she could only assume was where these robes were intended to be worn. Her heart had began to beat in her chest as her face flushed, mouth going dry as she began to think of the implications- was it a date? Did this mean Draco had accepted that she might be his true mate after all? Was she ready for that? Did she even want it?She couldn't deny that she'd enjoyed the extra time with Draco over the last week, putting their heads together as they flipped through pages and studied the history of his family. There were late nights, early mornings, and endless hours sitting next to each other in front of a fire. Although they were looking for answers to get Draco out of being with her, she had to admit she had found pleasantness in spending all those hours with him.So, why all of a sudden, when he was determined to find a way out of his destiny, was he suddenly inviting her to such an intimate affair? She needed to find out. Graciously accepting the invitation she began to prepare herself; putting the books aside for the first time in days Hermione retreated to her room where she could shower, spending hours longer than she typically did on her hair and appearance.At seven o'clock Hermione exited her room ready to meet Draco, but she hadn't expected him to be at the top of the stairs at the exact same time as she, nor did she think he'd be wearing dress robes that accented her own, and she certainly didn't believe he'd stare at her with such- lust in his eyes, for Hermione was certain that was what she was seeing. However when he offered her his arm, grey eyes boring into her brown ones, she hesitated only a moment before accepting it, twining her own limb through his and allowing him to lead her down the stairs and into the ball room.Soft music was playing from a source Hermione couldn't identify and a small gasp escaped as she took in all the candles that lined the room. She never expected Draco Malfoy to have a single romantic bone in his body, but the proof was laid out before her, clear as day."Do you like it?" His voice was quiet, the words causing shivers to descend down her spine as the words were practically whispered in her ear."It's perfect," she admitted in an equally quiet voice, her lips tilting upwards."Chip has prepared a meal like none we've had yet," Draco stated leading her forwards again until they stood before their chairs which automatically slid out for them. Hermione's smile grew as she swung her robs delicately to the side and slid into her seat before Draco took his own.As soon as they were both sitting their glasses filled up with the finest elf made wine, aged to perfection, along with a small glass of water. Hermione picked up her glass, took a small sip, and than a larger one as the sweetness touched her tongue. "This is delicious," she commented."Chip makes it himself," Draco admitted taking a small gulp from his own wine glass. "His family's recipe has been with the Malfoy family for generations. This particular bottle has been aged for nearly a century.""I've never been a big fan of wine," Hermione said honestly."You just haven't had the right kind- until now."Hermione laughed softly, took another sip, and set her glass down just as her plate filled with a small salad. When she looked across the small round table she saw that Draco's, too, had filled. "Do you mind me asking what, exactly, is on the menu for tonight?" She asked as she laid her napkin across her lap.Draco smirked, reaching for his fork. "I'm afraid it's a surprise. Chip was fairly insistent on doing it himself. I wrote up a few choices, but ultimately he made his own decisions in the end.""He's done well so far," Hermione stated as she chewed a bite of salad- the dressing was the perfect blend of sweet and savoury flavours."Just wait until dessert," Draco answered with a grin, piercing a leaf of lettuce with his fork.Once their plates were finished and cleared a round of appetizers were placed in front of them. Hermione nibbled at the stuffed mushrooms, tomato and basil bites, and some sort of shrimp wrap while Draco devoured his- clearly he was more accustomed to this sort of multiple course meal than she was.Soup was dished out next- Hermione slurped the creamy combinations until her bowl was empty, and than finally it was time for the main course."I'm sorry you didn't seem to enjoy the appetizers," Draco stated. "Chip insisted on a five course meal. I, on the other hand, would have been more than pleased to just serve you a plate of dinner.""Oh," Hermione said, a blush creeping onto her face. "No, no, it's fine. It's all been delicious, Draco, really. I guess I'm just not use to such elegant steps.""Well I hope you've saved some room because the main course was picked entirely for you."Wondering what could possibly be coming Hermione stared at her plate in anticipation. Moments later food appeared and Hermione inhaled the scent deeply, her mouth watering, and her eyes staring at what lay before her.Her mother used to make the most delicious chicken stuffed breasts but she hadn't had them since she was a teenager. She always paired it with roasted potatoes and green bean strips- exactly as it was displayed on the plate in front of her. She had no idea how Draco knew about this meal, had no idea how Chip could have possibly been able to mimic the smell and- she hesitantly took a bite, mouth exploding with flavour- the taste! But it was perfect, it was just as her mother used to make it- and it was impossible."But how did you know?" Hermione finally asked lifting her gaze up to meet Draco's, who had been watching her with anticipation for her reaction. "How did you know-?""You told me," He shrugged finally picking up his own fork and cutting a piece. "One day in the library as he went over books, we found one filled with old family recipes and you told me about your mothers favourite, and-.""I did?" Hermione scrunched her eyebrows together as she thought. "I don't remember-.""You said it in passing, likely didn't even realize you even said it. That was the day we found the book about curse breaking and we were quickly distracted as we tried to find a way out of this mess."Realization flashed over Hermione's face as she briefly recalled the conversation between the two of them- it had been barely a sentence, but he'd remembered. "But how is it perfect?""Chip is very good at what he does," Draco smirked lifting up his wine glass for a sip. "I didn't question him about it. But if you really want to know-.""No," Hermione decided picking up her own glass of wine. "Some things are better left a mystery," she explained at Draco's inquiring look. "Besides, it's the thought that counts anyways."After that the two fell into silence as they continued to eat their meal, but quickly they moved into easy chatter. Draco did everything he could to avoid the topic of his fast approaching birthday and the possible outcome of it, and Hermione, cottoning on to his avoidance, respected his wishes.Finally the last bites were cleared from their plates only for the dishware to vanish completely. Hermione looked at Draco questioningly but he had a smile on his face. "Dessert won't be served for a little while yet." The music, which had been playing softly in the background, picked up a little and Hermione recognized the increased beat as Draco stood and offered his hand to her. "I was hoping you'd join me for a dance?"Her heart began to race in her chest as another flush crept over her, but with a smile she reached out and accepted his hand. His grip was firm, his skin soft and warm, and it felt like her stomach- which was full from dinner- was fluttering with butterflies as Draco led her onto the dance floor. Gently he placed one hand on her waist, the other on her shoulder and the two began to sway. Hermione could tell Draco had been taught from a young age- likely as part of the pureblood society expectations- however she had also taken dance and ballet from a young age and was quite graceful herself. Neither had to lead, they just moved in synchronization, as if they'd rehearsed this dance a hundred times. It felt natural, it felt right- it felt like she belonged there, in Draco Malfoy's arms, dancing across the ballroom floor.If only he saw it that way.Draco couldn't believe how natural it felt to have Hermione in his arms, or how flawlessly she moved across the dance floor with him, or how easy it had been let her lead- despite the fact he'd grown up thinking that the man should always lead the way.Her perfume smelt like a blend a flowers, her hair had been sleeked back into a plait down her back with a few wisps framing her face, and the dress robes- the bloody dress robes- left him feeling a wave of desire that itched to be explored. When he had first set eyes on her he was sure she had seen the lust that flashed in his eyes, but he'd forced the emotion away afraid it would frighten her; yet here she remained, in his arms, swaying across the dance floor as if she belonged there.His heart raced as that thought echoed in his head- he'd spent weeks trying to find a solution to his problem, but was it possible the answer was staring him in the face the entire time? Why had he been so determined to believe Hermione wasn't right for him? What was it that made him think the brunette before him couldn't be his soul mate? How could he allow her to help him find a solution when it had been her all along?The music began to slow down and, as it did, so did their movements until they were standing in the middle of the ballroom, eye locked on one another breathing rapidly. Draco's hand snaked a little further around her waist and slid his other hand up from her shoulder until it was resting on her cheek. Likewise Hermione took a step closer to him, wrapped her arm around his neck and slid her other hand down to his chest. She could feel his heart beating beneath her hand, while he felt her warm breath on his.As one they inched their faces closer together until their lips locked; the kiss started out slow and hesitant, Draco's mouth brushing hers lightly as if waiting for her to accept and embrace him. After a moment of his lips hardly touching hers Hermione pressed herself closer to him, adding pressure, her soft lips against his, hoping he'd take over the control.And he did. Once certain she did, in fact, want this Draco parted his lips slightly letting his tongue glaze her mouth, asking for entrance. Hermione obliged, parting her own lips as she got her first taste of him. The spices from the chicken still lingered, paired with the sweetness of the wine. Moaning she pulled his face closer to hers, the hand that had been resting on his chest snaking up to join her other one around his neck, at the same moment that he slid his own hand off of her cheek to grip her hair passionately.They were so caught up in each other that they didn't hear Chip appear in the ballroom, nor did they hear the portraits talking about the pair from their frames against the fall wall."Well, well, well," Gerald said with a smile on his face as he watched the blonde and brunette embrace. "Would you look at that.""It's despicable," Argon muttered angrily. "He's a Malfoy, and she's-.""His soul mate," Gerald stated firmly, a dangerous tone to his voice."A mudblood," Argon snapped, turning to face the other Malfoy. "You can't honestly stand there and tell me you approve of this. It's disgraceful!""The only disgraceful thing here is you," Gerald argued taking his wand out of his robes- though he was merely a portrait he knew the action would be intimidating. As it were Argon eyed the stick wearily. "Young Master Malfoy is finally accepting the fact that this witch is his soul mate- he's going to save the family name and we won't need to fear the consequences of him not fulfilling his destiny!""Save the family name?" Argon snorted. "How do you reckon? As soon as word gets out that he's suited with the mudblood he'll have tarnished the name.""Oh Argon," Gerald sighed letting the wand lower to his side. "I'd hoped you'd come around by now."Argon rolled his eyes, "I'll never 'come around' as you say. What good would this witch do for the Malfoy name?""Are you forgetting who she is?" Gerald asked sounding exasperated. "We've heard all about her- she's a heroine, saviour of the Wizarding World. If she becomes a Malfoy-.""You think that just because she marries Draco she'll take his name?" Argon couldn't help but laugh humorlessly. "She'd be a fool to do that, it would ruin her own reputation.""I don't think the girl cares much about that," Gerald admitted. "I don't get the impression that Miss Hermione cares about status. I think all she cares about is love, and being happy.""And you think she's found that in our Draco?"Gerald was silent as he turned his gaze back to Hermione and Draco, who had yet to separate, still lost in each other. His gaze was wistful as he sighed. "Perhaps she might just have."

A/NI suck. I said I'd try and update more frequently but- life's busy. But last night I sat down to write something for work and when I finished that my creativity juices were flowing and I managed to write almost this entire chapter (some was written 2 weeks ago) but it was late so I couldn't publish last night but I'm on my lunch break and publishing this from my phone (technology is wild!).Anyways! I hope you enjoy this latest update! Your reviews are amazing guys so thank you so much for them! Draco slowly pulled away from Hermione, breathless and panting from the kiss they had just shared. Hermione, as well, was flushed and her chest was heaving up and down as she fought to control the air that was coming in and out of her body. As her eyes met Draco's her face flushed even darker, reminded of the moment they had both just shared- and which was still very evident.Draco's hair was mussed, the carefully sleeked back hair now standing on end. His lips, which had been so soft against hers, looked swollen and bruised. His dress robes were askew. And his eyes, his beautiful blue eyes, were darkened with lust and passion.Hermione knew that she, herself, hardly looked better. Her hair, which had been carefully pleated, had fallen out of it's style. Her own dress robes had torn in one spot, and her face, which had been carefully dressed in light makeup, was sure to be smeared.But it didn't matter.After staring at each other for a moment Draco cleared his throat a little awkwardly and nodded his head to the table that was still set up, only this time it now contained dessert. "Would you-."Hermione blinked and nodded, cutting him off before he could even get the words out. "Oh yes," she quickly said. "Dessert sounds lovely."Draco offered his arm to Hermione once more and, with music still softly playing in the background, he led her back to their chairs. Once seated Draco watched as Hermione's face broke into a wide grin."Is this-.""I heard it was your favourite.""It is!" Hermione emphasized, "but how did you know?""Like I said earlier, Chip is very good at what he does." Draco stated mysteriously. "Now, stop your yapping and try a bite."Smiling widely Hermione picked up her fork and sliced it delicately into the cherry cheesecake before her; it slid through the cake flawlessly and as Hermione brought the fork to her mouth it began to water the second her tongue touched it. It was the best cherry cheesecake she'd ever tasted. "Oh my goodness," she groaned taking a bigger bite. "This is amazing."Laughing, Draco finally took a small bite of the dessert that lay before him. He'd never had cheesecake before, it wasn't a dessert his mother liked to serve as it was 'too simple' for the extravagant affairs she threw. His father, too, preferred desserts he could pick up with his fingers during these parties: this made it easier to socialize, and drink. He had to admit, though, the cheesecake was tasteful and he could see why Hermione liked it so much.Conversation had come to a halt as the two devoured their dessert, but once the plates were empty and cleared the couple stared across the table at each other; neither knew what to say. As a way of extending the silence Hermione picked up her wine glass, which had magically refilled itself, and took a large gulp from it, watching as Draco did the same. Hermione took another large mouthful, hoping Draco would break the silence, which was beginning to turn awkward. Finally he gently placed his glass back down on the table and stood, offering his hand once more to her."Would you care for another dance?"Now feeling slightly buzzed from the wine Hermione nodded, taking one more small swallow and setting her now empty glass down onto the table before accepting his hand and allowing him to lead her to the middle of the ballroom floor. She felt a little more graceful on her feet now, though likely it was the complete opposite, as they began to sway to the music. Feeling the bravery that only comes from being a Gryffindor, and from downing two glasses on wine, Hermione stepped a little bit closer to Draco's body until she was able to lay her head on his shoulder, as the music continued to play.At first she felt Draco stiffen and tried not to take offence to it, but quickly his body relaxed and he tightened the hold he had on her waist. She sighed, happily, as her eyes slid shut and she allowed herself to be moved by his body and the music, her mind blissfully blank.She'd never felt such comfort, such peace, such wholeness- for Draco made her feel complete in a way no other man ever had. She had been a mere child when she dated Viktor Krum and although she briefly tried dating Ron after the war she quickly realized that she loved him as nothing more than a brother. She'd of course had a few brief relationships over the past few years but nothing had ever made her feel so at ease- being with Draco was as natural as breathing.Suddenly she felt her heart tighten in her chest as she thought about Ron- and Harry. How long had it been since she'd last seen them? Surely they were worried about her? Why hadn't they tried contacting her to make sure she was okay?Her feet felt as if they were frozen to the spot as her eyes went wide and her body rigid. What if they were looking for her? What if the mansions powers forbade outside magic from getting in? What if she couldn't be tracked whilst under the roof and within the boundaries of Malfoy Estate? Was there a man hunt happening right now that she was unaware of?"Hermione?" She hardly noticed that she'd stopped moving, couldn't acknowledged the worried tone that flooded Draco's voice. She stood there staring off blankly, face pale, and breath beginning to come out in gasps. "What's wrong Granger?""Harry." She whispered in a voice barely above a whisper. "Ron.""Potter and Weasley?" he asked sounding confused, and slightly irritated. Of course Weasel-breath and Saint Potter would ruin this moment for him. "What about them?""I- I haven't checked in- they must be worried- I've been gone for weeks without a single word! What if they're looking for me? What if they think I'm dead?""Hermione, snap out of it." Draco said in a firm voice, sliding his hands to her shoulders and grasping them tightly in his hands. He gave her a little shake and her blank eyes moved to his, but he could tell she still wasn't focusing on him. "Look at me Granger.""I have to get a message to them.""You can borrow my owl," he stated. "She'll-.""That's too slow!" She finally cried hysterically, eyes meeting his. Shoving his hands off of her she turned away and brought her fingers into her hair and dug them into the delicate plait. "I need to floo, or apparate, or-""You can't apparate within the grounds," Draco drawled in an irritated voice. "We've discovered that, and the only floo connection the Estate has is to Malfoy Manor, so unless you want to stop in and visit my dear mother, I suggest-""I have to do something Draco!" she screamed, tears now flowing down her face. "I have to- I need to know-."Draco sighed after staring at Hermione's tear streaked face for a moment. Biting his lip and scowling he took a few steps towards her and grabbed her hands. At first she resisted but after a moment she fell into his arms where he held her, raising one hand to smooth her now dishevelled hair down. Lowering his voice he said calmly, "I have a way you can check up on them and they won't even know."Hermione scrunched her eyebrows together in confusion as she drew her head away from his shoulder to stare into his eyes. "What do you mean?" she whispered, voice sounding hoarse from the tears."I- I have a magic mirror. Like everything here in Malfoy Estate, it will only work if the magic wants it to. I've used it before to check on my mother at the Manor and I've even seen my father in his cell once or twice. If you like I can show it to you and you can see if the mirror will unveil Potter and Weasley to you.""Are you serious?" She asked, almost afraid to believe him.Draco extended his hand to her for the third time that evening. "Take my hand and you'll see."Draco led Hermione to the West Wing, invited her to sit in his chair, and gently placed the magic mirror in her hand. His eyes briefly flickered to the dragon encased in glass; it was asleep, but he could tell it was aging- there wasn't much time now, until his twenty first birthday. With a heavy sigh he focused his attention back on Hermione, trying to push those intrusive thoughts aside- he couldn't focus on the possible outcome of his magic right now; Hermione needed him."If the Manor grants you access to the mirror it will glow brightly, than all you need to do is focus your thoughts on who you most desire to see. When it comes to multiple people it typically works best if they are together, otherwise the magic has difficulty focusing and you may get a blurred or unclear picture. Once I was curious to see what Blaise Zabini and Pansy Parkinson were up to but they weren't together at the time. I ended up seeing Blaise's head on Pansy's body and- let's just say there are some things you can't ever unsee." Hermione chuckled softly, but a frown remained on her face. She sniffled, reaching one hand up to wipe her dripping nose; the hand still holding the mirror shook slightly. "You okay Granger?""They're together," she whispered closing her eyes as she let out a heavy breath. "I know they are. They're together and probably out there somewhere looking for me right now."Draco squeezed her shoulder gently as it began to shake, tears overcoming her again. "It'll be okay Granger," he stated in a quiet voice."I'm scared," she admitted, unable to open her eyes as sobs overcame her again. "I'm scared of what I might see- Ron's anger is bad at the best of times, but if he thinks I'm in danger- he and Harry are trained Aurors, Draco- two of the best! They'll find me, and what if-.""Is it me you're scared for?" He asked in a surprised voice as he realized what she was saying. "Are you afraid of what might happen if they find you here with me?""They hate you," she breathed, tears flowing down her face again. "They hate you and they'll never understand-."With a growl Draco marched around the chair, knelt down, and gently took her face in his so he could stare into her blood shot and tear filled brown eyes and said, "I don't care what they think of me, Graner. All that matters is what you think. Those two big-headed fools don't stand a chance against you- that is, if you'd be willing to stand up for me.""Of course I would," Hermione whispered, "but Draco-.""But nothing Hermione." He leaned forwards and pressed his lips firmly to hers; he could taste the salt from her tears fresh on his mouth as he pulled away. "I know this is happening fast and we haven't had a chance to discuss what we are yet- but if what you want is to be with me, if this is the choice you want to make- if I'm what you want- than it doesn't matter what anybody else thinks. If Potter and Weasley are your friends they'll respect that."As his words reached her ears Hermione's eyes filled with tears again- but not because of sadness or fear, this time it was because of happiness, and although deep down she knew it wasn't going to be as easy as Draco said it would be she shoved the feeling away, inhaled deeply, and drew her shoulder back as she nodded firmly. "Okay."With a single nod Draco stood back up and took a step away from her, giving her space, the mirror still in her hand. "Okay. Now, this may be easier since you're feeling strongly connected to them emotionally. Just think about them and focus that energy and magic on the mirror until it glows. Sometimes it takes a few minutes, other times-." Before Draco could finish speaking the mirror shone brightly, causing Hermione to squint and shield her eyes. Even Draco had to raise a hand to block the light from blinding him."Does this mean its working?" Hermione asked in disbelief."It's working." Draco agreed; he didn't need to look at the mirror to know. "Look for yourself."Slowly lowering her arm Hermione turned her eyes to the reflective glass in front of her and gasped, eyes widening. There, in the small round frame of the mirror, were Harry and Ron except- Hermione sobbed as tears began to flood her eyes yet again- the two men were kneeing on the ground, hands clutching their head in anguish- Ron even looked as if he were crying while Harry's eyes were wide with panic. Hermione's stomach sank- it was exactly as she feared. Although she couldn't hear them, she knew what she was seeing in their faces- panic, fear, worry. For her."I have to go to them!" She dropped the mirror; Draco got a single glimpse of the image before it vanished back to glass and the glow dimmed as Hermione jumped quickly to her feet. "I have to go!""Hermione wait-.""They need to know I'm okay! They need to know I'm alive! They need to-.""You can't leave, remember?" Draco argued taking a step towards her as she took a single step backwards towards the door. "The magic- it barricaded you in. It-.""It has to let me go, Draco! I have to go! I need to-.""Hermione-.""They're my family, Draco! Do you under stand that? They're the only ones I have. I had to oblivate my mother and father when the war began in order to keep them safe, and although I was able to track them down in Australia I was never able to fully restore their memories. They recognize me as- someone, but not as their daughter, not as the little girl they raised. I'm an only child- Harry and Ron are the closest things I have to brothers! Can't you understand that Draco? Don't you see? I have to go!"Draco's chest clenched as he saw the pain in her eyes and the hurt on her face. "But what about me, Hermione?" He asked quietly. "What about me?"Hermione knew what he was asking. She took a step towards him and reached for his hands, squeezing them tightly. "I'll come back for you.""It might be too late by than."Hermione inhaled deeply, her hands beginning to shake as she held his tighter. "I promise I'll be back."Nodding Draco slowly slid his hands out from her and took a step way from her. He nodded his head towards the door. "Go.""Really?" She sounded almost surprised."You have to go. If you don't you'll only beat yourself up over it. Besides, the Hermione Granger I know would never stay back just because a man told her to. Go."Smiling weakly Hermione rushed over and planted her lips on his for one last long kiss. "Thank you Draco," she whispered before pulling away and rushing from the room without a look back. Slowly Draco walked over to the one window that faced out the front of the Manor, standing and watching- waiting until he could see her fleeing down the long drive way. He knew the Estate wouldn't hold her back, knew that because he granted her the permission she'd be able to leave it behind- which only proved that she was, indeed, the one he was meant to be with.He also knew that by letting her go he would lose his powers for good, because he knew there as no way Potter and Weasley would allow her to leave their sights any time soon, not if they found out it was he she had been with all along. She promised she'd be back, and although he trusted her and believed her, he also knew she wouldn't be able to make it back in time."Master Draco."Hermione disappeared from sight, out of the gates and into the forest, successfully exiting Malfoy Estate boundaries when he finally turned away from the window and faced his ancestors portraits. Gerald looked sad, Argon angry."What is it Gerald?""Why did you let her go?""Because he's a fool!" Argon spat. "A fool in love, a fool-.""That's enough Argon," Draco sighed; he spun, his back to the frames. "I don't need to hear you-""You sealed our fate, you realize that?"Gerald sighed and shook his head. "We don't know that Argon.""He's going to destroy us all!" Argon yelled. "He's going to destroy us all for some mudblood fool-!"Draco swung around and whipped his wand out, pointing it at Argon's frame as his face contorted with rage. Striding quickly over to the portrait Draco snarled, "don't you ever- don't you dare- don't you-."Argon couldn't help but sneer. "I never thought I'd see the day when a Malfoy was speechless over a mudblood."Growling Draco shot a curse at the portrait and, miraculously, the magic was absorbed into the canvas causing Argon to scream as welts appeared all over his body. Astonished Draco's eyes widened and even Gerald didn't seem to know how to respond. Quickly morphing his features back into anger Draco glared at his ancestor and spoke in a cold voice, "if I ever hear you say that filthy word again- especially about Hermione- I will ensure every single one of your portraits get burned simultaneously. Do you understand?"Argon nodded and stepped backwards out of his frame. Gerald, face pale, turned his attention to Draco. "Master Draco, how did you-?""Malfoy Estate didn't like the way Argon was speaking about the next Mrs Malfoy," Draco muttered, finally lowering his wand to his side. "It took the appropriate action against him.""I didn't know we could be- that is to say, the magic has never harmed one of us- I mean, we've never been hurt before, and-.""We've never been in this situation before now have we, Gerald?" Draco asked. Turning his back Draco strolled over to the mantle and picked up the bottle of firewhiskey, twisted the cap off, and slugged back three large mouthfuls. With a sigh he called Chip, asked him to bring him his cloak, and took another two swallows from the bottle. Chip appeared with the cloak and Draco thanked him, took two more large swallows form the bottle, than fasted the cloak around his neck."Where are you going, master Draco?" Gerald asked as Chip studied his master with curious eyes.Draco faced his ancestor and stared into his eyes. "I need to make a visit to my mother- she must be prepared to say goodbye; I can not remain in the wizarding world without my powers.""But Mistress will return before than!" Chip squeaked nervously. "Won't she? Master Draco?"Draco looked at the small creature and allowed his eyes to droop a little in sadness as he admitted, "I don't think she will, Chip. I don't think she will."

A/NOh hey look, a quick-er update! I really do find it difficult to find time to just sit and write these days but I try and today I felt that little bite that told me I had to and so here is an update! Hope you like it!Also thank you all so much for all of the reviews you give me! It's so wonderful knowing so many of you look forwards to these updates! I appreciate you all so much! So without further ado here's chapter 12! Hermione didn't stop until she was past the boundaries of Malfoy Estate and stood surrounded by trees in the dark forest circling the perimeter of the building; only then did she stop, her breath coming out in pants, and glance back through the branches where she could just make out the building hidden among the limbs. Maybe she shouldn't leave after all. Had it been a rash decision to just flee like that? She knew what was at stake with Draco- and he was mere days away from his birthday. What if she didn't make it back in time to help him and he lost his powers forever? Would she be able to live with herself knowing that she was the cause of it all? That, if she had only just stayed, it never would have had to happen.Was she even ready for that? Draco was right: they hadn't had a chance to talk about it. She hadn't planned on kissing him, she hadn't planned on falling for him, and she certainly hadn't planned on becoming his wife! But if she had learned anything from her time at Malfoy Estate it was that she couldn't control everything in her life- somethings were meant to be, and you couldn't fight fate. Her hunt for house elves had led her to a large dwelling of them hidden in a forest, which turned out to be Malfoy Estate. She'd made a choice to enter a seemingly abandoned building, only to find a man she had once feuded with in school. She had been determined to hate him- but it hadn't turned out that way, and instead she had fallen for him.She may not have planned to marry a Malfoy- but there was a very good chance that was exactly what would happen, and not just because she wanted to save Draco's powers, but because she truly cared about him.With a sigh she took a few steps back- Harry and Ron could wait a few more days, right? She could borrow Draco's Owl, send them a message, and than they would know she was just fine. Right? She knew what she had to do now, knew it had been a mistake to leave. She had to go back.But as her foot reached the property line she hit an invisible barrier: the wards appeared to be back in place, stronger than they'd been before. Her hand fumbled for her wand- she had to get back in!- but despite her best efforts they wouldn't budge.When once before she had been barricaded inside Malfoy Estate- she was now locked out of it."Draco?" Hermione tried calling starting to feel panicked, but she knew it was hopeless. He'd never be able to hear her from where she was, even if the wards weren't active. She bit her lip and looked around, suddenly recalling the thestrals which had attacked her that first day, and decided it wouldn't be safe to remain standing in one place for too long."I'll be back for you," she whispered with tears glimmering in her eyes. Letting out a long, slow, breath she stepped backwards again, clutched her wand, and spun on the spot, disappearing with an echoing crack.Hermione wasn't exactly sure where Harry and Ron would be so she apparated to her flat first to see if they could possibly be there, however when she had her feet firmly back on the ground she found no disturbances, nothing out of place, and it looked as if no one had entered it in weeks- as it should considering she hadn't stepped foot in her own place in weeks. She found it odd that the Aurors wouldn't have come looking for her here, or at least looking for clues about her whereabouts.Something wasn't right.Deciding she'd stop at the Ministry so she could speak to the head of the Auror department directly Hermione dispapparated, only to find herself appearing in the atrium of the Ministry. She thought she might get screams of surprise at appearing after weeks of being gone but no one batted an eye at her, in fact a few people smiled and greeted her as if no time had passed at all.It didn't make any sense."Miss Granger!" Whirling around she found herself face to face with the Minister himself- Kingsley Shackelbolt. She thought he may have sounded concerned but once she had the chance to look at him she saw nothing except pleasure at the sight of her. "How was your mission? Was it a success?""Mission?" Hermione blinked a few times until, finally, she understood what was happening- nobody was concerned about her disappearance because to them she hadn't disappeared at all- she was simply working. "Oh! Yes, yes I found a large dwelling of elves in a-, uh, well, an old estate house and-""What in Merlin's name were they doing there?" Kingsley asked curiously. "And why are you dressed like you fled from a party? Did the Quidditch match end that badly?""Quidditch match?""Yeah, Donaldson and Frankie were just discussing the results. The Chudley Cannons lost by a landslide- nobody thought the season would end like that but there you have it. How are Harry and Ron taking it?""I-." Hermione stuttered. For the first time in her life she was unable to answer a question. Her face flushed as she shook her head. "Actually, Minister, I-."Now Kingsley was starting to look concerned. His eyebrows knit together as he took a step closer to Hermione and lowered his voice. "Hermione, are you alright?""I-," Hermione repeated but she was unable to say any more as an Auror approached them quickly interrupting their conversation."Minister, I'm sorry to intrude, but may I have a word? It's a little urgent."Kingsley didn't take his eyes off of Hermione and waited for her to answer. Swallowing hard she nodded her head towards the Auror. "You go ahead. I'm fine.""Are you sure?" He asked, still refusing to turn to the now impatient Auror beside him. "If there's anything you need-.""I promise." Hermione forced a smile to grace her face and, once again, nodded towards the Auror. "You're needed elsewhere Minister. Thank you for your time."Kinglsey nodded, not looking convinced as he turned to leave. Hermione let out a long breath and closed her eyes, trying to centre herself, when his voice forced her eyes back open. "Miss Granger." Hermione looked back towards him, the Auror looking annoyed as Kingsley, once again, gave her his attention. "The gentlemen all gathered together in Diagon Alley at George's to watch the match- in case you were wondering where to find them."Holding back the sigh she desperately wanted to release Hermione forced her face to remain neutral as she nodded. "Thank you Minster."Kingsley nodded once more and finally turned back to the Auror and began to walk with him, the Auror whispering rapidly at him as they retreated down the hall.With a destination in mind Hermione strolled back towards the apparation point and, taking a deep breath, spun on the spot thinking of nothing but Weasley's Wizard Wheezes."Hello mother." Draco walked into the sitting room to find his mother in a comfortable arm chair sipping a glass of the finest elf made wine- finer, in fact, than the bottle Draco had served to Hermione hours before. Nothing but the best for the Mistress of Malfoy Manor, of course.Narcissa hardly turned her head as her son spoke; she raised her glass to her lips and took a large sip before lowering it and continuing to stare into the fire. "I wasn't expecting you, Draco.""And yet you don't seem surprised that I'm here." He drawled, walking over to the small table where a bottle of firewhisky sat, pouring himself a hefty glass."Truth be told I thought you'd be here weeks ago." Turning her head to the side she studied her son as he took his own large gulp. When he didn't answer her she continued. "I thought you may have some news to share after all this time. Apparently not." She downed the rest of her wine and snapped her fingers, an elf appearing instantly to fill it up again.Draco sighed and took a few steps towards his mother. "I actually do have some news to share," he stated, his voice even. Narcissa glanced at him as she swirled her wine. "But it might not be the news you had hoped for."Fear flickered briefly in her eyes, but in a flash it was gone, replaced by indifference. "Whatever do you mean Draco?"Draco emptied his glass and began to pace in front of the fire as he gathered his thoughts. "Has Argon or Gerald sent any messages through the portraits to you?" he finally asked stopping directly in front of his mother and forcing her to look at him."There may have been a few whispers."Draco swallowed down the growl that wanted to come out- his mother could be insufferable sometimes. "And what did they say?" he asked through clenched teeth."Oh Draco, I don't know," she sighed as she gulped her wine. "Something about a girl showing up at the estate- using magic, saving you, falling in love with you-." She studied her son for a sign that her words were true, but he hid his emotions well. "Of course I didn't believe a word they said for I knew my son would tell me at once if he'd fallen for some girl, especially so close to his twenty first birthday."Draco continued to stare at his mother silently, knowing she wasn't done yet.She reached over and set her wine glass down before leaning forwards. "Yet it remains to be seen, darling, that these rumors may, in fact, be true, and yet you kept it a secret from me. Did it ever occur to you that I might want to know if my son had found his true love? That it might be beneficial to admit you'd fallen in love? Don't you think I'd want to know that you weren't going to lose your powers and doom this family's future existence?" Her voice slowly got louder until she was yelling and standing up, pointing her finger at him. "Did it ever occur to you at all that I might want to meet my future daughter-in-law? The mother of my grandchildren? The next Mistress of the family? Don't I have a right to know any of this?""Of course you do, mother!" Draco finally snapped, his words coming out in anger. He started pacing again and, with a flick of his wrist, his glass refilled and flew into his hand only for him to empty it within seconds. "Of course I wanted to share the news with you- expect I didn't know! I wasn't sure she was the one- I didn't want her to be the one!""Why ever not, Draco? From what the portraits have said the chemistry between the two of you was undeniable!"Draco scoffed, "the portraits only told you what you want to hear- they left a few key parts out of the story, mother.""Like what?"Draco stopped and swung, his robes billowing around him as he faced his mother dead on and stared into her blue eyes, so much like his own. "Like the fact that 'the girl' happens to be one Hermione Granger- heroine of the war, Potters right hand, and a mudblood. Did you want to know those details, mother?"Narcissa gasped and raised a shaking hand to cover her mouth as her eyes widened in shock; she slowly sunk backwards into her chair, her wine splashing onto her dressrobes as she took a sip trying to collect her thoughts as Draco stared hard at her. Finally she managed to whisper, "where is she?"Draco chuckled darkly and magically filled his glass again. "Why do you care, mother?""Is she here?""No," Draco snorted. "I wouldn't bring her here- not after what your sister did to her in the drawing room that night-.""Don't!" Narcissa hissed, teeth clenched together. "Don't speak of that night-.""And why not, mother? Ashamed of what you did? Ashamed of how you sat by and did nothing while your sister tortured her?""You were no better than me!""Don't you think I know that?" Draco roared, throwing his glass to the ground and smashing it as shards of glass scattered. "Don't you think I know I was a coward that night? I could have stopped it- I could have stopped her! Instead I did nothing and Hermione suffered for it."Narcissa was breathing heavily as her sons words washed over her. "You have feelings for her.""So what if I do?" he snapped. "What's it matter to you?""It matters a great deal, Draco! If she's the one- if she becomes your wife- if she-.""She won't be anything to me, mother! I won't put her through that, I won't make her suffer the consequences of marrying a Malfoy! Her reputation is too good for that.""So what?" Narcissa asked, her voice shrill. "You're just going to let your powers go? You're going to allow yourself to turn into a muggle because of some mudblood?"Draco's wand was in his hand within a second as he pointed it at his mothers throat. Narcissa flinched as she saw her son's angry face- it was almost identical to Lucius's when he was tempered. "Don't you ever talk about her like that.""You don't simply have feelings for her, do you, Draco?" Narcissa whispered, her heart pounding in her chest. "You love her.""You know nothing about it," Draco hissed, lowering his wand and turning away to stare into the fire. "You know nothing about love."He felt his mothers hand on his shoulder but refused to turn to her, keeping his eyes on the flickering flames before him. Her voice was quiet as she said, "I may not have loved your father in the traditional way- but I did love him in my own way, Draco. He was- is- my husband. We may have had an arranged marriage but you don't go through the life trails that we did without feeling something for each other. He had his flaws- but so do I. Neither one of us was perfect, but we were perfect for each other in our own twisted way.""This isn't like that, mother.""No, I doubt it is," she admitted with a sigh. "You were given a gift which many pure bloods aren't given, Draco- you were able to choose your life partner, able to fall in love on your own accord- able to find someone who was perfect for you. Do you really want to screw that up?""No." He admitted finally turning away to face his mother. "I don't want to lose her- I don't even want to lose my powers- but I had to let her go.""You really do love her." A wistful look came over her face, an expression Draco had never seen on his mother before- it was almost romantic in the way she gazed off. "You need to go after her.""I'd never find her.""If you care about your powers at all, Draco- if you care about her- you'll be able to find her.""How do you expect me to find her and marry her in less than ten days, mother?" Draco snapped. "I won't put her through that! She deserves a grand gesture, a big wedding- not some rushed ceremony to save my magic.""She doesn't seem like the kind of girl who would want a big wedding, Draco." Narcissa pointed out, picking up her wine glass for another sip."No- but she would want her friends there, and no way would they accept me in such a short period of time.""Hm," Narcissa said as she pressed her lips together. "I assume you mean Potter and the red headed boy?" When Draco didn't say anything she set her glass down again and crossed her arms over her chest. "I never thought you cared too much about what they had to say about you.""I don't, but they're Hermione's best friends, mother. She'd never go through with marrying me if it made them turn on her.""Some friends they'd be," Narcissa scoffed. "They should be happy for their friend- regardless of who she falls in love with!"Draco laughed humorlessly, "you don't know Potter and Weasley very well, mother."Narcissa sighed and picked up her wine glass again. "It seems like you're at a crossroad than, my dear, and you have a choice to make.""I've already made it," Draco admitted. "It's why I'm here- to say goodbye.""You still have time to reconsider, Draco."Draco smiled sadly at his mother and shook his head. "I made my choice, mother. I knew letting Hermione go to her friends would be my downfall- but it was what I had to do to prove I love her.""Did you tell her as much?" Narcissa asked, a curious tone to her voice.Draco hesitated and shook his head slowly, "no- why?""There- there may be a loop hole," Narcissa suddenly said, her eyes going blank as her mind spun. "If- if the two of you confess your feelings for one another before midnight of your birthday- you might not actually have to be wed by than." Her eyes became clearer as she focused on her son. "Centuries have passed since the curse was made and the wording has gotten mistranslated time and time again but- I'm fairly certain the original curse doesn't state anything about being married by your twenty first birthday, merely that you find your true love by that time. But you have to tell her, Draco, and she has to say it back to you, otherwise-.""The curse will be fulfilled." Draco nodded in understanding, a flicker of hope flaming within his chest. "Are you sure about this mother?""Not entirely, no," she admitted. "But it's worth a chance, isn't it? What do you have to lose, Draco?""My powers." He stated with a smirk.Narcissa couldn't help but smile back. "You're already willing to lose those, son, so what difference does this make?""I guess it doesn't make any." Draco said with a sigh. "But it'll have to wait until morning- I am in no state to travel.""Quite right," Narcissa agreed. "Your bedroom is set up, as always.""Thank you mother." Draco leaned down to kiss her cheek before stumbling up the stairs of the manor and down the hall to his room, warmth spreading through him at the possibility of keeping his powers- and Hermione. He knew a good long sleep was in order if he was going to tell Hermione he loved her.

A/NWhoa. What's this? A quick update! This can't be real- is it? Why yes, yes it is! I was going to wait and post this on the weekend but then I remembered it's a busy weekend for me (here in Canada it's Thanksgiving, and even with all the crazy going on in the world I am going to my dads for a nice turkey dinner, and seeing my sister on Monday, but keeping it to immediate family only!) and I wasn't sure I'd actually remember, or get around to, posting this! And I have some time this morning so I'm posting it now before I leave for work, which means I expect to see lots of reviews when I check my email on my lunch break! LOLEven more shocking to posting this quickly- I'm already half way through the next chapter as well! I'm actually kind of hoping to wrap this story up by the end of the month- November I like to focus on NaNoWriMo (National Novel Writing Month) and likely won't update this story at all unless I find myself ahead of my novel with some spare time to work on this. Therefore, the ideal thing to do is have this complete before than but I can't make any promises because I don't want to rush the story either. So we shall see what happens!Now on to the chapter! "Hermione!" Ron's frown instantly changed into a wide smile as he saw the brunette walk through the door. Although he was still incredibly depressed over the Chudley Cannons loss, seeing her walk into his brothers flat turned his mood around instantly. He'd never admit it to her but he still had feelings for her, despite the fact she said they could never truly work out: she saw him as a brother and nothing more, but he knew they were soul mates."Hey Mione!" Harry exclaimed forcing a smile for his friend as well. "You missed the match- but we didn't exactly expect you to come anyways. Kinglsey said you'd been deep in mission mode so we didn't bother sending you an invite.""Oh, that's um-." Hermione blinked as Harry hugged her with one arm, the other hand holding a bottle of butterbeer. Ron, she could tell, was a little tipsy as he downed the rest of his own drink. "That's okay- I mean, I don't really like qudditch, and-.""How'd the mission go anyways?" Harry asked as Ron cracked open another bottle. "You left with such short notice- actually, you left without even saying goodbye. We didn't expect you to disappear for so long but-""You knew I disappeared?" Hermione asked sounding a little hurt. "And you didn't try to find me?""You were working." Harry stated sounding confused. His eyebrows furrowed together suddenly in concern as he lowered his voice. "Weren't you? I thought you were just undercover or something.""I was-," Hermione quickly said, "I mean, that's how it started out, but-.""But what?" Harry asked his voice suddenly changing to one more serious. "What happened on your mission? Were you hurt?""I mean- not exactly no, that's to say I-."Harry reached for her elbow and pulled her away from the still open doorway, flicking his wand to close the door. Pulling Hermione into a corner he sent up a muffliato charm so they wouldn't be interrupted; Ron didn't even seem to notice as he was engaged in conversation with some woman in Chudley Cannon orange whom Hermione didn't know."Harry you know I don't approve of this charm," Hermione hissed.Harry rolled his eyes for a moment before setting them straight on her. "Tell me what happened.""Harry," Hermione groaned, "do we have to do this now? I'm exhausted and-.""-and you look like you've been through hell, Mione! You're in these fancy dress robes I've never seen before- and they're ruined! You're wearing makeup and it's smudged everywhere! Your hair looks like it was elegant but is now mussed! Something happened to you and I want to know what it was. Now.""You're too observant for your own good," Hermione mumbled annoyed."All part of being an Auror," Harry stated seriously. "Now start talking.""Fine." Hermione huffed as she crossed her arms over her chest. "My mission started off a few months back- I spent two weeks searching forest after forest for some sign that a large dwelling of house elves were hiding out somewhere- I presumed a cave or something, but what I found instead was an abandoned mansion- an estate, actually, and-.""Why was a dwelling of elves hiding in an abandoned estate?" Harry asked interrupting her. "Did they use to work there? Did they still feel some sort of connection to the land, or the owners? Maybe they were never released and felt compelled to stay there and-.""Harry will you let me talk?" Hermione asked annoyed.Harry stopped, eyes widening for a moment. "Oh- sorry Mione." His cheeks flushed as he nodded his head. "Go on.""Thank you." Hermione took a breath and continued. "I found heavy wards around the estate but managed to break through them fairly easily-.""And you didn't think to call for back up? You know my team would have been there in a second to help you-.""Harry please," Hermione huffed, "I knew what I was doing and-.""You could have been hurt, Mione!""I was fine!" Hermione snapped, crossing her arms over her chest. "I made it safely into the estate and it appeared deserted with nothing but a few ancient portraits lining the halls. Curiously there was a single arm chair in front of a fire-.""Don't tell me you sat down," Harry groaned raising a hand to his forehead to slap it."Naturally," Hermione shrugged."And what happened next?" Harry asked hesitantly."Well-." Now Hermione paused. How was she going to break the news that she had been held hostage by Draco Malfoy- not hostage, exactly, but that the estate itself wouldn't let her leave? "I, uh,-.""What are you two talking about over here?"Harry's charm was shattered as Ron came barreling over and grabbed Hermione's arm, dragging her back towards the crowd. "Just because the Chudley Cannons lost doesn't mean we aren't celebrating! It was a hell of a match.""Cheers!" George called, tipping back a bottle of firewhiskey.Hermione winced, thinking of Draco and his drink of choice. She sighed a little sadly. "You know what? I think I'm going to call it a night. It's late and I am in desperate need of some rest. We'll talk more in the morning.""Swear?" Harry asked giving her a knowing look.Hermione sighed, but nodded. "Swear." She knew she had to come up with some way of breaking the news to them gently, but she wasn't sure how."Okay." Harry nodded once."I'm gad to see you are both doing well," Hermione added. "I thought- I mean, for a moment I thought you were both- sad, I guess, about me being gone for so long.""You were gone a while," Harry admitted, than shrugged. "But we knew you were working. Actually, I was going to send you an Owl by next week if you hadn't resurfaced, but here you are.""Here I am." She agreed walking back towards the door. She opened it and turned back to her friend. "I'll see you later Harry.""We'll talk tomorrow, Hermione."With a forced smile she nodded and closed the door, heading downstairs and to the apparation point. If Hermione was going to confront Harry about where she'd been she'd need a nice long sleep to get her wits about her."Start talking Mione."Hermione sighed as she spun her coffee mug in her hand. Harry was sitting across from her at the table in her kitchen, looking as if he hadn't just been to a party the night before. Ron, on the other hand, had his head in his arms, one hand clutching a steaming mug of coffee, the other rubbing his temple.Hermione had hoped that Harry would have forgotten their conversation from the night before but as luck would have it he was knocking on her door at eight thirty the next morning with a wincing Ron at his side. Hermione had hardy had enough sleep herself and knew she'd need a boat load of caffeine to help her get through the impending conversation."I'm not exactly sure I know where to start." She lifted her mug to her lips, stalling for time as she gulped. Harry raised an eyebrow at her and she sighed. "Okay fine. I told you about finding the dwelling of elves last night in the abandoned estate, right?" A snore emitted from Ron and Hermione and Harry both glanced at him, shrugged, then turned back to face each other. Maybe this was better, Hermione thought. Maybe Harry's reaction would be a little less- crazy, than Ron's would be. Taking a deep breath she continued. "when I entered the estate I discovered it wasn't as abandoned as I first assumed. In fact- there as a master who resided there.""A master?" Harry asked, "you mean- the owner of the place?""Yes."When Hermione didn't elaborate Harry leaned forwards a little. "And?""And I stayed there with him-""All this time?""Yes.""But why, Mione? Who was he?""I'll get to that in a bit." Hermione stalled. "As to why I stayed... well, the estate wouldn't let me leave.""What do you mean the estate wouldn't let you leave? Are you telling me that the house locked you inside?""Yes.""But you managed to get out?" Harry clarified, looking confused and angry"Look Harry- I know it sounds bad, but it actually wasn't. I wasn't completely alone, I had company, and I was fed and taken care of, and-.""You aren't making any sense Hermione!" Harry finally snapped, slamming his coffee mug onto the table and causing Ron to jump, his head swinging upwards and looking around confused for a moment."What'd I miss?"Harry and Hermione ignored him as they stared at each other. "I'll tell you the whole story, Harry, but I need you to promise me you'll remain calm and withhold your judgment until the end. Can you do that for me Harry?"Ron blinked, still coming out of his daze, and turned his head to stare at Harry as he waited for his answer.Harry pressed his lips firmly together for a moment before answering her. "I don't like the sound of this Hermione-.""Promise me, Harry," Hermione pleaded reaching over to grasp his hand softly in hers. "Please."Harry let out a long breath before nodding his head stiffly once. "Fine. I'll listen without judgment.""Promise?" Hermione emphasized."Promise.""Okay." Hermione took a deep breath and let it slowly before starting her story. "That very first day, when I entered the estate, I sat down in a chair, and quickly discovered the house belonged to Draco Malfoy..."Draco rolled out of bed late the next morning and hardly believed his eyes when he saw the sun shining brightly in his eyes from high in the sky. Ever since he moved into Malfoy Estate he'd drink himself into a stupor, awake from some nightmare at four in the morning, and be unable to fall into a proper sleep again before dragging him out of bed at the crack of dawn. When Hermione entered his life he found the nightmares were few and far between- but never completely stopped, and he still was never able to sleep past dawn.But last night had changed that- why? Was it being in his childhood home? Was it being surrounded by his mother? Or was it something more than that- could it possibly be that he'd finally admitted his feelings for Hermione, and that was the reason he had slept so peacefully?Hermione. Draco's eyes widened as he remembered the full conversation he had had last night, and the events which had taken place prior. Hermione had left him- and he had let her. But now he had to find her, had to come clean about how he felt- he had to tell her he loved her.With a flick of his wand his robes were changed into clean ones and his hair was smoothed down. Without a second thought he raced down the hall and to the only fireplace that was connected to the floo network. He wasn't surprised to find his mother standing there with a mug of tea in her hand."Drink this first," she stated evenly. "There's a pepper up potion to help with the hangover I know you must be feeling.""I don't need it.""Drink it," she insisted, nearly thrusting the mug into his hand. With a sigh Draco tipped the contents back and within three mouthfuls the mug was empty and smoke was rising out of his ears. With a satisfied nod Narcissa turned to look at the floo network. "Do you have any idea where to start?""She works for the Ministry," Draco mumbled. "Perhaps I should start there.""I don't think that's wise, darling," Narcssa stated slowly. "The Malfoy family haven't stepped foot within that Ministry for three years. We don't have the reputation we once had- where once our family walked through those walls with respect, we're now looked down upon as if we were the traitors of the world-.""We were the traitors of the world, mother," Draco snapped. Narcissa's eyes widened as she glanced at her son. "We sided with The Dark Lord and set out to end half of wizard kind! Father was one of his most trusted allies- hell, even I was brainwashed to believe that what we were doing was right! But it wasn't, mother. Not to mention that for centuries our family has rigged elections, bought votes, and bribed Ministry Employees in order to get our way- and it's never been right!"So yes, mother, we deserve to be treated like scum- because we are. But I'm not going to stand here and allow the way others view me stop me from finding the woman I love! Hermione is an employee of the Ministry in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and that seems like as good a place as any to start looking for her."Stunned into silence Narcissa could only stare as her son walked forwards and picked up the glass dish which held the floo powder within it. As he picked up some of the dust and flung it into the fire, the flames turned green and reflected in her eyes. Draco took a step forwards, but Narcissa stopped him."Wait." Draco moved his leg back and glanced at his mother, waiting for her to go on. Swallowing hard she said, "when you do find her- and I know you will Draco-" here she paused and licked her lips, dampening them as they'd grown dry out of nerves. "Can I- I mean, do you think I could meet her?"Draco studied his mothers face for a moment looking for signs of humor- but there were none. Her eyes were somber, her mouth set firm- he knew she was being honest in her request.Draco cleared his throat uncomfortably and nodded. "Yes mother- but only if she's willing to meet you. I won't force her into anything she doesn't want to do, and that includes socializing with my mother- the woman who stood by and watched while she was tortured." Before his mother could respond he placed both feet into the fire, shouted out his destination, and was whisked away."Did you just say-" Harry blinked a few times, put a finger in his ear and pretended to clear it of wax, before continuing, "- Draco Malfoy?""Harry-.""Tell me you're making this up." Harry urged her.She glanced at Ron who's face was frozen in shock- mouth hanging open, eyes wide, and complexion pale; he hardly looked to be breathing. "Uh, Ron?""He's in shock," Harry said waving his hand at his friend. "As am I! Mione, please tell me this isn't true."Hermione sighed and glanced down at her hands which were folded over her coffee mug. "I'm sorry Harry, but I can't lie to you like that.""You've been spending all this time with Malfoy?" Harry clarified. "What did he do to you? Torture you? Kidnap you? Were you his hostage? Did he take advantage of you? How did you escape? No wonder you looked a mess last night, I'm sorry Mione, I should have-.""Harry stop!" Hermione insisted, her voice louder than she intended. Harry broke off and leaned back in his seat a little, eyes widening in surprise at her tone. She let out a breath and continued in a calmer voice. "Look- it's- it's a little difficult to explain what happened while I was at Malfoy Estate but- Draco did nothing to harm me. In fact- he saved my life.""Impossible!" Harry stated."It's not! Okay, I can't make this sound good so I'm just going to tell you as it is. When I first entered The Estate I was locked in- I couldn't get out. And no, before you accuse Draco of doing something, it wasn't him keeping me there. The house has magic of it's own and it- decided- to lock me in. No matter what I did I couldn't leave, and my magic wouldn't work either."Draco didn't know what to make of the situation so he threw me in the cellar- but I was only there for a short period of time before he came back and set me free. I still couldn't leave the house, but I was at least able to explore it on my own accord- if I so wished. He gave me an entire wing of the house and essentially told me to make myself comfortable while I was there."It wasn't ideal," Hermione admitted. She could see that Harry was biting his tongue against speaking out. "But we had to make the best out of our situation. At first I didn't trust him- in fact, if he hadn't saved me from the thestrals who knows what would have happened between us. But one night I was touring the estate and came across the wing he lived in. He- he didn't like me trespassing in his rooms and demanded I leave so I fled."I ran and ran and ran through the grounds of the Estate, but no matter how far or fast I went, I couldn't leave. The house had granted me an exit from the door, but not the land itself. That's when the thestral found me and- if it hadn't been for Draco it would have attacked me.""Thestrals only attack when provoked," Harry quickly cut in. "They're drawn to blood, and pain, and-.""I guess I forgot to mention I was bleeding," Hermione admitted. "When Draco found me he blasted apart a chair and a piece flew across the room and cut my face." Harry opened his mouth in rage but Hermione stopped him before he could get a word out. "It was an accident Harry! He wasn't trying to harm me. There is so much more to this story- and if you'd let me talk instead of constantly interrupting me, maybe I could get to the end of it.""Sorry," Harry mumbled looking sheepish."That's quite alright." After another breath Hermione continued. "I quickly returned the favour that night. As Draco and I returned to the Estate we came across an Adder snake which Draco accidentally stepped on and caused it to go on the defence. It bit him- he couldn't walk! The Estate granted me some magic in order to save his life. I levitated him back inside, cured his wound, and bound his ankle. As a thank you Draco showed me the library."Harry couldn't help but smile, "I bet that had an effect on you."Hermione blushed, "not at first. I mean- I did appreciate the gesture and took it for what it was- a show of appreciation. But I knew there had to be something more going on than what Draco told me at the Estate. So I did some digging- and I was surprised at what I found.""What did you find?" Harry asked. He glanced quickly over at Ron who was still sitting as still as a statue; every now and then his eyes would blink but he was hardly moving.Hermione's heart began to pound as the words formed in her head. She didn't want to give away Draco's secret, but she knew she had to be honest with her friends. "The Malfoy family was cursed many years ago. Every heir- every male heir I should say- born to the Malfoy name must wed by his twenty first birthday lest he lose his powers forever. Draco's birthday is in nine days- and he has not yet been wed to his true love.""What does that have to do with you?" Harry asked his voice sounding hesitant, almost as if he knew what she was going to say before she said it."Harry-.""Tell me Hermione.""The reason the estate wouldn't let me leave- the reason it responded to my needs- the reason it wanted to keep me there was because it recognized something in me- some sort of connection to it's Master.""Don't say it Hermione-." Harry begged in a silent voice."Harry- I'm Draco's true love. I know it's hard to believe, I know it's going to take some getting use to, but-.""No."Hermione blinked- and so did Harry, for it wasn't he who had spoken. Hermione slowly turned her head to look at her other best friend, the red head she had tried to date once upon a time. His face was no longer pale but flushed with anger, his eyes still wide but glistened with anger. She swallowed hard as she gazed into Ron's blue eyes. "Ron, I-.""You- you can't sit there and tell us- tell me- that you are Draco fucking Malfoy's true love! The ferret who bullied you throughout Hogwarts! The death eater who stood by and allowed his aunt to torture you! Are you telling you you've forgiven him for everything he did to us? To you?""Ron, it's not like that-." Hermione tried saying, but Ron wasn't listening.The chair crashed to the ground as he stood up suddenly and slammed his hand onto the table, causing his mug- which was still full- to tip over and spill cold coffee all over the table, not that anyone seemed to notice. "The man is scum, Hermione.""You don't even know him."Ron laughed humorlessly. "Don't know him? Hermione we grew up with him! Harry sat as witness at his trial! His father is in Azkaban and his mother lives alone in that freaking torturer chamber they call a house! Malfoy himself disappeared for years and you're telling me that after three years of believing him to be evil all of a sudden you think he's turned good?""Ron please listen," Hermione begged as tears began to glisten in her eyes. "You don't understand-.""I understand well enough!" Ron snapped."Mate," Harry tried reaching out to place a comforting hand on Ron's shoulder but the red head brushed him off and strolled away towards the fire place."I don't want to hear anymore of this," he seethed, picking up a pinch of floo powder. "Clearly whatever happened to you in that place these last few weeks has caused you to go demented, Hermione! Call me when you've come to your senses."Before either Harry or Hermione could say anything Ron stepped into the green flames and disappeared in a swish of his robes. Tears were now slowly falling down Hermione's face as she turned to look at Harry again. His eyes drooped solemnly."What did you expect to happen, Hermione?" he asked in a quiet voice. "Did you really expect him to take this news well?""No," she admitted with a sniffle. "But I didn't expect him to be so angry.""This is Ron we're talking about Mione. He's hated Malfoy since the day they met. Malfoy did nothing but make fun of his family, his money, and his very being. The war hasn't changed Ron's opinion of him, and this probably won't either.""What are you saying Harry?" Hermione asked, reaching up to wipe some tears away. "That I have a choice to make? My true love or my best friends?"Harry sighed ad shook his head. "I'm saying that you have a lot to think about. If Malfoy is your true love- he'd understand, wouldn't he? He'd wait for Ron to come around- or at least be a little bit okay with it all?""Draco doesn't have that kind of time Harry," Hermione sighed. "His birthday is days away.""Are you saying that in nine days you're going to marry Draco Malfoy?" Harry asked in disbelief. "You can't be serious Mione!""I don't have a choice Harry! If we don't than Draco will lose his powers forever. The consequences of not fulfilling his destiny means he will be nothing more than a muggle!""Maybe that's what he deserves, Hermione! After everything he's said about muggle borns and muggles and-.""You don't know him like I do, Harry! He's changed! He doesn't believe any of that anymore. Do you honestly think he'd be willing to marry a muggle born like myself if he still had such prejudice views?""How do you know he isn't just using you to keep his powers?" Harry retorted, "how do you know he really loves you?"Hermione shook her head as more tears flowed down her face and took a few steps back, away from Harry. "I thought you'd be happy for me Harry. I thought you'd trust me and my own judgment. I thought you'd understand. But I was wrong."Not letting Harry say anything in response she rushed out of the kitchen and into her bedroom, slamming the door as the tears continued to fall.

A/NHere's another quick update for you! I had this finished for a few days and just needed time to polish it up a bit! I actually really love this chapter and can't wait to get into the next one cuz A LOT is going to happen! I hope you enjoy it as much as I do and are as anxious about the next few chapters as I am once you finish reading this! Enjoy :)For the last three years Draco Malfoy had kept away from the public eye. He avoided going to Diagon Alley, Hogsmead, or any other largely populated city in the Wizarding World, choosing to stick to little unknown towns with a small population- he even sent his house elves to Gringotts when he needed funds rather than enter the building himself. Although he'd never dare to admit it aloud- at least not back than- Draco knew that he had failed as a Wizard in the modern world and he was ashamed to show his face. He knew what they thought of him and his family, and he was tired of the stares, glares, and whispers spoken about him. So he chose to stay away.Therefore, the moment he appeared within the Ministry everyone stopped and openly stared at him as if they were a muggle seeing a ghost for the first time. The entire atrium grew quiet as everyone gaped at him. Trying not to show them the effect their staring was having on him Draco raised his head high, stood up a little taller, and walked as if he owned the place, which only caused whispers to break out among those who had gathered.He'd only made it a few feet when a voice echoed loudly through the main hall making everyone jump and avert their attention from the scene which was about to unfold."Oi Malfoy! What the bloody hell do you think you're doing here?"Slowly Draco turned his head at the familiar voice- it was one he hadn't heard from in nearly three years, but it didn't surprise him to see they were now a Ministry employee. What did surprise him was the effect he had on the others, who had all began to shuffle along away from the two men.As Draco turned to look at the man he noticed that not much had changed in the last few years- he still had the same dark hair, same dark eyes, and same condescending look on his face. With a chuckle Draco reached his hand out in offering. "Blimey, I didn't expect to see you here Zabini."Blaise Zabini smirked as he accepted the offered hand and shook his firmly, nodding his head towards the lifts. "Care for a drink in my office?"Draco hesitated, but quickly shifted his features so his friend wouldn't see and nodded. "Lead the way."As the duo started walking Draco slipped his hands in his pockets and said, "so, you made it into the Minsitry."Blaise glanced over at him, "you sound surprised.""Not exactly- but I didn't expect many of us to make it in here. The Ministry isn't run the way it used to be."Blaise steered Draco away from the public lifts and led him over to a private one which appeared in an instant when he used his wand to summon it. The gates opened and the two stepped in, rising higher as he said, "my family may have shared the same views as yours but we were never actively involved in the war. At least- my mother wasn't. Her seventh husband, on the other hand, happened to be a Death Eater who died during the battle. She's now married to lucky number eight.""Blimey," Draco whistled as the lifts opened and they stepped out into a dimly lit hallway. Blaise led him down until they reached a door with his name on it."Enough about me though Malfoy," Blaise gestured to the empty chair across from his desk and sat down in the large yet comfortable chair behind it. "Where the bloody hell have you been for the last three years? Rumour has it you've been hiding out at your Estate house.""Mother has been talking I see," Draco grumbled."That and the long list of potential wives she'd been narrowing down.""The curse doesn't work that way, she knows that.""At least she was trying," Blaise pointed out, "which is more than she could say about you.""I was trying," Draco growled leaning forwards. "Maybe I wasn't out at The Three Broomsticks, or The Leaky Cauldron, or even the Bloody Hogshead, but I was out there trying to find someone! It's not as easy as it sounds, Blaise.""I'm not saying it is," Blaise shrugged leaning further back in his seat. "But if I have my calculations correct you have nine days, Draco- so why are you wasting your time here, at the Ministry? Unless you're tying up loose ends because you actually believe you're going to lose your powers-."Draco slammed his hand on Blaise's desk, his face contorted in rage. "What's it matter to you, Zabini? For the last three years you've ignored my Owls! Every single one of my friends from school has turned their backs and shut me out as if I don't exist- all because of what my father did and forced me to do during the war- blaming me for Greg's death! I wasn't the only one in that room- and it's no different than what Crabbe, or Goyal himself- or even bloody Nott did! Yet I was the one who took the brunt of the isolation!"Blaise just sat there staring at Draco as he raged, then with a flick of his wand he summoned a mug of tea for his friend. "We don't blame you for Goyal's death Draco, it was that bloody lunatic we all believed in who's at fault. So what really brings you to the Minsitry than?" Blaise asked casually as he slid over the steaming mug.Draco accepted it with narrow eyes as he picked it up for a small sip, the steam hitting his upper lip. He blew slightly, took a mouthful, and swallowed as he bid his time. When he couldn't stall any further he slowly said in a forced voice, "I'm looking for someone"Blaise cocked an eyebrow and smirked, the Slytherin trademark look of curiosity and disbelief. The slippery snakes were fairly intuitive and Blaise knew there was more to what Draco was saying. "Oh really? And who might she be and why would she be at the Ministry?""Who said it was a woman?" Draco asked raising his mug to his mouth for another sip to hide the slight twitch of his lips. But of course Blaise had seen."Please. It's written all over your face. So who is she?"Draco sighed and placed his mug down, eyes glancing towards the floor as he mumbled, "no one important"Blaise couldn't help but laugh. "Draco Malfoy wouldn't have shown himself at the Ministry after three years of silence for someone who didn't matter. Now who is she""It's none of your business Zabini."Blaise smirked and leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest casually. "Considering your birthday is only a few days away I'm going to take a hazardous guess that this mystery woman is the next Mistress Malfoy." When Draco didn't respond Blaise leaned forwards quickly, the wheels of his chair squeaking on the floor as it pushed forwards. "Spill Draco. Who is it.""It's really isn't-""Who. Is. It." Blaise lowered his voice and the deep rumble sent a chill down Draco's spine. Although he was never the most intimidating member of the Slytherin house – that would have been Draco himself- he knew that Blaise had a reputation for being dark and dangerous in his own way- it was what made him such a good attorney at the Ministry and earned him his own private office. Though he didn't fight directly in the war, Draco knew that his friend could have caused extreme damage had he chosen to- and was good at persuading others to give him answers.Draco signed, feeling defeated, and mumbled, "Granger."Blaise sat back as his mouth fell open. Surely he had heard wrong. "Did you just say-"Draco brought his eyes up to meet Blaise's and stared directly into them as he spoke more clearly this time. "Granger. It's Granger I came here to find.""You can't be-""Look, I don't have time to get into it- but she's the future Mistress Malfoy and if I don't find her in nine days than I'm doomed to lose my powers for good. So ultimately does it really matter why- or how- if it means I get to keep my powers?"Blaise was silent for a few minutes as he stared off and considered Draco's words. Finally he looked back at his friend and nodded. "When all of this is over you owe me a story- I want to know exactly how this happened."Draco pressed his lips together in annoyance but nodded his head once. "Fine.""Good." Blaise sat up a little straighter. "Granger works on level 2. I believe Shacklebolt even gave her her own office- she's a pretty big deal around here, not as big a deal as me but-." He trailed off with a smirk than continued. "But she hasn't been seen for weeks; she's been busy with some mission- or so everyone thought." Blaise studied Draco for a sign that his assumptions were right, but Draco didn't give anything away. He just nodded and stood up, leaving his mug almost full of tea."Thank you Zabini.""Don't mention it- seriously. If the others find out I helped you marry the mu-" he broke off as Draco's eyes narrowed. "I wasn't going to say that- I was gonna say Muggle born, you twat." Blaise rolled his eyes as Draco continued to glare. "Anyways, if they find out I had a hand in all of this they'll be sure to curse me along with you. So do me a favour and keep my name out of it.""Deal." Without another word Draco swept out of his friends office and back towards the lifts with the hope that it'd be as easy as finding Hermione alone in her office.Hermione stayed in her room for a few hours until she finally realized that it was silly of her to react as she was- not when there was so much at stake. Who cared if Harry and Ron didn't approve of Draco? They didn't run her life, they don't get to choose who she loves, and she certainly doesn't need their approval.By the time she emerged it was mid-afternoon and she felt as if she had wasted the day moping over nothing. Feeling a little more determined she apparated out of her flat and straight back to Malfoy Estate with the hope that the wards would allow her to re-enter and she and Draco could reconcile.However as she made her way out of the thicket and into the open driveway she slammed into the wards hard, as if she walked into an invisible wall, stumbling backwards and falling onto the ground. Her eyes widened a little in shock as her lips parts and a breath escaped. What was going on? Why couldn't she get in? Did Draco decide she wasn't worthy of being his wife after all? They never truly had a conversation about any of this, never decided if they were truly going to wed and wilful Draco's destiny- everything just sort of happened at once: the kiss, the connection, and the departure.There had a to be a way inside. Standing up swiftly Hermione pulled her wand out of her pocket and began to blast every curse she could think of at the wards, hoping-praying- something would work. She had to get inside, had to find Draco- had to talk to him!"Th-that w-won't w-work, M-Mistress Hermione."Hermione jumped, startled, and spun around to find Chip the house elf standing in the shadow of a tree looking scared. His eyes were wide and his body was trembling slightly.Hermione let out a gasp and ran over to him, kneeling down so she could stare into his face. "What happened, Chip? Is Draco okay? Why can't I get into the Estate?""M-Master h-has l-left." Chip stuttered out."What?" Hermione had to admit, it made sense for the house to lock her out if the Master no longer remained on the premise- but the fact that Draco left only made Hermione more anxious. "Where did he go, Chip? What's going on? And why are you shaking?""We house elves a-aren't s-suppose to l-leave without p-permission, M-Mistress." Chip trembled out. "B-b-but Ch-Chip knew M-Mistress w-was here a-and l-looking for M-Master Draco. I's was worried you'd th-think Master Draco d-didn't want to see you.""Thank you Chip." Hermione smiled warmly at him and placed a comforting hand on his shoulder until he stopped trembling. "You don't need to be frightened. I know Draco won't be upset or angry if he discovers you left to talk to me.""Chip will need to punish himself, Miss.""You will do no such thing," Hermione stated firmly. "That's an order coming from your Mistress."Chip blinked for a moment but nodded, his shoulders sagging in relief. "Thank you, Mistress Hermione."Feeling confident at the fact that Chip was obeying her direction Hermione stood up again and looked back towards the Estate. "Did Draco say when he'd be back, Chip? Is there any way of getting in contact with Argon and Gerald? I need to pass a message along to Draco.""Master Draco was going to his mothers to say goodbye." Chip's ears drooped sadly. "He didn't believe Mistress would be back in time to save him.""So he wants this to happen?" Hermione clarified as her heart began to pound harder in her chest. "He believes I am- that I'm to be-? But why didn't he think I'd be back? I promised him I would!"Feeling a little hysterical Hermone began to pace. "You say he went to his mothers?" she asked, without stopping.Chip nodded, "after Mistress left, Master Draco departed through the floo to Malfoy Manor."Hermione paused and a shudder ran through her body at the thought of the fortress she was dragged to three years ago. She continued her pacing, pushing those dark thoughts away. "There must be a way to get a message to him. Maybe an Owl? But that could take days!"Hermione stopped again as the one and only option flew through her mind- she knew there was only one thing she could do.Turning back to Chip she stated, "I'm going to see him. At Malfoy Manor. I promise you we will be back here before midnight on his birthday. The Dragon will be free of it's cage; I won't allow the curse to take Draco's powers away, Chip.""I knew you wouldn't, Mistres." Chip said, his eyes glistening with tears."Go back inside, Chip. Tell Gerald not to give up hope- tell Argon to stop worrying. The Malfoy family line is going to live on if it's the last thing I do."Chip nodded and with a snap he was gone.Hermione's heart began to pound as she took a few deep shuddering breaths and pictured Malfoy Manor clear in her mind- something she hadn't allowed herself to do in three years. Spinning on the spot Hermione disapparated, leaving the fear and anxiety behind.

A/NAnother quick update! Things are getting good, readers! I hope you love it as much as I do!Your reviews all make me laugh and excited for what's to come. So many of you have commented on the fact that Draco and Hermione keep missing each other- but it wouldn't be as good a read if they just came back together so easily, now would it? Also- keep in mind this is an adaption of Beauty and the Beast, and try and remember the last half hour or so and think about what happens there...I'll leave it at that for now! More to come soon! I'm about half way through the next chapter and I have so many ideas! Please R&R!Draco had never been to the second level before- in fact, he hadn't been much past the atrium. As a child his father would drag him along on errands, and often times they would include a stop at the Ministry while his father bribed Cornelius Fudge with a pocket full of gold. His father was on the Board of Governors for Hogwarts and while they did have an office appointed to them in the Ministry, Lucius had never allowed Draco to enter it- he was always made to sit and wait by the fountain for his father to be finished with his duties, no matter how long they took; it had been torture.Of course there was one level he'd been to- almost everyone who fought in the war had been invited to it: The Department of Mysteries. Trials with hundreds of faces as witnesses, dozens of defendants, and countless stories told. In the end they had no other option but to use veritaserum in order to discover who was telling the truth, and who was lying about their involvement. Draco recalled his trial clearly- he'd been shaking, tears had soaked his face, and his skin was so pale it was nearly translucent. He recognized that if it hadn't been for Potter he likely would have had a life sentence in Azkaban just as his father had. But Potter had testified on his behalf, told what was left of the Wizengamot that Draco had been forced into being a Death Eater, and that he- Draco- had saved his life. To this day Draco still had no idea what Potter had meant- was it because he had lied about knowing who he was, that fateful day he'd shown up at the Manor? He didn't know, and he'd been too ashamed to ask. He'd never even thanked Potter for helping him.He made a vow, than and there, that if he managed to find Hermione in time than he'd be sure to thank Potter for everything he did three years ago, for without his testimony Draco's life would have turned out vastly different, and he may never have found out Hermione was his soul mate.With this thought in mind he stepped off of the lift as the door opened to level 2 and walked into the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. He wasn't quite sure where to go but a sign directed him that the Auror headquarters was around the corner to the left. He knew Potter and Weasley worked as Aurors, but he had a feeling Hermione's office wouldn't be found in the same area as theirs. Opening a door on the right he discovered offices that belonged to the Improper Use of Magic Office. The next door lead to the Wizengamot Administration Service, and the next door was a small office for The Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects.Starting to feel a little frustrated he closed the door and leaned against the wall with his eyes closed as he took a few deep breaths in and out. He had to think; he knew Hermione's case involved House Elves, but she didn't work for the Care and Control of Magic Creatures- she worked for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Her mission had involved the investigation of house elves being mistreated- but how did that tie into the law?"Can I help you sir?" Draco sprung his eyes open as a voice interrupted his thoughts. There, in front of him, stood a small house elf wearing miniature robes of the deep purple colour represented by the Ministry. She was looking at him with concern, her eyes drooped sadly as he stared at her.Draco was at a loss for words. Who was this creature and why was she wearing Ministry colours? After a few moments of staring silence Draco finally cleared his throat and said, "y-yes. Uhm, I'm looking for Hermione Granger's office. It's sort of important.""Miss Hermione is working," the creature quickly stated, standing up a little taller and looking official. "But I's is Miss Hermione's assistant.""You-?" Draco started, but stopped, swallowing his words quickly. Forcing a smile he nodded. "Of course you are. It makes complete sense now.""Miss Hermione works hard for us House Elves.""That sounds like Hermione." Draco agreed. He smiled softy. "I was hoping I could leave a message for her- a personal message. Do you think you could lead me to her office?""Coco would be pleased to!" The House Elf said with a high pitched squeak. She turned and opened the seventh door that lined the wall, and it was only than that Draco saw the sign attached to it. Hermione Granger- Head of the SPEW Department."Spew?" Draco asked following the elf inside. "Isn't that-?""The Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare." Coco declared with a firm nod. "Miss Hermione began her journey in the Care and Control of Magical Creatures Department, but quickly realized just how big the issue was regarding house elves. Following the war many elves were left without masters and didn't know where to go or what to do. Miss Hermione began this organization to help give us rights and placement in the Wizarding World. Miss Hermione has changed many laws and written new ones which help support us!"Draco's eyes widened, impressed. He'd had no idea Hermione's work was so in-depth and involved. How many lives had she changed, simply by creating such a silly group back in their forth year of Hogwarts?Walking into the office Draco shouldn't have been surprised to see at least three other House Elves working at desks with quills- one, he couldn't help but notice, even held a wand and was using it to shift objects around. Coco didn't seem to notice Draco's astonishment as she led him to a final door at the back of the office; it was covered in glass walls so Hermione could see out of it, but the decorations inside clearly spoke to her nature."This is Miss Hermione's office," Coco said. "She's been on mission for weeks now. Coco is starting to get worried about her-.""She's fine, Coco," Draco assured the elf, placing a hand gently on her shoulders. "I've seen her- in fact, she was suppose to be on her way back to work which is why I'm here. I was hoping to run into her. But-.""Coco has not seen her," Coco stated firmly. "But- I did hear whispers of her return. Coco had hoped Miss Hermione would have come up to say hello though." Her ears drooped sadly and again Draco found himself comforting the elf."Hermione is a very busy woman," Draco assured her. "I promise you, the moment she gets the chance she'll be here to say hello. I can almost guarantee she's missed you as much as you've missed her.""Sir is kind to say so," Coco sniffled and nodded. Snapping her fingers a piece of parchment and a quill appeared before her. "You's said you had a message for Miss Hermione?"Nodding Draco accepted the items and sat down on a chair outside Hermione's office door. Coco left him alone with his thoughts for a few minutes as he scratched his head with the end of the quill and thought: what could he possibly say to her in a letter? He had expected to find her, personally, not her house elf (who knew she had one!), and he certainly hadn't expected to leave his thoughts to her on paper!But he didn't know how else to track her down, and if nothing else this was the best shot he had. Taking a breath he put the quill to the parchment and began to write.Hermione landed at the gate of Malfoy Manor and she couldn't help but flash back to that night three years ago as she stood there, bound next to Ron and Harry and the others, being forced through the gates and into the Drawing Room where she was quickly signalled out and tortured because they held the sword of Gryffindor in their hands. It wasn't a night she liked to remember but as she stood before the gates she allowed herself to feel the fear and the pain from that night- it was the only way she was going to be able to face Narcissa Malfoy.She knew it wasn't going to be easy to access the manor though and as her hand reached for the gate it burned her; hissing she quickly withdrew it back to her side as the bars formed into a mouth and spoke to her."Filthy mudblood," it spat in a voice that resembled Lucius'. "You dare to trespass on the ancient and noble Malfoy Manor?"Scrunching up her nose in disgust Hermione forced her voice to remain calm as she said, "I demand to speak with the Lady of the Manor."The gates laughed, sending a chill own her spine. "Oh you demand, do you? What makes you think a mudblood such as yourself is going to get anything they want here?"Hermione stood up straighter and made her words very clear. "I am the future Mistress Malfoy and you will open for me. That's an order."She held her breath, unsure if her words would forge any impact on the gates- but as luck would have it the mouth vanished, replaced by metal bars, and slowly the gates swung open, revealing the long drive before her. Letting out a shaky breath Hermione started up towards the daunting Manor, her heart pounding rapidly in her chest.She withdrew her wand, unsure of what she might face, as she came closer and closer to the front door of the Manor. Before she could reach out to knock the door slowly swung open- Hermione couldn't help the fleeting second she thought she'd see Draco on the other side; instead what she found was an old grey house elf, wearing a wrinkled tea towel outfit. Scowling to herself Hermione wiped her face of any expression as she glared down at the poor creature and waited for it to speak."Mistress Malfoy is in the drawing room."Hermione's heart beat harder in her chest as those words reached her ears, but she tried not to show it. Forcing her shoulders back so she stood more proudly Hermione made her way inside Malfoy Manor and turned down a few halls- nothing but her memory leading her. But as she stood in front of the Drawing Room door she found her body frozen, her hand outstretched for the handle, unable to open it as it slowly began to shake. She wanted to be strong, she wanted to be fierce, she wanted to be forceful- but she wasn't sure she could do it.Hermione lowered her hand and took a step back as she began to hyperventilate. She thought she could do it, thought she could return there- to that room- but she couldn't. It was too soon, the memories were too fresh, the pain too real; she had to get out of there. But before she could flee the door swung open and the flames from a flickering fire inside the fireplace caught her attention, and although every nerve ending in Hermione's body was telling her to leave, the sight of Narcissa Malfoy standing in front of the fire, back to Hermione, caused her to pause.She couldn't explain it, but one small piece of her told her to stay. She needed to face her fear and speak with Narcissa because she needed to find Draco. Swallowing down her fear Hermione forced her body to take a few steps over the threshold and into the drawing room, stopping only when she was mere feet from Narcissa Malfoy.She didn't say a word, she just waited for the Mistress of Malfoy Manor to turn and acknowledge her, as she knew she would.Narcissa refused to turn away from the fire though, the flames brushing her face with their warmth as her blue eyes stared unblinkingly into them. She knew the brunette was behind her and- though she wouldn't admit it aloud to her- she was impressed with her show of bravery; it couldn't be easy to walk back into the snake pit, not after what had happened the last time she was here. Yet there she stood in the middle of the room she had been tortured in as if nothing had happened. The girl truly was a Gryffindor through and through."He told me you were brave." Narcissa finally said without turning her gaze away from the fire. "But he wasn't sure you could handle returning here after what my sister did to you."Hermione didn't know what to say, but she kept her eyes on Narcissa's back as she responded. "Where is he?"Narcissa grinned, "he's out looking for you, of course.""Chip said he was here." Hermione argued. "That he came to say goodbye because he didn't think I'd come back.""He did," Narcissa confirmed. "He said his goodbyes- but than I convinced him not to give up so easily." Finally Narcissa turned around to look at her. "He loves you, you know."Hermione's mouth opened and closed for a moment, unsure what to say. "I-.""I'm not sure how, and I'm not sure why," Narcissa added, her blue eyes staring straight into Hermione's brown ones. "Of course, if I had it my way it would have been the Greengrass girl- not the one you went to school with, of course, the younger one- Astoria. She would have made a fine fit for the Malfoy family. But when I introduced Draco to her, do you know what the dragon did?" Before Hermione could respond Narcissa continued. "It yawned, than curled right back up into a ball as if it were bored. I kept that damn Dragon around for so long during Draco's school years as we threw dinner party, after dinner party and invited everyone we knew. None seemed to have the desired effect."Hermione didn't know what to say, so she stared at Narcissa, speechless, as she let the blond woman speak."Imagine my surprise when my son turns up and declares his love for you to me- while also saying goodbye to me because he refuses to put you through the consequences that trail behind becoming a Malfoy." Suddenly a wine glass appeared in Narcissa's hand and she lifted it up, sipping it gingerly. "He doesn't think you have what it takes to handle the name- but the very fact that you're standing here, in front of me, in the room you were tortured in shows me that you can handle anything that life throws at you- even the ridicule and mumbles that come along with the Malfoy name."Narcissa swallowed again, and Hermione remained silent, letting the elder Malfoy mistress speak."But the look in his eyes- I knew what it was. I may not have experienced that kind of love for my husband, but that doesn't mean I couldn't distinguish it in another's eyes. He loves you, Miss Granger, and he's not ready to let you or his powers go."So my only question for you, Miss Granger, is what are you going to do about it?"Hermione stared at her as her glass magically refilled. Narcissa took another sip without removing her blue eyed gaze from Hermione's, and after a moment Hermione finally spoke. "I'm going to save your son, Mrs Malfoy.""Are you sure that's the wise thing to do?" Narcissa challenged, quirking an eyebrow and looking very much like her son.Hermione nodded her head firmly, once. "It's what he deserves. Draco didn't have the best life growing up. You and your husband put him through hell, time and time again- your husband more-so than you, I'll admit, but you did nothing to stop him. Draco was branded and inducted into the Death Eater society because he was forced to believe that it was the only way to survive the upcoming war- and it nearly killed him. For the last three years he'd been afraid to show himself in public because of the stares and glares that follow him."After all this time I think he deserves some peace, some normalcy- some happiness.""And you think you can give that to him?" Narcissa asked in a cold tone."I know I can." Hermione stated firmly. "But not without your help."For the first time that evening Narcissa looked taken aback as she blinked at the brunette before her. "You want my help?""I won't be able to find Draco without you. I've tried the Estate- but it's barricaded itself to me. If he's not there and he's not here- I don't know where else to look for him."Narcissa couldn't help but chuckle as she sipped her wine some more. "Miss Granger, the answer is simpler than you can imagine- I thought you were bright?""I am the brightest witch of my age," Hermione stated firmly."Thank you should be able to figure this out on your own, but if I really must spell it out for you-" Hermione bit her tongue to stop herself from lashing out as Narcissa smirked at her. "He went looking for you. He could still very well be at the Ministry, catching up with old friends and asking around for you."Hermione let out a relieved breath- it was obvious, of course. Why hadn't she thought of that? "Thank you." She turned to go, but Narcissa stopped her as she set her wine glass down on the mantle."My son has put a lot of faith in you, Miss Granger, and now so have I. I expect him to keep his powers, I expect him to fulfill his destiny- and I expect him to keep the Malfoy name in tact- or, as much in tact as it can be while being defiled by your unnatural blood." Hermione opened her mouth to respond but Narcissa stopped her with a raise of her hand. "You may as well get use to comments like that, Miss Granger. The Malfoy Family comes from a long line of pure bloods, as I'm sure you know by now. The sacred twenty eight won't take kindly to knowing that the Malfoy Family has been tainted with one such as you-"But times have changed. It's time they realize pure bloods can only marry within for so long, and that sometimes the best fit comes from the least expected place. I can't stand here and say I'm pleased my son is marrying someone from your heritage, but The Dragon has made it quite clear that you are my son's soul mate and one true love, and we can't fight destiny. All I ask is that you make him happy. Do you think you can handle that?"Hermione stared at the blonde and took in he features- the blue eyes, the straight demeanour, and the dress robes made of silk; she was a strong woman, but Hermione could see, just below the surface, the vulnerability she was fighting to hide. With a nod Hermione took two steps forwards and stuck her hand out, daring the Lady of the Manor to shake it. "I can handle anything."Narcissa slowly reached out and grasped her hand, shaking it up and down once before quickly letting go in order to pick up her wine glass. Hermione took that as a sign and left before Draco's mother said anything else.

A/NOkay... sooo... sorry in advance for this chapter. Please don't hate me- okay?I'm leaving it at that. Please R&R! "Thank you Coco," Draco said with a smile as the little elf led him out of Hermione's office and back towards the lifts. "If you hear from her-.""I will pass along your message, sir." Coco promised.With a nod Draco turned and waited for the lifts to come but as the doors opened he froze as he stared into the face of a man with flaming red hair- Ronald Weasley. Draco automatically took a step back and though his hand twitched for his wand he refused to withdraw it from the pocket of his robes. Ron, on the other hand, didn't hesitate as his wand was flung out and brandished in Draco's face within seconds.Draco raised his hands but Ron continued to advance, forcing Draco to take a few more steps back until his back was pressed against the wall. Draco had seen the red head angry on many occasions- no doubt due to his provokes and taunts- but he'd never seen him look quite so enraged. It meant only one thing: Hermione had told him- how much she'd revealed, he didn't know, but whatever she had said clearly had an effect on the youngest male Weasley.Draco had never been one to back down from a fight, especially when it involved the Weasel- but he knew how much this man meant to the woman he loved and if she found out he'd done anything to hurt Ron, Draco would never hear the end of it. Trying to mask his uneasiness Draco spoke in a quiet voice. "She'll hate you if you hex me."Ron growled and pushed the wand closer, the tip digging into Draco's chest as warmth emitted from it. His teeth were gritted and spittle flew form his mouth as he ground out, "you don't know anything about her."Draco couldn't help but chuckle, for he felt that, in this moment, he knew Hermione a lot better than Ron did: if Hermione were to walk in on this scene right now, Draco knew it wouldn't be he she would be upset with. "We've spent weeks together, Weasley. I think we know each other pretty well by now.""What did you do to her Malfoy?" Ron asked, his words slurring together in anger. "Did you enchant her somehow? Hermione would never- ever-!""The fact that you think Hermione could be enchanted speaks volumes, Weasley," Draco stated with a smirk. "She's too brilliant to fall for some stupid spell like that.""You could have drugged her-!""Impossible," Draco stated as he rolled his eyes. "Hermione is one of the best potion makers I've ever met. She can tell when her drink has been spiked.""You did something!" Ron snapped. "You had to have!"Despite the wand pressing into his chest Draco laughed and shook his head. "I was myself, Weasley, and she fell for me because of it. Who can blame her for that?"Ron snarled and before Draco could react he was on the ground; what spell Ron had used, he didn't know for it was used non-verbally, but it had knocked Draco off of his feet. Ron was raising his wand to strike again and Draco had no choice but to defend himself, shooting off the first spell he could think of as Ron fell to the ground, laughing hysterically. Through his laughter Ron managed to get another shot at him but it ricocheted off the wall and blasted a hole into an empty portrait frame. Draco ducked in order to protect himself when he felt it- the magic within him, the magic he couldn't control. His entire body began to warm and before he could do anything to stop it a blast shot out of him, grazed Ron, and landed in the same spot as Ron's did, making the hole larger.The commotion brought rushing footsteps and half a dozen Aurors came running from headquarters only to stop dead in front of Ron and Draco, who was still laying on the ground. They looked around at the damage that had been caused and before Draco could even get a word out Ron was pointing at him with a shaking finger. "Arrest him for the destruction of Ministry Property and attacking an Auror. The son-of-a-bitch raised his wand at me and I had no choice but to defend myself."Draco's eyes widened as the Aurors approached him without a second though, pining him to the ground as one confiscated his wand. Draco began to struggle, but quickly gave in knowing that if he fought them things would be worse.He was pulled to his feet and thrust forwards. As he faced the red head he couldn't help but notice the satisfied smirk that grazed Ron's face. "Rot in hell, Malfoy," he spat.Draco's eyes narrowed as the Auror's holding him turned him towards the lifts; the expression was quickly wiped from his face as the lift doors opened and Hermione rushed out of them looking anxious. She sped to a stop, her own eyes widening as she came face to face with Draco, arms bound behind his back. Her mouth opened and closed for a moment, unsure what she was seeing, until finally she turned to the Auror binding him. "Rascal, what is going on here? Unbind this man at once!" The Auror, Rascal, glanced behind him at Ron and it was only than that Hermione noticed the red head standing there. She gasped as her eyes landed on Ron, who's face was now pale and uncertain. "Ron? What is going on here!"Swallowing thickly Ron raised a hand and pointed it at the bound blonde. "He attacked me Hermione!""What?" Hermione turned her eyes to Draco again, but due to the bind he was unable to move. "That's impossible. Draco wouldn't-""Not only did he attack me but he caused damage to the Ministry! He's going to be taken to Azkaban until charges can be laid, and-.""Are you serious?" Hermione asked, her voice flat. "You can't just send him to Azkaban-.""I am an Auror and I can arrest anyone who breaks the law! Malfoy blasted a hole in a century old portrait and therefore he must pay the price! Not to mention he attacked an Auror, and-.""Ron, you can't send him to Azkaban!" Hermione insisted, starting to feel panicked. "I'm sure it was an accident and-.""He's going to get what he deserves, Mione," Ron stated angrily, his face flushed. "The bastard got away with his role in the war. I won't let him get away with another crime!" Before Hermione could say anything else he turned back to the Auror. "Take him away Rascal! I'll get Harry and we'll meet you at the prison in an hour."With a nod the Auror turned and began to leave. Once again the lifts opened and Blaise Zabini stepped out of them, a few pieces of paper in his hand. When he saw the scene before him his eyes swerved from Draco in binds, to a hysterical Hermione, and finally landed on an angry Weasley. Turning back to look at his old slippery friend Blaise asked, "what's going on?""Ron's arresting Draco!" Hermione said. "Zabini- you're an attorney! Draco needs your help, could you-.""Don't say another word, Granger," Blaise said as his eyes narrowed towards Ron. "What has my client done to deserve this?"Enraged at yet another interference Ron sneered, "not that it's any of your business, Zabini, but Malfoy attacked an Auror and caused damage to Ministry property. He's being taken to Azkaban while he awaits trial, and-.""What evidence do you have for these accusations?" Blaise demanded taking a step towards the red head. "What proof can you show? From what I see it's your word against his, and-.""I am an Auror and what I say goes," Ron snarled. "Take him away Rascal!" Ron demanded before turning on his heel and storming away towards the Auror office. Blaise glared after him for a moment before turning back to Hermione, who was staring, tears glistening in her eyes, as the lifts opened for a third time and Rascal shoved Draco into them. "Don't worry Granger, I'll take care of this.""He can't be in Azkaban, Zabini," Hermione insisted as the lift doors closed and Draco disappeared, without so much as a goodbye. She turned to face Blaise, a single tear falling down her face. "He has too much at stake-.""I know what's at stake here," Blaise stated firmly. "I was speaking with Draco mere hours ago. He came to the Ministry looking for you- clearly you weren't in your office.""I was at Malfoy Manor looking for him!" Hermione cried as she lowered her head into her hands. "Why didn't I think to check the Ministry sooner? Maybe I could have prevented this, or-."Blaise held up his hand, cutting her rant off as he stepped towards the hole in the portrait. As he studied it his voice lowered. "This doesn't look like Draco's work. His magic is more precise-.""Not when he can't control it," Hermione disagreed. "I've seen this kind of magic before- Draco's entire wing of Malfoy Estate was covered in blast holes exactly like this one. But Draco didn't do this on purpose, Zabini, and he shouldn't be punished for it. I'm almost certain Ron provoked him, and-."Blaise raised his hand. "I don't think Draco would have done anything that would get him arrested- not this close to his birthday.""You're his only chance," Hermione whispered. "Clearly Draco trusts you-.""He trusts me a great deal.""Than do whatever it takes to help him get out of there!"Blaise studied Hermione's hysterical eyes and tear streaked face, and nodded, a single firm nod. "I swear I will do everything in my power to get Draco out of there.""Thank you," Hermione whispered stepping away from him. She glanced towards her office door. "I need to go check on my assistant and the other elves- I've been gone far too long and if they heard any of that commotion-""Go."Hermione nodded and rushed off without another word. Blaise watched her, a curious expression on his face. Although Draco had said he had loved her, he wasn't entirely sure the Gryffindor could love him back- but the evidence was clear in front of him and he knew he had no other option- he had to free Draco and he only had eight days left to do it.Hermione rushed into her office to find all of her house elves hiding under their desks. Coco was shaking and tears were streaming down her face but the moment she spotted Hermione she ran forwards and launched herself at her, her little arms wrapping around her body tightly. Hermione held her firmly back as she soothed the small elf and patted her gently, whispering comforting words to her."Are you all okay?" Hermione asked as she gazed around the room. The elves nodded as one by one they all came to envelop Hermione until she was surrounded by them. Letting out a relived breath she finally stepped away so she could find out what was going on."Miss Hermione had a visitor," Coco said as she wiped tears from he eyes. "A handsome man who said he needed to see you. Sir said you's was coming back. Sir left you a letter. Sir-.""He left me a letter?" Hermione asked, interrupting Coco as her heart began to pound. "Where is it, Coco?""Coco left it on your desk, Miss Hermione."Lifting up her wand she summoned the letter from her open office door and stared at the familiar writing on the envelop- it was Draco's writing, she was sure of it. With shaking hands Hermione tore open the scroll and unwound it, her eyes moving quickly across the page.Hermione,I feel like were playing a game of- what do the muggles call it?- cat and mouse? See, I paid attention in muggle studies, despite the fact my father was furious at me for taking the class. It feels like regardless of where I go I seem to miss you, or you make it there after I do. So what better way to ensure you get my message than to leave one with your trusty assistant- cute, by the way, hiring house elves in your department. I can honestly say I wasn't expecting that.Anyways, I have good news- my mother doesn't think we need to be wed in nine days time. According to her, the curse has been mistranslated over the years. That's not to say it's not real- I still need to find my true love by than, and I think it's safe to say that I've found her. But in order to secure my powers and keep them intact we need to verbally declare our love for each other before midnight on my twenty first birthday, and marry within the year before I turn twenty two, otherwise the curse reactivates itself. No pressure, of course. Than again, I may have read too much into our night together. So, if you do, in fact, feel the same way as I do, than I ask that you meet me outside of the estate house tomorrow evening at nine- that way I have time to plan something even better than the night we've already had together. I'd understand completely, though, if this is too much too fast, and that you'd rather not be tied to me and my family. I won't hold anything against you if you don't show up.Seriously, Hermione, no pressure. Do whatever you feel comfortable doing. I don't want you to rush into anything you aren't ready for.Best regards,Draco MalfoyWiping tears away from er eyes Hermione glanced at Coco. "Did he say anything while he was here, Coco?""He's said you's was busy- but that you's was fine and would be here soon. He's was right, Miss.""We need to hep him," Hermione declared, swallowing past the lump in her throat. "We have to do something-""What exactly happened, Miss?" Coco asked.Hermione sniffled, "I don't know exactly- but when I arrived they were hauling him away and I guarantee he didn't do anything- not on purpose anyways! There's so much more to the story, so much they don't know about-." Hermione trailed off and bit her lip. "I have to get to Azkaban, I need to plead his case!""What can we do to help?" Coco asked, gesturing at the other house elves around.Hermione wracked her brain for a moment. "I need all the information you can find on accidental magic in adults, particularly those who may have bene arrested for releasing it and getting into trouble- and I need it as soon as possible. In the meantime I'm going to go to Azkaban and see if I can find out the whole story of what happened here today. I can't help Draco if I don't have all the details.""Yes, Miss Hermione." Coco bowed and disappeared with a pop, followed by four other elves. Heaving a sigh Hermione left her office and headed towards the lifts; despite the fact that all she wanted to do was curl up in a ball and cry in her office she knew she had to remain strong, Draco was counting on her, and she's do everything she could to help.
