The story of Rose Lillian Potter.Chapter 001.Updates.Saturday, October 24 2020: Altered and lengthened to closing of the chapter and added AN to the end.Eleven-year-old Harry James Potter, First-year student of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry stood frozen in a dusty old classroom deep in the bowels of the castle he had spent the past several months. The classroom reeked heavily of the garlic that was so well associated with the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor.The man standing before him wasn't the one he had been expecting.'Professor Quirell?' Harry gasped.Professor Quirrell had his back turned to him, 'yes...I wondered if you would be joining us, Mr. Potter,' Harry desperately tried to equate the new equation, but was unable to...'I, I thought Snape?''Severus? Yes, he does seem the type, doesn't he. Next to him, who would ever suspect little old st-st-stuttering Professor Quirrell.''But Snape, he tried to kill me!''No, no, no Mr. Potter, I tried to kill you, were it not for Severus and that mudblood Granger.'Sent into a blind rage. Harry drew his wand to cast the first spell. However, before he could even start to think of an incantation Professor Quirrell turned sharply on his heel, silently guiding his wand through a flurry of flicks.Harry soon found himself with his back lying on the cold damp stone floor, bound tightly by a very thick rope.'Well, well, we seem to have struck a nerve. Very interesting indeed. I could very easily kill you now Mr. Potter. Nevertheless, my master wants to deal with you himself' Professor Quirrel continued, before turning his attention back to whatever was in front of him, falling silent for a while.The silence was only interrupted by the occasionally frustrated growl from Harry's former teacher.'Use the boy... use the boy.' a bone-chilling voice broke in as if the very air itself was bending to serve a new dark master.'Yes, of course, you're always right my lord. Potter is the key to this.' Quirrell replied before turned to facing Harry once more. 'You'll come here, Mr. Potter!'Abruptly, it was as if all the air within Harry had been stolen from him, and he started to struggle to replace it as he helplessly found himself floating towards Quirrell and the object the stood behind them.Harry found himself standing before a familiar ornate mirror. Sparking a memory he had never revisited since the event took place.'So- Back again, HarryHarry felt as if his insides had been turned to ice. He turned behind him. Sitting on a desk against the wall was none-other than Albus Dumbledore. Harry must have walked right past him, so desperate to get to the mirror, he hadn't noticed him.'I-I didn't see you, sir.''Strange how short-sighted being invisible can make you,' Said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.'So' Dumbledore continued slipping off the desk to join Harry on the floor, 'you like hundreds before you have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.Back in present, Harry floated in front of The Mirror of Desire: a self-explaining name for such an enchanting object Harry realized, gazing into it now though, he didn't see his family as expected.However, only two people, himself and Hermoine holding hands and smiling, Hermoine let go and handed the Harry in the mirror, a blood-red stone, placing it in his pocket.afterwards she gave him a shy smile after that a peck on the cheek followed one-armed hug giving the Harry outside the mirror a wink, then both vanished; a sudden weight in Harry's pocket brought him back to reality.'Tell me what you see boy, or you will die here and now, by the dark lord's hand!'The invisible grip around Harry's throat became increasingly tight, making it near impossible to breathe and speak.'I see P-P-Professor Dumbledore a-a-and m...m...myself, he-he is shaking my hand, I-I have w-won the house cup f-for Gry-' He managed to stammer in reply before the grip rendered it impossible to speak... he didn't dare to tell what he had truly seen.Still tied up, and with the stone in his pocket pressed uncomfortably hard against his leg, which had a warm liquid running down it, there was no getting away.Harry quickly found himself flung through the air, landing painfully upon the cold damp floor once more, his head feeling like his brain had started to rattle uncontrollably inside his skull, the faint sound of running liquid in his ears.Turning his attention back to the mirror, Quirrell cursed.The bone-chilling voice whispered.'But master, you are still weak.''I have strength enough for this.' The voice replied in a dreadful whisper.Soon the former professor reached up to his purple turban, and slowly unwrapped it from around his head.When it fell to the floor at Quirrell's feet. Harry found, anothis face, its eyes red as blood, filled with absolute hate.'Harry James Potter, hailed by all as The-Boy-Who-Lived.' The face said after a moment. 'Do you see what you have reduced me to, mere shadow and vapor of what I once was. I'm nothing but a parasite!' The face snarled as it shouted.Voldemort took a number of calming breaths before continuing. 'Young Quirinus hunted me to whise I was hiding. He believed it easy for him to end me. Believing he held all the cards. He truly wanted you to have a normal life. Such a sentimental fool. Something about owning a debt to your mothis. You see; this was the only way I could take a corporal form.' The face explained while Quarrel made gestures with his arms and hands.Yes, he was very reluctant to join me, but Ipersuaded' him that his 'sacrifice' would be worthwhile, hmm; you look a little uncomfortable Harry,' with a disturbing smile; Voldemort flicked his wand, removing the bindings from Harry, then continued his tale as Harry stood up cautiously.' Now after what you did to me ten years ago, you have escaped me twice. The Philosopher's stone that you carry in your pocket. It will allow me to continue my work,' Voldemort explained... 'I could give you back your parents if you joined me, Harry, all you need to do is to give me the stone.'Harry backed away shaking his head... 'LIAR... I'LL NEVER JOIN YOU!''Don't be a fool,' snarled the face. 'much better to save your own life and join me... or you'll face the same fate as your Parents.' Quirrell was at present walking backwards at him so that Voldemort could still see him. The face was at this moment in time smiling as it watched Harry shakily draw his wand from the floor and quarrel stopped, 'good; I always value bravery... yes, boy; your parents were very brave... let us see how far your education has taken you. CRUSIO!'It was as if large sharp needles stabbed deeply into his skin constantly, overwhelming him while his skin was most sensitive. Harry couldn't even cry out or gasp for breath. He desperately wanted it all to simply end.Just as Harry could breathe again, tears had started flooding his eyes. Voldemort gave a feral smile, like a cat that was toying with its dinner.'oh... it seems Hogwarts isn't the school it used to be... CRUSIO!'The needles returned in force, forcing old wounds to reopen, and cutting out new ones. Soon black dots started to dance in Harry's tear flooded eyes, why wasn't he allowed to just rest in peace?Then the needles withdrew once more just before Harry could pass out. 'Yes, we are quite done.' Voldemort whispered 'and so ends the Tale of The-Boy-Who-Lived. AVADA KEDAVRA!'Harry's vision filled with neon green light, followed by bright gold, all the while Harry was filled head to toe with incredible blinding pain the likes that couldn't be described. The last Harry heard before the world around him faded to black was an ear-shattering scream.In black emptiness, Harry found a golden light… The golden snitch, he tried to reach out and grab it, but his arms were far too heavy to move, his whole body felt sore and unmoveable.Soon light flooded into existence as Harry finally opened his eyes.The snitch was replaced with his black wire-frame glasses, and beyond them, the smiling face of one Albus Dumbledore, looking very much relieved.'Good afternoon, Harry,' said Dumbledore.Harry stared at him for a moment. Then the memories started flooding back into his consciousness as if coming back from a reboot.'Sir! The stone! It was Quirrell! He has the stone! Sir- quick-' Harry grasped clutching his chest, as it started to flare.'Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times,' replied Professor Doumbledore gesturing with his hands, I can assure you Quirrell does not have the stone.'Harry looked baffled… behind indeed.'Then who does? Sir, I-''Harry, please relax, or I'm afraid that Madam Pomfrey will have me turfed out.'Despite the roaring pain throughout his body, Harry took the time to take in his surroundings… one more Harry found himself in the Hospital wing. He was laying in bed in white linen sheets and next to him was a table piled high with what looked like to be half a sweet-shop.'Tokens from close friends and admires,' exploded the aged headmaster beaming. 'What happened between you and Professor Quirrell was a completely secret, so naturally the whole school knows. I believe Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a lavatory seat m. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic. And confiscated.''H-how long have I been here Professor?''Three days. Miss Granger will be thrilled when she returns, personal hygiene forces her elsewhere, as for Me Weasley, I'm afraid for unknown reasons he seems to be keeping his distance from you.'Harry let news set in, not sure what to make of Ron's actions giving a staggered and difficult breath. 'A-and - the stone?'Professor Doumbledor smiled a little. 'You are not easily distracted. Professor Quarrel was unable to remove the stone from your person, I arrived to prevent that from happening and pulled him off of you, though I will admit that you were doing extremely well on your own.' He paused a moment as if collecting himself. 'I was afraid that I may have been too late-.''HARRY!' A familiar female voice cried out, and Harry found himself on the receiving end of a bushy haired torpedo. Dumbledore chuckled, smiling briefly until Hermoiny jumped in and hugged Harry causing him wince and cry out under extreme pain throughout his body and Hermoine to jump back'Oh god! Harry, I'm so sorry! W-what happened?!'Dumbledor took the opportunity to re-engage the conversion'Yes I was just about to get to that, I'm afraid to say that your struggle has taken a great strain both on your magical core, and… your physical body endured more punishment than it could handle. 'I'm afraid that unless some action is taken or Madam Pomfrey is greatly mistaken you will set out on your next great adventure in about a week's time, the pain you have been feeling, is your body slowly giving out.Hermoine was shaking her violently, tears running down her cheeks. While Harry sat in bed emotionally numb, clinging to who he now considers his closest friend and best friend.'Pro-professor, there must be something.' Hemoine asked between tears her hand softly combing through Harry's hair.'Dumbledore nodded, 'there is, but isn't an alternative to be taken lightly, there is an extremely regulated binary potion, by the name Mutatio Autem Genus.''Binary potions?' Hermoiny askedThe headmaster nodded, 'they are potions that have to be split in two because some of the ingredients used in the brewing are extremely incompatible… all of the binary potions are regulated by the ministry, and are illegal to brew outside ministry control and permission, some of them illegal out right and punishable to sentencing to spend the rest of one's life in Azkaban. A wizarding Prison off the English east coast to the North Sea.'Professor, does the potion do what I think it does.' Hermoine questioned gripping Harry's hand, for her own comfort as much for his.Doumbledor's baby blue eyes twinkled, 'and what do you believe the potion to do?''W-well, I have spent a lot of time before school started studying Latin, roughly translated it means to change gender… is… is that what the potion does?''You are correct, Miss Granger, that is indeed what it does, before the first Wizarding war with Voldemort, there were a great many more wizards and Witches Residing within Britannia. Inheritance became a large problem among wizards, to the point where two brothers would duel each other to the death. Thus the potion was made to avoid the situation as women aren't able to inherit a Noble household… unless certain thresholds are met. and yes Your mother Mr Potter, made it very clear how sexist and barbaric she viewed the practice..Hermoine glared indictly 'hmff! Rightly so!' She stated crossing her arms m her brows furrowed.Albus smiles kindly though refrained from commenting.'S-so, I don't really have a choice.' Harry sighed bringing Hermoine out her heat.'Harry, my boy, you always have a choice.' Doumbledore replies. 'Some choices you'll find though, are easier than others.'Hermoine squeezed Harry's hand, lightly, I know you would have a lot of adjustments but, I will always be here for you. You're a great Wizard, and you would be as great a witch.' She continued.'N-not a-as gr-great as you.' Harry stammers out his voice laced in pain.Hermoine cheeks seemed to quickly turn a dark shade of rosy red."Books! And cleverness! There are more important things - friendship and bravery - Oh Harry! she finally sighed, pulling him into a carefully but loved filled hug. 'We'll get through this Harry,' she continued, forcing herself to smile as tears ran down her cheek, another hour of idle talk and madam Pomfrey returned, and forced Hermoine to return to her dorm for curfew.though not before Hermoine leaned down and gently pressed her lips against Harry's cheek, then left silently, leaving Harry to drift to sleep under the aid of pain relief potion and a dreamless sleep potion.This used to be a separate note, however for simplicity I will be adding this to the first chapter of every story I have.Due to couple of mean spirited guest reviews for Hillary Jain Potter, I have started moderating all reviews, I will not tolerate such behaviour in my review sections, any future comments of such nature will be deleted without warning, the offending comments have been seance removed from the review section however have also been copy pasted bellow to be used as examples.here are the offending reviews.Naruto Fan chapter 1. (Thursday August 20th 2020)A male thinking he's a female doesn't make him one. Stop with the SJW BS. Seriously there are only two sexes male and female so either you have your version of HP with a screwed up way of thinking or you messed up and confused the gender.Guest chapter 1. (Friday May 22nd 2020)Transgender is a sickness and not natural.people have a right to view themselves in a way they want view themselves without being bullied by others into thinking there is something wrong with them.I'll repeat my self, Such reviews will not be tolerated, and all future reviews of such a nature will be deleted without warning.thank you for your time hope you enjoy the story.
