Harry Potter was highly unusual in many ways. For one, he didn't have to live in an orphanage, despite his parents being dead. For another, he really wanted to go to school, but he had to focus on earning his keep with the Dursleys: Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and his cousin Dudley. And he also happened to be a chimney sweep's apprentice.It was nearly dawn and Harry and his fellow climbing boys -and girl- were sleeping black. The cloth and sacks Master Edwin used to capture fallen soot draped over them, bodies shaking nonetheless from the cold seeping through the dirty cellar floor.Harry untangled himself from the heap of bodies first. Treading with care as not to wake anyone up, feet unsteady. He shivered. Wrapping his jacket around him for warmth, eyeing his friends with their rising and falling chest with a glint in his eyes. Tempting. So very tempting. But Master Edwin would come soon. Shrill voice jolting them awake and among the hustle, Harry would miss the opportunity to wash up, be late and suffer Edwin's wrath.What would Uncle Vernon and Petunia say when Master Edwin complained to them? Hurtling Harry back home and declaring him useless? Uncle Vernon wouldn't take his small physique as an excuse and no doubt throw him out. Screaming that no sissy boy deserved to be housed under his roof.He shuddered again, not cold, and when he was ready enough the lofty steps of Edwin's boots echoed behind the door. A momentary fumbling of keys and the wood hurled open, smashing against the wall with enough force to wake the others.And if that wasn't enough to stir the heaviest of sleepers (namely Oliver), the ragged shouting certainly was."Wake up, 'ye useless clotpoles!" Erwin boomed, snatching the blanket from over the boys. Draping the fabric and sacks over his soot-stained jacket while the five others withdrew with sharp flinches. Sleep induced and tripping over their feet in the result, they scurried off to the morning routine none were too pleased to share.For once, Harry -thirteen year old and not showing it- watched. Sight a blur of shapes and shadow. Running wild like the thoughts in his mind. Another day. Another sun. And Harry Potter has woken once more to the void in his chest eating away the heart he prided himself to have. Oldest he might be, to these children… a brother that they didn't have and the hope they would better be without… but the light from life was starting to dim for him after all. Oliver… John… Little Joe and the only girl, Marie-Lue... All lined beside him, ash and dark and clothes that were never meant to be theirs.Another clench of his heart and Harry faced forward.Edwin, scowling in the face Edwin, took them in with a grunt. Eyes narrowed. Searching for a toe out of line, as the thought bolted in their minds , "That all of you?" he asked, adjusting his cap.Harry nodded, curtly, and only because the rest did not. Clenching his jaw hard enough to rattle his teeth, Harry allowed the man his petty fun of spitting at their feet. The hands clasped behind his back jarring his skin, drawing angry gashes over the ones already lining them."A'ight. Off with you all, then," Edwin said, banging his cane against the metal rails. Making small Marie, only six, flinch and duck her head. Launching for Harry's hand when Edwin marched up the steps, head ducking to get past the door when his hat almost fell off.Despite himself, despite what he told everyone in the business, Harry squeezed back. Hard flesh against Marie's soft, innocent skin snagged by two weeks of labour. Tears already forming, trails against red skin. The disappointment Harry had to learn to leave behind as not to stagger. As to win. As to earn his keep.As to earn the love that he now doubted he deserved to have.London, on this summer morning, wore fresh fog. Cold fumes, dirty and from the mines and factories. The ones the adults assumed as progress and what the children assumed as early death. Harry squeezed again, against better logic. Meeting Oliver's eye -the second oldest- and shaking his head. Oliver raised a brow and turned back around. And left. Left him all alone. Fending for the girl, whimpering and weak when he wasn't anything more.When the cart, a feverish clutter of dark shapes appeared, Harry tugged, pulling the girl closer. Eyes lifting from under the cap to eye Edwin, now smoking Edwin, and leant down to her ear."Marie," he whispered, sharp as winter snow, "You have to stop crying."Marie sniffled, shaking her head. She lifted an arm, wiped her eyes. Fast and fuming, though not scared, "I want to go home. To mummy and daddy."Mummy and daddy. The words winked from the corners of nightmarish nights. Glinting in the stars that sang of them, rose for others. Harry risked another look. This time Oliver nodded in his stead and Harry sighed. When he stopped walking, Mary slammed against his back.Her fingers lifted. Cradling the bridge of her nose, now tutted red and glanced up. Slow and trembling. The wind sweeping loose strands of black, once blond and no more the silk it used to be. Harry's hair wasn't much the same. Reddish-black now soothed dark and rough under the cap.Harry lifted a single finger to his lips, olive-skin and not from the soot, "We have to stop crying. Alright, Marie? Your-" he bit on his lips, blinking hard, "Your Mummy and Daddy aren't here... yet. So you must- you have to... you should be strong, yeah? You're a strong girl. Mummy and Daddy want little girls to be strong because everyone loves strong little girls," he whispered, standing up and tugging on her hand, walking faster to keep up.Marie-Lue sniffed. Wiping the soiled tears from her eyes -brown, doe eyes- and looked up when they stood in line to get on the carriage, "Will Mummy and Daddy love me when I'm strong?"Harry stared. Stared until Edwin was behind him. A hand smacking down on his neck, ripping off his cap and barking at his face. Smoke and spit coiling around Harry's nose. Taking most of the willpower Harry had to not scrunch.He bent down for his cap. Thanking Marie-Lue by lifting her into the cartridge for finding it, he jumped on. He took the seat at the very end for his tardiness and Marie-Lue cuddled to his side, rubbing her head against his chest. The others watched. Harry watched them back. Little Joe and Oliver... David and Rory and Harry number two (or as they called him Mums, since he never talked), all small and searching. All learnt of affection here, or the lack thereof. Not to look for it. Not to search for it. Keep the yearning inside you, where it won't come to harm you.And still, yearn you would.The carriage jolted. The children jolted with them. The driver's whips sliced the air, earning a shrill whine from the 'beast' that didn't look like it could pull anything but its own weight."Harry," Marie whispered, only six and so small, "Will they come back for me if I'm strong?"A family walked in his mind. Happy and laughing. A woman wearing dark blue robes and a man wearing a suit, smart and something Harry saw on the glass one freezing Christmas two years back. Getting a shaky look before the tailor chased him back, screaming about how he would scare off customers. He only found him because Harry had left his soot in the snow. Betraying him in the ally where he lied, frozen and beaten with blood in his teeth.Bad Christmas. But he'd seen his parents there and begged to join them. In his mind, his mother black-haired and kind-eyed. His father red-haired and green-eyed and only because he once saw a heard of red-heads and their own father in town. Poor, not well off but happy all the same. Happy. And Harry would doubt Aunt Petunia in these instances. How poverty, while making those five children Happy, made Harry Potter's parents leave him on his Aunt's doorstep one summer night.One summer night thirteen years ago, and even now Aunt Petunia refused to say anymore.And Harry wouldn't either.He cleared his throat. The girl, only a girl, looked up and returned Harry's smile, though it didn't resemble the grimace on Harry's face, "We'll pray for it.""Every night?""Every night.""Will you teach me?"Harry paused and looked up. Oliver regarded him with narrow eyes and crossed brows. The look Harry had become better at ignoring over the years.And ignore he did."I will. I promise. We'll pray... we'll pray for a family."Marie nodded. Harder than necessary and held up a curled pinky finger, "And for food. Yummy food, like in the big town."Harry opened his mouth. David, eight years old, talked instead, "And clothes."Rory, ten and a half, "And a warm house!"Mums, who communicated with hands alone, clasped his hands and faked sleep, winking at them when the rest fell into soft laughter.Well, most of them anyway. Little Joe joined in, despite not having said anything But Oliver stood stern. Cocking his head when Edwin -bastard Edwin- twisted his head with nasty threats of no dinner. Took Harry and Marie-Lue with a look that promised far more and turned back to the front with a grunt.Harry heard the curse. But smiled at Marie. Only Marie. Taking her finger with his own and shook, a deal well made. An oath well earned, "I promise, Marie."And Marie grinned with hope Harry had lost. She hugged with strong arms. Warm and still alive, and her breath fell soft and steady while Harry watched her closed eyes. Tufting a strand away from her face, Harry leaned back on the wood. Pulling his jacket tighter around himself, against the summer wind that sang of winter. Of sleep. Of today.The today masked by tall, grey buildings that swam in hasty shapes. Tall and beautiful and alive. Parents and children and families that were warm and not some wind to jolt them out a dream that wasn't real. Just them, and warm fires and someone's presence to look forward to. Despite the cold. Despite the fog. And no matter what London or England could be, a family it would stay.He frowned.And then Harry prayed.London, for all it's worth, was less grime and more stares. And climbing down from the carriage in an unfamiliar neighbourhood was always foreign and strange. Edwin called them all identical. So did Harry, with the shapes and colours so familiar in his eyes that he needed someone to tell him which house was which when Edwin wasn't looking.Taking one large sheet over his shoulder, Edwin turned to the street. Cupping a hand over his mouth and shouting with a voice no longer raspy, "Soot- Oh, Sweep!" over and over until there were at least two people peeked through their blinds, their curtains closing just as quick when they caught sight of them.Edwin clearly didn't mind being at the receiving end of the glares from the residence. Or he was good at hiding it. Or that these particular glares weren't as bad, seeing as most the buildings here belonged to tradesmen and shopkeepers, judging by the signs that lined over the brick architecture."A'ight," Edwin turned to the line of children. Dropping a pale sheet over each of their arms, he swept a look over each of them as he passed, the only black eye on his face seizing up Harry when he stopped in front of him, "You come with me."And with a sharp jab to his chest, Harry followed. Not sparing a glance behind him, Harry squared shoulders. Throwing the worn sheet over his shoulder and stuttering to the sidewalk.Harry's feet shuffled on the cobblestone. Cold, due to the holes in the soles and the socks that thinned to strings. Edwin didn't look behind him. Grumbling now and again to a passerby, complaining about their dress or shoes or the riches they most likely possessed and Harry was once again reminded of Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. They too took great pleasure in gossip and complaint, sneering at anyone who looked to be better off them in any detail. Gloating over the souls that were unfortunate enough to have the little they didn't. Though, Harry couldn't call their assets little. With their servant and three large bedrooms and the kitchen that never seemed to lack food, they certainly weren't poor. And taking in Harry at a young age and keeping him in the cupboard under the stairs and rarely feeding him could hardly diminish their wealth. Especially when Dudley's birthday gifts showed a visible accumulation over the years.Harry, called back from his daydream by bumping against Edwin's back, looked up. Ducking his head at Edwin's scowl, he shuffled his weight from one foot to the other. Nodding when Edwin barked at him to wait outside. His ears pricking at the sound of the bell, though his eyes did not falter from the cracked stone on the ground. Interesting stone it was. Cracked, dark and not ugly like Edwin. Harry leaned against the glass, crunching the pebbles with his toes.His breath swirled in a white mist over his mouth and nose. Unsteady. Breaking. And his fascination lasted the three minutes Edwin spent inside before he was dragged in. Arm burning even after Edwin let go.The shop, in question, was warm. Not the uncomfortable warm that lasted two rare days of summer. Or the chimneys he climbed with their suffocating heat. No, this warmth was tender. This warmth smelled sharp of herbs and teas and flowers he didn't know. Of medicines terrible and strange that reminded him of... well, he wasn't sure.But it smelled of home.Either way, Harry made sure to keep his head down. Made sure that his eyes, green and not to everyone's liking hid behind his cap. Stay out of sight. If you can't, stay silent. Be the next best thing and keep still. Mummys and Daddys only like quiet, obedient kids, don't you know Potter? Not some scrawny dark-skinned boy with knobbly knees. Harry nodded, reluctant. But the voice in his head disappeared all the same. Leaving behind a chuckle and a slap on his neck.Harry sputtered. And then met the eyes of the client.Black, piercing, angry. Dressed all in black and a not someone Harry would like to meet on a midnight traverse. And though Harry's eyes dropped the black shirt, the man's did not. Continuing to listen to Edwin with his eyes not lingering."We settled on the price, then?""I suppose it's an adequate amount, in return for your, ah deliverance," the man said, smooth but snide, and Harry's head lifted in surprise. Breath jerking because the man was still looking and it wasn't what Harry would consider in his favour.A moment of silence. Then, "This way, please. I had the chimney in the shop swept not a while ago. The same cannot be said for the one in my personal quarters and laboratory," and he led them around the brown oak counter to a door behind a shelf of jars and glass bottles. Opening the door that led a flight of stairs, shadow drawn and narrowed between two black walls.Edwin cleared his throat, making the man turn around. His shoulder-length black hair falling curtain around his face,"Eh, Mr Snape-""Professor Snape,"Edwin clenched his fist, "Of course. Professor Snape. Do you want another worker for the second chimney, or would this lad be of use?"For Professor Snape, the question must not have been an easy one. His brows knitted closer and the lean form hunched forward, long arms crossing over his chest.And then the Professor did something that made Harry stagger down a step.He kneeled to his height. Taking the arm that wasn't holding the brush and sheet. And with a touch that should not have been gentle, squeezed.It was in no way familial. Nor parental and no matter how much the scent of the shop swirled the man, Harry told himself it wasn't home.He wasn't home. But now, with his dark eyes soot-black and searching, Harry's breath did hitch and his heart fell into an unsteady run. Fast, uneven and to his dismay, something the professor noticed. How he knew, Harry couldn't say. But after that bony finger slithered to his wrist and pressed down, the professor knew.The arched brow complemented his features. With those sharp and high cheekbones, and the lingering suspicion that the professor wasn't just a professor bothered Harry. Not much, but enough to take another step back before he was cornered by Edwin. Snatching his wrist back, Harry rubbed the skin and faced away.Professor Snape, quick to let go and quicker in gaining back his decorum, stood up. He clasped his hands behind him, and with a look positively bored, faced Edwin, "He will suffice, assuming that your...climbing boys clean more than a chimney per day.""Oh, yes. Mark me words, five and six if their luck. The economy as it is… Need some income, you know, not that you yourself-"Professor Snape held out a hand. And Harry allowed himself to grin under his cap at the way Edwin's face morphed into surprise and then rage."Yes yes. Very drastic. God bless the Queen. Now," he then turned, resuming the rest of the climb, "If you'd follow me?"They complied. But the sneer that pulled on Edwin's lips couldn't mean he was pleased. Harry could almost read the man's mind, after spending four years with the man. Something between a scoff and a chuckle sounding from his lips when Edwin's voice echoed in his mind. Complaining in a rigid voice, stomping over and over his mechanical brush while cursing at every professor that came to be.He hid it, of course. Behind a cough and a grin bit back, just in time for Professor Snape to open the door (oak and dark) on the landing, giving way a large living area.And it was nothing like Harry imagined.A dark shadow followed Professor Snape. In the corner, in his heart. A shadow that sneered and scowled and growled like a beast and Harry assumed... well, it wasn't right to make assumptions. No. But with the warm chocolate walls, wooden tiles beneath multiple dark green carpets and furniture that was welcoming more than menacing, Harry could admit that his taste wasn't half bad. Sure, the space was small. With a chimney in the corner below layers of shelves and a long couch and single armchair, there wasn't much area left to the circular dining table and two chairs, as well as the kitchen area lining the opposite wall. All warm and colours of dull brown and green. Not wild, not snark but some comfort to his eyes nonetheless."You have a nice house," Harry said, soft, certain. Then immediately clamped a hand over his mouth when the man's head whirled around. Making dear Harry pinch the inside of his palm and avert his eyes.A slap on the back of the head was Edwin's -cruel and disgusting Edwin's- response. Along with a hiss in the ear to behave while he apologised to the Professor, hands clasped together in apology, back bent.Disgusting. And people thought the kid's kissed up to others.Professor Snape waved a dismissed hand, one hand still behind his back, "I do not mind. Now, I'm a rather busy man. Hence I ask you to be quick about it, Mr Edwin.""Yes yes. Of course," Edwin said, honeyed. Grabbing Harry around the cuff the next second and dragging him across the parlour to the well-furnished chimney. He kneeled down to his knees, bones groaning in protest. Grabbing hold of the metal long holder and removing it from the hearth. Then, he lifted up a hand and Harry passed him the white cloth. All the while the Professor sat in his armchair.And watched.Harry wasn't about to return the gesture. So while Professor Snape watched Edwin lay the cloth over the hearth, Harry watched the ornaments that lined over the mantelpiece. Particularly a single picture showing a younger Professor Snape and a woman, long-haired and beautiful and laughing along with the man, pointing at the person taking the picture.Edwin's voice rose him, and Harry was once more pushed forward. Stumbling and finding his support on the brick fireplace.Professor Snape watched.Professor Snape didn't say a word."Eh," Edwin cleared his throat, "Will you be here, Professor Snape?""Why yes. I find it impractical to leave children unsupervised, considerably so when dealing with... hazardous tasks.""I's keeping 'em supervised, Professor."Professor Snape's arched brow was nothing short of humiliating. Seizing Edwin in a mock question and doubt, "Whatever for?""...You're keeping him under lock and-"Professor Snape held out a hand and Harry indulged himself in another grin at the pale-faced Edwin. Almost liking the man who was now crossing his slender legs, pants pulling high enough to share a glimpse of his black socks, "I shall endeavour to be abundantly clear. I am keeping the boy under supervision so I keep up my honour as a responsible man with proper moral. You, Mr Edwin, have a charge of children needing to be taken care of, to my precise knowledge, and no time to waste. The boy will do fine, and my chimney is in no rush.""We always keep on the lookout, Professor Snape. We-""Are not in a shop your opinions are favoured, as I have made clear to every single sweeper to cross into my quarters. The boy alone, please. You may collect him in, hmm, on your way back from a neighbourhood that hasn't been cleaned just yesterday by another hoard of children."These things happen, Harry told himself. Running a hand down the shelf, brows disappearing in his blob of hair when his finger came back dust-free. Some others were quicker. Sweeping the neighbourhood clean and making them search for another. Making the children grin while Edwin got scolded by the tenants of the houses. But never was it as fun as this."Whatever... whatever shall the boy do, when done with 'em both?"Professor Snape rolled his eyes, "Ensnare me, Mr Edwin. Actually, no. Rather not. But I imagine that in an apothecary, there is enough work to humour a senile child. I am a busy man and having some additional aid would be much appreciated. Of course," he added, looking right into Edwin's eyes, a smirk twisting his lips, "You'll receive the payment necessary."In a twist of fate called 'money', Edwin's crooked back straightened and Harry didn't even have the time to be offended at the word 'senile' before a nasty crack came from his spine, making Harry wince and Professor Snape's mouth twitch. Black eyes glaring at Edwin's hand, which was shaking the Professor's vigorously."That's a deal if I've ever seen one," Edwin said with a toothless grin and only Harry noticed the Professor wiping his hand on a handkerchief after he stood up and led them both to the door. But Edwin turned around just before disappearing. Back arched and on his toes to peek above the Professor's shoulder, a finger jabbing the air rather sharply."An' don' forget to buff it, boy!"A muscle twitched near Harry's eye. And when the door closed, masking the last of their ceasing steps, Harry rolled his eyes. Most adults in his life treated him in the same sense as the Dursleys and Edwin. Stupid, ignorant, arrogant, nuisance, burden… And a couple more which were less mundane. But stating the obvious to his face always got Harry's blood pumping the worst of ways and anger was never slow to follow.So when a cough from behind him interrupted him from striping from his pants, anger and surprise found themselves equally alive.Professor Snape, already by the door, had his arms crossed. Scowl still in his face, though less at ease snapped, "What are you doing?" eyeing Harry's hands.Harry frowned, "Buffing it, sir?""What?""It's to go in nude, Professor," Harry explained, patiently, like he supposed the Professor did at school. But when the scowl deepened, he grinned. Likely not, "It's easier to clean that way. Less likely to get stuck."Professor Snape hummed while Harry got rid of the remainder of his clothes. Now a nasty pile beside the heath, Harry greeted the man with a mock salute before entering the hearth, heart already thumping wild. This was fine. He'd done this before. For years, since the day Uncle Vernon finally kicked him out of the house and Annabeth helped him pack his bag, tears in both their eyes, he'd done this before. No need to throw a tantrum now at the sight of the dark, narrow chute that could mean a possible death with a single wrong movement.No need at all.So Harry breathed. Readied himself by pulling up by the walls and climbed. Using his arms and legs, he hoisted himself up. His brush ridding the flue line of the black soot. Keeping his head down as to breath as little as the poisonous material into his lunges, body moving much like a caterpillar up the line.Little help that did, Harry sneered. Over the years he'd spent, climbing chimney after chimney, always panic and little fun, the soot would get to him sooner or later. Suffocating him in an alleyway where nobody cared.Little left to take his mind off things, Marie-Lue smiled at him in the darkness and their clasped fingers were close behind.And then, Harry prayed.Prayed for love. Prayed for a family.Prayed for a mother and a father and wouldn't a brother just be perfect? A little family away from the world, away from the soot that would care not because they had to because Harry was Harry and that was all he had to be.Under the cap, no one heard him cry.That was a harsh reality to live and when his head shot through the chute, another day alive, the wind bit at his cheeks and burned his lungs clean.A harsh reality. An unfair life but Harry was always complaining, wasn't he? And adults complained about their complaining and loved to remind them life wasn't a silver platter and he would have to live his way through it.There's always a fine line between living and surviving.Adults told him to live. Live in the only way he could: Survive.Harry wanted to live, as the sun dawned upon the roofs. Silver and pale but nothing short of a sight when the bricks and steel glinted in the light of a new day. Harry wanted to live as he slipped back down, having enough of the London city tops starting to bustle with life.Wanted to live when he was falling fast. Faster than he should have. Wanted to live when he regained his hold to cushion his fall, still fast but not fast enough to die.Even when the Professor's face, wild with concern, danced in his view before finally, he closed his eyes.Black as soot.Peaceful as the night.

When Harry woke up, his body ached and heat suffocated his throat. The warmth driving him senseless and afraid until a tug in his mind reminded him where he was -what had happened - yet immediately failing him when a hand, cold and comforting, landed on his forehead. Lean fingers drew his hair back and placed a cold, wet rag on his forehead. The water slid down his head, tickling his skin.The hand left, and Harry moaned. Trying to lift his head for a better view before he was pushed down, stern fingers lead him by the shoulders and Harry complied.Cold, hot, burning, freezing.He fought to stay awake while the voices around him danced - broken, angry. Snippets of words leaked through the cracks."...fever still up… tomorrow…""...can't… work… Have to take him…"One silky, the other very familiar. Not Uncle Vernon, but close enough that Harry whimpered. Shaking his head from side to side because no. Not Uncle Vernon. Not here. Not Uncle Vernon, please-Uncle Vernon snorted, sauntering closer to the presence that was already beside Harry. A shadow loomed over his frame before the hand intervened. The owner slid between the shadow, slender but not Aunt Petunia, strong but not Uncle Vernon.Stern and not afraid."...Tomorrow…. need to discuss… unlicensed…"And then, Uncle Vernon was gone. The floor shaking under his weight, the door slamming after him, rippling the water in the basin beside Harry's head - rhythmic, appeasing. Afterwards, the rag left and came back colder than before, lulling him to sleep -despite the fingers that pried the sheets from him, despite the cold, despite the whimpers. For at the end, the voice did speak to him."... sleep, Potter."And he did.The next time Harry woke, his eyes opened first. He blinked at the dark-wood ceiling. Hard. Then again, until the fog in his mind lifted and sleep was just as nauseating as the heat.But the heat wasn't here anymore, was it? Nor the cold that chilled his bones. Not anymore. He altered between freezing and burning, leaving him confused in a stranger's bed with clothes that slid down his thin frame.Harry pushed himself up - groggy and slow, but desperate to get out. He tried to untangle the sheets first -prying away the light green blanket with clumsy hands, he shook the material free, and stepped out.And then he fell.An arm caught him by the waist before he could faceplant on the wooden floor.The arm, or rather the owner of the arm, stood still. Ghost-quiet. Harry perked his ears, searching for a sound, but not even the man's rising chest emitted one. Swallowing tight, Harry craned his head. Lifting his eyes to see the Professor's face twisted with furious creases. The glare hardened, emphasized by the purple bags under his eyes."Are you as arrogant as you are stupid?" he spat.The collar of the shirt cut into Harry's skin, but Professor Snape didn't let go."Does the prospect of death excite you, Potter?"Well, most days. When the cellar floor was particularly cold or when Edwin's belt was as sharp as his tongue.Harry shook his head, casting his eyes away, "No, sir.""Does the idea of playing the martyr tempt you, Mr Potter? Or perhaps it's the glory of the hero that drives you to saunter out of bed as if you haven't suffered head trauma? Malnutrition and injured bones aren't even the worst of the problems you have!"Harry froze. His mouth hung open, ears deaf to the Professor's voice. While his lips moved, spitting words like poison, all Harry could think was that despite his looks and tone of voice, the Professor seemed… concerned."... bruised body and a sprained wrist! Not to mention the filth that coated your skin and hair! The blasted water turned ghastly black by the time you were in an acceptable-""Did I worry you, sir? Were you concerned for me, a stranger? Even though…" Harry swallowed, rubbing his arm, "You had to go through the trouble?" Harry asked, hands clasped in front of him. Biting down when the hand that clasped his shirt faltered, planting Harry's feet firmly on the ground.The anger that broke into loss lasted a moment too long. Wavering between confusion and a scowl before finally landing on the neutral frown that greeted Harry and Edwin this morning. The hand left, and Harry cradled his neck uncertainly. He winced as his fingers stroked his skin, stealing the occasional glance at Professor Snape. Bruised, obviously. But now wasn't the time to worry.The Professor didn't snap. Nor did his rage return. Instead, he cleared his throat. Averting his eyes to the window in the corner when he spoke, "Into bed with you, Mr Potter. I shall not have you injuring my property any further."The hand that touched Harry's shoulder didn't have anything to do with the fear that plunged into his stomach. It stabbed him in the gut and twisted, pulled out and let the emotions gush wild in its wake with a grin.Harry fell once more. On his knees, this time. He stared up, eyes wide and shaking his head viciously from side to side, "I-I broke something?"The Professor raised a brow, opening his mouth to answer before Harry jabbed in again, "I broke something when I fell, didn't I? The chimney lining? The wood stands?" he said, heaving the words - rushing through them while his mind raced further, faster."That's why Uncle Vernon was here, wasn't he? I broke something and he had to come. Master Edwin told him that I ruined something and he came to take me back!""Mr Potter-""I'm sorry!" Harry shouted, sliding back until his back hit the bed. Lifting his arms, Harry squeezed his head. With eyes closed tightly, and now rocking back and forward, he cried, "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I-I'll get the repayment, somehow, but please don't make Uncle Vernon pay for it. He-he-"The rest didn't come. Because now Harry was heaving. His breath raced, his heart clenching in all the wrong ways, and his stomach prickled with sharp needles over and over. He could no longer think.At first, Professor Snape didn't move. A confused look still firm in his face, lips thinned into a line. Harry didn't take much notice. Even as the Professor kneeled to his height, face now really concerned, Harry remained trapped in one flashback after another.Plates shattering, glass falling and the desperate hopelessness before he was hurled into the cupboard. Dark, small. The dust settled in his lungs, blood on his lips, and the smell of Aunt Petunia's perfume drifting into the cupboard. All the while, Harry rocked himself. When the fear came, when the door rattled closed on its hinges. Dark, small.Harry came back, eye-to-eye with Snape, and wiped the tears with his sleeve. The Professor's face was still sallow. Sallow and somehow grey. Black eyes searched him from within their narrow sockets."Mr Potter?""I'm fine.""Did you…" The Professor paused, then shook his head, "Nevermind. Up you get, Potter. To bed, now, or you will not get soup."Harry complied. Pushed himself up and slid under the covers, keeping his head down even after the Professor brought him a bowl of steaming chicken soup. He did not call for the Professor after he left, his mellow footsteps disappearing behind the closed door.He couldn't finish the soup.It was delicious, all the same.It wasn't Uncle Vernon that came the next morning. Instead, Edwin stood parading before the shop. He stomped harshly over the floorboards while the Professor, with much distaste, helped Harry down the stairs with a hesitant arm around his waist, stopping every few steps when Harry's head gave a hard spin."I don' see why I couldn'a come up myself," Edwin greeted, crossing his arms.The Professor chose to answer by dropping Harry in one of the leather chairs by the chimney. Then he straightened out the black shirt beneath his black waistcoat before turning to face him, clearing his throat, "So. The flue lining.""Wha' about 'em?""It's tarnished.""An' so?""It's your fault."Edwin's scowl was almost enough to rival Professor Snape's. Almost. The herbs and floral scents wafted through the air, ill-tempered and taking their rage out on Harry. At least for today. The herbs were pleasant the day before. A pleasant greeting in his nose. Now, they only distracted him. The room concealed behind a palette of odors."Now you listen to me, Professor," Edwin hissed, cocking his head to the side, gritting his teeth, "I am not payin' for none of your property. I told you I had to keep the boy in line. You told me to leave.""No supervision would have helped a boy falling down a chimney, Mr Edwin. And I find it hard to believe that you would have managed to catch him before his body collided with the stone. Can your meagre brain comprehend the damage the boy would have were it not for his fast-thinking? If he had not managed to restrict his momentum? A tarnished chimney flue would be the least of your worries."With his back to Harry, Professor Snape's face was hidden from view, but even then, by the way he stood firm and tall, his slender body almost arching over Edwin, Harry could imagine the man's expression. Rigid. Terrifying. Something Harry was thankful not to see."I am a decent man earnin' a livin'!"A few people passed by the shop, not stopping but staring nonetheless. Harry only noticed because of a woman's clothes. The colourful fabric a bright contrast to the dim, dark shop. A sort of light, in the boring palette. Her attention led Edwin to regain his posture. He took a step back, straightening his spine, "Get up, boy. We're leavin'."Harry's breath hitched. His hands clasped the armrest, straining his knuckles. Then Harry smelled the soup, felt the warmth of the brown quilt, and the ghost of a touch brushing his hair back, checking his fever, applying balm to his body, and wrapping the white bandages around his wrist before walking him down. Harry saw the real contrast, then. Of the cellar, of the soot. Of only looking at that red-headed family, only wishing for something that wasn't his.Professor Snape wasn't family.Harry told himself he wasn't attached. But the cold stung harshly when he stood.He limped the distance from the chair to Edwin. The wood creaked unnaturally under his foot. Wincing at the sound, Harry stopped directly beside Professor Snape, where he risked a look up. Professor Snape didn't return his smile. But Harry didn't mind, and made it known by mouthing the words very slowly: Thank you.He did clasp Harry's shoulder though, once Harry took a step forward. Bony fingers clawed into his skin, pulling him back. Harry almost tripped, flailing his arms until another hand balanced him, keeping him still.He didn't let go."Potter is not going anywhere."Edwin's bones cracked when his head whirled to face Professor Snape. His brows lifted in a way that showed surprise before knitting in a way that promised something a lot worse, "What?""He shall make adequate compensation. You refuse to pay, for you don't own the amount, and by having Mr Potter work in my shop without pay, I believe he can relieve the debt from the incident.Harry stared, bewildered, mouth opening and closing. Eyes rushing from one adult to the other, a hint of a smile rose on his lips when Edwin's face fell after Snape continued in the tense silence, "If not, the inspectors would be delighted with the report I give them. Especially so when one boy was almost severely injured. Are your arms up for the heavy labour that comes with the penance? If needed, I have just the balm. Mr Potter proved its efficiency via usage."He then turned to Harry, clasping his hands behind his back, "How is your back, Mr Potter?""Uh, em-" Harry stuttered, taken back by the address, "Much better, sir."Professor Snape looked to be proud of much more than merely his balm, surely. After he offered Edwin a prescription, Edwin turned around, stomped to the door, and before he slammed it close, shouted back, "Mark my words, Professor! You don' come complainin' about the boy. I'm not takin' 'em back! And you-" he faced Harry, "You work an' mind you, do it well. I don't ever wan' to see your face again and I'll tell Dursley exactly so!"The windows rattled, wobbling the jars lining the shelves. The bell hanging over the door chimed wildly after him, echoing. Swift, loud. His words settled like the sound, only producing a reaction long after it was rung."Did he-" Harry looked up, " - kick me out?"Professor Snape arched an eyebrow and turned to face the door. Eyeing the glass as if it were profoundly amusing, though Harry couldn't find anything funny about this situation. Professor Snape curled his lips, "Come, Mr Potter. There is much that can be learned during bed rest and my patience wears thin by the minute."Harry hesitated to follow after him, still facing the door, eyes pinned on the street Edwin had walked away from. All that trouble to earn his keep, all that hard work… those cold nights in the cellar where he dreamed of the Dursleys, warm and waiting for him after he'd proven his worth… And all it took was one accident. One fall. One prayer and Harry was kicked away, never to return."Mr Potter?"Harry wiped his eyes and followed, "Coming, sir."Professor Snape, as expected, valued academics and weighed a person's worth by their brains. He, also, stared wide-eyed, book still in hand after Harry had specifically told him he couldn't read."What?"Harry blushed, and hid his face behind the pillow above his knees. A copy of what was apparently Common Herbs and Identifications balanced on his legs."I was never taught, sir.""Never?"Harry meekly shook his head, feeling more wretched by the second. He didn't suppose it was fair for the Professor to belittle him for something he hadn't done. Or something no one had bothered to teach him when he could learn to earn some money and be useful.That was Aunt Petunia whenever she caught him sneaking a peek at Dudley's books or touched the spines of the volumes in the parlour while he dusted. Not that the Dursleys would read when they could spend their time gossiping about neighbours and attending operas. But Petunia's keen eye always spotted something out of place. It seemed like the only thing it could do, but Harry never said that out loud."My Aunt and Uncle didn't like me reading," he muttered in defence, "Said it was wasted on me."Professor Snape didn't comment. His fingers curled along the spine of another, much thicker book.So after ten seconds, when he emerged from his thoughts, Harry was taken aback when he was asked (ordered) to follow. The Professor's curtain of black hair billowed behind him while Harry struggled to keep up, finding it an especially hazardous task to walk down the stairs.In the shop, Professor Snape told him to stand behind the counter while he walked around it straight towards two of the leather chairs. He started to drag one behind him, however the legs screeched against the furnished wood, causing him to lift it half-heartedly, dropping it back down whenever the task got tedious.Once the chair was behind the counter, Professor Snape pointed a finger at it, "Sit. Wait here and if you value your fingers, do not touch anything."Harry fell in his chair just as Professor Snape stalked behind him to another door on the other side. Throwing it open he prowled inside, rushing down another flight of metal stairs, judging by the gradually falling sounds before eventually, there was nothing. Silence. Not a flinch, not even from a mouse. Not that he expected this shop to have any mice. Professor Snape's hair was greasy, and his skin sallow and pale over his thin face. But the clothes he wore (and lent Harry) were, if not of great quality, well kept. He had turned his nose at Harry's body - rolling the sleeves over his arms and legs, complaining about the wrinkles. But other than his hair, Professor Snape was one of the cleanest people Harry had seen, and his building was no different.The bell chimed the second time that morning. Harry couldn't see the visitor from his position. So he craned his neck up above the wood from side to side, wanting to see the owner of these light footsteps with equally light shoes."Severus?" a voice called. A woman's voice. Kind and curious. Warm. Harry enjoyed it awhile before his hand shot up, calling her over, "Um, Madam, over here."The voice fell silent. Her footsteps continued, then her face emerged from behind the wood and Harry, with guilt, found himself disappointed. The woman, around the same age as Professor Snape, if not younger, wore a black dress that pooled down her body, hiding her shape. Not only that, but a long fabric veiled her head, masking her hair and neck and draping down her chest."Oh dear," she looked down, a hand over her thin lips, "Well. Good morning, young man.""Good morning," Harry replied, making sure to look at her eyes - kind- like his mother from a dream, "I'm Harry.""My name is Aisha Patel," said the woman that looked like his mother. Especially with the long, black fabric that fluttered down her head and her light brown skin. Harry was now very thankful that his bangs covered most of the scar that covered his forehead, "What are you doing down there, Harry?""Professor Snape asked me to sit down.""Asked you?""Well, he didn't say please, now that you've mentioned it, Madam Patel,"Madam Patel laughed, hiding her mouth with the back of her hand, "Oh dear. But oddly enough, he isn't here now."Harry shook his head and then pointed to the door Professor Snape had disappeared down , "No. He went down there."Madam Patel nodded knowingly, "To the laboratory.""The laborty?""La-bo-ra-to-ry," Madam Patel pronounced each syllable and Harry mouthed after, testing the word in his mouth, "What does he do in the laboratory?"Madam Patel gestured around the shop, "Oh, many things. Medicine, teas. Personal research, if I know him well enough. And I daresay I don't," she chuckled at her joke, "He's a proclaimed chemist, a very talented one, at that.""So he doesn't just sell… Herbs?""Oh, dear, no. Creams, balms, the whole lot. He even takes custom orders, if it matches his skill set. Most often than not, it does.""I have yet to be challenged," Professor Snape's voice disrupted. He closed the door to the laboratory behind him. Crossing the distance between Harry and the wall in a few steps, placing both a blackboard and a jar wrapped in brown paper over the counter, "You've arrived early, Professor Patel.""Oh dear, have I? You don't like to be kept waiting, last I remember," she answered, retrieving a coin sack from, counting the coins on the counter.His lips quirked up, "No, I do not. And we've discussed the matter of payment, have we not?"You also do not like engaging with children outside of school. And yes, we have discussed it," she slid over a stack of coins, eyeing Harry, making him duck his head, "An assistant of yours?""A nuisance, more likely."Harry glared, biting the inside of his cheek. He locked eyes with Professor Patel. Seeing as Professor Snape, who valued titles despite not agreeing by their affiliations, used them, Harry did so as well, "I'm no nuisance."Professor Snape chuckled, plucking the money from the counter. He then unlocked a drawer on their side of the counter with a key he lifted from his pants pocket, sliding it open and placing them in corresponding sections separated by thin pieces of wood before closing and locking it again, "If you require no more assistance, I shall ask you to leave, Professor Patel. Harry and I have much work to be done."Professor Patel lifted the jar, eyes narrowed in concern, and brows knitted close together as she and Harry shared another long glance. That eased her frown. The corners of her lips lifted into a smile and Harry felt warmth suffuse his cheeks, evidence of the surprise from being called by his first name."Don't derive your pleasure from insulting his intelligence, Professor Snape.""You assume he has intelligence in the first place."This time, Harry did notice the sudden turn of personality. Mouth gaping open, staring at the smirking Professor, the memories of the two days blended fast and strong. Professor Snape helping him to bed. Professor Snape rubbing the balm into his back, suspicious, even after Harry assured him the bruises were from the fall. (They weren't, but he didn't need to know that.) Professor Snape healing him, making sure his fever broke before retreating. Caring, concerned. Keeping him anchored and away from Edwin, though the hands on his shoulders gripped too hard.Professor Snape insulting him. Scouting for the minute he was well and scorning him for it with a grudge Harry hadn't caused."I assume he has more than he's letting on. And not just intelligence," she said, then placed the jar in her bag, "Shall I deliver your regards to Minerva and Poppy?"Professor Snape nodded, "Please do.""Take care, Professor, Harry,"She turned, her robes flying behind her, and soon she too was gone."So you…" Harry began, "So you two know each other?""We work at the same school facility,""Ah," he nodded, no longer eager to interact with Professor Snape, "She's very beautiful."Well, not very. Harry had seen much prettier women over the years. With modelled hair and touches of make-up, colourful, grand dresses that fluttered after them. Professor Patel didn't show any hair, and her skin, darker than Harry's, was make-up free and her dress looked like it had lost its colour long ago. But, Harry smiled, her warmth was vibrant."Is she?" Professor Snape asked, bent over the chalkboard, "Not many call her that, upon first meeting."Harry shrugged, "She looks like my mom."The chalk in Professor Snape's hand gave a nasty, ear-splitting screech. Harry could see half of it between his fingers, while the rest lay broken on the material. The writing beneath was jagged, jerked in the wrong direction. Angry, though Harry couldn't imagine why.Professor Snape's back straightened. He ignored Harry. Instead, his eyes remained pinned to the door, as if he saw something Harry could not."What did you say?" he asked, still looking away.Harry swallowed. The lump in his throat wouldn't loosen, though. Even after the second gulp, "My mother… She has long black hair and kind eyes. Maybe dark skin, as well, because my father has red hair and green eyes. I can't imagine him having dark skin, because I've never seen any red-haired person with brown skin, but it'll probably be him because Aunt Petunia is in no way dark-skinned."Professor Snape's hands met on the counter. His head lifted. As if his neck had gone stiff from Harry's words. And it must have. Harry found no reason for the Professor to have gone meek over such a statement. He decided to ask, opening his mouth when Professor Snape spoke once more."And who has told you about this?""No one, sir. Aunt Petunia only told me that they left me on their doorstep because they were poor and didn't want me-"The sound of hands slamming against the wood silenced his words. It also made Harry flinch, one hand jerking up to his shoulder, clutching his shirt. Professor Snape didn't look, of course. He acted as though he was personally insulted. That or someone had disappointed him by dropping a bad odour in his shop. A very, very horrid odour, worse even than the herbs.Harry said nothing more. But then Professor Snape turned around, the grin from Professor Patel's presence long gone. His eyes downcast and emotional. Professor Snape took a step towards him. Harry straightened his back. Leaning forward, despite there being no possibility of being heard, the professor whispered, "You do not share this information, or any information about yourself, with anyone. Anyone. Do I make myself clear, Mr Potter?"Harry had an answer ready. A long string of answers, actually. The first one was a question, Why? Why couldn't he? He'd shared it among his sweeper family. They all had. At nights, near fires. When one was bored when none could read, and the only stories they'd been taught leaked clear and clean from their lips. But a bigger question blared louder. In the background, huddled to a corner. Afraid to be noticed and still screaming when Harry blurted it out."You know my name."Professor Snape's eyes widened. Just a bit, but Harry still noticed."I never told you my name," he snapped, "Master Edwin didn't, either. He called me a boy. You called me by my surname ever since I came here, but not in front of Professor Patel. Why?Adults turned amusing, whenever they were backed into the corner. Childish, confused. Much like Professor Snape. The wrinkles around his eyes appeased. His open lips complemented his confusion. Harry was beginning to like the situation less and less by the minute, "I said how do you know my name!"Professor Snape took a step back, looking down at him by the length of his nose, "Tantrums will do you no good."'"I don't care!" Harry screamed, chest heaving. A blur swam in his vision and mind. His chest seized with uncomfortable tightness. The days under Professor Snape's 'care' no longer held the same warmth and comfort as before."You know my name. Professor Patel must have as well since you've only used my first name. And I want to know why. I want you to play fair!""You, of all people, should know that life isn't-""Well, you should work for it, then! It's my life, and I deserve to know what you're hiding-""Mr Potter!"Harry's mouth clamped shut. His hands balled into fists, squeezed against his legs. The anger didn't leave. In fact, Harry felt his fury rising the longer he stared at the man. The heart thumping in his ears muffled any sound, the injustice of it all suffocating his patience, even more so when Snape spoke again."I am in no obligation to share anything with a brat who can't keep himself in line. Anything! You are here to pay a debt, after which you will leave. Furthermore, during this time, you will act with dignity in my presence! Am I understood?"Harry refused to share his thoughts. He nodded"A verbal answer, Mr Potter.""Yes," he hissed. The way Snape's shoulders fell made him bite the inside of his cheeks, suppressing a scream.Snape left for the counter. Then came back with the small chalkboard from earlier. He smudged the fifth symbol to the right with a cloth. The board wiped clean before he drew it again. Half a circle, with a smaller copy to its right. Harry knitted his brows. They sort of resembled-"Today, Mr Potter," Snape said with a controlled voice. He handed the chalk to Harry, dropping the board on his knee, "You shall be learning how to read."

TW: PTSD dream at the beginning of the italics.Thanks to absinthe, my beta reader, for her much-valued efforts in the story.Enjoy :)It took Harry only one week to learn the alphabet. Snape complained that it would have taken him much sooner had he not procrastinated and given it his 'full attention, pathetic though it may be'. Between sweeping the shop and tending the counter, Harry wasn't sure how he was delaying the task. The alphabet proved to be much easier than the currency he had to learn. Adding and subtracting numbers, all while Snape stalked behind him - a hand pushing him to the side when both the customer and Snape grew impatient - was difficult.Snape was trying to teach him to learn on the spot. Harry called him a git for it.Not outloud.Harry didn't ask for things he wouldn't get, but neither would he refuse what was offered. Or dismiss the efforts made by others purely for his sake. So during his stay, when Snape took him out and bought him clothes from a second-hand store, Harry decided to keep his mouth shut for at least a week, ignoring every biased criticism.Ignoring was doing too much courtesy.Harry didn't ignore them. He suppressed them long enough by scratching his arms, pinching his skin, and clenching his jaw under his cap before Snape would walk away, leaving him to stew in the anger until Harry vented it by screaming into the pillow in his room.The room was a different matter. Decorated in dull colors, some days Harry felt the room gradually shrink. Small, dusty. Just like the cupboard. The last swirls of light shyly recoiling away. It made Harry choke, woke him up from the occasional bad dream, and left him exhausted to the bone for Snape to poke fun at.Then the cycle would continue.Not today.Harry stared at Snape, then looked down at his hand. He weighed the money pouch stuffed with coins and a folded piece of paper, squeezing the fabric. The edges of the coins dug into his skin. A reminder, rooting him down."I don't understand.""Frankly, I am not surprised."Harry told himself to bite it back. Lifting his head, he held the paper above his head for Snape to see, "I can't read this.""Surely you've learnt every letter in the alphabet?" Snape asked, lifting a brow. His lips curling into a grin, the first one Harry had seen that week."Yes, but-""And you can recognize them in different textures?""Yes, but-"And are you well-versed in basic money handling?""I am, but-"Snape held a hand to silence him, standing up from his chair and assisting a customer, one Augusta Longbottom, who was old and just as tall, thin and bony. She carried with her a bright red handbag and an atrocious hat that held a stuffed vulture- with some medicine for her grandson. Harry waited by the chimney for fifteen minutes, trying to decipher the list before Snape returned. His mind was puzzled by the letter. The accumulated knowledge escaped him."I can't read this, Professor," he said, shaking the list in the air, "You know I can't."Snape wiped his hands on his apron, marching around him to the shelf directly above the chimney, tapping a jar, "What does it say here potter?"Harry squinted. He stood up, walking to Snape's side to read the label, "G-ginger, right?""Correct. Tell me, what is the last item on the list?"Harry smoothed out the paper. He slid a finger down the crumpled page and replied, bitterly, "Ginger."Snape smirked. Gripping the jar, he lifted the lid. Holding it down, he waved it under Harry's nose. The smell invaded him. It bit, hard, gnawing and not letting go - inducing a cough long after Snape placed the jar back."And that," he said, crossing his arms, "Is how it smells."Harry wrinkled his nose, suddenly glad that Aunt Petunia didn't store it in her kitchen because it was atrocious, "I don't like it.""You'll love it no more when you have to fill the jar after you come back," he squinted his eyes when Harry gagged, "Just ask the man down two streets for the amount specified, and no one else. You'll need to make more than one trip, undoubtedly, with those pitiful arms of yours. I'm not mending any broken bones, not after you've finally healed," he stilled, "Well, most of you, in any case."Harry's bones were another recurring argument in the household, this time linked to Harry's eating habits. Or rather, the lack thereof. Snape seemed to find Harry's forgetfulness when it came to meals or not finishing even half of his plate as a problem. Even more so the way Harry stared at his food, as if it was going to be snatched away any second. Harry didn't understand what the problem was. His stomach filled before the food was finished, and it meant he could have some later, when Severus wasn't looking.Harry nodded, pocketing the paper and sack in his new, brown pants. Walking to the coat rack, Harry reached for his cap on his tiptoes. The coat rack gave a rattle once the cap was pulled down from the wood and over Harry's mop of black hair."I'll be leaving, then."A customer walked in right as Harry walked out, and Snape gave him a stiff nod, turning to tend to an old man with a cane."What do you mean you're closing?"The man shook his head, rubbing his neck with one hand, "My daughter's given birth, kid. Nothing I can do. Tell the Professor to send you back tomorrow," the man said, turning his back and locking the door. He pulled on his jacket, buttoning it over his wide stomach with some difficulty. He put on a tattered hat over his balding head before reaching for his pocket. He pulled out Harry's list, handing it back to him and rubbed the edge of his moustache between two fingers, "Give my regards to the Professor," he tipped his hat, looking both ways before crossing the street to join his wife.Harry stood very still, looking after the man as he helped his wife onto a horse before hopping on himself. They smiled as the horse started to trot up the street, mixing with the street traffic.The voices meddled with Harry's thoughts and met with the image of Snape accosting him for returning empty-handed. Harry feared he would send him after the man to retrieve his precious ginger, ordering him not to return until he had come back with one whole bag and nothing less. He wrapped his arms around his stomach, slouching. Snape wouldn't kill him for something out of his control, would he? He didn't kill him after Harry's outburst last week, though he made his displeasure known in many different ways. Harry shook his head, breath wavering. The sound of his footsteps fading in the background.Don't slow down. Don't stop. Don't breathe.Harry didn't realize someone was calling his name until a hand landed on his shoulder, jolting the world to a stop. The mist didn't leave at once, but the world regained its colour when Oliver spoke.When Oliver spoke?"What are ya doing, Harry?" Oliver asked with a frown, "And where were ya! We thought ya had gone off! Marie-Lue was barking mad, I'm telling ya. Crying every night!"Harry stared, touching his mouth. He parted his lips when Oliver snapped his fingers to draw his attention, "Ya alright, Harry?""I-I'm... I'm alright, Oliver. I'm so sorry. But not dead, as you can tell.""Yeah, but were ya? Master Edwin didn't say nuffink, but 'e was acting quite off. Like 'e had lost a bet."Not so far off. Harry scratched his hair under the cap, giving a nervous smile to the people who were now walking around them, scoffing at the way the two blocked the road.Oliver noticed as well. He took Harry by the arm, pulling him to an alley near a bookstore. Harry almost snatched his hand away once Oliver's hand touched his. It was rough and scratched with the soot Harry had not missed climbing up into."Ya clothes a different too. And ya skin," Oliver said, dropping his brush and bag of soot. He took out his cap, dusting the black heaps from his light brown hair, and smearing his skin with the back of his hand, "What happened?"Harry bit his lip, shifting his weight from one foot to the next, "Sorry... but it's a long story.""Tell me anyway.""You're not going to like it, Oliver.""Let me hear it, either way."Harry scratched his face. His mouth had gone dry. Looking at Oliver now, Harry didn't know how he could tell Oliver about Snape while his friend still worked under Edwin, cleaning chimneys for a living, risking his life at every climb while Harry only risked an argument with Snape, which was beginning to resemble less of a threat by the minute."Harry, I'm ya friend. Tell me wha' ya have been doing."Harry took in a breath, quick and short. He glanced both ways to see if anyone was listening and leaned forward, pulling Oliver down by the shirt, "Remember the shop Master Edwin dragged me to last week?"Oliver nodded."The man working there -Severus Snape- I was sweeping his chimney. I reached the top and when sliding down, uh-" Harry darted his eyes, lowering his chin when he felt his ears heat up, "Fell down-""Fell down?"Harry's cheeks heated as well, and he gave a weak nod."Must have been a bad one, if ya fell. Bad bricks?"Harry paused, staring at a passing man's ruffled hair and dirty moustache, "Yeah, bad bricks.""At least ya haven't gone off, mate. But I why haven't ya come back?"Harry saw no point in hiding it from Oliver any longer, hurt him though it may. So he began. He told him about how after he fell, Snape helped heal him. How he told Edwin off. How he bought him the clothes Harry was wearing, while Oliver kept silent and Harry kept folding and unfolding his arms in a constant loop, searching for a sign of discomfort on Oliver's face. He didn't find any, which only led to more nerves, more jittery movement.Snape caring, Snape not caring. In this situation, Harry didn't know whether to hate the man or respect him, or look for something more. He still couldn't forgive what had happened in the shop just before Snape started to teach him the alphabet, when he shouted at him to not ask questions about his past. Nor the week that followed with insults and undeserved scoldings.By the time Harry stopped talking, dislike and respect walked hand-in-hand."Ya seem to be doing well for ya self, Harry," said Oliver rather quietly, rubbing his arm. The whole street lost its sound but still whirled in the background feverishly. The soot's odor grew to a nauseating level, to the point that it hurt to breathe"Uh, yeah. I'm glad Snape is willing to be... generous, despite it all."Oliver chuckled meekly. Harry's guilt grew to an ugly height once he saw his friend's bloodshot eyes underscored by angry bags. The blue Harry once knew was lost behind an emotion Harry couldn't understand.Liar. Harry understood well enough.He just didn't want to acknowledge it.Harry cleared his throat, "Sorry, uh...How are the others?" he asked because there wasn't anything else to say."Marie-Lue cried her eyes out. Might have filled the Thames, with that amount of tears. Mums almost broke his leg, but Davi shared some sweets he nicked from a house yesterday.""Everything's fine?""Everything's fine, Harry. Ya just..." Oliver bit his lip, then offered a smile, brows knit tight, "Don't work too hard to repay the debt, yeah? Marie-Lue will be okay with us.""Oliver-""Harry, stop. You're in a better place. A much better place than us, at least," Oliver said, then leaned against the wall behind him, a shadow cast across his features, "Keep it. A chimney lining isn't anything cheap. Work well, prove ya self useful. The Professor is sure ta keep ya if he learns that you're a good worker."Harry's shoulders fell and he looked at Oliver as if he'd grown another head, "You don't... you don't think I'm doing this to get away from Edwin, do you?""Ya not?""No!" Harry said. He took a step back, then clutched his friend by the shoulders, "Oliver, you're my family! I can't just live my life pretending you don't exist!""I'm not saying ya should-""We're going to grow up together. In a house, in town. With good food, warm beds and-"Oliver grabbed Harry's wrist, pulling them away from his shoulders, "Ya want the best for ya family?"Harry nodded, feeling a little uncomfortable with Oliver's grip."Ya family wants the best for ya, Harry."The words, lined in perfect order, went through one ear. It didn't go out the other. Instead, it spiralled into an echo, lighting up warmly in his mind. Pinned to the back of his head where Harry accepted it willingly, wanting to grow it for comfort during those long, hurtful nights.Harry wiped his eyes to get rid of the urge to cry. He accepted the hug, wrapping his arms around Oliver. It was shorter than he would have wanted, but when they parted, leaving the alley, the week of insults didn't hurt as much as before."Ya look after ya self, Harry. I heard there's a fugitive walking around, these days. A murderer.""Don't think he'll come after me, Oliver," Harry said, chuckling and wiping his reddened nose. Noticing the look Oliver gave him, Harry ducked his head, murmuring a quick apology.Oliver shook his head, then patted him on the shoulder, "Visit us one day, will ya? And let the Professor know you've been gettin' pains, even though you healed. Promise?"Harry felt the need to apologise for that, too. For complaining about the pain in his body and the headaches while Snape worked hard to heal him. So he apologised to Oliver, and apologised again once Oliver told him not to apologise before promising to let Snape know once he got home."I will. Tell the other's I said hello, and that I miss them. Maybe hug Marie-Lue, will ya?"Oliver nodded and was the first to turn around. Harry did the same, ready to walk back, hands in his pockets when Oliver called his name once more."And Harry?"Harry turned, tilting his head."Happy early birthday."The customer smiled as Harry handed her the Honeysuckle tea in a brown paper bag, handing him the coins before walking out, the bell not ringing behind her. Harry couldn't remember where Snape had gotten the tea from, or even if he sold any tea, but the customer was already gone, so he didn't bother calling after them.Harry sorted through Snape's drawer, storing the coins in all the wrong places. The bell chimed, and Harry lifted his head to see Professor Patel walking through the doors, smile on her face."Professor Patel!" Harry shouted, the coins flying out of his hand as he jumped over the counter, taking her by the hand before wrapping his arms around her waist, his hands lost in the black fabric, "Did you come for the tea?""Of course I did, Harry," Professor Patel said, running a gloved hand through his hair, lifting his hair to reveal his scar, "Oh dear, that's a nasty little thing, isn't it?"Harry blushed, straightening his pitch black hair over the scar that turned and twisted on his skin. Sharp lines spiraling on his forward and down his face, "I got it the day you left me, Aunt Petunia said. After an incident. She didn't tell me what it was.""It was a fire."Harry nodded, leaning his head on her chest, then turning it to the side to breathe, "A wild fire.""Oh dear. Harry-" his mom pushed him away, walking to the counter. Her black dress swirling into a blue gown, the black color leaking like smoke from her dress and messing the floor, "You've sorted the coins all wrong!""What?"When his mom turned her head, the black veil around her face dissolved into sleek, black hair. It slid down her back, flowing like a dark waterfall, and floated behind her as she walked towards him. Harry took a step back, because with every step his mom took forward, the world warped itself black, surrounding the shop in shadow until Harry was left alone. That's when the sounds began. Crashing plates. Angry screams. All exploding in his ears at the same time while the walls around the shop started to close in.Harry couldn't breath. He screamed among the voices, pounding against the walls, "No! Get me out! I want to breathe! I can't- I can't-!"His body jolted in wild tremors, shaking with terror. Harry couldn't run. He pounded, and pounded, hands not hurting because now, Aunt Petunia's perfume slid down his throat, choking him. Harry collapsed to the ground, holding his throat. Tears slid down his face while his chest tightened in tremendous pain. Squeezing. Squeezing. A thousand needles and burning sand pricking and puncturing his throat, charring his skin. And Harry was still afraid. Of not being able to breathe again, of hurting. And Harry was angry, because it was unfair. So, so unfair while he suffered, no one else did and now, while he lived better than the others, his family lived no different.And Harry knew he was drowning. His hand loosened just as the floor gave away, dropping him down a long way. Falling, falling, falling. Patches of white light speckled his vision before they rippled into the coherent scenery of Snape's shop.Snape was there, back turned to Harry, looking over at the mess Professor Patel had left behind her.Harry coughed into his hand, rolling to his back on the ground. The wood cut into his skin, digging deep until Harry screamed, and screamed and-Snape turned, livid and easily the scariest thing Harry had seen in his life. He stalked towards him, but Harry couldn't scoot back, as if he was fastened to the wood. Dread filled him, a bubbling clump before it gushed out with an agonizing explosion. "I'm sorry! Professor Snape, I didn't do it! Please, believe me, I-""Potter!""I'm sorry! Professor Snape, I'm so sorry!"Snape took him by the shoulder, giving him a sharp tug forward, "Potter!""I'm sorry!"The light of the apothecary dissolved into black. It left Harry among tangled sheets, his skin wet with sweat and heart pounding at a distressing speed.Someone was holding him by the shoulders. Not shaking him, but nudging him rather gently, another hand untangling the sheets wrapped around his arms and legs."P-professor?""You were having a nightmare," spoke his voice in the dark, matter of factly. The sheets successfully peeled from his body and dropped in a heap on the floor, "I found you whimpering and shaking your head."Harry sat up. Professor Snape's hand didn't let go until Harry steadied his back against the headboard, leaning back on the hard wood."Stay here," Snape said, and Harry opened one eye, the bed lifting at the loss of weight. He almost reached a hand, almost asked for him to stay.He didn't, of course. Professor Snape's footsteps disappeared out of the room, accompanied by a splash of water a few moments later before returning. The door creaked as Professor Snape nudged it open, then again when he closed it. No moon tonight. No moon to shine light on Professor Snape while he pushed a glass of water into Harry's hands, urging for him to drink.He waited patiently, no doubt having questions, and Harry took as long as he could with that glass of water."I'm sorry about the ginger, Professor," Harry said to avoid any questions, "I tried to explain to the vendor.""We've discussed it already, upon your return. In fact, I don't remember blaming you for it."Harry took another sip, "I know. But I never apologised, did I?"Snape sighed, "I'll send you to buy some tomorrow morning, if that makes you feel better.It did, but Harry still let the conversation drop after that."Do you have nightmares frequently?" Professor Snape asked, plucking the finished glass and setting it on the bedside table, "Or is this a rare occurrence?"His silence stretched far too long, and so he wasn't surprised Professor Snape snorted once Harry said, "No.""What did you dream about?""I don't want to talk about it, sir.""Hmm."The silence stretched again. This time, Professor Snape didn't ask him to speak, but at the end of it, he nudged him by the shoulder as he stood up, "Come, Potter. Some fresh air before you sleep."Harry groaned, wanting nothing more than to put his head on the pillow and sleep until the exhaustion in his bones lifted. Professor Snape pulled him by the arm, far gentler than Harry expected, and led him to the window.He let go of Harry to lift the window. Parting the blinds first, he dug his fingers under the wood and shoved it open with some brutal force.The wind lifted some of Harry's hair, freezing the sweaty skin. Harry didn't mind. He closed his eyes, swaying with the wind, head leaning against the wall while the night air filled his lungs, scattering some of the effects of the nightmare."You have them often," said Professor SnapeHarry opened one eye, turning his face to the Professor. No moonlight tonight. Harry could still make out his lean form. Almost too thin, even in the light, "I don't want to talk about it.""I'm not asking you to share it.""But you want me to.""Yes," Professor Snape said, turning his head from the window to face him, "I do."Harry bit his tongue looking out into the city. No light, no moon. Only black, soulless masses."Why?""Because I only noticed now. And only because I woke up to get a glass of water myself, and as luck would have it, decided to check up on you.""I don't believe in luck.""Neither do I," Professor Snape said with a dry chuckle, closing the window and leading him to bed, "Neither do I."The bed felt warmer, almost more comfortable as Harry lay on it. Somehow welcoming. Professor Snape didn't help him with the sheet, but waited until Harry was under them, head on his pillow and eyes closed."Sleep, Potter," he said, right before walking to the door and closing it behind him.Somehow, Harry did.The next evening, the door opening interrupted Harry's sweeping session. Harry lifted his head to greet the customer because Snape was in his laboratory, doing what he always did, cooped up in the room. Harry had a growing suspicion that it wasn't as enjoyable as Snape made it out to be, since he couldn't imagine the room getting any sunlight. Nonetheless, he wasn't here now, and Harry was stationed in his absence to tend to any customers.But this wasn't a customer.Harry paused mid-sweep to find a boy -his age or older- with tattered clothes waiting by the door, a patched cap hiding his very short hair. The boy walked up to him, hands in his pockets, standing at least a head over Harry as he stopped."Good morning," said Harry, because it was polite as well as a habit Snape had carved into him, "Can I help you?""Is there a bloke called, uh, Professor Snape 'ere?" the boy asked uncertainly, gesturing at the shop."Uh, yeah.""Where is 'ee?"Harry pointed at the door that led down to the laboratory, "Down there.""Fetch 'em for me.""What?""Look, I 'ave a message to deliver, alright?" the boy asked with mild annoyance, taking out an envelope from his jacket pocket and extending it for Harry to see, "'Ere. Now fetch 'em for me. The man who gave it to me told me to 'urry up."Harry, delighted to be able to recognise Snape's name nodded. Leaning the broom against the chimney, Harry walked around the counter to the door, a little nervous to interrupt the man, as always. He'd done this before. Done it more time than necessary to worry about Snape's reaction.Harry pushed the door open, which led to a small landing that transitioned into a staircase that spiraled down.Making an effort not to look inside, Harry shouted for Snape."Excuse me, Professor Snape!" he called out, just like he was taught, "Someone sent you a message."A short while later, Professor Snape called back in a less than delighted voice, "Who?"I don't know, sir. It came in an envelope."Harry could hear the displeasure in Snape's footsteps. They grew louder until Snape stepped out, a little hunched with prominent bags under his eyes. He looked awful, worse than the past few days when he had started to grow rather… miserable.His hair was greasier than usual. The clothes he wore had started to smell too, but the usually very tidy Professor Snape seemed to have no intention of future personal grooming. Or any grooming, really. Harry was the only one that tended to the shop, doing any additional work while the Professor locked himself in his dungeon, leaving Harry sweeping, mopping, and dusting the shop and house. The cooking was no different. The meals had diminished to a notable quality. Harry didn't mind, of course. But during the almost ten days here, it was uncharacteristic to see Snape in such a… depressed mood."Who sent you?" Snape hissed at the boy, grabbing the letter and not bothering with a letter opener, ripping the envelope and starting to read."I don't know, sir. Just gave me this envelope and told me to-""Right," Snape said, crunching the envelope in one hand, looking both pleased and angry, "On your way, now, if you've been paid your price.The boy nodded. Touching the tip of his cap, he turned on his heel and trotted out the door, disappearing down the street.With a sudden turn, Snape was moving again. Crossing the distance between the laboratory door with wide steps, he slipped down to the cellar. He came back a short while later dressed in a long, black coat, and carrying a leather doctor's bag with him. He also wore a hat, in favor of his hair, one would guess. He spared no time in rummaging through the shelves, throwing in some jar or the other."Potter," Snape turned to Harry, marching towards him."S-sir?""Take some pounds out of the safe-box," he said while passing him, forcing the key to his hand, "And hurry, I don't have all day."Harry's hands flailed for the key, almost dropping it. With a crude nod, Harry moved to the drawer, unlocking it and pulling out said pounds, an eye on Snape who was kneeling beside the drawers and shelves under the counter.Snape left. Harry followed after him, locking the drawer. Already by the door by the time Harry reached him, he took the money, counting it with his eyes and handing him some back."I'm expected on a house visit, Potter and need you to finish some tasks for me. Are you listening?"Harry nodded, looking up through his hair."Go down to my laboratory. There, on the longest table, you will find a brown bag labeled ginger, the one you bought this morning. Though it's small, I'm confident even you can't miss it. Fill the jar up here with the ginger in the bag. Then, drop the box key inside the vase of dry flowers on the same table. And finally," he pulled a key from inside his jacket, dangling it by a small, rusted chain in front of his face, "Lock up after me. Do not open for anyone, especially if-" he closed his mouth and eyes as if in pain, "Regardless of what anyone says, no one is to enter the shop. Understood?"Another nod. Harry made a grab for the key, but Snape snatched it away just as his fingers brushed it, "A verbal answer, Mr Potter.""Yes, sir."Snape raised a brow. Harry sighed, folding his arms over his chest, "Sorry, I… Yes. I understand, Professor. I will not open the door. What now? Oh, fine. I won't answer the bloody door, regardless of what anyone says.""You are not prone to keeping promises, Mr Potter," Snape said, dropping the key to his hands, "I am taking precautions.""Oliver thinks the same," replied Harry, pocketing the money and box key, "You two would get along fine, I think.""Oliver?""He's a friend. From Mr Edwin. He's the one I bumped into yesterday.""Yesterday?"Harry's throat went dry and he almost slapped himself in the forehead. Of course. He had purposely not told Snape about him when he hadn't questioned his tardiness, as to not pester him with the pain in his body, which had grown from a dull thud to an uncomfortable throb this morning."Yes," Harry replied, rubbing the back of his head, "He was the reason I was late.""You didn't tell me about this.""Sorry sir," Harry bit back, deciding to be bold, "But you haven't asked."Snape looked like he was going to snap back something equally rude or something worse. But he sighed instead, pinching the bridge of his nose instead, "I haven't got the time nor energy to deal with this, Potter. We will discuss it at a more appropriate time, do not doubt that," Snape said, opening the door and stepping out, "Lock the door. I'll be back before later."Then he was gone, a lonely walker on the sidewalk, a stranger among many more strangers.Harry, of course, did lock the door.He then walked to the shelf, where the jar stood, and pulled it down from above the chimney, forcing the lid open and wrinkling his nose at the smell. Turning around to head to the cellar with some curiosity, he stopped when movement in the window caught his eye.The jar almost dropped from his hands when he saw who it was.Uncle Vernon and Aunt Marge, fuming behind the window and pounding at the door.And they weren't pleased to see him.Well! That was that. We finally have the ball rolling, I am pleased to say. Do not worry, by the time I'm posting this, I am more than 4000 words into the next chapter, thank God. Also, Eid tomorrow! Eid Mubarak, guys! See you soon!Also, I wanted to clear things by saying there isn't magic in this story. But do not worry, I have found an alternative for almost everything :D. Almost. We still have a long way to go until the story ends, so just sit back, relax and read to your heart's content.Finally, I don't know how to respond to reviews on this website, but I read every single one of them and thank each one of you. Your reviews are the driving source of this story (or any story). So don't hesitate to tell me anything.Salam!

TW for another trigger, around where the jar breaks."U-Uncle Vernon?" Harry asked, voice thin air, and squinting his eyes to have a clear look, desperately wishing he was mistaken, "Aunt Marge?"No. Though Harry admitted that his eyesight wasn't perfect, Uncle Vernon was impossible to miss from any distance with his size. Least of all if he was accompanied by his sister of equal proportion. The recognition aside, it was now a matter of what to do. Snape had made it very, very  clear he wasn't supposed to open the door to anyone, and Uncle Vernon was undoubtedly included in the list. Definitely included in the list, seeing as he wasn't looking very pleased to him either.Uncle Vernon started to pound against the glass. Aunt Marge soon joined him. The fists didn't sound like they were pounding on the glass, though. Instead, Harry felt his Uncle's meaty hands slamming against the back of his head, a vile pulse. His Uncle chose to shout at that moment, rattling the door with a mighty strike."Open this door now, boy!" Uncle Vernon roared, yanking the door handle up and down, "Open it or I'll do something you'll regret!"Harry's heart pounded. Fast, unhinged. The morning's breakfast now very much eager to rise up his throat and out his mouth. Uncle Vernon's face was starting to colour, an extraordinary purple that started to rise from his small neck, ruffling his moustache as it went. Harry's hands shook the more Uncle Vernon spat out his words. But even then, the impatience on Aunt Marge's face looked far more lethal. And though Harry had witnessed various dangerous expressions over the years, he could only come up with one person that could rival Aunt Marge in the matter. The same person who had trusted him to not open the door to any guest.The same person whose trust Harry was about to break.Still clutching the open jar of ginger, Harry walked to the door, balancing the glass in one hand while he fumbled for the key in his pocket.Harry liked to imagine many things. He liked to imagine Snape, at that moment. Running. Running fast. Down the street and towards the shop. Snape wasn't a knight. He didn't wear armour; he didn't fight holy battles. Brave, kind, and honest were all that a hero was and what Snape could never be. But Harry didn't want a knight in shining armour. Harry didn't believe in tales and only grew up with the ugly truth called life. And life wasn't playing fair.Because Harry wanted an escape.And Snape didn't come running down. His coat, mended and patched along the edges, didn't billow. Snape didn't come.Harry's hands shook while he slipped the key to the lock, the door opening with an ominous click. It turned the dread inside Harry gruesome, his eyes still darting down the street, waiting for the familiar pair of shoes on the cobblestone. Stepping back to let them in, Harry's back hit the wall when Uncle Vernon hit him by the shoulder while marching forward. Harry cradled his shoulder, now stiff, his body rigid and afraid to move."So-" Uncle Vernon barked, hands on his hips and small eyes darting along the walls while Aunt Marge took a closer look, namely inspecting the jars with a tap against the glass, "-So, you thought you could get away, eh? Thought you tricked us, having Edwin off his knocker, screaming bloody murder in our neighbourhood? In our neighbourhood?"Aunt Marge humphed in agreement, plopping down on one of the armchairs, muttering something Harry couldn't quite understand about leather."Uncle Vernon, please listen to me," Harry said softly, almost begging. Because, really, this wasn't any different than what it was with Snape, was it? An angry adult, a situation where Harry was 'in the wrong', and a conflict that needed to be avoided.But Snape hadn't hit him. Or hadn't hit him yet. Given the situations Harry encountered Snape in a worse mood -because to Harry, the man was almost always in a bad mood- , Harry expected a slap. Always. Or at least a slash, or a bruise.Snape only hurled his words.Once, they would have hurt. Now, Harry didn't think much of them anymore, considering them to be witty and smart more often than not."Suppose you're going to apologise, eh, boy?" Aunt Marge cut in, rising from the armchair, "Going to apologise to my brother? For what?" she released a mighty laugh, the sort of thing you'd expect from an animal, "It won't cut it, boy! Not for being a burden, not for a perfectly good family's suffering-""Not for ruining our reputation!" continued Uncle Vernon."And almost twelve years of you, an ungrateful brat who can't appreciate good intent. Out of the pure goodness in their hearts, they took you in! I'm telling you, Vernon," Aunt Marge pointed at Harry, her lips twisting in a vicious turn, "Something was always wrong with that boy. Bad blood, I say. Oh, I do not blame Petunia, of course," and she patted Uncle Vernon's shoulder to emphasize, "Turns up in the best of families, you know. If you remember Uncle Johnathan on our side-"The rest turned into a strain of rants about random family members Harry hadn't heard about, before the conversation somehow turned back towards Harry again."Of course, tainted with his father's blood as well. What did you say he did?"Uncle Vernon threw Harry a snide grin, "Unemployed."Harry blushed, feeling on the verge of tears while Aunt Marge threw her head back and laughed, hands cradling her stomach."Unemployed! And that Evans didn't have half the wit, running off with him-""Her surname was Evans?" Harry asked, clapping a hand over his mouth when Aunt Marge and Uncle Vernon both spared him a similar glance, their smiles cut right in half.Uncle Vernon was the first to react, however, shaking a fat finger in front of his face, "Listen, boy, you will not mention that woman in front of my presence. Do you understand?""But Aunt Marge talked about her first!""Hold your tongue, you brat!" Aunt Marge screamed, shaking her finger just like her brother was while Harry shrunk away, "Just like her, you are. Never liked her. Bad blood, I tell you. A rightful bitch-""No!" Harry shouted, his fingers tight over the jar, "My mother wasn't- wasn't whatever you just called her!"He took a deep breath, not able to bring himself to be guilty about his relatives' hurt pride."She was kind. She was beautiful. She had kind eyes, and silky black hair and-"Both Dursleys bellowed in laughter, slapping their knees and looking at each other before laughing even louder. Harry bit his lip, darting his eyes between the two, fear pooling inside him. It was horrifying, for reasons Harry didn't understand, to see them laugh as if he were wrong. As if he didn't know any better.The realization came swift and cruel, when Harry wasn't ready.Harry was afraid. Harry was confused.He wasn't afraid of Uncle Vernon or Aunt Marge.He was afraid, because for the first time in his life, Harry wasn't sure if the image he built of his parents' was true: whether his mother did have kind eyes, whether the elder Potter was employed. Whether on that cold, November day, they really had abandoned him out of poverty, burdening him on someone else.And whether he was wanted at all.Aunt Marge recovered first, wiping her eye clear of a tear. Shaking her head while she patted her brother's shoulder, who was now choking and coughing into his hand."A downright mess," Uncle Vernon managed in between coughs, a terrible screech emitting from his throat, "A mess, no doubt. But you better cut it out, boy. I don't want to hear another sound from you on the way back to Edwin."Both of them turned to walk to the door, an occasional whisper to each other sending them into a fit of laughter uncomfortable to watch or listen.Harry raised his head, suppressing a sob, and said very slowly and very clearly, braver than he had ever been, "I'm not going back."The whispers ceased, half-cut and comical. The way they turned to face him, however, was nothing to joke about. Uncle Vernon looked confused, which often was the only other expression he managed when he wasn't angry, and Aunt Marge looked like someone had landed a good kick to her precious (and rather vicious) dogs."What?""I'm-" Harry's voice cracked, but he hid it with a cough, "I'm not going back with you. Ever. Not when I've found-" but what was it that he had found, really? A home, a teacher? A Professor Harry had manipulated himself into liking because there wasn't anyone else to fit the trusted adult role he wanted? Harry hadn't found a home. He'd found a map. A map that made witty remarks when he took the wrong road, sure, but a map nonetheless. Harry raised his chin, lifting the jar for a better grip, "No when I've found somewhere I can feel safe. Mast- no, E-Edwin must have told you, but I have a debt to repay, or Professor Snape will report him, and he'll get arrested, and I'm-I'm sure that… You won't be safe, either, for selling me to work for him either."Uncle Vernon sputtered, his face paling, no doubt contemplating the notion of taking Aunt Marge by the arm and dragging her out of the shop, cursing the brat not to come back, ever. Then Harry would lock the door, slide down the glass, and, after Snape arrived, pretend nothing had ever happened.However, that wasn't to be.Though Uncle Vernon did sputter, taking hold of Aunt Marge's arm to lead her out of the shop, Aunt Marge wasn't as willing to comply. Briefly, he saw the confusion fade into anger. And then Aunt Marge was pouncing towards him.Harry wasn't sure what struck him as odd about the way Aunt Marge prowled towards him. But in the next second, instead of reacting the way he usually would (which would be to cower away and accept whatever was coming), the open jar in Harry's hands flew past his fingers, whirling in the air and-Collided with Aunt Marge.A few things happened in the following minutes, all in all in a bizarre, unfathomable sequence.Aunt Marge shouted out in pain, cradling her head, where the jar had hit without breaking, spilling ginger all over her, making Uncle Vernon catch the jar mid-fall and sweep her sister's clothes free of the spice. That didn't help in the least, though Harry found some amusement in it. It didn't last, though. Because afterwards, Aunt Marge sputtered, wiping her mouth and trying to rid herself of the spice that had fallen like snow over her jacket and shoulder, decorating her face with brown smudges.And then her skin started to burn.Well, not really, but Harry was well versed in rashes by now, and these were no different. Patches of red appearing like wild marks on her skin, Aunt Marge kept on screaming, wiping her eyes and mouth with the end of her shirt."WHAT DID YOU DO?" roared Uncle Vernon, running to her side and trying to help her to a chair beside the chimney, dropping the jar in the process, "WHAT DID YOU DO?""I don't know!" Harry shouted back, looking around the shop in panic. As if expecting something, or someone, to appear and handle the situation much better than Harry currently was. For Snape to appear, perhaps. Because the longer Aunt Marge screamed, flailing her arms, the more Harry thought that this really wasn't a normal reaction to ginger.Especially not, when Aunt Marge's back hit the chimney and her arms flung to the shelves, toppling jars shattering, the herbs and other prized materials showering down into a chaotic mess.That wasn't all that was broken.Like the shattered glass, Harry's defenses also shattered: the once familiar smell of Aunt Petunia's perfume blended with the cacophony of breaking glass and shouting adults, inciting a bolt of fear in Harry. Harry was no longer was in his cupboard, terrified. Terrified and angry because this shouldn't be fair. It couldn't be fair.Terrified because he was alone. Because it was all his fault. It burned, really, it did.Every thought he harboured on his side of the cupboard and the people that waited outside.The real chaotic heap, as he rocked on the hard floor, something oozing down his back and the throbbing in his bones that would never heal.Terrified. Guilty. Breathing hard and then not at all.He doesn't remember the slashes. The hits. Only feels the aftermaths, when he'd rather not feel at all. Because Harry Potter was an orphan. Harry Potter was a burden. Harry Potter was alone and abandoned, unloved, and he only had himself to blame.The intrusive thoughts were there, no matter how mindless Harry was when he left the shop, running outside. They were there, no matter how fast Harry sprinted.The sharp wind clashed with his skin, ripping his hair away from his face. The buildings around him whirled past in a single, dry colour. Nothing more than a musky background before the tall structures faded into smaller, dirtier piles in a smaller, dirtier street. Harry didn't stop there, either. He ran, ran, and ran. Pausing once or twice to either catch his breath or turn into an alley to escape an approaching stranger.The river greeted him when he escaped an alleyway, running down a bridge Harry couldn't remember the name of. Panting, Harry placed his hands on his legs, his throat burning and a stitch stabbing into his side.A few minutes later, Harry was dragging himself up the bridge that was abandoned for the night. No cars drove past, no horse came galloping down the road. No uncle Vernon dragged him by the neck, no Aunt Marge wrapped her thick hands around his fist. Only the river dared to make any noise, the stars veiled behind dark clouds, hiding the moon. A full moon.Harry stalked down the gravel, beside the columns and rails that looked down at the gushing waters below, black and senseless. A void, really, almost fantastical, now that Harry looked at it, his head in between the rails.He sighed, wiping his eyes and blinking furiously, trying to get rid of the tears. He wouldn't cry. He wouldn't give them that satisfaction, though they weren't watching. He wouldn't let anyone, even himself, see Harry Potter crying alone, by the bridge, contemplating whether he could survive a jump.Covering his face with his hands, he slid to the floor, pebbles rough under his new pair of shoes.New shoes. Harry stared, transfixed, running a hand down the sole. A smile, similar to the one he had when Snape had handed it to him, a size too big so he could wear it next year, growing on his lips. He hoped Snape wouldn't be too angry when he went back.When he went back? Harry took a mental step back. Would he be going back? Did he even dare? He didn't want to face the wrath of his Uncle and Aunt-Harry winced, shaking his head, a new flashback close to surfacing. He wouldn't think about it. Wouldn't ponder it. Harry was not going back. He'd find work elsewhere, not a chimney sweep this time, and send half of his wage to Snape to repay his debt, after which he would save some for his family, for Oliver, Marie-Lue and the others. He would buy a house, buy food and they would find happiness, not relying on prayers and adults any longer.Harry pushed himself away from the railing in new found motivation, feeling like for once, he could shoulder the world. Taking a deep breath, he turned on his heel, chest puffed out and took the first step down the shale.He did a double take when he heard a train puffing down the road.Harry's brows knit closer as he frowned, blinking multiple times in the direction of the puffing. Rubbing his chin, he tilted his neck for a better view, squinting in the direction of two blurry flames peeking through the darkness. Surely it couldn't be a train. His knowledge on the locomotives were scarce to none, but even Harry knew that no train could travel without rails or spew as little noise as this train did.Harry wouldn't deny his curiosity.The train was approaching, now, faster than any carriage or automobile Harry had seen on the road. Turning his body to the source, Harry began to walk, his parted lips tilting in a slight smile.At that moment, Harry thought he saw something out of the corner of his eye, along with a prickling feeling that he was being watched, but the bridge seemed deserted, and no light shone other than those of the train. On the other side of the bridge, the side he'd come from, came a single sound. Harry squinted, turning his head for a better view. He didn't stop walking, though. The shape grew in size, tall and lumpy. But Harry didn't have time to untangle what it was because the lump disappeared as soon as the train, which really wasn't a train, appeared, sending Harry toppling down to the floor with a yell.Harry winced, rubbing his arm, which he had flung to block his fall. A small throb ached on his side too, while the, well, giant automobile's puffing stopped, like a person holding their breath. Not only that, but the metal seemed to bend, as if it had run miles upon miles and now needed to take in deep breaths.One giant wheel stopped where Harry's feet had been seconds ago. They belonged, of course, to a violently purple train (Harry didn't know what else to call it, though he had seen something similar to this before, though horse-drawn), which had appeared out of thin air. Gold letters on the side spelled The Knight Bus. Ridiculous. What good would putting the K in front of night do if you had to read it as K-night?Harry wondered if the fall damaged more than his arm. Then a conductor leaped out of the bus and began to speak loudly into the night."Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency bus for the stranded persons. Just stick in your money, hop on board and we can take you anywhere you want to go. My name-""What?" Harry said, bewildered, because there were more than a few things to be bewildered about. So while Harry pushed himself up, he began with the first of all his concerns."The Knight Bus?""That's what I've said. Now, my name-""But it starts with a K! How can it be read as night when it starts with K?"The man lowered the paper cards from where he was reading from and eyed Harry suspiciously."Who taught you how to read?"Harry frowned, "A professor."The conductor laughed, his voice echoing in the air, "Well, I'm no professor. I don't know myself, so don't ask me, but it is read as it is read. Ask your professor when you see him again.""I'm not seeing him again," Harry said, shuffling on his feet.The conductor shrugged, then eyed the pavement, "What were you doin' down there?""Fell over," said Harry."'Choo fell over over for?""I didn't do it on purpose," said Harry, annoyed. One of the knees on his new trousers were torn, and the hand he had thrown out to break his fall had a nasty gash. Harry dusted himself with dismay, then turned to face the side of the bridge where the black shape had been. Nothing, of course, Harry noted with a sigh, inspecting his trousers again with a deep frown."'Choo lookin' at?" said the condutor.Harry stared at the man, then shook his head, "Nothing. So, you said you'd take me anywhere, did you?""That's what the Knight Bus is for," the conductor said, lifting his cards again, "My name is Stan Shunpike, and I will be your conductor this evening. Have any money on you?"Harry dug his hands into his pockets, surprised to find them both full. One had the key to the safe box. Harry dropped the key back inside with red ears, and lifted his other hand with the money Snape had told him to put inside the safe box, "Is this enough?"Stan took the money, counted some in his palm, and looked at Harry, "Depends. Where do you want to go?"Harry's shoulders fell. Where did Harry want to go? Somewhere to work, surely, but where was somewhere he could work while being safe? He looked up at Stan, his face shadowed, and asked him instead, "Somewhere I can work safely. Where people won't question me or where I've come from."Stan lifted a finger to scratch his hair under his cap. A moment later he clapped his hands, counted the money again. He pocketed some, and dropped the rest into Harry's palm."Welcome to the Knight Bus!" he declared, ushering him up the steps and into the bus, which, other than the compartment reserved for the driver, was just two rows of seats on each side, and a long, wide one at the very back. The seats weren't what was remarkable, though. It was the passengers. They lay on their backs and sides on wide, frail looking cushions with blankets draped over their bodies."No luggage?" asked Stan with an air of confirmation. Harry nodded and Stan led him to a seat right behind the driver, which looked to be the only empty seat among the fifteen or so. Harry noted that this row of seats were all occupied by men, while the other side only had women lining them."This is our driver, Ernie Prang. Ern, this is- eh, you never told me your name, dincha? Woss your name, kid?""Neville Longbottom," said Harry, saying the first name that came to his head. Snape hadn't used his name with the kind Professor Patel, afterall, and told him not to tell anyone anything about himself. Nevilles's name was unfortunate to come to mind because Mrs Augusta Longbottom had gone on a lengthy situation with Snape about her grandchild while buying his medicine, making Harry feel a little sorry for the boy, "So- so this bus," he went on quickly, hoping to distract Stan, "It goes anywhere? Anywhere?""Well, the distance is important, of course, and depends on how much time you have on your hands, but bother that, now," Stan said, shutting him up with a flick of his hand, "Diagon Alley, Ern. Take 'er away."Ernie, an eldery man wearing very thick glasses, nodded to Harry, who nervously flattened his fringe. The two lights Harry had seen from a distance were glowing warmly on Ernie's side.The bus gave a hard jolt, then a BANG, before resonating with the familiar puffing Harry heard, and the bus was off, travelling on the gravel with speed Harry was not accustomed to. He had seen horseless carriages and automobiles, of course, and dreamt of riding one someday. But now, Harry would have preferred the horse carriage,the rows of seats sliding about as the bus flew down the road."How did you know I was stranded?" Harry asked Stan who now had a newspaper lifted to the light and read while shaking on his spot by the door."Didn't," Stan said, turning the page, the paper ruffling from the wind that whistled through the window of Ernie's compartment, "Passing by, and we saw you on the street, sort of lonely looking. Why?" he said, looking at Harry from above the papers, "Aren't you stranded?"Harry shrugged, lifting his head to look out through the window. Upon seeing nothing but black and dark, Harry looked back at Stan, "I think I am. But what about this Diagon Alley? Will I be able to work there? Without, well, you know," Harry grabbed his arms, licking his lips nervously, "Where I won't be pushed away because of my... skin color?""Happened a lot, that, did it?" Stan said, still turning another page with an airy tone that seemed to dismiss him entirely."Happened enough," Harry said, pulling his legs onto the seat and leaning on the window, some memories resurfacing. Harry cleaning himself up, parting his rowdy hair and dusting his clothes, presenting himself only to be turned away by one employer and the next. Soot was good, in that way. It tainted even the palest person black, and was a perfect disguise for one to walk in town without a second glance."There are those that stand against it. Those that kill others for it," Harry looked up with a horrified expression, "But Diagon Alley don't judge a man by the skin. Though with Black around, not many are keen on hiring strangers.""Black?" Harry repeated, sort of relieved, then squinted at the newspaper, "Is that the murderer that's walking around?""'Course he was, Neville. Where you been?"He gave a superior sort of chuckle at the blank look on Harry's face, removed the front page, and handed it to Harry.Harry took a single glance before holding it up for Stan, "I can't read in this light.""I reckon not, with those reading abilities of yours. You oughta read the papers more, Neville. Good practice," he shook his head, refusing to take the page back, "Already read it. I think you need it more than me."Harry muttered a thanks and folded the paper, fitting some of it inside his pocket, though half still protruded, "So how long until Diagon Alley?" Harry asked, still trying to stuff the page inside without ripping anything."Quite close, eh, Ern?""Ar," said Ernie darkly.Stan spun to face him, hands on the back of his head, "You weren't far, when we picked you up. Cut the fare down slim, dincha?"Harry blinked. Crossing his arms, he leaned his head on the hard back of the seat tiredly, the events of the night playing in his mind before Harry pushed them away, refusing to think about it, "Hope they have an inn, there. I'm exhausted.""You can get a few nights at the Leaky Cauldron," Stan said, patting his pocket where Harry's, well, Snape's money was, "A week, if you're lucky.""The Leaky what?""Blimey, Neville," Stan said, crossing the distance between them to flick him on the head, "You really hit your head, dincha?"Harry supposed he had. Closing his eyes, he leaned on the wood again, dozing off only to open them soon after when Ernie slammed his foot down and the bus skidded to a halt. Surprised no one had slipped down the seats, Harry pushed himself up, about to resume his sleep when Stan opened the door, "That's you, Neville," he said, and jumped down the steps, shivering and missing his jacket."Thanks," Harry said to both of them."You get your head checked, Neville," Stan said, and the bus rolled off again, puffing and flying down the road at a speed that still confused Harry.Turning around, Harry faced the front of a small, shabby looking pub. The Leaky Cauldron stood as dead as the night.Steering himself towards the entrance, Harry lingered there, debating whether to knock or not. He took a deep breath, gripped the door handle and pushed, leading the way to an interior that wasn't very different from the outside.The bell that chimed above him brought out a man from a door inside. He was holding a lantern, and when Harry walked forward, he saw the stooping figure of a man who was giving him a toothless grin, "Welcome, young man. Room for the night?""Uh, well, yeah," Harry said, nodding his head."Would you like to pay now, or in the morning?"Harry's shoulders sagged in relief. With a small smile, he nodded, "In the morning, please."The man nodded, walking to the door he had come in from, leaving Harry in the dark until he came back out, key in hand, "Come with me."Harry followed the man up a dingy, unstable set of wooden stairs that creaked at every step. Not trusting the railing, Harry balanced himself using the wall, sleep getting harder to fend off by the minute.At the first floor, the man turned right, stopping at the end of the corridor and slipping the key inside. The lock turned in a satisfying click, and the door opened to a dark, small room with an even smaller bed."Your room is number ten," the man said, pushing the key to Harry's hand.Harry stifled a yawn, his eyes burning, "Thank you, er-""Tom," the man said, his voice hazy in Harry's ears. Nodding, Harry walked inside, closing the door but not locking it. Instead, he threw himself onto the bed, not bothering with the blankets, and closed his eyes.Sleep came easily, that night.

Please note that the dates are deliberately written as such in the following chapter. It's wrong, yes, I know, but next chapter we'll learn why I have written as such. Thank you for reading. :)The next morning, Harry woke up exhausted.It felt like the Knight Bus was weighing his body down, burying him on the mattress by the bones. Harry opened his eyes, squinted at the sun filtering through the dusty panes, and turned his head to the other side. He would have turned his body, too, if his limbs didn't feel rock heavy and about to fall off. He tried to move the arm pinned under his weight, at least, and groaned. The bedframe groaned with him.Soon after, Harry opened his eyes again. He bared his teeth, both hands clenched into fists. He was tired. So very, very tired.Sleep was persistent in dismissing him.Fifteen minutes later, Harry finally managed to roll to his back, staring at the ceiling. Old pieces of wood ran down its length. A sour colour that seemed to be coated in several layers of dust. The room wasn't much different, either. Wooden floorboards, thin-looking walls, and horrible decor. Harry wasn't surprised to find himself missing his room at Snape's apothecary, with the warm coloured walls, the small work table and cushioned chair. Harry took some of the sheets in his hands, pinching the material between his fingers before dropping his hand down with a groan. Why had he run away? Why hadn't he just ignored his Aunt and Uncle? They couldn't break windows, surely, heavy fisted though they may be. Uncle Vernon was always deathly afraid of law enforcement. He'd even backed off when Harry mentioned Snape would report to the constables, dragging his sister with him until the ginger ruined everything.Harry hated ginger.Taking a deep breath, Harry pushed himself up. His feet landed on the floorboards with a dry thud, sending dust flying about, catching the sunlight. Another heave, and Harry was up - wobbling and flinging his arms about him until he caught his balance, resting his hands on the bed. Right, the bed. Harry took the cheap material in his hand, the rough fabric itchy on his skin and pulled it harshly. Dust came with it - a whirling storm that invaded his mouth and nose and sent Harry into an ugly coughing fit.Harry waved his hand in front of his face, trying to get rid of the dust and glared at the sheet once his coughing ceased."Right, then," he snapped, grabbing at the sheet one last time before starting to smooth them out with aggressive movements, dragging the creases with harsh pulls until he had a somewhat satisfactory look.Somewhat.Harry noted that it only made him feel guilty.He could do better than that. And he did. Three tries and some angry tears later Harry stalked to the door, grabbing the key and twisting it to the right. It didn't open. He tried again. No click came from the door. Cupping his head in his hands, Harry waited until he gained some composure before pulling the key off, number ten branded on its side and cupped the door handle. The door opened without a fight and Harry almost kicked the door as he walked out, this time locking it.The hallway on floor one was as he expected: ugly wood, worn out carpets and windows that could do with some cleaning. Harry didn't understand why the way the wood looked made him so anxious, as if any minute something was going to burst through and strangle him, so he kept his back hunched and his eyes glued on the patterns of the carpet - giant red and blue triangles that flowed down the rug in various directions, leading the path towards the staircase.He was about to walk downstairs, from which some vigorous noises were already rising, when he caught sight of himself in the mirror. Confused, Harry stepped back, his eyebrows knitting close together.He looked pathetic.The shirt was wrinkled, and so were the trousers. A visible fold ran down his leg and reached the cut on his knee. Harry's posture sagged at the sight of it. Lifting his eyes, however, Harry found that it wasn't the only bad thing about him. His hair (which was a bird's nest already on a good day) was simply rotten - crinkled, wild, lifting in random directions and not flattening when Harry pressed down.Harry peeked at both sides of the corridors, listening for approaching steps. When none came, Harry took a hesitant step forward before the mirrors and licked his fingers, combing through the wild strand, specifically the bangs over his scar. Aunt petunia had always warned him to keep those bangs down, screaming whenever she caught sight of-Harry shook his head, slapping his forehead. He wouldn't think about it. Not here.Bending down, Harry took out his shoes and pulled his socks up underneath his trousers before putting the shoes back on and buttoning them up. And finally, Harry smoothed out his shirt with his hands, rebuttoning them by the sleeves and collar until he looked at least a bit presentable. Not in front of Snape, no. The man would probably send him to his room, shouting behind him to fix himself up before he made a disgrace of himself.It was enough for the Leaky Cauldron, however. Dingy inn, dingy boy.Harry turned around and made his way down the stairs. The creaking wood sounded louder, somehow, even though Harry could make out much laughter coming from the entrance. Well, there shouldn't be much of a crowd, considering how this place was one of those that didn't judge a man by the skin, as Stan put it. He wasn't sure if he believed it. Harry chuckled, his feet touching the landing. Surely the people here couldn't be like him.And he was right.The people here weren't like him at all.They were everything and they were more.Harry's mouth hung open as he walked beside the counter to the eating area where seated at the tables were the most, well, un-normal people had ever seen.Men, women, children. All of them with skin tones Harry had never seen, ranging from a man paler than snow with even paler hair to a man black as the soot Harry used to clean. But not only that, there were people that wore blemishes and different colour patches on their skin, laughing along and talking to their companions as if this were normal. As if they were normal.Harry thought Snape was admirable to not abuse him based on his skin colour, and he had never brought it up, grateful Snape was willing to eat at the same table with him while most people loathed walking on the same street as him. But Harry had also thought Snape had some foreign descent, too, with the same narrow eyes that some strangers on the harbour had once or twice. A man had called them Asians just as Harry passed.Harry didn't ask Snape about it.But this scene at the inn? Harry couldn't stop staring as he walked to Tom who was behind the counter and serving a man with brown skin and clothes that were most obviously not of London, or even England.Eyes still wide, Harry didn't notice the man was calling for him until Tom patted his shoulder."What?" Harry turned, confused and a hand covering his mouth."You are here to pay the bill, young man?" Tom said, grinning and taking a notebook from under the counter, "Had a good rest?"Not entirely, but Harry gave him a smile. Not a forced one. It came as natural as the bewilderment he was still experiencing, "Uh, yeah, thanks," he said, pocketing his hands and searching for the coins in his pocket. A few things came out before that, though. The key to the safe box and the folded front page of the newspaper. In the light, Harry could now make out the newspaper's name as the Daily Prophet and some snippets of the photograph that no doubt belonged to Sirius Black."Uh, would this be enough?" Harry said, pushing the money forward. Tom counted the coins on the counter, murmuring under his breath until he took some portion back, "More than enough. How long are you going to stay, young man?"Harry looked down, toeing the bottom of the counter, "I'm not sure. Until I earn enough from a job.""Ah, where you working at?"Harry blushed, and mumbled quickly, "Haven't found one yet."Tom nodded, scratching his chin and taking a pen that was stranded on the counter, "Well, I'm sure you'll find some work in Diagon Alley. If not, you can always tend to some tables here for room and board. Pay me when you need to leave," Tom said, and pushed the remaining of the coins to Harry, opening his book and grinning down at him, "Deal?"Harry's face immediately lifted, a wide smile pulling at his lips, "Really?""Well, long as you don't steal," Tom said with a chuckle and leaned on the counter, "What's your name, young man?"Harry opened his mouth to answer, Neville's name on his lips before he closed it again. He didn't like the idea of lying to Tom, after his kindness."Harry," he finally said, settling for a half-truth."Just Harry?" Tom said, lifting the pen over a page.Snape's warning came to mind again."No, uh, I'm Evans. Harry Evans," he said beaming, and instinctively flattening his bangs, "Harry Evans.""Harry… Evans," Tom repeated, writing the name down, the pen scratching the paper in rough, fast strokes, "I'll have breakfast ready for you, Harry. You just wait on a table. Anything you can't eat?"Harry raised a brow, thinking of what he meant before he nodded vigorously."Nothing with ginger, please."Breakfast, which consisted of sausages, bread, and a warm cup of milk, Harry opened the newspaper Stan had given him and laid it out on the table he was sharing with a couple, smoothing the crinkles on the page.Sirius Black's photograph glared at him, mouth open in a scream. Harry couldn't hear him, of course, but he still had the impression that he could catch his voice in the distance, his rage echoing inside the cell he was being held in by a number of hands.Harry shuddered. Dropping his fork, Harry pushed his plate away and pulled the paper closer, reading along with his finger.BLACK STILL AT LARGESirius Black, possibly the most infamous prisoner ever to be held in Azkaban fortress, is still eluding capture, the Ministry confirmed today. "We are doing all we can to recapture Black," said Minister Cornelius Fudge this morning, "and we beg the community to remain calm." Fudge has been criticized by some members of the Court and High Council for informing the foreign embassies of the crisis."Well, really, I had to, don't you know," said an irritable Fudge. "Black is mad. He's a danger to anyone who crosses him, British or not. I have their assurance that they will tread carefully on the matter, including word of Black's alliances. And let's face it — we're not the only ones that are in danger." While it has been told that Black is carrying multiple revolvers, the community lives in fear of a massacre like that of twelve years ago, when Black murdered thirteen people with a single explosive. Harry looked into the shadowed eyes of Sirius Black, the only part of the sunken face that seemed alive. Harry didn't think it was possible to look so dead while alive but Black, with his waxy white skin, looked just like a corpse."Scary looking thing, isn't he?" a waiter said, picking up Harry's empty plate and mug, "That Sirius Black?""He murdered thirteen people?" said Harry, holding the page to the waiter, whose face on one side was terribly burnt, "just like that?""Oh, yes," the waiter said with a one sided frown, the burnt side of his face deathly still, "Best to be careful outside, lad. If he did it in broad daylight, with witnesses and all, God alone knows what he'll do next."And then the waiter left, squeezing himself through the tables to the back of the shop.Harry watched him disappear behind a swinging door before he turned to the page, looking for more articles to read, when the man in front of him spoke."I heard Black was a big supporter of You-Know-Who," he said. Lifting his head, Harry saw a black man who was wearing a brimless, cloth cap looking down at the article and pointing at Black's picture with a finger, "Very close to His ranks."Harry tilted his head and glanced back at the drawing, trying to decode what the man had said."You-Know-Who?" Harry repeated, turning the page over to its front, finding the title awfully hilarious, and would have laughed if not for the situation,"Uh, who's You-Know-Who?""You don't know?" the woman beside the man asked in a monotonous voice, a hand adjusting her head wrap before continuing in the same toneless way while the man pulled on his jacket, "That's very odd."Harry was beginning to think that all his life, he was kept out of a secret that he was meant to know. Irritated, he pressed his lips together and crumpled the page into uneven folds, "Well, why don't you tell me, then?" he snapped, immediately feeling guilty when the man's eyes widened in surprise while he stood up, reaching for some sticks that were leaning on the table with crescent shapes on each end."Uh, sorry, I'm really sorry," Harry said, rubbing his neck, "I'm having a bad few days.""Completely understandable," the woman said, again toneless, adjusting her blouse as well as a necklace which had two triangles intervening to make a star at its end, "I'm having a bad day myself."The man chuckled and handed the sticks to her. The woman threw her legs over the bench and took the sticks from the man. Standing up, she positioned the crescent shapes under her arms and walked around the table, so now Harry could see that she only had one foot under her green dress, making Harry blush around the ears in shame."He was a bad man, an evil man that hated those that weren't him, and killed those who dared oppose him and his ideologies."Though Harry processed the words, he wished she wouldn't say it as though she was talking about the weather. The man behind the woman shuddered, shaking his head with a grim frown, "A serial killer, more likely. He campaigned his ideologies, spread it around those with similar views and began a ranging terror in Britain, killing coloured, disabled, and non-Christian folks.""I heard he killed many children, as well. Leaving them with scars on their foreheads before setting their houses ablaze. Horrific."Harry's heart suddenly stopped and his mouth went dry, no longer caring if the woman's voice was monotone. Reaching a hand, Harry touched his own forehead, the words echoing inside his head like blaring sirens.No, it couldn't be. He did have a scar, and parents whose house burnt down, which led them to abandon their son (Harry's heart gave a twisted, painful wrench), but he was alive now. He was alive. He wasn't dead, like all those children."But you can be happy, lad," the man said, readjusting his jacket with a hearty grin, "Today's the anniversary of his death.""What?""He died thirteen years today, thanks to the Boy-Who-Lived."You-Know-Who, Diagon Alley, the Knight Bus, the Leaky Cauldron? And now the Boy-Who-Lived? If Harry wasn't as shocked as he was now, he would have laughed in confusion, demanding to know who had come up with such names. As of now, however, his head was starting to hurt and a horrible wave of fear was starting to trickle up his body, a painfully heavy, foul wave."You can find some books in Diagon Alley, lad, I don't doubt it," the man said, lifting the woman's bag from the bench, "Just look for the library and ask for a copy of Recent Local History, volume two.""Poor child," the woman said, her toneless voice breaking silently and rather painfully, "Survived You-Know-Who but went missing soon after. I do hope he's happy now, though. Happy and laughing somewhere," turning to Harry, she gave him a swift wave, "Well, goodbye, then."The man nodded at Harry, and turned to follow the woman's lead, balancing the heavy bag on his right arm.Harry blinked, looking down at the crumpled page in front of him. With sudden realization, he ripped it open once more, creating an ugly tear in the middle while he searched for the publishing date.July 30, 1874.His heart almost thudded to a stop before pumping fast in Harry's ears, because if that was yesterday's date, then today was July 31st. The anniversary of You-Know-Who's and the Boy-Who-Lived's apparent death.It also happened to be Harry's birthday , which he had forgotten with the events of yesterday.Still not believing what had happened and with far more questions than ever, Harry made a sudden turn, snatching the newspaper with a jolt and stumbled after them, almost tripping twice and bumping into various people and furniture multiple times, "Wait!"The couple turned around, as well as some people around them. Harry ignored them, though he still felt anxious from their stares, but focused on the bewildered confusion on the man's face, "What was his name?""Who's, lad?""The Boy-Who-Lived!" Harry said, throwing his arms up, his faced flushed, "Who else-""Harry Potter," the woman said, toneless, staring at him with hollow eyes.Harry's shoulders fell, the paper floating to the floor in a defeated sort of way."What?""The Boy-Who -Lived. His name was Harry Potter."Harry would have found it easier to focus if he hadn't heard all of this information. And for that reason alone, he had taken to his room almost immediately to clear his mind before giving up entirely and deciding to enter Diagon Alley to find the previously mentioned book and any information on his new situation.Walking out the door at around two in the afternoon, Harry found that he was somewhat glad Snape hadn't disclosed much of his past. Though to be fair, he wouldn't have believed the man if he had. It still sounded atrocious while he walked to the back of the inn which led to the Alley, a sort of lie these people had bought up. Because if he really was Harry Potter, a famous Boy-Who-Lived, why didn't everyone else he met during these thirteen years recognize him? Why was Snape the only one to recognize him by face and not name? Shaking his head, Harry crossed the distance between him and the door, lifting his head to get a better look at it.It wasn't a big door, Harry thought, staring at the handle on the dark wood. Windowless and of much better quality than the rest of the inn, spiral patterns carved along its length. Nothing admirable.Taking a deep breath, Harry pulled the handle down and pushed.The bright sun hit him in the eye unexpectedly, making him gasp. Squinting, Harry held up a hand to shield his face, blinking to get rid of the light that was now flashing in his vision.Momentarily blind, Harry was left amidst waves of noise that came from all directions. Laughter, excited talk and the general sound of the public, all with an air of a celebration. And as his vision eventually returned, Harry swore he could hear some instruments coming from the distance.If Harry was taken aback by what he had seen inside the Leaky Cauldron, nothing could match the surprise he had received once stepping into the busy streets of Diagon Alley. And if he hadn't heard what the couple said, he might have enjoyed it far more.On a narrow road squashed between rows of stalls and shops, were people of all shapes and sizes, some much, much taller than Harry, while some could only come up to his waist. Exactly like how it was inside the Leaky Cauldron, the people here also had skin colours of various tones and shades, some of which were dressed in clothes that Harry had never seen before.Harry took a step forward and started to make his way through the street, dodging people while trying to look for a help-wanted sign on a shop, a wide, lopsided smile on his face. He wished desperately to carve this moment into his head, to forever have this moment of absolute joy and happiness, with all its colours, sounds, and emotions.Harry moved through the crowd, dodging people left and right while also keeping an eye out for the library. He wasn't really in the mood for asking anyone about it, understandably. Who would be able to approach anyone knowing they were some sort of missing idol that everyone supposedly knew? Harry didn't care if these people here looked approachable, and would most definitely not judge him. He was going to make sure no one in Diagon Alley learned about him.Sidestepping a few people seated in chairs with wheels (chairs with wheels!) and some other people that used the sticks the woman in the shop had, Harry finally found himself in front of a bookshop. Squinting at the name, Harry lowered his gaze to the window in defeat. Too blurry. But the writing on the glass -painted white over a red crest- spelled Flourish and Blotts. Well, he had some idea how to spell that, at least. Rubbing his hands together, Harry stepped over to the door and pushed.The door opened into a shop, which, except for the bookshelves that reached the ceiling, was unremarkable in every way. Harry closed the door behind him, flattened his bangs and walked to the empty counter. Well, the almost empty counter. Harry could barely see the other side with the stacks of books piled on the surface.He could, however, make out a bell between two tall piles. Wedging his hands between them, he managed to ring it twice, almost toppling the piles when he tried to take his hand back.A few moments later, Harry heard footsteps coming from the other side of the shop. He couldn't see the owner, the virtue of the books and his height, but when the man spoke, he could make out the odd lisp in his voice."Welcome to Flourish and Blotts. How may I help you?""Uhm," Harry rubbed his neck, feeling foolish about asking a bookshop owner for directions to the library, "I was wondering if you could tell me where the library is.""Ah, no matter, my young friend. Just turn right from here and when you see the Healer Shop, turn left and you'll find yourself there in no time. May I ask what book you're going to read, out of curiosity?""Recent Local History, volume two.""Ah," the man said in a voice that sounded defeated, "Well, doing some reading to honour the day?"Harry licked his lips and shrugged his one shoulder, "You could say that.""Well, have a good day, my young friend."The footsteps retreated to the back of the shop, and Harry left the shop soon after, running the directions in his mind.The Healer shop wasn't far. In fact, Harry found it not long after and took the left, which also led to the library in no time at all.But upon seeing what the library looked like, Harry couldn't help but be a little disappointed. He was expecting something grand. Something huge. Maybe with marble and pillars and statues. But instead, the shop was a two story, red-brick building with a dingy sign that looked like it was leaning a bit too much to the left, as if a powerful wind had bent it to the point of almost collapsing.Harry wrinkled his nose and dragged himself to the door.It opened with some struggle, the bottom of the door dragging on the red carpet. Harry pushed it open with his whole weight, his back to the door and the heels of his shoes digging into the carpet.Harry closed it behind him with equal trouble. A drop of sweat fell down his forehead. Wiping it with his sleeve, Harry moved to the small, round counter where a woman was resting her head with multiple mugs surrounding her pool of long, black hair.Harry avoided looking directly at the woman, and instead focused around the shop. This was a much better setting than Flourish and Blotts, with a space that looked wider than the prior shop and smelled more musty and cardboard-like than dust and old paper.The smell worsened as Harry stepped closer, and he realized it was coming from the empty mugs around the woman, including one that held some still, brown liquid."Excuse me," Harry said, a little over a whisper.The woman didn't stir, of course, so he tried again. This time louder."Excuse me, Ms?"No response.Harry shuffled his feet, and decided to find the history section on his own.He didn't, of course. But he did find some interesting titles he would like to read, as well as sections that tempted him rather too much, specifically the one on the second floor dedicated to basic school knowledge.At the end, Harry came shuffling back, glaring at the woman's head which still hadn't moved. This was becoming rather irritating.Lifting his hand, Harry touched the woman's scalp, and gave it a few pokes, "Excuse me!"The woman's head lifted lazily. Harry clenched his hands into fists behind him before scratching his arms with his nails, which were starting to grow rather long.The woman finally looked up, but she might as well not have bothered, with the dark, dark bags surrounding dead, cold eyes. Gulping, Harry dropped his arms and cleared his throat, hand in front of his mouth, "Hello.""What do you want?"Well, Harry could work with that."History section. I'm looking for Recent Local History, volume-""Of course you are. Second floor, far left corner, nudged between languages and geography. Now stop bothering me."And taking the half-empty mug, she threw it back in one gulp, a momentary smirk on her lips before her head plopped down on the table with a dull thud.Harry knew he wouldn't be bothering her, again. Confused and rather freaked out, he marched up the stairs behind the round counter, wandering to the far left corner. Sure enough, the section was there, rather small, compared to the other genres in the library.Harry ran his fingers along the thick spines, searching for the right once before his hand landed on a tattered copy of the book.A satisfactory smile widened on his lips as he pulled the book out. The book wasn't in good condition, but it was enough for Harry. He'd just have to be careful to not damage the emerald-green cover, though it wouldn't make any difference, seeing as the cover was a few days away from falling off.Not bothering with a chair or table, Harry laid the book on the floor and swiftly turned the pages. There was a table of contents, which he let out a mighty laugh at seeing, and ran a finger down the table to finally come across what he was looking for right at the bottom. Beneath it was a list of events Harry couldn't care about, so skipping it, he instead focused on the parts that involved him.1854-1865 (pg 100)Lord Voldemort (also known as He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, You-Know-Who and Lord Thomas Marvolo Riddle), and His and the Death Eaters' Campaign and Reign.The (Assumed) Death of You-Know-WhoThe Potters and the Suspected OrderHarry James Potter, the Boy-Who-LivedHarry closed the book. He wouldn't be able to finish this book now, with said contents taking up almost half the book. Standing up, Harry pressed the book under his arm and marched down the stairs.He did try to wake the woman again, to no avail, so with some hesitation, he started to walk to the door, clutching the book with a silent promise to bring it back and left the library, rather nervous as he walked back to the Leaky Cauldron.He didn't look anywhere else until he reached the inn, and even there he ran up the stairs without disturbing Tom.The path down the corridor seemed longer, somehow, as though someone had stretched it in his absence.When he finally reached the door, Harry plucked the keys from his pocket with shaking hands, fumbling with them while his eyes looked from one side to the other, heart thumping fast and unsteady, until the door opened and Harry dived in. He slammed the door behind him, locking it twice and leaned on the wood, breathing hard - hard and unsteady, until he was able to calm down.Releasing a deep breath, Harry lifted his head. The book felt heavy in his hands. Heavy, as though he was carrying a grown man and not a 300 page book. He pushed away from the door, walking to the bed briskly.The book laid still on his bed. Still and foreign, like it shouldn't have been there. Harry tried to tell himself that he wasn't stealing. That he was going to take the book back, eventually, and he was only borrowing it. It didn't stop him from approaching it with timid hands, though. He bit the inside of his cheek while his hands ruffled the pages to where he wanted to read.The Potters and the Suspected Order, black and bold, blinked at him on the page, almost mocking him. All this time, Harry had begged for some sort of information about his parents, about his past, and all this time, it was written inside a published book.Absolutely mocking.Harry shook his head, trying to get rid of the hollow feeling in his chest. Because this book, right here, could potentially be the evidence that his parents hadn't abandoned him at all, and died in that fire instead.Harry wasn't sure which option he preferred more, but when he started to read, it didn't matter anymore.James Potter and Lily J. Potter (née Evans)...James and Lily. How suiting. How lovely. How just like them, to have beautiful names.Harry felt the tears flow down, but didn't stop them. Instead, he pulled his legs to his chest and lowered his head into his arms, sobbing uncontrollably, his choking gasps making it harder to breathe.Harry cried. Harry cried hard.Because for the first time in his life, Harry Potter could finally, truly mourn for his mother and father.

Mild tw for unintended self-harm.Thank you all for your reviews!It took Harry several days to get used to his strange new freedom. Never before had he been able to get up or eat whenever he wanted. He could even go wherever he pleased, as long as it was in Diagon Alley, and as this long cobbled street was packed with the most fascinating shops in the world, it wasn't very hard to wander off to the outside world.This freedom also came with certain aspects he didn't quite fancy. For one, he was utterly miserable for reasons he couldn't understand. He usually couldn't sleep at night, and so he would irritably toss from one side to the other, scream into his pillow and cry himself to sleep.Most nights he couldn't sleep long enough, disturbed as he was by nightmares. Those nights he hated the world more than anything else.He just couldn't understand why he was feeling like this. Guilty, angry, afraid at the same time, breaking down at minor inconveniences as though he was carrying the world on his shoulders.Then again, he probably was.Due to his pathetic sleep patterns, Harry woke up at eleven or noon, depending on how the night had gone, and tossed in bed for a while before getting ready for the day.He'd snuggle under the sheets not long after, inducing him to pull Recent Local History, volume two (which was written by Alenxandria Alexander) from under his bed and read for the next two hours, until around two in the afternoon. Then he'd have a lovely crying session, in which he'd rather avoid the wooden walls in the corridors, before dragging himself outside, head down, feeling entirely numb.But that wasn't all Harry was up to.He still had to save money, if he ever hoped to achieve some stability, and tending to the tables at the Leaky Cauldron would only get him dinner and sleep, if he was lucky. Harry wasn't stupid. Diagon Alley was the most resourceful option he had, with many, many shops to choose from.To work for.To learn all and any information the adults might have on the Boy-Who-Lived.He avoided the tinsmith, which was right beside the entrance, and wavered between avoiding the apothecary or not. The woman would certainly ask where he'd gotten his experience, small though it may be, and if he even uttered Snape's name, he was sure she wouldn't wait a second before writing a letter to assess his abilities. No, best to avoid it entirely.He decided to ask Florean Fortesque for work at his parlour, because he had offered Harry some ice cream -free of charge!- after catching him making his rounds in the Alley, back hunched, rather depressed. The ice cream was like magic. Sugary, savoury and all the words that meant pleasant pulled into one. He almost dared to ask for more, when his bowl was finished, but instead thanked the man very sincerely before leaving the shop to head to another.The rest of the shopkeepers at Diagon Alley weren't so bad, Harry thought. Sure, that one shop that sold the most expensive articles of clothing had a very rude owner, but he'd have no problem avoiding her. Or the library.And so, in the one week Harry spent at Diagon Alley, he learned many great things.He learned how to serve ice-cream, how to clean books, how to sew clothes that needed mending…He also learned no one actually knew what had happened thirteen years ago to the Boy-Who-Lived or Voldemort.The couple had said Voldemort had died on his birthday, Alexandria Alexander said it happened on a cold, Halloween night.Tom said Harry Potter was dead, while Harry Potter wiped the counter in front of him with a wet rag and a grin.The woman at the second-hand clothes store who said she was from Thailand and called herself Fah was persistent that nothing of the sort had happened at all.The owner of Flourish and Blotts guaranteed that Lord Riddle and Voldemort were two different personalities entirely.Harry got some enjoyment out of watching these adults. Almost every customer had a different version of the tale, and almost none of them had read Alenxandria Alexander, but Harry could understand why. He had to shut the book himself when Alexander began to talk about a 'dark angel' that had come to tell her the truth about the night the Potter's had died. For a history book, Harry thought the book was very much subjective. And very much dependent on this angel she called her muse.But if there was anything Harry knew was correct, it was that close to his presumed death, Voldemort had turned far more nasty. As though attacking minorities and trying to push bills that would ensure the supremacy of native citizens were not enough, he opted to murder not soon after - murder of the children of families that weren't 'normal'.He'd invade homes, attack parents, if not killing them, and use a knife to carve their foreheads in lines of scars, after which he'd leave them in the house which his followers would set on fire.Until the night he attacked the Potter household.The book had given a very vivid description of the particular topic.Harry shut the book the minute things started to turn ugly, and didn't get out of his room for two days.Those two days, he cried more than he had ever before, flashbacks, nightmares, and the eventual numbness that came from refusing to think about it.That is, until this morning.A prickling sensation rippled on Harry's arm. He hadn't realised he had picked up the habit of scratching his arms until he felt a jab of pain on his skin. With a groan, Harry twisted his arm for a better look, wincing and staggering back when he caught sight of the red, bleeding line running down his skin.For a moment, he stared, petrified and curious. The blood was pooling on his skin, dark red and warm. So warm. He would have stood transfixed in his own shock, no doubt, if the blood didn't start dripping to the bedsheets and floor.With a gasp, he jumped to his feet, staring wide eyed at the red trail following him, heart thumping loud and angry. He rushed to the door, closed it and didn't bother locking it behind him. Running down the corridor with his head down, as to avoid the menacing doors, he didn't notice the man that was walking towards him until he collided with his shoulder and tumbled to the floor, scratching his arm on the carpet. With a hiss, he pushed himself up, cradling his now burnt and bleeding arm."I'm sorry," he cried to the man, struggling to find his balance, "I'm so sorry, but I'm in a rush!"And without looking at the man, he rushed down the stairs."Tom!" he shouted into the inn, still cradling his arm, head spinning with bright, small dots, "Tom!" he tried again, leaning against the counter, one hand flying over his mouth to stop a gag.Tom walked out the door that led to the kitchens, mortified. It didn't compare to the expression he showed upon seeing Harry's arm, however, confused between a fusion of horror and shock."Harry! What on Earth happened to you?""I- Small accident, you see, I read this thing and-" Harry's started, his words ceasing abruptly. Tom looked at him furrowed brows, his hands held open in front of him, "Harry?""Nevermind. I just need… I just need- are there any doctors in Diagon Alley?"Tom scratched his forehead, silent for far too long. Harry licked his lips and lifted a hand, shaking him by the shirt, "Tom! Doctor?""Ah!" Tom jumped, rather clumsily, due to his age and nodded vigorously. He knew the answer, no doubt, and wasted no time blurting out in a jumble of words, "Healer, on the left side, very close to Gringotts, right before you turn into Knockturn Alley. Does her work free of charge-""Great," Harry said, squeezing his shirt sleeve over his stinging arm, biting back a wince as the fabric smoothed over his arm, digging into the cut. The metallic smell was becoming nauseating by the time Harry turned to the back door, Tom's and the customers' eyes on his back, and he'd rather find this healer before he delayed anymore."I will send Yanase with you," Tom said, turning to the kitchens to find the waiter with the burnt face, "Yanase!"But Harry had thrown himself out the door the moment Tom had turned his back, blending into the busy street of Diagon Alley, arm clenched to his chest.He received a few queer looks. Most of them were concerned, some of them reluctantly so, and Florean gave him a wave, spoon in hand, which Harry returned with a vague smile. The pain was growing from a throb to spasms of pain, now, and the jostle of the crowd resembled ugly screeching in his ears.Eyes still down, Harry dodged the crowd ambling down the street, trying to keep as much to the right as he could. The pain, vibrating up and down his arm, was growing heavier and heavier. But with it, Harry felt something else. Something equally, if not more terrifying than the pain, because Harry felt alive. Strong, stable and controlled. The cut had been a mistake, yes, but in a way, it felt like the anchor Harry was searching for.He reached the Healer, while lost in his thoughts. The outside isn't much different than the rest, but is adorned with colourful paint that circles the white walls. There are only two small windows which are too high to reach, and a lonely wooden sign that reads Healer at the very top.Harry doesn't immediately trust it. The shop has a cheap feel to it - built from items discarded on the streets and painted to look defeatedly pleasing to the eye.Harry's arm gives another throb. This time, he turns back, deciding to tend to it himself. He only needs to take a single step to see Yasane, the waiter, walking towards him, parting his way awkwardly through the crowd with his pole-like body.Harry's posture sags and his head hangs down. Defeated, he steals a glance at the shop, then a glance back at Yasane and the crowd. He doesn't give Yasane enough time to reach him. Turning around, pebbles crunching under his shoes, Harry steps over the sidewalk and pushes the wooden door open.The strong waft of smells are immediately there to greet him. Herbal smells, they are. Minty and sharp inside the hot, suffocating air. For a moment, Harry imagines that this is what Snape's laboratory would look like. Shelves upon shelves are packed tightly with jars, while bubbling and boiling noises come from somewhere in the room. And hot. So very hot. Harry fumbles with his shirt, casting his eyes away from the phials on the shelves and steps to the front counter.There isn't a healer in sight, nor a bell to announce Harry's arrival. Instead, Harry finds a small, crystal ball and stacks of cards. Lifting a hand, Harry touches the ball, running a finger down the glass surface. It's cool, almost cold, and when Harry lifts his head to look at the door, he feels refreshed.Behind him, Yasane steps in, closing the door behind him. He smiles at Harry, back hunched because the ceiling is too low and dodges the ornaments and plants hanging from the ceiling to come closer to Harry."The healer isn't here?" he asks, looking like he'd rather be somewhere else.Harry gives him a similar look before eyeing his arm, "No," he mumbles, then looks behind the counter where a curtain parts the way between this room and the next, where the boiling noises were coming from, "Reckon we should, I don't know, go in there?"Yasane shuddered, despite the heat, and shook his head, "No. I- I don't want. Very unpleasing, I think. Wait here?"Harry shrugs, leans against the counter, and waits.Five minutes pass. Then ten. At the end of fifteen, when he can barely lift his arm, he storms around the corner towards the curtain, brows knitted tight and a scowl in his face."Evans! Evans wait-"He doesn't listen to Yasane and is about throw back the curtains himself when the healer finally comes out.Harry stumbled back, gasping. He tries to catch a look of the woman, at least, before he can stagger back but craning his neck only puts him in an awkward situation where he's falling again, flailing his arms.Holding out his uninjured arm, Harry tries to cut his fall, reminded rather hastily of the night with the Knight Bus. He doesn't fall this time, however. Doesn't feel the pain from the fall last time. He feels something much, much worse. A seizing pain that rivals almost anything he's felt that month. Well, almost.The woman's grip on Harry's arm doesn't falter when he cries out in pain. Without looking at the women, he tries to pry the fingers from around the cut, eyes tearing up. However, the woman's vice grip stays firm, and furthermore starts to drag him through the curtain to the other room."You!" she shouts suddenly, stopping mid-stride to point at Yasane, who points at his chest in surprise, "Yes, you! Go away, umfana, I will be alone with my patient."Yasane swallows heavily, eyes darting between the two, weighing his options before Harry nods his head, wiping some of the tears trailing down his burning cheeks.The woman's eyes follow Yasane until he's out the door. With a gentle thud, the door closed behind him and only after the woman saw Yasane walking past the window did she drag him to the back of the shop, her hold far more gentle and pushed him to the corner where he stood a long, wide bed."Sit," she ordered.Harry did, and upon her gaze, lifted his arm, bloody and wet under the also red shirt.The woman tutted and shook her head. Taking Harry's arm in her hands, she looked up at him with soft eyes before motioning his armIt took Harry an embarrassingly long time to understand that she was asking for permission. Harry blushed and nodded vigorously. A soft smile found her lips before they closed into a stern look. Her fingers, long and square, gripped the sleeve of Harry's shirt and slowly started to peel it away from the cut.Harry tried hard to not wince, to not make any noise. His lips pressed into a firm, straight line, biting the inside of his cheek and gripping the sheet under him in a tight fist. Then, it was over.The woman turned Harry's arm, lifting it to the light that was coming in from the window. She must have seen something Harry could not, the way she suddenly sprang to her feet and passed the boiling pots in the middle of the room towards the shelf on the other side, eyes scanning the shelves.Harry took this moment to observe the woman further. Her black skirt with beads layered on top of each other until they met with a shawl draped over her chest. Harry couldn't see much of her hair, but just beside her round red earring, he could just make out some black shapes over her dark skin before that, too, was hidden by a hat with a round brim on the top.The woman turned around and began to stride towards him, a few jars in hand. She bent down beside the table next to the bed, the jars perfectly lined up, and went back to the shelf before coming back with an odd bag with stripes.She pulled open the latch on the bag, and lifted out some small, white, soft looking balls and dropped them on the table as well. Standing up for the third time, she circled the room towards the fireplace and picked up onc of the many buckets beside it. She heaved it with no difficulty, and Harry presumed it to be lightweight until she placed it on the floor, pulling its lid. Harry bent over, catching the glimpse of water before he was pushed back by the shoulder."No," the healer simply said, bending down and reaching under the bed, arms coming back with a wide wooden bowl. Balancing the bowl on the bed, she took hold of his arm again and held it above the bowl, dipping the rag that was hanging on the belt she was wearing into the bucket, she gave it a tight squeeze before starting to clean the cut on Harry's arm. It stung. With every stroke, Harry winced and received a tight-lipped frown from the woman.Once that was done, and the water that had fallen on the basin was a murky colour, the healer moved onto the jars. Taking one white ball into her hand, she dabbed it inside one of the bigger phials, continuously, until it took the colour of the liquid, and once more, Harry's arm began to sting. Harsher, this time, and the feeling lingered even when the healer began to spread a balm over his cut."Hurts?" the healer asked, pushing the jars aside and balancing the bag on the bed."Uh, yes, but it's better now," Harry said, flexing his fingers and turning his arm around, "Thank you."The healer gave a stern nod of approval, but a hint of a smile grew on her lips at the concern still knitted on Harry's face. Lifting a roll of bandages, she unwrapped the fabric, the ends pooling on her skirt. Harry offered his arm before she asked for it. With another nod, the healer gently wrapped it around his arm, circling it slowly and steadily, and finally clipping it to place with a needle.Harry lifted his arm to his line of sight, flexing his fingers and running his free hand over the bandage. The material, rough to the touch, felt soft from the inside. Softer than his shirt, at the very least, because Harry didn't feel any itching from his cut."Thank you," he said to the woman, dropping his arm with a smile, "I would have liked to offer something, but I heard you do this for free. Thank you for that, as well."The healer nodded. Kneeling beside the table, she started to pack away her materials, stuffing the extra balls and bandages into her bag and lidding the jars close. Harry, not sure of what to do, jumped down from the bed, one hand still on the wooden frame. He stood still, observing the healer. Oddly reminded of Snape, when he took the time to help him from a nightmare or when he had fallen, always smelling like one herb or the other. But here, while the dominant smell was sharp and minty, Snape had the sort of smell that was nutty and bitter, close to ginger but not quite.Oh, ginger.Harry didn't know if ginger had any healing properties, but he was thankful the healer hadn't used it all the same.Rubbing the back of his nape, Harry faced the healer, smile lopsided, "So, um-" he clasped his hands in a firm clasp, "What's- If it's alright, can I learn your name."The healer turned, sharp and precise. She looked like Harry had just emitted an abominable screech in her shop, eyes wide and lips slightly parted. A flash of recognition passed over her eyes, however, and she recovered from her shock quickly. She cleared her throat. Her hands slid down her skirt to smooth the fabric while she stood up before her hands landed on her hips, "I am healer.""But what's your name?""My name is Uluthando, umfana."Harry tilted his head, "What does 'umfana' mean?""You don't know?" the healer asked, stern lips loosening into a smile."Of course I don't know!" Harry cried, throwing his arms into the air, "The words I know are only in English. You should speak English with people in this place.""Why? This is my shop. You come to me."Harry lifted his brow, scratching the side of his neck before his mouth opened in understanding. Wide and an almost perfect 'o'."You're right. Of course you should be able to speak your own language," he said, red in the cheeks, "I understand now, I'm sorry."The healer nodded. She lifted her fingers, then, from her lips to her face and Harry stared confused until she pulled at the sides of her lips, showing neat rows of teeth."Smile."Not being able to help himself, Harry laughed, doubling over, his own hand covering the grin on his face, "You're right," he managed to say, lifting his head, "A smile is enough."The healer herself escorted Harry to the door, casting warning glances to his arm in a way that suggested that she didn't want to see him here on injury related business. Harry could work with that, and she made sure to let her know with an overly enthusiastic nod and salute. With another nod from the healer, Harry dropped his hand. Transitioning the salute into a wave, he turned left, the opposite direction of the Leaky Cauldron. He didn't think he had the nerve to face Tom yet.He passed the library with his head down, trying to be as small and invisible as possible, though how that was possible with his bloodied sleeve and bandaged arm he wasn't so sure. Nonetheless, the street led him to a small bank and a few shops scattered on its sides. Nothing interesting, particularly, but in the corner of his eye, something did flicker. It stood out from the rest, because of the polished wooden walls and the name on the board over the door that didn't explain much about what the shop sold."Ollivanders?" Harry muttered. He stole a glance to the people around him, to see if anyone was walking to this lonely little shop. No one, not a single stray soul. So Harry decided to be that soul instead.Ollivanders had no large windows, either. Only a measly door squeezed between two panes of glass. Approaching the door, however, Harry realized that they weren't just windows, but colorful, patterned glass. One looked to be made by a professional, depicting a woman carrying a bucket, while the other was only shapes distorted into looking acceptable in a very short amount of time. Harry slid his hands down the one with the woman. He smiled, and with a deep breath, pushed the door open.Shopkeepers must have an obsession with stacking shelves tight. Ollivander was no different. Shelf upon shelf, touching the ceiling, were stacks of boxes. Long boxes, short boxes. Big and small boxes. Boxes with colors and then ones with no color at all.Diagon Alley was something else, entirely.The door closed with a sharp thud, making Harry jump. He would have liked to recognize the odors he was smelling, but he just didn't have the words. Well, there was wood. A lot of wood. A burning smile that wafted in like fog and other smells that accompanied it like a gentle friend, hand in hand."Why, hello there," a soft voice said. Harry jumped. Turning to the counter, Harry met with an old man. An old man whose wide, pale eyes were shining like moons through the gloom of the shop. Harry swallowed, moving closer to who he presumed to be the owner."Good afternoon," Harry said, almost in a question."Good afternoon, young man. And who might you be?"Harry flattened his fringe before speaking, "Harry Evans.""Harry Evans?"Harry nodded his head, wondering if he ought to go by James Evans in the near future, to disregard any relation with Harry Potter at all.The man scratched his chin, lost in thought, before his eyes lifted up, silver and bright. Hands clasped behind his back, he moved around the counter, a smile pulling at the lines around his mouth, "I once knew a woman named by Evans, I don't doubt you know it either. You look a mighty bright young man, Harry."Harry's surprise was overtaken by red cheeks. He tried to dismiss it with a cough, but his embarrassment stayed long after the man approached him, standing right in front of him with a hand stretched out, "I am the current and only Ollivander."Harry took the hand. Big, warm."What do you sell here, Mr Ollivander?""Magic, young Harry," Mr Ollivander said, without missing a beat.Harry blinked. And blinked again. He blinked as many times needed to process Mr Ollivander's words and derive some sense from them. He didn't. Many couldn't decipher Mr Ollivanders, surely, if he always spoke of such absurd things.But Harry was curious."Magic?""The best of its kind.""Can I see it?"Mr Ollivander smiled crookedly, the lines on his face easing, and beckoned him to the counter. Mr Ollivander told him to stand behind the corner, and that he would be back soon. Harry listened, shifting from one foot to the next, looking around the shop in hopes of finding what this magic Mr Ollivander was speaking of was. Harry scoffed, a grin on his face. Magic. As if such a thing existed. As if-Something landed on the counter. Harry lifted his eyes to see that instead of perhaps a wand or crystal ball, like the one in the healer's shop, Harry saw a long, white material pulled over a wooden frame. Beside the frame, was one of the long boxes from the shelves, black and white , and beside that was an old jar smeared with paint holding many, many brushes."Ah," said Harry with hesitant understanding, "Magic?""The very best," Mr Ollivander said, opening the box and picking out two tin jars, one labeled black and the other in white. Then, Harry understood."Paint.""Art," Mr Ollivander said in an air of correction, picking up a brush and dipping it into the black, "Is fine magic."He dragged the brush over the white material in a broad, clean stroke. It trailed behind a black smudge. Black, thick. Not very magical."I don't think I like this magic," Harry said, and Mr Ollivander chuckled, holding out the brush towards Harry, "Why don't you try it, Mr Evans?"Harry did. He took the brush in his hands, weighing it between his fingers. It wasn't anything elaborate. Just some wads of hair pressed into the end of a wooden stick. However hesitant, though, he brought the brush down onto the frame and with a sharp intake of breath, slashing it across the page in a sharp movement.The paint smeared black like sludge, muddy like soil near the rivers Harry and his chimney family used to bathe when they were allowed to (which was about two days a year). A wrenching pain struck his heart with the thought, surfacing some memories. He missed them. Harry missed his family so, so much. Their late night talks, their laughs, the dreams that one day would come true because now, Harry was going to get this world together and find his family a reason to live, not survive.He didn't wipe his eyes when they burned. Didn't hold back as his eyes watered and three lonely tears slid down his cheeks and dropped to the frame."Sorry," Harry mumbled, wishing to be numb again, "Sorry, I didn't mean to do that.""Most do not," Mr ollivander said, plucking the brush from his fingers, "But all the same-" he dipped it into the black paint, "It's a worthwhile canvas."Harry wiped his eyes with a bandaged arm. The canvas stared at him with an obsidian gaze, and Harry held back his tears when he was reminded of Snape.Mr Ollivander capped the paint and closed the box lid. Gripping the cardboard in his hand, he bent down to slide it under the counter along with the jar of paintbrushes, "Will you be buying anything, young Harry.""No, sir," Harry said, patting his pockets, "I'm saving for my family.""Ah, a noble act," Mr Ollivander said with a smile of approval, his silver eyes shining brighter, "But do come for a visit. I daresay you should taste my tea."Harry nodded. Offering a wave, he made his way towards the door. Once outside, a gentle wind blew through him, washing him over with relief and leaving him with a smile. Though, it didn't last. The burning pain from missing his family had begun to dissipate, but a frown still pulled down on his lips. It dampened his mood. It fought his resolve and made him feel like a leaf in a storm, shaking in the wind, barely hanging on.Shaking his head to get rid of the thought only brought a headache. He didn't want to think about it. He wanted to forget. To forget their existence so maybe, possibly, he'd be well long enough to carry himself through the time he needed to earn enough control and money.With that, he turned on the curb. The dreaded street yawned in front of him, stretching longer than it actually was. Harry groaned. He wished he didn't have to walk back and face Tom and answer questions. The healer was decent enough to not ask questions. Tom would only call the whole inn's attention to Harry the minute he stepped inside. He didn't want to go back. He wanted to-"Harry?"Harry wanted to get out of there the minute he heard that voice.With wide eyes and parted lips, he turned around, lifting his eyes slowly from the small black shoes and up the small black dress towards the small face that looked far more horrified to see him there than Harry was horrified to see her."Is that you, Harry?"He winced at his name, clasping his hands behind his back and tried to appear as small as it was possible to be. And without looking into the wide eyes that he'd only want to see as kind, he muttered, voice breaking."Hello, Professor Patel."

We've all been waiting for this, haven't we? :)Thank you to Absinthe, my beta, for her continuous efforts.Hope you all enjoy. ;)Back at the Leaky Cauldron, Harry sat with his head planted on the table. His other arm prickled under the wood, and he didn't bother thinking of his injured arm as his fingers scratched down the unbandaged skin. Clumsy, impulsive. That was something Harry shared with the scratches. No doubt Professor Patel felt the same way about him, back turned to Harry and engaged in a lengthy conversation with Tom. Yasane was there, too, in the corner and throwing Harry the occasional, concerned glance. Harry pretended to not see them. His head continued to thud against the wood.Thud, thud, thud.The noise accompanied the throbbing of his heart. The hammering threatened to burst through his chest.Harry heard Professor Patel thank Tom quietly. Lifting his head, hair falling over his eyes, he could make out Professor Patel dropping something into her bag. With a fluid motion, she turned around. Her feet padded against the wood, almost nervous. Behind her, the book Harry had borrowed from the library lay dormant, abandoned - a reminder to Harry of a failure. A failure Professor Patel only damaged with her presence.She didn't smile, but gestured for him to follow. Her kind eyes didn't follow Harry as he pushed himself from the table, swinging his legs over the bench in a daze. With a sloppy wave at Tom and Yasane, he followed after the Professor.The world Harry came to know swirled out of focus and into the gloomy, grey streets of London. The smells, the sounds - It all altered pathetically into monotone, miserable passers-by of an equally monotonous, miserable world where the only smell was of grime and dirt. Professor Patel, impassive to the change, turned right. Her footsteps mingled with the many others parading down the street. Harry followed, mood spiraling down with every step.Professor Patel craned her neck to glance at Harry. Slowing down, she hung back until they were walking side by side, Harry's feet embarrassingly clumsy next to the marched trot of the Professor."How is your arm?" she asked, eyeing the bandages. On instinct, Harry slid his other hand over the bandage, starting at the top. His small fingers met the rough, bloodied shirt sleeves with uncomfortable solace. Healed was just one thing he was, among many. Bruised, healed, relieved, afraid. A whirlwind of emotion that had no place in his heart."I'm alright. I mean, well, it's not as bad.""Oh, dear. I was rather afraid, no... terrified to find you as such in the middle of the street, bloody shirt and lonely, rather ruffled. I'm glad you told Tom about the cut. I hope you'll be more careful of pens in the future," she paused, offering a thin smile which only built the guilt Harry had for lying to the Professor"Especially after hearing such troubling news from Professor Snape."Harry grimaced, tugging his bottom lip in a hard bite. Troubling news. Direct and derived from a terrible he couldn't be entirely sure, Harry had little doubt that this source was his relatives who had left the shop in havoc- jars pulled down from shelves, rations of herbs, plants, teas balms and more shattered on the ground in a heap of hopeless disappointment. Broken windows, crushed down doors and wallpaper that wouldn't ever heal, according to Professor Patel, who said it with such sorrow Harry had to wonder if the shop was hers. She couldn't be blamed though. Not for her sadness, not for her frown, not even for her down-turned eyes veiled behind her head scarf when the wind embraced the fabric particularly hard.They turned a corner on Professor Patel's command. A placid hand wrapped around his shoulder, steering him clear from the path of a dense crowd. Her eyes remained bitter and dismal. Dormant. It didn't suit Harry to want them to be kind, suffused in warmth. It was selfish, demanding, and something he didn't deserve to have.Not yet.Perhaps not ever.Harry took a deep breath, his heart anything but still, "Professor-"Professor Patel gave him a firm squeeze, "Not yet, Harry," she said, turning another corner that led to a flight of stairs, "Not yet. We're almost there."Harry swallowed thickly, feeling rather shut out. Shunned. And though he knew he deserved it, it stung cruelly inside his gut, a heavy stone seemingly dropping down from his heart.The stairs, plain and grey as they are, led them to a street much like the stairs themselves. Long, narrow. Leaving you panting and searching in a hazy spin for a sign of where you were and where you were meant to go. Professor Patel didn't falter in her composure. Her back stood firm, straight. Harry could barely see her chest rising beneath the layers of black fabric.No possible hindrance."Oh, dear. Would you like a minute?" she turned around and matched his pace, her veil drooping beneath her chin when she bent down to his height, brows tightly knit together. Harry ignored her concerned gaze, hands on his knees while he waited for the pounding in his chest and ears to stop.After a few minutes, "I'm fine," he said, lifting his head shakily, "Are we almost there?""Actually, we are," Professor Patel said, back straightening, head turning to face a house close behind them. Breath still ragged, Harry followed her gaze across the street and along the height of a red house to a simple two story building. It was warm-colored and comfortable, but not inviting. Not for Harry. He followed the Professor anyway.There were people outside. A small amount, so few as to be called a handful. Harry shrunk down against their stares, moving beside the Professor with a nervous step of feet. Professor Patel, in return, recoiled from Harry. Whirling around in a motion that sent her skirts flowing in a flowery swirl before pooling on the floor. Harry, defeated and betrayed, wistfully drew back. He didn't lift his head when Professor Patel called a stranger's name and fumbled inside her bag.For a few moments, there was the familiar scratching of pen on paper followed by a set of footsteps and a foreign tongue. Unfamiliar to Harry, but undoubtedly familiar to the boy exchanging it with Professor Patel.The conversation ceased. The boy shouted cheerfully after them, feet breaking into a run."I have sent Professor Snape a message. He should be here soon, considering he has no house visits to make."The spin Harry made to look at Professor Patel hurt his neck. Groaning, he slammed a hand down on his skin, Snape momentarily out of his mind until the thought came crashing back down."Professor Patel, you don't have to.""It's quite alright," Professor blissfully assured in her ignorance, dismissing his concerns with a smile, "He's rather worried, I'm certain."Harry swallowed thickly, dropping his eyes, "He..." Harry tried in a whisper, "Professor Snape isn't angry?"Harry wasn't sure what he was expecting Professor Patel to say. He hoped Snape wasn't angry. He hoped that right as he got the message, Snape either came running to make sure Harry was safe or not at all. Though, Snape was always concerned for something. Concerned about the shop, about his customers and herbs. Sometimes that concern was anger more than anything else.Concern and only concern was all Harry wanted at this time.But Professor Patel didn't answer. Not verbally. Instead of reassurance, her lips pulled into a sharp smile and a maniac laugh escaped her - crazy, high pitched and echoing despite the absence of space in which to echo. The laugh startled Harry almost to the point of falling, his eyes wide with mild fear. She had tried, and failed, to hide it behind a clothed hand.The brutal picture of Sirius Black entered his mind.It was gone as suddenly it came, however - the laugh that couldn't possibly be hers and the picture that wasn't meant to be in his mind in the first place. They left, and Harry was left with the soft smiling, ever sweet, kind-eyed Professor Patel."He... He is angry, isn't he, Professor?""What?" Professor Patel asked, brows disappearing up under her veil. They dropped in understanding not a second later, and Harry was afraid she'd fall into another fit of crazy laughter. Her face had contored into a vaguely mysterious expression, after all. But Harry would rather not bother solving it."Oh, dear. Not at all, Harry," Professor Patel said, walking towards the two story house, leaving a much too relieved Harry behind her.Then she snatched it all brutally away."He's rather furious."The door opened with a twist of a key. Too easily, too quickly. Harry wasn't prepared. Professor Patel's hand steered him from the now closed and locked door and stopped him beside a shelf that held-Shoes?Pairs of shoes. Five pairs of shoes. Women's shoes and men's shoes. Two shelves of them with two more empty ones lined underneath. Harry's eyes narrowed further when Professor Patel bent down to take off the one's she was wearing, collecting them in her hands and stepping onto a red-brown carpet while sliding them into the slot at the very top."Would you please take off your shoes as well?" Professor Patel said, turning to face Harry.Harry regarded her with a tilted head before turning around and sitting down on the carpet, slipping his shoes out and taking one on each hand. Scanning the empty shelves, he pushed his own shoes directly under a black pair collecting dust. Oddly, that was the only pair that looked to be doing so. The rest were well-kept and in good quality."Follow me, Harry," Professor Patel pulled him from his thoughts and into a hallway leading to an area which opened to three closed doors.Harry didn't dare linger far behind while looking around, but the slow pace Professor Patel walked with gave Harry the chance to take a look around the moderate-sized house. The condition wasn't half bad, well enough to match the apothecary's... previous quality. The interior, while simple, was coloured in rich pigments and held no space for decoration of any kind save for a mirror in the hallway they left behind."Ahmed?" Aisha called into the house, rapping on one of the closed doors, "Where are you, habibi?"A male voice came from the door to the very right, calling out in a foreign word, one similar to what Professor Patel had spoken with the boy outside, before the door opened, revealing a young man that resembled Professor Patel in one of those chairs with wheels Harry had seen in Diagon Alley.The man, who had dark skin, black hair and (unlike Professor Patel) black eyes greeted them with a soft smile before his eyes fell on Harry and his lips pulled down into a confused frown."Aisha?"Professor Patel approached the young man, Ahmed, and bent down to plant a soft kiss to his hair line with another jumble of words. Ahmed replied with a similar set and gestured Harry with an incline of his head, and the two conversed in their language. Harry recognized his and Snape's name with a decent amount of worry and panic, which Professor Patel tried to ease with a smile once she turned around."Harry, this is my brother Ahmed. Ahmed, this is Harry."Professor Patel's brother rolled forward in his chair and extended a hand, "Nice to meet you," he said in an accent unfamiliar to Harry, gripping his hand in a gentle hold."Nice to meet you too Mr. Patel," Harry managed, shaking back, dropping his hand to his side and fumbling with the hem of his shirt nervously when Mr. Patel pulled back with a laugh."It's been a while since I've been called that," he managed between a hearty chuckle, shaking his head and meeting his sister's eye."Too long," Professor Patel confirmed, a chuckle of her own escaping her lips. Facing Harry, she slipped a hand behind his back, not pushing him but urging him forward to the door in the middle, "Please wait here while I wash up and bring us some tea. Ahmed-" she twisted her head to face the man once Harry had sat down on one of the sofas in what must be a parlor, "-would you stay with Harry while I wash up?"Mr Patel nodded, turning his chair around so he could enter through the doors. Meeting Harry's eyes with a smile, he pulled into an empty spot beside an armchair, flexing his hands before letting them rest on the armrests."So, you were an assistant to Professor Snape?" Mr Patel chose to start, clasping his hands on his lap, "I haven't seen him in a long time. How is he?"Harry swallowed. He averted his eyes from side to side at first, unsure how to continue. Opening and closing his mouth multiple times, he finally spoke, head lowered and back hunched, "Well, I think. He was... irritated. Rather angry, I think.""What? With you?"Harry rubbed his arm, "I hope not, sir."Mr Patel chuckled, easing back into his chair with relief, "I don't enjoy seeing him irritated with me, either.""Sir-" Harry spoke before he could stop himself, throat drying when Mr Patel turned to face him."Yes?"Harry cleared his throat. Twice and once more for good measure, though it didn't do any good. His voice fell as soon as he started to speak, "I- nevermind.""No, no. Do go on."Harry lifted his eyes. Mr Patel gave him a firm nod, waving his hand for him to continue. Harry nodded in return, and took a deep breath."So you- You and Professor Patel... Do you know Professor Snape well? Professor Snape said, um, I remember him saying he and Professor Patel work at the same... school," it came out with an air of question rather than statement, and Harry winced at his own tone while he continued, "Can you tell me about it?""Me? Well, I'm not as close to him as my sister, understandably, but yes. They work at the same school, Professor Snape as a teacher of chemistry and Aisha, well, I don't know exactly, but I know she works with a portion of students. We've gotten close because the apothecary he runs actually belongs to our family."Harry blinked, narrowing his eyes, "Your family?"Mr Patel nodded, "The apothecary belonged to our mother, but in recent years, we've had trouble managing it after her death. My father is a tradesman, and is often overseas. I'm a lawyer, but-" he motioned his legs, tapping his thigh with a tight-lipped smile, "-I cannot find work, for a number of reasons. We couldn't sell the shop yet, as it was on contract, and we couldn't find anyone to keep the shop. That is, until Aisha discussed the matter with Professor Snape and he agreed to board there during summers until the end of this year. It was a fair deal, profitable, for both parties.""Who was the shopkeeper when Professor Snape wasn't there?"Mr Patel smiled sharply and pointed at himself with his thumb, "Why, me, of course! I have no knowledge of medicine, but I can manage sales of some plants and flowers.""Oh, dear," a voice said by the door, and Professor Patel walked in, carrying a tray with a jug and bowl, "If I remember, you almost caused the demise of the shop until you agreed to take in an assistant.""Well, I'm not exactly tall, am I?"Professor Patel placed the tray beside Harry on the sofa. Now Harry could see that beside the jug and bowl, was a dry, rough looking towel and a block of-"Soap," said Professor Patel, thrusting the soap into his hands, "I thought it'd be best for you to wash up here."Harry took the slippery bar into his hands and held them over the bowl, scrubbing his hands as he was told, surprised and rather ashamed to see the colour of the water when Professor Patel began to pour the water from the jug over his hands. Once Professor Patel was sure his hands were of acceptable standard, she handed him the towel and began to walk out the room.Harry stopped her mid-way."Professor Patel?"She turned around, raising a brow."I'm so sorry... about your shop, that is. If I had known..."Professor Patel's expression softened, and she turned around fully to stand in front of Harry."You could not have known, though. Those two wretched people had no right to damage our shop-""They paid the price, though, Aisha-""It wasn't enough! I want to see them in jail-""We had the charges thoroughly paid, including the insurance-""Not what I'm trying to say, habibi," Professor Patel said through her teeth, and the two of them shared a glare. A moment later, both of their drawn brows relaxed and Harry swallowed thickly, looking between the two with growing anxiety."The truth is," Mr Patel spoke, stepping carefully into the matter, "You are not at fault. The two responsible for the damage are, and we've already settled it with court, have we not? We're lucky Professor Snape reached the shop just in time-"That's when there came a hard, loud knock from the hallway. A heavy rap that snatched Harry by the heart and shook him until his soul came to pass on.Thud, thud, thud.It echoed inside his head, chest, ears, and throat. Suffocatingly loud. Terrifying.Professor Patel left the room with a swirl of her skirt, her feet disappearing down the hallway. A door opening, closing. More footsteps and the shuffling of shoes and finally, the outside door opening.Harry couldn't hear much, both from his anxiety and the length of the hall. However, he did hear Professor Patel shout just once, demanding someone take off his shoes, which ended the conversation entirely until there was the sound of another set of shoes being pushed into the shelf.Harry's ragged breathing hitched, almost stopping. Thud, thud, thud came the footsteps from the hallway. The wreckage that was Harry's heart threatened to rise up his throat and out like bile. His head spun, making wild circles and unbalanced twirls. Taking it between his hands didn't help, but until the very second the Patels called his name, one concerned, one asking for his attention, it was solace.Harry lifted his head.Professor Snape stood with his hands behind his long coat."Mr Potter," Snape said, stepping through, his eyes narrowing towards Harry's arm, "I believe we have much to discuss."Professor Snape marched the length of the room with uncharacteristic speed. Measured steps crossed the distance between the door and the window before repeating, while more unfavorable words tumbled out of his mouth. Words which were all stolen from Harry's mind, yet multiplied ten-fold in difficulty leaving Harry confused with cheeks shamefully aflame."Idiot, idiot child!" he is free to say, because the Patels are out of the room and have promised to not intervene, "I ask for you to do one thing -one thing, Potter! One simple task!- and you again manage to bewilder me by doing the exact opposite. Opening the door, Potter! I fail to see how you can manage to get into such circumstances when my exact instructions would have prevented you from all and any danger!"The floor sways under Harry's feet. His eyes burn with unshed tears and his knuckles white from his harsh grip on the seat beneath him . Snape doesn't pause, and in the following minutes, Harry is left to listen to Snape's tirade, the scolding that is 'less than he deserves'.Ten long, angry minutes later and Snape throws himself down onto a chair. Ten long, terrible minutes and a few seconds later, his head in his hands and his chest rises with exhausted relief.Not a minute later, and Snape lifts his head. His narrow, black eyes boring into Harry's own and the boy looks away, wiping a stray tear with the back of his head. Snape sighs. Harry wants to look up, look up, and see with deadly curiosity if Snape held concern in his eyes, or if they still flashed with anger.He doesn't dare.Snape summons his attention anyway. He does so with a voice both exhausted and something else Harry doesn't understand."How do you plan on defending yourself, Mr Potter?"Harry didn't. He hadn't thought he needed to, what with running away and assuming a job in Diagon Alley. He had planned on never meeting the Professor again. He was wrong. Very, very wrong, he thought, as the Professor matched him a scowl and a glare; his black hair fell in a curtain around his head far greasier than usual. His clothes too, now that Harry paid better attention, were stained and sewn clumsily in one spot; patches of white coloured certain areas.Snape cleared his throat, claiming Harry's attention once more with a thin lipped frown."I asked you a question, Mr Potter. After your late night travels and a span of a week without your notified absence, do me the courtesy of answering my questions. Honestly and verbally."Harry wiped his eyes once more, the burning not easing, "I-I don't, sir. I never did.""Never, you say?"Harry shook his head in emphasis, "I didn't think-"Snape scoffed in a manner which said 'obviously'."I didn't think I'd..." he said, pausing to swallow and continued the rest in a whisper, "I didn't plan on seeing you again.""What was that, Potter?" Snape bit back, raising a brow.Harry repeated. Once more in a whisper."Louder, Potter! Didn't you hear me when I said-""I said I didn't plan on seeing you again, Snape!"The lethal silence stretched far more than necessary between them.Harry heard his own hitch of breath. He heard the pause while Snape's back straightened. He heard, with dangerous fear, the ominous foreboding threat in wavering, fast approaching lines.He heard great many things, but only saw the way Snape's eyes first rose in mild surprise before narrowing into thin slits in what could only be anger.The world spiraled out of focus the minute Snape pushed from his seat with unnatural speed."Do. Not. Call. Me. That," Snape gritted when their noses were touching, both hands on either side of Harry's seat, his back arching over the armchair, "I mean it, Potter," he advanced in a stern whisper and a raised finger, making Harry back away as much as he could in the chair, his eyes wide, "I will not put up with it, I assure you."Another silence. Harry hoped that, in a few short minutes, Snape would back away and leave Harry alone to deal with his thumping, racing heart. He didn't, and Harry's heart beat faster against his chest, threatening to steal his soul away, when Snape spoke once more."Now, tell me once again: How do you plan on explaining your actions?"Harry refused to look back at those eyes, and hid behind a wall of his own arms wrapped about his knees pulled against his chest, "I'm sorry, Professor Snape. I truly am. I know you told me to lock the door. I know you told me to-to..." he broke off midway, voice cracking unceremoniously, "I know you did. You're right. I know. But when I-I saw them... They were there and-" he wiped another tear he couldn't hold back, sniffing a few times, "They were there, Professor Snape, and I couldn't close the door, you know? They were banging on the window and Uncle Vernon looked so angry, and I couldn't do it!" he cried out the last part, ignoring Snape as he flinched back, "I thought... I thought maybe... You'd taken me in, Professor. And you told Mast- Edwin that you'd report him, and I believed-" and Harry had believed. It was all he had done, and for that, he cried, streams of tears flowing down his cheeks, "I thought I could have been strong, alright? Brave. I thought I could have fended them off because I was away from them. I was here."I was with you.Clearly, I was wrong.Professor Snape didn't step back. But his expression settled into something Harry hadn't seen before. Professor Snape didn't step back, no, but grimaced at the loud sniff Harry had produced. Slender fingers dug into his breast pocket before returning with a handkerchief which he dropped into Harry's hands and refused to take it back with a grimace when Harry was finished using it.Harry dropped it on the coffee table, much to Snape's distaste and resigned himself to occasional sobs and sniffs.Snape sighed, dropping his arms to his side and pinching the bridge of his nose, "Potter-""I found... I learned some things, while I was away ," Harry cut him off, willing himself to speak now that Snape was far less angry, "Things about-" he looked up, eyes red and puffy, into Snape's creased ones, "-my past. And my family."Snape's face fell along with his hands. His skin, which was already profoundly pale, turned sallow and pulled at his cheekbones. It made him look thin. Sickly. And for a second, Harry was reminded that Snape didn't look well at all.He ignored it for his own peace of mind."The Boy-Who-Lived. That's what they called me. Did you know some aristocrat was going around murdering babies thirteen years ago, and the reason I earned the title was because he couldn't murder me?" Harry said, biting out the last bits with rising anger. His jaw clenching with his fists while he continued, eyes narrowed almost as tight as Snape could pull them, "When were you going to tell me, sir? When were you going to tell me about my-" he licked his lips, heart viciously banging against his ribs, "my parents? My name?""Potter-""I didn't even know their names!"It came out in a scream that upset the coffee table as he stood up and shattered the ounce of self-control he prided himself to have. He didn't care. Not about Snape. Not about some debt.Snape watched with raised, amused brows. Watched as first Harry stood up. Watched as Harry straightened his back. And finally, Snape watched as Harry pursed his lips and puffed his chest in foolish bravado."I didn't know their names. I didn't know anything about them.""Your knowledge, or the lack thereof, does not involve me," said Snape, sweeping the dust above the floor with his coat as he made a turn for the door, "We've lingered far more than necessary here. We'll take this conversation back home, once you've cooled your temper."When Harry stood his ground, Snape turned to face him with a ready scowl, hand on the door knob."Mr Potter, it's not in your favor to spoil my patience. I have clearly said we will take this conversation to the shop, where we have the luxury of not intruding on other people's hospitality. Now come, Mr Potter."Harry breathed in, closing his eyes. When they opened, they opened fierce. Bright. He shook his head, subtly, twice, and clenched his jaw."I'm not going with you."There was a silence of five seconds, where Snape too closed his eyes and resumed with a stern voice upon opening them, as though he was trying particularly hard to not throttle the nearest object at reach."Potter, do not test my patience. I don't have the energy nor mentality to deal with your tantrums. Either you will come with me!" he screamed, cutting Harry off with a raised finger and livid eyes, "Or I will leave you to find your own way back to the dirty slums as you so wish."Harry threw up his arms, landing a kick to the side of the sofa, "I said I won't come! I'm not going anywhere with you!""You do not have a choice in the matter!" Snape shouted in return, prowling closer. And for each step he took towards Harry, Harry took a step back until the back of his legs touched the sofa and his flailing arm landed on the coffee table for support. He'd be cornered again, with another measured step, his nose touching the Professor's.Not this time.With speed that surprised Harry himself, he slipped past at the very last second. Sliding around the Professor's slender frame to bolt for the door.With speed that surprised Snape himself, he caught Harry by the collar at the very last second. Choking him with a disgruntled sound, he was pulled down onto the floor with his head facing the ceiling.Harry's neck burned, and so did his eyes. More so when Snape's face appeared in his swirling vision, which he regarded with a scowl while his tears prickled."I hate you," Harry whispered raggedly, pulling his arm over his head, body shaking with brief, sporadic tremors, "I hate you for so many reasons. You have no idea, do you?" he paused, heart skipping a beat, " Do you even care?""I have my intuitions. And no," he paused, bending down, "I do not," Snape replied from somewhere in the dark; his cold, long fingers meeting Harry's small ones and pulling him to a stand."Let's go, Potter. You've had enough adventures."And as he was led to the door, coiling back from the light, he could almost agree.However, before they could leave through the hallway, Professor Patel exited from the door on the side, which from above her shoulder, Harry could make out a kitchen."You're leaving already, Professor Snape?" she asked, looking rather dreary. Harry hoped it wasn't in regards to what Snape would do to him.Snape's grip on his upper arm pulled him back to a stop, his shoulders dropping their tension, "We've overstayed your hospitality as is. I apologise, Professor Patel, for getting you involved in our affairs."Professor Patel didn't look back at Snape. Instead, she stood standing in front of them for some while, looking lost in thought before a sharp smile pulled on her lips and she shook her head. Harry was afraid she'd fall into another fit of scary laughter."I say it's somehow my affair as well, Professor Snape," she said, crossing her arms, "I'll see you out."And with her in the lead, Harry was marched forcefully by the steel grip Snape had on his arm, the hold momentarily gone whilst he put on his shoes only to return back on his shoulder as they walked out the door."Oh, and Professor Snape?"Snape and Harry turned to look back, just as they reached the bottom of the stairs."I hope you'll be inclined to share whatever… proceeding you have going on with young Harry with us soon.""Have I made it far too obvious?" Snape asked, voice mingled in both amusement and irritation.She shrugged, a hand closing the door to a crack, "Obvious enough for me. Take care?"And the door closed with a click.Thank you for sparing your time to reading this. If it's no trouble, please don't hesitate to comment anything below, for they drive the story forward. :)The next chapters will be a delight, specifically chap. 8, filled with even more wholesome, angsty, fun and whump-y moments. Hope you're looking forward to it as much as I am. Hope to see you next week, everyone.Salam!

In this chapter, you'll find that I put some details into hygine, and Harry declares his opinion on the matter in one line. This is because, well I don't know if you guys looked at 19th century hygine, England was dirty. I mean, really dirty. Fish and drink water from the same place the drainage pours to dirty. Survive surgery but die because the surgeon didn't wash his hands dirty. So what Snape, Aisha (and Uluthando, in the previous chapters) did is revolutinary. And necessary if they don't want to die.This also explains the line of the water closet and water filter. It reads a bit awkward, but necessary for the reader to understand the 1874 period. Aisha is also Muslim, a religion that highlightes hygine/cleanliness as the half of belief, so I had to put that in.Also, the Ottoman Emire, which was stıill standing at the time, was really one of the cleanest state of the world. So please excuse me when I take some examples of what they did and incorparate it into the story as to make sure the characters survive to face Voldemort.Sorry for the long note. Enjoy the story!A considerably short walk paved the road back to the familiar street of the apothecary.This time, on his fourth visit to the brick street, Harry spared little attention to his surroundings and all attention to the sign that was balanced above the door of the approaching apothecary. Patel Apothecary.He regarded it with an audible gulp and accumulating dread.The turn of the key in the lock didn't help.Nor did the barren sight of the apothecary.The wallpaper was exactly as Professor Patel had said, hanging by the walls pathetically like sagging fabric. On one particular wall, a shelf, of conspicuously Dursley height, was empty. Not a single jar, glass, or phial lined the barren wood.The door closed behind him with a sharp thud and he couldn't find it in himself to be uncomfortable with the familiar smell of the apothecary when the sound rattled both the window and Harry. The door clicked once more, ominously and almost silently. Wind swiped Harry's side when Snape walked past him with a billow of his coat. The coat was off and hanging from the hanger with one sleek move and then Harry found himself in front of a glaring Snape. His arms were crossed. His lips thin lines beneath his scowl. That is how Harry found himself wishing for his bed in Diagon Alley after all."So," Snape began, sounding more and more like Uncle Vernon, "Have you cooled your temper to a manageable level?"Harry toed the floor and allowed himself a nod.Snape gave a long, exhausted sigh. His shoulders sagged with the motion, and Snape looked suddenly too old. The lines on his forehead and under his eyes eased to small creases. He appeared gaunt, miserable - a walking set of emotions in dire need of rest."At the moment, Potter, I have no endurance to spare for our... inevitable talk. Head to your room and sleep. You'll be rising with me tomorrow. And believe me, Potter-" a clawed hand landed on Harry's shoulder, stopping him from reaching the door that opened to the staircase, "You'll be needing every minute of it."There was no Snape to calm him from a nightmare, that night. And he only barely managed to stop himself from letting his other arm bleed.True to his word, Snape did wake him up early, during the murky, grey hours of the morning. Those too early as to be morning, too draining as to be any good.He pulled on his socks and then his boots with unwilling hands. Clumsy fingers prying the fabric under his pants and stuffing the shirt borrowed from Snape inside his trousers. But then, he paused. The morning ticked away around him and Harry didn't stop it. He dismissed it and instead stared at bandages wrapped under the shirt with rolled sleeves.The morning ticked into colour. Harry opened the door, the bed and his attire equally tended to. The chair he pulled out screeched on the floor and yet Snape, who was working on the counter, didn't so much as flinch. Ah. Silence, then. Snape had chosen silence. Cruel silence of unspoken rules and boundaries. Invisible borders scattered with trial and error.Harry hated silence.The morning blossomed into yellow and orange when Snape brought two plates of steaming eggs, bread, and potatoes to the table. They thudded onto the table, a pair of forks clattering beside them just as Snape collapsed on the opposite seat."Eat," came the simple order.Harry waited until Snape took the first bite, loosening his hold on the sides of the chair. For a few more seconds, he watched Snape take a couple of bites from his plate, twirling the fork in his hands while he read an older copy of the Daily Prophet, chewing very, very slowly.Harry lifted his own hand. His fingers, shaking and weak compared to Snape's, inched closer to the utensil and twirled the tips through the food."Food won't always be at your disposal, Mr Potter," Snape said, lifting his eyes high enough to stare at him behind his curtain of hair, "Eat. You're among the last of those I need remind of what it means to lack food."Harry flushed. Stabbing his fork down rather viciously on the potato, he swallowed his share of the meal with a few mouthfuls, forcing Snape to remind him to slow down before he caused him unwanted paperwork. Once his misdirected anger was through, however, Harry was left alone and bored under the smug grin of Snape as he savaged his food with cruel pleasure.At last, Snape too pushed away his own plate. The newspaper, folded carelessly into a crinkled heap, was dropped on the edge of the table, as he collected his and Harry's dishes in a stacked pile and leaned back on his chair.Another sigh. Another reminder for Harry of what was coming."Now, start from the beginning. The very beginning. Honestly, verbally, clearly and not a single detail left unsaid."And with much reluctance, Harry did. Starting his talk with trailing words and occasional whispers before shifting into long, animated explanations. He told Snape of what happened after he was gone. How Harry locked the door, how he was planning on doing as the Professor had told him. How his relatives and their mighty fists disturbed his work and how, without being aware of where he was going, he found himself on the bridge, alone save for his mind and a lone figure on the other side that he could have only imagined. He spoke of the Knight Bus, of Diagon Alley, of its people and finally, of what he learned about Harry Potter."I'm the Boy-Who-Lived. That's what they called me. Or, well, what they called Harry Potter. I was Harry Evans when I got there.""You told me you didn't know what your parents were called."Harry winced, squared his shoulders and looked at the door that led down to the apothecary, "Aunt Marge... her mouth slipped. Called my mother Evans, and that... she had..." he looked right into the black depths of Snape's eyes, "Bad blood."Snape said nothing, and Harry continued."Did you know she had dark skin? Darker than mine. And green eyes as well as red hair, much, much redder than mine," he ran a hand gently through his own, trying to flatten his bangs, "Alexandria Alexander said-""Who?" snapped Snape, brows knitted furiously close and eyes narrowed in vague confusion."Alexandria Alexander, author of Recent Local History, volume two-" Snape ran a hand down his face before masking his eyes behind two hands, "-said her muse told her she was Indian. Is that true? Doesn't explain why Aunt Petunia-" Harry swallowed thickly, wrenching his eyes closed and keeping them that way until the nausea rising up his throat came to pass, "Nevermind… I don't think…"Snape didn't seem to mind his trailing words. In fact, he looked rather relieved. The hands that were covering his face fell to his sides. They were skeletal things that dropped limply. At the sight of them, Harry felt an abrupt flash of… something, somewhere in his mind. Not a memory. Not a thought. Not entirely an emotion but a reminder. Long, soft and cool hands. Ruffling his hair, touching his forehead. It hadn't happened, surely?But did it ever feel right.And it was gone long before Harry could desciper it."It was," Snape said dryly, pulling Harry from his thoughts.Harry lifted his head, brows raised, "What?""Your mother, Li… Lily Potter. She was Indian, as the book portrays ," at Harry's dazzled look, Snape cleared his throat, "I don't trust…. Alexander's work. But this I know to be true."Harry found that his voice had betrayed him. His throat had gone paper dry and the words that he meant to speak stolen from his lips. So instead, he choked out a sob. It seized Snape's attention, as well as mild concern, but he did nothing to stop Harry from messaging his clogged throat while searching internally for the questions he meant to ask.When Harry made no move to speak, Snape started the conversation once more."Does that conclude your discoveries of your past?"Harry touched his forehead. Specifically the scar that wounded down his skin, "Yes. That, and that people only know gossip about me.""People barely know little else," Snape said, with a snort, eyeing Harry who was flattening down his bangs, "Has anyone recognized you?""Other than you?" Harry said with traces of anger, "No, Professor. You'll be relieved to know that you're the only sensible bloke about.""Watch it, Potter," came the reply, a low, dangerous hiss escorted with a glare. "You are under my roof once again. Whether that is to your liking or not, that hardly involves me. I deserve every ounce of res-""Why did you not tell me that you recognized me?"Snape took a deep breath and murmured something Harry couldn't hear, "Perhaps I haven't made myself clear enough. I-""Did you think I wouldn't find out? After you've taught me how to read, how to write…" Harry trailed off once more, lifting his eyes to look at the narrow gaze of the Professor, "Why did you do that, anyway? You didn't need to teach me anything, and it was clearly a hassle. So why?"Professor Snape made no answer. Nor did he do anything else. Fixing Harry with a signature glare, he started to impatiently fiddle his fingers over the armrest. Harry thought that the man was pouring out his anger with each tap, because at the end of the tenth one, Snape clasped his hands on his lap, face neutral."Seeing as you're eager to not listen to me, I shan't speak at all," he snapped, rattling the table with his stand, "I want you to be in front of the door of the laboratory in exactly two minutes with your shirt."Harry made a frantic stand of his own, "No, wait, sir-""I, of course, won't suffer the consequences of your actions. But believe me, Potter-" and he shot Harry a nasty smirk from behind the counter, "It will be a pleasure, seeing you suffer."Fuming, Harry made a sharp turn towards his (once again) room, "Suffer your displeasure, you mean," he hissed under his breath.Snape's chuckle rang mockingly in his ears.Snape met him exactly five minutes later.Harry had spent the remaining three minutes angrily replaying the awful things he'd like to do to the man in his mind. His jacket, sleeve still bloody, hung down his arm, wrinkled into a lump."I will not bother ironing your shirt, if it comes to that, Potter," Snape said, appearing out of nowhere and scaring Harry into a jump. Ignoring Harry's growl, he opened the door and stepped inside first."Do not attempt to look around. Your funeral will be a mighty short event, if you come to fall," Snape said in an echoing voice, his shoes clicking against metal. Taking a deep breath, Harry hung his head and kept his eyes fixed on the steps, only sparing a glance at the railings to grab hold of them.The staircase, metal and small, spiralled into a circle as it arched down. Snape was already down and waiting for him with a green work apron, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows and hands crossed in front of his chest. Waving a nonchalant hand, he gestured around the shop, "Welcome to my laboratory. Do not touch. A. Thing. Potter. I assure you digging your body fro…"Harry let the rest of Snape's words drag in the background as he looked around, eyes growing wide with every look.Harry didn't understand why but above them, where a ceiling was meant to be, there were arching panes of glass separated by thin borders. They provided the light needed to see the rest of the laboratory and even Harry had to absorb the impressive sight.On one side of the wall, there were only cabinets. Two of them held thick, bound books of various sizes and colours and beside those, were shelves and cupboards all filled with jars, phials and glass bottles - iridescent and of different lengths, labeled in sharp, black writing.That wasn't all, though. Harry took a step towards the cabinets and raised his head upwards, where on top of the cabinets were even more jars and all sorts of important looking objects hiding frames and papers behind them.Harry turned to another wall. The one opposite the wall behind him which held a currently working fireplace. Again, more jars. More shelves but among those, herbs hung from thin ropes on the walls. The same applied for the final wall, with cabinets and shelves and herbs, but this time only two of those held empty glass containers. It wasn't difficult to know why, seeing the table in the middle of the room - the gem of the crown.A simple, wooden table that held a chaotic order of, well, a chaotic order. A few pots dangled from the ceiling by chains. Papers, mortars, inks and pens were all scattered carelessly over the surface. There were scales, jars of pens and flowers, small boxes holding different coloured herbs, lamps, contraptions, empty glass phials joining other empty glass phias with glass tubes. The whole laboratory looked to be a turmoil of misplaced objects that should have been orderly but had no way to be so."...burn you. Understand, Potter?""Huh?" Harry whirled around to see Snape who was standing beside a grinder and hourglass, fiddling with the objects (pens, empty bottles, note papers) hoisted on the belt of the apron, "Uh, yes, Professor. I think I have."Snape looked up from the watch that was hanging from the belt, raising a brow, "You have listened to my every word.""I've heard them.""Yes, but you haven't cared for them have you?"Harry shrugged, averting his eyes towards the table with a shy smile, "It's a brilliant laboratory."Both of Snape's eyebrows lifted at that. Harry, who was too busy looking at the papers on the walls and a book held open on a stand, didn't notice Snape following him with curious, confused eyes.Didn't notice the flicker of a smile on Professor Snape's lips.Didn't notice it disappear just as quick.Harry turned to face Snape when he cleared his throat. He had changed his appearance once more and had a pair of big, odd looking round glasses hanging from his neck and a pencil behind his ear."For now, your task is to get rid of those horrid stains of yours. I have boiled water-" he pointed at the still simmering pot and a small bucket sitting on the stone, some steam rising from it, "And wash it in the garden. Away from the patches. Understood?""Yes, sir."And taking the pot by the handle, Harry walked towards the stairs."Potter!"Harry turned around with a sigh, tilting his head to the side."Use the soap outside the water closet. I won't have you walking around with saturated red sleeves," Snape said, pulling his hair back and tying it with a ribbon he had in his hand.Harry stared, blinking in confusion at the sight in front of him."Potter?""You're just like Professor Patel. She too told me to wash up the minute I entered the house."Snape shook his head and turned to face the table, rummaging through the papers, "It's the only sensible thing to do.""Not where I come from. I heard bathing makes you sick. This isn't any different, is it?"Snape stared at Harry with a neutral nonchalant gaze and was silent once more. Harry shrugged, making his way up the stairs.The garden, or yard, was relatively unremarkable. The right side was reserved for the two small garden-patches as well as some pots. Harry did his best to steer clear of the rows of potatoes and onions, balancing the heavy bucket while trying to walk on the grey paving stones. Looking to his left, he could make out where the panes above the laboratory started and berated himself for not taking better note of it earlier, considering the trips he had taken to the water closet.Grabbing the soap which was inside a small bowl beside an empty pile, Harry crouched down on the other side of the water closet and bent down, balancing the rest of the shirt on his shoulder while he poured some water down on the sleeve and began to scrub.While the blood slowly poured down to the dark soil, Harry began to think.So the apothecary belonged to the Patels. Harry's mind slowly drifted to the objects and contraptions down at the laboratory and apothecary, and wondered whether Snape or the Patel's themselves were rich. Buying so many jars and materials had to cost money. And even if you ignored that, the building itself had some… aspects that Harry was sure normal houses couldn't afford. One of them being the hand pump they had in the garden itself, which was a luxury in it's own. The other being what Snape had called a filter, which cleaned water (cleaned water!) which Snape would later boil to ensure it stayed that way. And finally, there was the water closet. Cleaner than anything Harry had ever used, even though in order to use, you had to crouch down, as there was no seat to sit on.Harry learned not to complain, though. For the first time in his life, he had felt clean here, and didn't feel any shame for it at all, despite the tales Edwin had told them about how washing themselves would only bring death upon their heads. No, Harry thought while hanging his wet shirt over the fence and grabbing the bucket, even if Snape ordered him to a bath, he wouldn't complain at all.Rolling down his sleeves, Harry climbed back into the shop and slipped past the open door into the laboratory, careful as to not slip on the metal stairs and heaved the bucket down beside the fireplace with exhausted relief.Snape didn't look behind him, so Harry chose to step forward instead, peeking out from behind the man to find him writing multiple sharp words on the papers in front of him before his masterful hands grabbed hold of a small bowl and began to mix the ingredients inside into a mushy substance.Flexing his fingers, which Harry only noticed now were filled with small cuts and waxy in some areas from past burns, Snape lifted the small bowl and barely dodged Harry as he turned around. He fixed Harry with a glare, once his composure and balance had returned."I see you have arrived. The shirt, I hope I'll find in sufficient condition.""I think you will, Professor," Harry said, clasping his hands behind his back, "What are you doing?"Balm, for a client," Snape said, mixing the substance as he walked towards one of the cabinets, pulling open one drawer to reveal various metal containers before walking to the other side and doing the same, only retrieving a small, glass container with a lid, "For future reference, I ask you to not sneak behind me whilst I work. Understood?""Yes, sir."Snape didn't acknowledge him, but returned to the table in the middle of the room and placed both the jar and bowl side by side, removing the lid of the jar and tipping the bowl to pour the sticky-looking mush with the help of a spoon into the jar. Lidding that, he walked past Harry, bringing with him the sharp smell of herbs and propped the now full glass container on the mantelpiece.Harry thought that the man would continue to make another balm or medicine. But instead, he dug into one of the book cabinets, pulling back the spines. Harry watched with some curiosity before quickly becoming bored, moving towards the table to eye the objects he found so peculiar once more. That is, until Snape returned, dropping a book, newspaper and the small blackboard and chalk they used in his hands carelessly."Learning starts with the fundamentals of language, that is, the alphabet. However-" and he tapped the book in Harry's arm with a finger, "It does not stop there. Today, for the whole of one hour, you will read the newspaper. For the next, you will be copying down said articles in order to improve your atrocious scrawl into a comprehensible text. Well? Begin!"And so for the next hour, while Snape constantly moved around the lab, working diligently on something or other, Harry was hunched over the newspaper on his lap, finding it difficult to be comfortable on the wooden chair and frequently craning his limbs from side to side for it.By the end of the first hour, Harry was bored with stories of a series of houses catching fire in Blackpool, the lack of development when it came to the search of Sirius Black, and the usual rubbish advertising that went into the papers, all written in words Harry, most of the time, only pretended to understand for fear of being shamed for it.Dropping the paper on the floor at the sound of the clock, Harry stretched his arms above his head. A hand messaging his sore muscles, he turned to face Snape, who was still working delicately with the scales. He hadn't acknowledged the clock. And Harry, with prior experience, wasn't willing to remind him of it.And so, Harry moved on to the more laborious task. Copying down the articles proved to be fun, at first. The chalk moving rather smoothly on the material and composing some fine letters. But at the end of the first fifteen minutes, it had lost all fun and after half an hour, a throbbing pain was surging from his wrist.He looked up, hoping to catch Snape taking a break, but disappointedly turned back to his chalk and board.He almost jumped up when the chime came, ringing exactly eight times.But Snape hadn't ceased to work.Harry looked around in uncertainty, for what he didn't know, but hoping that Snape would take notice. Five minutes passed. Harry waited some more, telling himself to wait for another five. Ten, fifteen and at seventeen, when it appeared Snape wouldn't be stopping his work, Harry chose to interrupt him when he was walking towards the cabinets."Excuse me, sir?"Snape's head jerked up from the paper he was holding. Harry felt as though he had disturbed an injured animal with fright. If animals could declare such emotion, that is, with paling features and ghastly wide eyes."S-sir?"But with a shake of his head, Snape, the usual Snape, was back."Yes, Mr Potter?""Two hours are through, sir.""Pardon?"Harry pointed at the clock hung above the chimney, "Two hours, sir. It's over. I've completed the work."Snape's thin lips first parted some, before pressing into a thinner line all together. He walked back to the table and dropped the papers into a neat pile. Work now abandoned, he unknotted the apron, changing it above the chair that had pressed against Harry for the last two hours. Relinquishing any other objects he bore, he strode towards the stairs. Only a vague gesture ushered Harry to follow.Once out the door, Snape waited for Harry to do the same before closing the door behind him. And a few strides later, they were out another door and staring into the back garden."Sir?" Harry asked, noting how the dark bags under Snape's eyes had grown prominent, "What are we doing?"Snape regarded Harry with a side-glance, and seemed to be doing the same with the words Harry had spoken. Probably considering them to be foolish. Silly incantations, he imagined Snape saying, remembering the word from one clipping. But he didn't. Instead, Snape bent down and sat on one of the steps, hands wrapped above his knees.Harry almost reached to catch him, surprised by the unceremonious way he collapsed on the stone, and after a brief look from Snape, he too sat down.A comfortable silence fell around the two.Harry didn't know why. And was sure Snape didn't either. But the silence of their words, filled instead with the ambience of the street behind them and the passing breeze was nothing short of calm.Snape broke it just as Harry's mind became soothed by it, but he couldn't find it in him to be mad."Potter-" Harry looked up, pulling his feet closer, "-I am little less than inclined to be impatient, and your… proceedings this week have very nearly exhausted my endurance. And so, until I say otherwise, it is in both our favor for you to listen to me speak."Harry nodded, feeling entirely guilty and partially unwanted."You've summarised your tale rather loosely. I have no words in regards to it, but press you to be more cautious around the usage of writing utensils."Harry stared, and Snape cleared his throat, "On the request of Professor Patel.""She told you?"Snape smirked, "Among a few things. Must have slipped it in between scolding me to take my shoes off."This time, Harry grinned along, extending his legs so the heels of his shoes were touching the soil.Another comfortable silence."She's grown fond of you, I gather."Harry inclined his head, but Snape wasn't eager in meeting his eye. His gaze was pinned on the vegetable patches and keen on keeping them right there."Isn't she with everyone?""Only those she scolds or trusts enough to laugh around, I hear."Harry shuddered, the laughter suddenly echoing in his ears, "It's terrifying, for a lady such as her. Or a lady at all! I can only think of that lunatic Black laughing with that voice.""What?""What?"Snape, amusingly, looked to be too confused on what sentence to be confused about. Eyes narrowing and lines forming from consternation, before giving up completely and changing the subject."Are you informed of what happened after your disappearance?""Only v-v-vague details," Harry said, testing yet another word he had read and learned the definition of, "Will you tell me of them?"Snape nodded, dropping his hands to his sides, "In short, your Uncle and his sister, as I later discovered during our discussion, wrought havoc in the shop. Demolished the stock, stripped the wallpapers and broke the windows. I arrived from my house visit to find them being escorted by officers, and alerted the Patel's after sensing your absence. There was a trial, and the two had to pay a fine and make up for the loss, which was also provided by the insurance company. Your disappearance was brought up, and Vernon Dursley agreed for you to work for me until your efforts repay the debt,"It wasn't anything different from what the Patel siblings had told Harry (besides the past part), so he merely nodded along."Also, I have utilized the opportunity to notify the appropriate authorities of your previous master. Last I heard he's been escorted to trial as well, and your friends placed together into an orphanage."At that, Harry's head shot up. A bolt of shock, which later shifted into joy and irritation struck through him and he pushed himself up to stand in front of Snape."You're only telling me this now?" he cried, throwing his arms to the side."You had gone deaf, as I recall. Charmed to know that is no longer the case.""Well, I-" Harry began, but stopped fumingly at the amused look he received from Snape, "Will you please at least tell me which orphanage they were taken to?""That I do not know.""What? How could you not-""I am not all-knowing, Potter, though I admit I have often wished to be. However, provided you answer some of my questions, I am more than willing to find out their location."Harry's shoulders dropped, and the next of his words came with much hesitance and in a restless whisper, "And if I'm uncomfortable with your questions?""I will do my best to steer the conversation to a topic you're more comfortable with."Running a hand through his messy hair, Harry weighed his options for some time. His gaze fluctuating throughout the garden and hands refusing to remain still. But at the end of his contemplation, he gave a stern nod."Fine. Ask away," he said, sitting once again on his previous spot.Snape turned to face him, his long legs pulled under him and back rigid, "I'm aware that you have run away shortly after your relative's arrival, but can you expound on what exactly urged you to take flight?""I don't understand, Professor.""To give an example," Snape rubbed his chin with his finger that held a thin, long scar; eyes searching the garden, "Was it some statements they made? A particular threat? Fear of punishment? Guilt for… hurting your aunt?"Harry's hands froze in his lap, and his mouth felt too dry, too soon. He licked his lips for good measure. No words emerged, though, and Snape must have sensed his distress, because he continued."Hurt, as in the reaction to ginger she inhaled, swallowed and had her skin exposed to. There is little medical research, in the matter. But it is common knowledge that particular substances may not agree with particular individuals. Your aunt is no longer in danger."Not dead. Harry released a shaky breath at the thought, body sagging in its own accord and not too soon."You have yet to answer my question, Mr Potter."Harry laughed shakily, "I don't know, sir. I-It was an accident. I didn't mean to throw the ginger jar… She lunged at me, and at that moment, the jar flew out of my hands and Aunt Marge collapsed against the jars. A few of them dropped and when I smelled one-" he cut of abruptly, finding it difficult to go on with the sudden tightness in his chest and dizziness in his head, "There was t-this smell… Sharp, and tingly in the tongue. Sour. It- It smelt like… It was her, Professor, and when I… I ran away, and I wasn't myself anymore. I didn't know where I was, what I was doing… completely...cold and-""Easy, Potter. There are a few things I don't understand," Snape stopped him when Harry began to heave, holding out his hands in front of the shaking boy, "So your disappearance was induced by a smell? A sour, sharp smell?"Harry nodded jerkily."And this smell, which turned you unresponsive, numb and confused, reminded you of an individual?"Another, somewhat uncertain, nod. Individual, yes, but more than that. A memory."Who was it, Mr Potter?"Pressing his lips together, Harry dropped his head."Potter.""My aunt. Other aunt. Uncle Vernon's wife, Aunt Petunia," he managed to say between breaths, looking at Snape with burning eyes, "Is that all?"Snape looked ready for more questions, but sighed and shook his head. And grateful, Harry didn't wait a second to follow the man back inside the house, a looming feeling suggesting that their conversation was far from over.Please excuse any historical inaccuracies you might find, and let me know so I can change them.I can't say when the next update might be, because my laptop is in repairs and even though chapter 9 is halfway through, it's very awkward and I really need to rewrite it. Hope to see you soon, though.salam!

Sorry for the delay. My laptop was at repairs and unfortunately wont br coming back. I have to make do with my phone. Enjoy :)Back inside, Harry lifted his materials from the wooden chair and sat down. Behind him, Snape was getting ready to continue working. Harry waited until he wore the apron tied around his thin waist, and spoke."Will you explain something to me, sir?"Snape turned around, hands still behind his back, "And what would that be, Mr Potter?""It's about, well, I suppose it's about both of us."Snape swept his hair back and tied it into a messy loop behind his head, "I'm afraid you will have to expound on that, Mr Potter.""I meant to ask you…" he clumsily fiddled with the chalk, finger tips white with the dust, "You didn't explain why you didn't tell me you knew me. I would like to know why you did that...I think," he added the last part after seeing the look on Snape's face, which was a mixture of confusion and frustration, a raise of a brow daring him to go on."Will you be content with any answer I give, so long as it is the truth?""Content, sir?""Satisfaction, Potter. Of the answer. Well, will you?"Harry eyed the book in his hands, passing it from one to the other, the worn cover spelling out a foreign word. Snape hadn't done anything remotely close to Edwin or Un-... Snape was alright. Harry lifted his head and nodded, shuffling the book to his other hand."So long as it's the truth, sir.""In that case, it was nothing more than a failure of my own will," Snape said, crossing his arms tightly over his chest and upon seeing the confused look on Harry's face, continued sternly."Partially, my reason was to make sure it was really you. Another obstacle soon came forth, however, as I did not know how to explain the situation to you; revealing your parentage and your history without invoking suspicion or mistrust on your side," he paused, voice getting slower and slower. Hands gripping the counter, he tapped along the wood long after he continued, "I had the idea to notify a close acquaintance who was well involved with your matters, of your existence. That is, until you ran away, and it would hardly be appropriate to write to him after a second disappearance, one which I have some part in."Harry's hands curled around the newspaper, meddling the words together. The letters were as comprehensible as the feeling in his chest now. Taking a deep breath, he spared himself a few moments of silence. His surroundings pulled back into a smudge of colour, and his emotions oddly reminded him of those he felt at the Leaky Cauldron.Guilt, fear, anger. Memories he refused to think about. Emotions he didn't want to feel. The paper crumpled further in his hands, and he stashed it behind him while he made a forceful stand."Thank you, sir," he muttered under his breath, lifting the chair to pull it across the room, right below a line of herbs hung by some string."The conversation has just started, Mr Potter," Snape's voice carried across the room, right as Harry opened the book, the light filtering from the panes catching the dust in the room.Harry closed the book, balancing it on the sewn knee of his pants, "What else is there to talk about, sir?""Aren't you concerned about the following weeks, child? About the steps we ought to take from this day forth?""I… I didn't- that is, it didn't come to my mind.""Clearly," Snape drawled, lifting a hand towards Harry, "Chasing something, or in this case someone isn't a plausible method."Harry bit his tongue, book lifting up and down with his jumping knee, "What is that supposed to mean?""What it means entirely. Now-" he pulled out a fresh piece of paper, scrawling something sharply across its length, "We will have to write a letter to Professor Dumbledore -yes that is his name do stop gaping, Potter- and arrange for a visit. I daresay he'll be drunk with joy upon the recent news."Harry watched Snape's ink pen carving across the page, fast yet diligent. The motion continued until the end of the page, at which Snape lifted his ink pen and lay the paper to dry. He wondered if he'd be able to write like such one day. Pen in hand, with more words at his disposal than he and his friends combined.Not long into this dream, Snape pushed away from the table. Sauntering toward one of the cabinets, he slid his hands across the spines of books before stopping to retrieve one.Harry didn't need to wait long to see what it was, as Snape dropped it across his lap soon after."Ma… ma-tha-ma-tic-s?""...Close enough. It's pronounced mathematics.""Right," Harry agreed, lifting the cover for a look inside, "What is mathematics, Professor?""Mathematics, Potter. Stop pronouncing the the so harshly. And to answer your question-" Harry very nearly caught his fingers between the pages he was leisurely turning when Snape slid his own between the pages and managed to open to where 'Unit One' began, "-it's the knowledge of numerals and their functions. Remember the numbers, Potter?"Harry gave a curt nod."This-" he tapped on the page with a sharp nail, "-is their usage."Flipping through the book, Harry found that in addition to the numbers, there also were foreign symbols indicating what to do with the given combination of numbers. Harry lifted his head, book still open in his hands."When did you get this, sir?""The day of your disappearance. I was planning on walking you through a slower pace, but now, with the recent developments, I have changed my mind."Not paying much mind, Harry skimmed through the pages, filling the room with the rough sound of rifling paper."We'll just have to consider this a part of your punishment, Mr Potter."Harry's finger made a sudden slip down a page's side. With a yelp of pain, he stood up abruptly, book flying to the floor and was just about to put his now bleeding and stinging finger into his mouth when Snape's hand wrapped around his wrist.Heart drumming against his chest, Harry meekly lifted his eyes to Snape's. He wasn't looking at Harry, though, black eyes pinned on Harry's finger. Harry followed his gaze to the throbbing skin, wincing at the cut and the blood sliding down."Refrain from such action in the future, Potter," he said, this time meeting Harry's gaze, which Harry averted immediately.With a sigh, Snape dragged Harry towards the table, leaving the boy to walk towards the drawers. In his absence, Harry squeezed his finger, biting his lip as to not groan at the throbbing pain.Snape taking hold of his wrist again was distraction enough, until the blood was wiped from his skin.Snape squeezed a small cloth over the open cut, lifting Harry's other hand and placing them around the cloth for him to do the same.Harry applied the pressure as Snape let go, a tired look on his face, "What am I to do with you, Potter?"Not punish me, perhaps?Harry swallowed thickly, suddenly too afraid. His shoulders tightened even further when Snape bent down to his short height. Snape tilted his head, and Harry lowered his head, persistent in not meeting his eye."Potter," Snape said dryly, his voice disturbing the silence of the room, "Look at me."Playing with the ends of the patched cloth, "Why?" Harry answered quickly without much thought, voice tight."Because…" Snape said flatly, sounding on the edge of saying something unpleasant, "Because, Potter, I said so."That, of course, wasn't enough reason for Harry to comply.Snape must have understood, because with a swift movement, he pulled Harry's chin between his fingers and forced it up to meet his eyes.Harry's heart jerked uncomfortably, his hair standing up in a spike of fear. Snape looked to be searching for something, his dark eyes alight from the filtering sunlight above, which highlighted just how greasy his hair was. And while Harry waited for those black eyes to stop dwelling on Harry's own, he couldn't help the gradually rising fear and… well, wasn't that odd? Harry felt sad. Harry felt bloody awful. His lips trembled, just above Snape's cold fingers and shoulders tight with tension and fear hung down, slagging like his posture.The years of memories came storming down in his mind, and Harry wanted to cry.The nights in the cupboard. The lonely days. All those times he wanted some warmth, and those times he chased after his family, his cousin especially, in the hope for a friend. He had found them once, in the dwellings of the backstreets and freezing cellars, only to lose them once again. Here, again, he was lonely and afraid, with emotions he never had to deal with before. Guilt, hatred. Why he wasn't enough for his family, and why he couldn't be enough now.Harry wanted to cry.And he did.The burning in his eyes poured out into silent tears, sliding down his cheeks, down his jaw and dripping to his cloth.Drip, drop.All the while Snape stared at him, hand frozen and eyes going as wide as they possibly could. Harry didn't have much to look at after that. With his head hanging low and shoulders slouched, he was mindlessly staring at his shoes while his tears fell.He felt so weak. So cold. He didn't want to get punished. Not for this. Not for something he didn't mean to do."Potter?""P-please, sir I- Maybe you could, I just think-""Potter.""I-I really didn't mean… you know I wanted to come back but I just, and with my family I couldn't-"Potter if you'd just listen-"Harry sniffed, wiping his nose with the back of his hand, "I'm sorry, sir. I really am. I know I do terrible things. Things I shouldn't do. I just… I'm so…" and at that, he lifted his head, looking right into Snap's eyes, tears falling fast, "I-I mess up! I feel so angry, at you and everything. My friends are away, I have such a good-good place with you and I don't feel I deserve it. I know I-" he sobbed harshly at this, hiding his eyes behind his hands, shoulders pulled into his body, the light in the room suddenly too bright, "I let them to this. I let them in! I br-broke, I know the promise I wasn't supposed to break and I did! I hate that I did so, and I'm sorry but please, sir… do-don't punish me, please."For a while, there was only his sobbing. Dry heaves, the wiping of tears that refused to fall and the light from the panes shut out by a veil of clouds, as though to match his mood. Snape was still quiet. Too quiet. It came to a point where, out of concern, Harry looked up and found that he was merely regarding him with a flat, neutral gaze.Harry ducked his head, and urged himself to stop crying."Are you through?" Snape asked, and Harry gave a jerky nod. With a sigh, Snape rose from his crouch and slid a hand into his breast pocket, shaking the object he had retrieved under Harry's eyes.Harry took the handkerchief without Snape needing to say anything, wiping his eyes and nose.He offered to give the handkerchief back. Once again, Snape refused."There wasn't any need for such theatrics, Potter, as they won't get you anywhere with me."Harry's head shot up, an unattractive noise coming from his neck. Snape's brows were pulled down, and his hands were tightly folded across his chest."But sir-""This act might have worked with-" Snape cut himself off, lips still parted. Harry tried to work out what made the man pause, his brows knitted tightly close. Just as quick it had come, however, the expression was gone.The light returned as Snape continued."You are to listen to me very closely, Potter, as I won't repeat myself. Am I understood?"Harry nodded, albeit hesitantly, and looped his hands behind his back.Snape shifted from his spot, one finger lifting to point at Harry sharply, "As compensation for your actions during this past week, you will be responsible for a list of tasks. I am going to list them now. Listen well," and before Harry could remember what the word 'compensate' meant, Snape was already continuing with the list."I will wake you at precisely six in the morning, after which you will tend to the garden; may it be weeding and watering the vegetable patches, or even cleansing the water closet or ridding the dust from the laboratory's windows, as they tend to collect dirt at a profound speed. This will continue until eight, at the very least. I will prepare a small breakfast, you shall clean the cutlery and bowls afterwards. And finally, for exactly four hours each day, you will busy yourself with studies."Harry's mouth fell open, his eyes growing wide and in his obvious surprise, the handkerchief drifted to the floor."Of course, this time may possibly change in the future, perhaps increasing to six hours by the end of the week," Snape muttered the last part to himself, and Harry barely heard him from the buzz in his ears. Surely this couldn't be his punishment? It was more along the lines of a gift! Four hours each day to perfect his reading, what else could Harry ever ask for!He didn't hear the rest of Snape's monologue, but when he was finished, and asked if Harry had understood everything, Harry gave an enthusiastic nod and was ready to hug the man.He didn't, of course. But one could always dream."Before you resume your studies, however, I have one final thing to share with you."Harry sat down as Snape gestured with a hand, Snape himself leaning on the desk with his back to it.Lifting an empty jar from the table, Snape slid his fingers down it's side, stopping at around the middle to look at Harry, "We have a schedule, this week. I'm afraid the shop lost some important stock, many thanks to the stampede of those two oafs."Harry ran a hand down his arm, cheeks burning."This week, the shop will be kept open until past noon. During this time, while you busy yourself with your chores and studies, I will work on orders given to me by clients. At two in the afternoon, do not be surprised to find that I will be making house visits.""House visits, sir?""I am not merely a chemist, Mr Potter. I am familiar with some medical knowledge, and exercise it with those I can help with the materials I have here," he gestured around the laboratory with one hand, jar sitting firm in the other, "Though I don't doubt I'll have much to do this week. However, should that occur, I cannot take you with me, and we will have to find someone to temporarily keep an eye on you."Harry nodded, leaving his seat to pick up the fallen objects, "Is that all, sir?"Again, Snape looked to have some words to say. Instead, he ran a hand through his hair, placing the jar back on the table, "For now. Oh, and expect the acquaintance I spoke of -Headmaster Dumbledore- to pay us a visit sometime in the following weeks. Do you have any questions?""Yes," Harry said, squinting at the mathematics book and lifting it for a clear look, "Will you be teaching this to me yourself, sir?""Do you find any other candidates, Mr Potter?""I thought you taught only che-che, uh…""Chemistry?" Snape offered, looking rather amused at Harry's confusion, the side of his lips lifting up, "True, Mr Potter, though you can trust me to teach you some basic mathematics."Dropping the books on the chair, Harry walked closer to Snape. The light was back, now, and crawling down the walls of the laboratory, softly illuminating the floor. Taking a deep breath, Harry stepped out of the path of the light and with as much courage as he could collect (which really wasn't much) Harry asked, "Will you teach me chemistry?"The question must have been far more intrusive than Harry imagined, because Snape's expression became odd and he seemed to regain some colour to his cheeks."Excuse me?""Chemistry, Professor," Harry continued because Snape hadn't scolded him yet, winding his fingers between the folds of his shirt, "I am sort of… well, chemistry looks interesting. And after I repay the debt, I have to leave, and I want to learn as much as I possibly can while with you."The colour Snape's cheeks had gained fell immediately, and his lips were pulled into a thin line. His silence continued for a minute, leaving Harry nervous and considering stepping back from the request. He opened his mouth to do so, the words fresh in his mouth-"I will be pleased to teach you, Mr Potter."And for now, perhaps it wasn't bad, after all.As promised, Snape woke Harry dreadfully early from an already poor sleep. The sky was a murky grey colour, too early as to be morning, too bright as to still be night.Once Snape was out the room, confident Harry wouldn't fall back to sleep, Harry pushed himself clumsily up from the bed. The sheets were, as always, tangled around his body, half dangling to the floor.Cautious to not crumple to the floor, Harry rose unsteadily, mouth hurting from the yawns he couldn't stifle. Dreadfully early, this was. He was used to waking up early, back at the cellars, but after his little excursion to Diagon Alley, where he could rise at whatever hour he pleased, he found it difficult to fall back into the prior schedule. Yes, dreadfully early…With a scowl, he pulled off his night-shirt, shrugging on the tattered shirt Snape had offered for the garden work.Snape met him in the parlor once he was ready."I expect you no earlier than eight," he dully stated, sweeping past him and into his room.With a sigh, Harry disappeared down the stairs, almost tripping as he did so, further dampening his sleep-deprived mood.The garden, in actuality, didn't need much work. Getting a bucket, Harry placed it under the pump. The pump creaked threateningly as he pulled on the lever, jarring his ears. The rust was starting to grow past the pipe and into the screws, and while it didn't stop the freezing water from pouring down, Harry was still concerned.Despite the backsplash of water on his pants, Harry wrapped both hands around the handle. It didn't come easily, as he wanted, the water surging inside the pail in thick spurts. Harry took a breath, steadying his feet and heaving the handle.Hands on his hips and back aching, Harry swept a quick gaze over the garden patches, a frown forming. From what he could see (and it often wasn't much) some weeds were growing beside the potatoes. He shrugged. Harry had to often do yard work, back… then, and pulling up his sleeves and getting his hands dirty wasn't always boring. And so, he did exactly that. With shirt-sleeves and pant-legs rolled up, and shoes pulled off, Harry Potter was soon crawling around the vegetables, snatching any nasty weeds on his path.All alone, not a soul watching from a particular window up in the house.His hands soiled and sweat dripping from the side of his face, Harry soon stood up, a sharp grin on his lips. He had done well, he prided himself, and it hadn't taken long either. His satisfaction didn't survive long, however, as he stumbled on the bucket, dropping down with it. It was only half-full once he righted it and his pants were smeared with mud.Right. Punishment, Harry remembered crossley, jerking his hand out of the mud. Some awful, great punishment.Two hours later, a very dirty Harry placed the bucket in its rightful place, treading over the grass barefoot. Oddly enough, Snape met him by the backdoor, tapping his foot impatiently on the floor."Are you certain you haven't gone for a swim in the mud instead?" he tiredly asked, running a hand down his face, "One day upon your return, and you're in need of a bath already.""I didn't bathe at Diagon Alley, sir," Harry added, thinking it would have helped. It didn't. And Snape responded with his face taking a very interesting expression."Well," he spoke, voice laced with disgust and a mild touch of regret, "A picnic, I suppose. Wait here. And if you value your life-" he gave him a sharp glare, "-do NOT come in."Harry didn't, but he still sat down on the wood. Swinging his legs under him, he savored the feeling of the grass tickling the soles of his feet until Snape came back with a bowl of oatmeal, forbidding him from eating until he had washed his hands.The rest of the day continued as though Harry hadn't left. He did take a bath, eventually, and had to wash his muddy clothes, wearing his spare pair of pants afterwards while down at the laboratory, working on mathematics, reading and, towards the end of the afternoon, chemistry.And though Harry didn't admit it, he knew he wasn't subtle in hiding his smile, which would crack through occasionally. But if Snape saw it, he didn't comment. And when he bid the Professor good night, he was still smiling into his pillow, wrapped tightly in the warm blankets.All until he woke up from a nightmare, the night still dark, scratching his arms back to sleep…The next morning was profoundly ordinary until after noon, when, instead of having a second chemistry lesson (the first included an introduction into atoms), Snape sent Harry to his room to get ready, as he had a house visit to make. Harry met him downstairs, taking his jacket from where it hung on Snape's arm. Snape waited until Harry had his cap on, his scar out of sight, before opening the door onto the bustling street and locking it behind them.Twice, for good measure. Probably for emphasis.Without sparing another look, Snape pocketed the keys, his coat billowing behind him while he made his way down the street."Do keep up, Mr… Evans," he called above his shoulder, facing back to the street as Harry stepped forward. Harry didn't pester him about the use of Lily's maiden name, thinking it to be Snape's paranoia of someone recognizing him in the street. Well, Harry couldn't see anyone in this street recognizing him, engaged as they were in both shopping and conversation. He didn't pay much mind to them, though. Thinking about his mother had brought some memories back from reading the book. Specifically the parts he couldn't bring himself to finish, leaving his heart clenched and eyes burning.He didn't cry as they turned right to the stairs that led up to the familiar neighbourhood of Professor Patel's home.He came very close when she opened the door."I wasn't expecting you this soon," she said with a smile, opening the door wider, "You're very lucky I'm home.""Indeed," Snape agreed, urging Harry forward with a hand on his shoulder, "May we both come in? I won't be long, but I would like to speak with you. Privately."She nodded, though Harry noticed her fingers tensing as she held open the door. Inside, Professor Patel stopped Harry before he could take another step, nodding to his shoes."Oh, of course," he muttered, ears burning. Wrestling his shoes off, he lined them right before the small carpet began, his socks sliding on the fabric."You know the way, Harry," Professor Patel said, stepping beside him and sliding his shoes into an empty slot, "I'll meet you there shortly."Harry glanced between the two with interest, curious of what they would talk about. It would concern him, no doubt, and Harry would much rather hear what adults had to say about him.Snape nodded towards the hallway, noting his gaze, "I'll be back for you soon, Potter. Granted, you may not like your punishment, but I have no intention of lifting it yet," he said, and turned to face Professor Patel, finishing their conversation.Turning his back to them, Harry started down the hall, the hushed voices of the professors' following him.Entering the living room, Harry sat down on the armchair. Sitting didn't help much, however. His nerves were rising at random intervals, making him tap his foot on the floor with uneven passes. Licking his lips, Harry pushed himself up from the chair and marched towards the wooden bookcases on the other side of the room.There weren't many things on display. A few books, some trinkets, and one single photograph of a family of four (the Patels, no doubt), yellow along the edges, though the date on the bottom was only ten years back.Harry moved along, hand collecting dust as he dragged it over the wood before coming to a section behind a glass shutter, which held what looked to be a small stack of newspapers.Not in the desire to get into any major trouble in the foreseeable future, Harry pulled his hand back from the handle. The newspapers could wait, and so could Harry.Both didn't wait long. Some five minutes later, Professor Patel joined Harry in the room, a strained smile on her face."Welcome one again, Harry," she greeted, motioning toward the sofa, "Have a seat."Harry shuffled his feet, glancing at the newspapers from the side of his blurry vision as he sat down."Are you always at home, Professor Patel?" Harry asked, still stealing the occasional glance at the newspapers, hoping she'd notice.She gave an odd sort of nod and scratched her cheek, "Very nearly. I don't have much to do outside except for shopping errands. Cleaning and aiding my brother takes much of my time.""Will he…" Harry began, choosing his words carefully before dropping the matter entirely, "Nevermind. Uh, what will I be doing, today?"Professor Patel straightened on her seat, joining her fingers in her lap, "I had the idea that we might talk, if you'd agree.""Talk about what?""Oh, many things," she said, lifting a hand and gesturing towards him, "You, your stay with Professor Snape, to give an example. Have you anything in mind?"Harry frowned, gazing at the glass case as to distract her, "Not anything interesting enough."To his relief, Professor Patel followed his gaze to the glass, a smile of understanding lifting her lips. With a smooth stand, she stepped towards the case, her skirts sweeping over the floor. She gestured him closer, and Harry moved beside her, glad he didn't need to indulge in conversation yet.Opening the case, Professor Patel slipped her finger under the first newspaper and closed it again. Her hold was gentle, as though the newspaper would tear at the smallest wind. Harry took it with both hands, glad to have something to read other than the boring book Snape had given him.His eyes went wide."This says… New York Times. New York? Isn't that in-""The United States? Precisely," Professor Patel said rather proudly, "My father is there at the moment. He sends letters. I ask him to send newspapers. Very valuable, news from the other nations," she then went on to run a finger down the spine of each newspaper, naming the counties as she went."These are from the United States. This hefty pile comes from South Africa, and the final pile from a multitude of countries, including France. Too bad I cannot understand much of it," she said, leading him towards the sofa."When did this arrive?" Harry lifted the one in his hands, reading the date April 10,1874,""Oh, dear… The middle of June, if I remember," she said, holding her chin, "Yes… might be- No, middle of June," she confirmed, nodding along, "Nothing much to read, save for the front page.""What's on the front page?" Harry asked, unfolding the newspaper carefully, feeling as though he was holding something quite valuable, "What is it about?""Why don't you read it?"Harry took off his cap, flattening his hair down, "I'm not a fast reader.""Ah," Professor Patel nodded, coming to sit beside him, she lifted a hand and placed it around the newspaper, her free hand pointing at the title, "Well, the text is overwhelming. In summary, a poor girl - Mary, I think her name is - had to be taken from her adopted mother, as she was being physically assaulted by her. The…" she brought the newspaper closer, searching the column under Inhuman Treatment of Little Waif , "Ah! The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals bought the case, I read, and the adopted mother was charged."Harry was under the impression that she was watching him very closely as she explained. He didn't notice much, though. A sudden cold clenched his bones, and his foot began to tap along the floor. Out of all the newspapers and books, he had picked the one similar to his own… relatives."Harry?" Professor Patel called his name, dropping a hand on his shoulder but pulling it back once he flinched, "Are you alright?"Harry nodded, folding the newspaper unnecessarily harshly and placing it in her open hand, "Yes, uh, poor girl," he agreed, tapping the newspaper, "Hope she is… Hope she found someone to care for her."There was a moment of silence, as Harry didn't know what to say. Unlike yesterday, the cloudy weather cast a gloomy atmosphere, affecting even the house itself. And with the newspaper still in sight, not much kept Harry from twisting his fingers together.Professor Patel took a sharp breath, "I do not want to lie to you, Harry, or sugar coat your predicament, as they say. You're a smart child. I'm sure you already understood the conversation I am trying to make."Harry nodded, wiping his nose with the back of his hand, "You think… you think I had something similar?""Me? No. Not yet," she shook her head, "Professor Snape did, however. He asked me to speak to you about it, as I have experience.""Experience in what?""In speaking to those with similar history.""That is not comforting, Professor."She paused, licking her lips, "Will you let me continue, at least?"Another nod. A sigh of relief from the Professor, poorly hidden."We do not have to have this conversation yet, about you, about your troubles. In fact, I agree that if you are tense, we may continue some other time," Professor Patel said, her usual soft voice grown serious and loud, "I wish to help you, as Professor Snape wishes, for he requested I speak with you on the topic."Harry's head shot up. He found it mildly threatening, having Snape take notice of… well, he didn't know what the man had seen to urge Patel to speak with him, but nevertheless, he felt uncomfortably irritated that Snape hadn't consulted him about it first."So," he managed through a clenched jaw, "We don't have to talk about it now?""I just wanted to have the conversation set, as a reminder for you. Perhaps… yes, a reminder... We can continue another time. But-" at that, Harry looked up again, "-I still want to talk with you. To some extent. So, I will ask a single question, and you may answer however you like, and we'll continue the conversation from there. Is that alright?"Harry wasn't convinced. How could he be? The Professor wanted to talk to him about topics he wasn't comfortable even with thinking of yet. He eyed Patel, biting his lip."What kind of question?"She leaned back on the sofa, hands on her back, "Just this: Who are you, Harry? What kind of person is Harry, for you?"That had, at least, calmed the slowly rising anger in his chest. He'd expected himself to lash out immediately after Patel had started the conversation, demanding it wasn't anyone's business if his uncle… if he…No, he didn't lash out. Instead, he made one terrible decision. Without thinking, Harry answered with an embarrassing tone of confidence."I'm Harry Potter."I have never had PTSD. I do not 100% percent know how to write it. I have done my research, and it wasn't enough, hence why the trauma explored in these 10 chapters are abysmal efforts. I will hopefully do better, as I have researched more thoroughly. On that note, suggestions and constructive criticism is welcome. Thank you for reading! I will do my best to post next Monday. :) Also, the news article is real. Mary Ellen McCormak had to be rescued by the Mentioned society, as she was a 'human animal'. I have tried to find the real newspaper, but have failed, due to the New York Times thrusting after my money. Oh well.

Needless to say, there was little to rival the surge of expressions that twisted Professor Patel's face.Harry recognised a few. Only a few. Because between finding amusement in a situation that wasn't funny at all and the undoubted wrath he'd face with Snape, there could be only so much he could think.It wasn't funny at all, yet the darkened cheeks of Patel were all it took to get Harry to laugh, and her stumbling words only ensured his chuckles."That is- entirely…what?" she asked, voice thin, weak. Entirely foreign. She stood up, her fingers pressing against her parted lips, "You're not lying?"Smile and laughter abruptly cut, Harry played with his finger, "I am," he tried, trying to keep his voice from shaking.He doubted it did any good.His weak lie couldn't mask his previous laughter, or the flatness of his tone, and Patel's pressed lips told him as much.She didn't comment. Instead, Harry flinched back when a hand fell on the curve of his forehead."May I?"And she lifted the strands of thick black, gently as though it would tear. Then came a sharp intake of breath, a hand dropping down at the same time Harry averted his gaze."Ya Allah.." she tapped along her arm, voice losing its strength until she made an unexpected stand, her arms flying to her sides, "You're alive!""Uh," Harry eyed the door, "I suppose I am.""How are you alive?""I've been wondering the same thing, actually. And if someone other than Alexanderia Alexander is willing to tell me the story, I'd love to hear it!"Patel didn't tell him much, as she believed him to be dead, too. They did fall into a lengthy conversation, however, in which Patel scolded a Snape who wasn't there until Harry reassured her Snape had written to the, uh, Dumble-bore bloke - Dumbledore, Harry - and told him of Harry's existence.There wasn't much talk, that day. At least, nothing about Harry's… unpleasant past. Instead, Professor Patel woke her brother, who was sleeping in the next room, and she and Harry helped Mr Patel cook an early meal, falling into comfortable conversations that carried on into the table.Harry found it hard to concentrate on his Shakshuka, and harder to listen to the Patels, eyeing his egg uncomfortably. The attempt to get him earlier had opened the opportunity for unwanted thoughts. Uncle Vernon, Uncle Petunia… the cupboard looming behind their screaming figures. Harry tried to shake his head free of the thought, the fork scraping the bowl as he did so. He dropped the fork, ending the ongoing conversation between the two. Head hanging down, Harry bit down on his lip, fingers itching over the shirt over his arms.Professor Patel spoke first."Harry?" her voice called from in front of him, losing her previous excitement, "Would you like a different meal?"Feeling foolish and rather ashamed, Harry shook his head, spooning some of the eggs and taking a measly bite, "It's delicious," he told Mr Patel, nodding with a smile, "Thank you."He was relieved when Mr Patel offered him a wink over his water cup, ripping some of the semi-dry bread and using it to take a bite from the meal. Professor Patel, however, gave a frown, one that was hard to understand, and even harder to dismiss as it quickly lifted into a smile once Harry faced her.The rest of the meal held no conversation with him. Mostly because he only bothered answering with short replies and gestures. Mostly because he couldn't bring himself to. His hunched shoulders, his undying rapid heartbeat…and under both, a terrible mixture of storming emotions that was still brewing at the end of the meal.Professor Patel assured him and Mr Patel both that she'd take care of the cleaning up, as she couldn't help with the cooking and ushered them into the living room while she began her chore in the kitchen."She's a terrible cook," Mr Patel said once they were inside and it seemed unlikely that Harry would talk."What?"Mr Patel nodded towards the door, a small smile on his lips, "Aisha. She's a terrible cook, and almost set umi's kitchen on fire."Harry smiled unintentionally, the image of a frantic Aisha pouring a jug of water over the fire coming to mind, "Is the one you're calling umi your… mother?""Yes. The same mother who caught her scarf on the fire while Aisha tried to stop the table from burning. Pati wouldn't ask for water from her for a month. That's when I started to help umi in the kitchen."Harry laughed, imagining a very cautious Snape not asking him to do any chores under similar circumstances before deciding that he'd have more chores to do if he ever burnt the kitchen."I can cook too," Harry said, his heart still beating and emotions still at large, but easing with every word, "But I don't think Sn- Professor Snape trusts me to.""I can tell," Mr Patel said, stretching his arms."You can tell he doesn't trust me?"Mr Patel blinked before his eyes widened in understanding, "Oh, no! You are a good cook. Even though you only cut the onions and tomatoes. My sister doesn't help me with those.""Can't she use a knife?"Mr Patel waved a dismissive hand, a sharp smile on his lips while his head turned to the door, "She doesn't like her eyes burning, and says the onions smell worse than my socks."Letting out a laugh, Harry felt the uneasy tightness of his chest loosen as his body shook with small tremors, his tense shoulders relaxing when Mr Patel went on to say he deliberately made his socks smell bad whenever Professor Patel was particularly infuriating."That, however -" he continued with emphasis, eyeing his sister as she came in, carrying with her a small plate, "- Is our secret. Isn't it Harry?"Professor Patel's eyes narrowed at her brother. She walked past him without another look, placing the plate on the free spot beside Harry, "I suppose I won't ask," she said, grabbing a biscuit from the plate and taking a harsh bite, chewing exaggeratingly hard."Mr Patel told me of your brilliant cooking talents, Professor," Harry said, taking an offered biscuit."Did he now?"Mr Patel leaned back in his chair, "Well, brilliant is inappropriate. Though I made no comment on your bakery skills.""You just want a biscuit.""You're my favorite and only baker, roohi,"She did end up giving him a biscuit, which Mr Patel seemed to like but Harry couldn't enjoy as much.The biggest reason was that it held ginger, which Harry had formed a rather blatant hostility against, and that the biscuit felt foreign on his tongue. Unnatural. Like the ginger didn't want to be baked with the sugar and refused to be sweetened, even with the cup of milk Professor Patel offered.He didn't take a second helping until Snape arrived at quarter to five."I apologise to have imposed on you like this," Snape told Mr Patel (Professor Patel couldn't see him off, as the bell had rung while she was busy 'praying' in the parlour).Mr Patel shook his head, "Not at all, Professor.""Are you experiencing any pains?" Snape asked while Harry pulled on his shoes, almost slipping on the steps and feeling his cheeks heat up at the hold Snape got on him without even looking, cutting his fall."Yes. The medicine you gave me is finished, and I noticed Aisha's empty… uh, what was the name of the substance?""The balm?" Snape said without much drawling, clutching Harry's shoulder to prevent him abling away to catch a better look of kids playing at the end of the street short, "Has her skin shown some improvement, at least?"Mr Patel gave a pathetic sort of shake of his head."Very well. I'll see what I can do," he nodded at Mr Patel, turning half-way around, "My regards to your sister," and without loosening his hold on Harry's arm, he marched down the street, feet clicking ominously on the cobblestone."Had an enjoyable time?" he asked Harry while walking down the steps, scattering the few people milling about the bottom, "I suppose your enjoyment makes no difference. They're the only ones I trust you with at the moment."At his silence, Snape let go of his arm, "Anything I should know about, Harry?""We've taken the wrong turn," Harry replied, facing the left street they should have taken instead of the foreign right direction they were heading towards."We're making an improvised visit," he said, facing the street, which was comparably more crowded than the one they usually took, "Answer my question.""Once we take the correct road home, sir, I will."Harry collided with Snape's back. The people around them, who were more interested in making way for Snape rather than cross paths with him, turned their heads to look at the yelp of surprise from Harry. Harry rubbed his nose, looking up at a rigid Snape who still had his back to him."Do not, Mr Potter," Snape began, dangerously quiet and with a thick voice laced tight with rising frustration, "Ever call it that. Understood?"Harry, who was not even looking at his face and had his ears full with the noise of the street and passing carts already took a step back, giving a shaky nod."Yes, sir."Snape continued to walk without another word.The rest of the walk was a mixture of silence and single word orders to stand close whenever Harry lingered far, which sometimes shifted into Snape taking a hold of his arm and dragging him forward by the shoulder.Harry did his best to keep up, futile though it was. He had adopted a particular slide that made it harder for Harry to keep up, often taking twice as many steps to not linger behind.The labyrinth of turns were little comfort. The buildings morphed gradually from the shops and ordinary houses to a much ignored part of town, one Harry didn't want to find himself alone in at night. He shuffled forward, peering at the run-down buildings from under his cap. Hands in pockets, he shuffled forward, turning his head away from the leering, rotting shapes.He didn't see the pit. Harry's foot caught the pothole that split sharply from the road, his feet scuffing under him as his balance faltered. Flapping inelegantly, he regained balance right as Snape turned, throwing his arms behind him while arching his spine back, away from Snape's piercing eyes."I didn't fall," Harry defended himself, lifting his chin yet ignoring Snape's persistent gaze."How convincing," came the unconvinced reply with a roll of eyes.Harry's reply came later, much later, when they made yet another unfamiliar turn onto an unfamiliar road. Snape doesn't notice, though. He doesn't have to. But as they walk into the street, the involuntary warmth of Snape's arm around his shoulders breathes life in Harry's chest. It was so unlike the evening cold seeping under his skin, inspiring a sense of freedom even beside the leering buildings caging them into the narrow alley.And so very alive at the sight of a building across from them. ."I don't believe you," Harry rasps in disbelief. He doesn't leave Snape's side, withholding the excitement that shows itself in dark cheeks and a cracking smile, "You found them."Snape refuses to acknowledge it, and Harry doesn't want him to. They have no words to say to each other, but the letters arching over the iron gates speak enough, more than the newspapers ever can."I have one thing to say, however," Snape stops him beneath the rusty iron, "You may not speak to them directly.""What?"Snape turns his eyes to the wooden doors and Harry follows his gaze. Across the patches of dry grass, beyond cobblestones cracked by dry plants, a large window looms.And behind it a group of children.Snape takes him by the arm, stopping Harry's first step inside and cutting his smile short."Smallpox," Snape says, grim and defeated, "A child has acquired it. They're accepting no visitors.""But my family-""I control no disease, Potter. Believe me."Harry does believe him. But with his family waving behind the window, a smile on each of their faces, the only thing he wants to believe is what he can see. Defeated, he offers a nod to Snape, ducks under his arm as he pushes open the door and gains speed with every step he takes.As he approaches, the vague silhouettes resolve into individual features. Upon his last step, his breath catches in his throat."David?"The smiling boy was others were just as he remembered, soot free, identically clothed with bruises blossoming across their faces."How ya doing, Harry?""How am I doing? What happened to your face?" he asks, frowning at their averted gazes.He couldn't get an answer. Marie suddenly jumped into view, throwing her hands up and screaming loud enough to make Snape wince in obvious agony."Harry! Harry you came back!"He dropped his shoulders, tilting his head while a soft smile slipped to his lips, "Hello, Marie.""Harry, I want to tell you something," she continued breathlessly, pressing both hands on the window, "Mama and Papa are coming back! I prayed, just like you said, and now mama and papa are coming back!"Harry blinked, once, twice. He lifted his eyes from Marie to David, and David pressed his lips together, looking at the other boys who seemed equally lost."Marie," Joe said behind her, patting her awkwardly on the head, "Why don't you show Harry the toy your mama and papa bought you?"Her face lit up brighter than Harry had ever seen. She ordered Harry to not move, pushing past the boys and running down the hall, her dress fluttering behind her.Dress?"Why is she…" Harry hissed, peering into the window, "Why is she dressed like that? And what does she mean by mama and papa?""That's, well, you see-" Joe tried to explain."I tried to tell her but-" David cut in, putting his hand over Joe's mouth only to recoil with a yelp when Joe bit down.Rory pushed them aside, "Oh shut it. Tried to tell them, they say. I say-""You lo' should let me speak," Oliver pushed through, Mums behind him with his hands behind his back, "And don' le' Marie run off like tha' again. The other girls don' look at her nice.""They're jealous," snapped Rory, cradling his hand, glaring at Joe, "They all are.""So were ya, Rory. We all are. Don' look at me funny, Joe.""Stop spitting nonsense then!"David scoffed, leanin on the wall, "Yes, well-"Snape cleared his throat. Immediately, each boy turned towards Snape. Harry, of course, didn't give any reaction. The rest, however, much to Harry's delight fell awfully quiet. And even Rory, who was still complaining about his hand, stashed it behind his back."Is your matron not joining us in the meeting?" Snape asked, moving to stand beside Harry. He wondered if it was intentional. To loom over the children as such, casting a shadow across their faces and terrifying them with ordinary questions asked in unordinary tones."She is kept very busy," Joe whispered, squaring his shoulders and looking elsewhere when Snape faced him, "Elizabeth still has the smallpox. A-and no doctor has come yet, so the matrons don't have time for us... unless sick.""I see," Snape said,looking deep in thought. He took a deep breath, taking a step forward and turning on his heel to face Harry, "Unless you have infinite time, I urge you to be quick about the conversation."Harry nodded, "What were you saying about Marie, Oliver?"Among many things, Harry learned that Marie was being taken in by a family soon, and her soon to be father was to claim her in the following days. In the meantime, they had provided her with clothes and, as Marie showed Harry while jumping up and down, stuffed toys. Harry smiled at her while she could see, but the state of the boys didn't pass unnoticed. At the end, they sent Marie to her bed once more, telling her to rest for her new mama. Marie cried. Snape tried to urge her to bed when they failed to soothe her, and it only made her cry louder, screaming as she ran down the corridor. And Harry realised a few things.They weren't happy. Not at all. They too smiled, when Marie talked to them, though behind them was the strain Harry knew only too well. Jealousy, anger. Harry, too, had often felt the same whenever he came upon a family during his cleaning days. The loneliness, the unfairness of it all. Watching someone own something you could only visit in your dreams. Harry was better now. He knew he was. He was thin, but they were hinner. He had clothes a few sizes too big yet clean. The rest had uneven patches sewn clumsily on their clothes already too small.Harry hung his head, "They're hitting you here, aren't they?"Rory scoffed, earning a glare from Oliver, at which he rolled his eyes."Ya aren't this daft, Harry," Oliver said, stepping closer and pressing a hand on the glass, "'Course they hit us-" his free hand swept down the side of his face, above a fresh bruise yellow around the edges, "Don' think there'd be any who didn't."From the side of his vision, Snape clenched his hand. Harry hunched in on himself, taking a step forward, "Listen," he whispered sharply, drawing them closer with a beckoning of his hand. The group exchanged looks, but huddled their heads closer, bodies pressed together against the window. Harry peeked from above his shoulder, and whispered as loudly as he cold without being heard, "I have a plan.""What plan?" David asked too loudy. That earned a slap on the back of the head from Mums, which all too quickly turned into a scuffle on their side.Harry dropped his hands between his palms, groaning. A hand knocked on the door, pulling him back. Oliver smiled, strained and weary - unforced yet pulled over dry, neglected skin. Harry pressed his own hand over the window, the disease be damned, and smiled, his eyes closing."I'll look after them, Harry."Harry chuckled. Forced, dry, "You can't shoulder everything.""I know.""I have a plan, Oliver. To help us all," Harry whispered, opening his eyes. His other fist was clenched now fueled by whatever emotion was stirring in his chest, and raised his chin, "I will earn money, and I will get us out of here, into that warm house we dreamed of."When it was Oliver's time to chuckle, it slipped past his lips like water through a parted gate. Smooth, welcoming. A clean laugh that Harry wouldn't doubt as anything but real."I trust you, Harry," Oliver said, joining their hands behind the pane.And those words stayed with him long after they left Greenpath Orphanage. The clock pointed past eight, the sky a blossom of dark colours racing past the horizon. At the table, the two ate in silence under the company of the lantern. The orange flames flickered weakly, casting long shadows on the wood. Dropping his spoon in his empty bowl, Harry stood up, sinking deeper into the darkness of the room."May I be excused, sir?""Leave your plate on the counter and wait for me on the sofa," replied Snape, face brimming with darkness, despite a number of lamps placed throughout the room. Harry nodded, steering around the table. Placing the plate on the counter, he poured himself a cup of water from the pitcher and drank it down in one gulp. The cup left beside the plate, Harry passed by Snape and sat himself down on the sofa.It took an infuriating amount of time for Snape to join him in the parlor, unbuttoning his sleeves. The light caught his body with every step, glowing faintly over his dark clothes. And when he sat, Harry thought he caught a glimpse of something dark and large on his arm. Snape pulled his sleeve sharply down, and Harry pretended not to see anything by focusing on the mantelpiece.He narrowed his eyes."The picture is gone."Snape stilled, "What picture?"Harry lifted a hand, pointing at the spot above the mantelpiece where the photo used to be, "The picture of the young woman, under a tree. It's gone. Did you remove it?"Snape let the void of silence do the speaking, the clock chiming in and the late night wind rattling the window. Harry dared not speak. The sky was a messy splash of white dots, as always, too far for Harry to see clearly. He still watched them, though. The blinking lights so far in the distance. And yet, others could see them. Wish upon them. As foolish as the thought was, perhaps Marie's prayer was accepted because she could see them, if she prayed to them at all.Harry turned to Snape. Snape was watching him back, just as careful, face half-concealed in the shadows."Do you pray, sir?"An unanswered moment. Then, a sharp intake of breath, "What brick has your head collided with for you to ask such a thing?"Harry twiled his fingers together, "Marie and I… we spoke, the morning I first came into your shop. Or before coming here. She wanted her mother and father to come back -they're not- well, they died, I think and-""I must have missed the point you're trying to make between the unnecessary amount of sentences you've managed to string together," Snape snapped, "Do draw your conclusion."Harry tapped his fingers unevenly on the sofa, muscles taut, "We both agreed to pray for a family, that morning. For a warm house and warm food and good clothes. She's getting a family now," Harry hung his head, the words hanging his shoulders, "A father, a mother. I think I did it wrong. I prayed, too, just before I fell. But maybe I haven't prayed to the right… thing?""Thing?""Well, the Patels prayed today, too. Doing some odd actions, such as bending down, though Mr Patel sat on the ground… What? Oh, fine, my conclusion is that they prayed 'salah' to God, called Allah. I know some families-" he squeezed his arm, running a nail down the exposed skin, feeling something vaguely familiar to what he experienced that afternoon, "Attend church… But I prayed to… nothing. Is that why my prayer didn't come true?"Snape's response was a sigh, his face lost in the shadows, his cheekbones occasionally visible from swelling candle flames. All quite, lost. Eyes lost in the window, the orange flickering in his black eyes."Sir?""I do not pray, Potter. I do not indulge in such… unpleasantries.""Unpleasantries?""Each to their own, Mr Potter. I do not pray. I do not degrade you or Professor Patel's methods openly. There is little for me to contribute to your views on the matter."Harry shrugged, "If Marie prayed to the stars, I think mine didn't come true because I can't see them.""What?"Harry pushed himself back on the couch.. Snape was close, leaning closer, the lines crossing his face that made him look older than he really was bright in the light. Harry swallowed, clutching the fabric of the sofa, knuckles burinıing."I-I won't pray to the stars next time, sir?"Snape groaned, his scowl cutting sharply into his features, "I was playing at humour, when I said you must have hit your head. I very strongly doubt it is a joke anymore. Do you believe that is the part of the sentence I am critiquing?"Harry did. He didn't admit it, though. Curling into himself, Harry looked down at his toes, "No, sir.""Am I correct to assume you cannot see, Mr Potter?""Only far distances, sir.""And how long have you been like this, Mr Potter?"Harry dug his fingers into his arm, "As long as I could remember sir.""And you have kept this from me why?"Sighing, Harry lifted his head, facing Snape who was now standing very close, a hand on the back of the sofa, "It hasn't mattered before, it doesn't matter now.""It matters to me. What happens in your life concerns me."Harry snorted, "No it bloody well doesn't," he whispered into his arm, turning away from Snape again. That would have been the end of that conversation. Snape would be angry, send Harry to his room and they would fall into their previous routines, as though the incident hadn't taken place. This time, though, Snape didn't shout. Harry preferred for him to shout, to throw a tantrum and leave him alone.The dangerous curl of his low voice, strong with a spitting warmth of irritation was much, much scarier."Excuse me?""I don't matter. Not to you. Not to anyone. The only part of me you're concerned with is the Boy-Who-Lived, not anything else," Harry still challenged, his hands squeezed into fists, heart hammering, mind blaring because this was a terribly foolish mistake.But it was a mistake Harry was willing to make."And you think that is below me?"I think it's below anyone to think my only worth comes from a title I was giving for something I haven't done!" the words escaped, and he didn't try to stop them as they frothed from inside and spat like wild poison, "I think it's below you to keep me here while acting like a sodding bomb!"Snape sprang to his feet, jabbing a finger into Harry's chest, "Watch your mouth with me, Potter.""And you don't even tell me!" Harry shouted through his dry mouth, hands slipping into his hair and pulling them by the roots, "You don't tell me what sets you off, and expect me to keep away.""I expect you to be an obedient stu-" Snape stopped himself, his long fingers curling into a fist, "I expect you to be respectful."Harry laughed, dropping his hands, "You want to control me. That's what you want."Snape took a shaky breath, speaking through gritted teeth, "I am very close to doing something you and I will regret, Potter.""You are like the atoms you told me about. Like that large ele-something table, except you don't know where to belong and no one knows either. You can't decide on how to treat me.""Perhaps it's because you don't know how to act," Snape spat through his teeth, uncurling his finger and waving it in front of Harry's face."Well, it didn't have to be that, did it?" Harry answered, jaw clenched and body shaking uncontrollably, "No one needed to know! You could have gone around, spent your years in peace without me. Dumble-lore didn't need to know! Patel didn't need to know and-"Harry slammed a hand over his mouth, much too late.Snape's hand immediately dropped, his brows lifting. They were down again in only a second, his body bending over Harry, trapping him in the corner of the couch."For your own well being," Snape hissed, the light from behind Harry only darkening his face with menacing shadows, "tell me you haven't told Professor Patel who you are."At his silence, Snape's hand slammed down on the armrest, "Answer me!"At the loud noise, Harry flinched, nails digging into his skin and heart caught in a deathly squeeze. Trembling, Harry shook his head, trying to hide his head in his arms, "I-I'm very sorry, I-"That must have been the fire that set off the bomb. Harry felt a thorned grip around his arm, nails digging into his skin. He shouted, at the sudden pain, but Snape's hold stood tight, unwavering. And as far as Harry's pleas went, they didn't stop Snape from lifting him up.Pulled from the sofa, Snape dragged Harry across the room, not even flinching when Harry's fingers dug into his hand.Eyes already burning, surroundings turning fuzzy, Harry felt the world slipping past his fingers, the hold he had on himself breaking as he was flung into his room.And with a final look at Harry, Snape slammed the door closed, the lock clicking.Leaving Harry alone in the dark.Do I think Snape would hit Harry? No. Do I think this is something he would have done? Honestly, I kinda do. But it's mostly fuled by not wanting to do something worse, in my opinion, and specefically in this situation. Will this be the end of their relationship? Of course not. But Snape needs to comfront his own demons and tgink back on the argument (even if its not clear what Harry is arguing about because lets face it, a) Harry's a child and b) arguments don't make sense most of the time). Anyway, I started chapter 11. Thank you for your comments and reviews, hope to see you next week :)Salam

TW: Flashback and self-harm.I don't know why, but I've forgotten to credit my beta the last few chapters. So thank you, absinthe, for all your efforts.There was no sound in the room, nor light.The minute the door closed, time slipped out of his grasp, sending him back before Snape, before even his makeshift family huddled together for physical and emotional warmth.Harry is still. Much too still.Until he isn't. Until the stillness he so trusted takes such a rapid shift into a drumming heart, Harry feels like he's been toppled over. Nausea and cold dread pools in his stomach creating a vile mixture. One hand over his stomach, Harry manages to regain a little balance before he feels a hot flash strike his body, leaving behind beads of sweat. Cold, hot. Both of them at once and the growing noise from those thumping footsteps flooding viciously in his ears, louder than they actually are. Louder than they should be.He tries the door - once, twice. It doesn't open, and the feeling of being abandoned on a high ledge bites his insides."No, no…" he drops the handle with shaking hands, tugging his trembling fists against his chest, "No!"He takes a step back. Another. Then another. Enough steps to get his back to hit something solid and slip down its length, away from the screams, away from the shouts ringing in his ears. But he can't cry. He won't let himself be heard. So with hands slammed against his mouth, legs, stomach and head throbbing with searing pain, Harry curls up into a ball, away from the screams and shouts of his uncle and aunt in the cupboard under the stairs.The clock in the parlor struck once. Harry stilled, pulling his wet hands from his lips but made no effort to stand up, counting the ringing.One, two, three… ending at exactly ten.Minutes. It had only been minutes. Harry further curled up into himself, hands once more covering his mouth, this time to calm his exhausted breathing.Some stray tears drip past his nose, tapping on the wood underneath him. And only when the half-hour mark rang out, followed by a slamming of a door did Harry pull himself up. His fingers shook still.The window caught his attention. There was no moon, only pale lights barely making it past his window. Harry turned his back to it, stumbling to the bed. What he had experienced… it wasn't there anymore, but it left behind an exhaustion settled in his bones and a hoard of emotions he felt too tired to sort through. Harry shivered, wiping furiously at his eyes. He wouldn't go through this. He refused to go through this. He refused to be angry, to be sad for the things he had caused and refused to be confused about what had happened.But when he felt the memories treading back, he pulled up his sleeve and jarred his chapped nail down his arm. Again, and again and again. Whilst he stood, whilst he laid down and even while the exhaustion, too strong for him to fend off, pulled him into a restless sleep.Morning didn't come when he awoke. The scratching didn't stop. Brief burns flickering down his skin until he was calm enough to sleep.Morning hadn't arrived the second time he woke up either, so Harry, refusing to be angry, fist and jaw clenched, stumbled to the window. It jarred open sharply long enough for Harry to breath in the half-dirty air before walking back to the bed. The cold seeped through the window. He curled up around the blanket, tossing and turning and scratching until the first blue of the morning.And then, he slept.The third time he woke up, the sun was trickling past the window and touching his face, easing him out of his restless sleep.Harry turned to his right, away from the light, covering his face and trying to go back to sleep. It almost worked, until he heard footsteps climbing up the stairs and crossing the parlor without pausing. Harry tensed, squeezing his hands and lying very, very stil.The door opened without the click of a lock, making Harry wonder when Snape had unlocked it. Then, he remembered the windows, how he had left them open during the night and how they were closed now. That didn't comfort him at all. In fact, the idea of Snape entering the room while Harry was sleeping, at his most vulnerable, made him wrinkle his nose and grimace.The footsteps stopped just beside his bed, catching Harry's breath. Just for a second. That's when he remembered to breathe, for the sake of his pretend sleep, taking measured and deep breaths.Harry heard Snape sigh, then the gentle thud of something being placed on the desk near his bed before the footsteps carried out the room, closing the door behind them.There came no click of the lock.It still took Harry long after the footsteps disappeared down the office to lift the blanket, sighing in relief at the cool air that touched his exposed skin and sweaty shirt.And lifting his head, Harry saw a small tray on the table with a small bowl and a spoon aligned neatly on the side, waiting for him. He still felt exhausted, as though the source of all his emotions and energy had been drained to the last drop, leaving him to navigate alone in the drought. Still, he pushed his legs over the side of the bed, shakily walking towards the table and picking up the bowl of porridge.Squeezing his eyebrows, he lifted the spoon, hating himself for being able to stomach the food despite everything that had happened.After the last bite, he dropped the spoon into the bowl, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand and wiping that on his trousers. Turning to the bed, he took a precious fifteen minutes to tiredly make the sheets, spending another ten to get himself to look somewhat presentable before walking out the room, tray in hand.There was no Snape in the parlor. As the man hated Harry washing the dishes, thinking he'd waste the precious water they had, Harry left the bowl and spoon on the counter and stuffed the tray beside the corner of the counter.The clock rang behind him, making him jump and narrow his eyes. It stopped at nine. Harry raised his brows, turning to the door in surprise. Snape had left Harry asleep this long. Then again, after last night…Harry sighed. What had they even argued about? Harry couldn't even remember what had stemmed the angry outbursts. Was it seeing Oliver? Getting tired of Snape meddling with his life? Harry bit down on his lip, nodding furiously at the thought. That had to be it. Snape was meddling into his life, and Harry had enough of it, and was going to go down stairs and- But... it wasn't meddling. He stopped short of touching the door knob, pulling his hand back.Harry recalled all the good things Snape had done, since the day he arrived while pacing around the room, dropping his face into his face. The only times he remembered being angry at Snape were at the comments he made, or when Snape didn't even flick him on the ear were he to answer back.And, with that, Harry felt a complete idiot for thinking he could barge down the stairs and stand in front of Snape, wearing the clothes he had bought him, stomach full from the food he had made him after sleeping in the room he had given him.No, Harry rubbed his arm, taking a deep breath and opening the door. He wouldn't say anything. In fact, he wouldn't apologise at all and wait until Snape said anything and act according to how the conversation went.Even if it took them the whole day to get there.Mind made up, he threw open the door, chin raised and feet firmly on the step. He wouldn't shrink away. He wouldn't. Harry would open his door, go down the stairs and greet Snape as he normally did before getting back to work and-He barely reached the door before he pulled his hand back, feeling his cheeks burn as he slid down the wall.A sigh left his lips, long and tired, leaving his body to slouch against the wall. Extending his legs, Harry leaned his head back on the wall, closing his eyes. This wouldn't work. Harry just couldn't see how he could make up for what happened last night, or the days before, without making a mistake and not letting Snape get the upper hand during the conversation either.So he stayed there some ten minutes, paddling in a river of his own thoughts for a solution. None came. So when the bell chimed, of course Harry jumped to his feet, finding the customers an appealing alternative to speaking with Snape.But that, too, made his shoulders drop in defeat."M-may I help you?" he asked shakily, the hand he placed on the counter to balance him tapping on the wood."Oh, who are you young sir?" said the man with balding red hair and blue eyes behind a pair of glasses, wearing an excited smile, "An assistant of the Professor's?""Uh, yes, I am, actually," he said, stopping his hand. Harry eyed the man, and then the child he had brought with him that looked his age, with his father's tall, thin and gangling frame. The boy also had freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose, which he pitched occasionally with a mild expression of pain, "Would you like me to get him for you, sir?""We just came to pick up an order," the man said, a hand over the boy's shoulder, who was looking rather hopeful, "If you know where that is-" Harry shook his head. The boy's eyes dropped, his hands folded over his chest, "-Well, in that case, please tell Professor Snape Mr Weasley came to collect an order."Harry nodded, looking at the boy one last time before stepping towards the door. Hand on the handle, he bit down on his lips, nervously shuffling his feet.Mr Weasley's voice pressed forward, "Is everything alright, young man?"Harry turned his head sharply towards Mr Weasly, and gave a quick shake of his head. No, what could be so wrong as to stop him from opening the door, walk down the spiralling staircase and tell Snape he had a customer? Nothing. Unless one was Harry, or any entity that had gotten into an argument with him. Blinking, he pulled down the handle, the metal almost slipping past his sweaty fingers and stepped into the room.He thought about calling him from the first step. The room wasn't very deep underground. He would certainly hear. But Harry feared that'd be rude, and rude was something he was planning to become.Unless he was provoked, of course.So Harry took the stairs one step at a time, under the occasional shadow cast from the light on the metal steps. And when he reached the bottom, expecting to find Snape busy bent over his work, he paused at the last step with parted lips.Snape was in the corner, sitting on a chair. His elbows were placed on his thighs, hands stippled in front of his face, balancing his head while his back arched forward.Harry took the last step, his hand still on the rails, cool to the touch. This, seeing Snape like that in the corner, felt like an intrusion to his privacy. Snape was a stern man, with a strict composure and even harsher decorum.Harry ran a hand numbly down his arm, eyes pinned on his shoes, "Sir?"Harry, of course, didn't see Snape's response, but he heard some small movement, and a low but clear voice crossing the room, "Yes, Mr Potter?""Uh," Harry lifted a hand to stroke his hair, eyes now travelling up the length of the cabinets, "There is… Mr Weasley. He said he's here for an order.""Mr Weasly?" he repeated, the chair sliding across the floor. Harry lifted his head to find Snape had stood up and was crossing the distance between them with lengthy steps.Harry took a step back, taking a sharp breath. That stopped Snape, right in front of the spot the saturated light of the day hit. His abrupt stop sent dust spiralling in the air. And the room was cast into a silence, left to the tuneless dance of the dust particles catching the light.Much like Harry's nerves, it was uneven. Rapid. A million things at once jolting his heart until time settled them, like the dust spreading a thin layer on the floor.At that, Harry took a breath, wiping his forehead and clearing his throat, "I-I'll go up first, shall I?"It wasn't a suggestion, and had all the implication to be an order, but Snape nodded along, waiting until Harry was halfway up before his footsteps joined Harry's, echoing evenly in the room.The Weaslys hadn't moved at all. Harry offered them a smile, which only the elder Weasly returned, and stepped around the corner to stand in front of the counter, away from the chimney and where he predicted Snape would stand."Mr Weasley," came the greeting, a long leg sliding through the crack in the door, long fingers pushing the door closed, "How delightful to see you back from your trip.Mr Weasly gave a heartfelt smile, moving forward to join Snape once he was close enough and taking his long fingers in his large hand, "Same for you, Professor Snape. Say, the shop looks a little empty compared to our last visit."Snape gave a stern smile, "Does it? Pity. I would have hoped it would look far more… lively with an additional inhabitant.""Ah, yes," Mr Weasley said, his eyes striding towards Harry, "Youth. They bring some excitement to life, wouldn't you agree?"For some reason, the boy snorted, failing miserably to hide it behind a cough. Harry smiled at the twitch on the corner of his lips, visible with even his horrible vision, though his smile was wiped clean when Snape continued to talk."Most excitement I've had in twelve years," Snape said dryly, joining his hands behind his back, "The dangers my students subject me to can't even compare.""A far more qualified chemist, I presume?"Snape tossed Harry a glance, seizing him from head to toe before turning to Mr Weasly, "Far more competent than young Mr Weasley's in-class performance. Which does remind me-" he then turned to the boy, hands still behind his back, arching forward, "-Your trip to Egypt does not exempt you from homework."The boy coloured as dark as his hair and gave a jerky nod, pushing his father's hand from his head when it came down to pat his hair, "Yes, Professor..."Harry didn't listen after that, as Mr Weasly was engaging Snape in all sorts of enthusiastic conversation, even ones Snape was clearly uninterested in, but was politely nodding along to. Harry took the opportunity to walk around the two once they started to talk about the boy's eldest brother who was an archeologist working in Egypt, and stood right next to him.The boy turned to face him, and Harry lifted a hand in greeting, "Hello.""Hello," the boy said awkwardly, shifting his eyes from Harry to the adults (who were now talking about the convict, Sirius Black) and back to Harry again. He then extended a hand, rubbing his neck shly with the other, "My name's Ron. How 'bout you?""Harry," he replied, taking Ron's hand with a smile.Ron, while shaking his hand, pulled Harry to the side, near the fireplace. He didn't notice Harry turning his back to the fireplace, or the way he squared his shoulders, and that was fine with Harry. Ron did, however, lean forward, a hand covering his mouth as he whispered into Harry's ear, "Are you really Snape's assistant?"Harry glanced above his shoulder, "You can say that, yeah.""Blimey, he must be less of a git than school, if you can put up with him. Do you work here all summer?""Only since a week before July," Harry admitted with a shrug, grinning when Ron took the maths to his fingers.Ron dropped his fingers, "So, sixteen days?"Harry grimaced, remembering the week spent at Diagon Alley, "Almost, yeah. Is today the eighth?""Seventh," Ron corrected, straightening his posture after looking behind Harry, "Do you go to Hogwarts?"Harry sighed, shaking his head, "No. I want to, though," he said tiredly, stuffing his hands into his pockets, "What's it like there?"Ron laughed, lightly patting his shoulder, "You need to be a lot more specific, mate."So first, Harry asked about the teachers, and what lessons they had there. Ron fell into a long speech about each subject and their teachers, at the end of which Harry only remembered Professor McGonogall who taught something called physics."I'm not good at any of them, though. But this year we'll have different electives, and I'm thinking about choosing art with Professor Trelawney, but Hermione's -she's my friend, at Hogwarts- choosing everything! Can you believe it?""She must be smart," Harry said, folding his arms, a pang of jealousy from hearing how Ron could study all these subjects.Ron nodded, fiddling with his coat pocket, "Too smart for her own good-" he pulled out a small brown paper bag from his pocket, taking out a small ball with a white coating and offering it to Harry, "-Here.""What is it?" Harry asked without taking it."Dates," Ron said, popping it into his mouth, chewing a few times before speaking, mouth still full, "Well, candy. My brother 'aught us the recep'. 'ry some."Harry took the second offered candy and gave it a smell, immediately wrinkling his nose, "Smells like cinnamon," he said, putting the candy back into the bag."Oh," Ron said, swallowing, "It does have cinnamon. How'd you smell it so well?"Harry shrugged, suddenly very interested to go up to his room, curl into a ball under the sheets and pretend he didn't exist, "Keen nose.""Are you done, son?" Mr Weasley called from behind them, holding a large cloth bag in his hands. Harry hadn't heard Snape bring up the order, and Ron mustn't have either, because he choked from his third candy, stuffing the bag clumsily into his pocket, "No, da," he then turned to Harry, a a flushed smile on his face, "I hope we meet again. It'd be great, having you at Hogwarts. Bye Harry."Harry waved him goodbye, nodding politely at Mr Weasley and watching them walk out the door, the bell ringing behind them. Harry waited with Snape until they disappeared down the street, mingling with the crowd.The two didn't speak. But when the silence grew unbearable, Harry spoke at the same time Snape opened his mouth."Professor-""Potter-"They shared a glance, and Harry gestured towards him, reluctant to speak first, "Y-You first, sir."Snape tapped the counter three times with his long fingers, before pushing away and walking around it. Harry followed close behind, the door open behind them as they went down the spiralling staircase.Back downstairs, Harry sat down on his chair as gestured, pinching his arm. The room echoed with the sound of a chair being pulled from the corner, which quickly ended as Snape instead lifted it. Harry wondered if Snape didn't like loud noises until the man dropped the chair in front of Harry and sat down."I wish to talk about last night," Snape said without giving Harry time to adjust himself, hands clasped on his lap."Me too, sir," Harry said, because he agreed. But mostly he didn't have anything else to say."You must understand that it cannot happen again."Harry bowed his head, squeezing his arm, "I do, sir.""And for that…" Snape's words lingered, silence dragging forth, "We both have a part to play."Harry lifted his head, "Sir?"Snape leaned back in his chair, looking very tired, "You cannot expect me to be the lone participant in this… truce.""I wasn't. I mean-" Harry twirled his fingers, "Is that all we're going to do?""Have you any other ideas?""I don't. But I don't want to leave last night…. Unresolved.""You find it unresolved?" Snape said in the tone that wanted clarification and often got on Harry's nerves, face void of emotion.Harry took a deep breath and held it there, releasing it loudly into his hands, "Yes, I do.""And so do I. What part of it have you found the most conflicting?"Harry too leaned back, fiddling with his hands, running last night's argument in his mind. After a few minutes, when Snape waited surprisingly patiently, he started."First I want to say… It was a mistake, telling Professor Patel," Harry squeezed the fabric of his trousers, "I thought you trusted her, so… I wasn't careful. Careful enough.""Yes, I have noticed. That is…" Snape narrowed his eyes, pulling his lips into a thin line. Harry thought he looked conflicted, a few hundred thoughts running inside his head. He did, however, pull out of his thoughts with a blank expression.Harry often felt Snape never showed how he really felt."Last night cannot happen again. We... both were at fault. You, with telling Professor Patel -let me finish, Mr Potter- who you are, with my exact instruction to not do so, followed by an argument which I did not, and currently do not, appreciate."Harry ran a hand deftly through his hair, fingers pulling his bangs over his scar."But I am willing to listen to your reasoning, just this once-" Harry's eyes widened "-Under the conditions that you speak coherently, and listen to me after you break down your argument. Understood?"A nod. Snape sighed, loosely gesturing for him to speak, "I will not interrupt you.""And will you-" Harry swallowed thickly, the ghost of a touch brushing his upper arm, "Nevermind. I just… I feel confused. Confused on how to act. Like I-I said yesterday. I don't know whether to act this way or that way, because you don't tell me what to do."Snape nodded curtly. Taking a deep breath, Harry avoided Snape's eye as he continued, "I feel like you're controlling me. Having a say in everything I say and do. And I realize that for some things, you're right in what you do. But I don't… I don't want to be a servant.""I haven't been treating you as such.""I know but what I mean is…" Harry sighed, running a hand down his face, "Please don't act like every mistake I make is killing you. I know- Some things I did, they weren't good. But stop acting as I'm going to put you in danger every second you leave me unsupervised."Snape dropped his hands, "It's not myself I'm concerned about," he whispered slowly, quiet enough that Harry almost missed it. But without a second pause, and allowing Harry to speak, Snape crossed his legs taking on a much relaxed poise."Regarding the way I act, I will make a conscious effort to give clear instructions, steering you in the right direction should I fınd you're wavering without extreme… commentary."The words, forced through a clenched jaw, left no convincing impression. Harry made it known by blinking rapidly, hands squeezing the edge of his chair. There came no acknowledgement."I am inclined towards authority and discipline, and find no issue in being as such. You are a liability I will not risk endangering. My actions, which you interpret as 'meddling' will not change until Headmaster Dumbledore arrives, bearing the news of your future."Harry blinked, "You're… A stranger is going to decide what's going to happen to me.""You'll be surprised at how involved the Headmaster is with your affairs, well-being or otherwise.""...Do you trust him, sir?"The pause was enough to get Harry doubting the answer. However, Snape replied with an air of sincerity readily apparent behind his intended ambiguity."More than I trust anyone.""That's not enough reason to get me to trust him.""No," Snape agreed, "I would not expect it to, either. But that is neither here, nor there. I have one more request.""Request?"Snape nodded, "You may regard it as a condition, if you're intending to treat the word any less than the rules I have set before you. You are to continue having weekly sessions with Professor Patel, until we agree for you to stop.""Who is 'we'?" Harry asked, voice very quiet and very cautious, like he was approaching a wounded animal."Headmaster Dumbledore, Professor Patel and myself."Harry crossed his arms, "But why?""Because-" Snape bit out, closing his eyes and releasing a deep breath "-Because I said so, and because time will let you know.""That is not at all relieving."Snape smirked, standing up and pulling the chair up by the back, "I wasn't intending for it to be. Back to work, Potter, and no interruptions."Sometimes it was very hard to forgive.But in this instance, Harry smiled, because the pair of them had at least made it easier to forget.Standing up as well, he walked towards the cabinets where his books and newspapers were. His back to Snape, he spoke, the words heavy on his tongue."I don't know if I have the right to say this, sir, but I am sorry. For the… unjustified words I spoke."He didn't see Snape, but heard the pause in the ruffling papers, "You're expanding your vocabulary. How comforting."Lifting his book and not knowing how to respond, Harry collected the rest of the materials in his arms, ready to go back to his chair.A hand extended in front of him, slowing his step.He didn't look up."My actions were regarding your... " Harry looked up at the right time to catch Snape glancing at his arm. Their eyes met, and Harry instinctively ran a hand down his upper arm, shifting his gaze."It won't happen again.""I know sir.""And I apologise for it."Harry fiddled with the side of the pages, stroking the finger he had cut on the edges, "Thank you, sir."Snape dropped his hand, clasping it with the other behind his back and said, "You may work on the table, if you wish," before turning around towards his work.The rest of the day was mostly silent.Next chapter: The Guests of Malfoy Manor

Thank you, absinthe, for your edits. :)The following week was remarkably uneventful to the point of boredom.Their daily routine hadn't changed. Wake up, do chores, eat breakfast, work for four hours and assist Snape in whatever he may need help with after an hour long lesson from the Professor. Only this time, their awkward conversations and forced greetings gradually fell into ignoring and even avoiding one another whenever possible. Harry didn't mind, though. He read, he wrote and learned that mathematics wasn't as easy as the first few topics, all while crossing the dates off the makeshift calendar drafted on the inner cover of the book, waiting for Dumble-bore's arrival.And with every cross, Harry found that not everything was well with Snape.Because If there was anything to complain about, it was Snape and the fact that he was driving Harry to a point of insanity.Again.Gone was the man whose presence he enjoyed in the garden and tolerated in the laboratory. Snape had steadily grown from teasing to giving monotone lectures (which only made Harry sleepy) to not even hearing him.The smirks shifted into scowls when he thought Harry wasn't looking, or sneering at the sight of him when he knew Harry was looking, to nothing at all. Silence. Not a word spoken between them since the day after their argument, only small, vague sounds holding no emotion.Harry tried to convince himself that he was making things up, that Snape was just as bad as he remembered. But even the Patels, who had visited with the arrival of the new stock to help, looked concerned. Snape had refused to tell them anything. Even when Professor Patel had asked him very, very quietly if there was anything he needed help with, to which Snape answered something Harry couldn't hear from the door he was hiding behind.And all of this, of course, both confused and worried Harry. Because it wasn't just Snape's mood and tolerance of Harry that was in decline - it was his physical state as well. There was the fatigue; the tired, bloodshot eyes underlined by dark bags; the refusal of a bath while urging Harry to be clean; the trouble of waking up in the morning, needing Harry to knock on his door a few times.Harry would have dared to say even his greasy hair was suffering, but of coure he never told it to his face, lest he murder Harry impulsively. This was yet another alarming change, being impulsive. And Harry was growing afraid.Afraid that, among many things that Snape was forgetting these days, he'd forget his promise.The early, early morning of the twelfth of August made everything worse.Another nightmare had woken Harry. Sweaty and trembling, Harry took gulps of air, trying to steady his hands and body enough to stand up and open the window. Once that was done, and Harry's skin was tingling with the cold blowing through the window, he closed it and turned to the door for a drink in the kitchen, arm stinging with the scratching of his nails.On his toes, he was just about to reach the pitcher when he smelled it - the burning, foggy smell of smoke. And not just any smoke.Tobacco.Harry's head immediately whirled to Snape's door. His heart drummed. His already dry throat burned.It didn't stop him from approaching Snape's door, still afraid, ears still ringing.His hand met with the wall beside the door, and creeping up, he pushed himself flat to its surface and stood very, very still.There was no doubt about it. Snape was smoking. Odd. Harry didn't remember Snape smoking throughout his visit, and found it peculiar for him to choose this hour to do so. He was ready to go back to the pitcher, dismissing the matter entirely, when he heard something.A sob.A sob, which didn't stop. A sob which grew. And a sob which finally shifted into crying, wheezing and ugly sniffing. Wails, whimpers. Harry slammed a hand over his mouth in both surprise and fear of Snape hearing him, whose laments were muffled behind something, perhaps a pillow.Harry felt like an intruder, a witness to his shed tears, an invader and violator of Snape's privacy, the only privacy he had with Harry around. And he did urge himself to move. To leave. Leave for the comfort of his room and forget the night had ever happened.He stayed, all the same, one hand on the door. And only when both the smell of tobacco and Professor Snape's crying had ceased did Harry go back to his room.That night, he didn't sleep much.He didn't dare.At the chime of the clock, Harry threw back the covers and dressed hurriedly. The room was tidied in a few short moments, with a cold, gentle breeze lifting the curtains. Harry shrugged on a jacket against the chill and made a short trip to the water closet ( after which he washed his hands with freezing water).Once the potatoes and onions, which were very close to being harvested, were watered along with the ones in the pot, Harry rolled up his sleeves and cuffs and started pulling along the soil for any weeds. There were hardly any left, however, seeing as he had been working in the garden for the past week and moved onto the next chore. He had already washed the panes, and the water closet didn't require anything more, either. Very soon, Harry was back inside with a pleased smile, his hands freezing once again from washing them in the cold.He was swift in his sweeping as well, and at the end of a few short hours, he had a small meal of potatoes laid out on the table.The clock showed the exact time the two shared breakfast.Stifling a yawn, Harry studied his work with a small, beaming smile. For once, glad for the hours spent in… her kitchen, Harry turned to the shut door of Professor Snape.Harry had expected the man to wake up during his cooking. He hadn't made much noise, but Professor Snape had sensitive hearing and vision to accompany his stealthy walk. Nonetheless, glad for the lack of disturbances, Harry walked towards the door, pressed a hand to it and took a deep breath, and knocked.No answer.Once, twice. Again,not even a sound. Growing worried, Harry cleared his throat and this time tried his voice."Professor Snape?" he called, knocking once again, "Sir, it's time to wake up, sir."Dead quiet."Professor Snape, please wake up, sir. It's past six o'clock."He was ready to open the door in fear for the silent man when he finally did hear something. A groan, the lazy ruffling of bedsheets, and finally the shuffling slap of naked, approaching feet. Harry held his breath as a lock was turned and Snape yanked the door open.He looked worse than Harry remembered.Dark shadows under his eyes, skin paler than snow, sallow coloured cheeks.Harry only barely stopped himself from gaping."What is it, Potter?" he spat, or tried to, anyway. His usually silky voice came out in a gruffy slur, and his narrow eyes followed Harry's fingers towards the clock."It's past six, sir. And I-I have breakfast ready.""It is my duty to make breakfast.""I know, sir. I woke up early, today, saw that you weren't up, and decided to make breakfast when you wouldn't answer my earlier calls."Professor Snape's eyes fell on the table, and then back at Harry. The lines around his eyes eased, and the robes hugging his tense body fell easily down his bony shoulders."I didn't answer you earlier summons?"Harry stared at the space between Professor Snape's eyes and shook his head, "No, sir. You did not."With a hum, Professor Snape slid past him. Grabbing a plate, he returned back to the door. Before closing it, however, he pointed a finger at Harry, "Continue on your schedule. No customers are to collect their orders until I come down. Leave the washing up to me."The door slammed in his face, rattling the walls, and Harry blinked.The breath he was holding came out as a mixture of nerves and relief. Collecting himself from where he had slipped down to the floor, he ate his breakfast quickly and immediately after made his way to the laboratory.Professor Snape joined him downstairs just as Harry turned the page to a new chapter in Alice in Wonderland.He didn't look much better. The black circles under his eyes weren't gone, and his thin frame looked skeletal under his loose clothing. Harry pulled his gaze away from the man when Professor Snape looked his way."No house visit today, sir?" Harry asked, still not lifting his head."No," And with a swift turn, Professor Snape was back to work - sleeves down, back bent.A slow rumble echoed above them. Though far in distance, it was still very worrying. Harry looked up for Snape's reaction from the other side of the table.He hadn't even looked up.There wasn't much light today. Only a grey filter passed above the sun, clouds thick in the sky. Harry shivered, wishing for the jacket he left upstairs. Twirling the pencil between his fingers, he considered whether asking permission was worth interrupting Professor Snape.The answer was a clear no, when Professor Snape started tipping a very thin jar over the scale, eyes narrowed in concentration. So Harry, without scraping the chair on the floor, So Harry, without scraping the chair on the floor, tip-toed around the table so as not to disturb Professor SnapeThere were no customers when Harry walked out into the shop, and only a few people on the street. Harry walked behind the counter, going upstairs to the parlor, only to see with concerned confusion that Professor Snape hadn't washed up after all.A look at the door behind him told him Professor Snape wasn't intending to finish the job, either. With a shrug, Harry noted where his jacket was stranded behind his chair and cleared the morning dishes, propping them in the shelves after a wash.Back downstairs, Professor Snape didn't acknowledge him. His hands smoothly moved from jar to tool to herb, bringing them together in fluid movements, all while ignoring Harry.Harry followed suit not long after, immersed in his books and slowly declining stock of chalk, but still was the only one to hear the chime of the bell from above the laboratory. Looking at Professor Snape and finding him too immersed in his chopping of herbs, Harry closed his book.Professor Snape didn't seem to notice the constant looks Harry was giving over his shoulder as he climbed the stairs towards the shop."Ah!" a man said as Harry appeared behind from the door, putting a hand into his very large bag, "And I was worried no one was in the shop.""Can I help you, sir?" Harry asked cautiously, eyeing the scruffy man's clothes, which were made to resemble a formal uniform. The man held up a finger, scratching his beard and rummaging through the bag again before pulling something out with an air of triumph.He walked up to Harry, placing the letter on the counter, "Here ya are, Mr Snape.""Oh, uh, I'm not-""No payment needed," the man said, holding up a hand and shouldering his bag, "You have a good day, lad. Or as good as today's gonna get."And with that, the bell rang behind the man as he left, leaving behind a white envelope on the counter with very fancy handwriting.Harry lifted the envelope, and with a final look at the darkening street, made his way downstairs.Professor Snape still didn't acknowledge him. So Harry dropped the letter on top of the piles of papers, throwing a final look at the envelope and reading part of the address, 'Malfoy Manor' before going past to sit on his chair.It was when Harry closed his book that Professor Snape stopped working of his own accord, and not because Harry ushered him upstairs to tend to the customers he wasn't able to. Harry stretched his arms above his head, his back arching on the chair, stifling a yawn. Snape looked up from the jar he had lidded, the glass scraping on the wood as it was dismissed to the side."Oh, sir," Harry stood, holding up a hand when Snape turned to walk towards the stairs, "You received a letter."Professor Snape halted on his tracks, a hand disappointedly slipping down the rails, "From whom?" he asked, quiet and firm, not turning around."I don't know. But it writes… Ma-Malfoy? Is that how you pronounce it?"Harry looked up from the letter when there came no response, and stepped back at the look on Professor Snape's face. How anyone already pale beyond health could lose their remaining colour, Harry didn't know, but the professor was proving it could be done. He clumsily tore into the letter, eyes skimming the lines furiously.Harry thought the man would faint, and prepared himself to catch him should it prove necessary. It wasn't. His thin fingers curled around the edge of the table, pulling the skin above his knuckles taut. Harry couldn't see Professor Snape's face behind his curtain of black hair, but he did notice the small tremors of his arms, and took that as the signal to fetch the Professor a glass of water.The rumbling of thunder followed him up the stairs, and the rain joined in, gently rolling down the glass panes when Harry returned downstairs.Thankfully, Professor Snape was sitting down, head on the back of the chair and eyes lost in the rain. Timidly, Harry placed the cup in front of Professor Snape, silently praying death didn't come to collect the soul of the Professor.It didn't. Professor Snape pushed himself up from his sprawled form, gripped the glass and downed it in a few gulps.Lightning flashed above; the rolling thunder a reminder of more rain to come.Harry rubbed his fingers together, looking up and through the panes to the grey sky, "Sir, are you alright?"Professor Snape gripped the glass tighter in his hand, "I will be alright," he said in a voice entirely unconvincing, webbed with lies that even Harry could see."Would you like some tea?"Professor Snape lifted tired eyes lined with signs of age and lack of sleep. Harry offered a smile, nudging the leg of the chair with his foot, "I won't burn down your kitchen.""It's not my-" Professor Snape shut his lips, taking uneven breaths, " Some tea would be… appreciated."Harry nodded, once again climbing up the metal stairs, this time with straining legs.It took him two trips to get the kettle and cups downstairs, so he was pleased to see that Professor Snape (who looked to have regained some colour) had placed the kettle over the fireplace to boil when he returned from the second trip.Soon enough, there were two cups of hot, steaming tea on the table. Harry cupped his using the sleeves of his shirt, arms and chin resting on the table while he blew into the cup and tipped it to take a sip."I've never had tea before," he said, watching the steam rise from the light coloured tea, a sweet aftertaste lingering on his tongue, "Well, I did once, but I don't think it counts."Professor Snape placed his own cup down, arms crossed over the table, more relaxed then Harry had seen in days. He didn't answer, which sat well with Harry, as he didn't feel up to explaining the exact circumstances to Professor Snape.But he still wanted to talk, for some reason he didn't understand - wanted to share, and see what Professor Snape had to say about the event.But he took another sip, and slumped lazily on the table, smiling into his arm at the sound of the rain, the heat settling on his skin, "What kind of tea is this?"Chamomile, I believe," Professor Snape said, turning the cup in his hands, "Mr Weasley brought it as a gift from Egypt.""Mr Weasley? When?""While you were engaged with the younger Mr Weasley," he said, tilting his cup back for a sip.Harry frowned, "I didn't notice.""I don't believe that's an issue," he said, standing up and walking over to the fireplace, pouring himself another. Harry struggled to keep his eyes open, the sound of pouring water mingled with those of rain and thunder, gently coaxing them closed. Stifling a yawn, he huddled his head closer in his arms, the heat behind him a warm blanket over his shoulders."Is the letter from Dumble-roar?" said Harry sleepily, stifling a yawn, "Is he… coming then?""Headmaster Dumbledore," said Professor Snape from somewhere above him with a fırm voice. Harry felt a presence around him, and then fingers prying the cup from his hands."Yeah…" Harry mumbled, his eyes finally closing, his world muffled behind the sleep that was calling for him, "Dumble-bore…"And then, there came silence.Harry was at Patel's house early the next day, his limbs still sore from having slept bent over the table.Harry scratched out the 13th number on the inside cover of his book, swinging his legs mindlessly as he worked through multiplication problems. Both Patel's were somewhere in the house, excusing their absence by saying they had to pack for a small trip, and that they would join him very soon.Harry didn't mind, and happily drank his milk and ate his cookies (not cinnamon), almost finishing the plate by the time he closed his book. Picking up a cookie, he stuffed the whole thing in his mouth, chewing as he walked out the kitchen and into the living room.After a long fifteen minutes, Professor Patel finally came back, rubbing her hands down her skirt, "I'm sorry, Harry. I said I had nothing to do, but I didn't know you'd be coming in the morning."Harry straightened up, "It's fine, Professor."She smiled, taking a seat and sighing tiredly before straightening up, "So, did anything happen this week?"Harry thought for a moment, then shook his head, "Nothing very… important.""Anything you'd like to share?"Harry then remembered the tea he drank with Professor Snape, and the memory he wanted to share at that moment. Taking a deep breath, Harry searched for any sign on Professor Patel's face that showed she didn't want to hear anything he had to say. He didn't see anything, only a small smile.Harry took another breath."We drank tea yesterday afternoon," he said shyly, looking down, the words raising the beat of his heart."Oh, very nice. What did you drink?""I don't remember the name, something starting with a 'k' sound. But it reminded me of something that happened. Can I-" he brushed his bangs down, "-Would you like to hear it?"She nodded, joining her hands on her lap, and Harry thought the smile on her lips was met with some relief, "Please."Harry nodded along with her, rubbing his hands together, "The first time I drank tea, I… I stole some from my aunt, after she and her friend drank some and I was taking it to the kitchen. I liked it."She nodded, "I myself don't like tea, but I have a similar memory, of trying a sip from my mother's cup," then, her eyes dropped to the ground, and her smile faltered before returning a little strained, a little forced, "I burnt my tongue.""Is that why you don't like it?""Turkish tea is very bitter, and I didn't give myself the opportunity to taste anything else. Very odd, considering my mother had ample flavors for me to drink from.""Oh," Harry said dryly, placing his hands down on the sofa and scratching the fabric, "I think you should try this one. It's very sweet."Her forced smile eased into something softer, brighter, and Harry could see some of her teeth through her parted lips, "I will ask Professor Snape for a sample."Silence.Unlike yesterday, there was no rain, but the sky was the murky grey Harry was accustomed to, and even enjoyed. Mud made it hard to walk, and rain would often have them sick, back when he was with Edwin. But now? Harry hoped (not prayed, because he couldn't see the stars, and he still believed it was the reason behind his unanswered prayer) that he would always have a warm house to watch the rain fall. And Harry couldn't help but let his gaze wander towards the window, eyes squinting to look past the blur of his vision. He did it again. The light, cold and dim, falling across his face."Harry, do you have trouble with your vision?"Harry left the window to look at Professor Patel, giving a shy nod in response, "Yes. When I look into far distances, everything gets blurry.""And up close?" she asked, looking up at the clock on the wall. Harry's response was a simple shrug."I don't think so.""Professor Snape said he would come back close to six…" Professor Patel mumbled to herself, rubbing her chin, her sentence left unfinished. Harry, though, had a small idea on where the sentence was going, and hoped he was right in what he was assuming when Professor Patel excused herself for a moment to speak with her brother.It took ten minutes, and when she came back, she was securing her scarf down with a pin, a small smile on her face, "Grab your coat."As her father used to buy glasses himself, in the recent years, Professor Patel knew of someone called an 'optician', which Harry had never heard of before, but learned that they sold glasses and spectacles. And that alone put a smile on his lips, one that not even the jacket buttoned up to his chin could hide. (It was cold, Professor Patel had argued, forcing him to button all of them while not wearing any coat herself.) Not even the ugly stares at the end of their almost hour-long walk would dampen his mood.They arrived outside a shop, one with a sign worn with time and with letters Harry couldn't read in the few seconds he had, but imagined one of them had to spell 'optician'.Then, they entered, Harry right behind Professor Patel, because he really didn't know what to expect from an 'optician'."Mr Fahr?" Professor Patel timidly called into the shop, a hand on Harry's shoulder steering him to the counter. Harry took that moment to look around the shop, which didn't resemble any other he had seen. There were no boxes like in Mr Ollivanders, no jars like at the apothecary, and no books lining the shelves - only a counter in a very small and very dust-free space, with a door beside it."You know, Professor," Harry said shyly, looking at the door as though a monster would spring out of it at any given minute, "I never said this on the road, but glasses must be expensive and I don't have-"Professor Patel squeezed his shoulder gently, yet firmly and opened her mouth to reply when the door opened.There came no monster. Instead, a tall, lean man with thick white hair and what looked to be a single round glass over his one eye walked into the room."Good afternoon," the man said in a gruff voice, unfamiliarly accented, his eyes falling on first Professor Patel, then Harry, "I wasn't expecting to see you so soon, Ms. But the eye runs in the family, I suppose.""Not yet, Mr Fahr," said Professor Patel, motioning Harry with her free hand, "I have brought you another customer.""Even younger, it seems," said Mr Fahr, unamused, adjusting the glass over his eye while he stared Harry down, making him look away, "Follow me."Mr Fahr led them both past the door he had entered, walkıing to a chair in the corner of the new room they had entered. Beside it, was a cabinet, brown in colour and angular in shape, holding rows of small circles, similar to the one Mr Fahr was wearing. The man gestured to the chair, and Professor Patel gave Harry a little nudge, retreating to a corner to watch.Mr Fahr worked without conversation. He asked what he could see and what he could not, how long he struggled with his vision, and finally pulled up a chart with letters and asked him to read after confirming he was literate.Harry didn't manage to read much, nothing, really, with the chart a blur of black shapes.That's when Mr Fahr moved to the 'lenses' on the cabinet. He tried many of them, sometimes worsening his vision, and sometimes making it better until it came to a particular lense on his right eye that made Harry gasp.The room lit up in colour and quality both."Ah," Mr Fahr said dryly, with a hint of pride, "Found him."He then closed Harry's right eye, repeating the process until the second gasp, which wasn't any softer than the previous. Mr Fahr took the lens away, scribbled some things down on his notebook and told Harry he could stand up. After measuring his head for frames, he sent them on their way, asking them to return in seven to ten days.It had happened so fast, Harry couldn't even comprehend when they had walked outside."Am I…" he said carefully, biting his lip, afraid that if he acknowledged it now, the spectacles wouldn't be his, "Was that all real?""You getting glasses? Of course," Professor Patel said, taking him by the shoulder once more, "I'm not cruel enough to lie to you about this.""But why? I mean, thank you, Professor. Thank you so much. But I just-" he felt his ears heat up, and flattened his hair down over them in case Professor Patel notices, "-I didn't make you feel…""Obligated?" Professor Patel suggested. Harry looked at her with a raised brow, and she continued, "Forced, you mean? No. If it makes you feel any better, it's the beginning of the Islamic holy months tomorrow, and we're encouraged to do good even more than usual during it.""How long is it?" Harry asked, instinctively holding the fabric on her arm when they had to cross a street, and tightening his hold when he noticed a woman glaring at them from under her hat."Three months," she answered on the other side and, until they reached the Patel household, Harry asked all sorts of questions on what these three months were, what they did and why.But when they reached the neighbourhood and walked up to the door, Professor Patel paused at the lock, and turned around, "Harry, will you do me a favour?""Oh, sure.""For now, don't say anything to Professor Snape, alright?""Why not?" Harry asked following her inside and down the hall (after taking off his shoes) and into the kitchen, where he greeted Mr Patel with a smile before he stopped in his step, smile falling, "Wait, will he get angry?""At you, no," she shook her head, rolling up her sleeves and reaching above the cabinets over the counter for plates, "At me? I'm afraid he might.""But you bought me glasses!" he exclaimed, almost dropping the plates Professor Patel had given him, "Everything was so bright when I put them on, even for a few seconds," he grinned, setting the plates down and coming back for the cutlery, "Thank you again, Professor Patel. You didn't have to do that.""Ahmed said he'd pay half the price, so I am not entirely to blame," Professor Patel said, running a hand down the side of Mr Ahmed's hair and face.Mr Patel dismissed her hand with a shake of his head, turning to face Harry instead with a grin, "It wasn't much, Harry, truly. Come now-" he pulled him gently by the arm to the counter, pointing at the pot, "-let me pass on my culinary knowledge to someone who can't poison me with it."That earned Mr Patel a sharp flick on the back of the head, which only caused him and Harry to erupt with laughter."What?""I don't know how else to explain it to you, Professor Snape," said Professor Patel, crossing her arms over her chest, a timid frown on her lips, "Tomorrow is Rajab- I mean, the start of the holy months. I can't turn down the invitation now, I've already declined far too many times."Professor Snape, who looked like he had already surrendered his soul, placed a hand on his forehead and pulled his hair back, looking between Harry and Professor Patel and back again."Can't you- Three months is hardly less time, Professor-""Tomorrow is the first day, Professor. We were invited for iftar- I mean, to break the fast and spend a few days," Professor Patel cut him off, perhaps a little sharply, and Harry looked at Professor Snape to see if that had gotten a reaction from him.It hadn't.For some reason, that made Harry very uneasy.Professor Patel's frown eased, and her hands dropped to grip the door, "I'm sorry, Professor Snape. Truly. But this is a very inconvenient time, and Harry cannot stay for a few days."Harry saw Professor Snape clench both hands into fists, before giving a small nod, "Have a good trip, Professor," he said very dryly, a hint of venom in his voice and turned around, storming down the street.Harry gave Professor Patel an apologetic smile and a small wave, rushing to catch up to Professor Snape.Harry thought he knew what to do when he caught Professor Snape in a foul mood, once they were back in the shop and the door was closed behind him loudly and sharply, rattling the glass.The lock snick-ed instantly, and Harry shrunk in on himself, watching Professor Snape pace the length of the room from the corner. Cheeks flushed, he spat words beyond Harry's comprehension.Ten minutes later, Professor Snape placed his hands on the counter, back hunched over the wood with small, unhidden tremors."Mr Potter.""Yes sir?" Harry asked, shoulders tense."You are not in possession of a bag, correct?"Harry swallowed thickly, "No, sir."Snape nodded, pushing away from the counter and joining his hands behind his back.Harry thought he was trying to keep calmHarry also thought he wasn't doing a good job."We will have to share then," Professor Snape said, and Harry blinked, taking some steps forward."I'm sorry sir?" Harry said, unsure, eyes narrowed as Professor Snape pulled open the door, rushing up the stairs, Harry finding it very hard to keep up with him, "Why would we need to share a bag?"Professor Snape didn't answer. Instead, he slammed his door shut right as Harry stepped closer, almost catching his fingers.He came out fifteen minutes later, the sudden opening of the door making Harry jump from his seat. He was about to ask Professor Snape what was going on, but couldn't stop him on his way to Harry's room, leaving him to helplessly watch Professor Snape open his bag of folded clothes and place them beside the clothes Harry had on the chair in the room."Put your clothes in here, Potter. Neatly," he said dismissively, walking past him in a whirl of cold air and headed towards the staircase, "I have more to pack."Harry didn't ask him what. Copying the methods Professor Snape had used, he packed the small amount of clothes he had into the bag, still confused as to why the Professor was insisting he pack now, as though they were going on a-Harry's hand froze on the shirt he was folding, the sleeve falling from his grip. He turned around, half-expecting the Professor to be standing in the door frame, a smirk on his face as he said, "Figured it out have you, Potter?"Professor Snape was going on a trip. To this Malfoy character, judging by the letter that arrived yesterday, and his plans of leaving Harry with Professor Patel were ruined because they were going on a little trip of their own. And even if Harry couldn't understand, as he closed the luggage bag with a thud, he knew that Professor Snape going pale for something like this wasn't to be taken lightly.He pulled the bag up, his back arching backwards under the weight. The parlor floor creaked threateningly as he dropped it to the floor, rubbing his back.Professor Snape arrived long after Harry was done, his head resting on the sofa, the room illuminated with candlelight. Without a word, Professor Snape slipped into the kitchen, wiping his hands on the towel hung by the chair. Harry could hear the cutting of bread, the chopping of vegetables, and something being stirred aggressively."The potatoes chose the best time to be ready," Professor Snape muttered darkly, walking past Harry towards the fireplace and hanging the pot, using the fire from the candle to set the logs alight."I'm not supposed to come, am I?" Harry asked into the darkness, playing with the loose threads of the sofa, "That's why you wanted to leave me with Professor Patel."Professor Snape scoffed, leaving the vegetables to cook and walking back to the kitchen where came the noises of a paper bag, water being poured and something being stirred before Professor Snape was back, holding a bowl in his hand along with a… brush."You have a brush?" Harry asked, sitting up straight."Among many things, apparently," Professor Snape answered, sitting very close to Harry, making him scoot back on the couch, "Lift up the hair over your scar.""Wait, what?"Professor Snape sighed, tilting the bowl to show him a dark, cream textured paste, "The colour is only temporary, but enough to help disguise the scar.""Why do I need to hide my scar?" Harry asked, a hand over his forehead, "I didn't need to do that before.""I've never had to look after a boy that fell through my chimney, either, but here we are.""Yes, well-" Harry's mind suddenly stuck on the chimney, and he had to turn to look at it, his eyes going wide, "Hang on. You said the flue was damaged!"Professor Snape lifted his fringe, far gentler than Harry expected, and warmer than he wanted, but the paste cool on his skin."You'll find the general population relies on routine lies," Professor Snape muttered, lifting the brush after a few strokes, "And mine was hardly any worse.""I still don't like it."Professor Snape smirked, placing the brush down inside the bowl, "I imagine you wouldn't."Before Harry could touch his forehead, Snape slapped his hand out of the way and used something to hold his hair back.Something which was a hair clip."That is not funny," Harry said in a low voice, running his fingers over the metal embroidery."You'll find I'm not joking, when I finish talking."And then he told him about Lucius Malfoy, how dangerous a man he was, and exactly why he shouldn't know Harry's real identity.Harry found it a lot more troubling falling asleep that night, even with a full stomach.Just a note, because I didn't know how else to allude it into the text: Rajab, Shaban and Ramadan are three Holy Months in which Muslims worship Allah more often than the rest of the year, specifically in Ramadan.There is a separate four months of the year, called the Haram Months, which include Rajab, and are also sacred, but for different reasons. I don't want to get in too much detail, but here is an extract of a passage:"But such was the honor and reverence of the Sacred House in Makkah, that all the Arab tribes unanimously accepted and regarded the three months of the Hajj, namely Dhul-Qaadah, Dhul-Hijjah, and Muharram and the month of Rajab dedicated for Umrah (a type of worship) as absolutely sacred wherein any type of war or aggression was absolutely prohibited and treated as a sacrilege."Again, sorry for any possible confusion. ^^'

I feel very to have had absinthe beta read this chapter. Thank you, absinthe. :)Apologies for the laet publishing date. The bean I use for a brain remembered to finish it on Wednesday :,). I hope Sundays work for yıu guys too.Enjoy!Harry had greatly underestimated what Professor Snape meant by early.Because sometime during the night, Harry was coaxed out of his sleep by a voice hissing his name close to his ear. He didn't acknowledge it, not at first, because this was one of those nights he hadn't been woken from a nightmare and he had every intention to enjoy it until morning.But Professor Snape had other plans."Potter," he snapped, tugging at Harry's sheets, "If you do not wake up this instant I-""You'll leave me here?" slurred Harry into his pillow, turning to face the other direction and hugging himself, because his blanket was very clearly gone, "Please do… Professor…"And that's how Harry found himself on the floor, water dripping down his face and the floorboard digging painfully into his side. All of this had happened in the few seconds he closed his eyes, with the offender standing over his gasping, a bowl in his hands."And they say children have trouble waking up in the morning," he drawled, ducking out of the way when Harry grabbed his pillow and launched it at his face, "I'm giving you only fifteen minutes to get ready and fix your bed."It was a painful ten minutes of getting ready, with clumsy flailing about in the dark for his socks and shoes. In the end, he carelessly slipped them on, leaning his head on the back on the bed frame.Too early, Harry decided, head fuzzy from the lack of sleep, mind seemingly dipping under warm waters. Too early.And not even Professor Snape, who found him half-slumped on the bed, would make him any less tired.Shivering from the second round of water, Harry dragged himself outside, wrapping his coat around his body.The harsh wind carried him past the wet soil, sending dust into his eyes and jabbing at the wet parts of his skin and hair.Harry had never found washing his hands such a painful job and hoped that he wouldn't have to do it again at the end of his trip to the loo.Professor Snape was already in the shop, dressed, with a lantern in his hand. Of course he was.Harry soon stood outside the shop with their shared bag in his hands, shivering from the cold.No moon, only the unsettling roll of thunder."Don't tell me we're going to walk," Harry demanded, the sleep slowly being pushed out of him.Professor Snape pulled the door shut, fumbling with the coat pocket for the keys. When he couldn't find them, he placed the lantern in his hands on the floor, the light casting a shadow past his legs.Harry heard the click of the lock."I'm in mind to make you walk," said Profesor Snape, with no sleep in his voice. From his right pocket, he took out a pocket watch Harry had never seen him use before and after a quick glance, put it right back, mumbling quietly to himself, "He should be here any minute."Harry didn't ask who 'he' was. Instead, he put the bag down beside the trunk Professor Snape had dragged out of the shop, and leaning on the shop window, Harry closed his eyes.The gradually approaching sound of a carriage made him open them at once."Who sends a carriage this early?" Harry groaned, kicking away from the shop and turning to where the sound was coming from."It's only past five," Professor Snape muttered, an emphasis on the only that Harry almost missed. But too sleepy to extinguish whether it was sarcasm or just Professor Snape being Professor Snape, Harry didn't bother with a response.The street, without the light of morning, was an endless dark corridor between the two lines of buildings. With no crowd, and only a single carriage echoing above the stone road, Harry felt a shiver run down his spine at the unnerving sight.The carriage came closer, a small lantern in the distance accompanied by the sharp wind. A near perfectly-timed flash of lightning spiderwebbed across the sky, illuminating a glimpse of sharp silhouettes.The carriage arrived when the thunder did."Mr Snape," said a gruff voice, half his face lit from the lantern hung near him."Professor," Harry heard Professor Snape correct with a sharp tongue behind him, followed by footsteps, "I have a trunk."The man jumped from the carriage, making a loud thud when he landed on the stone. Harry, who had no desire to anger a man a few sizes bigger than Professor Snape, stepped towards the carriage doors. In the dark, he heard the trunk being lifted and then dropped to the wood, jolting the carriage, and buckles fastening softly. Harry wouldn't have given it much thought, if the man had used some help from Professor Snape or at least made some noise when lifting the carriage. He didn't, and Harry slipped inside the now open doors with an impressed look on his face.Really not someone he wanted to trouble, then.Professor Snape climbed in afterwards, the door pushed closed after him, and the carriage gave a jolt as the driver took a seat."Alrigh'?" he asked, and without waiting for a reply, brought the reins down, earning a pained grunt from the horse.Harry, who had never ridden in a roofed carriage with actual seats, stood in the middle of the seat as much as possible, even if that meant sitting right next to Professor Snape."I suggest you sleep," Professor Snape said, extinguishing the lantern and putting it down with the rest of the luggage , "It's a long journey to Wiltshire.""How long?" Harry asked, pulling his knees unsurely to his chest and leaning on the corner of the seat, "Will we be there tomorrow night?"Professor Snape scoffed, somewhere in the dark, "One day, in the future, I hope."That was the last thing Harry heard before the shaking of the carriage lulled him to sleep.They hadn't arrived when Harry woke up later that morning, or that afternoon, and Professor Snape said that they wouldn't be arriving until the next day.That wouldn't have bothered Harry if he wasn't still required to get some work done in a carriage in a state of constant jolts and tremors, which was enough to distract him from work and bring him close to throwing up his breakfast of potatoes.That was enough for Professor Snape to excuse him from his books, but not from teaching Harry a few important things, like how his name was Ali Patel, a distant relative of Professor Patel's who had become Professor Snape's apprentice for the time being.Harry thought this lie was utter rubbish.Professor Snape asked him for any better ideas, and smirked at the look on Harry's face. He taught him many great things about his newly fabricated parentage, such as the reason he could only speak English, and where his parents were, both of which were partially similar to his current status.By sunset, when the sky had gone from grey to dark and threateningly windy, Harry had memorized all the lies he needed to tell, the words repeating themselves in his head when they entered the small town they were to stay in, both to rest and pass the worst of the rain.As luck would have it, of course he and Professor Snape had to share a room to cut costs."It's no Leaky Cauldron," Professor Snape said, pushing forwards with his back to Harry, key dangling from his fingers before their room.He didn't finish the sentence, he didn't need to either. Harry wouldn't respond either way, now more than ever, with Professor Snape at least putting some effort into communicating with him.Entering the room after him, Harry placed the lit lantern on the table beside the bed, almost grabbing it again when the table tilted forwards light momentarily silhouetted Harry's hands. Walking past him, Professor Snape dropped the luggage bag on the bed, stiffening when the bed let out a shrill sound.Then he continued, as though he was unbothered by the sound.Harry walked around the bed to the other side, stepping around the noisier floorboards, and frowning at the walls outlining the only window in the room. Two cracks, one on each side, crept from the ceiling and right beside the glass. Harry leaned forward, squinting at the darkness beyond the window.His hand touched the cracks, and Harry wasn't surprised when he felt a cold breeze blowing through the damp material."I hope the blankets are warm," Harry muttered, his words lost in the rain hammering on the window. With a final glance, he walked back to the bed, standing opposite of Professor Snape."Put this under your head," Professor Snape said without looking at him, throwing a towel like cloth at him, "I do not want to deal with lice."Harry didn't catch the cloth, which he only partially saw in the light and had to feel around the bed to find it. Straightening it out, Harry turned the pillow over with the least amount of contact, spreading the sheet over it. Professor Snape did the same after closing the bag and placing it beside the table.Then there was silence.Harry sat uncomfortably down on the bed, running a hand down his scar, or where his scar was. Harry hadn't had the chance to look into the mirror yet, but from the nod Professor Snape had given in the morning after parting his hair, he had to assume it wasn't visible.Professor Snape sighed, and Harry felt the bed dip on the other side."From tomorrow, until we go back, you are to listen to what I say word for word. I do not want you talking unless I give you permission to.""I don't think I need anymore scaring, Professor," Harry said tiredly, pulling his shoes and dropping them to the floor, "I'm pretty sure I'll be seeing Mr Malfoy in my dreams soon."Harry saw Professor Snape watching him in his peripheral, but he didn't return the gesture. Instead, he pulled the covers over him, still wearing his coat. The scratchy fabric brushed uncomfortably against his cheek, yet not hard enough to keep him from the sleep weighing him down.And with the blanket tucked under his chin, a shield against the draft, he said very quietly."Good night, sir."Harry heard Professor Snape sigh once more. The covers behind him peeled back, dipping further down, before there was hardly any sound at all.It still took Harry a while to fall asleep, fighting his own thoughts.A man Harry didn't recognize entered the shop, taller and bigger than any man he had ever seen. Harry had to arch his back to look at the man, and even then he couldn't make out the face that was hidden in the darkness of the ceiling. "May I help you?" he looked up from the jars on the counter. The tall man didn't respond at first. Harry didn't push him, taking a small step backwards in caution. But the man heard the sound, and suddenly Harry felt the warmth inside his chest being sucked from him like the lights in the shop, leaving him cold, afraid. Alone. Where was Snape?Harry threw himself to the ground when he felt a presence beside him, covering his head with both hands, his chest contracting uncomfortably. The presence suddenly returned, snaking around him, and Harry fought back a scream, stuffing a fist inside his mouth."Is this the boy?" said a foreign, hissing voice right beside his ear, the coiling feeling around him now wrapping around his throat, "Is this the boy?""Yes!" Uncle Vernon screamed behind the cupboard Harry suddenly found himself, head throbbing and unable to breath with the hold on his throat, "That's the boy! Filthy, arrogant, stupid! Always said his lot was savage, and needed to be taught to be civil! The boy is the pinnacle of proof!"Harry felt the tears silently fall down his burning cheeks, stinging the cut open bruise under his eye, and yet he made no sound. Mr Malfoy's hold - he knew it was Mr Malfoy, He just knew, wrapped tighter, and Harry felt his body going limp, barely able to mutter a single phrase against his screaming uncle, "No…"Filthy, arrogant, stupid. His Uncle's favorite choice of words. But now it was his aunt screaming them, adding a few of her favorite ones. "Arrogant! Selfish! Ignorant! You mistake of a boy!"The pain only got worse, when her voice was replaced with a familiar one. A softer one. A kinder one.One he never wanted to hear screaming at him. "Did you really think I would buy you glasses after you stole your Aunt's tea?" Professor Patel said, and Harry scratched at his arms because scratching the hand around his throat did no good."P...prof-"Then came an insane laugh, one Harry only heard from Professor Patel, filtering through his cupboard. The fear knotted in his stomach increased ten-fold, the pain coursing through his body like blood burning mercilessly under his skin. Harry shook his head, feeling the pressure on his throat cut into his skin, though not enough to kill him.Barely enough to keep him alive. Harry heard the smashing of glass, Professor Patel's insane laugh, and the shouts of his relatives while fists banged against the door. Harry felt hot. So very, very hot. He was dying, no longer struggling, the force that kept his arms up wilting like autumn leaves.The last straw was Aunt Petunia's perfume, going down his throat as he felt the world fall.Professor Snape's hand pulled him out of the darkness and into the shop. "Professor?" Harry said with a shaky smile, watching the emotionless man, "Thank you, Professor."Professor Snape's arms came up, and Harry felt a sense of hope that he was bringing them up for a hug. Harry smiled, accepting the firmness on his shoulders. And then he pushed, watching Harry with a vile smirk as he fell down the tunnel and into the open mouth of Mr Malfoy. Harry's eyes snapped open, but he did not move. Only after a few painful slashes down his arm did he realise he was shaking.There was no weight on the other side of the bed.He took a few gulping breaths, rolling his shirt and coat over his arm under the covers. Professor Snape wasn't here. Mr Malfoy-Harry stopped himself before he could think anything else, turning to face the other side.Professor Snape was there, alright, right beside him, smelling of tobacco and blending in with the dark.Harry immediately shrunk back."Sn- Sir," he said, wincing when his voice shook unsettlingly, raspy and heavy with emotion, "You scared me.""You were having a nightmare.""You were smoking," he bit back without much thought, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand, furrowing his brows when they came back wet, "We all need secrets to get us through the night.""Not much of a secret, when a person other than yourself knows," Professor Snape said, stepping back and stuffing something into his coat pocket. The venom of his voice was replaced with tired snide, not entirely angry but not void of offence either, "Would I be correct to assume…""Mr Malfoy?" Harry joined his hands under the covers, sniffing and feeling very embarrassed about it, "'Course, though not only him.""Ah."Harry wondered if Professor Snape knew what Harry meant, or if he was feigning. Either way, he pulled down the folded sleeves of clothes, shrugging the shirt off his sweaty skin. Professor Snape moved back as he did so. Harry watched him, the coat folded over his arm, curling his hands into fists to stop the shaking. A few minutes later, when his shaking had stopped and Professor Snape lit the lamp, Harry placed his coat at the foot of the bed, ready to go back to sleep.He stopped when Professor Snape started walking towards the door."Where are you going?" he dropped the covers, looking out the window. The rain had lessened. But it had yet to stop."I won't be gone long," he dismissively answered, unlocking the door and sliding the key from the slot, "Stay here."Harry scoffed as the door closed, rolling to his side harshly. As if he could go anywhere.The door closed, and Harry kept his eyes open until Professor Snape's feet disappeared down the hallway.Harry turned to the other side, still huddled around him. Behind him, the rain continued to fall in a comforting pace, no thunder, no lighting. Just water hitting the window. Harry wished he could be back in the shop, with this rain, warm beside the fireplace, holding a cup of something warm to drink.He sighed, closing his eyes and curling in on himself. To miss a place that wasn't his to call home…That reminded him of when Professor Snape warned him to not call the apothecary home. Harry thought that was rot, because he'd been staying there for well over twenty days, and had more freedom than he ever had at-He flung off the sheet, clumsily walking towards the window after putting on his shoes and planting both hands on the windowsill. Taking heavy, audible breaths he leaned forward, pressing his warm forehead against the cool of the glass.It wasn't instant relief, but Harry felt his anger gradually fall to a manageable level.Each time the glass warmed, he would move to a different spot, squeezing his eyes at the initial touch, but melting into the texture.And that's exactly how Professor Snape found him, hunched over the window sill with his forehead pressed against the pane.Harry pretended the fresh tobacco scent on Professor Snape's clothes didn't burn his throat."We're leaving, Patel," he said, sharp footsteps drawing Harry from position, "Jean agrees the rain will worsen, come morning.""You talked with him this late at night?" Harry asked, wondering how that meeting went, "He doesn't look like a... easy to approach man.""It might not look like it," Professor Snape said, stuffing a few things messily into the bag, "But it's already past five."Harry stopped mid-stride, thinking of the last time he caught Professor Snape in the act of smoking. The sun hadn't risen yet, but the first part of the night had gone by.Pulled from his thoughts by the sound of the luggage bag closing, he caught the coat hurled towards him at the last second, glaring at the man as he pulled it on, making a mental note to ask Professor Patel a few questions about Snape.That is, if he refused to answer. Harry had every reason to believe he would.Taking the lantern when it was handed to him, Harry followed Professor Snape out the door, getting a small glance into the room just as the door closed. Stifling a yawn, Harry shuffled after the Professor, taking small steps when he noticed he was the only one making a sound as they walked. That was another thing he wanted to ask Snape - Just how he managed to move without a sound, and appear when he least expected him to be there.The corridor opened into the main hall, and Snape dropped the key on the counter. The inn looked far less eerie than when they arrived, with only one source of light and no creepy innkeeper to frighten Harry with his one eye.Harry felt a hand slowly go around and land on his shoulder, gently urging him forward."Don't fall behind," Snape said without looking at him.Harry felt the spot where Snape was touching, well, he would compare the feeling to uncomfortable heat, the one that spread through your body and bore down on you until you took off a layer of clothing.But he didn't shrug the hand off, clamping down his protests by digging his nails into his palm.In the end, the rain did worsen, but not until two o' clock. Thankfully, clusters of buildings -good buildings, not run-down like some of the villages they passed through- started showing up just as it began to pour harder. Harry huddled back into the seat, still feeling shaken from the nightmare. He was refusing to think about it, burying his head into his arms when he felt a memory or thought resurface.It helped him to not remember, to keep the emotions behind a wall of his own construction. One thing it was bad at doing, though, was filtering the emotions he did feel, so that Harry increasingly felt nothing at all.Harry curled his fingers around his arm, well-aware of a pair of eyes on him. This flatness he felt... he was almost sure it was a build-up of the past week, where he had to do his best to keep himself as emotionless as possible, for both his and the Professor's sake.His arms suffered for it.But Harry liked how they left almost no trace - some discoloration, yes, but the trace that anything had touched his arm would disappear in a few minutes, sometimes more if he had taken special effort.I just didn't have enough time to do it, Harry thought, sneaking a glance over his arms to Snape. I'll feel better after I do it. Malfoy Manor should be big with plenty of places where Snape (or anyone) wouldn't catch him.Plenty of space to hide secrets.They arrived at five thirty, if Harry had seen correctly on Snape's pocket watch. He couldn't do the calculation in his head, so while the driver -wet to the bone and looking very miserable- got their bags, Harry counted on his fingers.The trip had taken almost 29 hours, if he calculated right.Snape tapped his shoulder to get his attention, and nodded to the door, "Don't fall, if you decide to run."Harry scooted towards the door, wincing at the rain. He put an arm in front of his eyes, and jumped, the rain obscuring the precious little he could see.Following the black blur in the distance, Harry took careful steps after he almost slipped on a rock, flailing his arms to just barely keep his balance.The rest of the trip was infuriatingly similar, with Harry leaning dangerously to one side, faltering in the wind until finally, it stopped.Snape was already under the awning, his curtain of hair sticking to his face and loose clothing hanging off him like heavy drapes.Harry would have laughed, if he too wasn't looking like an haphazard shape."If anything got wet..." Snape said flatly, eyes on the trunk and luggage bags. He didn't finish the rest of his words, because the large doors opened, revealing a very thin man dressed in a formal uniform."Mr Snape," he greeted, stepping aside and gesturing towards the house with a gloved hand, "Welcome.""Professor," Snape corrected bitterly, picking up his luggage, "Come along, Patel."Harry followed after, shrinking as the man's eyes followed him, his nose wrinkling . The driver, who was standing behind them, brought in the trunk and placed it beside the thin man.Harry didn't know whether to thank him or not, so he gave him a small wave, not waiting for his response and rushed to stand next to Snape. While they waited, Harry took a look around, shivering as he did so.They were standing in a large entrance hall with a corridor that led directly to a door. They hadn't seen much of the grounds, what with the rain and Harry's poor vision, but it couldn't be less grand than the inside. The manor, sumptuously decorated with magnificent carpet, held ornate and gilded furnishings.But oddly, he expressed no reaction.A few minutes of waiting, under close watch of the thin man, another well-dressed man, much younger than the one behind them, came forward with a towel, handing it to Snape."Another towel, sir?" he asked, looking at Snape.Snape said, "Yes," at the exact moment the thin man said, "No."All three of them turned to the thin man. Snape had paused drying his hair, and was watching the thin man with a calculating look."Is my apprentice to use my towel?" he asked mildly, voice skimming the point of anger.The man's eyes narrowed, "You didn't hear it from me, Professor."Harry blinked, looking between the two men who seemed to be having a staring competition. Harry conceded that Snape won, because he pushed the towel to Harry and instructed him to dry himself.The younger man with the upturned nose faced the thin man, "Another towel, then, Mr White?"White, after some cautious thinking, waved a dismissive hand.Harry still didn't understand what the exchange had been about, but he dried himself with the white towel, taking off his coat -the wettest of all his clothes- and draping the soft material around his shoulders.The younger man, who introduced himself as William Hall after his return, took the sodden coats from them and asked to be followed, leading them to the staircase.Harry made sure to take as small of steps as possible to not wet the floor, still feeling the hard glare from White on his back.At the end of the staircase, they turned right to a corridor lined with doors on each side with portraits. Harry found it amusing that each and every man in the portraits had blonde hair and a very similar, pointy look.Hall stopped in front of two doors separated by a portrait of a bulky man who wore a funny looking hat over his blonde hair. Opening both of them, he motioned for them to enter."Master Malfoy is waiting for you in the drawing room," he told Snape, giving a small bow before walking back the way they had come.Snape told Harry to follow him into the door on the right of the portrait, which was plainly decorated. The pallet was a mixture of green and grey, with a queen-sized bed and a bedside drawer. In the corner farthest from the bed was a small wardrobe, and pushed close to the window was an armchair and table.Harry walked around the carpet and towards Snape, who was looking through the bag he had placed on the bed. He handed Harry a pair of trousers, a shirt, and a pair of socks that weren't his."I don't want to wear your socks," Harry said, grimacing.Snape put it above the shirt and trousers with a raised brow, "My feet don't smell, Potter, nor are the socks dirty."Harry was intending to say he highly doubted that before closing his mouth, accepting the socks with a muttered thank you, still not intending to wear them.Until Snape called after him right as he walked out the door."I'm not healing your feet if they get infected, Patel."Entering his own room, which was very similar to Snape's but decorated with warmer colors, Harry closed the door. Quickly getting changed, he dried his wet feet and slid on Snape's pair of socks. Only problem? His shoes were wet too, and he had no way to dry those. So that was another trip to Snape's door, barefoot because he didn't want to dirty the socks. Snape, without a second thought, went back into the room and produced a pair of-"Slippers," he said, planting them into his hand and disappearing behind the door before Harry could ask where he had gotten them.Harry sighed, turning the 'slippers' in his hands. They resembled shoes in the sense that you wore them on your feet, but looked like they had been woven with grey wool above a thin layer of leather. Harry wouldn't have minded if they didn't look like they were meant for children or women.Regardless, he went back to his room, pulling up his cuffs and slipping on the socks before moving to put on the slippers. They were an almost perfect fit, which only proved they were meant for children younger than Harry.Harry got off the bed, picking up his wet clothes and hanging them above the chair. After a final glance through the window, he left the room.Professor Snape was outside, observing the portrait with a bored look on his face."Fascinating," he said without heart.Harry didn't think so, as the portrait looked rather dull, but what he really found interesting was how, without his coat or cloak Snape looked so unnatural. He had the impression that Snape often hid behind his layers, and seeing him with only grey trousers and a black shirt felt absolutely wrong.From outside, came the very sudden and loud sound of thunder.Harry jumped while Snape flinched, squaring his shoulders. The two shared a passing glance, straightening at the same time while averting their gazes. With a cough from Snape, that was their cue to go. All the way down the corridor and staircase, and along the length of the corridor that led to the door Harry had seen earlier.Hall was there, waiting for them and he straightened when he saw them approaching, turning to knock on the door.Harry hid behind Snape, suddenly feeling very scared and refusing to lift his face. That must have been fine with Snape, because he turned around, placed a hand on the back of his head and put a fınger over his lips.Harry took a sharp breath through his teeth.The door opened smoothly, pouring the light from the hallway into the room. Snape removed the hand, going first into what Harry guessed to be a drawing room. Uncle-He closed his eyes, squeezing his hands together.He wouldn't think about it. Not now.Opening his eyes, he was met with two people, both seated on a long sofa and dressed too well. A boy and an adult.The adult, who had to be Mr Malfoy, had a pale, pointed face, with pale blond hair and cold grey eyes. Harry didn't miss the snake-headed walking cane in his hand. The boy had to be his son, with white-blond hair and a pale, pointed face, very similar to the men in the portraits.Harry immediately knew he didn't like either of them."Ah, Severus," Mr Malfoy said, standing up from the sofa, "Good to finally-""Uncle Sev," cut the boy from behind his father, walking around his father and approaching Snape. Harry watched with wide eyes as the boy opened his arms, and flung it around Snape in a hug, his mouth dropping open when Snape's arms actually came around the boy in a nervous embrace"Yes, hello to you too, Draco," he muttered, patting his head nervously, glaring when Harry unsuccessfully masked his chuckle with a cough, "Pleased to finally arrive, Lucius."Mr Malfoy, who was looking less than pleased, took his narrow gaze and moved it to Harry, "And who is this, Severus?"As planned, Harry didn't speak, letting Snape fabricate the stories while he watched his slippers, trying to ignore the way both Malfoy's were staring at him. Finally, when Snape was done, Harry released a deep breath, lifting his eyes.Mr Malfoy was still watching him."Well," he said, putting up his chin and facing his son, "Draco, entertain our guest while Severus and I talk.""Yes, father," Draco said, moving from Snape's side and walking towards the door, "Come along, Patel."Harry's head whirled around, face scrunching up in worry. But Snape merely shook his head, gesturing the door with his eyes in a way that said, "Go, but remember what we talked about."Harry complied, going after Draco, still feeling uncomfortable even after he left the room.The door closed behind them, hiding the two adults from view.
