[I own nothing in the Harry Potter franchise. All such content belongs to J.K. Rowling.]This had to be a dream.Harry Potter couldn't believe that he was following some big magical-man down a bustling road in London. Then again, anything was better than being stuck with the Dursleys, so he kept on (literally) walking in the shadow of Rubeus Hagrid – until Hagrid stopped before a tiny, grubby-looking pub. One that went totally unnoticed by the rest of the world, it seemed."This is it," said Hagrid, coming to a halt. "The Leaky Cauldron. It's a famous place."Well, famous or not, Harry barely had time to take in the sights before he was steered inside by Hagrid. The place looked dark and shabby, although the same could not be said for the blonde woman sitting in the middle of the room, checking her two-inch nails. She was wearing a set of magenta robes, and her hair was set in an elaborate display of curls that could only be achieved by magic. Harry also noticed that many people were throwing the occasional, wary glance her way. Was she a troublemaker, perhaps?"Crikey, I knew tha' nutter wouldn' give up." Hagrid sighed while standing beside Harry. "She's bin livin' here over the pas' week or so, hopin' ter catch you on day one. 'Spose yeh might as well face yer fame when it happens. Jus' don' agree ter any interview."The entire room went silent upon seeing Hagrid. They waved at him as he made his way towards the bald barman – who smiled, reached for a glass, and asked Hagrid if he wanted 'the usual'."Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," Hagrid said, clapping Harry on the shoulder and causing Harry's knees to buckle. And that was when Tom caught sight of Harry, saw his lightning-bolt scar, and gasped."Good Lord, is this – can this be –?"You could probably hear a pin hit the floor at that moment, judging by the silence around the room."Bless my soul," said Tom, dropping his voice to a whisper that could still be heard across the room. "Harry Potter ... what an honour." Then he rounded the bar, rushed towards Harry, and – with tears in his eyes – seized Harry's hand. "Welcome back, Mr Potter, welcome back."Before Harry could even respond, he was greeted and lauded by numerous faces, one of which he recognised from before (and who proudly introduced himself as Dedalus Diggle). Then there was a nervous-looking young man who shook Harry's hand, and whose stutter was so bad that Harry wondered why he hadn't yet fixed it with magic. And to top it off, Hagrid introduced the man as being Professor Quirrell; a teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Were all Hogwarts teachers this nervous and twitchy? Harry crossed his fingers, in his pocket, and hoped not.Last but not least, the woman whom Hagrid had referred to as being a 'nutter' got up from her seat. She approached Harry with something like a strut in her step; and when she spoke, Harry got the fleeting impression that she was sizing him up."So, this is the Boy Who Lived. You're a bit smaller than I expected. Around four foot four, I'd say."OK, so she was sizing him up. What a meanie. And she even went as far as to kneel and place her hand on Harry's shoulder, as if speaking to a toddler."Hello, dear. Would you like some tea, biscuits, cake, or perhaps a peanut-butter-and-jam sandwich? There's a nice, cosy table in the corner where we can sit and chat. I'll even change the cushion to your favourite colour. Hmm, blue?""Green, and I'm not little," said Harry, trying his best to glare straight at the woman. But it only succeeded in making her tilt her head to the side and smile (she had three gold teeth) as if she were looking at a particularly cute infant. Hagrid, meanwhile, looked ready to intervene as he opened the back door of the bar."Oh, of course you're not, dear." The woman smiled even wider, which was starting to creep Harry out. "You're a big man with big fame, yes? The talk of the town today." Then she reached out and ruffled Harry's hair, causing him to take half a step back."Are you looking for an interview?"The woman blinked. "Straight to the point, then. I'm Rita Skeeter, reporter for the Daily Prophet. But I suppose you don't even know what that is, right?""It's a newspaper.""Excuse me," Hagrid said to Skeeter while standing at the door, "but we need ter get goin'. Got lots ter buy.""Oh, come now. Surely a bit of questions won't hurt?" There was an almost manic look of excitement on Skeeter's face as she continued to speak to Harry. "So, how does it feel to take your first steps back into our world? Feeling excited? Confident? Anxious? Nervous?" Her grin faded into a flat, stern expression. "Or confused as to why you were kept out of it in the first place, by Albus Dumbledore?""Now wait jus' a second there –""Isn't 'anxious' the same as 'nervous'?" Harry asked, and Skeeter both ignored Hagrid and tried her best to remain patient with Harry."Sort of, yes. Now tell me, young man, which house do you think you'll make at Hogwarts? There's Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Take your pick. Oh, and how do you feel about being led around by the gamekeeper instead of the Deputy Headmistress herself?""What?""All righ', that's enough bombardin' the poor lad with questions," said Hagrid, almost seizing Harry by the shoulder and steering him away. "Harry's go' nothin' ter say ter you unless it's a good, clean question.""At the very least, how about giving Miss Skeeter a photograph, Harry?" And that was when Skeeter snapped her fingers, causing some paunchy man (whom Harry had barely noticed standing in the corner) to step forward. He was carrying a large black camera, and took up position in the middle of the room, facing Harry and Skeeter. "This is Bozo, my photographer."Bozo gave a sort of casual salute to Harry."Better make this quick, then," said Hagrid, checking his watch. "Professor Dumbledore wouldn' wan' Harry drownin' in his fame.""He sure is drowning in those clothes, though," Skeeter said while writing something in her notepad. "Are those Muggles you're living with rich or poor, Harry? Neither answer seems particularly comforting.""You've go' ten seconds ter take tha' photograph ..."At that, Skeeter knelt down beside Harry, opened his fringe nice and wide (so as to show his scar), and wrapped her arm around his shoulders. Then she steered him about a metre to the right and told him to smile as the camera flashed, and emitted a puff of smoke."Ah, such a lovely picture with the entrance to Diagon Alley behind us," Skeeter said, and when Hagrid began leading Harry away, Skeeter smiled at the latter. "Bye, Harry! I look forward to hearing about your first crush, and more, someday!""What did she mean by 'and more'?" Harry asked Hagrid, once they were in the small, walled courtyard behind the bar. Skeeter sure seemed like one heck of a nosy woman.Hagrid was standing at the dustbin facing the brick wall, too busy counting three bricks up and two across to respond. Then he tapped his umbrella three times on the wall, and watched as it opened to reveal a large archway. "I'm, er, really no' the bes' person ter be askin' abou' such things. Anyway, forget abou' tha' troublemaker, and say hello ter Diagon Alley."There, past the archway, was a cobbled street which twisted and turned out of sight – with the nearest shop stocking a wide variety of ... cauldrons?"Hagrid, are those really –""Cauldrons, yeah. Whadda yeh think we use 'em fer?"That was a good question, so Harry rubbed his chin, in thought, while looking at the cauldron-shaped sign hanging over a stack of cauldrons outside the shop. "Maybe to make food or soup or" – Harry shrugged – "magical drinks?"Hagrid chuckled. "Potions, Harry, although yeh're no' entirely wrong with tha' third one. Just don' say summat like tha' in front o' Professor Snape, the Potions master at Hogwarts."There were far too many shops for Harry to even count around here, including (but not limited to) an owl emporium, an apothecary, a 'Quidditch' shop, a stationery shop, a place selling 'robes for all occasions', a grocery store, a bookshop, a towering snowy-white building, and – most importantly – an ice-cream parlour."Hagrid," Harry said as they passed the ice-cream shop, and approached the towering white building, "can we get some ice-cream?""Gotta take care of some Hogwarts business first, not ter mention gettin' you some money. Ah, here we are, Gringotts."But Harry wasn't entirely interested in a simple bank at the moment. Sure, the place had a fancy poem engraved on its inner doors ("... yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said Hagrid), and a vast marble hall inside, but Harry's thoughts were consumed by the ice-cream parlour outside."Morning," Hagrid said to a free goblin, while walking up to the long counter. "We've come ter take some money outta Mr Harry Potter's safe ..."Minutes later, Harry and Hagrid were past the security-check stage and were walking to one of the doors leading off the hall. Some random goblin (whose name Harry couldn't care to remember) then took them down a steep, narrow stone staircase lit by flaming torches – and then he whistled to summon a small cart up the tracks. Was this a bank or an underground theme park? The goblins sure got some of their choice strange, though, but Harry just sat back and enjoyed the ride. The cart seemed to be steering itself through a maze of tracks until, finally, stopping at vault six hundred and eighty-seven.Harry's vault."All yours," said Hagrid, standing beside the open-mouthed Harry once Grippook (that was his name, right?) had unlocked the door. There was a billowing of green smoke which cleared to reveal countless columns of bronze, silver, and golden coins.Harry's money."The little bronze ones are Knuts, remember?" said Hagrid, pointing out the coins. "Twenty-nine of 'em makes a silver Sickle, which needs seventeen ter make a gold Galleon."All Harry could do was nod, and then he turned to face the goblin beside him. "Mr Grippook –""'Griphook'," the goblin said, seemingly unfazed by the mispronunciation. Harry had a fleeting suspicion that goblins generally disliked wizards no matter what."Mr Griphook, how much money is in my vault?"Harry had no idea what the goblin was doing at the vault's entrance, but after a few seconds of silence and slow hand-gestures, Griphook responded with "Nineteen thousand, five hundred and fifty-seven Galleons, fifteen Sickles, and twenty-one Knuts in total – due largely in part to the success of Sleekeazy's Hair Potion.""Yer dad's dad invented that," Hagrid told Harry, who turned to look at Griphook standing beside him."Wow, really? Where can I find him?""In the ground." Griphook then walked towards Hagrid. "Shall we move on to more pressing matters?""Lemme take enough for a couple o' terms first," said Hagrid. Then, once he'd finished withdrawing whatever he felt was enough from Harry's vault, he requested that Griphook head for vault seven hundred and thirteen next. "Can we go a bit slower? Think I'm gonna be sick. Might need a magical drink or two.""One speed only," said Griphook.When would this bank-trip ever end? All Harry could think of was running into that Fortescue place and getting himself some ice-cream. Did wizards make extra-special desserts? The kind that Dudley would never ever get his porky hands on?"Stand back," said Griphook, once the cart had stopped at vault seven hundred and thirteen, which had no keyhole. "Only a Gringotts goblin is permitted to touch these doors. Anyone else would be sucked in and trapped, and we only check for thieves about" – he grinned in a nasty, tooth-baring manner – "once every ten years. And don't even bother with Disapparition.""With what?" Harry asked, scratching his chin while looking at Hagrid – who smiled."Yeh're gonna enjoy tha' kinda magic someday, Harry, once yeh get the hang of it." Then he sighed. "Disappearin' an' reappearin' almost anywhere you want. Wish I could do it. Wish I was allowed ter try an' do it."So it was like teleportation, then? But of course magical people would try something like that – wait, what was Hagrid even collecting in this vault? Harry ceased his daydreaming and tried to get a better look inside the vault, once Griphook had opened it. But instead of seeing his dizziest daydream's worth of treasure, all Harry saw was some grubby-looking package wrapped in brown paper."What's that, Hagrid?""Blimey, you ask more questions than even yeh mum did when Professor McGonagall brought her ter Diagon Alley, and that's saying summat," Hagrid said while tucking the mysterious package deep within his coat. "Righ', time ter ride tha' infernal cart again. No talking ter me, OK?"After riding the cart and crossing the vast marble hall, Harry and Hagrid were once again standing in the bright, morning sun. There were far more stores than Harry could count at the moment, so he didn't know where to run first now that he had a bag full of shiny, clinky gold."Might as well get yer uniform," said Hagrid, nodding towards Madam Malkin's store. "Listen, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a" – he smiled – "'potion' in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them Gringotts carts; makes me sick ter me stomach."As much as Harry wanted to put himself in a set of wizarding robes, he'd much rather put something in his stomach first. Something sweet and cold, thank you very much. "OK, but I want some ice-cream first.""No problem. Professor Dumbledore said yeh're free ter wander around the main street." And that was when a sudden, stern look came across Hagrid's face. "So that means no headin' off too far, especially not inter Knockturn Alley, you hear?""OK, sure.""And be sure ter close tha' fringe o' yours, too," Hagrid said while walking away. "Unless yeh wanna be swarmed by loads o' admirers."But why would Harry even consider wandering off to random places when there were ice-creams that needed to be eaten? Sure, he couldn't wait to get his hands on a wand and do some magic, but it was essential to prioritise, and Harry therefore rushed towards Florean Fortescue's Ice-Cream Parlour.The parlour had a black-and-white chequered floor, a creamish theme, a long display-counter running along the right side of the room (when looking from the entrance), and various tables scattered across the left – as well as outside. There were so many treats for sale that Harry stood frozen while browsing the parchment in his hands. In fact, he stared for so long that Fortescue served almost a dozen customers before Harry finally made up his mind."Two large, chocolate ones," Harry said while thinking about Dudley and Piers Polkiss enjoying their ice-creams back at the zoo. "And the best lemon ice-lolly you've got.""That'll be four Sickles and twenty Knuts," Fortescue said behind the counter, and Harry smiled.Finally, he'd be able to have not only a better, more expensive, wizard-made version of Dudley's and Polkiss's treats but also a better, more expensive, wizard-made version of that cheap lolly which the Dursleys had bought Harry back at the zoo. Revenge sure was sweet, and Harry so wished that Dudley could be here, watching Harry savour that which the wizarding world – Harry's world – had to offer. The blond pig would probably be drooling onto his shoes while gawking.Speaking of blond, Harry had just about finished his first ice-cream (while sitting outside) when he saw a rather snobbish-looking boy exit the robes store, opposite the ice-cream parlour. The boy had sleek, blond hair; an annoyingly arrogant, nose-in-the-air kind of look, and was carrying a bag of robes while walking towards the neighbouring bookstore. Then he stopped and stared as Hagrid came up the street, towards Harry."Ah, tha' hit the spot! Got yer robes yet?""Not yet," said Harry, looking towards the boy standing across the street. "There's a blond boy staring at you like he's in a zoo.""Huh? Oh, tha' explains why," Hagrid said under his breath, as a taller version of the boy exited the shop, with a bulging bag of books in hand. "That there's Lucius Malfoy, school governor, which means the other one's obviously his son. We'd best get a move on before they make fun of yeh, Harry.""Why?"Harry's question made Hagrid stroke his beard, in thought. "Well, let's just say tha' those are the sorta people who believe in 'blood purity' above everythin' else. If yeh're not 'pure' from a rich magical family, yeh're no' gettin' their respect.""But both of my parents were magical people, weren't they?" Harry asked as he stood up from his seat. "I'm pure.""'Course yeh are, just no' in the way tha' they would want."So they carried on with Harry's first proper shopping trip of his life, by heading straight across the street to Madam Malkin's. Here, Harry got his uniform sorted, and then he exited the store just as the two Malfoys were joined by a tall, slim, blonde woman – likely the boy's mother."... none of yeh business why I'm taking this boy around Diagon Alley," Hagrid told Mr Malfoy, who had the same, arrogant expression as his wife and son standing on the pavement, beside him. And Harry could tell that the Malfoys weren't keen on making a scene in front of dozens of passers-by. "If yeh've go' summat ter say, take it up with Professor Dumbledore, Malfoy."Mr Malfoy spoke in a cold, stern manner. "I'm sure the rest of the governors would be interested to know that Dumbledore's methods are growing stranger by the day. One would expect the" – he wrinkled his nose a bit – "'newcomers' to be led around by someone from the Ministry or, at the very least, the Deputy Headmistress.""Enjoy yer day," said Hagrid, to which the Malfoys simply walked past him and Harry.The Malfoy-boy, however, barged into Harry (with his shoulder) and muttered "See you at Hogwarts, Mudblood" before heading down the road, with his parents taking the lead."What's up?" Hagrid asked Harry, once the coast was clear. "Take my advice, and jus' pretend yeh never saw those sacks o' dragon dung. No, wait, tha's an insult ter dragons, that."When Harry told of the Malfoy-boy's barging comment, Hagrid went red in the face, cracked his knuckles, and then – suddenly – smiled in a cold, vindictive manner. "He said tha' ter yeh? Well, they're gonna feel like a real bunch o' fools – which they are – once Skeeter puts yeh face on the front page o' the newspaper. 'Course, I'm surprised tha' Lucius and Narcissa didn't see the big resemblance of yer dad in you, seeing as he was at school with 'em for a bit.""What does 'Mudblood' mean anyway?"They were walking towards the front of Flourish and Blotts when Hagrid stopped. "Never ever say tha' word, Harry. It's probably the worst thin' yeh can call a Muggle-born, which you obviously aren't."So they entered the bookstore, where Harry ended up buying everything he needed for the year – although Hagrid stopped him from getting anything else. Hagrid explained that Harry wouldn't be able to handle the advanced stuff yet, as well as the fact that underage magic was generally illegal outside of Hogwarts."Don' overwhelm yerself over the next month," Hagrid said as they exited the store. "I know yeh're excited an' all, but it takes more than jus' readin' a book or two ter get good with magic. Read in moderation at the Dursleys. Tha's my advice."They visited the cauldron shop next, followed by the apothecary (which smelled like a blocked public-toilet), then the owl emporium (where Harry got a beautiful, snowy white owl as his birthday present), and then, finally, the moment which every single eleven-year-old would be looking forward to: the wand shop. And it was here in this narrow and shabby store, whose owner had the most unsettling pair of silvery eyes, where Harry was about to get his first hands-on taste of magic.He couldn't wait.

"Let's see," Mr Ollivander said while flitting around the shelves, having finished his measurements on Harry. "Beechwood and dragon heartstring. Nice and flexible. Nine inches. Just give it a wave, Mr Potter."Nothing happened after Harry waved his first wand, after which he failed to produce anything of note with three subsequent ones. On and on it went (Mr Ollivander took Harry's owl to the back of the shop, just in case of a sudden noise), with the list of used wands piling up on the pillow atop the counter. And after his seventh failed-attempt, Harry chose to take a break beside Hagrid in the corner. Perhaps he needed a rest from having overexerted himself somehow?"Yeh can't get tired from trying out wands or doin' magic. Jus' keep tryin' and yeh'll find the righ' one soon enough," Hagrid said, clapping a hand on the sighing Harry's shoulder. "Mr Ollivander's never failed ter match a wizard with their wand.""Whenever you're ready, Mr –" The door opened, and Mr Ollivander turned to look at his latest customer. It was a girl around Harry's height and age, and she had green eyes, a bob hairstyle, as well as a slightly upturned nose. "Good afternoon.""Hello. Did a boy named Draco Malfoy come here yet? He's my friend.""Nearly two hours ago, yes," said Mr Ollivander, and then he saw three more people arrive: a tall, stern-looking woman – whose black hair was tied in a bun, a blonde girl around Harry's age (probably), as well as a slightly taller, long-haired, blue-eyed version of the bob-haired girl."Ah, Holly Parkinson," Mr Ollivander said to the adult woman. "Willow and dragon heartstring, yes? A real headache for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement back in the day."The woman named Holly gently moved the two girls to stand in front of her. "Two purchases for today, Mr Ollivander. One for my daughter, Pansy –""Mom, we missed the Malfoys," said Pansy, and Harry could swear that he saw her mother give a slight smile, as if she was hoping for that outcome."– and the other's for" – Mrs Parkinson gestured towards the little blonde girl (who looked a lot kinder than Pansy) – "Daphne Greengrass over here. She's the daughter of my cousin Garrett.""Hi," said Daphne, with a slight wave to Mr Ollivander. "Can I go first?""No, I'm going first," said Pansy, frowning, "'cos you already got a bicycle before me." Then she nudged her way past Daphne to the counter. "Mr Ollivander, I'm older than her by two months and nine days.""That doesn't count," said Daphne, but Mr Ollivander decided to let Pansy go first.Harry would be lying if he said he wasn't jealous while watching, from the corner, as Pansy Parkinson got measured and tried merely four wands until finding her match: ten inches of ebony containing a dragon-heartstring core, as well as being 'swishy' – whatever that meant. And as for Daphne Greengrass, she tried out six different wands before finding her match: twelve inches of walnut containing a dragon-heartstring core, as well as being whippy."Ha, ha, you're 'whippy'," said Pansy, and Daphne snorted."Better than being 'swishy', whatever that means."At that moment, Mr Ollivander's silvery, moon-like eyes settled upon the slightly older, tomboyish girl in the room. "Alyssa Parkinson, yes? I trust that my sole creation with ivy wood is holding up well?""Yes, sir," the girl named Alyssa said. "I came second in the third-year duelling tournament last term.""Hogwarts has a duelling tournament?" Harry whispered to Hagrid, who shifted a bit while sitting on the spindly chair."No, Alyssa transferred overseas at the end o' her firs' year. Bright little Ravenclaw. Made Professor Flitwick real sad when she left, though.""Second to who, might I ask?" Mr Ollivander said, and Alyssa sighed."Little Miss Perfect Delacour. She's about this tall," – Alyssa placed her hand at her shoulder level, which was a few inches above Harry's head, were he to be standing there – "and she's a really snobbish girl. Her and her fancy, rosewood wand with its Veela-hair core –""V - Veela hair?" It was quite funny to see Mr Ollivander blink in momentary confusion while standing behind his counter. "Dear me, Alyssa, but considering that your dragon-heartstring core came from what was a remarkably sturdy Hebridean Black, well, I must confess my –""Disappointment?" Mrs Parkinson asked (while Alyssa smiled in a flat, dry manner), and Mr Ollivander shook his head."No, no, of course not. Your niece is exceptionally talented and simply needs more practice with her wand.""All right, girls," Mrs Parkinson said after paying for their wands. Then she placed her hands on Daphne's left shoulder, and Pansy's right while steering them towards the door. "Looks like we're all dragon heartstrings now, huh? How about we get ourselves a nice round of ice-creams before going home? Or should we skip it and go straight for the pie in the oven?""Ice-creams, Aunt Holly," – Daphne tilted her nose in the air – "and I don't care what Pansy says.""Bye, Hagrid. It was nice seeing you again," said Alyssa, waving as she exited behind the others. "Hey, you two little – wait up!"But the biggest envy of all for Harry today was in seeing such a happy family enjoying their day out together. Three cousins, no hectic favouritism. Why in the world did the Dursleys have to be such hateful swines, then? And why did Harry have to be related to them? Why couldn't he have a happy, magical family, too?"Are you ready to continue, Mr Potter?" Mr Ollivander asked, his silvery eyes slightly widened in excitement. "I'll have you know that it took Alyssa Parkinson an exceptionally long time until she found her wand.""You'd best continue before more customers show up," Hagrid said in the corner. "Mr Ollivander doesn't like matchin' more than two people at the same time.""It's not that I 'don't like it'. I simply find it more ... conducive for a wizard to find their wand in the comfort of their own space."Harry was about to pick up a wand and continue when he saw a set of twin girls enter the shop. Both had long, dark hair that were plaited and fell to their waists, and Harry decided to let them go first – despite Hagrid's shake of the head."You're being too much of a gentleman now, Harry," he whispered. "We'll be sittin' here all day, at this rate."One of the girls (who kept staring at Hagrid) was called Padma, and she ended up trying five different wands (including some of Harry's failed attempts) until finding her match: cherry and dragon heartstring. The other was referred to as being 'Parvati'; and after six useless attempts, she was finally chosen by a wand made of elm containing a phoenix-feather core."What? How come you got a phoenix inside?" Padma asked her grinning twin, and then she sighed upon looking at her own wand."Dragon heartstring is capable of producing powerful, flamboyant spells in the right hands," Mr Ollivander said. "And I remember harvesting your one from a surprisingly tame Peruvian Vipertooth – not to mention that cherry is a highly prized wood."Padma beamed, and then it was Parvati who enquired about her own wand."Well," said Mr Ollivander, "let's just say that I had to play hard-working Magizoologist, in New Zealand, for roughly three days until that stubborn phoenix decided to give one of its feathers." And he crossed his arms. "Also note that elm tends to produce the fewest accidents – and least foolish errors – provided that its owner works hard enough in the first place."With that in mind, both Patils smiled while looking at their wands – and then a third, curly-haired girl came dashing into the room."I'll go after her," Harry told Hagrid, in a whisper. "I swear."Hagrid chuckled. "You're in fer a long seven years at Hogwarts if yeh can't stand up ter the girls, Harry.""Sorry," the third girl said to Parvati while leaning on the countertop, catching her breath. "Got caught up ... in the pet shop! Almost bought a rabbit, y'know. Maybe next time Mum'll let me get one.""Mr Ollivander, sir," said Parvati, "this is Lavender Brown, my friend. Can she go next, or are you busy with that boy in the corner?""Well, that depends on Mr Potter.""Mr who?" The girls turned so fast that their hair went swishing, but Harry wasn't in the mood to be swarmed like in the Leaky Cauldron, so he took a step back to shield himself behind Hagrid. It worked in that they basically forgot about him then, especially since Mr Ollivander hadn't said his first name.Lavender, meanwhile, was measured before trying nine different wands – and sighing. "Maybe I'm a Squib.""Did you get a Hogwarts letter?" Hagrid asked, and when Lavender nodded, Hagrid shrugged in a 'there's your answer' kind of way. "Then yeh're not.""See? You're not," Parvati said, while Padma was also nodding. "Just keep trying, but don't take too long. Pansy's waiting for us."Did everyone know everyone around here? Harry thought back to Pansy mentioning Malfoy, and now Parvati mentioning Pansy. Harry felt so out of place among all these children knowing one another in the wizarding world."Ooooh, look!" Lavender said, gasping as her thirteenth wand expelled a stream of pink and black sparks in the air. "I'll take this one.""The wand has already chosen you," Mr Ollivander said, reaching out and holding Lavender's wand in his hands. "Cypress and unicorn hair, eleven and a half inches, slightly yielding." He paused before saying, "I haven't sold a cypress wand in many years."At that, all three girls looked at each other and almost squealed in delight. Lavender was looking particularly proud of her rare wand, and she (and the Patils) accepted her box with a wide grin before paying, and exiting the store. The girls' buzzing conversation could be heard for almost a minute until growing faint in the distance.Finally, it was time for Harry to resume his efforts. So he approached the counter and began waving wand after wand (some of which were tested by the girls earlier) in succession – but to no avail."Maybe I'm a Squib, whatever that means.""The son o' Lily an' James turnin' out non-magical?" Hagrid snorted with laughter. "Now yeh're being silly.""Tricky customer, eh?" Mr Ollivander said, growing more excited with each failed attempt. "I'm sure we'll find your perfect match around here somewhere. Hmm, try this one ..." He passed a dark wand which he declared as being sycamore with unicorn hair, which shot an uncomfortable little jolt down Harry's arm."Ouch!""Keep tryin', Harry. It jus' goes ter show how great a wizard yeh're gonna be, seein' as the ruddy wands are so damn picky terday.""Hmm, how about this one?" Mr Ollivander passed a pale-looking wand which had spiralling, vine-like patterns on it, not to mention a nice, thick handle-section. "Ten and three-quarter inches. Vine. Dragon heartstring. I harvested this core from what was said to be a particularly clever – not to mention stubborn and temperamental – Hungarian Horntail. Not a beast to be trifled with."The moment Harry gave the vine wand a wave, it shot out a miniscule amount of red sparks – and Harry beamed. "I think I've found my wand!""Hmm," said Mr Ollivander, leaning forward and fixing his eyes on the wand in Harry's hand. "No, it hasn't chosen you. Let's press on."So they pressed on, and on. And after Harry failed to produce anything of note (or anything at all) with four more wands, Mr Ollivander finally took a step back, and rubbed his chin. Then he reached to withdraw yet another box from the shelf, in which a brownish wand was lying. It had a nice, thick, clearly-defined handle – on which there were veiny patterns running in a line of Y-shapes."Holly and phoenix feather – an unusual combination," Mr Ollivander said. "Eleven inches. Nice and supple, and with a core that came from a remarkably loyal phoenix."The moment Harry so much as touched his wand, it sent a soothing warmth along his fingers. Then he raised his wand and brought it down in a swish, sending out red and gold sparks that stuck to the wall. This was it. Harry had finally found his wand amidst the dozens upon dozens of boxes stashed in Mr Ollivander's shop."Well done, Harry! Well done!" Hagrid said. And he cheered for so long that he completely missed Mr Ollivander's soft, whispering remark about Harry's and Voldemort's wand cores coming from the same phoenix."That's not a problem, is it?" Harry asked, wide-eyed and with his mouth slightly open."It's more of a curiosity than anything else," said Mr Ollivander, "although I'd strongly recommend keeping this to yourself. There's no telling what sort of harm this kind of information might do in the wrong hands."At long last, Harry's shopping trip was over. He paid the seven Galleons owed to Mr Ollivander, took his owl cage, and followed Hagrid out of the store. But then, suddenly, Hagrid stopped in his tracks and spoke to a most strange-looking wizard limping up the road towards them."Mad-Eye? What are you doin' here? Thought you were retired these days?""Yeah, well, Dumbledore called and asked if I'd like to stretch my legs for a day," the strange-looking wizard named Mad-Eye said. Harry truly felt sorry for the man, given the extent to which he'd suffered various injuries over the years, as well as the fact that he had several inches of carved wooden leg, ending in a clawed foot. But if there was one thing which stood out among the rest, it was Mad-Eye's vivid, electric blue eye (was that the reasoning behind his nickname?) – which was capable of moving independently from his normal, right one."This isn' abou' the package, is it?""Hmm," said Mad-Eye, fixing his strange eye on the section of Hagrid's coat where the mysterious package was being kept (could he, somehow, see through things? Clothing and underwear, too?). "It's foolish enough of you to even mention it in public, let alone be walking around with it all day. How about letting me deliver it instead?"At that, Hagrid puffed out his chest a bit, as if feeling proud of his extremely important task. "No, Dumbledore said I ought ter take it, and tha' under no circumstances should it be given away ter anyone else."Mad-Eye smiled (a strange sight for sure). "Good man. In any case, the you-know-what's not why I'm here. I spoke to Dumbledore right after seeing our little friend be accosted by that nosy journalist this morning –""You were there, Mister?" Harry asked, shocked that he'd somehow completely failed to spot a wizard who stuck out like a sore thumb in public. "But I didn't see you.""Of course you didn't. I was ... very well hidden." Mad-Eye then held out his hand and introduced himself as Alastor Moody, ex-Auror for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement (it was information overload for Harry today, that was for sure). "Right, what was I saying? Oh yes, Dumbledore said to give you this," – he handed over a bluish feather encased in a rectangular box, to Hagrid – "which should save you a long trip home."Hagrid accepted the box, and Moody frowned."Mistake number one: blindly accepting that which could've been a trap, especially without confirming my identity."At this point, Harry was looking from Moody to Hagrid as they each spoke. It was fascinating to see the man who schooled him on the wizarding world be schooled by another (hardened) wizard."No imposter would know abou' the package in the firs' place.""You sure?" Moody asked, leaning on his staff. "Not going to ask for solid proof that it's me? Fine, here." And he handed over a piece of parchment said to be written by Professor Dumbledore. "Go and check with Ollivander that this was indeed written by Dumbledore."Hagrid groaned something that sounded like "Ruddy paranoid" under his breath, did as he was told, and returned from the wand shop sometime later. "All righ', it's clear. Now what?""I'd strongly recommend taking that feather home immediately.""Guess I'll be seeing you at school, then," Hagrid told Harry. The former handed over an envelope containing Harry's ticket for the Hogwarts Express – which was set to leave at eleven o'clock on September the first. Then he opened the box and touched the feather, causing him to disappear on the spot.Harry gaped, and Moody gave a brief explanation about Portkeys (it was information overload for Harry today, that was for sure)."So tell me," said Moody, once Harry had stopped staring at the spot where Hagrid had vanished, "how does one get to platform nine and three-quarters, Harry?"They were walking down the road when Harry said, "I dunno. Maybe with a Portkey?""Perhaps, but not quite." And Moody therefore took it upon himself to explain all about the magical barrier between platforms nine and ten. "You can't expect to be Portkeyed everywhere. So don't forget about that wall, OK?"Harry nodded, and they carried on walking until passing the ice-cream parlour – on their right – where Professor Quirrell was currently sitting outside. He was eating an extra-large strawberry ice-cream while watching Gringotts across the road, for some odd reason, and Moody grunted upon seeing him."So, that's your Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, eh?""Seems like it, yeah."There was a slight pause as Moody eyed Quirrell in the distance. Then he looked at the bag of books in Harry's hand, and groaned. "Back to the bookstore, then."Harry blinked while looking up at Moody. "But I've already got my books.""Look, lad, I'm sure Dumbledore has his reasons for letting that idiot take up the post, but" – a slight crease appeared on Moody's forehead – "it'll be an insult to your parents' memory if I let you go in unprepared."So Harry returned to Flourish and Blotts, where Moody personally picked out two extra books to complement Harry's first steps into offensive and defensive magic."They won't turn you into an Auror on day one," Moody said, "but at least you'll be as reasonably prepared as a first-year can be."With nothing else left to do in Diagon Alley, Harry followed Moody (who wore a bowler hat to cover his magical eye) out into the Muggle world, where they boarded a train at Paddington station. From here, they sat in silence as many Muggles stared their way (especially at Moody) until Harry and Moody disembarked at Little Whinging's station. Today had been one hell of a learning experience for sure, and Harry's mind was filled with the memories of Diagon Alley as he walked alongside Moody on the pavement."Keep your wits about you," Moody said, his magical eye likely scanning three-hundred-and-sixty degrees through the hat, and his head. "Never know who might think to try their luck right when you're fresh out of Diagon Alley. All that luggage would make for a nice distraction during a fight.""Are you always this" – Harry chose the most polite word for 'paranoid' that he could think of – "cautious, Mr Moody?""No better way to live, Harry."The sun was beginning to set by the time Harry and Moody turned into Privet Drive. They were walking in the shadows of the houses when Harry finally decided to ask something essential; something that had been nagging on his head all afternoon. "Mr Moody, can you see your brain, your eyeballs, in your ears, in your nose, and –"Moody chuckled. "Everything, lad. But you get used to it over the years. I suppose it's sort of like looking at your hands all the time, except that I get to look through it whenever I want.""And what does my brain look like?""Young and healthy," said Moody. "Eager to take in as much as possible. Ah, here we are." They had reached number four at last. "Make sure to study well in advance, but don't use that wand until you're on the train, understand?"Harry nodded. Then he watched as Moody carried on limping down the road, and out of sight. And so began the long, dreary wait for Harry at this horrible place he called 'home'.

"Funny freak that was, limping around like one of them tramps putting on an act for quid," Uncle Vernon said the following morning, as the Dursleys and Harry were sitting at breakfast. "Too bad nobody called the police on him.""Mum, Dad, when's this ... thing coming off?" Dudley asked, too afraid to even glance at Harry while speaking. "It's not normal! I can feel it moving around –""Try to ignore it, darling," said Aunt Petunia, trying her best to mask her horrified expression. "We'll sort something out.""But I want it gone now!"Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia then promised (for the umpteenth time) to make Dudley's tail-removal their utmost priority, although they went mysteriously deaf when Harry offered to send an owl-letter to Hogwarts regarding the matter. Of course, Harry wouldn't risk doing so without their permission, seeing as he wanted to keep things as civil as possible during his last month at the Dursleys. Better to be ignored than to be hounded on, he reckoned.At some point during the month, Harry was paging through A History of Magic, by Bathilda Bagshot, when he came across the story of Saint Hedwig, whose name he decided to use for his owl. Then he carried on reading while battling the urge to pick up his wand and cast a spell. Any spell. He simply had to cast a spell. Day by day, hour by hour, the month of August creeped by at a snail's pace until the first of September finally arrived.It was a clear and sunny morning when the Dursleys dropped Harry off at the station, where Uncle Vernon was all too happy to point out the fact that platform nine and three-quarters didn't exist. But Harry, having remembered Moody's words, wasn't in the least bit concerned. So he waited for the coast to be clear, and for Uncle Vernon to return to the car (and have a good laugh with his wife and son) before making his move. He ran straight at the barrier and emerged onto a smoke-filled platform packed with people.Thanks a lot, Skeeter, Harry said in his head, as countless heads turned to stare at him. That nosy reporter just had to go and release whatever front-page article she did back in August, which made Harry feel like a boa constrictor in the zoo. Some people were pausing their farewells to get a look at Harry, others were pausing their fights for compartment-seats to get a look at Harry, and then there were those who either froze or began making their way towards him. Fortunately, some of the adults could tell that Harry wanted to be left alone, so they forbade their children from 'rushing the poor boy on his way to the train'.But that didn't stop over a dozen people from crowding around him at one of the train's doors, where Harry ended up being gawked at – and greeted with more handshakes than he could count. There were so many people around that Harry didn't know who was who in the zoo. Everyone wanted to get a good look at his scar and be seen sitting with the Harry Potter, which meant that Harry received more compartment-invitations than he cared to remember. It also meant that people were pointing him out and discussing him non-stop."Oh, for God's sake," said a girl's voice coming from one of the compartment's windows. Harry looked up and saw a swish of waist-length, dark brown hair and a billowing of black robes as the girl spun around and left her compartment. Then, just a few seconds later, she forced her way through a crowd of students at the door. "What's wrong with you people? He's not a circus showpiece. Leave him alone."Only when the girl came closer to move Harry's luggage onto the train did Harry get a good look at her. She was almost a foot taller than him; had large, blue, almond-shaped eyes, a well-defined jaw, and generally looked like she came from a rich desert-country, maybe."Name's Yasmin," she said while moving Harry's trunk and Hedwig's cage onto the train, past the buzz of Harry-related whispers coming from all around. "Yasmin Shafiq. Anyway, let's see if there's maybe a nice, empty compartment further down – or do you want to be swarmed by all your crazy fans?""No thanks," said Harry, choosing to follow Yasmin down the passage (while many students were staring at him from within their compartments). They walked through the train's cars and passed quite a few compartments along the way, before settling upon the furthest empty one they could find – at the end of the train."Here we are. How about some privacy?" Yasmin asked. And when Harry said that he'd prefer to just sit down and relax, Yasmin pulled down the blinds, and smiled. "Me and the boys'll try to divert any rude people from coming to stare at you, don't you worry."Then she left, sliding the compartment door shut on her way out.With nothing better to do, Harry pulled out his Charms textbook and started on some revision as the train began to move. He looked up every now and then to watch the houses flash past the window on his left. And after what felt like only twenty minutes for Harry, the train had already been moving for over an hour and was now speeding through the lush, green countryside.At around half past twelve, some old woman pushing a sweets trolley arrived outside Harry's compartment, and Harry ended up buying nearly a Galleon's worth of treats before returning to his seat. He stared at the pile of wrappers until choosing to start with one of those Chocolate Frog things – which, fortunately, weren't real, live frogs. They were ordinary chocolate-shaped ones which looked as simple as any Muggle sweet, except for the 'Famous Witches and Wizards' card that accompanied them.A sudden wailing noise came from metres down the passage (which Harry could hear due to his compartment door being open), and Harry paused his reading of Merlin to listen to some young boy complaining about having lost his toad."... he keeps getting away from me!""Yeah, well, he's got to be somewhere on the train," said Yasmin's voice from down the passage. "And where do you think you're going, little girl? OK, fine, but you've got ten minutes before I come and fetch you."Little girl? Harry didn't know what Yasmin meant by that, seeing as it was a boy's voice that Harry had heard, but he couldn't care less. He stood up and decided that it was time to put some of his reading into practice, and he ended up ripping a hole into the seat opposite his (Hedwig was staring at him in a half curious, half stern kind of way), using the sharp corner of one of his textbooks.Then he heard a loud, exaggerated gasp coming from the doorway. And he spun around to see a bushy haired girl standing with her hand over her mouth, and her brown eyes widened in horror. She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes."You ... you just broke that seat!"Harry smiled, and said, "How else am I gonna fix it, then?""But that's vandalism of school property!" The girl backed out of the doorway, as if to leave. "I'm going to fetch a prefect."Great, a tell-tale soon-to-be teacher's pet. Just what Harry needed. "OK, sure," he said, knowing full well that he – the Boy Who Lived – would most likely get away with such a petty misdemeanour. "Do whatever you want, but I'm gonna practise the Mending Charm now."The girl took two stomping steps down the passage before freezing, backtracking, and re-entering Harry's compartment. She looked caught in two minds, and Harry could almost picture some sort of wrestling match happening inside her head. On the one side would be her tell-tale obnoxiousness, and on the other side would probably be her need to join in on the learning experience."That'd be ... Reparo, correct?" she asked, confirming that her curiosity had just pinned the tell-tale wrestler for the count of three upstairs. "Let's see it, then.""OK, give me a few seconds."But the girl continued to speak in her speedy, bossy, matter-of-fact way even while Harry was trying to concentrate on casting his first spell."I've tried a few simple spells for practice and they've all worked for me. Nobody in my family's magical at all, so it was ever such a surprise when I got my Hogwarts acceptance letter. I mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is. Better than, for example, schools like Beauxbatons – I almost ended up going there – Durmstrang, who wouldn't even consider a Muggle-born in the first place, Uagadou – focusing too much on wandless magic isn't very wise – Ilvermony, etc."She finally took a big breath, and carried on speaking."Hogwarts really is the best. I've learned all of our set books off by heart, of course. I just hope it will be enough. I can't risk getting anything less than, say, eighty per cent. What's taking you so long with that spell? The incantation is Re-pa-ro, remember? Make the 'pa' nice and long. Oh, and don't forget about the wand movement. My name's Hermione Jean Granger, by the way."Well then, Harry reckoned there'd be a definite case of Hermione-hunting at some point during the year, unless she changed her attitude as soon as possible. Did Hermione have some sort of social problem, or something? (Not that Harry could speak, given his lack of friends back at primary school.)Seconds later, Harry heard the footsteps of Yasmin Shafiq coming down the passage towards the compartment. She slid open the door and peeked her head in to have a look. "All right, ten minutes are – huh? What happened to that seat?"Would Hermione snitch on him? Harry certainly hoped not."Well, er –""I did it," Harry said, much to Hermione's surprise. It was the perfect opportunity to shield this socially challenged girl while also checking to see how far Harry could push his luck when it came to his fame. Would Yasmin, who already seemed to favour him, be willing to overlook his little misdemeanour? "'Cause I needed something broken to fix with the Mending Charm.""Oh really?" Yasmin smiled and shook her head. "Fine, but don't make it a habit or else Filch – the caretaker – will have your head at school."She left just as Harry gave the Mending Charm a try, causing little more than a fraction of the tear to fix itself."You're doing it wrong," said Hermione, drawing her wand (which Harry recognised from Ollivander's) and taking aim. "Ahem, Reparo!"A slightly bigger fraction of the tear stitched itself close, and Harry chuckled as he said, "Wow, brilliant. Looks good as new."That remark brought a big crease between Hermione's brows as she frowned, and she performed the spell over and over again until finally fixing the damage. "There, see? I still did better than you.""After how many tries?""By the way," – Hermione pushed aside some of Harry's sweets on the seat opposite him – "they're saying that Harry Potter's somewhere around here. Have you seen him?""You don't know what he looks like?" Harry asked as he sat down, facing Hermione. "But loads of people saw him in the newspaper or in person.""Well, clearly I'm not one of them."Harry couldn't resist messing with this bossy girl, and he smiled while saying, "Bring your stuff, and I'll take you to meet Harry Potter. I know where he's sitting."At that, Hermione beamed and rushed out of the compartment, after which Harry couldn't help but fall sideways onto his seat in a fit of barely suppressed laughter. He did, however, stop upon seeing Hedwig glaring at him from within her cage, atop the luggage rack."Sorry, couldn't resist."When Hermione later returned, she yanked open the sliding door and glared at Harry while dragging her trunk into the compartment. "Oh, ha, ha. You are such a comedian.""Huh?""I never thought that you, of all people, would be so childish," Hermione said as she took her seat. She kept on glaring at Harry for awhile before giving a slight sigh, and changing the topic. "Did you know that you're in Modern Magical History, The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts, and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century?"Oh, right. Hermione had somehow uncovered his identity. "Er, not really."And then Hermione went into a lengthy lecture about Harry's mysterious survival (she was disappointed that he, himself, had no answers), the Potters' cottage in Godric's Hollow, the rumours surrounding Harry being an up-and-coming Dark wizard (Harry laughed at this), and what little the wizarding world knew of his upbringing."... as far as everyone knows, you've been living with Muggles somewhere," she said. "Likely your relatives.""Yeah, that's true –""But how do you think you survived?" Hermione asked, changing the topic once again. She leaned back in her seat and scratched her chin while thinking out loud. "I mean, there's no record of anyoneelse ever doing something like that before, which means that something incredibly unique must've happened that night."Harry shrugged, because he hadn't a clue. "All I can remember is seeing a bright green light. Probably the Killing Curse, maybe. Dunno.""That was the Killing Curse!" Hermione said, reaching to withdraw one of the history books in her trunk. She paged through it and nodded as if to confirm her statement. "Uh-huh, it says here that it's supposed to make a sort of whooshing or soaring sound, and that it looks like a jet of green ..."The longer their conversation carried on, the more Harry felt as if Hermione was discussing an interesting science-project rather than the most traumatic experience of Harry's life. However, as much as he wanted to speak his mind, there was still a part of him that understood Hermione's unsociable behaviour. And for all Harry knew, he was probably the closest thing to a friend that she'd made thus far, as her obnoxious attitude probably chased away loads of people back in primary school.About half an hour later, at around two o'clock, Harry and Hermione paused their conversation as the compartment door slid open. Three boys then entered the room – and Harry recognised the pale, blond one from Diagon Alley; the git who had barged into Harry and called him a 'Mudblood' back then."Listen, Harry Potter, I'd like to apologize for my behaviour back in Diagon Alley," Malfoy said in a cautious, almost rehearsed tone of voice as he stepped forward. "I mean, if I'd known that it was you back there –""No stress," said Harry, who wanted to start his boarding-school life as fresh as possible. "You're ... a Malfoy, right?""How did you know that?" Malfoy asked in a rushed, excited manner. His grey eyes widened for a second before he composed himself, and smiled. "Well, I mean, of course you do. Someone must've brought up my family name while explaining our world to you, yes. My name's Draco, in case you didn't know."Then he gestured towards the two thickset, basically dark-haired versions of Dudley standing behind him (who were staring non-stop at the pile of Chocolate Frogs lying beside Harry)."This is Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle, by the way. I'm pretty sure all three of us are going to be in Slytherin – the best house – once we get under the Hat. You do know about the Sorting Hat, right?""We were just talking about it a few minutes ago," said Hermione, smiling. "And just so you know, I'm hoping to make Gryffindor – although I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad either. Harry likes the colour green, so he's already hoping for Slytherin."That last part made Draco take a seat beside Harry and nod in approval. "Excellent choice, Pott – Harry. My mother and father, well, my whole family's been in Slytherin. It really is the best house of them all ..."The trio of Harry, Hermione, and Draco then spent the next ten so minutes discussing all sorts of Hogwarts-related things (while Crabbe and Goyle helped themselves to Harry's pile of sweets). They spoke at length regarding the Sorting Ceremony, first-years not being allowed their own brooms, as well as the Hogwarts houses. Harry even noticed that Draco and Hermione were getting along quite well, with both sides saying things that the other either contested, agreed upon intellectually, or found amusing. Then he looked past Draco and saw Yasmin peering into the compartment as she spoke."I gave you fifteen minutes here. Time's up unless Harry wants you to stay.""And why wouldn't he?" Draco asked, tilting his nose in the air while looking at Yasmin. "It's good that he's got people like you filtering out the riff raff out there, but I'm certainly not one of them."For a fraction of a second, Harry thought he saw Yasmin's blue eyes dart to Hermione in the corner. It seemed as if Yasmin was concerned about something, although she hid it well."All right. You children be nice with each other, OK?""Sure, whatever," said Draco, turning his back to the door as Yasmin walked away. Then he looked at Hermione in the corner while resuming their earlier conversation. "So, er, where were we again?""You were saying how Gryffindor and Hufflepuff might be the worst."Harry, meanwhile, was watching their interaction very closely, as he had already experienced Draco Malfoy's hatred of Muggle-borns first hand. Was that why Yasmin came to check up on them, and why she looked so concerned for Hermione? After all, it would be a right nasty experience if Hermione were to be insulted before even reaching Hogwarts."Honestly, they are the worst," Draco said, with his eyes slightly narrowed, and his cheeks slightly raised in disgust. "And I just can't see which one might be the 'better' option. It's like choosing to jump into a pit of troll or giant dung." Then he eyed Hermione up and down. "Hmm, someone as smart as you ought to come to Slytherin. I hear the Ravenclaws all stab each other in the back on the way up.""Ravenclaw's stupid," Crabbe said in the other corner, opposite Draco. It was the first time that Harry had heard him speak, and he had a surprisingly soft voice for someone so big. "Me an' Goyle got one or two uncles who was in there, an' they said it was boring an' full of riddles."Hermione blinked, and said, "Who 'were' in there, you mean. That's the proper word to use for a plural.""And their ghost don't like no-one," Goyle said as he munched his way through yet another pumpkin pasty. "Boring house.""What's your name anyway?" Draco asked Hermione, after having realised that the latter hadn't yet introduced herself. "It's impolite to hold a conversation while being an unknown, you know.""Oh, sorry." And Hermione flushed pink in embarrassment. "I'm Hermione Granger.""Hmm, can't say I've ever heard of that surname before. Are you a half-blood, perhaps?" Draco quickly followed up by looking at Harry and saying, "Not that there's anything wrong with being one, of course, provided that you've got the right way of thinking. I mean, my soon-to-be Head of House, Severus Snape, is a respectable example out there."Harry was caught in two minds. On the one hand, he stared at Hermione while hoping that she wouldn't reveal her blood status yet; and on the other hand, Harry reckoned it was bound to come out at some point. Did Hermione even know about blood prejudice at all?"I'm a Muggle-born, actually."Everything changed at that moment as, while the train itself was moving along on its journey, the scene in Harry's compartment seemed to freeze. Harry saw Hermione smiling at Draco, who – in turn – sat with his jaw slackened and with his mouth hanging open. And then there were Crabbe and Goyle, both of whom sat frozen in the act of unwrapping their next sweet. They appeared to be confused and were looking at Draco for instructions on what to do next."M - Muggle-born, you say?" Draco asked, still looking at Hermione as if he'd never seen her before. "As in coming from Muggle parents?""That's the definition, yes.""But," – Draco blinked for a second or two, as if he were trying to think of an appropriate response – "you've at least got a magical aunt, uncle, cousin ... or anyone, right?""None at all. I'm the first magical person in my family, as far as I know."More silence, and Draco's gaze then shifted from Hermione to Harry and back as he seemed to be contemplating something. And then, to Harry's surprise, Draco decided to simply stand up and excuse himself from the compartment while saying, "Got lots of revision to do before reaching Hogsmeade. I'll, er, see you at school, then, Harry."The biggest surprise was Draco's lack of blatant hostility towards Hermione, although Harry reckoned it might've had something to do with the fact that they hadn't yet reached school. Perhaps Draco was waiting for the 'right' opportunity to give that anti-Muggle-born lecture Harry was expecting, instead of lashing out so soon after having apologised for his behaviour in Diagon Alley."I ... don't understand," Hermione said, once Draco and his bodyguards had left the compartment. "Was it something I said?"Before Harry could break the bad – but necessary – news to Hermione, the compartment door slid open as two people entered: Yasmin and some big, well-built boy. Both were wearing their plain black school robes without any sort of add-ons, leaving their houses a mystery to Harry and Hermione."Not to, um, be the bearer of bad news to you, Hermione," said Yasmin, "but you get people like Draco Malfoy who are, well, blood prejudiced ..." She then proceeded to give as polite an explanation as she could to a shocked little first-year. "But don't let it get to you, OK? You can't really reason with families like the Crabbes, Goyles, Malfoys, etc."Seeing Hermione sitting there frozen in shock made Harry's stomach do a nasty turn, so he looked at Hermione while saying, "Funny how there was nothing wrong before he knew your blood status. Just goes to show that it doesn't matter.""Yeah, don't worry about that nonsense," said the boy beside Yasmin. He took a deep breath and looked as if he was about to give a lecture in this compartment. "The only thing that matters at Hogwarts is trying at least one pick-up game of Quidditch at some point. I mean, look at it this way: if you get hit in the face with a Bludger and start bleeding," – Hermione gasped, and Yasmin laughed – "everyone's blood looks the same, doesn't it?""She's just a first-year, man. Don't scare her," said Yasmin."It's true. Anyway ..." The boy reached to shake Harry's and then Hermione's hand. "Name's Marcus Flint. Captain of one of the school's Quidditch teams.""Which one?" Harry asked, eager to know where these nice people were coming from. Were Marcus and Yasmin in the same house, perhaps? Probably not the Malfoy-loved, Voldemort-attended Slytherin, that was for sure. And now Harry suddenly began to reconsider his house preference."Uh-uh," – Yasmin wagged her finger, and smiled – "no spoilers for you, Mister.""We could just ask people where you're from, you know," Harry said, almost rolling his eyes. "There's still a long ride left until Hogsmeade.""Don't be so boring," Yasmin said, before exiting the compartment with Marcus.Meanwhile, Hermione remained silent in the wake of Draco Malfoy's abrupt departure. She sat with her face pressed against the window pane and stared out at the woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills passing by."I don't think I wanna go to Slytherin anymore," Harry said. "Maybe Gryffindor, like my parents.""Don't be silly. You just said you'd prefer green and silver over everything else. And besides," – Hermione fixed her eyes upon Harry – "you're just saying it to impress me.""No, I'm not.""Yes, you are.""Says who?" Harry asked, and Hermione finally smiled."It doesn't take much of a brain to figure out, you know. Go to Slytherin. I'm sure you'll be happier there."They sat in silence, staring at each other, until Harry said, "But Voldemort –""Was just one person," said Hermione, blinking to clear away the slightest build-up of tears in her eyes. "And besides, I'm sure it doesn't matter where we go. Different houses doesn't mean we're in different schools."That made sense, and Harry felt reassured that Slytherin might perhaps be the best option for him after all. However, their conversation soon came to an abrupt halt as Hermione pulled out a thick book and started reading, to which Harry respected her want to be left alone."Hope you don't mind if I change quickly?" Harry asked, and Hermione nodded. It wasn't as if the former was about to remove anything important anyway, as all he did was take off his jacket and pull on his long black robes. And now Harry felt like a real wizard who was about to get Sorted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.The best school in the world.

The sun had since set by the time the train pulled into Hogsmeade station, after which hundreds of students stepped out on to the tiny, dark platform in the evening. Most of them proceeded towards the horseless-stagecoaches parked outside the station, while the group of first-years were then approached by Hagrid. Beaming with excitement, they followed him down a steep, narrow path off the platform – which soon opened to reveal the edge of a great black lake.Hermione gasped, and whispered "There's Hogwarts!" to Harry while pointing to a distant castle perched atop a high mountain at the other side of the lake. She couldn't stop whispering about all the magic just waiting to be learned, and how she – Hermione Granger – would prove herself to be more than just a Muggle-born newcomer."OK, sure. Go for it," Harry said, trying hard not to grin at Hermione's fierce determination beside him. "Just don't go crazy from all that studying."The rest of the first-years also expressed their amazement to one another, and Hagrid ended up having to raise his voice over the buzz of excitement."All righ', no more'n four to a boat." Then he pointed to the fleet of little boats docked nearby, which the first-years almost fought over – despite there being more than enough to accommodate them all. "Oi, settle down. Everyone in? Right then, FORWARD!"The fleet moved off on its own, and Harry was so caught up in staring at the distant castle that he'd failed to notice the other students, besides Hermione, who'd followed him into the boat."I knew it," said a familiar voice, sitting behind Harry and Hermione. "You are Harry Potter! We saw you in the wand shop, by the way."It was then that Harry turned and saw the two cousins from back at Ollivander's. One was that blonde girl with blue eyes, and the other was that bob-haired, green-eyed girl who'd insisted that she get her wand first. What were their names, now again?"Oh, yeah, I remember that. You're, er ...""Daphne Greengrass," the girl said, leaning forward to shake Harry's and then Hermione's hands. "And this's my cousin – second cousin – Pansy Parkinson.""I can introduce myself, you know," Pansy said. Then she reached forward and shook Harry's and Hermione's hands, too, before lowering her brows while looking at the latter. "Hey, Granger, weren't you helping that stupid boy look for his frog earlier?"Harry became wary of Pansy, just in case she decided to insult Hermione as well."Neville's not stupid." said Hermione, although Pansy gave a slight roll of the eyes. "He simply made the mistake of bringing a toad, which I certainly wouldn't have done."And that was when Daphne gasped, and tapped Pansy on the shoulder. "She's that Muggle-born Draco mentioned, remember?""Oh, right," said Pansy, and Harry cut in just as Hermione's eyes widened."So what? Is that a problem?""Maybe. Maybe not," said Pansy, fixing her gaze on Hermione, who turned around and started staring up at Hogwarts castle – on the cliff ahead. "But people like Draco are always gonna have a problem with people like her. It's a blood-status thing, you see."Of course Harry could 'see'. He was right there when it happened."Heads down!" Hagrid yelled, as the boats reached a curtain of ivy in the cliff face. They were taken through a dark tunnel that emerged in an underground harbour, where Hagrid and the students climbed out and stepped on to the rocks and pebbles ahead."Fun fact," Pansy told Harry and Hermione, while ignoring the gasp of 'Trevor!' coming from Neville nearby. "We'll only use these again when we're done with Hogwarts.""I already know that," said Hermione, speaking for the first time since they were halfway across the lake. "The seventh-years take them as a sort of leaving ceremony. Makes you feel sorry for those who don't pass their desired N.E.W.T.s, eh?"Daphne sniggered, and said, "Well, I mean, you only get your marks about a month or so into the holidays. So, yeah, you can follow the crowd and all, but you'll know you're faking it.""Or you could just suck it up and do something else in life," said Pansy, shrugging. "It's only the O.W.L.s that you have to pass to do anything at all."Harry couldn't believe these girls. They had barely stepped foot on Hogwarts ground and were already discussing the biggest examinations of school. Meanwhile, the rest of the crowd were talking about all sorts of positive things, such as Gobstones, Quidditch, Hogsmeade, school houses, etc. while climbing a passageway and then crossing the smooth, damp grass in the shadow of the castle. But all conversation soon came to a halt once the group reached the huge, oak front doors of the castle, where Hagrid knocked thrice before stepping back."Come on, come on. I want to get Sorted already," Pansy whispered between Harry and Hermione, while Daphne was bouncing on the heels of her shoes from excitement. "That's Professor McGonagall, by the way."The tall, black-haired woman named Professor McGonagall had a presence that commanded respect from the first-years, all of whom kept silent while following her into the Entrance Hall. And although the crowd of forty were drawn towards the door on their right, through which they heard countless voices in the Great Hall, Professor McGonagall ushered them towards a small, empty chamber off the hall instead.Despite almost trembling with excitement – and nervousness – the first-years gave Professor McGonagall their undivided attention as she welcomed them to Hogwarts. She then lectured them with regards to the start-of-term feast, the Sorting Ceremony, the four different houses, maintaining proper conduct, as well as the most prestigious prize at the end of the year: the House Cup.And then she left, leaving the group of first-years standing by themselves in their overcrowded little chamber."So, er," Harry heard a boy say somewhere at the back of the group, "everyone ready for the test? My brother said it hurts a lot, but I think he was just joking.""Shut up, Weasley," came the voice of Draco nearby. "Nobody cares about you or your family. Any half-decent wizard would know that the Sorting Ceremony barely qualifies as a test. Easy as pie for us."A distraction came in the form of many different ghosts floating in through the walls, after which Professor McGonagall ushered them away and led the first-years into the massive Great Hall. They were made to stand side-by-side with their backs to the staff table, facing the rest of the students – all of whom were wearing their black cloaks and pointed hats that evening. Then, after listening to the Sorting Hat sing its song, the first-years braced themselves as Professor McGonagall opened the large roll of parchment in her hands."Abbott, Hannah!"Some pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails nearly fell out of line as she made her way up to the stool, beside Professor McGonagall, where she sat down and placed the Hat over her head. Then, seconds later, the Hat yelled "HUFFLEPUFF!", thus completing the first of forty Sortings for that night."Geez, this's gonna take forever," Harry heard Daphne say on his right, to which Pansy – standing on her right – reminded her that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.The next student to be called was 'Bones, Susan' – a slender, red-haired girl with a short plait reaching down her neck. She took a deep breath and walked up to the stool, where she sat down for almost two minutes until the Hat yelled:"SLYTHERIN!"The table furthest to the right boomed with applause, although Harry didn't like the looks on some of the Slytherins' faces. About a dozen or so, or perhaps more, were whispering among one another as Susan made her way to their table. Even Professor McGonagall, who Harry could tell was working hard to maintain a neutral, professional expression, had one of her eyebrows slightly lowered while looking down at the Sorting Hat.And then she called up 'Boot, Terry'."Wait, what?" Harry heard Pansy say in a hushed voice. "Guess we'll be sharing a room with the fuzz, cuz.""Don't talk as if we're both getting in Slytherin," Daphne said, her voice slightly shaking from the suspense. "What if I get Hufflepuff?""RAVENCLAW!""Don't be silly," Pansy told Daphne, although they both kept silent as Professor McGonagall continued down the list of names.Next up was 'Brocklehurst, Mandy' – who was Sorted into Ravenclaw – followed by Lavender Brown (whom Harry recognised from the wand shop) becoming the first new Gryffindor. The table furthest to the left cheered and whistled as Lavender made her way over to them.Was it Harry's imagination, or was Susan Bones looking a tad annoyed from all the attention she was getting at the Slytherin table? Was she some kind of a celebrity, perhaps? In any case, Harry diverted his attention just in time to see 'Bulstrode, Millicent' taking nearly two minutes to be Sorted. Then, once the Hat yelled "HUFFLEPUFF!", Bulstrode climbed off the stool and made her way towards her new table, where she breathed a sigh of relief and plonked herself beside Abbott."Corner, Michael!""RAVENCLAW!"Seven down, thirty-three to go. Harry watched as the next student, 'Cornfoot, Stephen', brisk-walked up to the stool and was then placed in Hufflepuff, where he sat down beside a smiling Millicent Bulstrode."Crabbe, Vincent!""SLYTHERIN!" (As was expected from one of Draco Malfoy's bodyguards.)Meanwhile, as 'Davis, Tracey' – a short girl with dark-brown hair, and who wore oval glasses – approached the stool, Harry heard Pansy whisper "Bones's good, but then it's trash from the 'hood" to a snorting Daphne."SLYTHERIN!""Yay! Roommate number two," Pansy whispered, sounding genuinely pleased.This ceremony was taking way too long, so Harry started daydreaming about where in the world he was going to end up. His thoughts drifted to Slytherin – following Davis's placement, Gryffindor – as 'Dunbar, Fay' went that way, Ravenclaw – as 'Entwhistle, Kevin' was placed there, and then Hufflepuff – once the snobbish-looking 'Finch-Fletchley, Justin' swaggered over to that table.On and on it went, with 'Finnigan, Seamus' eventually being placed in Gryffindor, 'Goldstein, Anthony' heading to Ravenclaw, 'Goyle, Gregory' joining his fellow dimwit in Slytherin, and then – at long last – Hermione Granger being called up to the stool. Harry whispered "Good luck" to her as she almost ran to take her seat and jammed the Hat onto her head in excitement.It was the longest Sorting thus far, as Hermione sat beneath the Hat for over a minute, then two, then three – and then, finally ..."GRYFFINDOR!"Someone far to the left of the line – probably Weasley – groaned amidst the wave of cheers and applause coming from the Gryffindor table. But Harry didn't care, especially as he heard Daphne whispering on his right."G – R – A ..." Daphne gasped. "That means –""Greengrass, Daphne!"Harry was about to wish Daphne luck but failed to do so in time, as she shot forward even faster than Hermione did."So, what do you think?" Pansy whispered to Harry, after having taken Daphne's spot beside him. "Hope it's Slytherin.""SLYTHERIN!"Pansy gasped in delight and almost joined in on the Slytherins' applause. The crease that had formed between her brows soon disappeared as she eased up and smiled."Hopkins, Wayne!"Harry slipped into daydream-mode yet again, as Hopkins went to Hufflepuff – followed by a short and lightly-tanned girl, 'Jones, Megan', heading there, too. At this point, Harry was unsure of how many new Hufflepuffs there were so far (they seemed to be the most), so he watched as Megan strode towards the nearest table and took a seat. She shook hands with Abbott and Bulstrode, and waved at Cornfoot, Finch-Fletchley, and Hopkins.The next student, 'Li, Su', went to Ravenclaw in no time, although Neville Longbottom became a two-minute affair thereafter. He gripped the edges of the stool while sitting beneath the Hat, and when the latter finally shouted "GRYFFINDOR!", Neville (accidentally) made a fool of himself by running with the Hat still on."My God," whispered Pansy. "Guess any loser can make it into Gryffindor these days."'MacDougal, Morag' then went to Ravenclaw, followed by 'Macmillan, Ernest' heading to Hufflepuff, and Draco Malfoy barely putting on the Hat before it yelled "SLYTHERIN!""Malone, Roger!""Talk about low standards," Harry told Pansy in a whisper, as he saw Draco sitting with his nose in the air – between the applauding Crabbe and Goyle. "I don't want Slytherin anymore.""Don't be such a wuss," Pansy whispered. "Draco's not that bad.""HUFFLEPUFF!"It was at that moment, as 'Moon, Lily' was called, that Harry spotted a familiar face sitting among the Slytherin students. He couldn't believe that someone as kind and protective as Yasmin Shafiq was in the same house as Draco Malfoy."HUFFLEPUFF!"Next up was a weedy-looking boy, 'Nott, Theodore', who ended up going to Slytherin. And right when Harry was about to pass a remark to Pansy, both of them were caught off guard by Professor McGonagall saying, "Parkinson, Pansy!""Guess there's no 'O's, then," Harry heard a girl whisper on his left. She had long brown hair, dark brown eyes, and was probably the tallest first-year. "Name's Sally-Anne Perks. Nice to meet you.""SLYTHERIN!"Pansy beamed and made her way over to the applauding Slytherin-table, where she sat down beside an equally happy Daphne."Yeah, same," Harry told Sally-Anne, although they were too shy to shake hands while standing in view of everyone. "Just about a quarter left, I think."Given that Professor McGonagall had already reached the 'P's, both Harry and Sally-Anne knew that they were bound to be called up soon. So they stood in line and watched as 'Patil, Padma' went to Ravenclaw, followed by her twin, Parvati, being placed in Gryffindor – for some odd reason."Perks, Sally-Anne!""Cheers, mate," Sally-Anne whispered to Harry. Then she made her way to the stool, placed the Hat on her head, and ended up going to Hufflepuff. (How many were there again?)"Potter, Harry!"All eyes were fixed upon Harry as he walked forward and took his seat. The last thing he saw before the Hat dropped over his eyes was countless faces either staring his way or whispering among one another at the house tables."Hmm, difficult. Very difficult." the Sorting Hat said, speaking in a low voice that only Harry could hear. It mentioned a few house traits which seemed to befit Harry, followed by the question of where it should place him.Gryffindor seems nice, Harry thought (which the Hat could actually hear). I mean, Hermione's there."Friendships are not confined to the same house, Mr Potter. You would do well in Slytherin."But then I'll be sharing a room with Draco and the rest."And?"Harry didn't know which house to decide upon, seeing as the Hat made it sound as if he could fit in anywhere. He really wanted to go to Gryffindor and make sure that Hermione wasn't bullied – but, then again, she wouldn't want him to give up his favourite-colour option just for that.My parents went to Gryffindor. So, yeah, Gryffindor it is."Are you sure? You could be great in Slytherin, you know. It's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness – no? Well, if you're sure, better be –"And how exactly is Slytherin gonna help me? Harry asked in his head, unaware that he'd already been sitting on this stool for over four minutes. And why am I so special?"I may be a Thinking Cap, but you're overthinking things now, Mr Potter. Perhaps Ravenclaw would suit you better than you'd think, although I'd still recommend Slytherin in the end."This wasn't primary school where Dudley's nonsense made everyone hesitant to choose Harry for their team. Oh no, Harry knew that he could pick any one of these wizarding houses – in a wizarding school – and be accepted. So he sat there for at least another minute or so before finally making his decision.Maybe you're right."Naturally, so let's put you in SLYTHERIN!"As with the rest of the Sortings, the last word came out as a shout – and Harry saw the Slytherin table let loose with their celebrations. There was a loud, drawn-out "YEAH!" much like one would hear at a football match (whenever a goal was scored), which was accompanied by fists banging on the table (Marcus Flint was among them, so he was the Slytherin captain, then), whistles, tremendous applause, and some of the Slytherins laughing at the other houses who'd failed to get 'the' Harry Potter. You'd swear that Slytherin had just won the House Cup, or something."I knew it! I knew it!" Harry heard Daphne say upon his arrival, as she shifted to the right and offered him a seat beside her. "I knew you were coming here!""Of course he would," said a grinning Draco, sitting opposite Pansy and diagonally from Harry, "especially since I'm the one who told him all about our great house in the first place.""Yeah, sure," said Pansy. "Keep lying to yourself."Harry could see the staff table properly now. At the end furthest him sat Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs-up, irrespective of some of the bad things Harry had heard about Slytherin. Harry smiled and looked left until spotting the Headmaster, who was sitting in his golden, throne-like seat in the middle of the staff table."That old man in the middle is Headmaster Dumbledore, right?" Harry asked, and Daphne nodded (while Pansy and Tracey were speaking to Draco and the rest nearby)."Yep, yep," she said. "He looked pretty happy when you got Sorted."The next three students – 'Rivers, Oliver', 'Roper, Sophie,' and 'Runcorn, Alice' – all ended up going to Hufflepuff in succession."Wow, thirteen. They've got the most new students so far," Daphne told Harry, after which Draco barged into their conversation."Of course they do, considering that Hufflepuff's the dumping ground of Hogwarts.""Thomas, Dean!""GRYFFINDOR!"While the Gryffindors were applauding their newest member, Harry heard Susan Bones mention that a lot of her family were in Hufflepuff over the years, and that she didn't like Draco's snide remark. But Draco didn't care, even though Susan's parents were decent people, and her aunt was supposedly high up in the Ministry of Magic."Turpin, Lisa!""RAVENCLAW!"There were now just two more students left: a red-haired boy (whom Draco identified as 'that Weasel') as well as a black boy with high cheekbones. The first went to Gryffindor ("No surprises there," said a scoffing Draco) and then, finally, the ceremony concluded with 'Zabini, Blaise' coming to Slytherin."Hey, cop girl," Pansy said to Susan through the round of applause. "Please tell me you kept record of the house numbers?""First of all, I have a name," Susan said, frowning, "and second of all, I don't wanna be known just because of my auntie, OK? Is that clear?""Wew, wew." (Did Pansy just imitate a police siren? How did she, of all people, even know about that?)"Very funny," Susan said.Their conversation, or whatever it was, came to a halt as Zabini reached the table and took a seat between Nott and Crabbe. Zabini greeted them all and shook as many hands as he could, including Harry's, before the Great Hall went silent for the Headmaster."Welcome!" Dumbledore said, standing with his arms opened wide. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts!" Then he proceeded to say a few words, which ended up being "Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!", followed by "Thank you!""Wow," said Harry, scratching the side of his hair in confusion as Dumbledore sat down. "What was that all about?""Ugh, don't pay too much attention to him," Draco said, with a slight sneer on his face. "My mother and father, and grandfather, all told me that Dumbledore's losing his touch. Although he always was a bit of an idiot, really.""That's not what my family thinks," Susan said, frowning. "And they know great people when they see them.""Yes, well ... you're a half-blood. You wouldn't understand."At that moment, as all sorts of dishes appeared on the table, Draco ended up being glared at by Harry, Susan, and Tracey – all of whom, it seemed, were half-bloods. There were a few other students who took offence from the remark, too, but they were in different years and were not part of Harry's group.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but neither had he been allowed to eat as much he pleased. So he found it rather annoying when student after student came to introduce themselves while he was trying to eat, not to mention the sudden tinge of pain in his scar. But he ignored the latter, which disappeared as quickly as it came."OK, listen up," Draco told Harry, once a fourth-year boy had finished introducing himself and returned to his seat. "This is a new start, you see? New beginnings. You're in Slytherin now. The noble house of the greatest founder ..."Daphne yawned, but Draco couldn't care less."... so it's time to ditch the riff-raff, especially Mudblood Granger, and make some proper friends around here. People who won't hold you back with their filthy, unbearable nature.""How ironic," Susan said (Pansy and Tracey sniggered), and Draco creased his brows while looking at her."Look, if this were the Ministry, maybe then you could say your say. But don't think your aunt'll make us quake in our shoes –"But before Draco could finish his sentence, Crabbe gasped out loud and shifted to the left so fast that he squeezed Zabini against Nott, who was pushed into an older male-student."What –" Draco's eyes widened as a mean-looking (mean-spirited, perhaps?) ghost sat on the bench, beside him. "Oh. You're the, er ... Bloody Baron, r - right? Our house ghost?"The Baron nodded, and surveyed each of the first-years in turn. He swept his gaze from Nott, Zabini, and Crabbe – on his left – to Susan, Tracey, and Pansy opposite them. Then he looked straight at Daphne, then Harry beside her, and then – finally – at Draco and Goyle sitting opposite them, at the end of the table.And then he took off."What's his problem?" Harry asked, after having finished his second plate of food. "I mean, just look at the other, happy ghosts."Draco shrugged, and carried on eating. "Not sure, but Mother and Father once said the Baron's always been like that, even before their time. Even Grandfather doesn't know why he's covered in blood ..."Less talking, more eating. Harry couldn't be bothered to give Draco his undivided attention now, especially as dinner was replaced by all sorts of dessert. There were more puddings and ice-creams than Harry's stomach could take, and he just kept on going."Hey, er," – Zabini raised one of his cheeks in disgust while watching Harry – "you eat like someone who's been starved, you know.""He looks like someone who's been starved," Draco said, and Goyle nodded. "So maybe there is some truth to Rita Skeeter's article after all, am I right?"Less talking, more eating – and Harry simply shrugged."Is that a 'yes' or a 'no'?" Draco asked, narrowing his eyes. "Do those Muggles starve you or not?""Who cares? We're at Hogwarts now," Harry said. He – like Susan – wasn't in the mood to discuss family-related things at school, nor did he wish to be known by them. "Pass that treacle tart there, Daphne – er, please?""Here. Just don't puke from stuffing yourself, OK?""First thing we should do," Draco told the others around him, as Harry was stuffing himself almost as much as Goyle, "is to go and ask the old idiot why he sent Harry Potter to live with Muggles.""Yeah. Makes no sense," said Nott, who was frowning while watching Harry eat."He's even thinner than you," said Tracey, causing Nott's cheeks to twitch in annoyance. "What? It's true."It wasn't too long until Harry's group were discussing their families, although it was pretty obvious that Draco, Nott, Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy, and Daphne already knew one another. So they chose to focus on the rest instead."What?" Susan asked, as all eyes were on her. "Fine. I live with my parents, and my dad's sister is the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Auntie Amelia even gave me her middle name when I was born. OK, who's next? Tracey?""I also live with my mum and dad," Tracey said, although she was told to speak up a bit more, by Pansy. "OK, OK! Mum's an Obliviator" – (Daphne gave a quick, whispered explanation to Harry) – "and Dad's in the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad. So they work on the same level! Cool, huh? Who's next?""What can I say?" Zabini asked, shrugging. "I just live with my mother. We're rich. That's it. Dads came and went over the years. End of story. Whatever."There was nothing much, if anything, that Harry could really say. So he gave a brief, whitewashed mention of his Muggle upbringing and the Dursleys, which was all he could offer."See?" Draco said, smacking the table as if to say that he was right. "Nothing to say and nothing to boast about. If I was a celebrity, I would've expected to grow up pampered and spoiled. Not come in here all starved, clueless, and making friends with Mudbloods.""Funny how you didn't seem to have a problem with Hermione before she said she's Muggle-born. And stop using that horrible word."Draco shrugged, and said, "We all make mistakes.""Muggle-born, irritating, and a Gryffindor," Nott said, giving a low whistle thereafter. "You need to make better friends, Potter. Much better."Harry noticed that the girls were staying out of this conversation. Were they trying to give him some space with his own roommates, perhaps? Regardless, Harry remained steadfast in his decision to never ever ditch Hermione, no matter what. Who cares if she was a Muggle-born? Or a Gryffindor? Or a know-it-all? So what?"Oh, and by the way," said Draco, observing Harry as the latter stared at the table in thought, "I hope you realise that Granger isn't likely to hang out with you at all, right? Insufferable people like her often stick to the library, I think.""Fine by me," Harry said. Because if Hermione felt most at home with her books, then far be it for Harry to force her out of her comfort zone. He'd hang out with her whenever she felt like it, even if they grew distant in the meantime. "OK, shhhh. Professor Dumbledore's about to speak again."What followed was a lengthy speech regarding the Forbidden Forest being off-limits ("Well, duh," whispered Pansy), the use of magic being forbidden in the corridors, Quidditch trials taking place during the second week of term, as well as the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side being off-limits to everyone who did not wish to die 'a most painful death'."Maybe he should go there, then," Draco whispered. "And then Father can run this school as it should be.""No, you idiot," Susan whispered. "Professor McGonagall would likely take over, because she's the Deputy Headmistress, duh.""My father's on the board of governors, so watch your tongue.""My auntie can throw your daddy in jail, so watch your tongue.""And my mummy can make both of you forget this stupid argument," Tracey told Draco and Susan, as Professor Dumbledore shot up a gold ribbon to initiate the school song. "So shut up and sing!"The school song was ... interesting, to say the least, and Harry then stood up with the rest of his housemates – once Professor Dumbledore had dismissed everyone. The Slytherin first-years followed their fifth-year prefects – a tall, blond boy and a black-haired girl – out of the Great Hall and into the Entrance Hall, where the prefects led them diagonally towards a narrow stone staircase to the left of the big, marble one (the Hufflepuffs took the other staircase, to the right of the marble one). From here, they descended into the dimly lit, labyrinthine-like passages of the dungeons en route to their common room."Don't stress," the male prefect, Everett Burke, said. "You'll get used to this in no time.""That's right," said his female counterpart, Camilla Saxon. "And it's not like the upstairs places don't chop and change as well over time. Doors, staircases, Peeves the poltergeist, you name it ... they all tend to keep you on your toes. Ah, here we are."They had reached a stretch of bare, damp stone wall somewhere along one of the many passages down here. So this was it, eh? Home sweet home. The prefects took turns explaining that the password would change over time, and that it was a punishable offence to mention it to anyone outside of their house.Camilla stepped forward and said, "Valerian root", causing a concealed door to suddenly open in the stone wall. "No dawdling. Off to bed immediately.""Wait, aren't we getting a nice, welcoming lecture from our Head of House, or something?" Susan asked, and Everett shrugged."Meh, even if the other Heads did do that, I doubt Professor Snape would even bother. So quit being babies, and get settled in yourselves."Susan sighed."Dormitories are those two doors at the far end of the room," said Camilla. "Boys on the left, girls on the right. First-years take the first passage inside."There was no time to explore the long, low underground room before the first-years were ushered towards its far end. Harry and his roommates then said their goodnights to the girls as the group of ten eventually came to a stop before a large circular window, beyond which they could see the murky depths of the lake."Father said the glass and everything else is unbreakable," Draco said, and then he turned left to enter the boys' dormitories. "So don't worry if the Squid, or whatever else's down there, bumps into it."Well, this was it. Harry followed his roommates into a large tunnel which had seven passages branching off to the right, each of which led to the corresponding year's dormitory at its end. Being first-years, Harry's group took the nearest passage, and stopped at an emerald door (marked 'I') at its far end."Right, boys, I'll do the honours," said Draco, grasping the silver handle of the door, and opening it. "Ah, just as Mother and Father both described. Bet we have the best house-dormitory of them all!"Crabbe, Goyle, Nott, and Zabini all gawked, and even Harry was left speechless at the sight of the massive, slightly green-tinted room. It had six Slytherin-themed four-poster beds, silver lanterns hanging from the ceiling, a large green carpet – with a silver snake embroidered on it, and medieval tapestries depicting a wide variety of adventurous Slytherins during those years.For once, Harry failed to find any reason to oppose Draco's words – and the former dashed straight across the room to approach his new bed. It was neither Dudley's nor some old piece of rubbish in a cupboard bedroom. No, this four-poster bed – with its magnificent, emerald-green silk curtains – was the sole property of Harry James Potter.Each student had their own, personal bathroom located through a door beside their bed. And with no Dursleys around to monitor the water bill, Harry withdrew his pyjamas from his trunk and went to take the longest, hottest bath he'd yet had before getting dressed and climbing into his bed at last.The first day of lessons couldn't come soon enough.

Harry's first breakfast at Hogwarts was as scrumptious as the start-of-term feast. There were all sorts of food and drink on the table, so Harry wasted no time trying to pick and choose. He took a bit of everything, piling pieces of chicken, meat, vegetables, some potato chips, a whole potato, half a potato, a jacket potato, portions of haddock, a handful of rice, some tomato sauce and mayonnaise, and a few other things as well onto his plate."Morning," said Zabini, the first of Harry's roommates to arrive. Zabini slid onto the bench opposite Harry and gave a slight raise of the cheeks while eyeing Harry's plate. "You sure you can eat all that? I'm not even that hungry."Less talking, more eating – and Harry nodded. Then he saw the rest of his roommates arrive, and Draco frowning as he approached the table."Why are we sitting here again? Let's move to the middle.""I like it here," Harry said, after having stripped his chicken to the bone. "Too crowded down there, you know?"Draco turned to leave, and said, "Guess I'll see you in class, then.""No offence," Zabini said to Harry, as the former stood up from his seat, "but I also don't feel like being twenty yards from the teachers, sorry."The girls arrived about fifteen minutes later and had no problems sitting at the end of the table again."Hullo," said Susan, trying to ignore the plate full of chicken and meat bones in front of Harry. "What do you think we'll have first? I'm thinking Potions, maybe.""Probably the plant stuff."Daphne laughed, and said, "It's called 'Herbology', Harry," while Pansy and Tracey were discussing Astronomy. "Her – bar – ler – gy. All right," – she clapped her hands together – "time for some scran.""I think he's had enough for the whole day," Susan said. "When do you think we'll get our timetables?""As soon as Professor Snape decides to hand them out, cop girl."Ignoring Pansy's remark, Susan chose to focus on her breakfast and await the arrival of Professor Snape, whoever he was."He's the angry one next to the turban man, right?""Yep," said Daphne. "And to think turban man's supposed to be teaching us Defence Against the Dark Arts. He looks more like he'll run from a garden gnome, or something."Why in the world was Professor Quirrell even wearing that absurd turban in the first place? He was just sitting there eating like a nervous idiot, in stark contrast to the hook-nosed teacher, Professor Snape, beside him. Professor Snape seemed to be staring – or rather, glaring – at Harry."Er," – (Harry didn't know what to call Daphne and friends) – "guys, I don't think Professor Snape likes me.""'Guys'?" Tracey asked, lowering her brows. "Do we look like boys to you? That's mean.""Yeah," said Pansy. "How would you like it if we called you 'girl', huh?"Harry apologised."Anyway," said Pansy, "Professor Snape looks at everyone like that. My cousin Alyssa told me so. She was here for a year and then left for France."The topic shifted away from Professor Snape, and on to Alyssa, whose first – and only – year at Hogwarts involved students getting trapped in portraits, for some odd reason."That's nuts!" said Susan, wide-eyed but chuckling nonetheless. Then she looked at Daphne, and said, "So she's your cousin too, right?"Daphne looked up at the clear 'sky' above, and placed her finger on her chin while speaking. "Um, I'm on Pansy's mum's side, and Alyssa's on Pansy's dad's side – so not really.""And before it comes up anyway," Pansy said while trying to find the largest chips in the dishing bowl. "My dad's been dead since I was little.""I'm really sorry about that," Harry said, and Pansy shrugged."Doesn't bother me, but thanks."After what felt like ages, and after the Great Hall had filled up a bit more, the Heads began to distribute the timetables along their own house-tables. Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout made their way along the Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff ones respectively, while Professor Snape got started on the Slytherin table."Good morning, Professor Snape," Susan said, which Professor Snape answered with a stoic "Morning," and carried on down the table. Harry felt like part of the furniture then (much like at the Dursleys), as Professor Snape hadn't even noticed him while making his way past the group."Now I really think he doesn't like me.""Yeah, but ... why?" Susan asked, while Daphne, Pansy, and Tracey were discussing their timetables. "We didn't even start classes yet."In any case, Harry had better things to do than to ponder the mysteries behind Professor Snape's cold attitude towards him, such as checking out his timetable. He looked down at the piece of parchment before him and saw:Monday(09:00–10:00) History of MagicBreak(10:30–11:30) Herbology (with Ravenclaw)Lunch(13:00–14:00) Transfiguration(14:00–15:00) Charms(15:00–16:00) FreeTuesday(09:00–10:00) Astronomy TheoryBreak(10:30–11:30) Herbology (with Ravenclaw)Lunch(13:00–14:00) Defence Against the Dark Arts(14:00–15:00) Defence Against the Dark Arts(15:00–16:00) FreeWednesday (09:00–10:00) History of MagicBreak(10:30–11:30) CharmsLunch(13:00–14:00) Herbology (with Ravenclaw)(14:00–15:00) Transfiguration(15:00–16:00) FreeThursday(00:00–01:30) Astronomy (with Hufflepuff)(09:00–10:00) FreeBreak(10:30–11:30) History of MagicLunch(13:00–14:00) Astronomy Theory(14:00–15:00) Free(15:00–16:00) FreeFriday(09:00–10:00) Potions (with Gryffindor)Break(10:30–11:30) Potions (with Gryffindor)Lunch(13:00–14:00) Free(14:00–15:00) Free(15:00–16:00) Free"I wonder what the other houses have for today?" Harry asked, and Susan smiled while looking at her own timetable (which was identical anyway)."You mean you wonder what Hermione Granger has, am I right?""Can't believe we actually have a midnight class," said Pansy. "Oh well, at least we get a late breakfast, maybe."Just then, the group watched in awe as about a hundred owls arrived with the morning post, swooping down upon their recipients at the tables. And as Harry soon learned, he, Daphne, Susan, and Draco were the only Slytherin first-years who'd brought owls – or any pets – to school, although Draco's was the only one to deliver anything that morning."Sweeties from his mommy," Pansy said, giggling as she watched Draco further down the table. "See? He's all big talk but still a little baby at the end of the day."When the bell eventually rang to signal the start of classes, Harry walked with Pansy and her girls out into the Entrance Hall. History of Magic was located on the first floor, which meant a trip up the marble staircase followed by walking through the first-floor corridor. But as the first-years soon learned, navigating Hogwarts was a lot easier said than done. Even a single floor had countless sets of doors (both real and fake), doors which needed to be tickled in the right place, doors which needed to be asked politely, the possibility of running into Peeves, numerous corridors, as well as many staircases, shortcuts, and all sorts of other features."'Don't stress', Prefect Burke said," said a scowling Pansy, as the group of five came across yet another fake-door that morning. "'You'll get used to this in no time', he said. Well, here's what I think!"She took off one of her Mary Jane shoes and threw it at the 'door', causing Susan to lower her eyelids in a 'Really now?' kind of way."And what's the point of that? Put on your shoe and let's get to class already."Silliness aside, Harry's group followed the corridor for a few more minutes until they finally reached their destination, after which Draco and the rest arrived as well. However, History of Magic soon turned out to be just as boring as some of them had expected, which was a shame – considering the importance of this subject."Guess Mom was right after all," Pansy said at the end of the lecture, as the first-years walked out feeling light-headed and yawning. "Binns doesn't care about our names or if we're even listening. His only purpose in life – er, 'death' – is to just sit there reading his facts.""Which is excellent," said Draco, "as that's one less subject to worry about. Just need to memorise some stupid names, dates, and whatever else, and we're all set."Instead of lazing around or playing games during the morning break, Harry and the rest decided upon making their way to the greenhouses. They tried memorising as many landmarks as they could along the way, which they hoped would make subsequent trips much easier than the first."Wait a sec," Tracey said, once the group had reached the greenhouses at last. "I'm pretty sure I just saw Weasley asking for Binns's class now.""Yeah, me too," said Pansy. "And he looked dirtier than usual, so maybe the Gryffindors had Herbology first?"Draco, Nott, Crabbe, Goyle, and Zabini, on the other hand, couldn't care less about the Gryffindors, although they took a slight interest as the Ravenclaws exited the castle and started crossing the lawn. For some reason, Harry got the feeling that Draco and Nott were on friendly terms with some of them, which was proven false once he overheard his two roommates whispering to each other."Look at those 'ingenious' teacher's pets," Draco whispered to Nott. "Think they'll sabotage us or each other first to get ahead?""Both, probably.""I'd like to see them try," Draco whispered, just seconds before he and Nott smiled at the approaching Ravenclaws. "Hello. Nice weather we're having, eh? I'm Draco Malfoy, and these are my roommates – Theodore Nott, Vincent Crabbe, Gregory Goyle, Blaise Zabini, and of course – as you all know – Harry Potter."Susan cleared her throat in an obvious, attention-seeking way before introducing herself and her roommates – although the Ravenclaws were clearly more interested in Harry than anyone else. They crowded around him and introduced themselves, with Padma looking particularly pleased when Harry recalled seeing her in the wand shop."See? Told you I saw him there," Padma told the rest of her group. Then she turned to face Harry again, and said, "I used to play in the garden all the time when I was younger, so Herbology shouldn't be too hard. Apparently, the Gryffindors already earned ten points here just now."Harry was about to respond when Draco spoke up, and said, "Probably that Granger girl. Her kind's always looking to overcompensate with book smarts.""Hey, leave Hermione out of this, OK?" Harry said, and then he noticed some of the Ravenclaws exchanging slight, well-hidden grins (or rather, smirks) with each other. Were they thinking of driving a wedge between their competition? It was no secret that Slytherin were the reigning house-champions for almost seven years after all.The bell rang, and the class made their way into the greenhouse for their first Herbology lesson at Hogwarts. It was fun, but Harry couldn't bring himself to enjoy Professor Sprout's class all that much – especially since digging in the dirt reminded him of all the times Aunt Petunia made him slave away in her garden over the years."You'd better get used to it," Susan told Harry after class. "Why the long face back there anyway?""I don't like digging in the dirt."They were walking through a corridor towards the Entrance Hall when Susan gave a slight snort, and said, "Afraid to get your nails dirty?""No, it's just – never mind.""Tell me.""No," said Harry, making it clear that he didn't wish to discuss this any further. The last thing Harry wanted now was to have details of his upbringing leaked out to the vultures (such as Rita Skeeter), so he changed the topic to Professor McGonagall's class instead. It worked, as Susan was happy to discuss whatever she'd been told about Transfiguration."It's like Charms but with far more complicated theories and stuff," she said, stopping to view the house-point hourglasses in the Entrance Hall. "Let's have a quick lunch. Then we can get in some extra reading before class, OK?""Yeah, Professor McGonagall looks really strict."After a hasty lunch (Harry's first one at Hogwarts, it had to be said), Harry and Susan were joined by Pansy and Tracey in the Entrance Hall. None of them wished to make fools out of themselves in the Deputy Headmistress's class, so they chose to study in the courtyard until the bell rang. However, just when Harry was about to cross the grass and head towards Professor McGonagall's door, he was approached by Draco and the boys."OK, listen up," Draco said, crossing his arms while standing in the cloister around the courtyard. "The Deputy Headmistress is about as close as you'll get to the idiot on top, so get her to make Dumbledore move you. I know Father would be happy to have you at our esteemed estate."Just then, Zabini tapped on Draco's shoulder and mentioned that Professor McGonagall was crossing the courtyard, on their right, after which Draco backed off and stood beside the door. He and the rest then greeted Professor McGonagall upon her arrival, and entered the classroom as ordered."See?" Pansy whispered to Harry at the door. "I told you Draco's a nice guy.""No, he's not," Susan whispered. "Doesn't take a genius to see that he's just using Harry to give Mr Malfoy leverage against Professor Dumbledore. And by the way, Malfoy Manor's the last place someone like Harry should call home."To be honest, the Dursleys weren't much better either. They and the Malfoys were two sides of the same coin, really."But I don't see him defending his Muggles," Pansy whispered, as they moved to take their seats in front of the class. "So something's obviously not right –""That's quite enough whispering," Professor McGonagall said. "Any more, and I'll be taking points from Slytherin." She proceeded to issue a stern warning against messing around in her class, followed by changing her desk to a pig and back, and making the class copy a lot of complicated notes before starting on the basics of Transfiguration. By the end of the lesson, Harry was the only student who'd made a significant change to their matchstick, although he'd expected more from his efforts."A decent effort, Potter. Two points to Slytherin." Professor McGonagall held up the wooden needle and showed the class how Harry had at least managed to achieve the form of his intended target, although Harry couldn't help but notice a flicker of annoyance on Draco's face nearby. Was his own friend and roommate envious over one little success?"I saw it too," Susan whispered to Harry a few minutes later, as the group were climbing a staircase to the third floor. "Jealousy can be really nasty, Harry. Better watch out."That same flicker showed itself again in Charms, when Harry partially succeeded in casting the Wand-Lighting Charm. He'd snuck a glance in Draco's direction and saw Draco eyeing his own, unlit wand with the slightest of frowns on his face."Excellent, Mr Potter!" Professor Flitwick said (or rather, squeaked) in front of Harry's desk. "Five points to Slytherin!"When the bell rang, Harry checked his timetable and saw that all of the first-years were done for the day, so he chose to head back to the common room and get started on some of his homework. It was cold and quiet in here, especially as most of the house (and school) were still in class for their three o'clock to four o'clock slot.Just over an hour later, as the common room began to fill up, Harry saw a familiar face headed his way. It was that kind girl, Yasmin, who'd helped him on the platform and train. She pulled out a chair opposite Harry and sat with her elbows on the table."So, how was your first day?" Yasmin asked, speaking as if she were his big sister. "I heard you earned seven points already. Well done!"For the first time in his life, Harry was able to talk freely about his first day at school. It was brilliant, especially as Yasmin took the time to actually listen to him, unlike the Dursleys. Five minutes turned to ten, and then fifteen as Harry ended up being the verbal equivalent of a burst dam, and Yasmin being like a giant sponge soaking it all up."... I think he's jealous of me," Harry whispered, when he later brought up the topic of Draco Malfoy."Doesn't surprise me in the least," Yasmin said. "'Friends' like that will smile with you, laugh with you, hang out with you, but at the end of the day, hate it when they're not as good as you. And the more that gap grows, the more insecure they become over time.""So what can I do, then?""Nothing, for now," said Yasmin. "Just ignore his rubbish and keep your guard up. This is only the beginning."The next day started with Astronomy Theory (Professor Sinistra was a strict woman, as too many students often ended up fooling around in Astronomy, in her opinion), followed by the morning break and then Herbology before lunch, after which the Slytherins had their first (and much-anticipated) Defence Against the Dark Arts class. It was taught in one of the classrooms on the third floor, a fair distance away from the Forbidden Corridor, in which there was a constant smell of garlic."G - good m - morning, young Slytherins," Professor Quirrell said, standing beside his desk with a piece of parchment in his hands. He began his lesson by taking the register, and when he reached Harry's name, Harry suddenly winced as a surge of pain shot through his scar. But he kept silent in the hopes of avoiding unwanted attention and fuss."What's wrong?" Tracey whispered beside Harry (while Professor Quirrell ended on Zabini's name). She narrowed her eyes behind her oval glasses as Harry said that he was fine. "Are you sure?""Yeah, totally."Unfortunately, Professor Quirrell's class turned out to be anything but 'fine'. It was a joke. Two hours' worth of nauseating stink, and stories which were almost certainly made up by this shoddy excuse of a teacher. No wonder Moody took Harry back to the bookstore last month.Harry wasn't impressed."If next week's lesson turns out to be as poor as this," he told his classmates while walking down the corridor after class, "I'm putting in a complaint.""Who cares?" Draco asked. "Why put yourself out with an easy-to-pass class when you've clearly got bigger problems at hand? Or more likely, at home? I, for one, think it's funny that the general standard's so low. Makes it easier to shine, don't you think?""Maybe," Harry said.So that was Draco's mindset, eh? At least he was arrogant (and stupid) enough to blurt it out for everyone to hear, although Harry reckoned Nott and Zabini were already of the same mindset anyway. And who knows whether or not that spiteful, opportunistic attitude extended towards outshining one another as well?Nothing much happened on Wednesday apart from Harry almost achieving a full Wand-Lighting Charm in class (and Draco, Nott, and Tracey getting a flicker of light on their wands), and the first-years later being assembled in their common room that night, by the fifth-year prefects."Listen up," said Prefect Burke, standing beside Prefect Saxon. "You don't have to, but we strongly recommend getting in a nap before you're off to Astronomy at midnight. It's not going to be a simple class-lesson like in the day, so catch some Zs for your own sakes."That was some good advice, which the first-years took before being woken up by their prefects at around half past eleven. The prefects then escorted them all the way up to the top of the Astronomy Tower (it was freezing up here), where they were joined by the Hufflepuffs. It was a good thing that they were relatively wide-awake at that hour, as Professor Sinistra wasted no time in getting tonight's (or rather, that morning's) practical lesson underway.Professor Sinistra then (randomly) split the class up into six groups of three for their telescopic lesson, with the remaining two students being Pansy and that big Hufflepuff girl, Millicent Bulstrode (they ended up getting along quite well, especially when Harry overheard Millicent mention that the Hat strongly considered putting her in Slytherin).Instead of the bell ringing after class, the first-years were simply dismissed by Professor Sinistra, after which they were escorted back to the dungeons by their respective house-prefects."You're making friends with a Puff?" Harry heard Draco whisper, in a clearly disgusted tone, to Pansy behind him in the corridor. "And a half-blood one, at that?""So what? Millie's really nice. And besides, you're friends with Harry over there.""At least he's not a stupid Duffer," Draco whispered."You know I can hear you two, right?" Harry said, and Draco gave a rather quick explanation of Harry's blood status not being much of a problem, 'all things considered'.The rest of the morning passed by with a good bit of sleep, a late breakfast, and then a near-sleep-inducing lesson (History of Magic) before lunch. Then it was smooth sailing through lunch hour as well as Astronomy Theory thereafter, with Thursday quickly shaping up to be Draco's 'second-favourite' day of the week, only trumped by the fact that tomorrow was about to bring nothing more than double Potions in the morning."Can't wait to watch those Gryffindors suffer," Draco said in the common room later that day. "Not even their genius Mudblood can save them there."Harry received his first post at Hogwarts on Friday morning. It was a rather untidy letter from Hagrid, who invited Harry to the former's cabin that afternoon. Harry, of course, saw no reason to reject the offer, and responded positively to the invitation. The Slytherins then stood up twenty minutes ahead of the bell, and left early for their first (and only) class of the day.By now, Harry and the rest of his group were fairly comfortable with finding their way around certain parts of the castle, especially the dungeons, so it came as no surprise when they reached Professor Snape's classroom in just under two minutes after having left the Great Hall."Listen, Harry," Draco said while standing beside the locked door. "I'm sure you know by now that house and blood comes first, which means you should have nothing to do with Granger anymore. She's the past, got it?""No, she's not," Harry said, and Susan was quick to back him up."Blah, blah, blah," she told Draco. "Same thing every day. Who cares? Harry wants to stay friends with Hermione Granger, got it?"Meanwhile, Nott and Zabini were sitting with their backs against the wall while doing some last-minute revision, Crabbe and Goyle were simply agreeing with whatever Draco was saying, and Pansy and Tracey were standing aside while looking from Draco to Harry and back, with Pansy, in particular, looking unsure of which side to take. And then there was Daphne, whose brows (which were brown, Harry had long since noticed) were lowered and creased together; her blue eyes fixed on Draco."Come on, man," Daphne said, looking over her shoulder to see if the Gryffindors had yet arrived in the corridor. "Just let Harry do whatever he wants and be happy about it, OK?""Be 'happy' about what?" Draco asked, blinking in surprise. "That he's making friends with Mudbloods?""You're gonna lose us points with that stupid word, by the way," said Daphne, and Draco shrugged."Just stating the facts.""OK, shhhh," said Nott, gesturing a slight nod to his right. "Don't let the Gryffindors hear us arguing over one of them. They're not that special."Zabini eyed the Gryffindors turning into the corridor, in the distance, and said, "Maybe we should just let Potter do what he wants. This argument's going nowhere, and I'm trying to read over here.""We're not arguing," said Draco. "I'm just ... trying to help him see things better."When Daphne's expression lit up with a smile beside Harry, the latter had a very good guess as to what she was about to say."That's why he wears glasses, duh."Harry was right. And you know what? It was actually kind of funny, as all the Slytherins ended up laughing (with Pansy's shriek-like laugh making Harry flinch)."What's the joke?" Ron Weasley asked. He was walking ahead of the Gryffindor group, whose uniforms were nearly identical to the Slytherins', except for the odd accessory here and there – much like the other houses."You are," said Draco, and Harry gave a well-hidden sigh nearby. As if there hadn't been enough drama so far. "And your whole family as well.""And you're a slimy, Slytherin –""Ronald," Hermione said. "Don't argue. Professor Snape's on his way as we speak.""Yeah," said Draco, smirking (an expression which Harry was starting to hate). "Listen to your Muggle-born superior. And to think your family couldn't sink any lower, Weasley.""She's not my 'superior'. Definitely not this –"It was a good thing that Seamus Finnigan muttered, "Let it go," before pulling Weasley away, as Harry wasn't keen on hearing whatever insult Weasley had in mind for Hermione. On the other hand, Hermione's nose-in-the-air attitude wasn't helping either."See how easy it is to rile them up?" Harry heard Draco whisper to a sniggering Nott and Zabini, as the Gryffindors distanced themselves from the Slytherins. "Stupid hot-heads."But Harry didn't give a damn, to be honest. He wasn't about to waste the one class that Slytherin shared with Gryffindor, his one opportunity to share a lesson with Hermione Granger."Hey, er, how's your first week been?" Harry asked Hermione, ignoring the looks he was getting from his roommates (and the odd ones from the Gryffindors). "Care to share your timetable?""Only if you share yours," Hermione said, withdrawing a piece of parchment from one of her robes' pockets, and exchanging it with Harry. "Oooh, this is interesting."While Hermione was reading (and, of course, critiquing) Harry's timetable, Harry ran his eyes down hers and saw:Monday(09:00–10:00) Herbology (with Hufflepuff)Break(10:30–11:30) History of MagicLunch(13:00–14:00) Astronomy Theory(14:00–15:00) Free(15:00–16:00) FreeTuesday(09:00–10:00) CharmsBreak(10:30–11:30) TransfigurationLunch(13:00–14:00) Herbology (with Hufflepuff)(14:00–15:00) History of Magic(15:00–16:00) FreeWednesday (00:00–01:30) Astronomy (with Ravenclaw)(09:00–10:00) Herbology (with Hufflepuff)Break(10:30–11:30) History of MagicLunch(13:00–14:00) Astronomy Theory(14:00–15:00) Free(15:00–16:00) FreeThursday(09:00–10:00) CharmsBreak(10:30–11:30) TransfigurationLunch(13:00–14:00) Defence Against the Dark Arts(14:00–15:00) Defence Against the Dark Arts(15:00–16:00) FreeFriday(09:00–10:00) Potions (with Slytherin)Break(10:30–11:30) Potions (with Slytherin)Lunch(13:00–14:00) Free(14:00–15:00) Free(15:00–16:00) Free"Wish I knew that spell that copies writing and stuff.""Why would you want to copy my timetable?" Hermione asked while looking straight at Harry, and the latter felt the back of his neck heat up in slight embarrassment."Oh look, here's Professor Snape."As much as Harry wanted to sit beside Hermione in class, he ended up losing her at the door when Draco, Crabbe, and Goyle 'accidentally' walked in front of him."You did that on purpose, didn't you?" Harry said in a hushed tone, and Draco shrugged."Can't have a Slytherin sitting next to a Gryffindor, let alone a Mudblood. Choose wiser next time."Harry knew that 'wiser' referred to Draco himself, but instead of giving the latter his way – Harry chose to sit beside Susan instead. He remained quiet throughout the roll call, even when Professor Snape called Harry their new 'celebrity'."Yeah, he really doesn't like you," Susan whispered, as Professor Snape began his lengthy introduction to the subtle science and exact art of potion-making.After that, he turned on the spot to Harry, and said, "Potter! What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?", which caught Harry off guard."Draught of ... something. I forgot, Professor.""Tut, tut – fame clearly isn't everything." Snape ignored Hermione's hand as he then said, "Let's try again. Where would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar?"Hermione's hand was stretched as high as it could without her leaving her seat, and Harry paused for a moment before saying, "In the stomach of a goat, sir. It cures most poisons.""What is the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane, Potter?"Hermione was practically standing in her seat at this point.Why's he asking me everything? "Nothing," said Harry, while Susan gave a slight sigh of relief beside him. "They're the same plant, also called aconite."Snape moved away from Harry and addressed the class as a whole. He mentioned that asphodel and wormwood made a sleeping potion so powerful that it was known as the Draught of Living Death, after which Snape moved on to putting the students into pairs for their first lesson of the year. Yes, the process of brewing was indeed challenging, but somehow Neville Longbottom managed to make the worst mistake of the group."Idiot boy!" said Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with a wave of his wand (was that a charm or a Transfiguration spell, Harry wondered?). Then he admonished Longbottom for misreading the instructions, followed by having Finnigan take Longbottom up to the hospital wing. "Let that be a lesson with regards to actually reading your instructions beforehand.""Whew," said Susan, climbing off her stool and sitting down once the hot mess was sorted out. "Better him than us, huh?"Harry ignored her as he carried on with their potion, following each and every instruction to the letter, in order to avoid becoming the next Neville Longbottom. No way was Harry going to become the next dunderhead in this class. And by the end of the lesson, he was relieved to find that his and Susan's efforts merited a lack of snide remarks from Snape, and they followed the rest of their classmates out into the long, dark corridor outside."That's week one done!" said Daphne, exhaling in a loud, exaggerated manner while walking between Harry and Susan. "So, what we doing for the weekend? Catch up on some work or have some fun in the sun?""Both," said Harry, "but I gotta go to Hagrid's first."Later that day, at around five to three, Harry made his way across the grounds towards the edge of the Forbidden Forest, where Hagrid lived. Some of the others, such as Daphne and Susan, had initially planned on joining him but ultimately chose to prioritise their homework instead. Then there were those such as Draco's lot, who expressed contempt at Harry spending time with 'the local savage'.Hagrid, however, was anything but the barbaric drunk that Draco often described (as Harry already knew from past experience), and Harry ended up having a great time discussing all sorts of things with Hagrid in his cabin. They spoke at length about Harry's first week of school, his house ("Yeh'd best try an' avoid people like Malfoy as much as yeh can," Hagrid said), and whether or not Harry had any issues thus far."Not really," said Harry, sitting at the table and trying to eat his rock cake, "unless you count Professor Snape, for whatever reason.""Yeah, well, Professor Snape's like tha' with everyone."The longer this topic went on, the more Harry suspected that Hagrid knew more than he was letting on, so the former pushed through with his questioning. Harry refused to believe that Snape hadn't targeted him, specifically, in class that morning."Well, I mean – an' don' take this personally ..." Hagrid's eyes darted around the room, probably as he was trying to find anything else to discuss at this point. "S'pose you could say Snape has a bit o' issues in his life, yeah.""And I'm somehow one of them, right? Just great. It's the Dursleys all over again."Hagrid's brows immediately ceased their creasing, and his expression softened in an instant. "Now don' you go sayin' stuff like tha' around here, Harry. This is Hogwarts! Best school in the world! So what if Snape didn' like yer dad? Jus' ignore tha' load o' codswallop and focus on making yer parents proud, OK? If Professor Dumbledore says yeh'll do great in Slytherin, then yeh'll do great.""What's Professor Snape got against my dad?" Harry asked, his heart rate increasing. "He's dead.""Ferget I said anythin'. An' don' you dare bring tha' topic up with Professor Snape. Avoid it like a heard o' angry centaurs, if you know what's good fer you."Well, if anything, Harry was at least grateful to have got some form of clarity regarding the Snape issue. Did Snape have some sort of old school-grudge lingering around in his mind? If so, how in the world was James Potter involved in this whole thing? Harry shrugged it off and carried on with his day. Because if he, of all people, could at least make an effort to dampen his issues while at school, then a professional like Snape had no excuse to be walking around like an angry loser all the time.

As the second week of term got underway, Harry's roommates were becoming more and more insistent with their anti-Dumbledore notions. Draco, in particular, was insisting almost daily that Harry 'stand his ground' and 'act like a proper wizard' by getting Professor Dumbledore to move him away from 'those Muggles'. Once again, Harry understood where his roommates were coming from, but then where in the world would Harry end up staying? The Malfoys were a bunch of hateful swine, Crabbe and Goyle didn't exactly have the brightest upbringing, and Harry had heard some odd things about Zabini's mother and Nott's father respectively (including the fact that either Mr Nott or his father had published some ridiculous excuse of pure-blood propaganda).But Harry couldn't care less about his roommates and their attitudes. They were just a footnote of annoyance compared to how he felt about Quirrell's second pathetic-lesson in two weeks. Now that was something worth speaking to the staff, and perhaps Professor Dumbledore, about."Can't believe we gotta put up with Quirrell," Harry told Tracey on Tuesday afternoon after class. "Why's nobody else complaining?""It's what Malfoy said last week, y'know," Tracey said, shrugging. "Lower standards makes for easier standing out."Harry's resentment over Defence Against the Dark Arts didn't last long, however, as he later heard that flying lessons would be starting from Thursday onwards. So with that in mind, Harry smiled as he removed the '(15:00–16:00) Free' slot on Thursday afternoon from his timetable and replaced it with '(15:30–16:30) Flying Lessons (with Gryffindor)'."Can't wait to learn how to fly," he told the rest of the first-years, who were sharing a long common-room table with him."Don't feel bad if it's a real struggle for you, though," Draco said. "I mean, you've got about as much experience as a Mudblood, thanks to Dumbledore."Harry ignored him, although Susan wasn't in the mood for Draco's snide remarks. She lowered her brows and said that for all they knew, Harry might end up doing just fine on a broomstick."... and shut up about Professor Dumbledore already," she said. "You're like a broken gramophone, Malfoy.""And so's Dumbledore when he spouts his stupid, pro-Muggle nonsense out there," said Nott, picking up where Draco left off. "He's got three jobs and equally sucks at them all."Daphne, meanwhile, was sitting with her chin on her hands while looking at Harry (and ignoring the same-old bickering between Draco and Nott versus Susan). You could hardly miss those blue eyes when they were staring right at you from across the table."I think you'll do great," she told Harry in a soft tone. "So don't listen to any divvies, OK?"Harry spent his free period on Thursday morning reading up on the basics of flying. But as it turned out, and as Harry had expected, this wasn't something you could just pick up from a book. So he gave up and carried on with his schedule until it was time for lunch, where he overheard his roommates swap all sorts of flying stories at the Slytherin table."I wish they'd just shut up already," Tracey said while trying to finish her chicken salad opposite Harry. "S'making me nervous."Pansy snorted, and said, "At least you're not as bad as Granger over there. Books won't teach her how to fly. No offence to your pal, Harry."At that moment, Susan, who was sitting on Harry's left, directed the group's attention to the Gryffindor table, where Neville Longbottom was holding up some kind of a large, reddish marble. "Hey, isn't that a Remembrall?""A what?" Harry asked, and Pansy swallowed her crumbed calamari before giving a brief explanation about Remembralls, and how useless they were."... you might as well just walk up to Longbottom and tell him he forgot something," she said. "'Cause that's all his stupid marble does anyway."But while Harry and the girls were simply discussing Longbottom's new gift, Draco took it upon himself to actually approach the Gryffindor table (with Crabbe and Goyle backing him up, of course) and snatch the Remembrall from Longbottom. Finnigan and Weasley jumped to their feet in an instant, and Draco returned the Remembrall just as Professor McGonagall arrived on scene."Flying's going to be a long lesson with those idiots together," Susan said, tightening her lips in a straight line. "Let's hope Madam Hooch can stop any stupidity from taking place."Lunch hour was followed by Astronomy Theory, in which Professor Sinistra gave them a stern warning against daydreaming about broomsticks in her class. So Harry was left with no choice but to forget about flying, while staring at Professor Sinistra's latest constellation of study: Orion. All seemed well until she started lecturing on the Gamma Orionis star, at which point Harry noticed Draco biting his bottom lip while shifting in his desk (to the right of Harry's). He seemed to be agitated for a second or two."What's up?""Nothing," Draco whispered, keeping his eyes on the blackboard ahead. "Just thinking about that idiot Longbottom and his stupid Remembrall."Once the bell rang, Harry left Professor Sinistra's class alongside Pansy and Tracey, who decided upon carrying on with their Transfiguration homework. They spent the next hour or so in the library, followed by exiting the castle and making their way towards a smooth lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the Forbidden Forest.The Gryffindors had already arrived, so the Slytherins wasted no time in standing beside the remaining brooms lying on the grass. Then, seconds later, the yellow-eyed Madam Hooch arrived and got things started. She explained and demonstrated the basics of summoning a broom, after which she had the group of eighteen students practise the task."Up!" they all shouted, and to Harry's surprise, his broomstick jumped into his hand at once – although it was one of the few that did. The only other students who were standing with a broomstick in hand were Draco, Nott, Zabini, Fay Dunbar (a girl with fair skin and long, sleek dark-brown hair), and Weasley."Look at Granger –" Pansy whispered beside Harry, although she stopped upon seeing him clench his jaw. "I don't get it, man. Why're you so uptight about her but don't care about Longbottom over there? He's having some big problems too, you know."To be honest, Harry couldn't care less about the chubby blond boy and his problems. If Harry himself had to deal with his share of struggles back in the day, then why should he step in to help Neville Longbottom? Now Hermione, on the other hand, was a different case – and Harry was fighting the urge to stand beside Hermione and offer his assistance, especially since Draco's lot were sniggering at her."That tone of yours sounds far too frightened, boy," Madam Hooch told a quavering Longbottom. "And as for you –""Hermione Granger," Hermione said, introducing herself without being asked or cued."– that posture is far too rigid for this task. For beginners, brooms respond best to cool and calm confidence. The three Cs, so to speak. Now try again."Five minutes later saw Susan, Pansy, and Parvati summon their brooms as well, bringing the overall success-rate to fifty per cent as Madam Hooch began her demonstration on mounting a broomstick. She then walked up and down the rows to correct the students' grips (Draco had been doing it wrong over the years, much to Harry's delight), after which it was time to finally kick off."On my whistle, kick off from the ground, hard," Madam Hooch said. "Three – two –"Longbottom pushed off hard even before Madam Hooch could bring her whistle to her lips. He rose like a cork shot out of a bottle, and while some of the Slytherins started sniggering, the rest of the students stared, mouths agape, at the pale-faced Longbottom rising higher by the second. Five, ten, fifteen, twenty feet ... he just kept on going until his fingers started slipping from their grip."He's going to fall!""I'm perfectly aware of that," Madam Hooch told a wide-eyed, gasping Susan. The former was standing with her left hand on her hip, and with her right hand at her side, holding her wand. Cool and calm, Madam Hooch took aim once Longbottom slipped sideways off his broomstick, and fired a spell called Molliare – which slowed Longbottom's descent until he came to a rest upon the smooth grass. "Dear, dear, this isn't going to work. Let's get you a Calming Draught from Madam Pomfrey."After issuing a stern warning against unsupervised flying to the rest of the class, Madam Hooch helped the trembling Longbottom to his feet and took him back to the castle. No sooner were they out of earshot than Harry's roommates, as well as Pansy, burst into laughter."Did you see the idiot's face?" Draco asked. "What a useless lump –""Shut up, Malfoy," Parvati Patil said, and Pansy blinked."Never thought you'd like stupid little cry babies, Parvati."At that moment, Draco darted forward and snatched the Remembrall out of the grass, causing Longbottom's roommates to step forward."That's not yours," Weasley said."Come and get it, then, Weasel. Pretend it's a Sickle – the most money you'll ever see.""No!" said Hermione. "Ronald, you heard what Madam –""Stop telling me what to do!" Weasley yelled at Hermione (while Thomas and Finnigan snorted with laughter), and kicked off in pursuit of Draco in the air.Harry, meanwhile, seized the opportunity to approach the red-faced Hermione, and said, "So, er, anyway ... nuts, huh?""Idiots," said Hermione. She blinked hard before inhaling and exhaling in a loud, drawn-out manner. "We should start making plans for getting back all the points that Madam Hooch is going to deduct when she comes back. Professor Snape's not one to give, so our best chance is from Monday onwards.""Need any help with that?""With what?""Your broom, of course." Harry smiled as he saw the flush of red gradually fade from Hermione's face. "It's really easy. Just don't be scared or uptight or anything.""Uptight?"Since Harry already knew that Hermione was the overly-emotional sort, he tried to find a more polite way of speaking his mind. "Erm, I mean, Madam Hooch did tell you to ease up a bit. You're too tense.""But what's the point of flying when there are less conspicuous ways of travelling?" Hermione asked. "It's overrated and increases the chances of being seen by Muggles.""Do you want to pass this class or not?"Hermione was about to speak when her eyes widened and she gasped. Then she spun Harry around just in time for him to see the Remembrall lying smashed on a rocky section of the lawn, Draco landing between a grinning Nott, Crabbe, and Goyle – and Weasley crashing at a forty-five-degree angle near a screaming Lavender, Parvati, and Tracey. But none of that made the students back off as much as the arrival of Professor McGonagall, who came running across the lawn towards the first-years."Ronald Weasley! How dare you disregard Madam Hooch's instructions like that!""It wasn't his fault, Professor –""Silence, Miss Brown," said Professor McGonagall, striding past a trembling Lavender to grab Weasley by the scruff of his neck. Professor McGonagall then hauled Weasley into a long-sitting position on the grass, and used her wand to conjure a sling for his right arm. "Off to Madam Pomfrey, now. And forty points" – the Gryffindors gasped – "will be deducted from Gryffindor for such disgraceful behaviour, Mr Weasley, in addition to two-nights' detention this week."After that, Weasley did a walk of shame towards the castle, while Professor McGonagall watched the class like a hawk until the return of Madam Hooch. From the looks of it, the latter had either left Longbottom behind or dismissed him from the rest of the lesson, as he was nowhere to be seen."Am I another student down, Minerva?" she asked, after doing a headcount of the remaining students."Three, actually: Longbottom, Weasley, and Malfoy.""But I'm standing right here," Draco said, and Professor McGonagall turned to face him."Let's see ... forty points from Slytherin for disregarding Madam Hooch's instructions, ten for instigating conflict, twenty for injuring another student, and twenty for the theft and destruction of another student's property. Now, let's go have a word with Professor Snape about any further punishments.""Ninety points?" Pansy said in a loud whisper to her group of girls. "For real?""I think it's fair, considering all he's done," said Hermione, and just when Harry's remaining roommates (Nott, Crabbe, Goyle, and Zabini) stepped forward, so did Harry put himself between them and Hermione."She's right.""What?" Nott blinked as his mouth fell open. "You can't seriously be taking her side –""Enough," said Madam Hooch, checking her watch. "There's been enough distractions already. Mount your brooms and let's get going. Remember to keep your brooms steady, rise only a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning a bit forward. On my whistle ..."There would be time to complain about house points later. But for now, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off hard once Madam Hooch blew into her whistle. Up, up Harry soared, and as the air rushed through his hair, the blood pounded in his ears, and his robes whipped out behind him, Harry felt all stress and worries leave him in an instant."Oh great," Pansy said to Susan and Tracey beside her, as Harry kept on rising. "Don't tell me Harry's gonna do a Longbottom, too?"But Harry couldn't resist, and he pulled his broomstick up to take it even higher than Madam Hooch had instructed."Harry!" Pansy called beneath him. "Where are you going, silly? Come back here!""We can't afford to lose any more points –" Susan said, which was drowned out by the wind in Harry's ears.At this point, Harry wasn't sure how far up he'd flown. But seeing as Madam Hooch was roughly half an inch tall on the ground, he reckoned he'd climbed enough. So Harry did a loop in the air and sped up on the descent, ignoring the screams of the girls as he flew faster and faster until pulling his broom up to stop roughly a metre from the ground."Are you messin'?" Daphne came running over with the others to applaud Harry's stunt. "How come you never told us you can fly?""Yeah!" Pansy said on Daphne's right. "We thought you were gonna do a Longbottom!""Hey, don't insult Neville –""Oh, shoosh!" Lavender told Dean Thomas, cutting him off as she ran to stand between Daphne and Pansy. "Where'd you learn to do that, Harry Potter?"Madam Hooch immediately dispersed the group crowding around Harry, and came to a halt a couple yards away from the latter. "As extraordinary as that stunt was, Mr Potter, I'm afraid I'll have to take ten points from Slytherin for failing to follow my instructions. Now, if we're done with all the drama, let's practise the basics of taking off and landing again. No fancy moves or disobeying my instructions this time, understand?"Ten points was at least far better than what Draco had cost Slytherin. So Harry chose to keep his head down and follow Madam Hooch's instructions to the letter. He could hardly believe how easy it felt to be flying a broom, especially considering that he had absolutely no previous experience in doing so. Was this a talent, perhaps? Daphne certainly agreed, and was the most vocal of the group as they returned to the castle after class."It's a talent, Harry!""I know.""A talent!" Pansy said, mimicking Daphne's clap-of-the-hands gesture and gasping in delight. "No studying needed!""That's the dumbest thing I've heard," Susan said, frowning. "Talent or not, he still needs to practise and study."Tracey was in agreement as well, and the four girls spent the entire trip to the Great Hall discussing Harry's newfound talent. They were in no mood to moan and groan about Draco's ridiculous loss of points, although the subject was later brought up in the common room that evening."So," said the tall, blond Prefect Burke. He had gathered the ten first-years and made them stand side-by-side at the couches by the fireplace, while Prefect Burke himself was standing with his back to the fire. "A hundred points within a single first-year lesson ... within the first two weeks. Is that a record, Camilla?"The dark-haired, stern-faced Prefect Saxon, who was lounging on the left couch with her black boots up on the coffee table, shrugged. "Possibly, although anything could've happened over the years.""In any case ..." Prefect Burke stepped forward to address Draco, who looked up and raised his brows. "Don't give me that cheeky look, Malfoy. Your father may be on the board of governors, but that doesn't give you free rein to do whatever you want. Ninety points. What the hell did you catch on?""Don't act like you don't know," Draco said in a calm, composed tone. His voice wasn't even shaking, contrary to what Harry had expected (or would have done, had he been in Draco's place). "Not my fault Longbottom's a reckless idiot who brought a stupid glass ball to a flying class. And besides, Pot – Harry lost us points too, you know."Harry fixed his gaze on the bright-orange flames behind the silhouetted Prefect Burke, determined to keep calm even as Draco was trying to scapegoat him. Fortunately, Prefect Burke hardly cared about a meagre ten-points loss compared to ninety, and spent the next ten minutes lecturing the first-years – especially Draco – about the importance of retaining the House Cup as well as not acting like an idiot in public."Say whatever you want about the Gryffindors," Prefect Burke said, "but even they wouldn't be foolish enough to steal and break something in public, especially in front of Professor McGonagall!""How was I supposed to –""Always assume there's a teacher watching out there in the open," said Prefect Saxon. "Now shove off before we drag you to detention, Malfoy."Once Draco had exited the common room (without a care in the world, it seemed), Harry stared at the ground as Prefect Burke approached him. Was he next in line to be admonished in front of everyone, including the older students who were gathering around the common room?"So, Harry Potter," said Prefect Burke, standing with his hands behind his back, and his dark eyes looking down at Harry. "Are your classmates lying, or did you really go and pull off a loop-the-loop and long-distance dive in class?""Wait, what –""Quiet," Prefect Burke told Marcus Flint, who was sitting in a far corner of the room, eating a plate full of chocolate éclairs. "Well, Potter?""I think so, yes.""It's true," Daphne said in the middle of the line. "He's got a talent for flying!""A big, big talent," Pansy said beside her. "If Harry wasn't a first-year, maybe he could win in tryouts."Susan and Tracey joined in on the praise, too, and even the boys agreed that Harry had some degree of flying skills, although Harry himself doubted it. Perhaps it was simply beginner's luck back then."It was just a couple moves.""You need to take a bit more pride in your abilities," said Prefect Burke. "Assuming they're true, of course."Daphne stomped her foot on the ground, scowled, and said, "It is true! It is!""All right, all right," said Prefect Saxon, standing up from her seat. "Calm your feathers and go do some studies, little bird. All of you, actually."Harry was later approached by Marcus Flint, who expressed interest in the former's 'extraordinary' flying skills. Marcus suggested that Harry practise in his free time and perhaps show up for tryouts, although Harry would still have to adhere to the first-year rule."No way I'll beat anyone on a school broom," Harry said, and Marcus shrugged."That's how it is, unless I can speak to Professor Snape and get him to help us out."In that case, Harry didn't have much hope of flying anything other than a Cleansweep One or Two, a Comet One Forty, a Shooting Star, or whatever else was lying in the broom shed that year.True to his word, Marcus left the common room for Snape's office on Friday morning, although it was Snape himself who provided a direct response to Harry in Potions class later. Snape was doing his usual inspections of the students' cauldrons when he approached Harry and Susan's desk and said, in a low voice, "If I so much as hear that you're trying to upset the balance of my team, Potter, you may find yourself holding a different sort of broom soon.""Sir?""He means detention," Susan whispered to Harry, who lowered his gaze and stared at the pewter cauldron in front of him, while Snape carried on with his inspections elsewhere. "This is getting ridiculous. There's nothing stopping you from at least attending tryouts.""Forget it. We're already in the negative after Draco's nonsense. Don't want to make a fool of myself, too."In stark contrast to the malicious unfairness shown towards Harry, Snape – Harry was told – had only issued Draco with a single detention in addition to Professor McGonagall's punishments yesterday. There was no denying that Draco Malfoy remained one of Snape's favourite students, despite having crushed their early lead in the House Championship."He did give me a stern warning behind closed doors, though," Draco said in the corridor after class. "So Longbottom and his fellow losers should consider themselves lucky that I've got to keep low for now. Oh, and I've got to buy the idiot a replacement Remembrall. Might as well owl Mother now.""Oh, please," said Pansy, scoffing. "That marble junk's as cheap as they come.""Maybe buy Longbottom a replacement arm too," Crabbe said. "Might make 'im better on a broom.""And Weasley also," said Goyle, causing the group to laugh (although Harry, Susan, and Tracey hardly found the joke to be funny, in all honesty). "Did you see him crash? Stupid idiot.""All I care about now is getting us some more points," said Nott, to which Zabini nodded. "So let's cut the rubbish and study hard for next week."So with the prospect of trying out for the house team squashed by Snape, Harry wasn't in the mood to practise on his own from there on out. It was a tough decision, but Harry wasn't about to give Snape reason to punish him."Oh, forget him," Daphne said to Harry on Saturday afternoon at lunch. "You're way too talented to be moping around from a git of a teacher. If we could somehow smuggle a broom into the castle –""– then Harry can practise in private!" Pansy said, and both Susan and Tracey leaned forward to join in on the hushed scheming."Let's get an older student to shrink it!" said Tracey, much to the approval of Harry and her roommates. "But be careful, OK? Never know who might go snitching to Snape. Stupid tell-tales!""Uh-huh," said Susan. "They can be pretty mean if you're doing or did something that can cost us loads of points. Did you see those third-years ignore Malfoy outright when he asked for help on his homework earlier? Guess Daddy's influence isn't as high and mighty as he thinks."That afternoon saw Harry and the girls approach one of the few older students whom Harry was comfortable around: Yasmin Shafiq. Yasmin's blue eyes stared at the group, and the corners of her mouth rose to a smile as she sat in a corner of the common room listening to these first-years asking for her assistance."You know it's easier to reduce an enlarged object back to its original size than to actually go and shrink the thing further, right?" Yasmin said while sitting with one leg crossed over the other. "And when it comes to magical objects, such as brooms, things get even tougher. The more enchanted the object, the harder it is to change – even when it comes to the school's old rubbish."Daphne lowered her upper eyelids as if to say 'Get to the point'. "Can you do it or not? 'Cause Harry's got a cob on about Snape's nonsense. What if he ends up crying, huh?"The group's insistence eventually made Yasmin agree to assist with their plans. So with everything set, the handful of first-years went all the way up to an abandoned classroom on the fifth floor, where Yasmin had agreed to meet them in half an hour's time."She'd better not come back with Snape in tow," said Daphne, turning to face Harry in the classroom. "Don't look so sad. You'll be on a broom in no time! Just, erm, don't crash in here, OK? I'm not legging it to Madam Pomfrey for you.""If she does betray us," said Susan, "then I'm owling my auntie and –""What?" Pansy asked. "Get her to throw Shafiq in Azkaban? Don't be silly.""She's just joking," said Tracey.Twenty minutes later, Yasmin arrived and withdrew a foot-long Comet One Eighty from her black cloak. "Here you go, little bird. Happy? Oh, wait, Engorgio!""Go ahead and show her your talent, Harry!" Daphne said, and when Harry mounted the broom and kicked off in the classroom, Tracey added her bit by giggling, and saying:"He's like a bee looking for honey. I like honey.""Golden syrup is better," said Pansy, and Tracey frowned."No, honey is better!"As strange as it was to be flying about indoors like this, Harry still found it to be as enjoyable as yesterday's lesson. He also found the Comet One Eighty to be more responsive on the turn compared to whatever Harry had flown back in Madam Hooch's class. But all good things must come to an end, and after about twenty minutes of zooming around the classroom, Harry landed on the stone ground and climbed off the broom; his heart still pounding in his chest."Huh. Not bad," said Yasmin. She led the handful of students out of the classroom and into the corridor, all while carrying the full-sized broom over her shoulder. "Next time, don't be so scared of Professor Snape. Just go outside and practise under supervision. Simple.""We're not scared of Professor Snape," said Harry. "It's just ... I don't want to lose us any more points.""Which won't happen if you're not breaking any rules, duh." Yasmin snorted with laughter. "Silly children, coming up with some elaborate scheme that wasn't even necessary in the first place. What's the hardest subject you've got so far, by the way?"Daphne and Pansy both said "Transfiguration!", Susan found History of Magic to be the most tedious subject, Tracey said that Herbology was torturous in the heat, and Harry reckoned the study grind was beginning to pick up in Astronomy, especially with regards to the Orion constellation."Ah, Al Jabbar – 'The Giant'," said Yasmin, as the group of six turned to descend a staircase off the corridor. "I still remember a few stars from there – well, one of them you can't really forget.""How come?" Harry asked."Gamma Orionis, as I'm sure you've been taught, is also known as 'Bellatrix' – which is the name of one of You-Know-Who's meanest followers currently in Azkaban. Scary, huh?""Did they all have space names?" Harry asked, almost missing a step while thinking about Lord Voldemort's army back in the day."No, but there was that one maniac called Sirius ... er –""Black," said Pansy. "He lost his marbles after You-Know-Who got killed, and then he blew up over a dozen people.""Yeah, that's the story," said Yasmin, as the group exited the staircase. "A dozen Muggles and a wizard whose name I forgot. Peter Pan, or something."Harry didn't know whether to feel horrified at the tragedy or amused at Yasmin clearly getting a wizarding name wrong. "No way it's that. 'Cause Peter Pan's one of my favourite Muggle-stories, although I only read the book at school." He tried not to sigh but was struggling to resist the build-up of slow, creeping disappointment in his chest. "Dudley got to watch the musical live with his parents."Susan stopped in her tracks. "Wait, are you saying your auntie and uncle didn't take you with to a family outing?""Who cares? Let's get dinner. I'm starving."When the group reached the marble staircase in the Entrance Hall, Harry hung back as he saw Hermione approach from the opposite end of the first-floor balcony."Let's give Flyguy some space with his Gryffindor buddy," Yasmin said. "Hey, Harry, you should tell Hermione Granger to curb that snippy attitude of hers before it gets her into trouble.""Flyguy?" Pansy asked while looking up at Yasmin. "Oh, now I get it. 'Cause he likes flying."Susan rolled her eyes, and said, "Wow, really? I didn't know.""Shut up. Wew, wew.""And what's that supposed to be?" Yasmin asked Pansy, who was shaking with the giggles while explaining the whole police-siren thing, and Susan's aunt being the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Yasmin laughed.Harry, meanwhile, made his way past the marble staircase towards Hermione, and said, "Nice to see you walking around. Hungry?""Definitely, especially considering all the studying I've done in preparation to make up for Ronald Weasley's senseless points-loss. But at least forty is better than one hundred. Have you been studying, hmm?""A little. But, erm ... I prefer flying."Hermione placed her hands on her hips, and narrowed her eyes while glaring at Harry. "You shouldn't be wasting your time on that, not when your house is in the negative. I mean, when last do you think something like that even happened? Hogwarts is a school, Harry. For learning, you know.""Flying is learning.""No, it's the closest thing we have to an extracurricular activity on our timetable. Get studying, or you'll be sorry."Harry creased his brows in a slight frown, and said, "Don't get snippy with me."But Hermione wasn't in the least bit offended from the remark, and she jabbered to her heart's content while accompanying Harry down the marble staircase, and across the Entrance Hall."... so don't forget to study tomorrow, OK?""I'll think about it," Harry said, turning left while Hermione walked straight once they'd entered the Great Hall. There would be time for studying at some other point. But for now, Harry helped himself to a hefty dinner before heading back to his common room, where he spent the rest of his evening playing Exploding Snap with his roommates.

Emboldened by the confidence of his friends, Harry partially ignored Professor Snape's warning and spent a good portion of his free time reading up on Quidditch or practising with the school's brooms. They were slow and not so steady, but as long as they could take off from the ground, they were good enough for Harry – who had little issues in keeping up with Madam Hooch's curriculum. In fact, Harry would have said that flying was as easy as riding a bicycle, had he actually done that before in his life."Potter," Madam Hooch said at the end of her fifth lesson, during the second week of October, "why haven't you tried out for the Slytherin Quidditch team? Attending Flint's tryouts would have been the perfect opportunity for someone of your potential.""I wanted to, but Professor Snape –""Ah, yes, of course." Madam Hooch nodded as she said those words. "Well, you could always appeal to the Headmaster to bend the first-year rule on brooms, although it wouldn't make much sense now that you've missed tryouts."True, but what Harry hadn't told Madam Hooch was that even if he had tried out for the team, he wasn't looking forward to failing in front of everyone. That would've been like a painful reminder of those days back at St Grogory's, when Harry was often picked last, unwanted, for any sort of team-based activity. Nobody wanted to associate themselves with 'Dudley's cousin'."She's right, you know," Susan later told Harry, while walking across the lawn towards the castle. "You missed a great chance to take on Higgs, Harry."Terence Higgs was the Slytherin Seeker. He was roughly a foot taller than Harry, had golden-brown hair, and was a decent flier overall. But Harry reckoned it wouldn't be right to challenge Higgs now, especially after the latter had successfully defended his position in tryouts. And besides, there were more important things to worry about than Quidditch, such as the ever-present problem of Defence Against the Dark Arts. Harry chose to give Quirrell's class one last chance to improve, and on the fifteenth of October (not too long after having celebrated Tracey's and Zabini's birthdays, on the eleventh and the fourteenth respectively) – Harry sat down as usual and was disappointed again, as usual."One and a half months is enough," Harry told Susan while walking across the grounds that afternoon. "Binns's bad too, yeah, but at least you can understand his curriculum. Quirrell, though ...""Doesn't seem like he wants to teach," Susan said. "Wonder what's on his mind?""Don't care. I'm going straight to the Headmaster to sort this out. Forget Snape."Feeling well within his right to complain, Harry made the journey up to wherever Professor Dumbledore's office was on the second floor. He went from corridor to corridor until, finally, coming across a large and ugly stone gargoyle, which supposedly guarded the entrance to the Headmaster's office."I need to see Professor Dumbledore, please," Harry said, although the gargoyle refused to move. It remained frozen in place; its unblinking gaze fixed upon Harry. "C'mon! I'm not gonna rob the place or anything. Just let me through."When no amount of pleading could produce any results, Harry decided upon trying a different approach. He crossed his arms, tilted his nose in the air a bit (as he'd seen Pansy – and to a lesser extent, Daphne – do at times) and tried to stand as tall as he could ... not that it was much, though."D'you know who I am?"Nothing but silence. The stone gargoyle wasn't in the least bit intimidated."Nitwit, Blubber, Oddment, Tweak," Harry tried to guess the Headmaster's password. "Merlin's Beard. Fancy Robes. Big Boss ..."But no matter what Harry said, the gargoyle refused to move – and Harry was left with no choice but to call it quits and return to Susan at the edge of the lake. She suggested that he wait until dinner to approach Professor Dumbledore, but Harry had other ideas."Why don't I just send Hedwig to him? There's gotta be windows in his office.""Don't you think that's a bit too much?" Susan asked. But when Harry insisted on going up to the Owlery, Susan stood up and patted off the grass stuck to the back of her robes. "OK, fine. I'll bring along some treats for Hedwig, then. She's a nice owl."Once everything was in order, Harry and Susan made their way up to the fourth-floor corridor and then to the Owlery, at the top of West Tower. The large, circular stone room was cold and draughty due to its glassless windows, which permitted the owls access to and from their home."There she is!" Susan said as she pointed out Hedwig, who came swooping down from one of the many perches above. "Hello, Hedwig. Here's some nibbles for you before Harry sends you off to the Headmaster's office."Hedwig finished the palm full of treats in no time (Susan giggled at all the pecking), and took off with Harry's letter attached to her leg. Then, with nothing else left to do for the day, Harry and Susan chose to wander around the castle – until they were approached by Professor Snape in the Entrance Hall."Tell me," said Snape, coming to a halt near the marble staircase, which Harry and Susan had just descended. "Since when do pint-sized students go straight to the Headmaster with whatever's on their mind? Next time you wish to communicate with Professor Dumbledore, Potter, then do so through one of the staff members, primarily your Head of House – understood?"Harry nodded, and so did Susan."In any case," said Snape, "Professor Dumbledore has agreed to meet you in his office this coming Friday after dinner. The password is Fudge Flies. Make sure to keep it within that overinflated head of yours, Potter."Once Snape had strode off towards the Great Hall, Susan stuck out her tongue and pulled down one of her lower eyelids behind his back. "Why does he have to be such a jerk about everything?"The rest of the week turned out to be an exercise in patience for Harry, who couldn't wait to meet the Headmaster in his office. Harry thought about all the things he'd like to complain about so far, with Professors Quirrell and Snape being right on top of his list. Then again, he also found himself considering what Draco and the boys had said regarding the Dursleys. Was it really worth bringing up with the Headmaster himself?"This is it," Draco told Harry in the crowded Entrance Hall on Friday evening. "Your big chance to put that idiot in his place.""Don't expect me to be rude," Harry said. "I'm going to sit down and have a decent conversation. No stupid nonsense.""Fine, whatever. Suit yourself." Draco strode past the marble staircase, which Harry started to climb. "Just don't waste this opportunity, you hear?"Having memorised his previous route to the Headmaster's office, Harry made haste and reached the stone gargoyle in less than five minutes before speaking the password. The gargoyle then hopped aside as the wall behind it split into two – revealing a moving, escalator-like spiralling staircase leading up to a gleaming oak door on top. The door had a bronze knocker in the shape of a griffon, which Harry used to rap on the door until it opened to reveal the Headmaster's office.Nobody was home in the large circular room, except for a collection of old portraits lining the walls (most of whom were fast asleep, while the rest were watching Harry's every move), and a crimson bird the size of a swan – which was sitting on a golden perch behind the office door. The bird had a glittering golden tail the size of a peacock's, as well as golden talons, a golden beak, and beady black eyes."Hi," Harry said. "Are you some kind of an owl?"The bird continued to stare at Harry for a few more seconds, after which it started to sing a soft, musical tune that made Harry's insides warm up. Then, seconds later, the office door opened and Professor Dumbledore came strolling into the room. He was wearing long robes, a dark-blue cloak which swept the ground, as well as high-heeled buckled boots."Good evening, Harry. Allow me to draw you up a chair."And just like that, Professor Dumbledore did indeed draw a chair in midair with his wand (Harry stared at it; his mouth slightly agape). It revolved for a few seconds before falling with a soft thud on the visitor's side of the Headmaster's desk."Ah, I see that you've met Fawkes the phoenix," said Professor Dumbledore, crossing the room and taking a seat at his side of the desk. "Phoenixes are fascinating creatures, Harry. They are capable of carrying immensely heavy loads, their tears have powerful healing properties, and they make for highly faithful pets. But I take it Fawkes is not the reason you are here tonight, correct?"The fact that Professor Dumbledore, of all people, had called Harry by his first name was as strange as the collection of silver instruments in the room. But Harry took it as a sign of good faith and chose to take his seat as requested, though he didn't know where to begin. How exactly was a simple eleven-year-old supposed to speak with the greatest wizard of them all?Silence ensued, until Professor Dumbledore placed the tips of his long fingers together on the desk, and said, "Can I assume that you have at least one pressing issue that needs to be brought to my attention tonight?""Quirrell – I mean, 'Professor Quirrell' ..."Professor Dumbledore's eyes widened for a split second behind those half-moon glasses. "Yes? What about him?""I don't mean to be rude, sir." Harry shifted in his seat, bracing for a stern defence from the Headmaster. "But his lessons stink."To Harry's surprise, Professor Dumbledore neither frowned nor let loose an admonishment for showing 'disrespect' towards a staff member. On the contrary, Professor Dumbledore smiled as he said, "In more ways than one, I can assume. But, if I may ask, is there anything else you'd like to tell me about Professor Quirrell?"It felt as if the Headmaster somehow knew that Harry's complaints extended beyond Quirrell's curriculum. But, then again, Professor Dumbledore probably knew everything that went on around here; he was the greatest wizard in the world after all. So with that in mind, Harry felt no reason to hold back on his observations (unlike with his friends)."I don't know if it's from the stench or what, Professor, but my scar sometimes pains a bit in Quirrell's class." Harry noticed that Professor Dumbledore was staring at him in an almost X-raying manner. "I mean, it's mostly OK and all ... but there are some times when it gets really bad. Twice or thrice so far, maybe.""Hmm, have you noticed any correlation between them and something that Professor Quirrell has perhaps said or done?"That question sounded awfully specific, as if Professor Dumbledore was suggesting that Harry's scar pains were somehow linked to Quirrell himself. Surely that wasn't possible, and wouldn't this line of questions be better suited to the hospital wing? "Erm, Professor, Madam Pomfrey –""Already has enough to deal with on a regular basis, Harry. I would prefer that we not burden her with a scar that is, in many ways, unique to you.""All right," said Harry, "I think the first time it pained a lot was when Quirrell called my name on the register. Then there was that time I gave a really good answer in class. Otherwise, it's fine.""I see." Professor Dumbledore placed his arms on his desk as he spoke. "Well, there is nothing to suggest that Professor Quirrell himself has anything to do with your scar, although I will be having a word with him with regards to his curriculum. Anything else on your mind?""Snape –""Professor Snape.""– is mean." Harry gripped the sides of his chair as he spoke. "He's supposed to be my Head of House but acts like a piece of –"Professor Dumbledore raised a hand as if to say 'stop'. Then he nodded, and said, "I've already spoken to Professor Snape with regards to his behaviour. Anything else?"Was it truly worth going ahead with his 'big chance', as Draco had said? Harry felt comfortable enough in Professor Dumbledore's presence so far, so the former reckoned he might as well go ahead and say his say – in a polite way, of course."Sir, the Dursleys are even worse than Professor Snape. They've hated me ever since I've been with them. Ever since, well, since you put me there, I think."Professor Dumbledore wasn't in the least bit surprised at Harry's words. In fact, it almost seemed as if he was expecting them since the start of tonight's meeting. "Can I assume that Mr Malfoy has offered to accommodate you during the holidays?" he asked, and when Harry nodded, the former continued by saying, "In that case, what can you tell me about some of your friends' families?"Feeling no reason to hesitate, Harry said his say without mincing words. "Most of them aren't good people. I heard the Crabbes, Goyles, Notts, and the Malfoys were helping You-Know-Who –""Do not hesitate to call him Voldemort, Harry, as fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.""OK, they were helping Voldemort," Harry said, sitting up straight in his chair. "The Parkinsons too, but Pansy doesn't know what happened to her dad.""Nobody does, although we can safely assume that he's deceased." (Harry was hardly taken aback by this statement, as Pansy herself had once said the same thing, basically.) "In any case, as I'm sure you must have heard by now, quite a few of Lord Voldemort's supporters had argued being under the effects of the Imperius Curse, and were therefore cleared of all charges.""I can't believe you fell for that, sir. No offence."There was a moment's silence until Professor Dumbledore said, "So for reasons which I think ought to be obvious, I hope you'll understand that I cannot allow you to stay at the Malfoys – or at any of your roommates, for that matter."No surprise there. Harry was of the same opinion as his Headmaster, although he still needed to know where they stood with regards to the Dursley issue. Harry made it clear that he refused to spend yet another summer with those hateful swine, especially now that he'd settled into the world from which he'd come."... I'm not going back to that horrible place," Harry said yet again. "Can't I maybe stay at Hogwarts over the summer? It's brilliant here, Professor. I like it.""We are barely even two months into the school year, Harry. Perhaps it would be best if we postponed this discussion for a later date – unless, of course, you wish to arrange for something over the Christmas and Easter holidays as well?"Truth be told, it was more the long summer-period that had Harry on his nerves than anything else. There was always the option of staying at Hogwarts for the shorter holidays."OK, fine," Harry said, standing up from his chair. "We can discuss it sometime in December, then.""That would be preferable, yes. Enjoy the rest of your evening, Harry.""You're joking, right?" Draco said to Harry in the common room later that evening. "All that talk for no reason?" (As usual, Harry hadn't mentioned anything with regards to his scar.) "What exactly did you accomplish, then?""Are you deaf?" Susan said while sitting at the corner table, which she shared with the rest of the first-years. "He just said Professor Dumbledore's going to fix Quirrell's lessons, you know."Nott scoffed, and said, "So what? That's nothing we couldn't sort out ourselves with a bit of extra studying. But Potter just wasted a golden opportunity to spend his holidays in proper company. Talk about getting steamrolled by the veteran idiot.""I wasn't 'steamrolled'.""Yes, you were," Draco told Harry. "Otherwise you'd be coming to my house over the holidays. But I guess this is what happens when people don't care about common courtesy."Even Pansy was beginning to disagree with Draco at this point, as she said, "Not to be rude, Draco, but it's not courtesy if you're basically demanding Harry to come.""Very few people even get to step foot into our manor. But I guess Harry over here just isn't interested in boosting his social status. He could've met all sorts of upstanding guests – and useful contacts – who Father would've invited."Probably more Voldemort supporters, Harry thought. Then he pulled out his Transfiguration textbook and placed it on the table to read. "Are we finished arguing over my meeting with Professor Dumbledore?""Yeah, sure, whatever," Draco said, standing up from his high-backed chair. "Studying's dull. How about a game of Gobstones in the room?"At that, Crabbe and Goyle almost jumped up to get away from all the academics, and even Nott and Zabini decided to join in – leaving Harry alone with the girls."I'm sure they'll grow up someday," Pansy said, and Susan took a deep breath before exhaling in a loud manner through her nose."Doesn't take a genius to see that the Malfoys want to present Harry like a trophy at a party, or something." Susan then looked left and saw Daphne and Tracey discussing something over a rather large, blank-white banner folded between them on the table. "And now? Where'd you get that from?""This," said Daphne, tucking locks of sleek blonde-hair behind her ears, and clapping her hands together in excitement, "is for our first-ever Quidditch match. I went to Professor Snape and asked about making a banner, then he told me to ask Professor Flitwick for spare materials. Ta-da! Look what the Charms man found in his office!"Tracey, who was sucking on the end of her pink-feathered quill, beamed as she looked up and said, "I got it! Let's draw a long silver snake and put 'SLYTHERIN FOR THE WIN' underneath.""Good one!" said Daphne, nodding. "Then we'll get an older student to change the leftover white to green, plus make the letters and snake flash all shiny and stuff. That'd look boss. You joining us, Harry?"Pansy turned to look at Harry (whose nose was inches from his textbook) for a while before shaking her head. "Nah, he's way too sucked in by Transfiguration.""None of you saw how Professor Dumbledore made that chair appear out of nowhere, just like that. I wanna do that too someday."Harry's refusal to join in on the painting made Daphne give a soft, whining sigh that sounded like 'Awww'. Then she stood up and moved the group's banner as well as their stationery to the opposite corner of the room. "We'll be over here whenever you're ready to join. You can do the tail!""No, give him the head," Susan said. "Or somewhere in-between.""He'd better not colour over the lines," Pansy said.But Quidditch and textbooks weren't the only things on Harry's mind, especially as his immediate priority was more on Defence Against the Dark Arts than anything else. So on the second-last Tuesday afternoon of the month, Harry took his seat and waited (with his heart thumping) for Quirrell to start today's lesson."Good - d afternoon, class," Quirrell said at the front of the classroom. "I have been rev - vising my curriculum and d - decided to switch things up - p. So we'll be d - doing some spellwork tod - day."All ten Slytherins sat upright in their seats, eager to finally get out their wands and actually practise something for a change. Anything would be better than listening to yet another tale from Quirrell, however interesting it might be, or copying more notes from the blackboard."B - basics first," said Quirrell, pacing up and down with that usual, timid, silly-looking smile of his. "We'll start with the D - Disarming Charm, Expelliarmus.""Urgh, what?" Draco flared his nostrils and clenched his jaw before saying, "How's that supposed to help us against 'the Dark Arts'?""You n - never know. D - disarming could be very useful in a d - duel. Please copy d - down these notes before we st - tart."Half an hour later, after having copied down Quirrell's notes and having listened to his brief lecture, the Slytherins were grouped into pairs to practise the Disarming Charm on each other."Now, let's - s see ..." said Quirrell. "I'll need a v - volunteer before we start. Mr P - Potter, how about you?"There was a slight, dull discomfort in Harry's scar as he stepped forward to face Quirrell, but Harry ignored it. Then he braced himself as Quirrell raised the latter's wand, and said, "Expelliarmus!"A jet of red light issued from the end of Quirrell's wand, hitting Harry in the chest and causing Harry's wand to fly into the air. Quirrell, however, fumbled about and failed to catch the wand between his fingers, much to the amusement of Harry's peers (who forced themselves to not laugh out loud)."So s - sorry about that. Reactions c - come and g - go.""No problem, Professor," Harry said as he bent down and picked up his wand. Then it was his turn to cast the spell, which Harry did by raising his wand, performing the required movement, as well as saying, "Expelliarmus!"Quirrell's wand flew a few inches into the air, and landed back in his upturned palms."Five p - points to Slytherin for a g - good effort, Mr Potter," Quirrell said, and Harry felt a surge of pain shoot through his scar, which he hid well by carrying on with the lesson. "Now, let's see the rest - t of you perform the s p - pell on each other."All in all, Defence Against the Dark Arts was finally shaping up to be a class worth attending, in Harry's opinion. Sure, Professor Quirrell was as timid and simple-minded as ever, but at least he was trying his best after being spoken to by Professor Dumbledore. The former's new and improved curriculum extended to the following week, too, although it would probably be a while until they moved on to a new spell.On Wednesday morning – the second-last day of the month – Harry thought about some of the progress that his fellow first-year Slytherins had made thus far. There were Crabbe and Goyle's improved potting techniques in Herbology – earning them five points each (to which some of the Ravenclaws, especially Terry Boot, stared in disbelief), Draco's new status of being second-best in Madam Hooch's class – behind Harry, and Pansy having forced herself to copy down as much extra information from Professor Binns as possible. She treated her notes as if they were made of gold, and offered to share them with Harry on condition that he teach her how to do a loop-the-loop without falling off her broom."We'll start making things fly today," Harry told Pansy in the first-floor corridor, during the morning break between History of Magic and Charms. "So let me get that spell right before we practise, OK? It might stop you in a fall.""Just fetch an older student to supervise, duh," she said, and Harry shook his head."Can't keep relying on them for everything.""'B' for 'boring'," Pansy said, tilting her snub nose in the air as she and Harry carried on walking towards the nearest staircase. "That's what you are for making me wait, Flyguy.""Please don't call me that."It was clear that Pansy sought to improve on her flying skills mainly to keep up with Draco, but Harry didn't mind. So when Professor Flitwick later got them started on the Levitation Charm, Harry gave it his full attention in the hopes of preparing himself for Pansy's lesson. No way would she be injuring herself on his watch."Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've started on Monday," Professor Flitwick said, once he'd divided the class into pairs (Draco with Crabbe, Nott with Goyle, Zabini with Tracey, Daphne with Pansy, and Harry with Susan). "And repeat after me: Wingardium Leviosa!""Wingardium Leviosa!" the Slytherins said."Excellent! Now remember to swish and flick, and bear in mind the correct pronunciation as well – lest you end up like Wizard Baruffio."Fifteen minutes later saw Daphne, Draco, and Harry being the only ones who ended up levitating their feathers without too much difficulty (earning them a combined total of six points), while the rest of the class varied between near lift-off and a burning feather (in Goyle's case). And as for Susan, Harry told her that she kept on over-swishing her wrist movement as well as adding in a jab that ended up doing nothing."And you're saying it wrong," Harry said. "It's Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa. Your 'gar' is too short.""So sorry, Professor Potter," Susan said, giving an overly-bright smile that was clearly meant to be cheeky. "Ahem, Wingardium Leviosa!"Susan's feather quivered a bit on the desk before rising an inch, after which Harry couldn't help but take over. He raised the feather until it was high enough to drop on top of her red hair, which he did once Professor Flitwick had turned his back to them."Very funny," Susan said, shaking off the feather. "But the bird's nest is on your head, not mine."The class continued with Crabbe, Goyle, and Tracey gradually eliciting more movement from their feathers. Then, during the last ten minutes of today's lesson, Nott and Zabini ended up levitating their feathers an inch or two from the desk, earning Slytherin two points in the process. And when the bell finally rang, the class left in good spirits as they carried on with their day, ending with Astronomy at midnight as Hallowe'en had arrived."Ooooh, spooky time later today," Susan told Harry, as they were staring through their telescopes atop the Astronomy Tower. "I wonder what fancy décor the staff'll put up?""Probably pumpkins and stuff," said Harry. "Hope it's not as boring as back home."

Later that morning Harry woke to the smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the dungeons – which was odd, considering how you rarely, if ever, smelled anything coming from the kitchens. So he rushed out of bed and got freshened up in no time, followed by racing out into the common room to meet up with the girls."I forgot to say, but let's dress up for Hallowe'en!"Pansy was the first to laugh, followed by saying, "First of all, you'd get detention for that. And also, what for? We're already in the magical world, Harry.""Yes," said Tracey. "And we go to a wizarding school and already wear robes, cloaks, and pointy hats!""Oh, right." Harry laughed at his own silly suggestion, then he exited the common room and stepped into the nearly pitch-black corridor outside. Everyone stopped to stare all around them, as what little light there was came from the hovering, candle-lit carved pumpkins along the walls, as well as a few glowing bones and cauldrons scattered here and there throughout the corridor."Cool!" said Crabbe (alongside Goyle), as the rest of the house trickled out of the common-room door. "Hope Peeves doesn't mess this up, though."One of the older students – a short, stocky girl – expressed her astonishment as well, and said, "Apparently, the Baron threatened to lock Peeves up for the next few days if he tries. Funny thing is, though, we've hardly ever had decorations down here before.""You're not ... having any trouble seeing down here, are you?" Susan whispered to Harry. "Those glasses working OK?""I'm not blind as a bat, you know."Speaking of which, the Slytherins (totalling around a hundred and fifty or so) were soon met with countless bats fluttering overhead. Some of the students, such as Draco and Nott, expressed concerns about being urinated on – to which many of the older ones chortled."Don't be ridiculous," said Prefect Burke. "Do you honestly think Professors Dumbledore or McGonagall wouldn't know how to prevent that? There'll be bats at the feast as well later on."Unfortunately, as many students soon found out, the Bloody Baron hadn't stopped Peeves from mucking about elsewhere, leading to all sorts of pranks and 'accidents' taking place in and around the upper levels. Many a student could be seen walking around with their wand in hand (despite Mr Filch's warnings), ready to stop the next overturned vase, pulled carpet, or whatever else Peeves had in mind that morning.For Harry and Susan, their post-breakfast stroll was interrupted by a loud yell of "TRICK OR TRICK, ICKLE FIRSTIES!", as Peeves came bursting through a door in the first-floor corridor. He was carrying a basket full of water balloons."What?" Harry scratched the back of his hair. "It's supposed to be 'trick or treat'. I heard it on TV.""No, no, Potty Potter. Peevsie's going to give you one of his water balloons, see? Either you splash it on her," – Peeves pointed at Susan – "or I splash you both. Trick or trick.""Er, keep your balloon, then," Harry said. "No way am I drenching my friend.""TRICK IT IS!""Run for it!" Susan yelled, tucking her black pointed hat into her pocket (Harry did the same) as she turned tail and fled. One by one, blurs of different colours came soaring over Harry's and Susan's heads as they ran – splattering the walls, the floor, and the occasional suit of armour along the way.To Harry's surprise, Susan happened to be a bit faster (and had slightly longer legs) than him, leaving Harry to bear the brunt of Peeves's assault. Try as he might, Harry failed to shake off the non-stop icy water and cackling laughter until reaching the marble staircase, where he and Susan came across none other than Professor Dumbledore."That is quite enough, Peeves.""Much apologies, Professorhead," Peeves said in a rather oily, unconvincing tone. "Old Peevsie will be on his way, then."And he left, after which Susan leaned against the banister to catch her breath, as well as giggle at Harry. "Professor! Harry's ... been ... soaked.""It's not funny!"Professor Dumbledore, however, simply dried Harry off with a wave of the wand. Then he reached into his pocket and withdrew a couple of brand-new Chocolate Frogs for the two students. "I daresay you'd appreciate these after all that running.""Yes, sir. Thank you, sir," Harry said, after which he and Susan made their way up to the second floor in order to (hopefully) distance themselves from Peeves. But no sooner had they arrived than a teary-eyed Hermione came stomping down the nearest staircase. She took one look at them, and paused at the sight of Harry."Susan, can I borrow him, quickly?""For what?" Susan asked, squinting her eyes while looking at Hermione. "Are you ... crying?""Yeah," said Harry. "What's wrong?"But Hermione wasn't listening, and she stepped forward to grab Harry by the arm. "Stay out of this," she told Susan. "I just need Harry.""Er, OK," Susan said, raising her brows and backing off. "I'll ... go to class so long, then. Cheers."Whatever it was that demanded his presence, Harry had nary a clue while being almost dragged upstairs by the arm. So he chose to keep silent and observe the situation, and was eventually led up to the third-floor corridor, near the Charms section."SEE HERE!" Hermione yelled, and Harry flinched. They'd come to a halt before the trio of Finnigan, Thomas, and Weasley in the empty corridor."Huh?" said Weasley. "Yeah, that's Harry Potter, I know. Everyone knows.""HE'S MY FRIEND! SO YOU'RE WRONG!""Ouch!" said Harry, covering his ears while standing beside Hermione (who had a vice-like grip around his arm). "What in the world –""YOU'RE WRONG, AND YOU'RE STUPID!" Hermione yelled at Weasley, for whatever reason. Then, after taking a deep breath in and out, she followed up by saying, "I have friends.""Yeah, just one," Weasley said."Seriously, what's going on –"Hermione once again spoke over Harry, and said, "And I suppose you're about to say that he's not even in our house, correct? Well, how many friends do you have outside of Gryffindor, huh? None! Because nobody out there can stand you, Ronald Weasley!""Absolute nutter," Finnigan told Thomas, who sniggered, but Hermione couldn't care less. She seemed to have said her say, and grabbed Harry by the hand to lead him down the staircase."Nobody can stand you in Gryffindor!" Harry heard Weasley yell from behind, and just when Harry was about to give a response, Hermione shook her head and told him to ignore the remark."Just forget it," she said. "Just because he's too stupid to work a simple Levitation Charm, unlike me, doesn't give him the right to get all rude. How was your morning, Harry?""All right, until Peeves showed up ..." And when Harry proceeded to tell of his and Susan's water-balloon adventure, Hermione started giggling. "You know," said Harry, placing the Chocolate Frog in Hermione's hand, "I think you need this more than me. Some sugar after all that bitterness.""Why can't the other boys be like you?" Hermione sighed. "I mean ... you study a lot, aren't rude, and, well, you're very nice.""Dinner's going to be very nice," Harry said, and Hermione looked at him in a 'Really now?' sort of way. "What? It's the Hallowe'en feast, isn't it?"The rest of their morning cruised by without any drama, as did their afternoon. And when dinner finally arrived that night, Harry and his classmates were amazed by the lavish, Hallowe'en-themed decorations adorning the Great Hall. These included a thousand live bats fluttering around the walls and the ceiling; a dark, unnaturally-purplish sky overhead (the enchanted ceiling had been modified for the feast), and a thousand more bats swooping over the tables, making the candles within the pumpkins stutter.Harry had barely touched his feast (as he'd been too preoccupied with staring across the hall at Hermione, who was enjoying her meal) when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the Great Hall, his turban askew and his eyes widened in terror. He ran straight past the crowd of staring students, right up to Professor Dumbledore's chair, and said, in a breathless voice: "Troll – in the dungeons – thought you ought to know."And he fainted.There was an uproar of panic in the Great Hall, followed by Professor Dumbledore ordering the prefects to lead their houses back to their dormitories. The Gryffindors and Ravenclaws were therefore taken upstairs while the Slytherins and Hufflepuffs made haste to the dungeons."So much for Quirrell," Harry heard Nott tell Draco somewhere in the middle of the crowd. "This school's had one useless teacher after another over the years.""Not quite," said one of the older students, a dark-skinned girl with braided hair. "We fourth-years and above did have Patricia Rakepick three years ago. She was a great teacher – until she went off the rails and, well ... the rest is history."A foul, sewerage-like odour permeated the corridor. And just as everyone pinched their noses and complained, they stopped at the sight of a twelve-foot tall beast rounding the distant corner. It was shaped like a boulder supported by two short tree-trunks, and was dragging a huge wooden club along the ground.CRASH.The disgusting thing smashed one of the floating pumpkins on its right, then decided upon taking a bite out of the next one in the air."Aaaa! It's the troll –""Shut it, Crabbe," said one of the older male-students. "You're acting like one now."The troll had finally directed its attention towards the Slytherins. It paused for a moment, then gave a loud roar that reverberated down the corridor, causing many of the younger students to shriek and double back into one another."Settle down, children," said Prefect Saxon, drawing her wand. "Fourth-years and above, restrain that filth before it runs off to the kitchens.""Why?" Harry heard Draco ask, and Prefect Saxon sighed."Why do you think? One, to keep the elves safe; and two, so the Duffers don't get their chance to earn points. Plus, we still need to make up for your senseless loss, Malfoy."The troll sped up into a surprisingly quick run, to which many of the Slytherins raised their wands and shouted "Incarcerous!"Dozens of ropes flew out of midair like thick snakes; the first few being snapped by the momentum of the troll, and the next batch wrapping themselves to the point where the troll's dull, granite skin bulged in places. Then, at about halfway between the smashed pumpkins and the Slytherins, the troll toppled over and landed face-down – with a loud thud – on the stone floor; its club rolling ahead until being stopped by a Freezing Charm."And ... that's that," said the male seventh-year prefect, Reginald Vance. "Everett and Camilla, carry on with the crowd. Ginny and the rest of us will keep watch over this sack of stench."Prefects Burke and Saxon proceeded to lead the rest of the house back to the common room, while the sixth and seventh-year prefects kept the troll under constant restraint in the corridor. And no sooner had the Slytherins entered their common room (and scrambled for the tables) than Daphne re-enacted the troll incident before her classmates, at the couches near the fireplace."Wow! Did you see that? The troll was like: 'Raaaawr!', then it ran with its club like: 'Raaaawr!', and then it got roped until it fell like: 'Aaaawrgh!'" She proceeded to do an exaggerated jog until 'tripping' over her legs and landing face-down on the couch; her blonde hair fanning out around her."Yeah," said Zabini, chuckling with the rest of the first-years, and a few other onlookers. "It was kind of hilarious.""You taking this up with your father?" Nott asked Draco, who shrugged. "Someone needs to answer for why there's a troll right where we live, almost.""That's the Headmaster's duty," said Draco. "So let's hope Harry's role-model actually does his job this time."Harry, meanwhile, was trying to get Daphne up from the couch. But the more he started shaking her, the more she started giggling – much to Harry's bemusement."Just leave her there," said Pansy, who'd grown up with Daphne's occasional theatrics. "Not our fault if she misses dinner from acting childish."There was a loud scraping of chairs and plates as the Slytherins helped themselves to the food that had been set up from the feast. Sure, it wasn't quite the same as dining in the huge, extravagant Great Hall that night – but it was still a lively occasion nonetheless; far better than anything Harry had experienced at number four, Privet Drive, at least.As they entered November the weather turned cold enough to the point where Daphne described it as being 'Baltic'. The mountains around Hogwarts became icy grey, the lake chilled like steel, and the grounds became covered in frost. And then, for some students, there was the occasional condensation which needed to be wiped from their glasses, as was the case for Harry and Tracey."This is so irritating," Tracey told Harry on Monday afternoon, while wiping her glasses en route to Charms. "Dad used to do this spell that helps, but I can't remember it.""I'll ask Professor Flitwick. Don't worry."That spell ended up being the Impervius Charm, which Professor Flitwick was happy to instruct Harry and Tracey on after class. However, as neither of the students achieved a successful attempt by the end of their lesson, Professor Flitwick extended his offer to biweekly tuition for the rest of the month. 'The more practice, the merrier' – he'd said, and Harry agreed. You could never learn enough magic at the best school in the world.From spells to brooms, Harry's interests swung like a pendulum as the Quidditch season began. One minute he was studying and practising the Impervius Charm, and the next minute he was taking a seat in the stands, watching Team Slytherin's practice. Marcus drilled the boys hard on tactics until the stadium began filling up with unwanted guests, at which point Team Slytherin switched to doing some generic form of practice. The less that was seen by their opponents, the better – as it stood with any sports team in the world.On the second Saturday of November Teams Gryffindor and Slytherin set out for their first game of the season. Both sides were said to be fielding a decent line-up; and although the Gryffindors had struggled to fill the gap left behind by Charles Weasley, the match was still anyone's for the taking – it seemed."So tell me," Yasmin said to Harry, while descending the frosty slopes after breakfast, "how does the match score get converted to house points?""The goal tally's divided by three and then rounded off, and fifty points to whoever catches the Snitch."Yasmin smiled. "Memory like an elephant. Good. So let's say Gryffindor scores ten goals while we score three but catch the Snitch. What'll that be?""Erm, ten goals is a hundred – so that'll be thirty-three points for them. Three goals makes thirty, so that'll be ten plus fifty from the Snitch. Sixty for us.""Close isn't it?" Yasmin said. "So you can see how the whole team needs to do well in the end, even if the Seeker gets a big chunk of points."The stadium was packed with hundreds of students, some staff, and even a portion of visitors who'd come to watch the match. Banners of red and gold flashed here and there across the Gryffindor stands, while the Slytherin crowd displayed their own assortment of flags and banners, one of which was made by Harry and the girls."Hello, and welcome to the first match of the season!" said the commentator sitting alongside Professor McGonagall in their podium. "I'm Lee Jordan, and today it's time to see whether Gryffindor or Slytherin – the Lions or the Snakes – has what it takes to seize the opening win ..."Harry, who'd joined some of his classmates in the top row, brought his binoculars to his eyes and surveyed the staff's section of the stands. "Hey, where's Big Boss?""Who?" Pansy asked."Professor Dumbledore," Harry said. "How come he's not watching?"Susan giggled, and said, "Maybe he's just too busy with more important stuff? And you'd better not call him that silly name, Harry.""That's what he is," Harry said. "The Big Boss of Hogwarts.""... and here comes Team Gryffindor!" Jordan said over the magical megaphone in his hand. "Captain and Keeper Oliver Wood leads the way, followed by Chasers Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet, and the ever-so-attractive Angelina Johnson –" (Jordan was glared at by Professor McGonagall) "er, sorry about that, Professor. Right, there's Beaters Fred and George Weasley – hard to tell which is which, but they'll whack your team and help us to the Snitch. And last but not least we have Gryffindor's new Seeker, Kenneth Towler. Get 'em, Ken!""Five classmates on the same team, and one on the megaphone?" Draco said to Daphne beside him. "Ridiculous.""And there's the Slytherins," said Jordan, as seven boys emerged from their tunnel. "Captain and Chaser Marcus Flint leads the way, followed by fellow Quaffle-heads Adrian Pucey and Cassius Warrington. There's Seeker Terence Higgs, Keeper Miles Bletchley, and Beaters Peregrine Derrick and Lucian Bole."The teams positioned themselves in the centre of the pitch, where Madam Hooch oversaw the captains' handshake before throwing up the Quaffle."And they're off!" Jordan said over his magical megaphone, as fourteen players plus Madam Hooch rose into the air. "Quaffle's set free and taken by Johnson, who passes to Alicia Spinnet – an excellent find of Oliver Wood's. Spinnet rounds the clueless Flint and speeds down the left flank – which is Slytherin's right. Pucey and Warrington coming in hot from either side, but Spinnet drops the Quaffle to Katie –"WHAM."Oh!" Jordan and the Gryffindor crowd both groaned. "Bludger from Derrick knocks Bell off course and causes her to drop the Quaffle. Quaffle taken by Flint who goes speeding down the right. Bludger sent by Weasley. Deflected by Bole. Other Weasley chasing down the second Bludger. And now the Slytherin Chasers are heading down their right flank!"Quidditch was unlike anything Harry had ever seen. His mouth hung open as he moved his binoculars from one player to another, trying to follow the movements of the Quaffle. Like a reddish blur it zipped from Chaser to Chaser in the air; from Flint to Pucey, then stolen by Johnson. Then came a Bludger from Bole, which was blocked by one of the Weasley twins."Johnson's moving in to battle Bletchley at the hoops!" said Jordan. "Remember that only one attacking-Chaser can enter the scoring zone at a time. Johnson goes left, shoots ... SCORES past Bletchley to make it ten-zero in favour of Gryffindor!"Gryffindor cheers filled the stadium like a tidal wave of noise, while the Slytherins groaned out loud."Slytherin in possession as Keeper Bletchley retrieves the Quaffle after Johnson's goal. Bletchley passes to Flint, who rolls away from that Bludger and passes to Warrington. It's Comet Two Sixty against Cleansweep Five as Warrington outspeeds Spinnet down the middle. Warrington passes to Pucey. Pucey ducks Bell and Johnson as he switches to the left flank. Pucey getting dangerously close to Wood! Weasleys heading for that Bludger but it's too late as Pucey shoots ... SAVED BY OLIVER WOOD!"From time to time, Harry lost sight of the action and ended up having to scan all over the place. It was no wonder Lee Jordan was allowed to commentate despite his bias, as he was rather good at his role. Jordan's commentary kept you right in the game, which Harry caught sight of once Alicia Spinnet had scored through the right hoop."Twenty-zero to the Lions so far! Excellent!" Jordan said. "Slytherin in possession again. Bletchley to Pucey. Pucey to Warrington. Bludger coming in from Weasley but deflected by Bole towards – WHAM! – Spinnet in the centre! Spinnet's unable to stop Flint from soaring down the middle. Flint heading in for goal ... shoots ... SAVED BY WOO –"WHACK. Oliver Wood had taken one hell of a Bludger from Bole to the gut (the Gryffindors yelled in protest) and was now hanging on for dear life from his broom."Argh, damn it!" said Jordan, slamming his first on his desk. "That's perfectly legal if the Quaffle's within the scoring area, which it is. Flint seizes the loose Quaffle, ducks beneath Bell from the right. Shoots ... and obviously scores with no-one to guard the hoops. Twenty-ten still in favour of Gryffindor."The match carried on as – back and forth, and sometimes in one direction – both teams launched their attacks, defended, and counterattacked when necessary. The Beaters were particularly vicious in the air, with both pairs working in sync against each other."And that's another Bludger from Derrick and Bole blocked by Fred and George!" said Jordan. "One of them's chasing down the second Bludger as Bell goes for goal ..."And then it happened. One of the Weasley twins smashed a Bludger at Bletchley, which went off-target and was now streaking towards ... Harry? Indeed, the speck of iron grew bigger by the millisecond in Harry's binoculars, and Harry barely had time to think as he (and those nearby) ducked out of their seats."WHOA!" said Jordan. "Fred, George – whoever – did you lift, mate? That was one sick Bludger right there! Look! It's zipped right over those Slytherins' heads and left the stadium!"A time-out was called as Madam Hooch put herself between the furious teams yelling at each other in the air. On the one side were Marcus and his boys hurling what were likely insults, and on the other side were the defensive Gryffindors doing pretty much the same. Meanwhile, as the Gryffindor crowd kept on cheering, the Slytherins were fuming at the close call over their seats."Harry!" Susan said, as she and the others returned to their seats slightly shaken. "Are you OK? I can't believe a Weasley would do something like that!""I can," said Draco down below. "What a pig!""They should send him off right now!" Pansy said, to which many Slytherins agreed. "I've never seen a Bludger whacked so hard before!"Harry, however, focused his binoculars on the Weasley twin who started speaking (or rather, almost pleading) with Madam Hooch. The former made all sorts of swinging gestures before Madam Hooch blew into her silver whistle, right when the Bludger finally returned and carried on zooming around the pitch as usual."Looks like it's a penalty for Slytherin, then," said Jordan, and the Gryffindor crowd booed. "Flint flies forward to take it. Wood's ready at the posts. Flint goes right – Wood goes left to block him. Flint rolls left – Wood goes right. Flint takes a desperate shot to the middle!" Jordan groaned. "And it's through the hoops, making it twenty-twenty!"WHACK. And the Slytherins laughed as Gryffindor's Seeker took a Bludger to the side while cruising past the sea of green and silver."OH NO!" Jordan yelled. "Towler's down after taking a nasty Dopplebeater Defence from Derrick and Bole! That was a cheap shot, you dirty –""Jordan!" Professor McGonagall could be heard yelling in the background."And the Quaffle's passed from Spinnet to Bell as our girls make their way down the middle. Angelina Johnson's bringing up the rear" – Jordan gave a slight snort that sounded like a laugh – "and takes the backpass from Bell. Johnson rounds the oncoming Pucey and keeps the Quaffle out of Warrington's reach. Johnson throws it up to Spinnet above ..."Gryffindor continued to launch one attack after another at the Slytherins, who conceded two goals before finally making their way up the pitch. Then came a couple more goals from either side, followed by Kenneth Towler spotting the Golden Snitch."And here we go, people!" Jordan said. "We're still on sixty-forty in favour of Gryffindor as the battle for the Snitch gets underway!"This was the moment which Harry had been looking forward to the most. He kept his binoculars fixed upon the two Seekers jostling each other in the air. They shot down the right side of the pitch and climbed when the Snitch pulled up, Meanwhile, Jordan's commentary kept the crowd up to date on matters elsewhere, as he said,"Towler's gaining on it but looks to be feeling the effects of that earlier Bludger," Jordan said. "Oh, looks like Flint's passed to Pucey. Pucey going forward. He shoots ... SAVED by Wood and collected by Spinnet on the rebound! Spinnet heading down the right. Spinnet lobs it out of Warrington's reach to Bell! Bell to Johnson down the middle ..."Johnson's run (or rather, flight) ended in a Gryffindor goal by Spinnet, which was followed by a Slytherin attack stopped by two Bludger-shots midway down the pitch. From there, the Gryffindors launched their counterattack as Alicia Spinnet sped down the left wing."Spinnet's passed Flint on the left! She's cutting in towards the left hoop, shoots ... SAVED by Bletchley! Slytherin in possession as – OH NO! TOWLER'S WHACKED! HIGGS'S GAINING ON THE SNITCH! WEASLEY BLUDGER COMING IN! BLOCKED BY BOLE ... IT'S CAUGHT! HIGGS'S CAUGHT IT! Nooooo!"Though their numbers were nowhere near the thousands, the Slytherin crowd let loose a yell of celebration which sounded surprisingly similar to those football games Harry had heard on TV. Over a hundred students jumped up and yelled "YEEEEAAAAAH!" while doing all sorts of celebrations. Everything was a blur of green and silver wherever you looked within the crowd, and Harry didn't know what to do besides join in on the hopping and yelling."We won!" Susan yelled beside Harry. "We won! We won! We won! We won! WE WOOOON!""WOOHOOOOO!" Pansy shouted, hugging Tracey as they both danced up and down on their seats."Take that, Gryffindor scum!" Draco yelled. He kept on hurling insults as if the rows of red could somehow hear him. "Dumb losers! Pathetic! Poor! We're the best!""Better than all the rest!" Nott said while hopping and cheering alongside Crabbe, Goyle, and Zabini.And then there was Daphne, who leaped onto her seat and started hopping and cheering with Harry. It was the best kind of madness that Harry could have hoped for that morning, although the same could not be said of Lee Jordan in his podium."Yes, yes, congratulations, Team Slytherin. Today's match ends on a hundred and ninety to seventy. We'll get 'em next time."Elsewhere, the seven big boys in green were flying around the pitch in a lap of honour, although it seemed more like a lap of dishonour as they mainly did it to mock the Gryffindors. Marcus led the way in cheering and then guffawing as the team passed by the booing red-crowd, and not even Harry could resist chortling at the antics while watching through his binoculars."Is that really necessary?" Harry asked, after having had a good laugh."Yep," said Pansy beside him. "Because they're losers. Quite literally so today."Harry did the maths regarding the House Championship as they left the stadium. Team Slytherin had been on forty points before the Snitch was caught, making it thirteen points earned from the Quaffle action. And when combined with Higgs's successful capture of the Snitch, it meant that Slytherin had earned a total of sixty-three house points from the match, (while Gryffindor scored twenty-three rubies in their hourglass)."P - p - p - partaaaayyyyyy!" Pansy almost shouted on the way up the slopes, and Tracey frowned at her."Why are you stuttering like that? Are you trying to be Quirrell?""No," said Pansy, ignoring the giggling around her. "I just wanted to say it so, OK? Let's have a party. There'd better be desserts with golden syrup there.""I still prefer honey," said Tracey.It took a while for some of the older students to set things up, especially considering that the Quidditch game was succeeded by lunch. So at around two o'clock that day, Harry and the rest of the Slytherins returned to find their common room filled with jam rolls, sweet rolls, chocolate éclairs, chicken platters, and all sorts of other delights. No wonder hardly any of the Slytherins ate anything at lunch."This apple juice is mine," Marcus said, swiping away the glass jug that Pansy had just picked up from the nearest table. Pansy, on the other hand, stomped her foot, went red in the face, and started tearing up while throwing a tantrum."I was here first! I'm gonna tell Auntie Maggie" (Marcus's mother, Magdalene) "that you were mean to me! You couldn't even score that many goals! And you were outplayed by a bunch of girls!"Marcus laughed, even more so as Daphne balled her fists and put herself between Marcus and Pansy."You're acting like a proper wool, you know that?""A what?" Marcus asked, although he didn't care. "Quit acting like babies, man.""Yeah, don't be so rude," Susan told Pansy at the table. "No need to insult his Quidditch performance."Marcus's fellow Chaser Cassius Warrington (a burly, short-haired boy whom some of the Gryffindors had likened to a sloth) came striding over from one of the corner tables. He was quick in his step and arrived in no time to check out the action. "She's got a point about those Chasers, though.""Yeah, well," – Marcus shrugged – "beginner's luck for Spinnet, I guess. Anyway, forget the less-than-expected score and focus on the fact that we won." He turned to address the rest of the crowd, and said, "Watch how we slam Flitwick's boys and girls next!"Cheers and whistles echoed around the common room."He always does something like that at functions," Pansy told Harry at the table. "One time, he deliberately took a peanut cluster right when I was going for it. Enough is enough. It's not funny."If Harry wasn't hiding the fact that his family were a bunch of selfish swine, he'd have mentioned Dudley doing the same to him at home. But, as it stood, Harry simply told Pansy that Marcus wasn't the worst that Harry had seen. "Please calm down, OK? He's just joking, believe me."Right when Pansy was about to retort, Harry saw the female seventh-year prefect – Virginia Abberton – arrive on-scene. She was slightly tanned, had shoulder-length brown hair, and was of average height and stature."Flint, apologise to Parkinson for doing something so childishly stupid.""What?" Marcus snorted, and then said, "Fine, OK. It was just a stupid, dumb joke."Pansy beamed, and was then reprimanded by Prefect Abberton."And you, crybaby, had better apologise for throwing tantrums and yelling unnecessary insults at the captain.""Sorry," Pansy muttered, biting her lip and fidgeting with her fingers. "Won't happen again."On that note, Prefect Abberton whipped out her wand and cast some sort of spell that duplicated the jug of apple juice (many students nodded and whispered to one another at this feat). "One for you, and one for him, even though there's more than enough already. Now stop acting like muppets.""Well said, Ginny," said Prefect Reginald Vance, Abberton's counterpart. "Back to the partying, people. We sure showed those Lions, didn't we?"Daphne, meanwhile, went up to Prefect Abberton and asked (very politely) if the latter could make her a bowl of meat stew, to which Prefect Abberton smiled."If I could, then yes. But unfortunately, food happens to be the first of the five Principal Exceptions to Gamp's Law of Elemental Transfiguration." (Daphne, and many students around her, simply stared in confusion) "Meaning there's a set law, tried and tested over the years, against making food from nothing. You can summon it, increase it, etc., but not create it ... got it?"Daphne nodded, her mouth still hanging open a centimetre or two following the long explanation.The party continued throughout the afternoon until dinner, when the Slytherins went up to the Great Hall and somewhat carried on where they left off – minus the noise and partying. It was a great day on the whole, with the only nagging thought for Harry being that usually powerful Bludger-shot from one of the Weasley twins. Few, if any, students seemed to be discussing it at this point, although Harry couldn't shake the feeling that something wasn't quite right; a suspicion that was shared by Hermione outside the library the next morning."Only the strongest Beaters could perhaps reach the crowd from where George Weasley swung," she said. "I mean, if he'd been much more closer to your stands and hit the Bludger with – as opposed to against – its direction of travel, maybe then it could've gone that far. But you're right. It was suspicious.""Then how come nobody else's talking about it?"Hermione shrugged, and carried on walking while carrying her excess books in her arms. "Maybe because there's no point in repeating the same story over and over? It was a big deal in our common room yesterday, but not anymore."In that case, Harry shrugged it off (for now) and carried on with his day. Surely there were more important things to worry about than an unusual Bludger-shot, right? Such as ploughing through his homework, going for a bit of supervised flying, as well as keeping up with his studies – especially when it came to Transfiguration. Whatever that spell was that Prefect Abberton had performed on Pansy's juice, Harry just knew that he had to learn it someday.The prospect of multiplying his food was something that Harry had dreamed of during his days at the Dursleys, especially while lying in his cupboard-bedroom beneath the stairs.
