Disclaimer: Hey Peeps! Thanks for deciding to read my book, I don't really know how disclaimer works so... yeah. I don't own any of the Harry Potter characters or universe, this is just for fun! I'm going to base this story off the movies.Enjoy! And please send feedback, I really enjoy it and it helps improve my writing!PrologueRemus sat in the waiting room of St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. Both of his hands were running through his messy hair and his breath was quickened. This couldn't be happening. Not only a few hours ago, he had received a call from the hospital telling him an old lover of his, Carla Helson, who'd he'd met shortly before graduating from Hogwarts was pregnant and currently in labor.At first Remus didn't understand the importance of the call, so he said he wished her luck and was about to hang up when the nurse replied. "Sir? Don't you want to come and see?"Remus scratched his head. Why was she asking this? He was neither friend nor family. The last time he'd seen Carla was when they'd broken up and she'd said she never wanted to see him again. "I'm not sure she'd want me there-""I think you might want to come... her chances of survival are low.""I'm sure she'd just want her family or the father there." There was silence on the other end of the line. "Hello?""Sir..." The nurse's voice was careful as if she was unsure how to respond. "Sir, you're the father."At that moment Remus had dropped the phone and it landed on the ground with a sharp crack. A million thoughts ran through his head. How? What? Why? The whole world seemed to go quiet, all he could hear was the thumping of his heart. "Sir? Sir?" The small voice vibrated from his cracked phone. He picked it up, his hands shaking. "I'm coming. I'll be there soon."Now he sat in the waiting room, ringing his shaking hands nervously. Why hadn't Carla told him? He wished she had told him, but at the same time he wished she hadn't. He was such an idiot. How could he have been so stupid. He should never had taken Sirius' advice when he'd told him to find a woman and settle, as if he could do that with his... condition.A condition he might've passed down his child, who would most likely grow up without a mother. That child would be hated, and would live in poverty his whole life. "Mr Lupin?" A doctor walked in. Remus noticed he kept his distance, completely aware of who and what he was. He stood up quietly. "This way." The doctor led him to a room. On the bed, looking tired and weak, almost even dead-like, was Carla. Standing at her side was her mother and father, Mrs and Mr Helson.Mr Helson shot Remus a glare that made the werewolf want to dig a hole and bury himself in it. "What's he doing here?" Mr Helson growled taking a step forward, but stopping once Carla fragile hand touched his. Mrs Helson was holding a handkerchief to her eyes, trying to stop from bursting into tears. "It's okay Daddy, I asked him to be here." Her voice was dry and croaky.Remus took a step forward towards Carla's bed. Despite how they'd left things a few month ago, Carla smiled. "Hello you fur-brained mongrel." Remus forced a smile, but his eyes were sad and full of guilt. Mr Helson shoved past Remus, towards the doctor. The two talked in hushed whispers. "Carla I'm... I am so sorry." He apologized, holding her pale, bony hand."Don't be," she smiled. "I've giving birth to a beautiful baby boy."The reply didn't make Remus feel any better, in fact it made him feel worse. Carla, as well as her parents knew of his lycanthropy and he had no idea how to ask the question that was on all of their minds. Had he passed down his condition to his son? Carla's breathing suddenly became quick and shallow. The doctor walked forward towards the two parents holding a clipboard. "I'm afraid," he began sighing. "I'm afraid that part of Mr Lupin's lycanthropy gene was passed down to your son.""What do you mean part?" Mr Helson said, refusing to even look at the werewolf or his dying daughter."The baby is only half werewolf, I don't know what that means exactly. It's never happened before..."Carla looked down sadly but then put on a brave face. "May I see him?" She asked, her eyes dropping further. Her heart monitor was slowing rapidly. The doctor nodded, leaving the room and returning with a small infant, wrapped in a soft blue blanket. He handed the child to his mother who smiled brightly. Her cold finger touched the child's cheek lovingly.A few strands of light brown hair poked out from his soft head and his small green eyes blinked in the sunlight. "He looks like you, Remus." Carla whispered, holding her son protectively in her arms. Mr and Mrs Helson looked at them, but showed no wanting to meet their grandson. "His name is-" Carla had to stop and take in a few unstable breaths, the life was slipping out of her fast. "His name- His name is Tesdon." She finally said. "Tesdon 'Teddy' Lupin."Remus couldn't help but smile, ever so slightly. But that smile vanished when Carla closed her eyes and took her last breath. The room went quiet. Mrs Helson was the first one to move as she took her grandson from Carla's arms. Remus looked down, away from the lifeless body. Because of him, Carla was gone."We're not keeping it!" Mr Helson's gruff voice snapped him out of his trance and he glanced up. Mrs Helson held young Teddy but showed no motherly love of any kind. She held it as if it was a burden she couldn't wait to be rid of. Remus sighed, this was how his son was going to be treated for the rest of his life. The doctor looked at the baby, taking it from Mrs Helson's arms. "We can put it up for adoption, unless the father wishes to take him?"All eyes were on Remus who shook his head. "No, I'm not fit for looking after I child. I have no home, I can barely hold a job. It's better he goes to a family that can support him." The doctor walked forward holding out Teddy, in case Remus wanted to hold his son one last time. But he didn't even glance at the infant, instead he walked out of the room, holding back tears of regret and pain. Behind him he heard Mr Helson rambling on in his usual gruff tone."That thing shall never be family... I don't want anything to do with it..." Remus apperated back to the sketchy hut he called home, for the time being. He sat on his bed, a half packed suitcase at his side. Because of him an innocent woman was dead and a child will forever be hated by the world and would have a life of poverty waiting for him. "I'm so sorry Carla." He mumbled.Hope you enjoyed the prologue!I've always loved JK's name, Teddy Lupin, and I just happen to have a cousin named Tesdon.So I thought, why not?I will be updating soon!

Hi Readers!Don't forget to give some feedback. It really helps.I think I've rewritten this chapter about five times before finally getting it right.Enjoy!Chapter 1- Who is he? -13 years later..."Teddy! In here!" Teddy turned around and smiled when he saw Ron calling him towards their compartment. Dark circles hung under the boy's eyes and a bandaged covered a scratch on his shoulder. "How did it go? The full moon I mean. That was three days ago right?" Ron asked curiously.Teddy was about to reply when he noticed the strange man that was leaning against the window. He appeared to be asleep but Teddy wanted to be sure. It wasn't a secret that Teddy had part of the werewolf gene, the whole school knew, but even then he wasn't comfortable talking about it in front of a stranger. "Is he-""He's asleep... I think" Hermione said shrugging and Teddy nodded, sitting by the window, exactly opposite from the man."Who is he?" He asked in a half whisper, so not to wake him."Professor R.J. Lupin." The smart witch replied. Teddy zoned out as Ron began to complain about how Hermione knew everything. A strange feeling had crossed Teddy, it had started from the minute he'd entered the compartment and then increased when he heard the professor's name. It was a feeling of familiarity, as if he knew this person, or should know him. The name was familiar but he couldn't guess why."Do you think he's really asleep?" Harry asked."I think so." Teddy leaned slightly, but could hardly see the man's face, which was covered by his cloak. "Why?""I gotta tell you guys something." Harry closed the door to the compartment. Teddy listened intently as Harry explained what he'd learnt. "So let me get this straight," Ron said, a little flustered. "Sirius Black escaped for Azkaban... to come after you?""Yeah." Harry nodded, adjusting his glasses and wiping his forehead, revealing his lightning shaped scar."But they'll catch Black won't they? I mean everyone's looking for him." Teddy said, trying to reassure his friend."Sure," Ron shrugged but looked doubtful. "Except no one's broken out of Azkaban before, and he's a murderous, raving lunatic.""Thanks Ron." Harry said sarcastically. Suddenly the train came to a sudden stop, so hard that Teddy nearly fell on Professor Lupin. "Why have we stopped?" He asked."We can't be there yet." Hermione said, trying to get up to peer outside the compartment door, then the train wobbled again, forcing his to stumble back into her seat."What's happening?" Ron's panicked voice said.Harry clutched onto the seat. "I don't know.""Maybe we've broken down? It wouldn't be the first time, one the train broke down, they arrived at Hogwarts the next day and-" Teddy never finished his sentence as the lights went out. There was a shuffling and Teddy winced. "Ouch! Ron that was my foot!"Ron had crawled over Teddy and was staring out the window. Outside it was pitch black and rain was falling heavily on the window. "There's something moving out there." His voice wavered and Teddy could see why. The edges of the windows were beginning to... freeze? "I think... someone's coming aboard."The train shook once again and Ron screamed. "Bloody hell! What's happening?" No responded, the train had gone deathly silent. The window was covered in a murky layer of ice and a cold chill had entered their compartment. Teddy felt a sharp pit in the depths of his stomach. He didn't know how to explain what he was feeling. It was as if the happiness had been sucked out of him and was replaced by feelings of fear, anger and loneliness.Click!The lock on the compartment flicked open making Teddy jump and freeze. Behind the door a shadow figure hovered above the ground, covered completely in a long black cloak. The creature hovered into the compartment, looking at them one at a time. It appeared to be leaving before its eyes fell on Harry. Well, more like when he faced Harry. The creature's eyes couldn't be seen as they too were covered by the cloak.There was a terrifying breathing noise as if the creatures was taking a long raspy breath. Harry had gone ridged and was shaking violently, grunting softly. The creature floated closer to Harry, who had turned extremely pale. Suddenly, Teddy noticed the man move slightly. His green eyes flicked open and he stood up and pointed his wand at the creature.A wave of light shot out from the tip slamming into the creature sending it flying away. The light was so bright that Teddy covered his eyes from the glare, he heard a thump as Harry fell to the floor unconscious.Soon the lights were back on and the train was moving. The man had sat opposite the unconscious Harry, trying to wake him. Now that Teddy could see his face, the feeling of familiarity increased. Where had he seen this man's face before? "Harry. Harry are you alright?" Hermoine said as Harry regained consciousness.Teddy silently scolded himself. Here he was, wondering where he'd seen this man's face before, will his friend was lying on the ground, looking as pale as death. "Here, eat this." Professor Lupin said, holding out a small block of chocolate. "It's all right, it's chocolate." Harry took it yet didn't take a bite. Professor Lupin began to hand out chocolate to the others.Teddy noticed that Professor Lupin looked at him strangely, as if he too seemed to recognise Teddy from somewhere. The Professor plastered on a warm smile and handed him the chocolate. "What was that thing?" Teddy asked, taking a bite of the chocolate and almost groaned at the warm feeling that grew from his chest."That was a Dementor. One of the guards of Azkaban. It's gone now.""What did it want?""It was most likely searching the train for Sirius Black. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to have a little word with the driver." He got up and moved to the door, he turned around and noticed that, besides Teddy, the others were yet to eat their chocolate. "Eat. You'll feel better." Then he left. Teddy watched him go but again mentally kicked himself, for not helping Harry."What happened to me?""Well, you sort of went rigid." Ron explained. "We thought you were having a fit or something.""And did you guys... you know... pass out?""No," Teddy shook his head. "I felt weird though, as if all my happiness was taken away from me.""But someone was screaming, a woman." Harry sat up, nibbling on his chocolate.The three friends looked at each other before glancing back at Harry. "No one was screaming Harry."Teddy leaned against the window, his eyes tired and drooping. They were about an hour away from the school now and Teddy took that chance to rest his head and fall asleep. Although his transformation was four days ago, he was still tired and soar many days afterwards. He was asleep by the time Professor Lupin returned and quietly sat down opposite Teddy. "I see your friend's all tuckered out." He grinned, his tired eyes shining."Teddy's always tired after-" Ron began but Hermione's elbow dug into his side. "Ow!""Ron!" She said through gritted teeth."What? He's probably going to find out anyway." He whispered."It's not for us to tell." She hissed, glancing at the Professor. But he didn't seem to be listening, in fact he was lost in thought. "Teddy... what's his last name?""He doesn't have one." Ron said, stuffing the last of the chocolate in his mouth."He's an orphan sir." Harry explained and Lupin was quiet for the rest of the trip.The others had awoken Teddy a few minutes before they arrived, giving him time to change into his robes. When he had woken Professor was no where to be seen, had he come back? He ignored the thought and climbed into the carriages, drawn by non-existent horses and rode towards the castle. Teddy was excited, he couldn't wait to finally sit down in the warm hall and feast to his heart's content. The only problem was that he wasn't allowed to sit next to his friend's, at least not for the first dinner.Not because of his lycanthropy, but because he wasn't a Gryffindor, he was a Ravenclaw. Because of this he couldn't visit him friend's in each others common rooms and couldn't sit with them during the first and last feast of the year. Worst of all was that he couldn't even sit near his friends, due to the Hufflepuff table between them.Teddy sadly said his goodbye's before sitting at the Ravenclaw table. As usual the other Ravenclaw's would sit at least one seat away from him, only one dared to sit near him. "Good afternoon Teddy." Luna Lovegood greeted. "You look awful." He just smiled slightly and nodded, glancing up at the staff's table. Professor Lupin was sitting next to Professor Snape who refused to even glance in his direction. Professor Lupin was talking with one of the other Professors."You okay Teddy. You've been staring at the Professor for a while now." Luna interrupted his thoughts."Huh? Oh, sorry I was just-" The doors to the Great Hall opened and all the first years came wandering in, led by Professor McGonagall. A few minutes later they'd all been sorted into their houses. Teddy listened in on the conversations between the Ravenclaw seniors and first years. He heard a series of introductions, questions and quiet whispers of delight. Among all the conversations he noticed the first years looking at him, while the seniors whispered in their ears.Great. He'd been at Hogwarts for two years now and he was still one of the school's hottest topics."Remus," Dumbledore spoke and the young Professor looking up smiling. The Headmaster gestured for him to follow. The two walked into a room where they could be alone. "Is something wrong Professor?" Remus asked nervously.Maybe the Headmaster had reconsidered his idea to ask him to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts? After all, the only reason Remus had agreed to do take on the position was because of the endless supply of Wolfbane potions he'd been promised."Not at all Remus." Dumbledore raised a hand to calm him. "I wanted to thank you for your actions on the train.""Oh," Remus was going to defend himself, saying he didn't deserve his thanks but Dumbledore continued."I'm aware that you met one of your third year students, Teddy." Remus gut churned and he pushed away his suspicion."Yes, I did."Dumbledore gave him a knowing glance as if he could read his thoughts. "I apologize Remus, I didn't tell you everything when I asked you the position of Professor."Remus tugged at his coat subconsciously. "What do you mean?""Teddy... isn't one of our normal students." The wise man began stroking his long snow white beard. "Like you, he has the lycanthropy gene." Remus sighed, feeling sorry for the kid, who would be going through the same trauma he did when he was young. "And, I was hoping that you could-""That I could keep an eye on him." Remus finished his sentence and Dumbledore nodded. "Of course Professor. Do you wish me to accompany him to the Shrieking Shake when needed?" Because of the Wolfbane potions he was promised, Remus planned to shift in his office and stay there for the night, but he guessed that Teddy would go to the shack."That won't be necessary as he has no need of the shack.""What? Do you keep him somewhere else?""Yes... and no. Due to parent and student complaints, Teddy has been given him on room on the opposite side of the castle, closest to the Dark Forest.""But... if parents are complaining then...""Everyone here knows of his lycanthropy, I informed them when Teddy first came to Hogwarts."Remus thought Dumbledore was insane. Sure Teddy wouldn't have to worry about hiding his condition, but wouldn't it be safer if other didn't know. "Sir-""He only carries part of the lycanthropy gene Remus. He can control himself even after his transformation. On full moons we lock his door, his room is filled with charms to keep him in and others out."Remus' gut dropped again. In the back of his mind he was connecting the dots and he feared what it meant. "He's... not a full werewolf?""I know the question that you refuse to ask Remus, so I will answer it. Teddy's full name is Tesdon 'Teddy' Lupin, he's your son and no, he doesn't know who you are." Remus had to sit down. "This is what I regretted not telling you. I will completely understand if you want to leave-""No." He replied, looking into the fire. "No, I ran away from him once. I won't make the same mistake again." Dumbledore smiled, placing a hand on the Professor's shoulder. The fire crackled, casting weird shadows across the wall. The Headmaster walked towards the door, half opening it. "I'd better go address the students and introduce them to our newest Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher."

Thank you so much for your beautiful comments!I've enjoyed writing this book so much.(P.s for those of you who asked, I will be continuing my Shadowhunter story soon, just going through some writers block currently.)Enjoy!Chapter 2- Dorms -Teddy had been skimming over Luna's book as she tried explaining what Nargles were, when out of the corner of his eye he noticed to empty seats at the staff table. "Hey Luna, where did Dumbledore and Professor Lupin go?""Not sure." She replied but as soon as she finished I saw both men walking back into the Great Hall. Dumbledore seemed to be preparing to address the students while Professor Lupin took his seat. He looked slightly pale but he continued to smile at the students. "Welcome, welcome to another year at Hogwarts!" The students went silent. "Now, I'd like to say a few words, before we all become to befuddled by our excellent feast. First, I'm please to welcome Professor R.J. Lupin, who's kindly consented to fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Good luck Professor."Professor Lupin stood up and did a small welcoming bow as the students clapped in welcome. Suddenly I heard a whisper coming from the Slytherin table. Malfoy was grinning at Harry. "Potter," he whispered with a smug smile. "Is it true you fainted? I mean, you actually fainted?" One of the other Slytherin boys did an over dramatic faint and Teddy gritted his teeth. "Leave him alone, Malfoy."The Slytherin boy just giggled and Teddy turned to look at Harry, mouthing the words. "Just ignore him.""Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher has decided to retire in order to spend more time with his remaining limbs." Dumbledore continued. "Fortunately, I'm delighted to announce that his place will be taken by none other than our own Rubeus Hagrid." The students, mostly from the Gryffindor table, cheered and even whistled in applaud. The half-giant stood up nearly knocking over the table as he did so.Dumbledore put on a serious face. "Finally, on a more disquieting note at the request of the Ministry of Magic, Hogwarts will, until further notice, play host to the Dementors of Azkaban," I straightened, remembering the chilling cold and loneliness I'd felt back on the train when that... creature, had turned up. "Until such a time as Sirius Black is captured."I heard a few Ravenclaw's whispering tales of what had happened on the train, none were as terrifying as his though. "The Dementors will be stationed at every entrance to the grounds. Now whilst I've been assured that their presence will not disrupt our day-to-day activities, a word of caution. Dementors are vicious creatures. They'll not distinguish between the one they hunt and the one who gets in their way." A pit grew in Teddy's stomach."Therefore, I must warn each and every one of you, to give them no reason to harm you. It is not in the nature of a Dementor to be forgiving. But you know, happiness can be found... even in the darkest of times. If one only remembers to turn on the light." With a swift movement of his hand, the feast began and in a few seconds, the light, happy mood had returned. Except for Teddy, who looked over at his friends. They look equally as shaken as he felt.Teddy couldn't find Ron, Harry or Hermione as the students all ran out of the Great Hall towards their dorms. So sadly he watched the Ravenclaws go towards the fifth floor where they would climb a spiral staircase before reaching a door with no handle or keyhole. They would use a bronze knocker in the shape of an eagle, then the door will ask them a riddle. If they answered correctly they'd be allowed inside a large circular common room, with a ceiling covered in flashing stars. Portraits of famous previous Ravenclaw's would greet them respectively. Students would glance out the arched windows at the beautiful fields, relax on blue and golden couches before walking into their dorms and chatting among themselves.Maybe they'd have a dorm party? Where they'd play games, each strange treats and tells funny stories.Teddy, on the other hand, walked down towards the Ground level, heading towards his dorm which once was Filch, the cranky caretaker's, old office. The door was enchanted so that it'd only open if Teddy or teacher was present. As he neared he traced the stone wall with his finger. At the end of the corridor there was another door, that led to the Dark Forest.He heard footsteps behind him but didn't turn around as he walked towards his room. "Teddy." He turned around find Professor Lupin walking towards him."Professor Lupin." Teddy said cautiously. Had the Professor been informed about his lycanthropy? Remus had followed Teddy from the Great Hall, desperate to talk to his son properly. But now that he'd caught up with him, he had no idea what to say. What would someone say in this situation?Hey Ted, I'm your father and I gave you up to the orphanage after your mother died and your grandparents refused to take care of you. By the way guess what? I'm a werewolf too?Yeah, no."Wanted to see if you okay after what happened on the train. Is this your room?" He looked at the door, he hadn't even seen the inside of the room but he could tell it was nothing compared to the other house dorms."Yeah." Teddy blushed as if he was embarrassed. "I'm guessing you know then."Remus nodded. "Dumbledore just told me.""I hope that it doesn't... I mean... change anything-""Of course not!" He replied a little too quickly before clearing his throat awkwardly. "Actually, I didn't want to just talk about the train." Teddy looked up, interested. For split second Remus saw himself in the young boy. They really did look similar, with their matching light brown hair and green eyes. Under those beautiful green eyes were dark circles, like his. An effect of full moon transformations.When Remus had learnt his son had only part of the lycanthropy gene he'd hoped that, that would mean Teddy wouldn't have to worry about transforming every full moon. But, guessing by the stiff way Teddy stood and the cut on his shoulder that Remus had noticed earlier on the train, that wasn't the case. "Dumbledore wanted me to look out for you.""Why?" Teddy asked curiously, tugging on the robe of his Ravenclaw uniform. Remus smiled, Carla had been a Ravenclaw. "Well, Teddy. I'm like you. I'm a werewolf." The boy's eyes widened and seemed to sparkle with joy."Really? You are?"Remus decided now wasn't the time to tell the whole truth. "I am.""That's so cool... I mean, that's good to know." He replied failing at hiding his excitement."I just, want you to know I'm always here if you ever need someone to talk to.""I will, thank you Professor." It felt wrong hearing Teddy call him 'professor' but he ignored the feeling of guilt in his chest."Off to bed, I'll see you tomorrow. Oh, and Teddy. Mind if we keep this between us? I don't want any students to know.""Sure."

I've been wanting to write this chapter for a while now!Don't forget to give some feedback pls.Chapter 3- Scratch -"Welcome, my children." Teddy shifted uncomfortably in his seat glancing around the Divination classroom, which was covered in fine silks and several scented candles, then back at his teacher trying not laugh at how funny her eyes looked behind her huge glasses. "In this room, you shall explore the noble art of Divination. In this room, you shall discover if you have the Sight."While saying this she stands up and bumps into the table. A few giggles echo around the room. The Professor gives an embarrassed smile. "Hello. I am Professor Trelawney. Together we shall cast ourselves into the future." She said whilst making excited hand gestures. "This term, we'll focus on Tasseomancy, the art of reading tea leaves. So please, take the cup of the person sitting opposite you."Teddy and Neville Longbottom swapped cups as the Professor continued to ramble on. "What do you see?" She asked the whole class. "The truth lies buried like a sentence deep within a book, waiting to be read. But first, you must broaden your minds. First, you must look beyond." She looks off into the distance so dramatically that the whole class looks with her, confused."What a load of rubbish." Hermione says from Harry and Ron's table, which was right next to Teddy's. Teddy jumped, she seemed to appear out of thin air as he could've sworn she wasn't there before. "Where did you come from?" Ron said, echoing Teddy's thoughts."Me? I've been here the whole time." She said, stuffing something down her shirt. A necklace, possibly?"You, boy!" Professor Trelawney pointed to Neville, making both partner jump. "Is your grandmother quite well?" She asked."I-I think so..." Neville stammered."I wouldn't be so sure of that, give me the cup..." she held her hand out towards Teddy who handed her the porcelain cup. She read it briefly then sighed putting it back on the table. "Pity." As soon as she walked away Neville grabbed the cup, staring into it. Teddy too tried to peer inside the cup but as he moved his elbow his own cup slid off the table and under one of the seats, completely out of sight."Damn it!" He cursed softly.He jumped once more when the Professor gave a terrified yelled. Honestly, at this rate he'd soon be dragged into Madame Pomfrey's hospital wing, suffering from a severe heart attack!Trelawney had dropped Harry's cup in fear and was staring at him in horror. "My boy... you have... the Grim!" She said dramatically. Teddy saw Hermione roll her eyes. "The Grin? What's the Grin?" A student asked from the back of the class."Not the Grin. The Grim." Another student corrected, his book open on his lap. "Taking form of a giant spectral dog. It's among the darkest omens in our world. It's an omen... of death." The class went deadly silent, everyone was staring at Harry who was staring at his cup. Teddy got the sense that Harry was hiding something."Cl-class is dismissed." Trelawney stammered walking away.The four friends walked down towards Hagrid's hut for their first Care of Magical Creatures class. "You don't think that Grim thing's got anything to do with Sirius Black?" Ron asked Harry. Hermione gave an exasperated groan."Oh, honestly, Ron. If you ask me, Divination's a woolly discipline. Now, Ancient Runes, that's a fascinating subject." Teddy grins at her reply, but Ron looks annoyed."Ancient Runes? Exactly how many classes are you taking?"A fair few.""Hang on. That's not possible." Teddy said as they trampled down the stone pathway. "Ancient Runes is in the same time as Divination. You have to be in two classes at once.""Don't be silly, Teddy. How could anyone be in two classes at once?" they were silent before she laughed. "Broaden your minds. Use your Inner Eye to see the future!" She mimicked Professor Trelawney. Once they arrived at Hagrid's hut he led them a little ways into the forest. "That's it. Come on, now. Come closer. Less talking, if you don't mind. I got a real treat for you today. A great lesson, so follow me." As they walked Teddy took it how beautiful the forest was after the rain. Everything was a lush bright green that glowed in the sunlight."Right, you lot. Less chattering. Form a group over there and open your books to page 49.""And how exactly do we do that?" Draco snarled. Teddy's smile disappeared, he'd forgotten Draco Malfoy and his gang were also in his class."Just stroke the spine of course." Hagrid replied as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. Teddy looked down at his book which looked straight back at him. It was just like Hagrid to give them a living book. I stroke the spine and look over my shoulder when I heard a growl and ripping of paper. Neville mustn't have stroked his book properly. Both book and boy were rolling around on the ground in a mass of dirt, torn robes and paper. "Don't be such a wimp Longbottom." Draco growled."I'm okay, I'm okay." Neville said after closing the book."I think they're funny." Hermione said stroking her book's spine."Oh yeah. Terribly funny." Draco grinned walking towards them, followed by the rest of his gang. Teddy prepared himself for the worst. "Witty. God, this place has gone to the dogs. Wait until Father hears Dumbledore's got this oaf teaching classes.""Shut up, Draco." Harry said and Teddy was happy Hagrid wasn't nearby to hear any of this. Draco smugly stood in front of Harry, inches from his face as if daring him to say something else. Suddenly Draco looked behind Potter and started pointing. "Dementor! Dementor!" Everyone spun around but there was nothing their.Draco and his gang laughed, raising the hoods of their uniforms and making ghost noises. "Just ignore them." Hermione said pushing Harry away. Everyone stopped when they saw the creature standing next to Hagrid. "Isn't he beautiful?" The half-giant grinned. "Say hello to Buckbeak.""Hagrid, exactly what is that?" Ron asked."That, Ron, is a Hippogriff." Hagrid explained and Teddy looked in wonder at the grey horse-like stallion. "First thing you wanna know about Hippogriffs is that they're very proud creatures. Very easily offended. You do not want to insult a Hippogriff. It may be the last thing you ever do. Now, who'd like to come and say hello?" Everyone stood back, including Teddy."Well done, Harry. Well done. Come on now." Harry looked around and noticed everyone had stepped back. He hesitantly moved forward. "Now, you have to let him make the first move. It's only polite. So, step up. Give him a nice bow. Then you wait and see if he bows back. If he does, you can go and touch him. If not... Well, we'll get to that later."Teddy watched as Harry bowed. Buckbeak looked at him and squawked menacingly. "Back off, Harry. Back off." Hagrid said and Harry took a step back. Everyone froze when a twig cracked under his shoe. "Keep still. Keep still." Buckbeak shuffled before slowly bowing his head."Well done, Harry. Well done." The whole class, except for Malfoy's gang, applauded."Right. I think you can go and pat him now. Go on. Don't be shy." Harry raised his hand. "Nice and slow, now. Not so fast, Harry. Slow down, Harry. That's it... Nice and slow." Harry edged closer and closer to the Hippogriff. "Now let him come to you. Slowly, now, slowly, slowly... That's it..." If Teddy was sitting down he'd be on the edge of his seat.The class cheered again when Harry patted the Hippogriff. "Well done! Well done, Harry, well done! I think he may let you ride him now.""What?" Harry said his smile vanishing and he objected as Hagrid lifted him up with ease and put him on Buckbeaks back.Hagrid ignored his protests. " Put you over here, just behind the wing joint. Don't pull out any of his feathers, because he won't thank you for that." His big hand slapped the creatures backside and Buckbeak was off! Teddy watched them soar through the air with Harry clinging and screaming on its back. They disappeared for sometime before returning. Everyone ran towards where they landed, yet still keeping their distance from Buckbeak."That was wicked Harry!" Ron congratulated."Oh please." Draco grumbled shoving past the students and marching toward Hippogriff. "Yes you're not dangerous at all are you, you great ugly brute."Buckbeak glared at the blonde-haired boy, squawking loudly before standing up on its back legs, its front legs clawing the air in front of Draco, who grunted as Teddy ran forward and pushed them out of the way. Teddy looked back at Buckbeak who slowly calmed down. He heard a moan and looked down at Draco, then froze.Draco's hand was on his face, blood decorated his hand. In the attempt to push Draco out of the way, he had accidentally scratched him. The wound wasn't too deep but Draco rolled on the ground as if he'd just ripped his whole cheek to shreds. "He scratched me! He scratched me! I'm gonna turn now, aren't I? I'm gonna turn!"Teddy's heart raced and no matter how much he tried, he couldn't move. It was as if his limps refused to cooperate. He walked quietly as Hagrid ran forward before carrying Draco to the hospital wing, dismissing the class. "Teddy!" Harry grabbed Teddy, who hadn't realized he'd fallen. Teddy seemed to snap out of his trance and he glanced around at the other students, all of which were staring at him. "I-I-" Teddy stammered. "I need to go."He ran off towards the castle, unsure of where he was heading, but anywhere was better than being surrounded by scared students.

Don't forget to leave some reviews!They're always very helpful.Enjoy!Chapter 4- Riddikulus -After Care of Magical Creatures was ended early, Teddy ran to his room and locked himself inside. He needed somewhere quiet to calm down. His heart was racing a few times his feet threatened to collapse. Taking a few short breath he laid on his bed, looking up at the ceiling. By the time Lunch had come around Teddy was ready to go to the Great Hall.Once there he spotted Harry, Ron and Hermione waving to him. He sat down and held up his hand to cut off their questions. "Please, I don't wanna talk about it."From a distance he could here a conversation between Draco and the Slytherin stundets."Does it hurt terribly Draco?""It comes and it goes. Still, I consider myself lucky. Madam Pomfrey said another minute and I would've become a monster, just like Wolfboy over there.""Listen to the idiot," Ron said ripping his piece of toast in half. "He's really laying it on thick, isn't he?""At least it wasn't serious." Hermione murmured. "But I've heard his father's furious. We haven't heard the end of this." Teddy's head sunk down further."Maybe I should go apologize." Teddy began to stand up but Ron grabbed his arm."Forget it! That monster deserved everything he got! Hell, he deserved MORE than what he got!" He slammed a fist on the table. "If I were you I would've straight up bitten him-""Ron!" Hermione slapped him on the back of the head with her book. Teddy only went paler. "What if I had... you know... bit him?"Before Ron could reply Hermione jumped back in. "Don't worry Teddy," she said softly. "Everyone knows you were trying to help him.""Doesn't mean they've ignored that fact that he almost did turn Malfoy." Ron muttered and got another smacked on the head."Shut up Ron! Besides, everyone knows it takes a bite to become a werewolf, not a scratch." Harry sat silently watching the conversation unfold. Teddy glanced at the other tables and noticed everyone was staring and whispering among themselves. "Everybody hates me." He moaned, his forehead hitting the table and his arms covering his head ashamed."Teddy?" He jumped, looking over his shoulder to see Professor Lupin behind him."Hi." He said awkwardly."I heard about what happened in Care of Magical Creatures... Are you alright?""Yeah, I'm... I'm fine." His cheeks went red and he couldn't meet the Professors eyes."Just know that I'm here if you ever want to talk." Teddy nodded silently. Professor Lupin put a gentle hand on his shoulder, making him look up and meeting his warm gaze. "Cheer up, you have me for you next class." Surprisingly, that did cheer him up and he gave grateful smile. He'd have to get used to finally having someone who could understand him. As soon as the Professor was gone there was a yell from one of the Gryffindor students. "He's been sighted! He's been sighted!""Who has?""Sirius Black!" He held out the newspaper for the other to read."Dufftown?" Hermione looked up. "That's not far from here!"Everyone began talking at once and Teddy could only listen to one conversation at a time."You don't think he'd come to Hogwarts, do you?""With dementors at every entrance?""Dementors? He slipped past them once. Who's to say he won't do it again?""That's right. Black could be anywhere. It's like trying to catch smoke. Like trying to catch smoke with your bare hands."Teddy looked in awe at the large wardrobe which shook violently at the other end of the classroom. All the tables and chairs had been moved aside for the practical lesson. "Intriguing isn't it?" Professor Lupin asked, walking around the class, who flinched when the wardrobe shook again. Whatever was inside it was desperate to get out. "Would anyone like to venture a guess as to what is inside.""That's a Boggart that is.""Very good, Mr Thomas. Now can anyone tell me what a Boggart looks like?""No one knows," Teddy looked to his right in surprise. For the second time today Hermione had appeared out of thin air. "When did she get here?" Ron whispered."They take the shape of whatever a person fears the most. That's what makes them so-""So terrifying, yes." The Professor agreed standing in front of the class. Teddy positioned himself near the front. He didn't even notice how most of the students moved out of his way cautiously. Remus, however, did notice. But he tried to hide his empathy and guilt. "Luckily, a very simple charm exists to repel a Boggart. Let's practice it now. Without wands, please. After me. Riddikulus!""Riddikulus!" The whole class murmered."Very good. A little louder and very clear. Riddikulus!"Once again the class repeated the incantation, only a little louder. "Riddikulus!""Very good." The Professor smiled brightly, a light shining in his tired eyes. "So much for the easy part. You see, the incantation alone is not enough. What really finishes a boggart is laughter. You need to force it to assume a shape you find truly amusing. Let me explain. Neville, would you join me, please?"The next part of the class was extremely amusing. Teddy had never been a big fan of the school's potions master, Professor Snape. Who seemed to hold a great grudge against werewolves, even if they're only part wolf. It was the Professors job to make Teddy's life a living hell. In class he'd been given the nickname Wolfboy, seeing as he had no real last name, which Malfoy had picked up quickly. So when Teddy learnt that Neville's greatest fear was the Potions master, Teddy had to stop himself from giggling to hard.What happened next though left him standing on the spot, drowning in tears of laughter. Neville had performed the Riddikulus charm on the Boggart, which had taken the form of Professor Snape, dressing him up in his Grandmother's clothes. "Wonderful, Neville, wonderful! Alright, everybody form a line." Teddy quickly slotted himself near the front of the long line."I want everybody to picture what they fear the very most and turn it into something funny. Ron, your turn." Teddy watched as the red haired boy stood forward. Boggart Snape seemed to disappear and instead it was replaced with a gigantic spider. Most of the school knew of Ron's fear of spiders and Teddy could sense the fear rolling off him in waves."Wand at the ready, Ron." Professor Lupin reminded."Riddikulus!" The spider was now wearing red rollerskates and was slipping and sliding all over the floor. The class burst in laughter."Wonderful Ron! Next!" A Ravenclaw girl stood forward and gasped as the Boggart formed a huge snake."Riddikulus!" She yelled and the Boggart turned into a mechanical clown, swaying back a forward. Teddy watched as Harry stood forward. The Boggart was gone and was replaced by... a Dementor!At the same time Professor Lupin threw himself between Harry and the Boggart, causing it to once again change shape. Into a full moon. Teddy looked at the Professor sorrowfully. "Riddikulus!" He shouted and the moon turned into a white balloon that deflated quickly, flying around the class. It seemed to be heading back to the wardrobe but then it landed into front of Teddy.Teddy glanced at the crowd of students and the Professor. Everyone had the same look on their face. They all thought it'd change into the full moon, or a large werewolf or something like that. But instead it shifted into a giant wasp that filled half the classroom. Teddy felt his heart hammer in his heart as he pulled out his wand unsteadily. "Riddikulus!" At first nothing happened then wasp starting to shake it stinger. only the stinger was gone and replaced with a large toilet plunger.Teddy laughed as the plunger got stuck on the wall. The wasp tried desperately to pull his stinger from the wall. Even Professor Lupin was laughing before he cast a quick spell causing the wasp to fly back into the wardrobe which locked automatically. "Right! Sorry about that. That's enough for today, if you could collect your books from the back. Sorry, sorry." He apologized to the groaning students who'd yet to have their turn.Harry was soon the only one still facing the wardrobe which continued to shake violently. "Harry, you okay?" Teddy asked touching his shoulder."I'm fine." He replied."Remember, these visits to Hogsmeade village are a privilege." Professor McGonagall explained whilst receiving the students permission forms. "Should your behavior reflect poorly on the school that privilege shall not be extended again." Teddy sat watching from the doorway. Harry had walked past him and towards the Professor holding out his blank permission form.McGonagall, already guessing what he was going to ask, shut him down. "No permission form signed, no visiting the village. That's the rule, Potter."Filch gave a dirty smile. "Those with permission, follow me. Those without, stay put." He looked at both Harry and Teddy, who glared back at him.Hermione and Ron waved goodbye to the two of them and followed the other students. Harry stood beside Teddy, sadly watching them go. "Aunt and Uncle didn't sign you form?" He asked and Harry nodded."Matron wouldn't sign mine." He sighed."Why not?""I was caught sneaking food out of the kitchen one night. How about you? What'd you do?""I blew up my aunt."Teddy was silent. "Oh." Was all he could reply."Hey look," Harry pointed towards Professor Lupin who was walking towards the Wooden Bridge. "I'm going to go talk to Professor Lupin. I need to ask him why he didn't let me face that Boggart.""Have fun." Teddy waved.

I've been having some serious writers block, but even so I had fun writing this chapter.I hope you enjoy reading it, as much as I loved writing it!Chapter 5- Page 394 -Tired. Nausea. Fatigue. Aching bones. And an extreme Headache!'This must be what a hangover feels like,' Teddy thought to himself after taking his seat in the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom. Last night had been the full moon and Teddy felt as sick as... well... as sick as a dog.What made it worse was that Sirius Black had been spotted inside the castles walls, after trying to get into the Gryffindor Common Room. He'd apparently ripped up the fat lady's painting in the process.All the students had to sleep in the Great Hall, all except for Teddy. Who at the time was sitting in his room, in his werewolf form, wondering what in Merlin's beard was going on outside?Professor Lupin was yet to show up, but Teddy neither noticed nor cared. His head was throbbing too painfully. "You know you have permission from Madam Pomfrey to skip classes after the full moon?" Harry said, looking at him nervously."I'm fine... can't miss a class... to much work... to catch up on." He could only say a few words at a time. There was a loud BANG! Someone had stormed into the room, his cape blowing behind him like a mass of black smoke, flicking his wand and shutting the windows one at a time.Professor Snape turned to face the class after pulling down a white sheet from the ceiling. "Turn to page 394." He ordered. The students did as he said but Teddy was able to muster enough energy to ask Snape where Professor Lupin was."That's not really your concern, is it, Tedson?" He gave him a knowing glance and finally Teddy pieced the puzzle together. Like him, Professor Lupin would be suffering from the affects of his post-transformation. He would most likely be taking the day off because of it. "Suffice it to say your professor finds himself incapable of teaching at the present time. Turn to page 394."Teddy sighed turning the pages of his book, he tensed when he saw the title. "Werewolves?""Sir," Hermione appeared beside Teddy out of no where. By now Teddy had become used to Hermione appearing out of thin air and he couldn't bring himself to wonder how she did it. "We just learned about red caps and hinkypunks. We're not meant to start nocturnal creatures for weeks.""Quiet!" Snape snapped. "Today I am your professor, so I request that you keep your mouth shut and listen." His black eyes flicked to Teddy with an unsurprising hatred. "But of course, one of you should know a lot about the subject."All eyes flicked between Teddy and the bandage on Malfoy's cheek. "I guess, sir."Luckily Snape didn't go any further and began the lesson. He tapped his wand on an old fashioned projector which turned on, shining pictures onto the white sheet. There was pots and stone walls decorated with old paintings of werewolves. There was a luna chart, an x-ray and many more pictures. "Now, which one of you can tell me the difference between an Animaguc and a werewolf?" He doesn't even turn around to see if anyone could respond. Hermione of course, was the only one with her hand up. "No one? How disappointing.""Please, sir." Hermione spoke. "An Animagus is a wizard who elects to turn into an animal. A werewolf has no choice." All eyes were still on Teddy who wished he could sink through the floor, like he'd seen the Hogwart's ghosts do once. "With each full moon, when he transforms, he no longer remembers who he is. He'd kill his best friend is he crossed his path. Except for a few acceptions." She glanced towards Teddy, who smiled slightly in return."Furthermore, the werewolf only responds to the call of its own kind-""Awoooo!" Malfoy called out to Teddy from the other side of the classroom."Thank you Mr. Malfoy." Snape growled before turning back to Hermione. "That's the second time, you've spoken out of turn, Miss Granger. Are you incapable of restraining yourself or do you take pride in being an insufferable know-it-all?""He's got a point you know." Ron whispered."Five points from Gryffindor." Snape walked back to the front of the room. "As an antidote to your ignorance. and on my desk, by Monday morning. Two rolls of parchment on the werewolf, with emphasis on recognizing it." The class groaned."Sir, it's Quidditch tomorrow." Harry said, trying to reason with the professor."Then I suggest you take extra care, Mr. Potter. Loss of limb will not excuse you."Teddy rubbed his eyes. "Except for you Mr. Tedson." Teddy's head snapped up in surprise. "As you seem to have the upper hand, I want you to write an extra two pages on a werewolf's transformation.""But-"Snape ignored him circling the class. "The term 'werewolf', is a contraction of the Anglo-Saxon word 'wer' which means 'man', and 'wolf'. Werewolf, man-wolf." Teddy began to write notes, despite already knowing this from years of self-study on the subject. "There are several ways to become a werewolf. They include being given the power of shape-shifting, being bitten by a werewolf or having werewolf heritage. Recently there has also been a creation of a Wolfsbane potion. Can anyone tell me what it does?"Surprisingly, Hermione's hand stayed down. Instead Teddy raised his hand forcing himself to keep awake. "The Wolfsbane potion, although it doesn't cure lycanthropy, allows the werewolf who drinks it to keep their human mind after their transformation. Instead of turning into a werewolf they turn into a normal, sleepy wolf.""And why is this potion so hard to obtain?""It's one of the most advanced potions ever created, as well as dangerous, if you brew it wrong. This makes it crazy expensive. Besides, a goblet full of the potion must be taken everyday, in the week leading to the full moon. It's also been said to have a very bitter and disgusting taste." He responded proudly, but Snape didn't even glance at him."What do you mean you're not coming?" Ron shouted as the four of them walked down the stairs. Dark clouds were beginning to cover the sky, threatening to rain during that afternoon's Quidditch game. "Sorry guys, I still don't think I'm up for it." Teddy had gone to bed early the other day, trying to rid himself of the cloud of sleep that hung over him. "Maybe the next game?""But everyone's going down to the Quidditch pitch! It's Gryffindor vs Slytherin! What are you going to do here all alone?""I might head to the library." He shrugged and heard Hermione sigh as if the thought was heavenly. "I've got four papers to write, I couldn't bring myself to start them yesterday." He groaned, holding his books weakly."Okay, but if it's too much. Promise us you'll get some sleep?""Sure, Harry." He agreed watching them go off to the Gryffindor dorms. The Fat Lady had refused to return to her position, so instead another painting had taken her place. But the castle was on complete lock down and Teddy had heard that more Dementors had been brought in to protect the school's entrances.Students were already heading down to the Quidditch Pitch, dressed snugly in raincoats and carry huge umbrellas. Teddy couldn't think of anything worse than standing in the cold rain, surrounded by screaming students and trying to watch two teams flying through the mist, trying to score goals.He walked into the dead-silent library. Only one of two students sat at the long tables, their noses hidden in their books. Teddy placed down his books, parchment and quill.He began to write and quickly finished the first half of his homework. But when it came to the additional work Snape had given him, he couldn't find the words to explain. How do you explain such a thing? Besides, how would he know if his transformation was the same as other werewolves?Tapping his quill to the paper he gave frustrated growl before receiving an anonymous shush. He leaned back in his seat, almost defeated, when he spotted a familiar figure. "Professor Lupin!" He said loudly in excitement.Shush!He got up from his seat and nearly ran towards the professor who smiled tiredly at him.

Chapter 6- 100 Feet -On the full moon Remus had considered asking his son to join him, so they could transform together. But for some reason he didn't. Maybe he was afraid. The boy reminded him so much of Carla who, like Teddy, was a Ravenclaw.She was smart and kind. And although the boy had most likely seen more than most kids his age, he always seemed to have a positive energy about him. Remus, thanks to Professor Snape, had been taking a goblet of Wolfsbane potion everyday the week before the full moon. In the end he had gone into his office to transform, making sure to lock the door.Now he felt guilty. Why hadn't he just asked? It wouldn't have been weird, maybe he was just scared the truth would come out somehow. And it would... one day, he knew it.The day after his transformation he felt too unwell to teach, but he hated the thought that Snape would be temporarily teaching his class, and his son, until he returned. So, he came back the next day and had begun searching through the library for a book on red caps. That when he heard it. An excited voice, followed by shush from the librarian.Teddy ran towards him. "Hey." He greeted the Professor, his tired green eyes looking up at his."Evening Teddy, how are you feeling?""Tired, a little soar, but what's new?" He shrugged as if it was no big deal. Lupin had never looked at his lycanthropy like that. He'd always seen it as a curse. How could this child not? Lupin reached up to put a book back on the shelf, wincing as he did so.Full moons seemed to get more and more painful each year. Did Teddy's transformations hurt like his did? Or maybe had he escaped that part of the curse?Teddy noticed his wince and helped him to put the book back. "How about you, Professor? Are you feeling okay?""I'm fine, thank you for asking.""You sure? Maybe you should take another day off?" Remus smiled slightly at Teddy's parent-like tone. The boy looked just as tired, with large black circles under his eyes. His skin was pale, yet wasn't as sickly grey as his. "I'll be fine Teddy."Teddy moved onto another subject, yet didn't look convinced. "It's good to have you back.""Was Snape that bad?" Remus chuckled reaching for a book."He taught us about werewolves." The book nearly slipped from his hand but Teddy caught it."Did he now?" He sighed, knowing Snape's intentions. He didn't blame him. He had many chances to stand up for Snape when he was younger, yet he hadn't. He'd been too afraid of losing his friends if he did. "Do you think this has anything to do with us? With me?""Teddy," he bent down and placed his hand on Teddy's shoulder. "Professor Snape and I have never been close. Most likely, he's hoping a classmate with figure out my condition."That didn't reassure Teddy and for some reason, the third year felt the need to hug the Professor, but he held back. That'd be weird, if he'd done it. "Why aren't you down watching the Quidditch match? I thought Harry was playing?" Remus changed the subject."He is, but I didn't feel up to it. Besides I've got this four page essay I need to finish.""What for?""Professor Snape set it. He said I should do two extra pages on werewolf transformation, because I have 'experience'." Teddy sighed. Remus buried his anger. How dare Snape do that to Teddy. Point him out and treat him differently than his other students. "Don't worry. You can throw away the essay. I'll talk to Professor Snape.""Thank you!" Teddy groaned in relief. "You're my hero!" He grinned, laughing.Suddenly, there was a commotion outside the library. "Ah, the game must be over." Remus said. But the noses outside weren't excited squeals or upset groans. Instead they were curious, scared and confused yells.Teddy walked outside and stopped when he saw Dumbledore carrying an unconscious Harry to the Hospital Wing. "What happened?" He asked a Hufflepuff student."Dementors. They came into the castle grounds, Harry was attacked..." The rest of her sentence faded away as Teddy was no longer listening.A few weeks had passed since the event of the first and possibly the last Quidditch game of the season. Gryffindor was out of the running and Dumbledore had cancelled the season until after the Christmas holidays.Teddy walked through the long castle corridors, travelling up and down the moving stairs and occasionally chatting with the living portraits. He'd finished up all of his exams and was now lacking anything to do.His good mood faltered when he saw students getting ready to leave for Hogsmeade. God, he wished he could go. But he had no parental figure to sign his form. He'd sent the Matron from his orphanage a letter, asking is she would sign.He hadn't gotten a reply, so he guessed it was a no. And now he had no form!Suddenly, and idea floated into his mind. He could get in so much trouble..."You're not a Gryffindor!" The knight, who'd taken the the Fat Lady's position as the entrance to the Gryffindor common room, jeered."I know, and I don't want to go inside. I just want to see Harry, can you bring him out here?""Stand back you shaggy haired fiend!""Who you calling shaggy haired?" He self-consciously raised a hand, trying to brush his light brown hair with his fingers. Suddenly the painting opens from the inside and Harry walks out. "What's going on out here? Oh! Teddy, how can I help you?""Is Hermione in there?""No, she and Ron left to join the students heading to Hogsmeade." Harry looked just as disappointed as he felt. Harry, like Teddy, was staying at Hogwarts for the Christmas holidays and because they lacked the form, they'd most likely spend it in the Great Hall playing wizard chess."Good, because she wouldn't like my idea." Teddy said and Harry looked up nervously."What idea?""I need to borrow your invisibility cloak, and if you want you can come.""Come where?""To Hogsmeade." Teddy grinned. "That's right, I'm going. So, what do you think? You coming?" Harry thought for only a split second before saying yes. He ran back into the common room and soon came out with his cloak. They threw it over themselves and began to follow the Hogsmeade field group.A thick layer of snow had fallen during the night. Students would hadn't already left for the holidays, were throwing snowballs, building snowmen and sipping on hot chocolates that'd been provided in the Great Hall.Fred and George were busy building a tall snowmen that they planned to enchant to run after passing students, when they saw foot prints appearing in the snow. Grinning mischievously, they ran in their direction and dragged them backwards. Teddy and Harry grumbled under the cloak. "Guys, let go!" Harry said."Clever you two.""But not clever enough.""We trying to get to Hogsmeade!" Teddy whispered."We know.""We'll get you there.""We'll show you a quicker way, if you pipe down.""Let us go!" They pulled them behind a wall, making sure no one was watching. Teddy tugged off the cloak. "What are you doing?" He asked but stopped when something was placed in his hand. A long sheet of folded parchment."What's this rubbish?" Harry asked, peering over Teddy's shoulder."'What's this rubbish?' he says." Fred scoffed. "This is the secret to our success.""This?" Teddy glanced down at the parchment then back up at the twins. "The secret to your success... is a piece of parchment?"Fred scoffed. "George, is you will."George took out his wand and spoke very clearly. "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." He tapped the tip of his wand to the parchment and suddenly, ink began to appear on the paper. Teddy's eyes widened before reading it out loud. "Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs are proud to present the Marauder's Map.""We owe them so much." George sighed as if remembering all the prank they'd pulled off because of that map.Teddy opened it and his eyes widened further than he thought possible. "This is Hogwarts! And that... No. Is that...?""Dumbledore." George pointed to the footprints pacing in Dumbledore's study. "In his study. Pacing. Does that a lot.""So this map shows everyone?""Everyone." They said at once."Where they are.""What's they're doing.""Every minute.""Of every day.""Where'd you get it?" Harry asked. Teddy continued to watched the little footprints. He saw Remus Lupins footprints, walking about his office. Would he be upset at him? That he was planning on sneaking out of the castle?Wait.. why did he care? He's just his teacher, not his father."We knicked it from Filch's office on our first year. There are seven secret passageways out of the castle. We recommend this one. The One-Eyed Watch passageway. Leads you straight to Honeyduke's cellar.""Great! Thanks guys." Teddy said smiling brightly."Just don't forget," George warned. "When you're done, just give it a tap and say, 'Mischief managed'." They tapped the parchment again as they spoke and the ink disappeared. "Otherwise anyone can read it.""Let's go." Harry pulled the cloak over their heads."Have fun!" The twins said at once as they disappeared.

I decided the skip the Hogsmeade trip. Technically it's the same thing that happens in the movie. Harry learns about Peter Pettigrew and that Sirius is his godfather.Chapter 7- Midnight Wanderings -The school was quiet over the holidays. Teddy had spent the whole day in his room, the library and the great hall. Christmas was right around the corner. Harry wasn't talking to anyone since their Hogsmeade trip, after he'd found out that Sirius Black was in fact his godfather.He knew that Harry was angry, scared and confused. But, he did wish they could talk. Unlike most full moons Teddy didn't walk back to his room with his friends, who would stay until as long as they could, before wishing him luck and leaving. This time he was all alone.Teddy sat on the end of his bed thinking. Tomorrow was Christmas. He'd taken some of the leftovers from the Christmas Eve feast and put them on his bedside table. Some roasted turkey, potatoes and gravy. He was always hungry once he changed, even if he was full before hand.The Ravenclaw's muscles twitched and ached, as if they could sense what was about to happen. Quickly he undressed himself. Too many times he'd ripped through his uniform and had to wear his normal clothes instead, which Professor Snape had been happy to torment him about.Then it stuck him, like an arrow to the back. The pain had always been the worst part of the full moon. His bone snapped out and into position, growing in odd directions, his muscles stretched and his canine teeth grew long. His squinted his eyes and when he opened them again, it was all over.He sat on the floor of his bedroom, looking around at how different things looked for the eyes of a wolf. Of course, Teddy didn't look like a normal wolf. He was taller, with not as much fur and could stand on his back legs.When he was younger his reflection used to terrify him, even now he hated to look at himself during this state. Which was why there were no mirrors or reflective surfaces to be seen in his room. Earlier, Teddy had taken the time to decorated his room. He'd asked the house elves if there were any spare decorations.Now the small room, which was once Filch's old office, was decorated in Christmas lights, tinsel and little origami creatures that flew around the ceiling and climbing on top of his wardrobe, watching the strange creature that'd replaced the young shaggy haired boy.Werewolf Teddy sniffed around the room, finding the plate of turkey and potatoes. Clumsily he ate at the meat, but left the potatoes with a disgusted sniff. Afterwards he marveled at the bright lights decorating the ceiling. He jumped, as if to touch them, and accidentally pulled them all down.He rolled around in a tangled heap suddenly the door opened. He looked up in surprise. The door was only supposed to open for a teacher or himself, while he was human, came in contact with it.He shook off the lights and edged towards the door, one paw at a time. He looked down at the hallway and a Slytherin boy running away. He peered to get a closer look. Wait? It was him!He was staring at himself, dressed in Slytherin robes. But suddenly, the Slytherin Teddy's face changed and an unrecognizable boy ran away, carrying a bottle. Polyjuice potion, typical.Teddy's human instinct was to shut the door and remain inside his room, the Slytherin boy was obviously trying to get him into trouble. But something stopped him from returning to his solitude. Instead, the young werewolf walked out his room, but instead of heading for the door that led to the Dark Forest, he walked further into the school.His claws tapped against the stone ground. His glowing yellow eyes looked around, he had no idea where he was going but something was pulling him up the stairs towards the second floor classrooms.He turned a corner and paused. Professor Snape stopped at the sight of Teddy. His sleek black hair glowed in the light of his wand. Teddy stared at his wand, which was held defensively in front of him. He growled slightly walking down on one side of the hallway. Snape kept his distance, wand still pointed.He had the right to defend himself if Teddy attacked, which Teddy had no interest in doing so. Instead he slowly made his way past him. "Tedson, back to your room." Snape ordered, but the werewolf ignored him. "Tedson!" He snapped and Teddy snarled.He smiled as Professor Snape flinched. Whenever he turned Teddy felt more confident, more reckless. It was like a new wild energy had grown inside of him. He sped up, walking down the hall and walking into... the Dark Arts classroom.The door a large metal lock on it, which he quickly chewed off. He nudged the door open, the shut it behind him. At the back of the classroom was a small flight of stairs, leading to Professor Lupin's office.Suddenly, he understood why he'd come. He was looking for company.Teddy walked up to the door on all fours. He scratched his slightly and waited for a response.Scratch.He huffed at the sound, sniffing under the door crack. The office door was also locked, only this lock was enchanted. No matter how much he scratched and bit, the lock wouldn't budge. He could sense Lupin knew he was there. Yet there was nothing they could do to get to each other.Teddy sat in front of the door whimpering slightly, but then rested his head on his front paws and slowly fell asleep.Teddy woke with a start and winced at the familiar post-transformation headache. He was inside Professor Lupin's office curled up in his comfy leather chair. He was covered in a long cloak, as well as one of the professor's sweaters and a pair of his pants, both of which were way to big for him. It took him a few minute to remember what had happened, but once he did he jumped, saying a word that if the Matron back at the orphanage had heard him say, she would've hit him so hard he'd have gone back in time.He moved around the office desk and peered out the door. Professor Lupin was no where to be seen, so Teddy quietly tip-toed out of the classroom. The fierce, brave attitude he obtain during full moons was gone and replaced by worry and guilt.As he walked down the hall he saw the paintings give him disgusted looks, they knew what had happened. Luckily, the school was practically empty so he would most likely wouldn't bump into any students. Finally he saw his dorm door, but before he could reach it he heard a familiar voice behind. "Tedson!" Teddy thought the bad word again in his head as he spun around. Professor Snape was gliding towards him, his cape bellowing out behind him as usual. He was like a black storm preparing to swallow him whole."Merry Christmas, Professor! Sleep well?" He smiled fearfully."Out for a midnight wander were we?" Teddy gulped. "Come with me." He ordered and he obediently followed him up to Dumbledore's office. Teddy wanted to run for the hills yet forced his feet to follow behind Snape. "Professor Dumbledore." Snape sneered as they entered the Headmaster's office. The white bearded man looked up from behind his desk. "Severus, Teddy. What brings you both up here?" He asked with a smile."Someone was out of bed last night and wandering around the castle during the full moon." Teddy lowered his head. "I saw him go into the Dark Arts room. Most likely to see Professor Lupin.""Is this true, Teddy?""Yes, but I-"Snape interrupted him quickly. "To leave his dorm in the middle of the night during a full moon is completely irresponsible, and obviously planned.""I didn't plan to leave my room!" Teddy shouted and instantly regretted it. The potions master glared at him."Only you or a professor can open your door. Explain that.""It was a student, he used a Polyjuice potion, I saw it!""Lies." He snorted.Dumbledore raised a hand to silence the two of them. he was thinking quietly, but Teddy couldn't help but ask, "Am I expelled?" Which Snape almost smiled at."Of course not, Teddy." His smile disappeared and Teddy let out a sigh of relief. "There's no knowing for sure what happened. But listen to me Teddy, there shall be no more midnight walks. The next time this happens I won't have much choice but to expel you. Understood?""Understood, Professor. Thank you." Teddy beamed."Alright off you go. Oh, and Teddy, Merry Christmas." He shooed and Teddy slowly walked out of the room. "Merry Christmas, Professor." He could feel his heart pounding in his chest."That was close." He murmured. turning a corner and slamming into something hard. "Oof!" He fell onto the hard stone floor."Sorry, are you alright Teddy?" Professor Lupin offered him a hand which he gladly took."Yeah, I'm fine."The professor looked more tired than he felt, with dark circles under his eyes and a pale complexion. "I'm sorry I wasn't there when you woke up. I thought it'd best to check that everything was in order after last night." Teddy felt his cheeks go red."I am so sorry about that." He apologized."It was very irresponsible what you did... but then again I completely understand the temptation." He ruffled his hair in a comforting way, then he noticed Teddy was still dressed in his clothes. "Oh dear, those don't really fit you do they. Why don't you go get changed, I'll try to straightened things out with Dumbledore.""It's okay. Professor Snape took me to see him and he gave me a warning. It won't happen again." The two said goodbye to each other and Teddy ran off to his room. The castle may be nearly empty, but the last thing he needed was for someone to see him dressed in the professor's clothes. It felt good to put on a pair of jeans, top and his favourite denim jacket.He walked to the Great Hall and was surprised to see Harry at the table, waving at him. He sat down filling his plate as much as he could before digging in. God he was hungry!"So is it true?" Harry asked, taking a sip of pumpkin juice."Huh?""You left your room last night?""Oh, yeah... wait, how'd you know?" Harry glanced over at the Slytherin table. The boy who'd taken the Polyjuice potions was giggling from behind his issue of the Quibbler. Teddy's grip tightened on his fork. "Are you gonna tell Professor Dumbledore?" Harry asked."No," the word was almost impossible to say. "No, I won't. What good would it do? So what about you? Are you okay?""I'm... better. Just can't wait till the holidays are over."At that moment two owls flew through the open windows and into the hall, dropping several packages in front of the two boys. The first presents, delievered by Hedwig, were from Hermione. Teddy could tell right away from the neat wrapping paper. He ripped open his gift. Inside was a large box of Honeyduke's chocolates and a small silver necklace with a miniature wooden wolf attached to the chain. Teddy laughed when the wolf moved turning its head up as if it was howling.The next present was from Ron and had been delivered by the Weasley's family owl. Inside was a large Ravenclaw blue sweater with a large white 'T' on the front, mostly likely from Mrs Weasley, and then a box of Every-Flavour-Beans from Ron. With much hesitation Teddy put on the sweater. Harry had also gotten a box of Every-Flavour-Beans and a maroon beanie.They both laughed happily and for a split second, everything felt alright.

Chapter 8- Peter Pettigrew -"Honestly, Divination is going to drive me mad!" Hermione yelled as they walked down the long staircase. Teddy listened to Hermione's rants silently, smiling as she began listing off all the ways Ancient Runes was a far better topic, and how Ron tried to figure out how she could be in two places at once. They four walked down the hall and were greeted by a series of howls.Boys from Slytherin howled loudly as they passed Teddy, who half hid his head behind his book. "Everyone knows!" He groaned."I wouldn't say everyone-" Hermione began but Ron interrupted."Nope, everyone knows. It's the talk of the school. I've heard Dumbledore's been getting hundreds of owls from worried parents."Slap!Hermione had hit Ron with her book again. "Hey guys, I gotta go." Harry said and Teddy looked up, curious."Where are you going?""Professor Lupin's giving me some extra classes.""What for?""He's teaching me how to defend myself against the... Dementors." A shiver ran down Harry's back. Teddy was curious, he too wanted to know how to defend himself against the guards of Azkaban, maybe not as much as Harry did, but still. "Mind if I come?" He asked."Sure, I don't see why not."The two boys waved goodbye to Ron and Hermione before walking up to the Dark Arts room. Professor Lupin was in his office, writing at his desk, but he got up when he heard the two boys. "Oh, Harry, there you are. And you brought Teddy with you.""Hope that's okay."Professor Lupin walked down the stairs, a bright smile on his face. "No, no, the more the merrier. Come in, come in."The wardrobe containing the Boggart, was in the middle of the room."Now, are you sure about this, Harry? This is very advanced magic, well beyond the Ordinary Wizarding Level."Harry nodded reassuringly. "I'm sure.""Well, everything's prepared. Now, the spell I'm going to teach you is called the Patronus Charm. Have you two ever heard of it?" Both boys shook their heads. "No? Well, a Patronus is a positive force, it works like a shield, with the dementor feeding on it rather than the wizard who cast it. But in order for it to work, you need to think of a memory." He explained pacing around the two boys who"Not just any memory, a very happy memory, a very powerful memory. Can you do this?" He asked. Teddy nodded, yet was having trouble trying to think of a happy memory. "Very well. Close your eyes. Concentrate. Explore your past. Do you have a memory? Allow it to fill you up. Lose yourself within it. Then speak the incantation, Expecto Patronum."Teddy closed his eyes, listening to the Professors calm, soothing voice. "Expecto Patronum." He murmured with Harry."Very good. Shall we? Harry, you stand in front so you're the first thing the Boggart sees and Teddy you stand a little behind him. Wands at the ready?" The professor stood by the wardrobe, waiting a moment then opening it. A large cloaked figure floated out of the wardrobe. "Expecto Patronum!" Both boys shouted at the same time.A loud breathing sound filled Teddy's ears and soon he realized Harry had fainted. The Dementor shifted unexpectedly to a giant wasp, but suddenly Teddy couldn't remember the spell meant to ward off a Boggart. He stumbled back in surprise, dropping his wand. He closed his eyes trying to block out the sound of the wasps wings buzzing loudly. But then it disappeared. "Teddy, Teddy." Someone was trying to help him up. Professor Lupin looked worried. "Teddy, are you okay?""Y-yeah." He stammered."It's over, don't worry, it's gone." Teddy's breathing slowly, but he felt sick to his stomach. "Here." He'd handed him a piece of chocolate and then gone to help Harry. Teddy looked at the chocolate, nibbling it slightly, then pocketing the rest. Professor Lupin began talking to Harry but Teddy was too busy searching for a memory. Which should he pick?The first time he arrived at Hogwarts? When he met his friends? Christmas with Harry?He scratched his head, deep in thought. "Do you both wanna try again?" Professor Lupin asked, but Teddy shook his head."I can't think of anything good enough. Maybe I'll try again some other time." The Professor looked at him strangely, almost guiltily, as if it was his fault he had no memories good enough for a Patronus charm. "Alright Harry, ready to try again?"Harry nodded, holding his wand out in front of him. This time when the Dementor rose from the wardrobe, a shield of light burst out from the tip of his wand, forcing the Boggart Dementor back into the wardrobe. Professor Lupin shut it quickly, locking the Boggart inside. "Well done, Harry. Well done."Teddy clapped, happy for his friend. The two left the room, talking loudly about what just happened. "That was so cool, what memory were you thinking of. You thinking of the first time you met me right? Admit it." He said with a cocky grin.Harry gave a silent laugh before shaking his head. "No, it... I was thinking of my parents." Teddy smiled warmly. "I don't even know if it's a real memory but... it's the best I've got."Ahwoooo!The moment was ruin as a Ravenclaw group walked past, this time Teddy turned around, growling like a dog, causing them to run off. "Have you come up with a memory?" Harry asked, breaking the awkward silence."No, not yet. I'll think of something."Teddy rolled around his bed, restless. He couldn't sleep. No matter how hard he tried he just wasn't tired, which was unusual, for him. He still hadn't taken down the Christmas decorations from the holidays, he found them relaxing to look at. Teddy turned over again in his bed, his foot knocking into his bedside table. The drawer opened and Teddy glanced at it. Inside was the Marauders Map.Having nothing better to do, Teddy grabbed it and took out his wand. "I solemnly swear I am up to no good." Ink formed on the parchment and Teddy propped himself up on his bed. His green eyes scanned the parchment, Dumbledore was still pacing inside his office and Professor Snape was wondering around the halls.Suddenly he saw something, a name. It couldn't be. Peter Pettigrew. But... he was dead, wasn't he? Sirius Black had killed him. Teddy thought of telling Harry and the others in the morning, but Harry would want him to go a find Peter. Sighing he slipped on a pair of shoes and a jumper. He touched his door, which unlocked with a click, and followed the name of the map.He sped up, holding out his wand and whispering, "Lumos." The tip of the wand lit up. The paintings groaned in frustration. "Put that blooming light out!" A painting screeched."Sorry." Teddy whispered pointing the wand down at the map. Peter Pettigrew was coming in his direction, and quickly too. He spun around, but there was nothing. He glanced back down at the map and panicked. Professor Snape was coming around the corner. Teddy thought quickly, tapping his wand on the parchment. "Mischief managed. Nox." The light on his wand went out.Teddy blinked as Snape pointed his glowing wand right in his face. "Tedson," he snarled. "What are you doing wandering the corridors at night after you little... incident, over the holidays?""I was sleepwalking." He lied but Snape obviously saw through it."Really? So incredibly like him, aren't you. Always running about the castle with his friends, being in places he shouldn't. Dangerous he was.""He? Who's he?" Snape didn't respond, but Teddy continued. "And I'm not dangerous. Now, if you don't mind, could you please lower your wand."The professor pointed his wand at Teddy's jumped pocket, where the Marauders Map was hidden. "Turn out your pockets." He ordered. But when Teddy didn't comply his gaze darkened further. "Turn out your pockets!" He said through gritted teeth. Teddy finally took the blank map and showed it to the professor. "What is it?""Spare bit of parchment.""Really? Open it." Teddy opened it slowly and his chest tightened when Snape touched his wand to the paper and said, "Reveal your secrets." Ink formed on the cover. "Read it."Teddy's hands were shaking. Maybe he should've waited until the morning? "Messrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs offer their compliments to Professor Snape and..." He trailed off as he read the last part, a smile tickling his lips."Go on."Teddy looked straight into the professor's eyes. "And requests that he keeps his abnormaly large nose out of other people's business."Snape took in a furious breath. "Why you little-""Professor." Professor Lupin had walked out of the shadows. Teddy's smile faded as he attempted to hide the parchment behind his back."Well, well. Lupin." Snape slurred. "Out for a little walk... in the moonlight, are we?" He asked mockingly, yet the professor didn't look phased."You alright, Teddy?" He asked, to which Teddy nodded quickly."That remains to be seen," Snape snatched the map out of his hand and showed it to Professor Lupin. "I have just now confiscated a rather curious artifact from Mr. Potter. Take a look, Lupin. It's supposed to be your area of expertise. Clearly, it's full of dark magic."Professor Lupin simply chuckled, yet Teddy got the feeling that he somehow recognized the mysterious map. "Oh, I seriously doubt it Severus. It looks as though it's merely a parchment designed to insult anyone, who tries to read it. I suspect it's a Zonko product." Teddy gave a nervous smile. Snape tried to snatch the parchment out of Professor Lupin's hands, but he quickly held it out of his reach. "Nevertheless, I shall investigate any hidden qualities it may possess. It is, after all, as you say, my area of expertise. Teddy, would you come with me, please? Professor, good night."Teddy followed him down the hall silently. His heart was once again thumping in his chest and he could feel the guilt tumbled on top of him in waves.

Chapter 9- Execute -Remus had been astonished to see both Severus and Teddy talking quietly in the hall. What was he doing out of bed? After what happened during the Christmas holidays, surely he wouldn't have left his room unless it was important, right? He had to admit, he found slight joy in breaking up the fight and was surprised to see that Teddy had obtained a familiar sheet of parchment. "Teddy, will you come with me?" He said, leading him to the Dark Arts classroom.Once inside he rubbed his temples. He was beyond angry, he'd expected better of Teddy, but he wasn't about to jump to conclusions. "I hope you have a very good reason as to why you are out of bed so late at night. Hm?" He turned around but Teddy was staring down at his shoes."No, I- I don't.""So, you just decided to leave your room, in the middle of the night, with the risk of getting expelled, not to meant Sirius Black being on the loose, for no apparent reason?""I- I guess so."Remus fiddled with the parchment. "Teddy, I expected better from you.""I just-" Teddy started, but he didn't know what to say next. So instead, Remus changed the subject."I'm also curious as to why and how this map ended up in your possession. But I am astounded you didn't hand it in!" If Teddy could bow his head lower, he would've. "You're a good friend, Teddy. But did it never occur to you that this, in the hands of Sirius Black is a map to Harry Potter?""No. No, Professor."Remus just couldn't believe that his son would've risked getting expelled without some good reason. "Surely you had a some reason to leave your dorm this late?""Well... I did have a reason but... it isn't that good.""Oh, yeah?""Yeah, I... I thought I saw someone, on the map, that I know to be dead.""Really?""Yeah, but it was nothing." Remus tapped the map subconsciously."Alright," He sighed. "I will try talking to Snape, see if he'll let this whole mess pass quietly, but I want you to go back to your dorm and don't take any detours. If you do, I'll know." He gestured to the map, watching Teddy walk towards the door. "Just out of curiosity... who did you see?""It was nothing, probably just tired. But, I thought I saw Peter Pettigrew." Remus stiffened."That's... not possible." He whispered.Teddy shrugged. "It's just what I saw. Good night, Professor.""Teddy! Wake up!""Huh?" Teddy sat up sleepily in his seat in the Divination class room. A small crystal ball was balanced on the table he was sharing with Neville, just opposite from Harry, Ron and Hermione's table. "Broaden your minds!" Professor Trelawney shifted around the class with an energy that none of them shared. "You must look beyond, use your inner eye!""Do you mind if I try?" Hermione asked, glancing into the crystal ball and making a guess. "The Grim... possibly."Professor Trelawney sighed, disappointed. "My dear, from the first moment you stepped foot in my class... I sensed that you did not possess the proper spirit for the noble art of Divination." She was rubbing her hand and then pointed at it. "No, you see, there. You may be young in years, but the heart that beats beneath your bosom is as shriveled as an old maid's, your soul as dry as the pages of the books to which you so desperately cleave to."Teddy's mouth dropped slightly. Hermione stood up, knocking over the crystal ball and storming out of the class room. "Did I say something?" The professor asked, innocently. When the class was over Teddy took a little longer to clear up his stuff. "You go ahead." He said to Ron and Harry, pilling his books. Suddenly, his foot touched something that gave a small cling!It was the teacup he'd dropped in his first Divination class. He picked it up and put it on his desk. He looked away from a second but once he looked back, the cup was gone. He jumped as Professor Trelawney appeared next to him. "Professor, you scared me!"The professor didn't seem to hear him, she was staring at his cup. When she spoke her voice was odd, it almost echoed slightly. "The truth will be revealed!" She gasped."What?""Father and son will be reunited! But tonight the pup will be tested, family or friends! Tonight when the moon is highest-" Teddy stumbled, accidentally knocking the cup from her hand. It shattered on the ground and the professor seemed to snap out of her trance. "Oh, hello Teddy. Did you want something?" She asked.Teddy shook his head. "No, I- I was just leaving."He passed Harry in the corridor, he was holding a crystal ball, the one Hermione had knocked over. "You okay Teddy, you look like you've seen a ghost?""I'm fine, the Professor just... never mind." He practically ran out of the room, taking the stairs three at a time."Teddy! Over here!" Hermione and Ron were waiting for him in the courtyard. "Did you hear?""Huh?""Hagrid didn't tell us, we overheard Malfoy talking about it.""Talking about what?"Teddy waited for their response.Hermione sighed. "Buckbeak went on trial.""He did!" Teddy's mind flashed back to his first Care of Magical Creatures class. "What happened? Is Buckbeak gonna be okay?"Hermione dipped her head. "He's going to be executed soon.""Hey guys, what's going on?" Harry looked just as pale as Teddy did when he left the Divination classroom, but seemed more concerned about the sad looks his friends were sharing."We'll explain on the way." Teddy straightened up, placing his books under one of the courtyard chairs, he'd collect them later."On the way to where?""On the way to Hagrid's."

Chapter 10- The Whomping Willow -Teddy mouth dropped open as Hermione's fist smashed into Malfoy's nose. The bully stumbled back in pain, his henchmen rushing to help him, whilst keeping there distance from the fuming girl. The three boys ran away and Teddy couldn't help but laugh at their faces. "That felt good." Hermione panted from the adrenaline rush."Not good, brilliant!" Ron gasped, making Hermione smile slightly.Hagrid was surprised to see they'd come down to visit. "Come in, come in." He said. "The kettle's boiling."Buckbeak was tied up among the pumpkin patch and squawked in welcome as they passed by and into Hagrid's hut. "Why didn't you tell us about the hearing? Or the execution for that matter?" Hermione asked straight away."I didn't want tah worry you all." He sighed, looking out the window at the graceful Hippogriff. " Look at him. Loves the smell of the trees when the wind blows through them."Teddy held the cup of tea that Hagrid poured him, but didn't drink from it. "Why don't we just set him free?" He asked."They'd know it was me, and then Dumbledore... would get into trouble. He's coming down, Dumbledore. Says he wants to be with me when they... When it happens." Hargid cleared his throat, trying to swallow his sadness. "Great man, Dumbledore. A great man.""We're staying with you too, Hagrid." Teddy said, setting down his cup."You'll do no such thing." Hagrid straightened. "Think I want you seeing something like that? No. You just drink your tea and be off. Oh. Before you do, Ron..." He reached towards a cabnet and pulled out a squirming Scabbers."Scabbers! I thought I'd lost you!" Ron took the rat with both hands."Ya gotta keep a closer eye on you pets, Ron.""I think you owe someone an apology." Said Hermione.Ron nodded, struggling to hold on to Scabbers who was trying to make a run for it. "Right, next time I see your pan-faced cat, I'll make sure to tell him." Hermione's eyes darkened and her hands twitched, as if they yearned to strangle him.Teddy cleared his throat, leaning over and whispering into Ron's ear. "I think she meant her.""Oh," Ron mouthed. Suddenly something flew through the window, smashing one of the pots."Blimey, what was that?" Hagrid asked.Harry winced, something had flown through the window and had hit him on the back of his head. He turned around and froze. "Hagrid, they're coming." Teddy ran over to the window and peered out. Sure enough, the Minister for Magic, Dumbledore and a black hooded man carrying a huge axe, were walking down the hill towards them.Hagrid was running round his hut, covering his creatures with blankets and collecting their tea. "It's late. It's nearly dark." He panted. "You shouldn't be here. Someone sees you outside the castle at this time of night, you'll be in trouble. Big trouble. Especially you Teddy."There was a knock at the door."With you in a moment! Quick. Quick!" The half-giant whispered, shooing them out the back door."Hagrid, it'll be fine." Harry said."Go!" The four of them bent down, hiding behind the pumpkin patch. Hagrid had opened his front door and had allowed the visitors inside. Teddy could only hear parts of their conversation, as they slowly made there way around the pumpkin patch."Would you like some tea...""Love some..."" It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures... hippogriff known as Buckbeak... executed... at sundown." Teddy heard sniffles next to him and he glanced at Hermione. She was on the brink of tears. But suddenly she spun around, looking into the forest behind them."What is it?""I thought I saw... never mind."Ron whispered, still holding the squirming Scabbers. "Let's go."They ran up the gravel path, but all stopped further up the hill. Hagrid's hut was out of sight behind the trees. Suddenly, there was a loud Thunk! And crows flew up into the sky.The quiet moment seemed to last on forever. Teddy just couldn't believe what had happened. "Buckbeak didn't deserve that.""Ow!" Ron hissed, dropping Scabbers and holding up his now bleeding finger. "He bit me!"Remus had finished marking his student's homework. The Marauders Map was open on his desk. He sighed, leaning back in his chair. He remembered the last time he'd seen this map. James, Sirius, Peter and himself had decided to hide it in the Gryffindor common room, hoping that one day, someone would find it and make good use of it. How on earth had Teddy gotten hold of it?At that moment he saw a name on the map. Teddy's name. His finger underlined it subconsciously as he read it over and over in his head. 'Teddy Lupin'. He wondered if Teddy had seen it. Had his son bothered to look at his own name on the map?Teddy was joined by three other names. Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger and... Peter Pettigrew! He watched in horror as the names all moved closer and closer to the Whomping Willow, where they were joined by one more name. Sirius Black. The suddenly, all the names disappeared off the map.He jumped up so quickly he knocked over his chair. Remus didn't even bother grabbing his cloak nor closing the map, instead he ran out of the classroom, wand in hand, and towards the Whomping Willow.He was panting by the time he reached the tree. The branches flew wildly, as if sensing his presence. "Immobulus!" He flicked his wand and the tree went still, immobilized. The familiar passageway in the roots of the tree brought back bad memories. But he forced himself forward. The tunnel was quite, but as he drew closer to the end he heard voices.The Shrieking Shack was just as ruined as he remembered. The wooden floor boards were constantly groaning under his weight as he slowly walked up the stairs. He turned the corner to see Harry on top of Sirius, pinning him down and pointing his wand right between the shabby man's eyes.In the corner, Ron was holding both his rat and his bleeding leg tenderly, Hermione was at his side watching Harry with wide eyes.Standing by the half-smashed grand piano, frozen with his wand in hand, was Teddy.Teddy's eyes never left Sirius. He had reflexively taken a step forward when Harry had tackled the escaped prisoner to the ground. His wand was pointed downwards but he was ready to raise it and defend his friend if necessary. He jumped when someone entered the room and yelled, "Expelliarmus!"Harry's wand went flying and Teddy pointed his at the newcomer, only to realize it was Professor Lupin. Taking a relaxed breath he lowered his arm slowly. Harry got off of Sirius and stood next to Hermione, who quickly held onto his arm. "Well, well Sirius. Look rather ragged, aren't we?" He said. "Finally, the flesh reflects the madness within."The professor took a few slow steps forward and Teddy wandered what would happen next. Would they bring him to the Dementors? Or back to the school? Or would he actually consider... no. No matter how hard he tried, Teddy couldn't imagine the professor taking the life of another unless it was absolutely necessary, even if it was the life of a cold-hearted mass murderer.But what Sirius said next raised the hairs on the back of his neck. "Well you'd know all about the madness within, wouldn't you Remus?"Teddy looked up at Professor Lupin, but he didn't meet his eyes nor did he looked as frightened as Teddy felt. Instead, he was smiling and offering his hand to the shaggy haired man, helping him up onto his feet then embracing him in a hug. Teddy couldn't believe what he was seeing. He could literally, feel his heart break and his trust for the professor shatter into a million pieces."It's him." Sirius said whilst hugging the professor like a long lost friend."I understand." Remus replied."Let's kill him!""No!" Hermione gasped in disbelief.Professor Lupin seemed to remember that they were all there and his green eyes skipped from Hermione to Teddy. Teddy had raised his wand hand again, pointing it defensively at the professor. He tried to put on a brave face and hide his hurt, but he failed miserably. "You've been his friend... all this time, you've been his friend!" He said, his voice getting louder and louder with anger."Teddy I-""I trusted you!" He yelled, wand shaking in his wavering grip. "I kept your secret, you were there for me when I needed you but... but you never did it for yourself did you? You were only helping me so to avoid any suspicion weren't you?""No, Teddy, I didn't-""Secret, what secret?" Harry asked, looking between Teddy and his Dark Arts Professor.Teddy didn't bother to keep the truth hidden, everyone deserved to know. "He's a werewolf, like me. He told me on our first night at Hogwarts, said he'd always have my back.""I always will Teddy, please you have to listen to me.""No! I don't want to hear any more lies!""And you won't promise. Please, just let me explain-"Sirius growled. "Oh, enough talk Remus! Come on, let's kill him!" Hermione's gripped tightened on Harry's arm."Wait!" Remus said, but Sirius' patience had run its course."I'VE DONE MY WAITING!" He shouted. "Twelve years of it! In Azkaban!"Everything went silent and all eyes were on Remus who was looking between Harry and Teddy and back to Harry. His head dropped in defeat as he handed his wand to Sirius. "Very well, kill him. But wait one more moment, Harry has the right to know why.""I know why. You betrayed my parents!" Harry glared at Sirius. "You're the reason they're dead."Remus took a step toward Harry but stopped when Teddy pointed his wand threateningly at him. "Don't take another step!" He saw the hurt in his eyes, but refused to believe it. Soon, he would drop the pleading, innocent and sorrowful act... soon."No, Harry it wasn't him. Somebody did betray your parents, but it was somebody who, until quite recently, I believed to be dead!""Who was it then?" Harry demanded."Peter Pettigrew!" Sirius said aloud and Teddy straightened, remembering to when he had seen the name on the map. "And he's in this room, right now!" There was an insane look in Sirius eyes and he yelled loudly. "Come out, come out, Peter! Come out, come out and play!"A new figure entered the room, flicking his wand. "Expelliarmus!" Teddy watched as Remus' wand flew out of Sirius' hand and into Snape's. "Oh, vengeance is sweet, how I hoped I would be the one to catch you, Sirius.""Severus..." Remus took a small step towards Snape but back away when the professor pointed his wand towards him."I told Dumbledore you were helping an old friend into the castle. Here's the proof!"Teddy's arm had gone numb from holding it up for so long yet he didn't dare move. Sirius seemed to roll his eyes at Snape. "Brilliant, Snape. Once again you've put your keen mind and penetrating to the task and come to the wrong conclusion. Now, if you'll excuse us, Remus and I have some unfinished business to attend to-"The tip of Snape's wand dug softly into Sirius' neck. "Give me a reason. I beg you."Remus spoke, trying to reason with the Potions Master. "Severus, don't be a fool-"Sirius scoffed. "He can't help it by now, it's habit!""Sirius, be quiet-""Oh, quiet yourself Remus!""Look at you two, quarreling like an old married couple." Snape almost smirked but Sirius spat at his feet."Why don't you run along and play with your chemistry set?" The wand dug deeper into his neck." I could do it, you know. But why deny the dementors? They're so longing to see you." Sirius let out a small breath of fear which Snape almost smiled to. "Do I detect a flicker of fear? Oh, yes. A Dementor's Kiss. One can only imagine what that must be like. It's said to be nearly unbearable to witness, but I'll do my best.""Severus please," Remus once again tried reasoning with the Potions Master."After you." He ordered, pointing to the door. Teddy's wand was still in hand, yet he didn't know who to point it at anymore. Suddenly there was a yell, "Expelliarmus!" and Snape was flung back into an old canopy bed which crumbled from his weight. Teddy looked over at Harry who was holding Hermione's wand."Harry! What did you just do?" He shouted.

I had a lot of funny writing this chapter! I think this part of the movie was always my favourite!Enjoy!Chapter 11- Father and Son -"You attacked a teacher!" Hermione gasped. Harry looked just as surprised as the other yet didn't seem to be able to speak. So Teddy jumped in standing in front of the other, steady his wand hand. "Teddy-" Remus once again tried to reason with him, but he cut him off."Tell me about Peter Pettigrew!""He was at school with us," Remus explained. "We thought he was our friend!""No. Pettigrew's dead, he killed him!" He pointed his wand at Sirius but Remus stood in his way."No, he didn't. I thought so too, until you mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the map!""It was a mistake, I told you.""The map never lies!" Sirius yelled. "Pettigrew is alive! And he's right there!" He pointed a bony finger towards Ron who cradled Scabbers in fear."Me? He's mental!""Not you, your rat!"Ron shook his head in disbelief. "Scabbers has been in my family over-""Twelve years! Curiously long life for a common garden rat."The pieces began to click in Teddy's mind, but he refused to believe them without further proof. His eyes flicked from Sirius, who was walking closer and closer to Ron, to Professor Lupin. The professor was also looking between Sirius and him, trying to read Teddy, to see what he was thinking. It was like he only cared about what he thought of him."He's missing a toe isn't he?" Sirius continued."So what?" Ron squealed back."All they could find of Pettigrew was his..." Harry mumbled."Finger!" Sirius finished for him. "The dirty coward cut it off so everyone would think he was dead! then he transformed into a rat!"Teddy took another step towards him, his brow set. "Show me!" Sirius gave a small grin before attempting to pull the screeching rat out of Ron's hands. "Give it to him, Ron!"Finally, Sirius held the rat up in the air, grabbing Snape's wand off the ground. Teddy didn't know how, but somehow Professor Lupin had also retrieved his wand and was pointing it at the furry pet. Sirius put the rat on the piano and it dashed off. Teddy flinched as the two men thrusted their wands in its direction, but missed. The rat ran under the piano and towards a hole in the wall, but as it jumped through Sirius and Remus thrusted there wands and the rat began to change.Teddy almost dropped his wand in surprise as Professor Lupin and Sirius Black pulled a dirty, short, balding man out of the wall. The man pushed away from them, sniffing in a rat-like fashion. "Peter Pettigrew..." Teddy murmered in disbelief. So, they hadn't been lying.The man was revolting to look at as he stammered his words. "R-Remus? S-Sirius? My old friends- grr!" He tried to run past them, but he was out numbered and was thrown back across the room. Peter looked around for an exit and his eyes rested on Harry, standing alone against the wall. "Harry!" He jumped in excitement, running towards him."Harry! You're look so much like your father, like James. He and I were the best of friends...""How dare you speak to Harry!" Sirius exploded and Peter ran back against the wall. "How dare you talk to him about James!"Teddy was no longer pointing his wand, in fact, he heard a small clink noise as his wand hit the floor. That was enough to get Peter's attention. He looked down at the wand, making a dash for it. But Teddy was quicker and aimed it at the rat-like man. "Oh, Teddy!" He now gasped, as if he was an old family friend."Just like your mother!" Out of the corner of his eye, Teddy saw Professor Lupin tense. "So brave, so bold.""Y-you knew my... my mother?" Teddy felt like throwing up, his stomach was just as tangled as his mind.Peter barely listened to him as he continued to ramble on. "She was a Ravenclaw too, she'd would've spared me. Wouldn't she Remus? Tell him Remus!" He begged."Quiet, Peter!" He yelled. His reasoning tone of voice was gone."Y-you knew my mother, Professor?" Teddy stammered. "H-how did you know her? Why didn't you tell me?""Such a lovely woman- always had a kind heart-" Peter continued, speaking so quickly his words all came out in one. "Oh, but his eyes and hair and- Oh, Remus, he looks just like his father!""Enough!" Remus tugged Peter away from Teddy defensively. Peter ran behind the piano, trembling."Answer me!" Teddy demanded, walking towards the professor. "How did you know them?"Professor Lupin looked towards Teddy with sorrowful eyes. "She... I knew your mother when I was at school. And I was there when she passed away... after having you.""And my father?"Everything went silent, except for Peter's constant sniffs."Your father..." Professor Lupin began."Tell me!""Gah!" Peter had tried making a run for it."Please, Teddy, can we talk about this later." It wasn't really a question and Teddy had the feeling the Professor was trying to delay the inevitable."So beautiful- he's got your eyes-" Peter continued, looking as if he was having a fit. "Got your eyes Remus, doesn't he? Doesn't he?"Teddy's head slowly turned to the professor. "W-what is he talking about?"But the professor didn't respond, he didn't look like he knew how."He looks just like you Remus-""You're lying!" Teddy yelled at Peter. "Professor Lupin, tell me he's lying!"The professor looked down for a second, then forced to glance back at Teddy. "He's not lying Teddy... I am your father."Teddy couldn't breath, it was as if his lungs refused to work. He stumbled back, staring around dizzily. He felt as if he was stuck in a room full of strangers. "Enough of this!" Sirius cried, glaring at Peter. "Remus, let's finish him! You sold James and Lily to Voldemort didn't you, Peter?""I didn't mean to- the Dark Lord, you have no idea the powers he possesses! Ask yourself Sirius, you too Remus! What would you have done?""I would've died!" Sirius shook with anger. "I would've dared rather than betray my friends!" Teddy's mind was in the other room as Peter crawled under the piano and ran towards him. The moment Peter's grubby, long nailed hands touched his shoulder he snapped out of his trance. "Teddy, your mother wouldn't have wanted me dead! She would've spared me, she would've shown me mercy!"Peter was pulled off of him by Professor Lupin. "Don't you dare touch him again!""You should've realized, Peter," Sirius yelled, joining his mate in circling the traitor. "That if Voldemort didn't kill you then we would, together!""Stop!" Teddy ran to them, standing in the way of their wands. Remus was panting from chasing after Peter. "Teddy, this man is-""I know what he is. But we'll take him to the castle."Peter let out a sigh and tried gripping onto Teddy's leg. "Bless you boy, bless you.""Got off!" He pulled his leg away. "I said we'd take you to the castle. After that, the Dementors can have you."Remus grabbed Peter by his shirt, not letting him out of his sight. Sirius had moved to help Ron get up. Teddy looked up at the professor- his father.But he didn't meet his eyes and silently, Teddy followed the others out of the Shrieking Shack and into the tunnel. He barely listened to others until they were near the end of the tunnel. He heard a grunt and then his father's voice. "Don't even think about it." There was another yell and Peter was making a run for it. Teddy whipped out his wand and Peter stopped.Remus caught up but Teddy showed no sign of lowering his wand. They'd fallen behind and the others had already left the tunnel. Teddy wasn't about to let the chance to talk with his birth father slip away. "Why didn't you tell me?" He asked."I... I didn't know when the right time was. I wanted to protect you from this, from everything."Peter sniffled but Teddy hissed him to be quiet. The grubby traitor had ruined what should've been the greatest moment in his life, being reunited with his father. Finally, they reached the exit. The Whomping Willow was still frozen in place from Remus' previous charm. Pettigrew exploded in a fit of whimpers and sniffles. "Turn me into a maggot! Turn me into a Flobberworm! Anything but the Dementors!"Ron was resting against the Willow's roots, clutching his bleeding, broken leg. "Ron!" Peter practically jumped on him. "Haven't I been a good friend? A good pet? You won't let them give me to the Dementors, will you? I was your rat!" He suddenly turned to Hermione. "Sweet girl! Clever girl! Surely you won't let them-""Get off her!" Remus once again, pried his ex-friend away. Teddy noticed Harry and Sirius standing together, looking at Hogwarts in all its glory. They looked so relaxed around each other, like family or old friends. He didn't want to admit it but... he envied that feeling."Teddy, please I'm begging you-""Oh, shut up!" Peter flinched back at his words. Remus looked at his son. He truely did look just like him, and was as strong as his mother. He opened his mouth to speak to him but suddenly, Hermione was on her feet and crying out to Sirius and Harry."Harry!"

Chapter 12- Orb of the Night -"Harry!" Teddy looked at Hermione, wondering what was wrong. She was pointing off into the distance. Teddy's eyes followed her finger until he saw the source of her concern. In the distance a bright light was rising from behind the mountains and clouds. The full moon.Teddy had completely forgotten. And suddenly a sharp pain appeared in his chest. But it was okay, he'd be fine and so would his friends. He was in full control after his transformation. But suddenly he heard another groan.Remus was still staring at the moon, his body shaking. Dread his Teddy like a meteor. "Remus, my old friend!" Sirius was running towards Remus. "Have you taken your potion tonight?" But Remus could only reply by doubling over in pain. Teddy could sense Harry running to Ron and Hermione, but he didn't look at them as he found himself on the ground.His muscles ached as his bone snapped in and out of place, reshaping themselves. "You know the man you truly are, Remus! This heart is where you truly live! This heart here!" Sirius was holding onto of Remus, who were screaming in pain. "This flesh is only flesh! Remus!"Remus' wand fell from his hand and Peter quickly picked it up. With a swift flick he threw Sirius away and aimed it back at Remus. "No!" Teddy groaned."Experliarmus!" Harry shouted and the wand flipped out of his grip. But Peter simply smiled and waved goodbye. Soon he had disappeared as was replaced by a rat the ran off into the night. Harry made a run for it, but Teddy faced him, eyes glowing, holding up his hand to stop him. "Harry, no-" He growled.Once more a yell of pain escaped Remus' fanged mouth. Teddy, with much effort, ran over to him trying to help. He didn't know what he was trying to do, there was nothing he could do.Just before he could reach his father and fell to the floor in pain. His eye sight became blurry as he stumbled to the left. There was the tearing of cloth, animal grunts and then silence.Werewolf Teddy was lying on his side, panting. It took a while for his energy to return. As he laid there, he tried to find his father. But instead, a Werewolf had taken his place. It was the first time Teddy had seen another werewolf. They looked quiet similar, except that Werewolf Remus was considerably bigger than him."Hermione-" She heard Ron hiss quietly and Teddy watched as the frizzy haired girl took a few steps towards the professor."Professor?" She said nervously. Werewolf Remus looked up at her, panting tiredly. For a moment Werewolf Teddy's heart beat slowed as he watched intently. "Professor Lupin?"Suddenly, the large Werewolf's head reared back and he let out a long low howl. Teddy felt a strange sensation when he heard the howl, it was as if his animal instincts were telling him to join his father, who was on all fours and creeping towards his friends."Good doggy. Good doggy." Ron was saying, terrified. His broken leg stopping him from running. A familiar figure emerged from the Whomping Willow's tunnel. Professor Snape glared at Harry. "Potter!" He hissed. Werewolf Remus let out a growl and Snape turned around, spreading his arms out protectively in front of the students.Werewolf Remus' hand raised, preparing to swipe down on them, but a dash of black appeared out of nowhere. Sirius, now in his Animagus form, growled, baring his white canines. Werewolf Teddy's strength was finally returning and he watched as the two fought loudly. There was a high pitched yelp as Sirius was thrown against a large boulder.Werewolf Teddy let out a whimper as the black dog failed to get to his feet again. Werewolf Remus opened his jaws in rumbling growl, aiming to sink his teeth into the dog's pelt. Suddenly, a rock flew and hit the back of his head. He turned around to see Harry holding another rock defensively.Grrrr!Werewolf Teddy's heart raced as he jumped out of the shadows and landed between the two of them. The older Werewolf straightened, having not realised he was not alone in his hunt. Werewolf Teddy stood uncertainly as Werewolf Remus inspected him. He couldn't quite explain it but there was a connection between the two of them, like an invisible thread.It suddenly became clear to Teddy that the Werewolf, although it was not using words, was talking to him. He understood the meaning of simple gestures and sounds. Such as a twitch of the ear, or a low growl, or how his claws scratched at the dirt. The movements would've been almost invisible to the human eye, but Teddy understood them all. It was as simple as breathing."Dad." He said softly, edging closer and closer to him until they were only a few centimetres away from each other.Werewolf Remus hesitated before responding. "Pup."Werewolf Teddy's ears pricked up, showing the sense of joy in him. Werewolf Remus sniffed him, before nuzzling him warmly. Suddenly, there was a crack of twig and Werewolf Remus' attention went back to the four humans trying to sneak away. He growled and Teddy thought quickly, once again jumping in front of his path. Werewolf Remus' fatherly, protective attitude was gone and replaced by anger and confusion."Humans. Bite." He grunted."No, Dad. Friends.""Move."The Werewolf ordered his pup, but Werewolf Teddy shook his head slightly. "Move!"To make a point, Werewolf Teddy only walked closer to his friends. Snape watched as the smaller of the Werewolves moved closer and closer to them. He wiped out his wand reflexively. "Reducto!" He said strongly."Stop!" Hermione yelled trying to stop him. The spell hit Werewolf Teddy, causing him to be repelled backwards. Werewolf Teddy whimpered as he hit the trunk of the Whomping Willow. He heard a loud growl of anger and a bark. He immediately got to his feet, limping slightly. A splinted had dug into the paw of his front foot but he ignored the sharp pain.Sirius, still in dog form, had regained consciousness and was attacking the large Werewolf with all his might, until finally the Werewolf ran after him towards the Dark Forest. "Harry, wait!" Hermione cried.Harry was running after them yelling, "Sirius!"Werewolf Teddy, hesitated before trying to follow him. But he'd lost sight of him and the wind blew away his scent.He pricked his ears but all he could hear was a distant whimper and then... silence. His glowing golden eyes peered into the darkness around him, sniffing the cold night air. What had happened? Was Sirius okay? And Harry? What about his father, Remus?He forced himself to calm down, putting his nose to the ground again. Nothing. But suddenly...Crack!He turned around in time to see two figures hide behind a tree. Defensively, he let out a small growl, peering around the trunk. But he stopped. Cowering together was Harry and Hermione. Where'd they come from? He'd last seen Hermione back by the Whomping Willow, there was no way she could've caught up with him. And Harry had been chasing after Sirius and Remus."Teddy, it's us. Your friends." Harry said slowly. Werewolf Teddy gave a small whimper in reply, taking a step back to show he meant no harm.His eyes rested on something hanging from Hermione's neck. A long golden chain with a shining hourglass on the end. He sniffed it, looking up at Hermione. Suddenly, in the distance he heard a long howl. He straightened, looking in the direction it had come from, then glancing back at his friends."Go!" Harry said, taking Hermione's hand and running. To where he was running, he had no idea, but he gave a small nod and ran off into the darkness. His ears twitched left to right, following the smallest of sounds. A bark, a crack of a branch, a growl.Finally, he found the source of the noise by a large lake. Werewolf Remus and Dog-Sirius were still fighting by the lake's edge. Once again, Sirius was getting thrown about until Teddy ran and slammed head first into his father's side. The two Werewolves rolled over in the sand. "Stop!" Teddy pleaded, looking his father dead in the eye."Pup. Move. Now!" He panted in reply."No. Protect. Friends."Suddenly, Werewolf Remus raised his head to the night sky. An all too familiar shiver ran down Werewolf Teddy's spine. "Danger!" He sensed."Dementors!" His father whimpered.At that moment black hooded figures flew down from the sky. They paid little attention to the Werewolves and instead flew towards Harry and Sirius, who was now back in human form. Werewolf Teddy was rooted to the spot, he couldn't move. Then suddenly, something was pushing him away. His father was at his side, forcing Werewolf Teddy to move. "Run!""No. Friends!" He tried to run to Harry's side, but Werewolf Remis blocked his path. The adult Werewolf looked worried, concerned for his pup's safety."Run. Pup. Run!" He howled and Werewolf Teddy once again felt the invisible tether between them, telling him to follow the call of his own kind.Eventually, the two ran off to the other end of the lake. Werewolf Teddy didn't have time to stop but he could've sworn he saw Harry running towards the lake. But that was impossible! He was already with Sirius by the water's edge. Soon they were further into the Dark Forest.Usually, during full moons, Werewolf Teddy was always full of energy, as if deep down he'd always longed to run through the forest like he was doing now. But now he was tired and had to stop. Werewolf Remus walked towards him sniffing him to see if he was okay."Tired.""Rest."Werewolf Teddy didn't need to be told twice. He followed his father to a large tree stump, where they both lied down beside each other. The young Werewolf's eyes closed heavily as he fell asleep to the steady beat of his father's heart.

Hi, Readers.Here we go, the last chapter during the events of 'The Prisoner of Azkaban'.Some of you have asked me whether or not I will be continuing this story into 'The Goblet of Fire'.The answer is yes! I will be continuing the story!At first I was planning on stopping here, but then I had some ideas I wanted to write. I also appreciate those who have sent lovely comments, and shared some of their own ideas, its nice to hear what other people imagine to happen next.Anyway, I hope you enjoy this chapter. Which is by far my favourite and actually took a few tries to get right, but I'm loving the results.Chapter 13- We'll Meet Again -Teddy woke up in a hospital bed with his usual post-transformation headache and muscle pains. Dark circles had formed under his eyes as usual. But this time was different. He hissed in pain as he tried to push himself up. His hands were wrapped up in a bandages. He untangled it and looked at his bleeding palms in pain. "Teddy1" He looked up to see Ron in a hospital bed just opposite of him."Ron! Is your leg okay?" He asked in worry. Ron's leg was wrapped in a thick cast and looked painful."It's fine. How about you? You look terrible."It was true. Teddy saw his reflection in the bedpan on his neighbors bedside table. His skin was pale and an unhealthy gray colour, scratches decorated his cheek, neck and there was a large bruise next to his right eye from Professor Snape's spell. "I'm fine.""You've been out cold for a while. What happened?""Wait, how long have I been out?""Two days.""I've been out for two days!" Teddy jumped in surprise and winced."Ah, Tedson." Madam Pomfrey said, walking towards him. "It would appear you had a rough full moon." Teddy touched the bruise near his eye."How did I get here?" He asked trying to push down the covers and get to his feet, but the Hogwarts nurse pushed him down."Professor Lupin brought you in two days ago.""Professor Lupin? Where is he now?" He asked, looking around the Hospital Wing. "Is he still here?""No, he refused to stay for even one night. I offered to treat him this morning, but he said he had to talk to Professor Dumbledore." She sighed in frustration before turning around a picking up a small bowl and with a flick of her wand, filled it with water. Her delicate hand dabbed a small towel in the water but as she turned around, Teddy's bed was empty and he was quickly getting changed into his robes which had been put on his bedside table. "Where do you think you're going?""Sorry Madam Pomfrey, but I need to find the Professor." He said, slipping his feet into his shoes and quickly exiting the Hospital Wing. "See you later, Ron."He closed the door behind him. "Teddy!" He looked down at Hermione who had wrapped her arms around him in a warm hug. Harry was walking up behind her. "How are you feeling, Ted?" He asked."Fine. I'm just going to see my dad." He said, walking past them and down the hall. Harry and Hermione exchanged a glance before following after him."Teddy, there's something you should know-""Can it wait? I heard he went to Dumbledore's office and I want to get there before he leaves. Oh, and by the way you two have some serious explaining to do.""What do you mean?""Well, during the full moon I could've sworn you were in two places at once."Hermione was having trouble keeping up with him as he turned a corner quickly. "We'll explain that later, but Teddy, we need to tell you something else.""Tell me at lunch, Hermione.""This really can't wait. It's important that you know-""Sorry, Hermione but I really don't have time- oh, great." He groaned. "Here comes trouble."Draco Malfoy and his goons were gliding towards him, mischievous smiles illuminating their faces. Teddy didn't stop walking, in fact he quickened his pace, not meeting their eyes."Welcome back to the land of the living." Draco grinned, walking beside Teddy who look determinedly ahead."I'm not in the mood, Draco.""So, is it true?""Is what true?" He said, taking the stairs two at a time, climbing to the seventh floor where Professor Dumbledore's office was."That the filthy half-breed Professor is your long lost daddy?"Teddy froze halfway up the moving staircase, spinning around. "I'm sorry, what?"Draco ignored his question. "I heard that you and Lupin actually attempted to attack Professor Snape.""We- I did nothing of the sort! Besides, how could you possibly know that, you weren't even there?" He saw Harry and Hermione glance at him then at each other."Professor Snape told Slytherin everything. Now everyone knows what happened." Draco said, leaning against the staircase railing. "My father told me he'd handle the half-breed scum, but I told him he didn't need to worry about it."Teddy's hand had curled into a fist at his side. "Oh, yeah? And why's that?""Because the Professor is currently in Dumbledore's office getting sacked."Teddy's eyes widened before he turned on his heel and dashed up the stairs."Teddy!" Harry called out and the two Gryffindor's ran after him. But Teddy made it to the Headmaster's office first and was inside by the time they caught up. Teddy didn't even bother knocking, he ran straight into the office.Professor Dumbledore was behind his desk, and peered up at him from behind his half-moon glasses. "Teddy, it's good to see you on your feet. Are you feeling alright?"Teddy had grown tired of everyone asking him that, so he got straight to the point. "Where's my dad? You can't sack him, you can't! It wasn't his fault!""I'm afraid that's out of my hands, Teddy. See, it was your fathers choice to resign.""Resign? You mean... he's not fired?" Teddy's heart beat slowed, yet he showed no signs of relaxing."Of course not.""So, he quit on purpose? Why?"The Headmaster sighed, looking him sadly. "I think we both know the answer to that, Mr Lupin."Teddy slumped down in the seat in front of Professor Dumbledore's desk. "But, he won't have a job?""Actually, I was able to pull some strings and find Remus a stable job. He should be fine." It was good to hear that but it didn't fill the hole in Teddy's stomach. He'd finally reunited with his father, only to have him be taken away once again."I'm gonna miss him." He admitted and Dumbledore got up from his chair, resting a wrinkled hand on his shoulder."This won't be the last time you'll see him, I promise. I believe he's in his office packing, if you wish to see him.""Thank you, Professor." He forced a smile to his lips before leaving the room. But he stopped before opening the door. "Oh, I nearly forgot.""Hm?""Sirius Black, what happened to him?"The Professor flashed a smile. "It would appear that Sirius Black has once more, defied expectations and has... escaped.""How?""You may want to ask your friends about that. Have a good day, Teddy.""You too, Professor." He exited the room and saw Harry and Hermione waiting for him."Was he in there? Dumbledore can't fire him, he can't!""He wasn't sacking my dad. He resigned.""What?"Teddy sighed, shaking his head and walking down the hall slowly. Students jumped out of Teddy's way when he passed by, giving him uneasy looks."We're sorry that Malfoy was the one to tell you-""It's okay guys, you were trying to tell me. I just wasn't listening.""So, what now?"Teddy thought for a second. "I'm... gonna go say goodbye to my dad.""Do you want us to come?""No, this is something I think i should do alone."The three of them exchanged a quick nod, then Teddy traveled to the Dark Arts classroom. More students kept their distance from him, as if he might transform at any moment, despite it being the middle of the day. A part of him wished they'd go back to teasing him instead. It was much better to be laughed at, than it was to be feared.But he guessed this would become his new normal, even after he left school. The hate that followed Werewolves was going to catch up with him eventually, and now it had. Finally, he reached the Dark Arts room and was safe from judgmental eyes. He heard movement in his father's study and quietly walked towards the door. "Hello, Teddy." Remus greeted him, facing the other way. "I saw you coming."He turned around and pointed at the Marauder's Map opened on top of his desk. Teddy tried to hold back his shock. Remus looked even worse than he did. With pale skin - that made the two old scars running down his face more noticeable - , dark sunken eyes and an array of scratches across his face and neck. Remus could see the shock in Teddy's eyes and gave a comforting smile. "I've looked worse, believe me.""You resigned." Teddy said looking around the room, which had become unmistakably bare. Suitcases were stacked on one side of the room and old papers were burning in the fireplace.He sighed in reply. "Yes, I did. It would appear that someone let slip the nature of my condition. This time tomorrow, the owls will start arriving and parents will not want... well, someone like me teaching their children.""But Dumbledore-""Has risked enough on my behalf. Besides, people like me are... Well, let's just say that I'm used to it by now." He flicked his wand and the last of the suitcases packed itself and closed with a small click! Teddy was staring at the suitcase sadly. "Why do you look so miserable, Teddy?""I just... I feel like I just got you back. Like, I finally found my family, where I belong and now you're leaving."The Professor walked around his desk towards his son and placed his hand under his cheek. Then he wrapped him a giant hug. Teddy at first went ridged but then relaxed into his father's arms. "Take me with you." He pleaded."I'm sorry, Teddy. It's like before... I want to give you your best chance. Maybe one day, but not now."Teddy didn't want to let go, so he hugged tighter. "I just don't wanna lose you. Where's your new job? Is it far?""Actually, it's in Hogsmeade.""So, I can see you next year?" Teddy felt stupid as his father wiped a tear from his eye. Usually he never cried in front of adults, but he felt suddenly vulnerable. "Of course.""And you'll visit the orphanage, right?""Whenever I can." Teddy sniffed, ignoring his aching muscles. Eventually, he let go and took a step back, blushing slightly. "I'm proud of you, Teddy. You are so much like your mother.""What was she like?" He asked."She was brave, smart, stubborn... but also wise and caring. You have her heart.""But I have your good looks, right?" He laughed softly. Remus ruffled his son's hair before picking up his wand and coat."Now, as I am no longer your teacher, I feel no guilt whatsoever about giving this back to you." He motioned to the map. "So now I'll say goodbye, Teddy. I'll make sure to visit you again sometime. Until then... mischief managed." The map folded itself up and returned to a normal, blank sheet of parchment. When Teddy looked up his father was gone. He looked out into the classroom to see him walking towards the door silently.The pit feeling returned in Teddy's stomach. But he knew this wouldn't be the last time they'd see each other.To be continued...

Sup Readers!Hope you enjoy my version of 'The Goblet of Fire'.PrologueTeddy groaned, rolling over in his bed. There was this annoying rustling noise in his ears, driving him insane. After covering his head with his blanket and getting no new results, he opened his eyes tiredly. Sitting on the edge of his bed, staring down at him with big brown eyes, was an owl. In its beak it held a letter, Teddy almost instantly recognized the handwriting."Do you know what time it is?" He growled, but the owl just cocked its head and dropped the letter on his chest. Slowly, the fourteen-year-old propped himself up in his bed and pulled out his wand. "Lumos." He whispered and the tip of his wand lit up.There was a slight groan and Teddy glanced at the other sleeping orphans. With careful hands he quietly opened the letter and begun to read his father's writing. The owl watched him, fluffing its feathers.Dear Teddy,By the time this letter reaches you it should be at least one o'clock in the morning.Teddy glanced at the old clock hanging on the wall and gave a silent laugh. It was exactly one o'clock on the dot.My apologies for waking you up. I read your last letter and yes, I am doing fine. I have been working part time in the various shops in Hogsmeade but I am currently waiting tables at the Three Broomsticks for Madam Rosmerta. I'm sorry this is so short notice but the Weasley's owl seemed to have gotten lost on its way to me. In short, I received their letter three days later than I should have... Anyway, the Weasley's have asked whether or not we would like to join them on a little trip. I can't say where for I'll ruin the surprise, but I know Harry and Hermione will be there so I thought you might enjoy it. I will be passing by the orphanage in a few hours, don't worry I've sent an owl to the Matron. Make sure you've packed your stuff for school, because I will be dropping you off at Platform nine and three-quarters afterwards. Please send me a quick letter with your response. I will completely understand if you turn down the offer.P.S. Inside the envelope you will see a spare Hogsmeade trip form. Don't forget to ask the Matron to sign it before you go.Sincerely,Remus 'John' Lupin.Teddy smirked again. He'd already asked the Matron to sign his form, but it was nice to know that his dad was just as desperate to see him again and he was. He looked at the owl, who was waiting patiently. Teddy reached under his bed and pulled out his half-packed suitcase. Tossing stuff aside he pulled out his quill, portable ink pot and a spare piece of parchment.Hey Dad,No way would I miss this, it sounds like too much fun!I'm glad to hear everything's going well job-wise.It'll be good to see Ron, Harry and Hermione and of course, you.Don't worry about sending the Matron a letter, pretty sure she can't wait for the school year to begin and be rid of me.Luckily, with my master persuasive skills, I was able to convince her to sign my form.(And by persuasive skills I mean following her around and pleading for a week)I'll be ready and standing outside in two hours.See you soon!Kind Regards,Tedson 'Teddy' Lupin.

Chapter 1- Soot and Marmalade -He signed the letter and handed it to the brown owl, who weirdly refused to take it."Oh, right!" Teddy looked around for a snack he could give the tired bird, but found nothing other than few large crumbs from the cookie he'd swiped from the kitchen. He held up the crumb which the owl looked at in disgust. "It's the best I got."It made a low trill sound before pecking at the crumbs sharply and taking the note, ruffling its wings in defiance. Teddy had always hoped that his part-werewolf side would help him to connect with animals, but unfortunately no such luck. No matter how much he tried, all animals seemed to resent him, which explain why he barely passed Care of Magical Creatures.Quietly, Teddy climbed out of bed, wincing as his foot creaked on the floorboard. Listening for a second, he bent down and began to pack his suitcase, not bothering to fold his clothes. Soon he was changed and creeping down the hallway, silently grunting under the weight of his belongings. "Teddy?""Gah!" He jumped, dropping his suitcase. The lid sprung open and his belongings spread out across the floor. He gave a frustrated groan. "Son of a bleeding- Arkie!"A girl, about Teddy's age, with light wavy chestnut hair and a sunny complexion was standing in the doorway to the girls bedroom, watching him curiously. She too went to Hogwarts and had been sorted into Hufflepuff. "Oh, sorry. Did I wake you?" He said, blushing bright red."No, I've been up for hours." She replied, walking towards him and bending down to pick up one of his crumpled shirts. She was already dressed in her day outfit, yet was barefoot as usual. He golden hazel eyes inspected the scene in front of her. "Are you going somewhere?" She asked.Teddy cleared his throat, remembering to breath. "Oh... um... no! Well, yes but uh... my dad is taking me to this thing..." He stammered, trying to put his clothing, books and spare quills back into his suitcase. Arkie smiled kindly, folding the t-shirt in her hands. "That sounds like fun. I hope you and your father have a good time.""Yeah, me too." He had to remind himself to blank, for he suddenly staring at Arkie while she folded."I heard you dad was able to get a job in Hogsmeade. How's that going?""Good, he's currently working at the Three Broomsticks."She looked up, her bright almost golden eyes shining. "Does that mean I'll get a discount the next time I order Butterbeer?""I don't think so." He giggled. There was a loud crack outside, the sound when someone Apparated in the area. "That must be him.""Well, have fun. Will I see you on the train?""Yeah.""Save me a seat." She waved walking back into the girls bedroom. Teddy stood there for a minute, waiting until the door closed fully before he snapped out his quiet trance and stumbled down the stairs."Hey, Teddy. You okay? You're blushing." Remus grinned."Oh! Yeah, I'm fine. This is just a bit heavy." He motioned to his suitcase which Remus grabbed and carried at his side."How was your holiday?"Teddy shrugged, walking beside him. "A little boring to be honest, except for your visits of course.""Sorry I haven't been able to visit as often as we hoped.""Stop.""Stop, what?" Remus glanced down at his son who was looking straight forward."Stop apologizing. I don't care if you only visit once a year. I just want to see your face, that's all. And besides I get to spend at least a whole two days with you." Teddy's face was frustrated, yet he had a slight skip in his step giving away his excitement. "So, where are we going?""I'm afraid I can't tell you that, it'll ruin the surprise.""Is it far from here?""Yes, but don't worry we'll be taking the Floo Network."They stopped at an old pub full of witches and wizards. Remus walked straight up to the owner and spoke to him for a bit. Teddy glanced around the pub. A group of wizards were playing a high tensed game of Wizard Chess that caught his attention. "Come on, Teddy."Remus called and hesitantly he followed. The owner led them to an old chimney and handed them each a handful of a strange, grainy powder. "You go first, Teddy. I'll be right behind you. Yep, stand right there. Now you know what to do right? Okay, throw it down and say, nice and clearly, 'the Burrow'."He nodded, taking a deep breath then saying loudly. "The Burrow!"Green flames filled his vision and he let out a gasp as he landed on his back in an unfamiliar fireplace. "Teddy! Oh, dear! Are you alright?" Ms Weasley ran to his side. Teddy blushed, wiping off soot. Everyone was watching him from the table, a small breakfast of bread and marmalade had been spread on top of the patchwork table cloth. "Hey, Teddy." Harry waved, tiredly."What an entrance." George chuckled, or was it Fred? Teddy could never tell. "Mind giving us a few tips?"There was a roar of flames and Remus walked out of the fireplace, far more gracefully than Teddy had. "Oh dear," he said looking at the soot that covered both Teddy and the carpet. "My apologies, Molly.""Oh, it's fine Remus. Don't worry about it." She flicked her wand as the black dust blew off Teddy and the carpet and back into the fireplace. "Please, take a seat we were just having breakfast. There's enough for everyone."Teddy's stomach grumbled as he sat down beside Ron. "That's very kind of you, Molly." Remus said to the frizzy haired woman."Oh, it's nothing. Sorry about the owl...""Any idea where your parents are taking us at three in the morning?" Teddy asked Ron who was almost falling asleep over his untouched plate of marmalade toast."No idea. Dad refuses to tell us.""Alright everyone, time to go!' Mr Weasley walked into, on his back was a giant hiking pack. "Oh, Remus, Teddy. So good that you could join us."Teddy barely had time to prepare himself a quick marmalade sandwich before they all departed. "Are you not coming, Mrs Weasley?" He asked."No, I'll be going to Diagon Alley later to collect your books. I'll make sure to get yours too, Teddy.""Okay, thank you again Mrs Weasley."And they were off, all travelling through a dense forest, morning light shone through the branches above them and the cold air sent shivers down Teddy's back. "Hey Daaad." Ron whined. "Where are we going?""Haven't the foggiest!" Mr Weasley replied over his shoulder. "Keep up!"Teddy smirked slightly, glancing at his father who was having little trouble keeping up with Mr Weasley.Soon they reached a large tree. A short man, with graying hair and wearing a large pageboys cap was leaning against the trunk when he spotted the party coming towards him. "It's about time, Arthur." He called out with a grin."Sorry Amos. Some of us had a bit of a sleepy start." Mr weasley glanced back at Harry and Ron who both yawned in response. "This is Amos Diggory everyone, he works with me at the ministry." Suddenly, another figure jumped down from the branches of the tree, landing in front of Mr Weasley. "And this strapping young lad must be Cedric, am I right?""Yes, sir." The two shook hand. Cedric was older and taller than the boys, with sandy blonde hair and a fit body that could rival most of the boys at Hogwarts.Soon they were all out of the forest and trudging up a grassy hill. At the top, half buried in the soil, was a depressing looking boot. Teddy looked at it, confused. "All, let's get to it. Hate for us to be late.""Why are we all standing around a manky old boot?" Teddy asked his father."That there, Teddy, is a Portkey.""What's a Portkey?" Remus just smiled with a you'll-soon-find-out, look in his eyes. Teddy followed the others, standing around the boot awkwardly. Amos began to count and everyone put their hands on the boot. "Three... two...""Teddy!" Mr Weasley shouted and Teddy put his hand on the boot."One!"There was a white flash and soon the boot was spinning round and round at incredible speeds. Teddy struggled not to be thrown off. The world around him seemed to disappear and become a white blur. "Let go, kids!" Amos shouted above the noise."What?" They as said at the same time."Let. Go." Mr Weasley commanded.Teddy tried to look at his father but the wind blurred his vision. Taking a deep breath he realised his grip from the boot. He yelped as he landed on his back, for the second time that day.He looked up at the sky where his father, Mr Weasley, Amos and Cedric were all floating down gently. "Bet that cleared your sinuses eh?"Teddy opened his mouth to reply but he heard something. A small cry in the distance. The cry grew louder and louder as it was joined by more voices. Teddy soon realised that it wasn't crying he was hearing, but cheering. Cheering? Where were they? Teddy stood up and followed the others across the feild.His green eyes widened at the sight he saw. Hundreds upon hundreds of people were gathered in the field below. Tents had been set up all over the place and a gigantic stadium stood proudly in the distance. Teddy ducked as two boys, riding broomsticks, flew over their heads."Well kids," Mr Weasley opened his arms towards the crowd. "Welcome to the World Quidditch Cup!"The others all began walking down the hill, but Teddy was still staring out into the distance. "Was it worth the trip?" Remus asked, standing at his side. Teddy could barely hide his excitement, so he didn't bother."THIS IS AMAZING!" I yelled, beaming brightly. "I'VE NEVER SEEN SO MANY PEOPLE IN ONE PLACE!""Surprise." Remus hugged his son who was soon dragging him towards the crowd. Teddy looked left and right. People, dressed in their favourite teams logos were cheering, people were playing mini-Quidditch games in the air, wizards and witches were advertising their merchandise loudly. It was all too much for Teddy to take in all at once. "This is awesome!""Wait?" His father bent down to hear him better."I said, this is awesome! You're the best!""Remus, Teddy! Over here!" Mr Weasley was waving to them, standing beside a small tent that looked barely big enough to house two people. The Weasley kids were filing in one by one, followed by Harry and Hermione. "In you go.""What?""I said, in you go." Teddy hadn't asked 'what' because he couldn't hear, he'd asked because the tent was so small he had no idea how it could possibly fit them all. But he forced himself inside and gasped. The inside of the tent was huge, with plenty of space. "Alright, Remus, Teddy, your beds are over there and- Ron out of the kitchen we're all hungry!""Yeah, Ron out of the kitchen!" The twins jeered together, propping their feet on the table."And feet off the table!" Their father ordered again."Feet off the table!" The repeated yet didn't move their feet."I love magic." Teddy heard Harry sigh from the doorway.

Chapter 2- Quidditch World Cup -"Blimey Dad, how far up ARE we?" Ron gasped in excitement, as they climbed higher and high up the stadium pitch towards their seats."Well put it this way," A new voice joined the conversation. Teddy looked over the railing to see Lucius and Draco Malfoy staring up at them. Lucius gave a small smirk. "If it rains... you'll be the first to know."Draco's smug eyes flashed from each of the Weasley's, to Harry and Hermione and finally on Remus and Teddy. "Father and I are in the minister's box, by personal invitation of Cornelius Fudge himself."Lucius turned to his son. "Don't boast Draco. There's no need with these people." The white haired man looked back up at them, wrinkling his lip in disgust.Teddy took an angry step towards him but Remus grabbed his arm quickly. "Ignore them." He whispered. Teddy heard a thunk as they left. lucius had reached up and lodged his cane on Harry's hand. "Do enjoy yourself won't you. While you can." Then he left."What was that about?" He asked."No idea." Harry shrugged. Finally, after much climbing, yet surprisingly no complaints from anyone, they reached their seats at the very top of the stadium."Come on up, take your seats. I told you these seats would be worth waiting for." Arthur yelled over the cheers from the crowd."Come on!" George yelled over the side of the railing, clapping his hands.Teddy looked up at his dad. He'd asked Ron earlier to helped to decorate his face in face paint, but Ron refused to paint the colours of the Irish flag, the team Teddy chose to support along with the twins. Ron had claimed that by doing so he had betrayed him, to which Teddy had just laughed.Suddenly there was a strong whoosh of wind and Teddy stumbled. A team of wizards and witches flew over their heads and down into the stadium. Each one was dressed in matching green and white uniforms. "It's the Irish!" Fred cried."Woo hoo!" Teddy couldn't help himself from yelling. The Irish team's brooms let of a coloured trail of green and white, they flew up into the sky and fireworks went off. A large glittering Leprechaun appeared in the sky and begun to perform a jolly dance. Even Ron clapped excitedly. "Here come the Bulgarians!" He shouted suddenly.Bam!The Bulgarian team soared through the leprechaun, causing it to explode into sparks of red. As the team circled the stadium one of the men began to perform impressive stunts on his broom. The crowd begins to chant, "Krum! Krum! Krum!""Who's that?" Ginny asked."That there is the youngest seeker in the world!" One of the twins shouted."Viktor Krum!" The other whistled loudly.The young man waved to the crowd from the air, pumping his fist in the air."Good evening!" The Minister for Magic's voice, Cornelius Fudge, echoed through the stadium. "It gives me great pleasure, the welcome each and every one of you, to the final of the 422nd Quidditch World Cup."Teddy let out an excited yell that made his father laugh."Let the game... begin!"And the game begun!"That was amazing." Teddy sighed, landing on one of the tent's beds."Told you, you'd like it." Remus ruffled his hair which Teddy instinctively flattened, beaming brightly. Mr Weasley had walked outside and Remus slowly followed after him. The twins were then dancing in the center of the tent, whistling an Irish tune when suddenly Ron jumped up on the table."There's no one like Krum." He said in a deep voice full of passion.The twins started bumbling around in a comical manner muttering, "Kruuumm." Teddy giggled, standing up and walking towards his friends. "He's like a bird the way he rides the wind." Ron continued. "He's more than an athlete," One of the twins threw the Irish banner over Ron's head, before he tugged it off and threw it on the ground. "He's an artist!""Think you're in love Ron?" Ginny stared up at him, giggling.The twins had begun to sing, getting down on one knee as if proposing to Ron. "Viktor I love you! Viktor I do!"Teddy and Harry joined in. "When we're apart my heart beats only for youuu."Ron playfully tackles George. Outside had become very loud, louder than it'd been before. "Sounds like the Irish have got their pride on." Fred said.Mr Weasley came charging into the tent again, breaking up the fighting brothers. " Stop! Stop it. It's not the irish. We've gotta get out of here. Now!""What's going on?" Teddy asked, now listening more intently to the screams outside. Only now he realized that they were happy screams, they were screams of terror. Remus ran into the tent. "We need to get back to the portkey!"Teddy felt him tugging his arm and the two ran outside. The fourth year looked around the once jolly camp sight which was now set alight with fire. In the distance, figures wearing black cloaks and skull masks were setting nearby tents on fire. Crowds of screaming witches and wizards were pushing past Teddy, causing him to almost fall over. "Teddy, follow me!" Remus ordered, still gripping his son's hand."Dad!" Teddy screamed as their grip on each other was broken by the crowd. Remus tried to get to his son, but he could no longer see him and was being pulled further and further away. "Teddy!""Dad!""Teddy!"Teddy fell over and landed, curled up in a ball, on the ground. His hands went protectively over his head. Feet slammed into his stomach as he tried to stand. The last thing he remembered seeing was the shoe of a large man coming straight at him. Then he was out cold."Teddy... Teddy..."Teddy's eyes opened slowly. Everything around his was blurred. "D-dad?""Ted, it's me, Harry. Come on.""Harry? W-what happened?""I don't know."Those three words made Teddy's stomach flip. Nothing was more terrifying than not knowing, except maybe wasps... no, not even wasps. The fear of the unknown was indescribable. "Dad? Where is he?""I don't know."There were those three terrifying words again.Suddenly, there was the sound of movement in the distance. "Come on, Teddy." Harry whispered. The two bent down behind an upturned tent. The camping grounds were in ruins. Tents, stalls, banners and grass was on fire. There was no longer any signs of life, until a man walked into view, stepping over the rubble. Teddy got a bad feeling about the man. There was something not right with him. Maybe it was the way he walked so casually, and almost triumphantly, across the sizzling plain. The man, who was too far away to get a good look at, pointed his wand in the air."Morsmordre!"A green light shot from his wand and exploded in the sky. It left behind a weirdly shaped glow, like the Northern Lights. Only it was in the shape of a giant ghostly skull. The hairs on the back of Teddy's neck raised when a giant serpent slithered out of the skull's mouth, slithering through the air. When Teddy was able to tear his eyes aware from the symbol, the man had disappeared."There you two are." Teddy jumped. Ron and Hermione was stumbling towards them, their faces covered in soot. "Been looking for you for ages.""What is that?" Harry was still staring at the lights above, that cast a green glow on the four of them.Suddenly, there was a flash. They were surrounded by wizards, all dressed in the Auror clothing. There was a mixture of cries as the wizards open fired on them. Teddy felt Ron pull him down to the ground. "Stop! Stop!" Teddy glanced up.Remus and Mr Weasley were running towards them at top speed. "That's me son!""Dad!" Teddy sighed, happy to see his father was okay. Remus ran to his son and put his hands under Teddy's chin to inspect him. "Are you okay? Are you hurt?""Dad, I'm fine."A thin man, with a black broom-like moustache pointed his wand threateningly at the kids. "Which one of you conjured this?" He gestured to the symbol blazing above them."Barty, you can't possibly..." Arthur began."Do not lie! You have been discovered at the scene of the crime. Was it you werewolf?" His wand was pointed at Teddy who opened his mouth angrily, but Remus shifted so he was standing in between Barty and Teddy."Barty, they're just kids." Arthur sighed."What crime?" Harry asked.Hermione tugged his jumper. "Harry, that's his mark."Teddy knew who she was talking about, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. "Those people, in the masks, they were his too weren't they?" Teddy asked. "They're his followers."Barty slowly lowered his wand. "There was man," Harry added. "Over there.""I saw him too.""All of you, this way." Barty ordered the Aurors."Harry, Teddy, who?""I don't know. I couldn't see his face."Teddy stared up at the dark mark, Remus hand placed on his shoulder.

Chapter 3- Goblet of Fire -"Now, you sure you've got everything? Clothes? Wand? Books? Have you got your Hogsmeade form?""Yes Dad. Like I said five minutes ago, I've got everything.""Alright, come here." The two stood on the platform, hugging goodbye."Dad... you need to let go. The train's going to leave without me."Remus gave one more squeeze before releasing his son. "I know. Alright, have a great year."Teddy's suitcase was already in the luggage compartment and the others were all onboard the train. "I'll tell Professor Snape you said, hi." Teddy smirked."Off you go, cheeky."Teddy ran into the train as it began to move out of the station. He gave one last wave from the window before searching the train for his friends. "In here, Ted." Hermione said, waving.Teddy took a seat next to Hermione, who was stroking her cat lovingly. He spent the first half of the trip staring out the window, watching the grassy hills pass by in green blurs. "Anything from the trolley, dearies." The trolley woman asked as she rolled past."Oh," Ron stuffed his hands in his pockets. "A packet of drewballs and a liquorice wand." He looked down at the small amount coins in his hand and sighed. "Actually... just the drewbells.""It's alright, I'll get it." Harry offered."Just the drewballs, please." Ron said sourly. Teddy glanced sideways at Hermione and they exchanged a quiet agreement not to comment on it. Suddenly, a girl walks up to the trolley lady. Teddy noticed Harry's attention had shifted onto the girl. "Two pumpkin pasties please." The girls asked, smiling at Harry for the briefest of seconds. "Thank you."Harry had stood up, as if to talk to her but she was walking away, followed closely by her friends. "Anything sweet for you?" The trolley woman asked."Oh, no thank you. I'm not hungry." He sat back down slowly and Teddy smiled slightly."She seems nice," he commented. "What's her name-""Cho Chang." Harry replied too quickly.Hermione was flicking through the Daily Prophet which had a large moving picture of the dark mark on the front page. "This is horrible, how can the ministry not know who conjured it. Isn't there any security or-?"Ron spoke wit his mouth-full. "Loads according to Dad, that's what worried them so much. Happened right under their noses."Harry began to rub his forehead."It's hurting again isn't it, your scar?" Teddy asked."I'm fine."Hermione leaned forwards towards Harry. "You know Sirius will want to hear about this. What you saw at the world cup, and the dream."There was a knock on the compartment door. Teddy looked up and turned the colour red. "Who's that?" Ron asked."Arkie." Teddy got up and opened the door. "Hey.""Hey, Teddy." She smiled sweetly. "D'you save me a seat?""Of course."Arkie was already dressed in her Hufflepuff robes and happily took a seat just opposite of Teddy, who had to remind himself not to stare. "Oh, guys this is Arkie. She lives at the orphanage, like me.""It's nice to meet you." Hermione held out her hand which Arkie shook."You too, Teddy's told me so much about you guys."Teddy had taken a seat opposite of Luna, who had her head buried in a issue of the Quibbler. "Hey, Luna.""Hello, Teddy. How was your holiday?"He shrugged. "It had it's ups and downs. How about yours?""Pleasantly relaxing."The sorting ceremony began with the last few students taking their seats. "Hey, Teddy." Arkie whispered and she took her seat at the Hufflepuff table, right behind him."Hey." He responded in a whisper."Did you see it?" He asked, ignoring how pair of Ravenclaw girls had begun to sit down, but saw him and decided to sit a few seats down."You mean the visitors? Yeah. Pretty cool, huh? None of the girls have stopped talking about it since they arrived."Teddy's mind went back to earlier, when he was standing in the courtyard and the watching five white pegasus' pull a small, yet grand looking carriage across the sky. Next, out of the Black Lake, had risen a large ship that'd sailed towards the shore.He blinked and was happy to see the sorting ceremony was finished."Now that we're all settled in and sorted, I'd like to make an announcement." Dumbledore began after clearing his throat as usual. Teddy's head turned as the doors to the Great Hall opened and Mr Filch came running in, Mrs Norris trotting behind him. "This castle will not only be your home this year but home to some very special guests as well. You see Hogwarts has been chosen..."Mr Flich whispered something into the Headmaster's ear before he nodded and ran back out of the hall. "So," Dumbledore continued, "Hogwarts has been chosen to host a legendary event. The Tri-Wizard tournament."Whispers rose among each of the four house tables. Teddy glanced at Luna, but she was still reading and didn't seem to be paying much attention to the Headmaster's speech."Now for those of you who do not know, the Tri-wizard tournament brings together three schools for a series of magical contests. From each school a single contestant is selected to compete. Now let me be clear, if chosen you stand alone. And trust me when I say these contests are not for the faint hearted, but more of that later."Teddy's interest was sparked as the Headmaster motioned to the door of the Great Hall. "For now, please join me in welcoming the lovely ladies of the Beauxbatons Academy of magic and their headmistress Madam Maxime."The doors opened and girls, dressed in beautiful blue silk dresses, flowed into the room followed by an extremely tall woman. She must've been part giant, she was that tall and Teddy had to remind himself not to stare. The Beauxbatons students twirled in a series of acrobats before facing the students of Hogwarts and sighing dramatically. From their hands, blue butterflies fluttered into the air.All at once the Hogwarts students clapped loudly, and the boys all stood up in applause whistling. Eventually, everyone was sitting down again."And now our friends from the north, please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang and the High Master, Igor Karkaroff."The doors opened again and boys, carrying long wooden staffs, marched in. Teddy watched as they too put on a performance, throwing their staffs in the air, somersaulting and catching them. Once they reached the end of the hall they performed a wonderful display of fire magic, by summoning a large fiery phoenix that rose above the staff table before disappearing in a puff of smoke. Teddy squinted his eyes at one of the boys that was marching beside Igor."No, it can't be.""What?" Arkie whispered, having heard his gasp."That's Viktor Krum, the famous Quidditch player. Ron is gonna love this."And sure enough, Ron's jaw was hitting the ground as his eyes followed the famous seeker.Dumbledore raised his wand and magically summoned two more tables for the two schools to sit at. Then the feast began, yet hardly anyone was eating. They were all too excited and too curious about the visitors. "I think I've of heard of the Tri-wizard tournament before." Luna said, in her usual dreamy voice, flipping to the next page of the Quibbler."Oh, yeah? What's it like?""I heard that the last tournament ended with two competitors being rushed to hospital." Teddy gulped. "Are you planning on competing, Teddy?"Teddy mumbled something along the lines of, "Not any more." His green eyes glanced up at the staff table and straightened. A new figure, with a familiar dark moustache, was sitting among the teachers. "Hey, I know that guy. That's Barty Crouch, I saw him at the Quidditch World Cup. What's he doing here?"Luna shrugged and Teddy subconsciously tore his bread roll into small crumbs, an annoying habit he'd developed over the holidays. "You seemed to have developed a disliking for the man." Luna said observantly."Well, he did open fire on me and my friends. And suspected me of a crime just because of my lycanthropy. So, I guess we didn't get off on the right foot."As they feasted, men began to carry something into the Great Hall, placing it in front of the Staff Table. Hundreds of curious eyes looked the object up and down. It was like golden box of a sort, Teddy didn't exactly know how to describe it."Your attention please! I would like to say a few words." Dumbledore had stood up again, putting his hand on the gold object. "Eternal glory, that is what awaits the student who wins the Tri-wizard tournament. But to do this that student must survive three tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks."Teddy's stomach did another flip. His mind felt like it was split in two. He was in no rush to get himself hurt or killed, but if he did enter the tournament, and by some miracle win, maybe it would help his reputation as both a student and werewolf."For this reason the ministry has seen fit to impose a new rule." Teddy focused on the Headmaster again. "To explain all this we have the head of the department of international magic cooperation, Mister Bartimus Crouch."The broom moustache man stood up, facing the students. As he was doing so, the back door to the Hall opened and a large, square shouldered man peered in. The man was dressed in a long coat and caring a heavy wooden staff, his face was covered in scars. Teddy's father had two long scars down his face, but this man looked as though he'd been slashed by a dragon. One of his brown eyes had even been replaced by a artificial blue one that gazed around the hall quckly."Who's that?" Teddy asked no one in particular.A black haired Ravenclaw boy looked at the man then back at Teddy. "Seriously, Teddy, I thought even you'd know who that is. That's Mad-Eye Moody. You know? The famous Auror."Teddy ignored the boy's sharp tone. "Alastor Moody? Wait, isn't he the one that, you know...?" He twirled his finger around the side of his forehead as if to say, 'lost his mind'."More than half the cells in Azkaban are full because of him. But yeah, wonder what he's doing here?"Teddy watched as Moody took a step into the room. Suddenly, thunder roared over the Great Hall ceiling and the students screamed as dark clouds appeared above them. Moody pulled out his wand and with a hard thrust, a curling red spell hit the ceiling, forcing it to return to normal. Dumbledore had now spotted and was walking over to Moody. Teddy pricked his ears to listen but could hear what they were saying.The Headmaster went to take his seat and as he did Moody took out his flask, gulping down its contents before shivering in disgust. Teddy cocked his head but straightened as the scarred man's enormous blue eye fell on him. He immediately refused to make eye contact and forced his attention on Mr Crouch."After much deliberation the Ministry has concluded that for their own safety no student under the age of seventeen shall be allowed to put forth their name for the Tri-wizard tournament. This decision is final."The crowd is instantly unsettled, but Teddy let out a sigh of relief. At least he no longer had to worry about whether or not he should compete."No way!""That's not fair!""That's rubbish! That's rubbish!""Boo!""SILENCE!"Teddy winced, covering his ears at Dumbledore's shouts. The hall went silent again. The long white haired wizard pulled out his wand and tapped it on the golden box. The golden washed away like water, revealing at large stone cup. Inside the cup burned a blue fire that lit up the Great Hall with an eerie glow."The Goblet of Fire." Dumbledore explained. "Anyone wishing to submit themselves for the tournament, merely write their name upon a piece of parchment and throw it in the flame before this hour on Thursday night. Do not do so lightly, if chosen there's no turning back. As from this moment the Tri-wizard tournament has begun."The students were excused from the Hall and Teddy waited for the others at the door. "So, what do you think?" He asked them."I think it's completely unacceptable.""It sounds awesome!"Both Hermione and Ron said at the same time. Soon Teddy said goodnight to them and begun to walk to his room. It was just as he had left it. None of the school's house elves wanted to clean the room of the werewolf boy, not that Teddy minded. It gave a sense of reassurance that here was the one place he could be alone if he wanted to. Of course, he didn't always want to.Teddy opened his suitcase, putting his clothes away in his wardrobe and resting his wand, Hogsmeade form and a small newspaper cutting of his dad on his bedside table. Teddy remembered how his dad's photo had been all over the Daily Prophet when the secret of his lycanthropy had been discovered. "Miss you, Dad."Teddy sighed before pulling on his pyjamas and wondering how his friends were spending their first night back at Hogwarts.

Chapter 4- Alastor Moody -"Alastor Moody," the new Dark Arts Professor said as a quick introduction before writing his name on the board sharply. Teddy wondered if he was angry, or if his voice always sounded like that. "Ex-Auror, Ministry malcontent and your new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. I'm here because Dumbledore asked me. End of story. Goodbye. The end. Any questions?"No one raised their hands. Teddy had taken his seat beside Hermione, relatively close to the front of the classroom. Next to him was Ron and Harry."When it comes to the dark arts, I believe in a practical approach." Teddy didn't like how that sounded but he remained quiet and composed. The last time he'd met an Auror was at the World Cup, when they'd fired their wands at him, and Teddy was unsure of whether or not Professor Moody was the same. So as always, with every new teacher he had, had over the four years he'd been a Hogwarts, he tried to make a good first impression."Now, which of you can tell me how many unforgivable curses there are?"Hermione's hand went up. "Three, sir.""And they are so-named?""Because they are unforgivable. Use of any one of them will-" Hermione replied, a little uneasy."Will earn you a one way ticket to Azkaban. Correct." Professor Moody had written the word, 'Unforgivable' on the board and his croaky voice boomed across the classroom. "Now the ministry says you're too young to see what these curses do. I say different!" He slammed his hand on the desk in anger, causing most of the class to jump, before turning back to the board, his back to the class. "You need to know what you're up against, you need to be prepared, you need to find somewhere else to put your chewing gum other than the underside of your desk Mr Finnigan!"Teddy spun around to see Seamus looking pale and whispering to his neighbor. " Aw no way, the old codger can see out the back of his head."Professor Moody spun around, throwing the bit of chalk at Seamus. "I hear across classrooms!" He yelled. The room was quiet. "So, which curse shall we see first? Weasley!"Ron practically jumped out of his skin. "Yes?""Give us a curse."Ron sat their thinking. " Well, my dad did tell me about one... the Imperious curse.""Ah yes, your father would know all about that. Gave the ministry quite a bit of grief a few years ago. Perhaps this will show you why." Moody grunted and he limped back to his desk. Teddy looked down to find the source of the limp, to realize the Professor had a metal leg. He looked back up as the Professor took something from one of the jars on his desk.It was a small creature, that reminded Teddy of both a crab and a spider. Its large crab-like claws clicked loudly and Teddy could see Ron freeze in fear. "Engorgio!" Moody yells, pointing his wand, and the creature grew bigger till it was the size of his palm. "Imperio!"Teddy watched but couldn't see anything happen. Then the professor flicked his wand and the creature landed on one of the desks. It was like a puppet on a string, the way it moved whenever and where ever the professor flicked his wand was scary. Yet the class thought it funny as the spider-crab jumped from student to student, landing on their hands, head, shoulders.Teddy and Hermione however were not laughing. Teddy couldn't see what was funny.Suddenly, he felt something on his hand. He looked down to see the creature crawling up his hand and arm. He flinched, repulsed."What's wrong, Lupin?" Draco laughed. "Surely you and your father look worse during full moons."Teddy stood up, his chair scraping against the floor.But suddenly, Draco stopped laughing and started to scream. The professor flung the creature off of Teddy's arm and onto Malfoy's face. Now Teddy was laughing, not at the creature of the curse, but at Malfoy's reaction.The professor was giggling loudly. "Talented isn't she? What shall I have her do next? Jump out the window?" He flicked his hand and the creature hit the glass.The laughter died out and Teddy sat back down. The professor has seemed to go into a sort of trance as he hover the creature over a bucket of water. "Drown herself?"Finally, he summons the spider-crab back to his hand. "Scores of witches and wizards have claimed that they only do did You-Know-Whose bidding under the influence of the imperious curse. But here's the rub, how do we sort out the liars?"It took a while for Teddy to realize he was asking the class. A few hesitant hands went up, but Moody was staring down at Neville, who eventually did the same. "Longbottom is it? Up." Neville stood up."Professor Sprout tells me you have an aptitude for herbology. Tell us your curse."Neville looked almost faint, but was able to stammer a reply. "There's the um... The Cruciatus curse."Moody sounded energetic, as if using the previous curse had pumped him full of adrenline. "Correct! Correct! Come, come." He brought Neville over to his desk, where he placed down the spider-crab. "Particularly nasty. The torture curse."Teddy shook his head, wondering if he had heard the professor right. The toture curse? Surely, the professor wouldn't-"Crucio!" A high pitched squeal echoed in the room. The spider-crab was rolling around on the desk in pain. Neville had closed his eyes and was breathing hard, as if trying to block out the noise. Teddy looked at the professor, but he didn't seem to notice."Stop it! Can't you see it's bothering him, stop it!" Hermione screamed and the professor stopped. He glanced up at Neville, who still had his eyes closed, before picking up the spider-crab and walking over to Teddy and Hermione's desk."Perhaps you could give us the last unforgivable curse Miss Granger."Hermione shook her head.Teddy barely had time to say anything before the professor shouted, "Avada Kedavra!", and the spider-crab curled up on its back. Dead.The professor walked away, leaving the limp body on their desk. Teddy couldn't look away, yet every muscle in him was telling his to shut his eyes or look the opposite direction. "The killing curse. Only one person is known to have survived it. And he's sitting in this room."Teddy didn't have to look up to guess who he was talking to. But he couldn't bring himself to look away from the creature, to Harry.There was cheering as students went up one by one to place there name in the cup. Teddy was sitting beside Hermione on one of the benches in the Great Hall. Harry and Ron stood up, clapping. "Eternal glory, be brilliant wouldn't it?" Ron sighed. "In three years from now we'll be old enough to be chosen.""Yeah well, rather you than me." Harry replied. "What do you think, Teddy?""I've thought about it. But, no. Not in a million years.""But if you did, perhaps people wouldn't be so... prejudice to werewolves." Harry said, careful with words. "By the way, are you okay? After what Malfoy said in Defense Against the Dark Arts-""To be honest, no. I'm not fine." Teddy leaned back. "Malfoy can tease me about my clothes, my living conditions, my lycanthropy. But no one talks about my father like that."The students around them cheering again as another student put his name into the burning goblet. Hermione cleared her throat, attempting to change the conversation. "Well, I for one think Teddy is right. It'd be completely suicidal to put your name in the Goblet of Fire."Suddenly, the doors opened and Fred and George came running in, both holding a vial of green liquid."Thank you thank you, well lads we've done it." George said, holding up the vial for everyone to see. "Cooked it up just this morning.""It's not going to work." Hermione said, rolling her eyes and looking down at the book in her hands. Both twins crouched down beside her."Oh yeah? And why's that Granger?"Hermione pointed at the white circle that surrounded the Goblet of Fire. "You see this? This is an age line. Dumbledore drew it himself.""So?"Hermione almost laughed, closing her book and speaking as if talking to children. "So, a genius like Dumbledore couldn't possibly be fooled by something pathetically dimwitted such as an age potion.""Yeah, but that's why it's so brilliant. Because it's so pathetically dimwitted!"Even Teddy rolled his eyes at this. Both twins edged towards the circle. "Should we stop them?" He asked Hermione."I'd rather watch it unfold. It appears to be the only way those two learn anything.""Ready Fred?""Ready George.""Bottoms up!" They said together, taking a swig of the potion and jumping over the line. Nothing happened. "Yeeeaaah!"Everyone congratulated them, before they plopped their names into the goblet. Nothing."Yes!""Wait, did that actually work?" Teddy whispered to Hermione, who had returned to reading her book."Three, two, one."The Goblet of Fire lit up brightly and a stream of blue light sent both of the twins flying. They landed on the stone ground, groaning. "Ooo." Teddy winced. "That's gotta hurt."Both then he laughed. When the twins stood up, their hair had turned white and long beards were growing from their chins."You said-""You said-"They both started tackling each other on the ground and students began to clap in time. "Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!"Teddy didn't join in on the chanting, but he couldn't control his laughter. He glanced down at Hermione who just shook her head, an unimpressed look on her face. Then the doors opened, and everyone went silent. Even the twins stopped fighting.Viktor Krum, followed by his Headmaster, Igor, marching into the room. Viktor walked straight up to the cup and put the small piece of parchment with his name inside. Hermione had glanced up and teddy saw Viktor looking in her direction before leaving. "This is gonna be an epic Thursday night isn't it?" Teddy said, without waiting for an answer.

Chapter 5- The Four Champions -"Sit down please. And now the moment you've all been waiting for, the champions selection!"Everyone was silent. Teddy had abandoned the Ravenclaw table and joined Harry and the others on the Gryffindor table. The Goblet of Fire sparked red and a small bit of parchment flew out of the flames. Dumbledore caught it. "The Durmstrang champion is ... Viktor Krum!"The boys of Durmstrang all clapped Viktor on the back as he walked towards Dumbledore, who pointed to a door for him to walk through. The Goblet of Fir sparked again and Dumbledore caught the next piece of parchment. "The champion from Beauxbatons... Fleur Delacour!"Excited squeals came from the Beauxbaton girls as Fleur Delacour went through the same door as Viktor Krum. Once more the Goblet spurted a piece of parchment in the air which Dumbledore quickly caught. "The Hogwarts champion... Cedric Diggory!"Teddy recognized the tall Hufflepuff who walked up the Great Hall and disappeared behind the door. "Excellent! we now have our three champions! But in the end, only one will go down in history. Only one will hoist this chalice of champions, this vessel of victory the Tri-wizard cup!"Dumbledore spun around and a large veil lifted off a sparkling crystal cup. Teddy clapped, impressed and excited. But as Dumbledore's back was turned the Goblet of Fire turned red again and out floated one more piece of parchment. The Headmaster caught it."Harry Potter..." He mumbled and Teddy wondered if he'd heard him correctly. "Harry Potter?" Dumbledore called out.Beside Teddy, Harry sat down as if he wanted to disappear. "Harry Potter!" Dumbledore shouted."Harry, go on. Oh, Harry for goodness sake!" Hermione pushed Harry forward.Teddy glanced at the others. Hermione looked nervous, but Ron was giving Harry a sour look. Harry was walking up to the end of the Hall. Teddy would've hated to be in his shoes. "He's a cheat!" Someone in the hall yelled."He's not even seventeen yet!"Teddy watched as he disappeared through the back door, then there was a burst of noise. Everyone was yelling at the teachers and each other. "Silence!" Dumbledore cried out. "Prefects if you will please show your houses to their dorms, I believe it is time for bed.""There not actually going to let him compete, are they?" Teddy asked Hermione who shook her head."I don't know.""How was that even possible?""I don't know, Teddy."There they were again, the dreaded 'I don't know's'. Ever since the Quidditch Cup Teddy had been hearing those three words over and over again and he hated the cold sensation that followed afterwards.Teddy walked into the Charms and took his usual seat next to Hermione and waited for Ron and Harry to arrive. He hadn't been able to talk to Harry since the events of last night. The door opened and both boys walked in. Teddy waved, but his smile faded when the two of them sat on opposite sides of the classroom from each other. "What's going on?""Ron and Harry got into a fight last night." Hermione had already opened her book as Professor Flitwick began the lesson."What about?"She didn't respond so Teddy quickly pulled out his quill and parchment. He tried to concentrate on the lesson, but he couldn't ignore how Harry and Ron never made eye contact with each other. It bothered him. He hated it when his friends fought. Though he'd gotten pretty used to Ron and Hermione's squabbles. When the class ended Teddy stood up, he intended to talk to them but they'd both left the classroom in a hurry."How bad do you think it is?""Don't know, I just hope it ends soon."They both packed up their belongings and walked to their next classroom. "I can't believe they're letting Harry compete in the tournament! Surely there must be rules against it!" Teddy said loudly as they walked."There's nothing that can be done. His a Tri-wizard champion now." She spoke in an unusually casual voice."Aren't you worried?" He said angrily."Of course I am!""Well you're not showing it!""What difference would it make? Stop biting my head off, Teddy!"Teddy went silent, instantly regretting raising his voice. "Sorry.""It's fine."They arrived at their History of Magic classroom. Once again, Ron and Harry had taken seats as far away from each other as possible. "I really hope this doesn't keep up." Teddy groaned.Hermione insisted that they took a seat at the front, which usually Teddy would object to. But without either Harry not Ron to back him up he was forced to obey. Hermione had always pushed Teddy to do his best, which he appreciated, but sometimes it was plain annoying. "I doubt that history of giants is ever going to help me in the future." He whispered halfway through the class."Shh!"By the time the double period had ended Teddy's temples hurt. "My brain's about to explode." He groaned as they left. "And how about all that homework?"At least he had one thing to look forward to, the Hogsmeade weekend trip was coming up. "Oh, Hermione. I wanted to ask if you wanted to head down to the Three Broomsticks during the Hogsmeade trip?""That's where your dad's working, right?""Yeah, I'm hoping to bump into him there.""Hey guys." Harry said, walking up to them."Oh, hey mate. You okay? You look kind of pale."The three of them walked down to the Great Hall. The end of the day couldn't have come sooner. "I've just been told that the writer for the Daily Prophet is coming to interview the Tri-Wizard champions." Harry said."Cool!""No, not cool, Teddy." Hermione corrected. "Nothing good ever comes from the Daily Prophet. Just, be careful what you say, Harry."Teddy remembered when he first came to Hogwarts. The press had tried to get the inside scope on the 'Wolf-Boy' and 'The-Boy-Who-Lived'. Luckily Dumbledore had controlled the situation. Teddy slowly opened his History textbook and gave an exhausted sigh.

Hey Readers.Don't forget to send some reviews.I hope you enjoy the chapter!Chapter 6- Hogsmeade -"Harry, tell me what's bothering you." Teddy said, scooping a mouthful of cereal. Harry passed him an opened letter."It's a letter from Sirius. I told him about the Goblet of Fire."Teddy looked down, reading it.Harry. I couldn't risk sending Edward.Since the World Cup the ministry's been intercepting more and more owls and Hedwig's too easily recognised.We need to talk Harry. Face to face.Meet me in the Gryffindor common room at one o clock this Saturday night and make sure you're alone.P.S the bird bites.Teddy smiled slightly and guessed that was why there was now a small bandage on Harry's finger."This is good, you get to see Sirius."Teddy was in a good mood. He was dressed in his usual thin t-shirt, Denim jacket and long pants. The small necklace of the wooden wolf, a Christmas present from Hermione, hung around his neck occasionally pulling up its head as if it was howling. "I'm just worried, what if he's caught. I don't want to be responsible for if he gets caught.""He won't. Your Godfather escaped Azkaban and the Ministry countless times. I'm sure he knows what he's doing." Teddy only half believed his own words.Finally, Professor McGonagall called for all the Hogsmeade students to follow her into the courtyard. One by one they handed her their forms and soon they were all off to Hogsmeade. Teddy noticed Ron hand over his form before standing alone. Obviously, he and Harry were still not talking."Teddy, you coming?" Hermione called as they began to enter the train."Yeah, I think I'll travel with Ron if that's okay?"Harry didn't respond but Hermione nodded encouragingly."Hey, Ron. Wanna sit with me. You can tell me the best shops to visit on the way there."Ron's mood brightened as his words and soon he was talking non-stop. "Just you wait, Teddy! I'm sure you're going to love Zonko's joke shop! Oh, and Honeyduke's, but of course you've already been there haven't you..."Finally, they arrived. Hogsmeade looked different from when he and Harry had last visited on their secret adventure the year before. Last time, snow covered the ground and roofs, icicles had hung from the frost covered streetlamps and there'd been carolers singing loudly against the breeze. This time the sun shone warmly on the brick roofs and green leaves covered the stone path."So, where should we go first?" Ron asked. "There's a Quidditch shop nearby, I've been thinking of buying some merchandise.""To impress Viktor Krum?"Ron blushed. "No...""Actually, I was thinking of visiting the Three Broomsticks-" He stopped, having noticed a familiar figure walking across the street."Dad!" He called out, waving his arms frantically. "Dad!" He began to push through the crowd. "Sorry. Excuse me. Coming through. Sorry." He apologized. "Dad!"Finally, Remus turned around. He looked as tired as ever, yet his eyes lit up when he saw his son who practically jumped into his arms."Teddy! I was hoping I'd see you. I was just on break when I saw Hogwarts students outside.""Well, I'm here." Teddy finally let go. "How's it going at the Three Broomsticks.""Fine. I've got a room in the pub not too far from here. Which reminds me, I wanted to give you this." In Teddy's hand he placed a small handful of coins."Dad, I can't take this. I saved enough pocket money."To be honest he reckoned he didn't have enough to buy even one mug of Butterbeer, but he wasn't about to admit it.Ron had finally caught up with Teddy, panting."Hello, Ron." Remus greeted."Hi... Mr... Lupin... How... Are... You?" He asked between breaths."I'm good. So, where are you two boys going to see first?""We were thinking of passing the Three Broomsticks to see you, but then I spotted you here so I guess we'll go visit Zonko's or something." Teddy said. "Are you gonna join us?" He asked, thinking it'd be fun to spend his Hogsmeade trip with his dad."Wish I could, Ted. But I gotta get back or Madam Rosmerta will have my head. You'll come by before you leave?""Of course."Remus ruffled Teddy's hair. "Come on, Ted!" Ron had grabbed his hand and was dragging him through the crowd."Where are we going?" He asked, almost tripping over an uneven stone."Honeyduke's! You need to try everything!"The boys spread their goods out on the table in the corner of the Three Broomsticks. "Watch it!" Ron cried. The red and black liquorice snakes attempted to snap at Teddy's elbow but he jerked away in time, grabbing one by its tail and biting off the head. "So? What do you think?" Ren asked.Teddy pulled a face. "Nope, not a liquorice fan.""What!?""Sorry, Ron." Teddy laughed, putting the still wriggling snake tail down and instead opened a box of Every Flavour Beans. "Wanna try your luck?" He offered the box to Ron who dug his hand deep down into its contents."George said that the best ones are always at the bottom." He pulled out a bean and popped it in his mouth. "Eck!""What?""Rotten Egg."Teddy pulled another face, choosing a brown bean from the box. "This is either chocolate, or animal dung.""You sure you willing to find out?" Ron sounded uneasy."For chocolate, I'll do anything." He chewed it slowly and sighed. "Animal dung, again." Ron nearly fell off his chair laughing, Teddy crossed his arms. "I wonder if they actually do have any good beans. Or are they all awful?""Don't know." Ron shrugged."Hey, boys." Remus smiled. He was carrying a tray with two Butterbeer mugs on them. "Here you go.""Dad, we didn't order anything.""On the house." He put the mugs down on the table and Ron fist bumped the air."Thank you Professor-" He stopped and blushed. "Sorry."Teddy couldn't ignore the small hint of sadness in his father's eye, although it lasted for less than a second. "Please, just call me Remus, Ron."Next to them, two men left their table. On the table was an issue of the Daily Prophet. "Hey look," Teddy grabbed it, having noticed a picture of Harry and the other Tri-Wizard champions on the front page. Ron leaned back in his seat, his good mood evaporating. "This ought to be good." He grumbled under his breath."I read that earlier." Remus said, cleaning up the table the men had left."And?" Teddy prompted but Remus was called over by Madam Rosmerta. So instead he read it aloud. "Teenage Tragedy! Harry Potter aged 12, suspect entrant in the Tri-Wwizard tournament. His eyes swimming with the ghosts of his past-" Teddy crumpled up the newspaper. Two sentences in and he couldn't read anymore. "It's all a bunch of Troll snot!" He muttered, taking a sip of his Butterbeer. "They don't know what they're talking about."Ron didn't appear to be listening, instead he was facing the other way. Teddy wondered if Ron and Harry's fight had something to do with the tournament, though he decided not to dig any further into the subject. He could only hope that whatever was going on between them would soon be fixed. "We should go, the others will be heading back to the castle." Ron said."I'll go find my dad and say goodbye. Meet you outside?""Sure."

Chapter 7- Dragons! -"So wait, explain to me what happened?" Teddy's head was whirring and Hermione explained for the second time."The other day Ron told me to tell Harry, that Seamus told Pavarti, who told Dean, who told Ron that Hagrid was looking for Harry.""Right." Teddy said, still slightly confused. "What did Hagrid want to see Harry for?""Apparently, he wanted to show him the first task, for the tournament.""And?""It's dragons."Teddy stopped in his tracks, his eyes wide and mouth slightly open. Then he ran to catch up with Hermione. "Dragons? Like, actually Dragons?""Yes, Teddy. Actually Dragons.""Are they crazy?""Apparently, so." Hermione sighed before spotting Harry. He was walking through the courtyard looking tense, angry and scared. "Harry, wait up!" They caught up, even though Harry didn't wait for them."Why so tense Potter?" Teddy looked up. Draco was sitting in one of the trees, surrounded by his gang like usual. "My father and I have a bet you see. I don't think you're gonna last ten minutes in this tournament." He jumped down and Teddy bawled his fist at his side. "He disagrees. He thinks you won't last five.""Bugger off, Malfoy!" Teddy growled."Oooh." The blonde-haired boy smiled. "Maybe you should put a muzzle on that dog of yours, Potter.""Drop dead!" Teddy spat."Bite me!" He returned."Don't tempt me!" Teddy took a step forward but Hermione put up her hand to stop him."You know what, Malfoy?" Harry finally hissed. "I don't give a damn what you or your father think. He's vile and cruel, and you're just pathetic."Harry began to walk away. Draco was fuming and had begun to pull out his wand. "How dare you talk about my father like that-"Suddenly, Professor Moody appeared from nowhere. He flicked his wand and a white ferret had replaced the angry boy. Teddy grinned bursting out into fits of laughter, that were soon joined by other students. "I'll teach you to cast a spell when someone's back is turned."With a flick of his wand, Ferret-Malfoy was tossed into the air and landed into Goyle's jumper. He panicked trying to pull the squeaking, frightened ferret out. When he finally did Moody levitated the ferret, causing it to spin in the air over and over again. Teddy knew that his father would not be impressed by his son's enjoyment of the situation, but he couldn't help himself.Professor McGonagall pushed past the students and looked confused when she saw Professor Moody levitating a ferret. "P-Professor Moody, what are you doing?""Teaching." He responded and the Professor turned white."I-is that a student?""Technically, it's a ferret."Teddy let out a small uncontrollable laugh before covering his mouth and pretending to cough. Once more Professor Moody put the ferret in one of the gang's pants and once more the courtyard exploded with laughter. Then there was a crack!Professor McGonagall had levitated Ferret-Malfoy out of the boys pants and returned him to normal. Draco stood on his feet, shaking. "My father will hear about this!""Is that a threat!?" Moody limped forward and soon the two of them were running around the tree. Malfoy gave off a pitched scream. "I could tell you stories about your father that would curl even your greasy hair boy!" Moody yelled in his grouchy voice."Professor-" Professor McGonagall said."It doesn't end here!""Professor!" Moody stopped chasing the boy. "We never use transfigration as a punishment, surely Dumbledore told you that?"Moody had a guilty look on his face and his blue eye twitched. "He might've mentioned it."Well you will do well to remember it." She said before walking off, shooing away the students. Moody pulled a funny face behind the professor's back. Teddy covered his mouth again, turning his laughter into a series of coughs. "Potter, come." Moody ordered and Harry followed behind him."Wait, Harry-" But he was already gone. "I wanted to see if I could help." Teddy sighed next to Hermione, who patted him on the back before motioning for them to leave. "So, when's the first task?""Tomorrow.""I don't think you allowed back there, Teddy." Hermione watched helplessly as Teddy pushed through the crowded stands towards the champion tent."Don't care.""You could get in trouble.""I might."The two finally were standing outside the tent. Teddy peered in. Harry was passing back and forth, outside a low roar made Teddy's ears ring. "Psst, Harry." He whispered. Hermione looked behind them to see if anyone was coming their way."Teddy?""How are you feeling?" He asked from behind the thin sheet."Fine."Hermione pushed closer towards Harry. "The key is to concentrate. After that you just have to...""Battle a dragon."Teddy glanced at Hermione and pushed back the tent sheet. "You got this, Harry."Hermione enters the tent after Teddy, hugging Harry.Suddenly, Teddy had to blink as a white camera flash obscured his vision. Rita Skeeter, followed by a journalist, approached the group. Everyone's head turned in their direction."Young love! Ohh how... stirring." She said, pausing to think of the right word. "If everything goes unfortunately today you might make the front page."Suddenly, her path was blocked by a tall figure."You have no business here. This tent is for champions and friends." Rita looked Viktor Krum up and down, her eyes hungry."No matter. We've got what we wanted." She moved to the back of the tent. Teddy stood awkwardly beside Harry and Hermione. He spun around as Dumbledore and the other school Headmaster's walked into the tent."Good day champions. Gather round please." Dumbledore sounded slightly excited. "Now you've waited, you've wondered and at last the moment has arrived. The moment only four of you can fully appreciate-"Dumbledore had noticed the two extra people in the room. "Mr Lupin? Miss Granger? What are you doing here?""Oh, sorry um... we'll just go." Hermione stammered, tugging on Teddy's arm."Good luck, Harry." Teddy whispered as they exited the tent. They searched the stands, that circled around a large stone pit, for somewhere to watch the tournament and were able to find some space at the back. They jumped at the bang of cannon and the tournament begun.Dumbledore's voice echoed on the loud speaker. "Welcome! Welcome! To the first challenge of the Tri-Wizard Tournament!"The three schools whistled, clapping their hands and chanting their champion's name."Each of the four champions must collect the egg that will be guarded by one of four dragons." Teddy's stomach curled. "Let the tournament begin!"Teddy rung his hands in worry as he watched Cedric, Viktor and Fleur retrieved their eggs."Three of our champions have now faced their dragons and so each one of them will proceed to the next task. And now our fourth and final contestant. Harry Potter!""I can't watch!" Hermione said, covering her eyes.Teddy, on the other hand, was too scared to look away. Harry had entered the pit when a large brown dragon attacked him from above. The golden egg sparkled in the center of the pit, but no matter what Harry tried he couldn't get close enough."Your wand, Harry! Your wand!" Hermione screamed."Accio Firebolt!"Teddy heard Harry yell over the crumbling of rocks and the roar of fire. There was a sharp whistling sound and something flew into the pit. "Brilliant!" Teddy clapped as Harry mounted his broom. "Go Harry!"CLANG! CRACK!The sound echoed over in Teddy's ears like a broken record. His eyes went wide and he ceased clapping. The dragon's chain, which had kept it tied to the ground, had snapped and it was soaring after Harry towards the castle. "This is bad isn't it-""This is horrible!" Hermione screamed.The crowd soon became quiet. Everyone was trying to either see or hear what was happening. The Professors, who had been talking nervously among themselves, had also gone dead silent.There was a distance roar and a loud bang. Teddy could barely hear it over the thumping of his heart. He took a few breaths to calm down, but it barely did anything. "I can't see him." Hermione whispered.Whoosh!Something flew over their heads and a panting, scratched and bruised Harry grabbed the heavy golden egg."Harry! Harry! Harry!"Teddy let out a tense breath and joined in on the chanting, relieved that his friend was alright.

I particularly loved making this chapter!The Yule Ball is perhaps my favourite scene in the movie!Chapter 8- One, Two, Three -"Are you sure?""Yeah, Harry'd want you here." Neville smiled pulling out a sheet of parchment reading the password to the Fat Lady painting. Teddy had gone past the Gryffindor common room, hoping to congratulate Harry personally when Neville had offered to let him inside.Teddy couldn't remember, nor cared, if it was against school rules. "Teddy, you're here!" Hermione smiled, waving at him. The whole house was celebrating and the twins were holding Harry up on their shoulders."We knew you wouldn't die Harry." George said."Lose a leg." Fred continued."Or an arm.""Pack it in altogether.""NEVER!" They shouted together, lowering Harry back on the ground."Hey, Teddy. How'd you get in?""Neville let me in." He explained, hugging Harry. "Congrats!""Thanks.""You look like hell." Teddy looked him up and down. Harry was still covered in scratches and bruises. Harry shrugged in return. "Bet you've look worse though.""No argument there.""Quiet!" Seamus silenced the common room, grabbing the golden egg and passing it to Harry. "Go on, Harry! What's the first clue?"Harry held the golden egg, wiping its shiny surface with his sleeve. "Who wants me to open it?" He held it up and the whole common room roared in response. Harry did, twisting the top and the egg opened up. Teddy covered his ears as a high pitched, horrific screech came from the golden orb. Harry immediately shut it."What the bloody hell was that?"All head turned to Ron who was standing on the staircase to the boys dormitories. Harry and Ron stared at each other in the awkward silence.Fred coughed, facing the rest of the Gryffindor students. "Alright everyone, go back to your knitting. This is gonna be uncomfortable enough without all you nosey sods listening in."The crowd disbanded and everyone seemed to find something to do. Hermione sat by the fire with her book, while Teddy watched from the sidelines."I reckon you'd have to be barking mad to put your own name in the Goblet of Fire." Ron finally said.Harry looked back at him. "Caught on have you? Took you long enough.""Wasn't just me who thought you'd done it. Everyone was saying it behind your back.""Brilliant. That makes me feel loads better."At least I warned you about the dragons."Teddy sat down in one of the common room armchairs, causing a few stares from the other Gryffindors."Hagrid warned me about the dragons."No, I did. Don't you remember? I told Hermione to tell you that Seamus told me that Parvati told Dean that Hagrid was looking for you. Seamus never actually told me anything, so it was really me all along. I thought you'd be alright, you know, after you figured that out.""Who could possibly figure that out? That's completely mental."Ron smirked for a small second. "Yeah it is isn't it. Suppose I was a bit distraught."Hermione shook her head."Boys." She sighed.The Great Hall was alive with chatter. Everyone was still talking about the first task and the upcoming challenges which were sure to be harder and more dangerous. Teddy cut into his pancakes after coating them in maple syrup."I heard Professor McGonagal's got something new planned instead of Transfiguration." Ron said. "Wonder what it is?"Thud!"I can't believe it! She's done it again!"Teddy looked at the issue of the Daily Prophet which Hermione had thrown down on the table. "Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to be developing a taste for famous wizards. Her latest prey sources report is none other than the Bulgarian bon-bon Viktor Krum. No word yet on how Harry Potter's taking this latest emotional blow." She read aloud.Teddy squinted his eyes and his fist tightened around his fork. "That vile, nosey-""Parcel for you, Ron." A small boy said, holding the brown paper parcel. Ron took it with a smile."Thank you, Nigel." he small boy didn't move, instead he stared at Harry. "Not now, Nigel. Later. Go on." Ron whispered and the boy moved along, looking a little deflated."What was that about?" Teddy asked, swallowing another mouthful on pancake."I told him I'd get him Harry's autograph."Harry's face went bright red and Teddy gave a small laugh. "Looks like you've got your own little fan-club, Harry.""Oh, look." Ron said excitedly. "Mum's sent me something..." He opened the box and pulled out a large ugly brown frock. "Mum bought me a dress." Ron gasped in shock.Teddy chocked on his orange juice and had to spit it back into the cup. "Well it does match your eyes, is there a bonnet." Harry said, looking through the box and holding up a white lump of fabric. "Ah-ha!"Ron got up, walking further down the Gryffindor table, the frock hanging off his arm. "Ginny these must be for you."Ginny giggled. "I'm not wearing that, it's ghastly."Hermione now giggled and Ron turned around. "What?""There not for Ginny. They're for you." Everybody had joined in with the girls giggles. "Dress robes.""Dress robes? For what?"The question was soon answered by Professor McGonagall as they entered the Transfiguration classroom and took their seats. The tables and chairs had been moved to the sides of the room and the Professor instructed for the girls to sit on one side and the boys on the other."The yule ball has been a tradition of the Tri-Wizard Tournament since its inception. On Christmas Eve night we and our guests gather in the great hall for well mannered frivolity. As representatives of the host school I expect each and every one of you to put your best foot forward, and I mean this literally because the yule ball is first and foremost... a dance."Groans came from the boys side of the room, while the girls sounded more excited.Teddy was actually quite interested and sat slightly on the edge of his seat.The Professor's face tightened as she glared at the boys. "Silence. The house of Godrick Griffindore, Rowena Ravenclaw, Helga Hufflepuff and Salazar Slytherin have commanded the respect of the wizard world for nearly ten centuries. I will not have you in the course of a single evening besmirching those names by behaving like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons!"Behind him Teddy could hear the twins whispering to each other. "Try saying that five times faster.""Babbling, bumbling band of baboons.""Babbling, bumbling band of baboons.""Babbling, bumbling band of baboons."Teddy rolled his eyes, smirking.McGonagall continued speaking. "I will soon ask you to pick a partner and together we will learn the simple Waltz." Teddy glanced over at the girls and spotter Arkie talking to her friends excitedly. His heart skipped a beat but he forced his attention back to the Professor when one of her friends spotted him staring."Now to dance is to let the body breathe, inside every girl a secret swan slumbers longing to burst forth and take flight." The Professor said, turning to the girls.Ron leaned over, whispering behind Teddy to Seamus. "Something's about to burst out of Hilary but I don't think it's a swan."Teddy's elbow collided with Ron's side. Professor McGonagall had turned around just in time to see the action and didn't look impressed. "Inside every boy a lordly lion prepared to prance. Mr Lupin, will you join me.""What?" Teddy said before he could stop himself."To dance." She explained and he hesitantly stood up, wincing as he heard the boys chuckle softly behind him. "Now, place your right hand on my waist.""Where? Huh?""My waist."Teddy's hand went to the Professor's waist and someone whistled from the boys side. Teddy turned around defensively, but the professor forced him back into position. "Bend your arm slightly. Mr Filch..."Mr Filch stood by a large gramophone which crackled before playing long and elegant music. "One two three. One two three."Giggles were now coming from the girls side and Teddy wished nothing more than to dig a hole and bury himself in it.'Transforming in the middle of class would be better this!' He thought to himself wishing a full moon would randomly rise over the horizon and give him a reason to run out of the room. But alas, the full moon was still a few weeks away and had no intention of showing itself while the sun was out."Alright, now everyone come together." The professor ordered. The girls were instantly on their feet. "Boys, on your feet!"Neville was the first to stand. Teddy relaxed, glancing at Arkie who was looking around for a dance partner. He tried to take step towards her but the Professor didn't let him go. "Watch your footing, Mr Lupin." She said and Teddy hid his angry glare, trying to make it look like he was just concentrating.He watched as Neville and Arkie paired up and began to dance with the music. Quickly, returned to looking down at his feet.

Chapter 9- Dating Advice -"Don't you want to be with you friends?"Remus and Teddy were standing out the back of the Hogsmeade Post Office, lifting heavy sacks of owl feed. The Christmas holidays had begun, yet hardly anyone had left to go home due to the Yule Ball on Christmas Eve, which meant that the Post Office was almost always crowded with students. The frost covered grass gave a satisfying crunch as Teddy heaved another sack into the small storage shed."And do what?" He asked."I don't know. Talking, making a Christmas wish list, pulling pranks. Whatever kids do these days. Beats lifting heavy sacks with me.""I'd lift heavy sacks with you any day." Teddy smiled, wiping his cold nose before leaning down again. "Besides, as far as Christmas wish lists go, all I want is a date to the dance. But that'd be a Christmas miracle." He joked.Remus smiled, looking up as if searching through his memories from when he was at Hogwarts. "I remember when we had the Valentine's Ball.""Oh, yeah?" Teddy stood up, intrigued. "Who'd you take?""Oh, no one." Remus said. Teddy couldn't tell if his father was blushing or if his cheeks were just red from the cold. "I didn't have the courage to ask anyone to the ball, nor did I have any romantic interests. Me and Sirius ditched the ball all together.""That sounds lonely." Teddy sighed."I knew I could never be with anyone due to my condition."Teddy hated it when his father referred to their lycanthropy as a 'condition', like it was an illness or something. "But what about Carla? Mum, I mean."Remus smiled again. "Carla and I didn't get together till my last year of Hogwarts. And we broke up shortly after we graduated.""But she knew, right?""Yes, she knew. I thought our relationship would last, so I thought it'd be best to tell her and she told her parents."That'd been the first time Teddy had heard him talk about his grandparents on his mother's side. He wondered why he hadn't brought them up earlier. "You never talk about them, my grandparents. Where are they now? Do they know I exist?""They died before you were born." Remus said casually, yet refused to meet Teddy's eyes, which was enough to provoke his suspicions, yet he decided to let it go for the time being.Instead he tried to change the subject. "Surely you must've had someone you 'liked' and wished to invited.""No, I wasn't looking for love."Teddy sighed, sit on the side of the cart that contained the rest of the owl feed. "So much for the dating advice I was hoping for.""So that's why you came to help." Remus stretched his back."What? Oh, no. I didn't just come for-""Nah! It's okay. You're right, I may not be the best person to come to for dating advice, but I'll give it a shot." His father leaned against the cart patiently."Oh... well... as you know the Yule Ball is coming up and I... um...""Don't know who to ask?"Teddy looked down at his snow covered shoes that had become partially wet. He'd have to put them in front of the small fireplace in his dorm to dry when he got back to castle."Or, do you already know who you want to ask?" Remus asked and Teddy gave a small nod. "What's her name?""Her name's Arkie. She's a Hufflepuff and probably one of the most smartest and popular girl at school. She lives at the same orphanage as I do.""Is she nice?" Remus asked, intrigued.Teddy sighed in a dreamy fashion. "She's the best. She's smart, kind, funny and as far as I know she doesn't care a bit about my lycanthropy.""She sounds like a nice girl, how come I've never met her?""Because I can't ever buck up the courage to start a conversation with her.""Does she like you?"He shrugged and Remus sat next to his son. "Okay, so here's the advice you want to here. You gotta hurry up and ask her, soon enough all the good ones will be taken.""Yeah but... it scares me... girls, scare me." Teddy admitted looking wide-eyed. Remus couldn't help but chuckle, yet Teddy didn't laugh with him. He was completely serious. Remus cleared his throat. "Tedson 'Teddy' Lupin, you are one of the bravest boys I've ever met. Your twice as brave as I ever was.""You have to say that, you're my dad.""So what? In my eyes that doesn't change anything. Ask your friends I'm sure they'll agree." He still didn't look convinced. "Teddy, you've had to endure the full moon alone for thirteen years, as well as ignore all the prejudice that comes with it. If that doesn't make you brave, I don't know what will. Still, I see you walk through life like you own it, and you do! It's your life to live." He placed his hands on Teddy's shoulders."So, go and ask that girl of yours to the dance. And if she says no, then she's down right crazy. Don't tell her I said that though."Teddy gave a small laugh. "Thanks, Dad.""How was that for advice?""That was pretty good."Teddy stood up and helped to lift the last sacks into the shed before grabbing his belongings. "So, I'll see you Christmas morning?" Remus dusted off his frozen hands."Wouldn't miss it for the world.""You got the address right?""Yep, can't wait to see your new place!" He slung his bag of his shoulder."Where are you off to now?""To the Herbology greenhouses. The Herbology club will most likely be there, Arkie's one of the members.""Go get her tiger!" He called out and Teddy blushed with embarrassment. Teddy soon found himself starting from a fast walk to running to the station. Harry, Hermione and Ron were already there and were beginning to board the train. "Hey Ted- Woah! Man, you stink! Have you been rolling around in something?""That'd be owl feed. I'll explain on the train.""Well, make sure to open a window!"Students were walking out of the Herbology greenhouse. "Hey," Teddy said to a group of girls, who all looked at him funny. It wasn't the look most people gave him, the Wolf-boy and suddenly he realized what was going on. Oh God! They thought he was going to ask them to the Yule Ball. He suddenly began to stumble over his words. "Um... I ugh... Is Arkie... ugh, still around... Or did she...?""She's still in the greenhouse." One of them replied."Okay... Brilliant! Ugh... Thanks." He cleared his throat before walking towards the greenhouse. Inside, Arkie was dressed in her HufflePuff robes, her chestnut hair tied up in a quick bun. Her back was turned to him as she leaned over a small plant with long twisting blue thorned roots that attempted to nip at her gloved hands as she gently cut one of the roots open and held a small vial up to collect the shining silver sap. In the center of the plant was a large bluish-white flower. The whole plants seemed alive, constantly moving and even breathing in its pot.Teddy knocked and Arkie turned around in surprise. "Oh, hey Teddy. I didn't expect to see you here.""Yeah, thought I'd drop by. What's that you got there?" He pointed to the plant."Beautiful, isn't it? Professor Sprout got it sent all the way in from Iceland. Said the Herbology club can take care of it. Snape called by earlier, asking for a vial of its sap, which is what I'm doing now." She held up the vial and Teddy flinched as one of the roots tried to nip his finger. "You gotta look out though, their thorns are extremely poisonous."She placed down the vial, taking off her gloves and wiping the dirt off her robes. "So what can I help you with?""I..." He began but panicked again. He took a deep breath remembering his father's words. "So, I've been thinking,""That's always good." She replied with a giggle, her golden eyes looking straight into his. Teddy gave a pathetic laugh. "Well, I've been wondering... if you've been asked to... you know... the Yule Ball?""Oh, yes. Boys have asked me to the dance." She replied sweetly.Teddy's stomach dropped. He was either gonna faint, or throw up... Or both!"Oh! You've already been asked?""Yes, I have." She smiled, then glanced up at him from under her eyelashes. "Where you going to ask me?" She said softly."Well... yeah, but now I guess- well this is just awkward. I completely understand so, I should just go-" He said, backing up and accidentally knocking over a pot that shattered on the ground. Arkie winced and Teddy scrambled to pick up the pieces. "I am so sorry, I'm such a cluts.""It's fine. It's fine." She bent down to help and the two butted heads. "Gah!""Oh no! I am so, so, sorry." He apologized. 'If there is a God up there, kill me! Kill me now!' He pleaded, picking up the last of the shattered pieces and throwing them in a nearby bin.He looked back, expecting to see an angry or upset Arkie. But instead she was giggling, still lying on the ground and rubbing her head. Teddy couldn't help smiling. Her laugh was so toxic, he could listen to it all day. He held out his hand which she took kindly."Yes, Arkie, I was going to ask you. But if you've already got a date-" He turned to leave, but Arkie's hand tugged on his denim jumper."Teddy, wait! I said I was asked to the ball, I didn't actually say I said, yes. I turned them all down."His jaw dropped for a second and he fought to form words. "You didn't?""No, I didn't.""Oh!" Teddy's heart thumped again. "Well, would you like to-""Yes, Teddy. I would love to go to the Yule Ball with you." She said, confidentially still holding his hand. Teddy was silent for a second, grinning widely before feeling stupid. "B-Brilliant!""Meet me outside the Great Hall?""Yeah." Was all he could muster as well as series of quick nods, before spinning around and walking out of the greenhouse. As soon as he was outside, he leaned against the greenhouse wall, letting out a humongous sigh.

Chapter 10- Protective Gaze -Teddy scribbled away on his parchment. A mandatory Study Hall had been set for all years, because of some of the classes beingfor the first Tri-Wizard challenge. Teddy had decided to use the time by finishing off his Potions homework. Professor Snape was stalking up and down the hall occasionally pausing to read his book."This is mad." Ron said looking around at the students. "At this rate we'll be the only ones in our year without dates."There was a loud slap as the Potions Master hit Ron on the back of the head. The orange haired boy glanced down at his unfinished homework until the Professor was out of earshot. "Well, us and Neville!" He whispered."But then again he can take himself."Both Harry and Ron laughed. Teddy glanced up at them, he was yet to tell them he had already found a date.Hermione rolled her eyes and whispered harshly. "It might interest you to know that Neville's already got someone." Both boys smiles disappeared and Ron gasps."Now I'm really depressed."The Professor walks past whacking all four of them on the head with his book. While Snape's back is turned Fred hands Ron a note which he reads aloud. "Get a move on or all the good ones will have gone!"Ron looked up in frustration. "Well who are you going with?"Fred turns around, throwing a ball of paper softly at a girl's head. She turns around a mouths and angry, 'What?''Do you want to go to the ball with me?' Fred mouths and the girls blushes before nodding. Teddy shakes his head, grinning. Ron looks around the hall once more before staring at Hermione. "Well Hermione, you're a girl."Teddy froze and winced in silence. Hermione met Ron's eyes angrily. "Oh well spotted." She said sarcastically."Will you come to the dance-"Slap!Ron waited for the Professor to leave again. "Oh, Come on Hermione. It's one thing for a bloke to show up alone. For a girl it's just sad."Teddy winced again as if he was in pain, or perhaps he was just feeling the pain that Ron was no doubt going to be in."I won't be going alone because believe it or not someone's already asked me." She hissed standing up and handing Professor Snape her completed homework. "And I said yes!" She said before storming out of the room."Bloody hell." Ron sighed. "At this point we're all going to be lone wolves.""Actually, not all of us." Teddy admitted and both Harry and Ron looked up at him in confusion. "I got a date to the dance.""You did?""Why'd you sound so surprised?""How did you do it?"He shrugged, scribbling a feel more words. "I just asked.""Who?" Ron asked."Arkie."Harry and Ron turned in their seats to glance at Arkie on the other table. "You mean the HufflePuff Quidditch Chaser and future captain of the Herbology club, Astronomy club and HufflePuff Duelling club, Arkie? That, Arkie?""Yes, that Arkie.""How?""I just asked. It was as simple as that." He paused, thinking back to the awkward conversation they'd had in the greenhouse. "Okay, maybe it isn't that simple. But I'm glad I did it. And Fred's right, you should hurry up and ask someone." Both boys jaws were still hitting the ground.Finally Ron turned to Harry. "Yeah, we've just got to grit our teeth and do it. Tonight when we get back to the common room, we'll both have partners. Agreed?""Agreed." Harry responded.They both gave painful gasps as Professor Snape placed his hands on their heads, forcing them down. Teddy took the opportunity to hand in his homework and leave the hall. He desperately wanted to write to his dad, and tell him the good news.Dear Dad,You're not gonna believe it. I asked Arkie if she'd like to go to the Ball withme, and she said yes!Even though I made myself look like a fool while doing so.It's gonna be great! Thank you so much for your advice, I don't think I would've had the gutsto ask her if you hadn't helped me.I can't wait to see you on Christmas!I promise I'll tell you all about it!It sucks that the night before the Yule Ball is a full moon.I'll be dancing with a headache, but honestly it'll be worth it!Will I see you at the Shrieking Shack? It'd be nice to spend the full moon with you.Love,Teddy LupinDear Teddy,That's great to hear!I'm glad my advice helped and honestly I can't wait to meet her.Make sure you bring her on your next trip to Hogsmeade.I can't wait to hear all about the dance.I'm so proud of you, Ted, I'm sure the Ball will be just as amazingdespite the full moon.Yes, I will meet you in the Shrieking Shack as usual.But, are you sure you wouldn't prefer to spend the night in your dorm?It gets cold during the winter.P.S. You will see that I also sent you a parcel, inside is a pair of dress robes.They're second-hand, but better than nothing. I hope they fit!Love,Remus LupinDear Dad,Of course I'm coming to the Shrieking Shack. No winter's coldcan stop me!The robes fit perfectly, you can't even tell their second-hand, not that I care.I'll make sure to bring Arkie to visit you sometime, but rememberI've asked her to the dance, not to be my girlfriend.See you in a few days!Love,Teddy LupinThe night before Christmas Eve finally arrived. Teddy had made sure to send Professor Dumbledore a letter, asking for his permission to use the Shrieking Shack, which the Professor had happily agreed to.He tugged on his jacket, shivering in the cold as he trudged through the knee-high snow towards the Whomping Willow. "Immobulus!" The thrashing branches froze in place and Teddy scrambled to the hidden passageway. He remembered the last time he'd been standing outside the Whomping Willow, wand in hand and pointing it at Peter Pettigrew.It was also the moment he'd learnt the truth about his father. It should've been happy memory, that he could think back on and smile. But alas, now it was a memory he'd rather not think of.Teddy had grown over the holidays, not a lot, but enough that he now had to crouch slightly to avoid scrapping his head on the low roof of the passageway.He soon reached the end and climbed up the creaking steps of the Shrieking Shack. He was unsure whether his father was there yet, so he strained his ears. Yet it was impossible to tell if the creaks and groans of wood were from a person or the winter wind.He walked into one of the few rooms, it was the one that Ron had been dragged into by Sirius, where Peter Pettigrew was revealed to be alive and a traitor, and the truth about Remus was revealed. He'd been so angry when he'd thought Remus had betrayed him, before he knew the whole story. Quickly, he pushed the thought away.His father was yet to arrive so Teddy walked around the room, attempting to make it more comfortable. In the corner was a shattered bed, with pillow feathers littering the shredded mattress, a piano that had been smashed in half by something big, deep scratches and bites covered the walls. It was truly an awful. Teddy felt sorry for his father, who for so long would've had to transform in there all by himself.But, Remus had told him how his friends had turned into Animagi, just for him so they could join him during the monthly full moons.Teddy took the scratched, moth-eaten bed sheets and laid them in a pile on the floor. They may look like animals, but that didn't mean they had to sleep like ones. The thought reminded him again of the moment the full moon had risen. How scary it had been to not only stand up to an older and stronger Werewolf, but to his own father, and try to remind him that the people he was attacking were their friends.He remembered the bond between them, how he'd been able to communicate through it. His father's thought... they'd truly frightened him. The Werewolf that night may have acted like a father to his cub, but it wasn't him. He'd become something else.'Will it be the same tonight?' He wondered. "No, there's no people around. Tonight will be different. It will be different." He was unsure whether or not he believed it, but the thought helped slightly. He hadn't expected to be attacked by so many memories and emotions. It scared him, but again he tried to push them away as he heard footsteps coming up the stairs.Remus smiled slightly at his son, but Teddy could get the sense that he'd hoped he wouldn't come. Maybe he was ashamed? Ashamed of what he will become in front of his own son.Teddy looked down at his feet. Why had this become so awkward, usually he felt at ease around his dad."You came.""I told you I would. No winter cold could stop me."Remus put on a force smile, but it did next to nothing to lighten the mood. Teddy sat on the edge of the shattered bed, putting on a small smile and gesturing for his father to sit beside to him. Once he did, he hugged him tightly.A few minutes later the moon reached its peak outside. Teddy had to face the other way and cover his ears. He couldn't bring himself to watch or listen to his fathers screams. Instead he focused on his own transformation. Soon he was sitting in the corner of the room, silently."Pup."He turned around to see his dad waiting for him by the bed. He seemed less violent, not angry like he'd been last time they'd transformed together. He wasn't any more human than last time, but he was less wolf. Werewolf Teddy's mood brightened as Werewolf Remus nuzzled him gently. 'Tonight is different.' He thought before remembering his father could most likely hear his thoughts.Werewolf Teddy gently nipped his father's ear, crouching in a playful manner. Werewolf Remus happily joined him, softly knocking his pup over with his paw.Werewolf Teddy was still incredibly small compared to the older Werewolf. It was unknown whether or not it was because of his age or because he only shared part of the lycanthropy gene.The two Werewolves ran around the shack, burning off the energy of the full moon until eventually falling asleep on the sheets Teddy had set out earlier. The Werewolf pup curled up against his father, enjoying his warmth. Werewolf Remus stayed up watching over him, occasionally looking around the shack at every little sound before continuing to watch his pup sleep.It wasn't the way Remus would watch him. Werewolf Remus' gaze had a dark side to it. It was more protective and animal-like, saying he was prepared to destroy anyone who dared to hurt his pup.It was like his father was in sight, but just out of reach. And no matter Teddy tried to hide it or push it away, it was probably the worst pain he'd ever felt.

I've been dying to write this chapter for a while now. Hope you all enjoy it!P.S I'm loving to amazing comments I've been sent. Thank you so much for your support and feed back.Chapter 11- The Yule Ball -Teddy fought to control his laughter, he had to look down to hide his smile. Harry and Ron were walking down the stairs towards him. Ron was wearing the dress robes Mrs Weasley had sent and looked absolutely ridiculous. There were frills everywhere and the fabric was a ghastly reddish-brown. Harry on the other hand looked quite dashing in his brand new dress robes. "Leave it alone!" Harry whispered under his breath to Ron who was tugging at one of the frills.Teddy continued trying not to smile more than he needed to, but laughter was eating him up inside. "Oh, shove off Teddy!" Ron growled, noticing how hard he was trying to remain composed.A small giggled escaped Teddy as he spoke. "Well, I'm not going to lie. It's awful.""Wow, thanks Ted." Ron said sarcastically. "You could've at least tried lying.""Would you have believed me if I had?" Ron ignored him and crossed his arms. Around them girls were walking down the stairs and were greeted by their dates. Teddy couldn't see Arkie yet as he glanced around the room. "How do you feel?" Harry asked."Hm?" He looked back at the others. "Oh. Fine, just fine.""Full moon was okay then I'm guessing.""Yeah, it was great." He lied. "And Madam Pomfrey gave me something for the headache this morning, but I'm not worried about a stupid headache or muscle pains." Teddy brushed his hands through his shaggy hair, he'd tried to do something nice with it but it always seemed to have a mind of its own."Forget your headaches!" Ron spat, obviously not in a good mood. "I look ridiculous!""Honestly, it isn't that bad." Teddy lied again."You just said it was earlier!"He mumbled a small sorry before once again looking around for his date."Poor kid, bet she's alone in her room crying her eyes out."Teddy turned back to Ron. "Who?""Hermione, of course. Come on, Ted. Why'd you think she wouldn't tell us who she's coming with?"Teddy shrugged. "Because we'd take the mickey out of her if she did."More girls were being escorted by their dates into the hall, still no sign of Arkie. "Because nobody asked her. I would have taken her myself if she weren't so bleeding proud." Teddy rolled his eyes."So, who'd you guys bring?"Suddenly, two girls, twins he would've guessed, wearing matching orange and pink Indian-styled dresses, trotted towards them. "Hello, boys." One of them said. "Don't you look... dashing." She paused at the sight of Ron, looking like a an old butler from the 17th century. Teddy again had to struggle to keep his composure. He glanced one more time up the large stone staircase and paused.Arkie stood at the top, looking at the crowd below. She was high up, but Teddy could've sworn she looked nervous as she searched for him. She looked gorgeous in her long, white sleeveless dress. Her skirt was covered in small dots of light, like fireflies, that twinkled brightly in the candle lit stairway. Her hands and ears were decorated with golden rings and earrings that brought out the gold flecks in her eyes, and her chestnut hair had been tied up in a beautiful bun that had been held together with a golden butterfly clasp.He let out a breath of awe.Arkie had almost ran to the Great Hall, stopping at the top of the stairs. From around the corner, her friends watching whispering her good lucks. She looked down at the crowd of students at the bottom of the stairs, yet she couldn't see Teddy.Her heart was thumping widely in her chest.What if he had left? What if because she was late he thought she wasn't coming?She could hear whispers from her friends, yet was to scared to look away from the crowd. He wouldn't leave, Teddy wasn't like that. There was still time before Yule Ball began. Suddenly, she spotted him. He'd noticed her and was standing at the bottom of the stairs, beaming up her with his usual bright smile. His forest green eyes looked her up and down, he was admiring her!Now Arkie truly understood what her friends meant when they talked about, 'looking for their Prince Charming'. She'd found hers, she knew it. There were barely any words to describe the feeling of joy that was glowing inside her as she walked down the steps towards him. His hair was shaggy as usual, yet she wouldn't want it any other way, and despite the small black circles under his eyes and his slightly pale complexion, he looked wide awake and happy.She'd worried that during the ball he would be too tired or in pain to dance after the full moon. She'd seen him like that a few times in the Great Hall, where he had walked in looking exhausted. But tonight he didn't seem to care.On the last few stairs he politely held his hand out to her, which she gladly took, sliding her hand into his. The two looked at each other for what felt like hours before he finally spoke. "You look so beautiful.""Thanks," she blushed. Arkie couldn't remember the last time she'd blushed. "I'm sorry I'm so late. The girl's offered to do my hair, and I didn't know they'd take so long." She glanced up at her friends who were watching them from behind the staircase railing. Teddy waved to them yet none of them waved back, instead they stood there, shooting him icy cold glares. Arkie knew that her friends did not fully support her decision to go with Teddy Lupin to the dance, and couldn't understand why she had turned down so many boys before he'd asked. They'd made that perfectly clear when they confronted her in Astronomy class. They obviously still weren't happy with her choice as they turned around and stormed off.Secretly, Arkie had hoped Teddy would ask her, which was why she'd turned down the other boys offers. She had made a pact with her friends, that if he hadn't asked her the night before the ball, she would attempt to find a last minute replacement. But then he'd finally asked her."Well, your here now. And they did an amazing job. By the way, I wanted to give you this." He held up a long silver chain, on the end of the chain was a small silver star."It's beautiful." She said, as she gently put it on.Arkie smiled so hard her cheeks began to hurt. Then she began to notice others looking at them. Students, from all three schools, walked past with their dates, some shot her mean looks, others simply ignored her. It was strange, she'd never been looked at like that. It was almost, exhilarating. She then spotted Harry and Ron standing with their dates, their mouths were both gaping open.Teddy followed Arkie's gaze, to see what she was looking at and saw his friends looking dumbfounded. They obviously hadn't believed him the other day when he'd claimed to be taking Arkie to the dance. Teddy's cheeks flushed red with embarrassment. "Guys, this is Arkie. My date."Ron's mouth still hung open as Harry shook hands with Arkie. "It's nice to meet you.""Pleasure to meet you too, Harry. You look great, you too Ron." She said, as if she barely noticed how absurd Ron's dress robes were. Teddy liked that about her, she always treated everyone as an equal."You can drop the polite act." He grumbled in a jealous fashion that made his date glare angrily at him."No, I mean it. Very dashing. Padma is one lucky girl."Teddy turned around to see Professor McGonagall walking towards them, looking a little flustered. "Here you are Potter. Are you and Miss Patil ready?"Harry now looked just as flustered. "Ready professor?""To dance," she explained. "It's tradition that the three champions, or in this case four, are the first to dance. Surely I told you that."Harry shook his head, looking extremely nervous. "No."Professor McGonagall straightened her cloak. "Oh well, now you know. Oh!" The Professor caught sight of Ron and his dress robes, her hand went reflexively out fiddling with one of the frills, before seeing there was nothing she could do to fix to ensemble. "As for your Mr Weasely, you may proceed into the great hall with Miss Patil. You too Teddy, you and Arkie go inside."Teddy held out his arm, which Arkie took with a small giggle as they walked towards the Great Hall. Teddy could see from the corner of his eye that Ron and his date looked less happy or keen to go inside.The Great Hall had been completely transformed in less than a day's time. The long tables had been replaced with circular ones surrounded by blue cushioned seats. Ice sculptures decorated each table which was covered with all sorts of delicious foods. A stage had been set up at the very back of the hall, along with a large dance floor. Snow fell on top of the students, the walls were covered in frost and icicles hung from the ceiling.A snowflake landed on Teddy's cheek and disappeared, yet it wasn't cold, in fact he'd hardly felt it. "Wow!" Arkie gasped beside him, looking up at the ceiling and holding her hand which a snowflake softly landed on and evaporated instantly.Suddenly, all the students parted leaving a path for the champions, who all came walking into the Hall with their partners, towards the dance floor. Teddy watched giving a reassuring smile and clapping in congratulations to Harry and the other champions. Cedric Diggory had Cho Chang on his arm, Fleur Delacour was escorted by Roger Davies and Victor Krum had brought... Hermione!"Is that Hermione Granger, with Viktor Krum?" Teddy hadn't noticed Ron and Padma standing beside him.Ron pulled a face that could only be described in one word, jealous. "No. Absolutely not."Teddy and Arkie, still holding hands, followed everyone to the dance floor as the four champions prepared to begin the first dance. The conductor tapped his baton signalling for the musicians to get into position. Slowly they began to play an elegant, yet happy melody that the champions all dance in time to. Teddy noticed Harry looking a bit awkward as he lifted his partner in the air, but he refused to let himself giggle.The students cheered as Dumbledore took Professor McGonagall's hand and joined in with the dance.Soon students, beginning with Neville and Ginny, were also joining in. Teddy turned to Arkie. They exchanged excited glances before gliding onto the dance floor.At first Teddy struggled to match the music's pace, but after a few seconds he was able to naturally sway with the music. Arkie gracefully spun around in his arms, he skirt expanding beautifully lift a white mist. She returned her hand to his shoulder, still stepping in time with the beat. Snow fell down upon them making the whole dance seem even more magical. Arkie glanced up and gasped.Above them the Hogwarts ghosts were also dancing together. Teddy watched them before looking back at Arkie. Their eyes met, glowing gold and forest green. Everything seemed to slow down around him and he caught himself leaning towards her slowly. Suddenly, the music went up on a high note and Teddy quickly attempted to lift her off the ground. The action was slightly behind time.He blushed bright red but Arkie just laughed enjoying the sensation of being lifted off her feet then being gracefully lowered to the ground. Together they spun around the dance floor. Teddy felt a great deal of disappointment as the song ended and they stood facing each other in the center of the dance floor, panting mixed with joyful giggles."I should get something to drink, you want anything?" He asked, breaking the silence."Yes, just some punch please." The two moved off the dance floor and Teddy walked off to scoop them some punch. He noticed Ron sitting next to the punch bowl, his arms crossed. Teddy tried to approach him, without looking as happy as he felt. "You okay, Ron."Ron grumbled something in a low voice. His partner, Padma, was standing by herself on the side of the hall. "You should go dance with Padma. Trust me, it's worth it."The freckled boy grumbled again before standing up and marching towards Padma, who Teddy felt extremely sorry for as he began to scoop the punch into two cups. He glanced up halfway, looking around for Arkie. Once he found her he carried the cups carefully in her direction, but stopped and someone began to talk to her.His insides did a flip and his eyes narrowed towards Draco. Teddy stood behind one of the table's ice sculptures and tried listening in on their conversation."Are you sure you don't want one dance with me?" Draco offered with a crooked smile."I'm sorry Draco, but as I told you said yesterday, Teddy already asked me and I'm here to dance with him." So, Malfoy had attempted to ask Arkie to the dance, a smug smile lit his lips. "Besides, what about your date, Draco? Pansy.""She's too busy stuffing her face." Draco scoffed. "And surely you aren't enjoying yourself, dancing with that dog. I mean, he dances just as well as he would during a full moon, and looks as though he's about to pass out." Draco said, mimicking him dancing, his hands curled into claws. Teddy looked down in embarrassment. Did he really look like that?"Actually, he's a brilliant dancer. Besides, his dancing isn't why I said yes." Arkie voice was sharp, her eyes burning like the hot embers of a dying fire. "I said yes because he's kind, sweet and doesn't tease people because they're different. He is ten times braver and more caring than you'll ever be, Malfoy. That's why. Now if you don't mind, I need to go find my date." She said storming past the gasping blonde haired Slytherin."Arkie, you okay?" Teddy said, walking up to her. She gave an annoyed sigh."Yeah, I'm fine. It's just Draco being Draco.""I understand." He held out her cup to her which she took with a smile."Thanks, Teddy. So far this night's been amazing. I'm just sorry Draco's gone a ruined it."Teddy put on a brave face. "No he hasn't. Don't give him the satisfaction of that." He put his cup down on one of the tables, the next song was about to begin. "Join me for another dance?"Arkie took another sip before nodding. "That'd be nice."

Chapter 12- Merry Christmas Teddy -Later that night, the musicians had been excused from the hall and instead a band known as the 'Weird Sisters' began to play hard modern rock music which everyone jumped to, screaming and pumping their fists in the air.Teddy was dancing beside Arkie in the center of the crowd, watching her jumping and spinning. He observed how she would occasionally close her eyes and just listen to the music, letting her body do whatever it wanted. The two were forced to dance close to each other in the moving crowd, nearby he saw Viktor and Hermione laughing and enjoying the rhythm of the music."Can you dance like a Hippogriff. Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na!" The lead singer yelled into the microphone whilst playing a long riff of his double guitar.Teddy let his body move to the music, but his eyes remained on Arkie was spinning around in the fog that had appeared on the glowing dance floor.Unfortunately, the Weird Sisters began to play their last song for the night, making the students groan sadly. Teddy felt both energetic and tired at the same time. His eyes threatened to close and not open, but he forced them open as he led Arkie off the dance floor. Both of them were panting as they walked towards Harry and Ron, who were looking miserable beside their dates, sitting down at one of the tables.Hermione was standing nearby. Viktor bowed, kissing her hand and gliding off. Hermione did a little twirl before skipping towards them."Hot isn't it? Viktor's gone to get drinks. Care to join us?"Before Teddy could reply, Ron scoffed. "No, we'd NOT care to join you and Viktor."Hermione, still in a good mood, but taken aback by Ron's reply, panted. "What's got your wand in a knot?""He's a Durmstrang. You're fraternising with the enemy."Hermione stared at Ron incredulously. "The enemy? Who was it wanting his autograph? Besides, the whole point of the tournament is 'international magical cooperation', to make friends.""Hrmph, I think he's got a bit more than friendship on his mind."Hermione tried to respond but was at a lost for words. Instead she stormed away from the group. Padma leaned over facing Ron. " Are you going to ask me to dance or not?""No."Teddy glanced sideways at Arkie who whispered in his ear. "Perhaps we should go."He nodded. "Hey, guys I think we'll be off, it's getting late.""Good night." Harry nodded but Ron completely ignored him, so the two left the Great Hall, stopping outside the doors facing each other. "Tonight was... amazing." Arkie sighed in a dreamy fashion. "Thank you so much for asking me.""Thank you for saying yes." He blushed. "Um... I heard what Malfoy said earlier, I just-""Ignore him. He's just jealous. He asked me the other day to go to the dance with him, but I told him I was going with you. And I don't regret it." She added, her hand still in Teddy's. "Will I see you tomorrow?"Teddy took a small moment to collect his thoughts. "Yeah- Oh, no. I'm ugh... I'm actually going to my dad's place for Christmas."Arkie still smiled brightly. "I hope you have fun with your dad. See you after the holidays then." She leaned forward, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek before walking back towards the Hufflepuff common room. Teddy watched her go. He felt light headed, but in a good way. Eventually, he forced his feet to move towards his own room. Once there he fell down on his bed and let out the loud sigh he'd been holding in before falling asleep, still fully dressed, ignoring the cold."Are you excited?" Harry asked, standing in the doorway to Teddy's room where he was packing his belongings."I'm beyond excited! I can't wait to tell Dad all about last night. It's gonna be great, spending the rest of the holidays with my dad-" He stopped looking up at Harry. "Sorry. I know you're staying here over the holidays...""No, no. It's okay, I'm happy for you." There was a silent longing in Harry's voice that made Teddy feel uncomfortable."Well, maybe it's a good thing you're staying here. I mean, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but you still need to figure out that clue. The next tournament is coming up." Harry nodded as Teddy closed the last of his suitcases. "By the way, how are Ron and Hermione? I didn't see either of them at breakfast.""They're not talking to each other." Harry sighed, looking even more miserable than before. Teddy sighed. "Well, maybe they'll be better after the holidays.""Maybe."Teddy stuffed the last of his clothes in his suitcase and zipped it up. He gave one more glance around the small, messy room before deciding he had everything he needed. "Anyway, I'm off to catch the train to Hogsmeade. See you after the holidays, Harry.""See ya, Teddy. Merry Christmas!"The light haired boy carried his suitcase down the hallway towards the courtyard where students were gathering, waiting to head down to the train station. Professor McGonagall struggled to count the heads of all the excited students. Somehow Teddy was able to get through the crowd and be one of the first on board the red and black steam train. He quickly picked a compartment and sat down.He was surprised when the compartment door opened and Hermione invited herself to sit down just opposite of Teddy. She was silent, and looked just a furious as she had the night before. "Hey, Hermione.""Hey, Teddy." She replied quickly."You spending the holidays with your parents too?""Yeah."The conversation didn't continue any further and they both sat silently on the train. "Anything from the trolley?" The trolley woman asked as she strolled past."A chocolate frog please. Actually, make that two." Teddy's hand went to his pocket, pulling out two sickles and exchanging them with the old woman."Anything for you dearie?""No thanks." Hermione said, looking out the window, Crookshanks purring on her lap. Teddy opened one of the chocolate frog packages, snatching the milky frog before it could hop away. Soon the train gave a large whistle as if reached Hogsmeade. "This is my stop. Merry Christmas, Hermione.""Merry Christmas."Teddy shivered, looking around the station. And hand on his shoulder made him jump and spin around. "Dad!" The two embraced in a warm hug."Hey, Ted. Let me help you with your suitcase. So, how was it?"Teddy trudged beside his dad, a slight skip in his step. "Better than I could ever imagine. God, where do I start?" He began explaining the whole night to his father. How Ron had to wear the most ridiculous outfit he'd ever seen, how beautiful Arkie had looked and how they'd danced together for what seemed like hours, how the Great Hall had been completely transformed into a winter wonderland. He didn't mention Draco's chat with Arkie, he didn't want his father to worry about him being bullied. He also didn't mention the kiss. He had no idea what it had meant and he didn't want to give himself false hope.The two walked out of Hogsmeade towards the forest. Nearby a dark bricked cottage, with a white roof, rose in the distance. A little wooden fence went around the small garden out the front of the house. Smoke puffed from the chimney, as if welcoming them home. Teddy kicked the snow off his boots before stepping inside."Go ahead, have a look around. I'll put your stuff upstairs."Teddy didn't need to be told twice as he quickly began to investigate the house. The kitchen bench, which was also the dining room table, was covered in a rough table cloth. Bright light poured through the frozen window panes. Teddy looked out to see a snow covered forest in the distance. At the far end of the kitchen was a staircase heading up, but Teddy continued to look around the first level.He trotted towards the hallways looked only wide enough for one person to walk down at a time. The walls were blank. There were no memories or treasured items to be found. But Teddy wasn't surprised. His father had spent his days constantly moving from place to place and they had hardly anything to signify their time together, only their precious memories.Finally, he found a room that reminded him of his father. The library. Books were stacked in and on top of the single bookshelf. Other books were piled beside the two armchairs that sat by a crackling fireplace. Teddy ran his hand across the books. There were books about everything from the Dark Arts, to astronomy and lunar charts, to muggle and wizard fairy tales."Teddy?""In here, Dad!" He called out, staring at the part of the shelf dedicated to muggle stories. He smiled at the strange titles. 'Goldilocks and the Three Bears', 'Jack and the Beanstalk', 'Arabian Nights', 'Beauty and the Beast'. He lightly chuckled, still running his fingers across the books. 'Cinderella', 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs'. Muggles sure did come up with the silliest titles. 'The Three Little Pigs', 'Red Riding Hood', 'The Boy Who Cried Wolf'."There you are." His father walked into the library. "What do you think?""I think this is amazing!" Teddy spun around once, getting a full view of the room and its contents before resting in one of the armchairs. "I think the library is my favourite so far.""Why don't you go check out your room? You hungry?""Always." Teddy jumped up and ran towards the staircase, halfway down the hall his foot bumped into something. It was a trap door, barely noticeable on the wooden floor. Teddy hated to think of where it led to. The idea of it leading to a basement sent chills down his back as he flew up the stairs, searching for his room which was at the very end of the hall, opposite to his father's room.The walls were covered in white wallpaper a large wooden beams stretched out across the ceiling. There was single window with what he thought he could turn into a small window seat. A single bed had been set up on one side of the room as well as a wooden bedside table and a reading lamp. A dark wooden wardrobe stood tall beside a long slightly rusting mirror.Teddy couldn't wait to decorated the walls, he could imagine setting up posters and drawing and photos above his bed. Of course he'd only probably be visiting during school holidays, but the space was completely his. He hurriedly unpacked his belongs, placing his quill and parchment on his bedside table as well as the Marauders Map, his wolf necklace that wagged its tail happily, and his wand. He tossed his clothes in the wardrobe just as his dad called up to him."Coming!" He yelled taking one last look at his temporary room. "Whatever you're making, it smells fantastic." He said as he walked down the stairs. Remus grinned, spooning two bowls full of hot Tomato soup."Sorry, it's no Christmas feast.""I don't care, Dad. I think it's great. All of this is great, I'm really proud of you.""Thanks, Ted. That means a lot to me. I've been able to find a few stable jobs. They don't pay much, but it was enough to buy my own place. Do you really like it here?""Yeah." Teddy sighed after taking a small sip of his soup. "It's cute and homey.""That's great to hear."Teddy bent down to take another sip but stopped, noticing something placed next to his bowl. It was a long yellow envelope. "What's this?" He asked."A Christmas present." Remus straightened, pushing the envelope closer to Teddy."Oh! That's reminds me. I bought you a chocolate frog on the train." He pulled the small chocolate frog box from his jumper pocket but groaned. The lid was open and the frog was gone. "Damn it! It must've jumped out on the way here."Remus smiled but seemed to be more focused on the envelope. Teddy gave an awkward smile. "Dad, you know I don't need anything. I'm spending the holidays with you! I've already got everything I've ever wanted.""Just open it."Teddy's warm fingers traced the envelope, giving one more glance up at his father before ripping the yellow paper. Inside was a small stack of parchment. "Wow! Parchment, just what I needed." Teddy joked."They're for me to sign, but I wanted your signature as well. To know you also want it.""Want what?""For me to 'officially' be your Dad."Teddy cocked his head confused, staring down at the parchment in his hands. His green eyes widened. "These... these are adoption papers!"Remus was smiling nervously, waiting to hear Teddy's answer. "I realize it may be a bit soon but-""No!" Teddy jumped out of his seat. "No! I want this! This- This is brilliant! Dad, I-" He ran around the table, the parchment still in hand, hugging his father so hard he almost fell off his chair. "Now I've got everything I ever wanted." He hummed.Remus felt a warmth in his chest at his son's hug. Before Teddy, he couldn't remember the last time he'd been hugged. He placed a hand on his son's soft hair, remembering how he'd been so terrified about Teddy finding out the truth, that he was his birth father. He thought he'd hate him. But instead, they were both able to fill the holes in each others hearts. "Merry Christmas, Teddy.""Merry Christmas, Dad."

Sorry this has taken so long.I've been busy with homework and study. Plus I was experiencing some writers block.Chapter 13- Death in The Dark Forest -"That's great, Teddy!" Hermione's mood had considerably changed over the holidays, yet she and Ron avoided talking to each other as much as possible. Which he guessed was better than them constantly grabbing at each others necks, like he had imagined they would. Teddy had arrived back at Hogwarts at midday and had spent the rest of the day looking for the others. He had eventually found them in the library before telling them the good news. "We're really happy for you, honestly.""But... I've caught you at a bad time haven't I?" He said, noticing their grim faces. Harry was resting his chin on a library book, looking both bored and nervous. "What'd I miss?""Harry figured out the next clue.""Really? How'd you do that?" He asked, remembering the terrible screams that had escaped from the golden egg when harry had first opened it."We'll explain later. Harry can you repeat what it said again?"Harry tapped his head on the book. His eyes were tired and bored, showing that they'd been at this for a while. "Come seek us where our voices sound."Hermione was pacing back a forth. "The black lake, that's obvious.""An hour long you'll have to look.""Again obvious, though I must admit potentially problematic."Harry leaned back in his chair. "Potentially problematic? When was the last time you held your breath under the water for an hour Hermione?"She sighed, shaking her head. "Look Harry, we can do this. The four of us can figure this out." Teddy scratched his head. Surely there was a spell or something that could help. Suddenly, there was a loud thump and Professor Moody came limping towards them."Hate to break up this scholar session, but Professor McGonagall would like to see you in her office. Not you two, just Weasly and Granger."Hermione looked up at the scarred ex-auror. "But sir, the second task is only hours away and-""Exactly. Presumably Potter is well prepared by now and could do with a good night's sleep. Go. Now!" Harry hesitantly got up and walked out of the library. "Longbottom!"Neville peers around a bookcase. "Why don't you help Potter put his books back." He said before limping off, his metal leg thumping heavily."You know, if you're interested in plants you'd be better with Gorshok's Guide to Herbology." Neville said, noticing some of the books were Herbology books.'Oh, actually these are the others books. I just got here." He explained, stacking the thick books in a pile."Do you know there's a wizard in Nepal whose growing gravity resistant trees?""No I didn't." He said half interested. "Actually, Neville. No offense, but I'm not that interested about plants. Now if there's a Tibetan turnip that will allow Harry to breathe underwater for an hour then great."Nevilla paused as if to think. "I don't know about a turnip but you can always use Gilliweed.""What's Gilliweed?" Teddy glanced up."Gilliweed? What's Gilliweed?" Teddy, Neville and Harry trudged down with the crowd towards the Black Lake."It's this plant." Teddy pointed to the green plantlife in Neville's hand. "In short, it helps you breath underwater.""Well, actually if we're being technical-" Neville cut short at Teddy's glare. Harry was looking on edge."You're sure this will work, Neville?" He asked."Absolutely."Teddy stumbled slightly as they bounded down the grassy hill towards the lake edge."For an hour?""Most likely."Harry went stiff."Most likely?" He hissed.Neville stammered slightly. "Well there is some debate among herbologists as to the effects of freshwater versus saltwater-""You're telling me this now? You must be joking." Harry glared at Teddy as if it was his fault. Teddy in return refused to meet his gaze and attempted to swallow down his worry."He just wants to help, Harry.""Well that's more than I can say for Ron and Hermione. Where are they anyway?" Harry walked backwards for a bit, trying to see if they were behind them."Don't know. Haven't seen them since they went to Dumbledore.""You seem a little tense Harry." Neville said observantly."Do I?" Harry said sarcastically. The three jumped on one of the self-rowing boats that brought them to three large wooden towers that peered down into the black water.Dumbledore's voice echoed from somewhere above the towers. Students were peering over the edge, chanting their champions names."Welcome to the second task! Last night something was stolen from each of our champions. A treasure of sorts. These four treasures, one for each champion, now lie on the bottom of the Black Lake. In order to win each champion need only find their treasure and return to the surface. They will have one hour to do so and one hour only. After that they'll be on their own."Harry had pulled off his t-shirt and was standing on the edge of the lower level of the tower, staring into the dark water. "You're going to do great, Harry." Teddy said, looking around. Where were Ron and Hermione?There was a familiar grunt and Professor Moody growled lowly. "Put that in your mouth."Harry quickly puts the Gilliweed in his mouth and starts gagging. Teddy stood next to Neville who was muttering to himself nervously."You may begin at the start of the cannon." Dumbledore announces and the cannon fires. The other three champions dive but Harry is still gagging on the Gilliweed, until Moody pushes him into the water where he disappeared."What's the matter with him?" A Gryffindor boy asked, leaning over the edge."I don't know I can't see him." Teddy said also leaning over the edge."What's going on?" Arkie had pushed through the crowd and was standing beside Teddy.Neville was now panting behind them, running his hands through his hair and shouting. "Oh my god, I've killed Harry Potter!"There was a loud splash. Harry flew out of the water like a graceful dolphin. His hands and feet were now fins and gills had grown on the side of his neck. The crowd cheered before he disappeared back into the water. "Go, Harry!" Teddy yelled.For a while the crowd sat, waiting for the champions to return. There was a gasp. Fleur rose from the water yet had failed to obtain the treasure."The Beauxbatons champion Miss Delacour has unfortunately been forced to retire. She will take no further part in this task." Dumbledore announced and there was a sad sigh from the Beauxbatons students.Soon there was another gasp. Cedric appeared above the water holding Cho Chang, next was Krum and Hermione.But no Harry."What about the Beauxbaton's champion?" He asked aloud. There was silence, then...Gasp!Two heads popped up above the water. One of them belonged to Ron, the other was a blonde haired girl. The two swam to the towers, where Fleur hugged the little girl.Then Harry propelled out of the water, landing on the tower deck. "Get him a towel!""I want all the judges over here!" Dumbledore said.Teddy ran to Harry's side. "You did it, Harry." Harry let out a tired, yet happy pant.Fleur pushed past them towards Harry, wrapping him in a wet hug. "You saved her, even though she wasn't yours to save. My little sister! Thank you!" She turned around to Ron who was wrapped in a fluffy towel, his face pale with cold. "And you. You helped!" She squealed in her usual french accent.Ron looked slightly flustered. "Well... yeah... a bit-" He paused when Fleur kissed him before running back to her sister. "Merci." He breathed, looking even paler than before."Harry!" Hermione came running over to Harry holding a towel. "Are you alright? You must be freezing! Personally I think you behaved admirably.""You gave us a scare there for a bit." Teddy said, crouching by Harry. "Congrats."'Attention! Attention!" Dumbledore said, looking at the three schools. "The winner of the second task is... Mr Diggory! "For showing unique command of the bubblehead charm."Cedric and his friends cheer loudly. "Diggory! Diggory! Diggory!""The way I see it," the Headmaster continued. "Mr Potter would have finished first, had it not been for his determination to rescue not only Mr Weasley but the others as well. We've agreed to award him second place! For outstanding moral fibre."The Hogwarts students cheer again and Teddy hugged Harry before looking at his now wet clothing. Later they were all climbing out of the row boats and back on the shore. "Land, sweet land." Teddy sighed standing on the firm ground."Mr Potter." Barty Crouch said, walking towards Harry and the others. "Well done boy. I'm sorry we haven't spoken, after all your story is one I've heard many times. Quite remarkable. Tragic of course, to lose one's family. Never whole again are we? Still, life goes on. And here we stand. I'm sure your parents would be very proud today Potter."Teddy listened from the side before hearing an all too familiar grunt. Teddy looked up at the scarred Professor studying ever part of his face. "Bartimus! Not trying to lure Potter into one of the Ministry's summer internships are we? Last boy who went into the Department of Ministries never came out!"Barty stared at Moody as if trying to read him. Then his expression turned to one of panic and he quickly walked off."And they say I'm mad!" Moody called out after him."You should go to bed, Harry. Tomorrow's the final task." Teddy said, looking up from his textbook, quill in hand. Harry nodded, beginning to pack up his stuff. "Oh, Harry, I forgot to tell you, my dad's coming to the task to.""Can't wait to see him there." He smiled before turning to the others and saying goodnight.A few hours later Ron and Hermione packed up their things and went back to their dorms, but Teddy stayed in the library, intent on finishing his homework. Eventually, he left and went down the stairs to his dorm. Once outside the door he paused. The door as the end of the hall, which led to the Dark Forest, was open. Maybe the wind had blown it open?His shoes echoed against the walls and he walked towards it. Halfway through closing it, he saw a dark figure walking down the path towards the forest. "Professor Moody?"The professor didn't hear him and continued down the path. Intrigued, Teddy dropped his things and followed after him into the forest. "Professor?" He called out, but heard no response.Crack!He spun around, hearing voices nearby. The moon was hidden behind a cloud making the forest impossibly dark."It's you, isn't it?""Mr Crouch?" Teddy whispered in surprise, freezing in place."But... it can't be... Where is the real Mad-Eye Moody? How did you-""The Dark Lord has his ways." Another voice growled. It was Professor Moody's voice. What were they doing together in the Dark Forest?"You won't get away with this, Junior." Barty said. "The Minister and Dumbledore will find out your true identity and whatever you're planning to do for the Dark Lord will fail...""Oh, will it now?"Teddy tripped lightly and ended up crawling on his hands and feet towards the voices. What was going on? Blinking through the shadows he saw two figures facing each other, one was lean and tall, the other was muscular and slightly hunched."Professor-"Then he heard it. The Professor growled out two words that sent chills down his spine."Avada Kedavra!"There was a bright green flash that lit up the two men and Teddy watched in horror as Barty Crouch fell to the ground... and never got up.Teddy couldn't move as he crouched there on his hands and knees. Watching as the light disappeared and the huge figure that was his Dark Arts Proffesor trudged off. Something escaped his lips. A whimper.He stuck his fist in his mouth as he leaned back against a tree, closing his eyes and feeling something wet run down his cheeks. His heart was hammering loudly in his chest, he could hear the blood in his ears. His teeth bit down hard on his knuckle, turning it white. The memory of Barty falling, his bowler's cap rolling away and his eyes wide open in fear, was on repeat in his head.Then there was Moody's face, twisted into a crooked smile. But it wasn't Moody... Mr Crouch had said so himself. Who was the impostor then?He had to warn Harry and the others, and Dumbledore. Teddy tried standing up but his legs gave out from underneath him causing him to fall and scrapped his knees. He breathed a sharp hiss of pain putting his hand on the tree's trunk to help him up. Goosebumps had formed along his arms.The forest was deathly quiet, except for his deep, uneven breathing. Teddy shook the word 'deathly' from his head and he looked back at where he'd last seen Mr Crouch, only it was too dark to see. He took a step forward. His legs shook, threatening to give out again.One step. Another step. One more.This was North, right?Pain shot up from his bleeding knees. There was no way of telling if he was heading the right way. He'd left his wand among his stuff that was outside his room. The lights of Hogwarts were no where to be seen and clouds covered the sky. He was lost.The trees only got thicker and thicker, he kept tripping over large roots and rocks.The only sound he heard was when a random gust of wind blew through the forest, causing the branches to shake. It wouldn't have matter if he was walking with his eyes opened or closed, everything was so dark and unfamiliar. After what felt like hours of walking his limbs were numb with cold and drowziness was threatening to over come him.Then it did.He didn't even realize he had tripped. He was too tired and too weak to feel his head collide with a sharp rock. Everything remained black and quiet.

Chapter 14- The Final Task -"Professor Lupin!" Harry said with a grin."Please, Harry. I'm not your professor anymore, you can call me Remus.""Teddy told me you'd be coming."Remus smiled warmly before looking around at the large crowds of students. "You wouldn't happen to have seen Teddy? We'd planned to meet by the entrance, but I don't see him."All around them stands had been set up for the students, parents and guests. The stands surrounded the entrance of a giant maze that made Harry feel sick to his stomach. Torches lit up the area"No, I haven't see him since last night and we didn't see him today either." Ron said."I hope he's okay, after Mr Crouch's body was found in the Dark Forest..." Hermione fiddled with a strand of her hair, staring into the wave of students taking their seats excitedly. A band had begun to play, blaring the Hogwart's anthem. Men and women with cameras were snapping pictures left and right.Mr Weasley and Amos Diggory were waving at them from the stands in a jolly fashion."I'm sure he's fine, just late." Ron reassured."Well, I'd better go and sit down. Hopefully I'll spot him soon." He nodded and went to join the two fathers who greeted him warmly. A few students and their parents saw the werewolf and slid as far away as they could in the crowded space.Ron and Hermione wished him luck and joined the other Hogwart's students in the stands. Harry and the other champions stood by the four entrances into the maze, each one looking just as scared as the next. "Good luck, Harry.""Thanks Cedric. You too."The two boys shook hands and Harry glanced out at the stands. Still no sign of Teddy. Had he bailed on him?"Welcome, everyone!" Dumbledore's voice bellowed over the chatting, chanting and whistling of the crowd. "Welcome to the third and final task!"The crowd screamed in excitement.Teddy woke up to a loud roar. He jumped up, wincing as his knees which were bloody and covered in dirt. His hands, face and clothes were also covered in thick dirt. His shirt was ripped by his shoulder and could feel something warm and sticky on the side of his face. He put his finger to the sticky substance and in panic, wiped his blood off on his pants.He remembered the events of that'd just happened, or was it last night? How long had he been unconscious?It was impossible to tell. It was still night time, yet there were no clouds in the sky and through the trees he could see light. He heard the same roar again and released it was the cheers of a crowd. The Tri-Wizard Tournament!He broke out into a run, his muscles aching from lying on the forest ground."Harry! Harry! Cedric! Cedric! Krum! Krum! Delacour! Delacour!"The chanting grew louder and louder."Woah!" Teddy yelled coming to a sharp stop. He was standing on the top of a step hill. Below him he saw a sea of people sitting around a huge maze that appeared to go on for miles. By the front of the maze stood the four champions and... Moody!He had to tell them what he had seen. Did they even know that Barty Crouch was dead?"Harry! Harry!" He screamed, his voice cracking. "Hermione! Ron! Dad! Up here!"But it was useless. He could barely hear himself over the crowd."Welcome everyone! Welcome to the third and final task!" Dumbledore said from among the crowd below."Dumbledore! Dumbledore!" They still couldn't hear him. His green eyes stared down the hill. It was steep, yet climbable. It would take too long to go around. He had no choice."Earlier today Professor Moody placed the Tri-Wizard Cup deep within the maze. Only he knows its exact position. Now as Mr Diggory..." The crowd cheered on hearing his name. "And Mr Potter tied for first position, they will be the first to enter the maze. Followed by Mr Krum and Ms Delacour. The first person to touch the cup will be the winner."Teddy picked up the pace, driving the heel of his foot into the hillside. His knees felt like they were on fire. But the bottom of the hill was coming closer and closer."I've instructed the staff to patrol the perimeter, if at any point should a contestant wishes to withdraw from the task, he or she need only send up red sparks with their wands. Contestants, gather round.""No! No! No! No!" He yelled, jumping over the last part of the hill and landing on his stomach. Everything hurt but he swallowed down the pain and ran towards the maze. He could no longer see the champions over the crowded stands but he just had to keep moving.Remus watched as Harry and the other three champions disappeared into the maze. He looked around the crowd once more, spotting Hermione and Ron standing close to the front. But Teddy still wasn't with them.Where was he. The two had promised to meet before the task began and surely Teddy would want to comfort his friend. He couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong."Dad!"The cry was faint but Remus recognised his son's voice. His head flicked in its direction. Teddy was walking out from the forest towards the crowd who had yet to notice him."Teddy!" Remus waved giving a bright smile and turning to Mr Weasley and Amos. "I'll be right back." He got up and slid away from the crowd. "I was beginning to worry, Teddy. You just missed Harry going into the..." His voice gave out as he saw his son properly.Remus had felt pain before, not just physical pain but emotional pain. He'd felt it in moments like when Carla had passed away beside him, when Teddy had been given away and the disappointed look on his face when he told him he couldn't yet take care of him like a normal father should.But nothing compared the pain he felt when he saw his son bleeding, bruised and limping towards him."Teddy!"A large gash bled down the the boys face, his shirt was ripped, his knees were bleeding and he looked terrified. "Dad." The sound of his weak voice was like a dagger to the heart as he held the shaking boy gently in his arms. "Teddy, what happened?""Mr Crouch... he's dead." He announced.Remus had already read about it in the Daily Prophet, but Teddy seemed to think it was new news. "Teddy, I know... where- where you there?" He asked in horror as Teddy nodded. "We need to get you to Madam Pomfrey-""No!" He croaked. "No, I have to tell you... Moody...""Teddy, you're hurt."Teddy tripped but caught himself. "I have to tell you...""Teddy, whatever it is it can wait, you need medical attention- you're as cold as ice.""Where is he? Moody, where is he?" He asked weakly. "I have to... I have to..."He stumbled and Remus caught him quickly."Merlin's beard! What's happened?" Madam Pomfrey came trotting towards them, wand in hand."I don't know, he just came here like this. He keeps asking for Mad-Eye." Remus didn't leave his son's side as she inspected him."Looks like he's been out cold for hours on end, cut's infected on the head and knees, looks quite shaken..." she muttered to herself. "Poor thing must've been in the Dark Forest." She flicked her wand and a bag of ice formed in her hand which she placed on the boy's head. "He'll be fine, he just needs some rest and disinfectant.""What were you doing in the Dark Forest, Teddy?""I saw... I saw..." He panted before blinking his eyes, seeming to regain some of his strength as he tried to sit up. "You have to find Moody... he isn't Moody."Madam Pomfrey looked at the gash along his hairline again and put his hand on his shoulder to lightly push him back down. "He's in shock. Mr Lupin you should try to move as little as possible-""I'm not in shock!" He whacked her hand away, ignoring the numb feeling in his cold fingers. "He's in danger! The Dark Lord! He's planned something... you have to find Moody.""Who's in danger, Teddy?" Remus asked, but his words were drowned out by the excited cheers of the students. The band had begun to play again. They had returned! They were alright!Teddy could feel the weight lift from his chest as he used both hands to push himself up, despite Madam Pomfrey's advice. The joy that they were safe seemed to give him energy. Soon he was limping through the crowd.Harry and Cedric were lying in front of the maze. In the crowd Mr Weasley and Amos Diggory were hugging each other happily."Teddy! There you are... you look awful!" Hermione said."I'm fine... they're fine..." He breathed.But then there was a scream. Fleur was wailing, looking at Cedric who had yet to stand up. Teddy took a few steps forward to get a better look. Cedric's face was the same as Barty Crouch's had been.Cold. Scared. Dead.

Chapter 15- Our Hearts Beat As One -Teddy limped forward towards Harry who was weeping over Cedric's body."Harry! Harry!" Dumbledore pushed through the crowd towards him, followed by the Minister. "Tell me what happened!"Harry looked just as bad as Teddy as he sobbed out a loud reply. "He's back, he's back! Voldemort's back. Cedric, he asked me to bring his body back. I couldn't leave him, not there."Dumbledore was trying to help Harry up but he refused to leave Cedric's side."It's alright Harry. It's alright, he's home, you both are.""Keep everybody in their seats." The Minister ordered. Remus had appeared through the crowd and ran to Teddy's side."Teddy-" He stopped, following his son's gaze to Cedric. "Dear God..." He breathed.The Minister was bending down by the Headmaster whispering. "The body must be moved Dumbledore, there are... too many people."Their was a loud cry. Amos was struggling to get down to Cedric, his son. "Let me through! Let me through! That's my son! That's my boy! My boy!" He broke down by the body. Teddy couldn't watch, he leaned into his father burying his face in his chest, hoping to drown out Amos and Harry's cries. But it didn't help. He no longer cared about the pain from the cut on his head or knees.Eventually he forced himself to look back at the scene. But something was missing.Where was Harry? And Moody- the impostor?Teddy walked away from his father towards Dumbledore. "Teddy?""Where is he?""Where's who, Teddy?" The Headmaster asked, looking up.Teddy's heart was racing again, something that seemed to occur too often. "Harry. Moody. Where are they? You need to find the Professor, he's not who he says he is."Dumbledore stood up and turned towards Snape and Professor McGonagall, the two of them walked off back to the castle. Teddy ran after them. He didn't care about the pain in his knees as he climbed the pathway and soon the stairs of the castle towards the Dark Arts room, that'd once been his father's. "Teddy!" Remus was right behind him, yet he didn't stop."Expelliarmus!" Dumbledore yelled, pointing his wand at the Professor's office door. It burst open and Moody was thrown back into his desk chair. It all happened so quickly.Harry was sitting by the fire looking terrified, Dumbledore had grabbed Moody by the collar, his wand at the intruders throat. "Severus!" He growled.Teddy watched as the Potions Master moved forward, pulling out a vial and dripping its contents into Moody's gaping mouth. Teddy recognised the smell of the truth-telling serum. "Do you know who I am?"Moody choked. "Albus Dumbledore.""Are you Alastor Moody?" No response. "Are you?""No!"Teddy could sense his father behind, grabbing his shoulder so he couldn't step any further into the room. "Harry, come here." Remus said and Harry did so.Dumbledore continued questioning. "Is he in this room? Is he in this room?"The impostor's eyes flicked over to a large chest in the corner of the room. "Stand back!"Snape flicked his wand at the chest which swung open, revealing three more chests inside that opened one by one. When the final chest was open they all peered inside. Sitting at the bottom of a large pit, was the real Alastor Moody. "Are you alright, Alastor.""I'm sorry Albus." He groaned."But if that's Moody then who's..." Harry glanced back at the fake Moody still sitting in the chair.Severus had picked up one of his flasks and smelt it. "Polyjuice Potion.""We'll get you up in a minute, Alastor."Teddy gasped as he looked up at the imposter, who was gagging and shaking violently and transforming. The fake blue eye was pulled off and soon an unfamiliar man was sitting in the chair gasping and sweating. "Barty Crouch Junior." Dumbledore sighed.Teddy's eyes widened. So this was the man that'd killed Mr Crouch... his own father."I'll show you mine if you show me yours." He hissed, rolling up his sleeve to reveal a skull and snake marking."Your arm Harry." Dumbledore ordered, pulling out Harry's arm. There was a alrge cut in it in the same position as Barty Jr's marking.Barty Jr gave a breathless laugh. "You know what this means don't you? He's back. Lord Voldemort has returned."Dumbledore ignored him, turning to Professor Snape. "Send an owl to Azkaban, think they'll find they're missing a prisoner. Remus if you could take both your son and Harry to the Hospital Wing.""Yes, Albus." Remus said, leading both boys out of the room."I'll be welcomed back like a hero." Barty Jr cocked in glee.Dumbledore followed them out of the door. "Perhaps. Personally I've never had much time for heroes."Teddy stood among his fellow Ravenclaw's, the gash on his head leaving a faint, barely noticeable scar. Grey banners hung above the Great Hall filled with students bowing their heads as Dumbledore spoke in a sorrowful tone. Across from his, among the Hufflepuff's, he noticed Arkie. but she was staring down at her feet sadly, not making eye contact with anyone."Today we acknowledge a really terrible loss." Dumbledore sighed from behind his lecturn. "Cedric Diggory was as you all know, exceptionally hard working, intricately fair minded. And most importantly, a fierce fierce friend." I sob escaped from Cho Chang. Teddy wished he could comfort her but she was too far away and was surrounded by her friends."I think therefore you have the right to know exactly how he died." Teddy looked up. The ceiling of the Great Hall was storming, as if Hogwart's itself was mourning. "You see, Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort.""The Ministry of Magic does not wish me to tell you this. But not to do so I think would be an insult to his memory. Now the pain we all feel at this dreadful loss reminds me, reminds us that while we may come from different places, speak in different tongues and come from different families," Teddy looked up to find Dumbledore glance at him for the inch of a second. "Our hearts beat as one."Teddy looked back down again and taking a slow breath."In light of recent events, the bonds of friendship we made this year will be more important than ever. Remember that and Cedric Diggory will not have died in vain, you remember that. And we'll celebrate a boy who was kind and honest and brave and true right to the very end."The Beauxbaton girls and Durmstrang boys all walked across the courtyard in their uniforms, hugging and waving goodbye to the Hogwart's students. Teddy watched from the sidelines, smiling warmly as Viktor exchanged a note with Hermione, kissing her hand and left."Hey, stranger." He looked to his left to see Arkie walking towards him, dressed in her Hufflepuff robes."Hi." He smiled."You okay?"He nodded reassuringly. "I'll be fine. Oh, I was... well... I was wondering if you'd like to meet my father over the holidays... but also, if you'd like to catch up just you and me..."She leaned forward, kissing him lightly on the cheek. "I'd like that very much." She said before walking over to her friends, who were still shooting him disapproving glances. But he didn't care.There was a shuffling noise as Harry, Ron and Hermione joined him, watching the visiting school's leave. "Do you think we'll ever just have a quiet year at Hogwarts?" Ron asked with a grin."Never." Teddy replied, leaning against the wall."No I don't think so." Harry said as well."Oh, well. What's life without a few dragons." Ron joked.The four of them laughed, walking across the courtyard together. "Everything's going to change now isn't it?" Hermione sighed."Yes." Harry nodded."Promise me you'll write, all of you."Teddy shrugged. "Sure, every week."There was a high pitched neigh, and the Beauxbaton's Pegasus drawn carriage flew over head and into the distance.To be continued...

Welcome to my version of 'The Order of the Phoenix'!Thank you so much for your amazing comments!PrologueThe holidays had been quiet for the Lupin family. Teddy had spent his first few days decorating his room. Posters of famous Quidditch teams were plastered on his wall. Pictures of his friends, father and girlfriend were attached to his mirror. His bedside table and desk were covered in books he had taken from the downstairs library and had yet to return, as well as spare quills, parchment and his wand.Surprisingly, Teddy hadn't visited Hogsmeade as often as he thought he would. In the first few weeks, Teddy would spend all his time in the town, sight seeing and visiting his father while he worked. But after a while, especially when winter came around, he spent more time cooped up in their small cottage at the edge of town.His shoes were scattered on the floor as he swung left and right on his hammock, maybe out of an old curtain he'd found in the attic. His green eyes scanned over his father's copy of 'Tales of Beedle the Bard'.A copy of the Daily Prophet laid on his desk, yet he hated reading it. On the front page was a picture of Harry under words, in large bold writing, 'The Boy Who Lies'. The picture changed, showing the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge. 'Fudge Says, "All Is Well!"'.His fingers flipped to the next page as he heard a familiar creak of the front door. "Teddy." He father called up to him from downstairs. Teddy glanced at the clock on his wall. It was ten past eight.The fifteen year old had gotten used to his father returning at odd hours, even after all the shops in Hogsmeade were closed. Every time he asked Remus would say he had offered to stay longer and help clean up, but a few days ago Teddy had walked down to the Three Broomsticks to here his father hadn't been showing up to work for weeks.The last time he'd brought it up during their dinner, Remus had denied it and Teddy had stormed off into his room.It made no sense, he knew his father was still getting a fair income, yet he'd checked every shop in Hogsmeade. Each of the owners claimed his father had quite just a few days after the holidays began."Up here, Dad." He said, still reading his book."Can you come down here?"Teddy closed the cover and walked downstairs. "Yeah, Dad?"Remus walked straight past Teddy and up the stairs. Teddy gave him a strange look and followed after him. "Did you want to ask me something, or...?" He watched as his father climbed into the attic. "What are you doing?""Help me with this." He passed down something heavy. A suitcase?"Are we going somewhere?" Teddy asked as his father passed down yet another suitcase. Remus ignored his son's question and closed the attic."Go pack your things. We won't be back here for a while.""What? Why?"Again he didn't reply so Teddy frustratingly walked to his room, opening the suitcase on his bed and begun to pack his things. This wasn't the fist time he got the sense that his father didn't trust him. Finally, he zipped up his suitcase and grabbed his wand, tucking it into his belt. Once he lugged his things downstairs Remus was standing by the fireplace. "Wait, are we using the Floo Network? Where are we going?""I can't say, Teddy. I wish I could.""I'm not going until you tell me where and why." Teddy drooped his suitcase, leaning against the wall. Remus faced him, seeming to calm down for a second. He watched as his father glanced around the house, as if it'd be the last time he'd ever see it. "Teddy, I haven't been completely honest with you-""Oh, I know." Teddy said, arms crossed."But we can't talk here, it's not safe.""What, are we being watched?" Teddy scoffed, but frowned at his father's reaction. "Dad, why are we being watched?""I promise you, I'll explain it all later. Teddy, please just trust me."

Chapter 1- The Order of the Phoenix -The front door to the headquarters opened, and Harry and his guards trudged inside. The door at the end of the hall was open and whispers were coming from inside.Teddy watched from the top of the staircase, hidden from view. He watched as Moody, the real Moody this time, pushed past Harry and into the dining room. There was a thump as Tonks, a witch with bright violet hair, stumbling into an umbrella stand.They all disappeared into the room, leaving Harry in the hall."Well, tonight I say it's time to take action!""Cornelius Fudge is a politician first and a wizard second...""His instinct would be to ignore it...""Keep your voices down!""He's getting stronger and stronger by the minute. We have to act now-"Inside the dining room, Harry caught a glimpse of Sirius, Remus and other witches and wizards sitting around a large table. They both looked up at him before someone blocked their view. "Harry.""Mrs Weasley." He smiled, happy to see her."Heavens, you're all right. Bit peaky, but I'm afraid dinner will have to wait until after the meeting's finished. No time to explain. Straight upstairs, first door on the left. You can go too, Teddy." She said, raising her voice to Teddy who groaned from his hiding spot. She shut the door, muffling the conversation inside."Hey, Harry!" Teddy stood up.Harry looked up at Teddy in surprise. He looked very different from when he'd last seen him. He looked taller, almost as tall as Remus. His light brown hair had lost its shaggy texture. His voice was also slightly deeper and stronger. But his eyes and bright smile was the same. He looked nothing like the bleeding, bruised and terrified boy that'd walked out of the Dark Forest after watching a man die in front of his eyes. Something Harry wished he could relate to. "Hey, Teddy."Teddy skipped down the stairs and hugged Harry brotherly. "My father told me about the Dementors. You alright?""Yeah, I'm fine."Teddy looked at the door. "Been sitting here for hours, trying to hear what they're saying." He grumbled. "Come on, your room's this way." He led Harry up the stairs onto the second floor. "Oh, great." Teddy groaned."What?""It's Kreacher." He whispered as he continued to walk down the hall.An ugly house elf with a beak-like nose was muttering to himself while looking into rooms one by one. The elf stopped upon seeing them and glanced from Harry to Teddy, his small beady eyes glaring. "Werewolves, mudbloods, traitors, thieves. If my poor mistress knew the scum they let into her house... What would she say to old Kreacher? Oh, the shame. Freaks. There, there, Mistress. Scum of the earth. Not like it was in the days of my fathers. Kreacher is here."He muttered, still staring at them darkly."Charming isn't he?" Teddy said with a smirk as they passed by. "I'll have to keep one eye open tonight. I woke up this morning to find bear traps below my bed. Took the whole morning to get rid of them all." He laughed.Harry gave a small nod but remained quiet. Teddy pushed open one of the doors and Hermione ran from inside towards Harry, wrapping him in an enormous hug. "Oh, Harry! Are you all right? We overheard them talking about the Dementor attack. You must tell us everything!""Let him breathe, Hermione." Teddy grinned from the doorway."And this hearing at the Ministry. It's just outrageous. I've looked it up. They simply can't expel you. It's completely unfair." She continued.Harry's mood seemed to sour further. "Yeah. Well, there's a lot of that going round at the moment. So, what is this place?" He asked, looking around the room."It's headquarters, of the Order of the Phoenix." Teddy explained. "It's a secret society. Dumbledore formed it back when they fought... You-Know-Who. Cool place isn't it? A little dark though.""Well, I guess none of you could put this in a letter I suppose?" Harry interrupted. The three of them looked at each other. "I've gone all summer without a scrap of news!""Harry, I understand how you feel." Teddy said, reassuringly. "I only found out about the Order a few weeks ago, but apparently my dad's been coming in and out of here for months."Ron nodded. "We wanted to write, mate. Really, we did. Only...""Only what?" Harry was still fuming."Only Dumbledore made us swear not to tell you anything." Teddy mumbled.That seemed to fan Harry's flames. "Dumbledore said that? But why would he keep me in the dark? Maybe I could help. I'm the one who saw Voldemort return... the one who fought him, who saw Cedric Diggory get killed-""Hey guys, have you seen Ginny-" Someone new appeared the doorway, Harry's mouth dropped in astonishment. "Oh, hey Harry. When did you get here?""Arkie? Dumbledore wanted Arkie here but not me?"Arkie flashed an offended look and Teddy walked to her side. "Well, technically no. Arkie was supposed to visit Dad and I but then we came here. So, thanks to my amazing persuasive skills, and the tiniest bit of blackmail," He mumbled the last part. "I was able to convince Dad to let Arkie stay."There was loud crack! And behind Harry appeared two familiar faces. "It was amazing to watch." Fred said."We were so proud." George grinned. "Gave him a few tips we did.""Quite the looker too isn't he, George?""Oh, yes. And they're quite the couple too." George motioned to Arkie and Teddy, who were standing together in the doorway. "Drives me mad sometimes though, the constant sweet talk." Both of them blushed slightly.Suddenly the twins looked down at Harry as if only just realising he was there. "Harry!""Thought we heard your dulcet tone.""Don't bottle it up, though, mate. Let it out.""But, if you're all done shouting, you wanna hear something a little more interesting?" One of them asked, holding up a long string. Attached to each end was a flesh-coloured ear that twitched at every sound. Harry looked at it in both disgust and interest. "What's that?""This here is an extendable ear.""We bought a whole bunch of the of the holidays.""How about we see if we can get a few words from the meeting downstairs?" The twins rushed to the door but Hermione blocked their way."The last time your mother saw you with that thing-"Both George and Fred rolled their eyes. "Oh, relax. She'll never know." They both ran down the hall, with the others close behind. Soon they were all gathered around the top of the staircase as George lowered one end of the string towards the dining room door below.There was crackling before they heard faint voices. "If anyone has a right to know, it's Harry. If it wasn't for Harry... we wouldn't even know Voldemort was back." Sirius whispered. "He's not a child, Molly.""But he's not an adult either!" Mrs Weasley said. He's not James, Sirius."Sirius shot back a reply. "Well, he's not your son.""He's as good as. Who else has he got?""Hey guys." Ginny whispered, joining the group."Hey, Ginny." Harry whispered before continuing to listen."He's got me!" Sirius shouted."How touchingly paternal, Black. Perhaps Potter will grow up to be a felon, just like his godfather.""You stay out of this, Snivellus!""Snape's part of the Order?" Harry asked in surprise."He comes and goes, never stays for long though. Thank Merlin, if you ask me." Teddy replied before getting a shove from Arkie."That's not nice, Teddy."The extendable ear crackled slightly but continued to play the conversation below like a small speaker."...about your supposed reformation. I know better." Sirius warned and Teddy could imagine the two staring each other down."Sirius..." His father's voice warned."So why don't you tell him?" Snape jeered."Meow..."Teddy peered down the staircase. Crookshanks, Hermione's cat, was playing with the speaker which was humming and crackling like made."Get off!""Stop it Crookshanks! Stop!"They all whispered trying to get the flat faced cat to stop. There was a sharp snap and the cord connecting to the ear broke in two. "Damn it!""Bad Crookshanks!"

Chapter 2- Expectations -After the extendable ear incident the eight of them all went back to their rooms."Harry, I'm sorry we couldn't tell you about any of this.""It's fine, Teddy." Harry said, but Teddy could tell he was lying. "So where's your room?""It's at the very end of the hall, on the left. I share a room with Dad." Teddy explained."It must be nice, to be here with him."Teddy shook his head, glancing at Arkie who was talking with Ginny further down the hall. "No, really. Dad's been out a lot since we got here, says Dumbledore's given him a few recon missions to do. I barely see him anymore. And when he does come back... I don't know... I just get the feeling he's not telling me everything."Harry nodded. "I know the feeling."Mrs Weasley's voice drifted up from downstairs calling for them to come down."We'll be eating down in the kitchen."Crack!Fred and George appeared behind their mother who screamed in shock. "Oh! Just because you're allowed to use magic now does not mean you have to whip your wands out for everything!"She gave a angry sigh, turning to Harry. "You hungry, Harry?"Mr Weasley appeared beside her, smiling warmly at Harry. "You sure you're all right, Harry? Gave us quite a turn.""Harry Potter."The two Weasley's moved aside.Harry's face brightened as he ran forward, hugging his Godfather. "Sirius!" Sirius smiled at Teddy who grinned back."How are my two godchildren?""Same as always." Teddy sighed, his green eyes flicking up to his father who was standing behind Sirius. "What's for dinner?" He asked, taking a seat at the table across from Arkie and Hermione who seated on either side of Tonks. Teddy grinned as the witch, a metamorphugus - meaning she could change her appearance as well - jokingly transformed her nose into a pig's then slowly into a duck's bill.It was a trick she pulled every time she visited, and yet it never got old.On the other end of the table Mr Weasley was busy talking to Harry. "This is very, very peculiar. It seems your hearing in the Ministry is to be before the entire Wizengamot.""I don't understand. What has the Ministry of Magic got against me?"Everybody went silent."Show him." Moody growled. "He'll find out soon enough."Kingsley Shacklebolt, an Auror for the Ministry, grabbed a familiar issue of the Daily Prophet and handed it to Harry. 'The Boy Who Lies' written across the front page. 'Fudge says: "All Is Well"'."He's been attacking Dumbledore as well."Sirius sighed from the head of the table. "Fudge is using all his power, including his influence at the Daily Prophet to... smear anyone who claims the Dark Lord has returned.""Why?""He thinks Dumbledore's after his job." Remus said."What? But no one in their right mind could believe that-""Exactly the point. Fudge isn't in his right mind. It's been twisted and warped by fear." The tired man replied. "Now, fear makes people do terrible things, Harry. The last time Voldemort gained power... he almost destroyed everything we hold most dear." He glanced at Teddy beside him who was staring down at his plate quietly. "Now he's returned, and I'm afraid the minister will do almost anything... to avoid facing that terrifying truth.""We think Voldemort wants to build up his army again." Sirius said. "Fourteen years ago, he had huge numbers at his command. And not just witches and wizards, but all manner of dark creatures. He's been recruiting heavily, and we've been attempting to do the same. But gathering followers isn't the only thing he's interested in."Moody gave a short warning cough."We believe... Voldemort may be after something.""Sirius." Moody said, but Sirius ignored him, leaning forward in his chair."Something he didn't have last time.""You mean like a weapon?"The quiet was broken as Mrs Weasley, who' be cutting vegetables in the kitchen threw down her knife."No. That's enough. He's just a boy!"Sirius gave her an incredulous look."You say more, Sirius, and you might as well induct him into the Order.""Good!" Harry responded. "I want to join. If Voldemort's raising an army, then I want to fight."Teddy set down his cutlery. "We all do." Remus just stared at him, his expression unreadable.Arkie had been busy in the room she shared with Ginny, packing her suitcase. She was usually more prepared, but like everyone else she was too worried the day before about Harry's hearing. She'd been relieved when he'd come back, saying he was cleared of all charges. So relieved she'd forgotten to pack the night before they left for the train station. Downstairs she could hear Mrs Weasley hurrying her children. "Hurry up, we're leaving in twenty minutes and you having even started!"The Weasley family squabbles always entertained Arkie, though she would never admit it. But suddenly there was a shout that wasn't as comforting, and it wasn't from Mrs Weasley. Arkie recognised it immediately as Teddy's voice."What? But you promised you'd be there!""What's going on?" She asked, peeping her head out the door and noticing she wasn't the only one curious to hear what was going on in Teddy and Remus' room."Don't know." Ron said."Teddy I-" Remus said from inside their shared room.There was a series of loud stomping as if Teddy was pacing back and forth. "You've been here for what? Two days? And you're already leaving again- to do what?""I told you, Dumbledore wants me to... he expects me to-""To do what? Whatever it is, it can't be more important than spending time with your own son!""Teddy we're on the brink of war!" Remus angry tone was scary, and made the listening kids all feel incredibly uncomfortable. "I need to think about the greater good-"Arkie winced as Teddy shouted, outraged. "THE GREATER GOOD!?""I'm doing my best, Teddy.""Well 'your best' doesn't seem to cutting it! I thought moving in with you would mean I get to spend my time with my father! But I hardly ever see you anymore!""I don't have a choice, Teddy!""Yes, you do. You've always have a choice!""Teddy-" Remus' voice was desperate but Teddy stormed out of their room before he could finish his reply. Everyone either ran back into their rooms or pretended to be staring at the walls in interest.Teddy completely ignored them, racing up the stairs and out of sight. Arkie's eyes watched him go before glancing down the hall. Remus was standing outside his door before retreating back into the room. "I'll go talk to him." She said to the others."I'll finish packing your things." Ginny offered."Thanks, Ginny." Her footsteps were light and quick as she climbed up the staircase to find Teddy sitting alone in the attic on an old moth-eaten couch. "Teddy? Are you okay?" He didn't reply, just stared at the ceiling. Arkie joined him, wiping some of the dust before sitting down. "What happened?""He promised he'd be there... to see me off at the station. But now he claims Dumbledore has another mission for him, one that he has to leave for immediately. When he told me I just..." He sighed, watching the small dust particles float in the odd streams of sunlight. "I over reacted, didn't I?"Arkie looked down at her feet, fiddling with her index finger and thumb. "Yes... and no." She replied calmly. "I think there's two sides to every story.""Thanks." She smiled grimly at his sarcasm."What I mean to say is, I know how you must be feeling- even though I might not be able to relate to it. I understand that you feel left out, but he does love you Teddy.""I know that."She continued speaking quietly. "But I also think that your dad really is trying. These are hard times and I guess he..." She stopped as Teddy tiredly rested his head on her shoulder. She put her hand on his head, brushing her fingers through his fine hair. "Just, try to see things from his point of view. Okay?""Okay. Thanks. I mean it this time."She held him closely, stilling fiddling with his light brown hair. "You need a hair cut." She said and could feel him laughing in her arms.

Chapter 3- Returning To Hogwarts -Despite his father's absence, Teddy was still in a reasonably good mood as they walked through the muggle train station. Mad-Eye Moody and Tonks were walking behind him, on either side of Harry, like a protective barrier. Before they'd left Grimmauld Place, they had all been told to act casual, to not run off and to keep an eye out.So, he and Arkie walked beside each other, looking around at all the muggles going about their day to day business, unaware that a group of wizards were walking among them, heading for the wall that led to platform 9 3/4. He only glance behind him at the others when Moody let out a low growl. "Padfoot! Are you barking mad? You'll blow the entire operation."Teddy smiled at the shaggy black dog that was trotting beside Harry, happy to be out of Grimmauld Place for the first time in around six months. Padfoot trotted forward until he was next to Teddy. He gave a gruff bark glancing at the two of them and then walking into a small room. The two followed with Mad-Eye and Tonks taking their positions outside the door.The dog was soon replaced by a man who looked at the two brightly."Sirius, what are you doing here? If somebody sees you..." Harry said after closing the door behind them."I had to see my godsons off, didn't I?" He motioned to the bench and they all sat down. "What's life without a little risk?"Teddy smirked though tried to remain serious. "We just don't wanna see you get chucked back in Azkaban."Sirius waved his hand impatiently. "Don't worry about me. Anyway, I wanted you two to have this."He passed them both a small rectangular piece of paper, a photo. Teddy looked at it. "Is this?""The original Order of the Phoenix. Look, Teddy, there's your dad, at the front. Look at his hair."Teddy smiled. His dad looked younger in the photo, a little less tired and tense. He happy, standing beside his friends."Sirius looked over their shoulders, beginning to point at some of the people in the photo, most of which Teddy had never seen before. "Marlene McKinnon. She was killed two weeks after this was taken. Voldemort wiped out her entire family. And there's Frank and Alice Longbottom.""Neville's parents." Harry breathed. Teddy looked down at the witch and wizard. They seemed to happy. Nevilla looked like both of them. He had his father's face, but his mother's smile."They suffered a fate worse than death, you ask me." Sirius said sadly. "It's been 14 years. And still a day doesn't go by I don't miss your dad, Harry."James and Sirius had their arms on each others shoulders, grinning widely at the camera.Harry smile vanished. "Do you really think there's going to be a war, Sirius?"The dark haired man was hesitant to respond. "It feels like it did before.""Thank you for these." Teddy said, handing his back."Oh, no. You keep it. Anyway, I suppose you're the young ones now." There was an impatient knock at the door. "You'd best be off, don't want you to miss your train now, do we?" They both nodded, heading for the door. "Oh, and Teddy."Teddy turned around, his hand on the doorknob. "Your father wanted me to give you this." He hand him a small sheet of paper."What's this?""It's an address, in case you want to send him an owl. But Moony said not to write too often. The Ministry have eyes everywhere."Teddy pocked it and simply nodded. "Thanks Sir- Padfoot.""Take care."It was dark by the time the train pulled into the Hogwarts station. They'd taken a longer time to get their things and most of the students were already up at the castle. Teddy pulled his suitcase, rubbing his eyes tiredly as they trudged towards where the self-drawn carriages usually waited, then there was an all too familiar snicker."I'm surprised the Ministry's still letting you walk around free, Potter." Malfoy said, standing between Crabbe and Goyle. "Better enjoy it while you can. I expect there's a cell in Azkaban with your name on it."Harry made a go at Malfoy but both Teddy and Ron pulled him back by his arms. Malfoy flinched, walking away quickly. "What'd I tell you? Complete nutter."Harry was fuming. "Just stay away from me!""It's only Malfoy." Teddy let go of Harry grabbing his suitcase again and glanced down at his hand which Arkie was holding. "What'd you expect?" He sighed, remembering during the Yule Ball when he'd tried to 'steal' Arkie, so to speak."Hi guys." Neville says, holding a strange cactus-like planet covered in black boils and twitched slowly from left to right."Hey, Neville." They all said together.Teddy noticed Harry staring at one of the carriages that'd begun to roll away from the station. In the carriage was Cho Chang. Teddy turned around at the sound of hoof beats and came face to face with a black horse. No, it wasn't a horse. The horse reminded him of one, yet it was so thin it looked like a skeleton. Its completely white eyes stared forward, its leathery black wings fluttered slightly.The creature, whatever it was, was pulling one of the school carriages."What is it?" Harry asked, having notice the creature too."What's what?" Hermione asked, looking around."That. Pulling the carriage." Teddy pointed."Nothing's pulling the carriage, Teddy. t's pulling itself, like always."Teddy glanced at Harry who looked just as confused as he felt. Were they pranking them? Slowly he moved around the carriage. Sitting inside was a familiar face, hidden behind an upside down version of the Quibbler. "You're not going mad." She said, dreamily. "I can see them too. You're just as sane as I am."Teddy gave a small breath of laughter, taking a seat on the carriage. "Everyone, this is Luna Lovegood. She's in Ravenclaw with me." There was an awkward silence as they waited for the carriage to start moving."What an interesting necklace." Arkie said, looking at the string around Luna's neck, on the string was a bottle cork.She fiddled with it absentmindedly. "It's a charm, actually. Keeps away the Nargles." She paused looking around. "Hungry? I hope there's pudding."The creature, that Teddy hadn't stopped looking at, finally began pulling the carriage up the dirt path towards Hogwarts. As they were moving Teddy heard Hermione and Ron whispering beside him. "What's a Nargle?""No idea."

Hope you enjoy the book!Just so you know I'll be taking inspiration from both the movie and book. Because there are just some scenes that I wish had been included in the movie.Chapter 4- Ministry at Hogwarts -Arkie let out a sigh beside Teddy. "So good to be back." He grinned, looking around the familiar corridor where the paintings were welcoming back each at every student as they all headed to the Great Hall. As usual Teddy said goodbye to his friends and went to sit at the Ravenclaw table, next to Luna. Arkie walked to sit opposite him at the Hufflepuff table, when she was called over by her friends. She glanced at Teddy and he gave her an encouraging nod.Hesitantly, she went to join them. The sorting ceremony passed quickly and soon they were all digging into the feast that appeared before them. Teddy loaded his plate with delicious steaming pasta. "Oh, sorry." He said, when his elbow accidentally knocked into a sixth year's."It's fine." He said and Teddy returned to his plate, then paused. He looked back at the sixth year, who was casually sitting right next to him. He glanced to his left, to find another Ravenclaw at his side. People were sitting near him! He continued looking left to right, as usual there were kids whispering. But as he listened in, he realized they weren't talking about him."Little liar if you ask me. Have you read the Daily Prophet?""I have. Can you believe it? The Dark Lord's returned, as if.""Potter's lost his mind."Teddy leaned back, glancing over his shoulder towards the Gryffindor table. Harry was sitting beside Ron, but there was a large gap between him and Seamus who was constantly glancing at him. Teddy returned to looking back at his plate, and then at the people sitting beside him. They paid no attention to him, but they were sitting there!It was weird and felt almost unnatural.Later, when all the students had finished their seconds, the dinner dissipated and was replaced by wondrous deserts. Luna dug straight into the chocolate pudding whilst Teddy took a bite out of a custard-filled eclair, his favourite desert."Good evening, children." Dumbledore began. "Now, we have two changes in staffing this year. We're pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank... who'll be taking Care of Magical Creatures while Professor Hagrid is on temporary leave.""Temporary leave?" Teddy muttered his mouth still full of eclair."We also wish to welcome our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Dolores Umbridge." He motioned to a short toad-like woman sitting beside Professor Snape, dressed in a bright pink cardigan and skirt, along with a matching beret that sat upon her dark curled hair. She was smiling sweetly, her dark eyes twinkling in the candle light. Teddy instantly got a bad feeling. Maybe it was the way she sat, her hands resting gently on her lap, her back straight and poised and her head held high."I'm sure you'll all join me in wishing the Professor, good luck. Now, as usual, our caretaker, Mr. Filch, has asked me to remind you..."He was cut off by a very high pitched, "hem hem". Dumbledore turned around in surprise and the students whispering ceased. Professor Umbridge had stood up and was walking towards the front of the teachers' table. That's when Teddy recognised her. He'd seen her in the Daily Prophet. "Doesn't she work for Fudge?" He asked Luna."Thank you, headmaster, for those kind words of welcome." Her voice was girly and sweet, too sweet. "And how lovely to see all your bright... happy faces smiling up at me."No one was smiling."I'm sure we're all going to be very good friends." She said, emphasising the word 'very'.'Yeah, right.' Teddy thought, rolling his eyes.There was an air around that woman that didn't seem to agree with him. He took another bite of his pastry. Umbridge continued, looking at each student like they were five. "The Ministry of Magic has always considered the education of young witches and wizards to be of vital importance. Although each Headmaster has brought something new to this historic school," she glanced at Dumbledore who gave a polite nod. "Progress for the sake of progress must be discouraged."Teddy raised his head at this. "What'd she just say?'He wasn't the only one that looked confused, students had begun to whisper among each other. Umbridge barely noticed. "Let us preserve what must be preserved... perfect what can be perfected... and prune practices that ought to be prohibited." She said, as if she was talking to a bunch kindergartners. Everyone was still confused, befuddled, and slightly offended. The applause that followed afterwards was slow and half-hearted.Professor Umbridge gave a small giggle, taking her seat again. Dumbledore shook his head before looking out at the students again. "Thank you, Professor Umbridge. That really was most illuminating."'That's one word for it.' Teddy looked at Umbridge who was still watching each and every student. When her gaze passed over him she continued staring in his direction. Her eyes, darkening, yet she continued to smile sweetly and innocently."What do you think that was all about?" Teddy asked Arkie as they left the hall."I don't know, but it can't be good.""I recognised her, from the Daily Prophet. She works for Fudge."Arkie paused before speaking again. "Then it's defiantly not good."

Chapter 5- Extremely Dangerous Half-breeds -Teddy took a seat at the back of the Dark Arts classroom. Closer to the front, two girls had folded a sheet of parchment into an origami bird that was soaring around the classroom. Everyone was watching it as it fluttered over the heads of the students."Go on, Seamus. Go on, get it!"Playfully, Seamus stood up and hit the bird with his hand. The bird swerved, flying around the ceiling. One of the Slytherin boys fired a ball of parchment at it, chuckling as it struck the bird's wing. But, despite being hit, the bird continued to fly above them until-Zap!The bird had burst into flames and fell onto the girls desk. "Good morning, children." Came a sickly sweet voice from the back of the classroom. All the students turned around. Professor Umbridge gave a little giggle, raising her wand again and begun to write words on the black board."Ordinary Wizarding Level examinations. O-W-Ls." She said, spelling out the word as if they couldn't read it themselves. "More commonly known as OWLs." She stood at the front of the class, her wide mouth covered in hot pink lipstick. "Study hard and you will be rewarded. Fail to do so, and the consequences may be severe." She gave a short giggle.Teddy rubbed his temples with his fingers, thinking over and over in his head. 'This is going to be a long double period.'She flicked her wand to a pile of books on her desk. The books floated in the air, landing on each students desk with a thump! Teddy looked at the book. The cover looked like one from a child's bed time story. On it, was a cartoon of a young witch and wizard, standing around a large bubbling pot, a black cat lying at their feet. "Basics for beginners?" He read aloud."Quiet!" He nearly jumped out of his skin, the book slipping from his hands and falling open on the ground. The Professor was staring at him, along with the rest of the class. "I will not take that kind of tone in my class! You will not speak unless you are spoken to, understand?" She ordered, shrilly. Teddy, still shocked, nodded quickly, reaching down for his book and sitting up straight. Umbridge gave a satisfied smile."Your previous instruction in this subject has been disturbingly uneven. But you'll be pleased to know, from now on you will be following a carefully structured, Ministry-approved course of defensive magic. Yes?" She said to Hermione, who had raised her hand."There's nothing in here about using defensive spells?"Teddy looked down at his book, flipping through the pages. She was right. It was all theory, and basic theory at that. "Using spells? Well, I can't imagine why you would need to use spells in my classroom.""We're not gonna use magic?" Ron said in disbelief."You'll be learning about defensive spells in a secure, risk-free way."Harry let out a loud scoff from beside Ron. "What use is that? If we're going to be attacked, it won't be risk-free-""Students will raise their hands when they speak in my class." Umbridge snapped. There was a pause. "It is the view of the Ministry... that a theoretical knowledge will be sufficient to get you through your examinations, which, after all, is what school is all about.""And how's theory supposed to prepare us for what's out there?" Harry exclaimed."There is nothing out there, dear." She said kindly. "Who do you imagine wants to attack children like yourself?"Teddy shut his eyes, knowing exactly what Harry's answer would be. "Oh, I don't know. Maybe... Lord Voldemort."The classroom became so quiet you could hear a bird chirping all the way from the Dark Forest. Professor Umbridge's cheek twitched. "Now, let me make this quite plain." Her voice was soft, yet increasingly annoying. "You have been told, that a certain dark wizard is at large once again. This is a lie."Harry shuffled in his seat violently. "It's not a lie! I saw him. I fought him!""Detention, Mr. Potter." She spun around walking back to her desk."So, according to you Cedric Diggory dropped dead of his own accord?""Cedric Diggory's death was a tragic accident.""It was murder! Voldemort killed him-""Enough!" Teddy winced at her shrill voice. "See me later, Mr. Potter. My office. Now, all of you, begin reading chapter one of your books." Teddy flipped open the cover of his book, glancing up at Harry who hadn't even touched his book. "Yes, Mr-?""Thomas, Dean Thomas." Dean said, his hand raised."Well, Mr Thomas?""Well... in our OWLs, we're supposed to be able to perform certain spells, but if we're just doing theory...""The Ministry believes, that if you study hard and obediantly, without question, then you should be able to perform them easily."One of the girl's, whose origami bird had been burnt by the Professor earlier, eyebrows lifted. "So, we're not going to practice the spells before the exam?""That is correct, Miss?""Patil.""Well, Miss Patil, I can understand why you are so worried. After all you have been exposed to some very irresponsible and unqualified teachers in this class, very irresponsible indeed- not to mention." She did her annoying giggle again, "extremely dangerous half-breeds."There was a loud bang from the back of the classroom. Everyone spun around in their seats. Teddy's fist was digging so sharply into his desk, his knuckles had turned white. His green eyes were furious and he bared his teeth at the Professor, who had completely ignored him. No one dared say a word. "My father was one of the best Dark Arts professor's we ever had-""What did I say earlier, Mr Lupin? Sit down, Mr Lupin!" She said sternly to the tall boy who'd stood up so violently his seat had been knocked over. Everyone, except Harry, looked scared."This class was perfectly safe when my dad was teaching. Dumbledore believed that-""Dumbledore believed that a dangerous, out of control, Werewolf could teach a class. He put you all in danger countless times, as he is doing so now with you.""What's that supposed to mean?""I know all about your late night wanderings, as well as how you not only attacked your potions professor, but your own friends during a full moon," she said with a small, over-the-top gasp, "alongside your father." Teddy's face went red."No!" He couldn't find the right words. "I would never- It wasn't either of our faults that-""Quiet, Half-breed!" She spat, forcing Teddy to flinch, but remain standing. His nails digging into the sides of the desk. "Now... sit!" She ordered, like he was her pet, awaiting her command.The whole class was holding their breath, waiting for Teddy to explode. And he finally did. "You- you can't speak to me like that! You don't know the first thing about my father, or me-"Teddy suddenly fell over, landing on the ground. "When I say sit," she said with a coolly, her wand extended in Teddy's direction. "You. Sit."He stood up, clutching his wrist uncomfortably. "I think it may be best, if you joined Mr Potter for detention. Now... do I need to ask you again?"Not meeting her eyes, Teddy glared down at his desk, propping up his chair with his good hand and taking his seat."Very good. That's better, isn't it?"He didn't respond.

Chapter 6- Etched in Blood -"There you go, just a sprain." Madam Pomfrey fiddled with the elastic splint she'd just conjured around Teddy's wrist. "Just make sure to keep that splint on for at least a week.""Thank you, Madam Pomfrey." He said, tugging down the sleeve of his robs, covering the splint. "Lucky it wasn't my writing hand, right?" The nurse smirked for a second."Well, I've seen you look worse. So I'm sure you'll be fine."He walked out of the Hospital Wing and down the moving stairs. Half way down he heard someone call out his name. Arkie climbed up the steps towards him. "Teddy, is it true? You and Harry yelled at Professor Umbridge."This was the part Teddy had been dreading, telling Arkie. "Yeah.""Oh, Teddy." She sighed. "Why? What in that teenage brain of yours thought it was a good idea to yell at your Dark Arts professor- is that a splint?"He tucked his hand behind his back, ignoring her last question. "You obviously haven't sat through one of her classes yet.""Teddy-" she grabbed his wrist and he winced. Gently she pulled back the sleeve. "How'd you get this?""Well," he tugged his sleeve down again. "She cast a spell, knocked me over, and I sprained my wrist.""She what?""Oh, and get this. That was after she, called me a half-breed, called Dad a dangerous half-breed, told me to sit down, like some dog, and she's not even letting us do magic this year!" He said, counting with his fingers. "So, yeah I yelled at her?" He spat and Arkie flinched."Don't get angry at me, Tedson! I was only asking."His blinked, looking Arkie in the eye. "Sorry. I... I'm just, not in a good mood.""It's okay, I understand. I can't believe she did all that, called you and your dad half-breeds... and what's this about not letting us use magic?""I know right. It's crazy!""But OWLs are coming up. I can't believe the Ministry! I mean, OWLs are probably the most important exam we'll ever have, they affect what job you'll have once you graduate." She huffed, heading towards the Great Hall, but noticing Teddy stopped. "Aren't you coming?""No. Harry and I have detention with Umbridge."She walked back to him, putting her hand in his. "Try not to make things worse. Do you want me to wait for you outside?""It's okay. You go to the Great Hall, I'll join you soon." She nodded and walked off, her hand and his growing more and more distant."Hey, Harry.""Hi, Ted.""You ready?""Not really."Knock. Knock."Come in." A sweet voice came from inside Professor Umbridge's office. Harry pushed open the door. "I'll take you first Mr Potter, you can wait outside." Teddy insides twisted at how she didn't refer to him by either his first or last name. But instead of saying anything, he nodded and sat in one of the classroom desks. The door shut behind Harry and five minutes later he walked out, looking pale. Teddy sat up straight, his eyes asking what had happened?But before Harry could speak the Professor was calling out in a sing-song voice. "You next. Come in."There was a creak as he stood up and trudged into her office. His eyes stung at what he saw. Over the five years of being at Hogwarts, Teddy had seen the office change multiple times.In his first year, Professor Quirrell had decorated his office with African tribal masks, charts, animal horns, skulls and teeth, a telescope and lots of turban and cushions that were spread out across the floor. Professor Lockhart had plastered his walls with hundreds of pictures of himself, a large bottle of lilac ink and a peacock feather were placed next to a large stack of photo's he'd yet to sign.His father, Professor Lupin's, office had been filled with bookcases containing books on all kinds of subjects, most of which could be found in their small, over-stacked library in Hogsmeade. A comfortable leather chair had been placed behind his neat desk, on which a bar of chocolate had always laid. In the corner had been a large fish bowl, inside which, for a week, had been a live Grindylow. The thought of the office once belonging to his father hurt. It was a distant, sweet memory now.Next, Professor Moody, or otherwise known as Barty Crouch Jr, had packed his office with strange and dark instruments and artefacts, as well as a huge chest which the real Mad-Eye Moody had been trapped in.Now the office was beyond recognition and took Teddy by surprise. The stone walls were a soft pink and covered in china plates which had pictures of moving kittens on them. The Professor's table was draped in lace and dark velvet curtains hung by the windows. The bookcases weren't filled with books, but expensive china tea sets. A little desk had been set up beside the Professor's, on it was a long sheet of parchment and a black quill.Teddy began to wonder if it was possible to throw up inside your own body, if not he should go probably back to Madam Pomfrey."Sit." She hummed, sitting at her desk, a cup of tea in her manicure hands. Teddy forced himself down onto the stool. "Like Mr Potter, you'll be doing lines for me."She motioned to the black quill. He steadily picked it up, looking around for an ink bottle."You won't need any ink." She explained."What do you want me to write?" He asked."You will be writing, 'I must not yell at my superiors'."Teddy remembered what Arkie had said earlier, 'try not to make things worse'. Those words, and the memory of her concerned face, were the only things stopping him from storming out of the office."How many times?" He asked."Five, please."Teddy's eyes wandered down to the piece of parchment. Already written on it, were the words, 'I must not tell lies', in Harry's handwriting. He'd only written it once.'How come I have to write it five times?' He would've yelled, but instead pressed his lips together. Five times. That was it. After that he was free to go. He just had to keep his mouth shut. He glanced up. The Professor was still watching him, smiling sweetly. The black quill scratched against the dry parchment.I. Must. Not. Yell. At. My. Superiors'.He wrote out each word quickly, not bothering to use his normal neat handwriting. His hand, which was covered in the splint, had begun to itch uncomfortable with each word he wrote. He sniffed in discomfort but didn't think anything about it, until the itch began to hurt. For a second her dropped the quill and scratch at it, but it didn't help. So he continued writing.By the time he had written 'I must not yell at my superiors' again he was baring his teeth in pain. His eyes glanced up at the Professor's, which were shiny brightly. Once he begun writing a third time, his nails were digging into the wood of the table.His hand felt like it was on fire, it hadn't hurt like this before. It was no longer just an itch. He let out a small gasp as he finish the fourth line of writing and the pain had become unbearable. His back stiffened when he saw something red staining the elastic splint. Slowly he peeled it back, revealing the blood-smudged words, 'I must not yell at my superiors' carved into his hand."Is something wrong?" He looked up, his green eyes wide. He shut his mouth. "One more line please."He felt sick to the stomach as he forced his shaking hand to pick up the coal black quill again. The sound of the quill on parchment was slower. He refused to make a sound, or meet Umbridge's eyes once he'd finished his last line. There was the sound of Umbridge standing up, and her heels clipping against the hard floor.Fingers forced his chin up, so his tear filled eyes meet the shining ones of the devil that was his Dark Arts professor. "Maybe now, you will remember your place. And that you'll never be one of us."He stood up, backing away from her, not waiting to be excused and running out of the office.

Chapter 7- Thestrals -Arkie watched as Harry joined his friends on the Gryffindor table, yet there was no sign of Teddy. She began to worry and scraping her food left and right with a fork. "Where is he?""Where's who?" One of her friends asked. "Arks, it's not good to play with your food.""Teddy. He was given a detention with Harry, who just came back. But I don't see him." Her eyes once again searched the entrance and the Ravenclaw table. "I'm worried-" Her friend gave a fed up sigh and Arkie looked at her weirdly. "What?""Well, I just don't get it.""Don't get what?"Now the rest of her friends were watching. "Why you decided to date that guy, that is what you're doing, right? Dating?""Yes, we're dating. So what?""So what? I mean... come on Arkie. You're the Chaser for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, one of the greatest duellers in the school and an 'A' plus student. What's he, an average student, doesn't take part in any extracurricular and is a Werewolf for Pete's sake." She whispered the last part."Part Werewolf, technically." She said, cutting into her chicken, but not planning on each it."I'm just saying, you can do better.""Better?" She putted down her cutlery. "Teddy is the sweetest, kindest person I've ever met. He's not afraid to be himself, and I admire that. And I'm sorry if you all have a problem with that, but I'd prefer it if you could just be happy for me." She watched as they all ducked their heads shamefully. Suddenly, she caught sight of Teddy, walking through the Great Hall towards his table.She waved, but he didn't even meet her eyes. "Yeah, sweet isn't he?" She glared at her friend."Something's wrong, that's all. Must be Professor Umbridge." She stood up walking over to Teddy, who, even when she was sitting right next to him, didn't looked at her. He didn't even fill his plate, which was weird as she had always said he had a wolfish appetite. "Teddy, are you alright?" She asked, already knowing the answer.He nodded."Teddy, please don't lie to me... My God, Teddy." She gasped as he met her eyes. His face and hair were damp, like he had splashed his face with water, his eyes were red from crying and his lips were pursed together. People were looking at them, which she could tell made him feel even worse. He friends were whispering among each other. "Come on, let's get out of here."The two retreated out of the hall. "Teddy, tell me what happened. Did she say something?""No... well, yeah."She huffed. "I knew it! What'd she say this time, cause I swear-""Arkie, I don't wanna talk about it."Arkie's eyes slid down his hands which were still tucked weirdly into his robes. "What's wrong with your hand?""Huh? Nothing, nothing's wrong."She held out her palm and Teddy eventually putting his splinted hand in it. Arkie took one look at the blood and gently pulled off the splint, her eyes widening. "Did this happen to Harry too?""I don't know, I didn't get a chance to ask.""You have to tell Dumbledore.""No!" he pulled his hand back. "Dumbledore's got enough going on with the... the Order.""But Teddy, this is cruel."Teddy didn't reply, just pulled his sleeve down further. Arkie let out a sigh, looking Teddy in the eyes. "If you're not going to tell Dumbledore, then at least tell your father." He glanced up. "I know you two have had some... difficulties for the past few weeks. But I'm sure he'd want to hear about this."Hesitantly, he nodded and Arkie hugged him. "I'll write to him in the morning."Teddy tapped his quill to the bit of parchment, around him owls flew in and out of the Owlery. His hand was still tender after his detention with Umbridge. He made a low trilling sound with his lips, unsure of what to write.Dear Moony,Hope everything's going well.It's starting get cold here at Hogwarts...He paused, twirling the feather between his thumb and index finger.Crunch!He scrunched the parchment up in his fist and putting it in his pocket, running his fingers through his hair. "Teddy?" he spun around."Oh, Harry. What are you doing here?""I was about to send a letter to Padfoot. What about you?" He asked, handing the envelope to Hedwig."Just... looking at the view." He lied, peering over the railing. "When do you think Hagrid will be back?" Staring at the empty groundskeeper's cottage then at the Dark Forest, as if expecting Hagrid to finally walk out of it with some strange and dangerous creature ambling behind him."Don't know.""Do you think he's doing stuff for the Order?""I think so."Suddenly there was an weird cry. "Look." Teddy pointed to the sky. A black horse-like creature, the same one that'd been pulling the Hogwarts carriages, was soaring down into the trees. Teddy was once again relieved to know that Harry could see them too. Soon the two boys were running into the forest, looking around for the creature. "Luna?"The familiar light-haired girl was standing bare foot, in front of one of the creatures, stroking it gently. It cooed gratefully at her touch."Hello, Harry Potter. Hello, Teddy Lupin." She greeted them individually."Your feet. Aren't they cold?" Teddy asked, standing beside her and looking wearily at the creature.She shrugged. "A bit. Unfortunately, all my shoes have mysteriously disappeared. I suspect Nargles are behind it""What are they?" Harry asked."They're called Thestrals. They're quite gentle, really, but people avoid them because they're a bit..."Harry finished her sentence. "Different." The Thestral snorted, trotting over to join the rest of its herd. As it walked it stretched out his wings, giving the same soothing cry they'd heard from the Owlery. It reminded Teddy of a whale, its voice echoing like it was underwater.Suddenly, a young Thestral walked unbalanced. It let out a shrill bird-like chirp. "Why can't the others see them?""They can only be seen by people who've seen death."Teddy's memory flashed to the night he'd witnessed Barty Crouch's murder. "So you've known someone who's died, then?" He said, watching the young Threstral."My mum." Luna nodded. "She was quite an extraordinary witch, but she did like to experiment... and one day, one of her spells went badly wrong. I was nine.""I'm sorry.""Yes, it was rather horrible. I do feel very sad about it sometimes, but I've got Dad." From her satchel she pulled out a large red apple. "We both believe you, by the way, Harry." She turned towards him. "That He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back, and you fought him, and the Ministry and the Prophet are conspiring against you.""Thanks. It seems you're about the only ones that do.""I don't think that's true." She rolled that apple to the Threstral who sniffed it curiously, pecked it once and looked back up at her with its completely white eyes. "But I suppose that's how he wants you to feel."Teddy froze as he felt something nibble at his sleeve. A large Threstral was sniffing him. Cautiously he held out his hand and patted it softly on its forehead. It let out a low coo."What do you mean?" Harry asked from beside Luna."Well, if I were You-Know-Who... I'd want you to feel cut off from everyone else... because if it's just you alone... you're not as much of a threat."He watched as she threw a piece of meat and the young Threstral gobbled it up hungrily.

Chapter 8- High Inquisitor of Hogwarts -"Do you ever stop eating?" Hermione gasped at Ron, who appeared to be trying to shovel as much food in his face as possible. Teddy smiled, shaking his head and looking back down at his textbook."Planning on joining competitive eating are we?" He smirked as Ron smeared his egg on a sausage, squishing it between two slices of toast and stuffing it all in his mouth."I'm just hungry." Ron muffled.Weeks had passed and Teddy had soon come to dread Dark Arts classes. Umbridge was yet to teach them any real spells and was constantly on the look out for those stepping out line. Which was usually himself and Harry. The scar on his hand had depended but he paid no attention to it. "Why isn't Arkie sitting with us?" Hermione said, noticing Arkie hidden among her friends.Teddy lowered his eyes. "We had a fight.""Wha? Wha abowt?" Ron asked, his mouth full again."I didn't tell her I was still getting detentions from Umbridge. She found out and... she thinks I should say something-""You should! Both you and Harry should!" Hermione burst out."Harry and I agree that Dumbledore has far more important things on his mind.""Well, what about your dad?"He shook his head in dismay. "That's another reason why she's angry at me. I've told her I've been writing to Dad but...""But let me guess, you haven't."He shook his head again. "I don't know if I should write to him, considering how we left things. I was thinking or just waiting till the holidays. But, she called me a coward and now she won't talk to me." He glanced at Arkie, who deliberately had her back turned to him. "I mean, ever since my first detention with Umbridge I... Maybe I am being cowardly. I just don't know what I'd write.""Hey guys," Harry stood next to them. "Can I join you?"Teddy nodded, opening his mouth to reply but was interrupted by loud shouting outside the hall. All the students rushed to the entrance. McGonagall and Umbridge standing on the staircase, glaring at each other."Pardon me, professor, but what exactly are you insinuating?" Umbridge asked, the sweet tone in her voice gone.Professor McGonagall's eyes narrowed. "I am merely requesting that when it comes to my students you conform to the prescribed disciplinary practices."She giggled. "So silly of me, but it sounds as if you're questioning my authority in my own classroom... Minerva." She walked up one step, so she was towering over her."Not at all, Dolores," McGonagall as took another step. "Merely your medieval methods." Teddy felt a wave a satisfaction wash over him."I am sorry, dear. But to question my practices is to question the Ministry and by extension, the Minister himself. I am a tolerant woman... but the one thing I will not stand for is disloyalty."McGonagall looked taken aback and stepped down. "Disloyalty." She murmured.Umbridge faced the students and staff who had gathered at the base of the stairs. "Things at Hogwarts are far worse than I feared. Cornelius will want to take immediate action.""I don't like the sound of that." Teddy whispered.Bang! Bang! Bang!Later that day students were gathered outside the Great Hall, watching as Flich mounted an extremely tall ladder and hung up the first of a series of weird portrait shaped boxes. Teddy squinted his eyes at the portrait, which was so high up he could barely see it. Inside was an official-looking sheet of paper.ProclamationEducational Decree No. 23Dolores Jane Umbridgehas been appointed tothe post ofHogwartsHighInquisitorHe cocked his head in confusion, before walking into the Great Hall for breakfast. The others were already waiting for him. "Did you see the-"They passed him the lastest issue of the Daily Prophet. A picture of the smiling Professor Umbridge was across the front page.When we ask the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge, for the inside scoop on his plans for the future of education, he had this to say: 'Having already revolutionized the teaching of Defense Against the Dark Arts, Dolores Umbridge will, as high inquisitor, have powers to address the seriously falling standards at Hogwarts School.'"I don't believe it." He said after opening and closing his mouth several times."The Ministry's attempting to take over the whole school." Hermione sighed. "And apparently Umbridge is going to question each teacher.""What for?""To see if they're 'up to standards' with modern day teaching." She rolled her eyes.Teddy looked back down at the newspaper, reading some of the other headlines.'Parents Endorse Ministry Move''Minster Fudge Puts Education In The Front Line''Dumbledore; Daft or Dangerous?'For the rest of the day, Teddy went from class to class, each one Professor Umbridge had taken part in. Everytime she was walk around, clipboard in hand, asking the teacher's and students questions and occasionally giving rather rude comments. Teddy noticed each teacher reacted differently to the toad-like woman's presence in their classroom. McGonagall had completely ignored her, Professor Sprout kept giving her sideways glances, Professor Grubby-Plank, who was still standing in for Hagrid, who was annoyed at Umbridge, who kept asking if she knew where Hagrid might be returning and if she knew where he was.Snape went rigid and seemed to be in a fouler mood than usual, slapping Teddy on the back of the head when he mixed up his ingredients and giving him extra homework. Both to which, unsurprisingly, Umbridge turned a blind eye to. "You applied first for the Defense Against the Dark Arts post, is that correct?" She asked sweetly, circling him like a pink, fluffy tiger.Snape was hesitant to repond. "Yes.""But you were unsuccessful?""Obviously." Both Teddy and Ron broke into silent giggles, which were soon met by a second slap on the head.Professor Trelawney seemed incredibly on edge during her Divination class. "To reach into the beyond you must-""Hem, hem." The Divination teacher turned around in surprise. "Just one question, dear. You've been in this post how long, exactly?""Well... I- I" Umbridge began to write on her clipboard, which a lot of students were attempting to read. "I've been teaching for sixteen years.""Could you please predict something for me?"Trelawney's huge eyes grew twice their abnormal size. "I'm sorry?"Umbridge stuck out her bottom lip. "One teensy little prophecy?"She hesitated before closing her eyes, trying her hardest to predict something. She tried so hard that it looked like she needed to go to the bathroom. Teddy would usually laugh at this, but instead he just stared between the two women. "Pity." Professor Umbridge sighed, scribbling again on her clipboard."No, wait!" She yelled in panic. "Wait, no. I think I do see something. Yes, I do. Something dark." She held her hand out in her usual melodramatic fashion, only it was quivering with fear. "You are in grave danger."Umbridge smiled, unconvinced. "Lovely." With a small giggle she left the classroom. Trelawney stood there, her legs wobbling. No one knew what to say."That didn't go well." Ron whispered and Teddy nodded. When the class was dismissed the four of them stood in the hall talking. Suddenly, the familiar pink witch glided down the corridor, flicking her short wand at a couple who were snogging on a bench, then towards a group of lousy dressed boys, tightening their ties and tucking in their shirts. They all gave her soar looks in return.Teddy's gaze darkened as she passed, the healed cut on his hand burning, as if sensing her presence. "This is insane, I mean, did you see the look on Trelawney's face." He said, empathically. He'd never shown much kindness to the Professor, who he considered to be a fraud. Every time he came to her class she would predict that one full moon he would lose control forever. Occasionally she would shake it up, and instead say he was going to die soon.The only two girls, Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, actually believed her and had taken to avoiding Teddy at all costs. They wandered out into their court yard, where Fred and George were throwing a sparkling ball up into the air, catching it and throwing it between each other. Students were watching and giggling with excitement until-Zip!The ball was sucked into Umbridge's wand. She smirked, then sauntered off. Students groaned.

Chapter 9- Lies -"What's going on?" Teddy asked. Students were running into the courtyard all at once."It's Professor Trelawney." He spun around, surprised to see Arkie walking beside him. It'd been the first time she'd talked to him in weeks. There was no time to talk though as they were both pushed along with the crowd. Teddy could just see over the heads of his class mates. A high pitched whimper escaped the Professor's lips as Filch carried the last of her luggage to her.The doors opened and Professor Umbridge trotted out, dressed in her usual pink attire, except she had a pink checker coat on and a large red velvet bow in her hair."Sixteen years I've lived and taught here. Hogwarts is my home." Trelawney moaned. "Y-you can't do this."There was no pity in Umbridge's eyes as she held up a scroll of parchment. "Actually, I can." Teddy was shoved to the side as Professor McGonagall made her way to soothe Professor Trelawney who was blowing her nose in her handkerchief. "Something you'd like to say?" Umbridge asked."Oh, there are several things I would like to say." Her voice was wavering too.Bang!The doors to the school opened again, threateningly, and Dumbledore came sauntering out. "Professor McGonagall, might I ask you to escort Sybil back inside?""Sybil, dear. This way." McGonagall said gently."Thank you." She whispered in a croaky voice over and over again, shaking the Headmaster's hand as she shuffled by. "Thank you, thank you."Umbridge puffed out her chest. "Dumbledore, may I remind you that under the terms.. of Educational Decree Number-""You have the right to dismiss my teachers." He interrupted, surprising the Professor. It annoyed Teddy how used to power she had gotten. The wall outside the Great Hall was now covered in small framed Ministry decree's.'No Music is to be played during study hours.''All Weasley products will be banned immediately.''Proper dress and decorum is to be maintained at all times.'They were all petty things, but each one of them gave the new 'High Inquisitor' more and more control over the school and its staff and students. Dumbledore stared down the offended Umbridge with a stone gaze. "You do not, however, have the authority to banish them from the grounds. That power remains with the Headmaster.""For now." There was a sourness behind the sweet tone in her voice.Dumbledore turned around, walking back to the castle. "Don't you all have studying to do?" As if on cue, all the students rushed back into the school. Teddy looked to his side where Arkie had been, but she was gone. "Teddy!" Hermione and Ron were motioning to him.Teddy made his way across the Courtyard, in which Umbridge was still standing. She watched him pass, her dark eyes lit up in loathing. His heart raced but he simply glared back, running towards his friends and walking out of her view. As usual they let him into the Gryffindor common room and Harry soon joined them. Soon they were by themselves."That foul, evil, old gargoyle." Hermione ranted, passing back and forth in front of the fire. "We're not learning how to defend ourselves. We're not learning how to pass our OWLs. She's taking over the entire school."The radio beside them crackled and Fudge's voice blared out. "Security has been and will remain the Ministry's top priority. Furthermore, we have convincing evidence that these disappearances are the work of notorious mass murderer Sirius Black.""Harry!" Teddy jumped, a face had appeared among the flames of the fire place."Sirius." They all gathered round the hearth. "What are you doing here?""Answering your letter. You said you were worried about Umbridge. What's she doing? Training you to kill half-breeds?"Ron groaned. "Ha! We wish- sorry." He apologized to Teddy, who had shot him a killing glare."Sirius, she's not letting us use magic at all." Harry explained."Well, I'm not surprised." Sirius sighed. "The latest intelligence is that Fudge doesn't want you trained in combat.""Combat?"Ron leaned forward in his armchair. "What does he think, we're forming some sort of wizard army?""That's exactly what he thinks. That Dumbledore is assembling his own forces to take on the Ministry. He's becoming more paranoid by the minute." Sirius looked left and right, as if checking nobody was around. "The others wouldn't want me telling you this... but things aren't going at all well with the Order."Teddy turned pale."Fudge is blocking the truth at every turn... and these disappearances are just how it started before. Voldemort is on the move. We've been trying to get followers, Moody's acquired a few more Aurors, but it hasn't been easy. Remus was badly hurt after trying to convince-""Dad?" Teddy looked confused. "I thought my dad was simply on recon missions, he said so himself." Sirius struggled to respond. "Sirius... What aren't you telling me?"Sirius looked hesitant. "I... don't think it's my place to say-""Sirius!" He pounded his fist on the mat. "What is he doing?" If Sirius wasn't made of flames Teddy would've grabbed him by the robes."Teddy, calm down." He whispered. "Your dad...""Is he there?""No, he isn't here... he's in the Dark Forest right now.""The Dark Forest?" Teddy glanced at the window, but the rain was too heavy to see through. "Right now?He's near the school?""He's far away from the school, too far to visit you, even if he could...""What's he doing in the Dark Forest?"Sirius paused again, the fire in which he was in crackled in the silence. "He's... He's currently negotiating, with Fenrir Greyback's pack."Teddy blinked. "Pack? Like... like Werewolves? Other Werewolves?""He's trying to convince them not to join Vol- You-Know-Who's army."By now Teddy's heart was pounding and a cold sweat had broken out on his forehead. "But... But that's... He didn't tell me... Is he okay?""Between you and me, Teddy. Your dad wouldn't want me to tell you this but... he hasn't been looking to good when he's returned to Headquarters.""How long has he been doing this?""Since you and him arrived at Headquarters, it's why he brought you there to begin with.""He lied to me?"Suddenly, Sirius' head jerked and he looked around quickly. "Someone's coming! I'm sorry I can't be of more help. But for now, at least, it looks like you're on your own." And he was gone.Thunder exploded outside and Hermione stood up, walking towards the window. "He really is out there, isn't he? We've got to be able to defend ourselves." She sighed. "And if Umbridge refuses to teach us how... we need someone who will." She turned around and they all looked at Harry.

Chapter 10- Hog's Head -"Smells like something died in here." Teddy said, wrinkling up his nose, looking around the dusty old tavern. "So, who's supposed to be meeting us here?""Just a couple of people." Hermione said."Lovely spot." Ron commented, wiping his finger across one of the tables that looked as though it hadn't been wiped in years. Teddy had hardly had any sleep the night before the Hogsmeade trip. The thought of his father, lying dead in the Dark Forest haunted him every time he closed his eyes."Thought it would be safer off the beaten track."They all waited at the back of the empty pub. Slowly students began to shuffle in, each one looking just a disgusted as the next. "Um... hi." Hermione greeted them once they were all there. There were far more than just a few people and Teddy straightened when he saw Arkie walk in and stand beside Fred and George. "So you all know why we're here. We need a teacher... a proper teacher. One who's had experience defending themselves against the Dark Arts.""Why?" A boy asked."Because You-Know-Who's back, you tosspot." Ron spat but the boy rolled his eyes."So he says.""So Dumbledore says.""So Dumbledore says, because he says."Teddy shook his head silencing them all with a loud, shush! Hermione nodded a quick thanks."The point is, where's the proof?" The boy continued."Maybe, if Potter could tell us more about how Diggory got killed..." Another boy chipped in quietly.Harry stood up, looking annoyed. "I'm not gonna talk about Cedric, so if that's why you're here, clear out now." Hermione turned to him. "Come on, Hermione. They're here because they think I'm some sort of freak...""Is it true you can produce a Patronus Charm?" Luna asked, curiously.Hermione glanced at Harry, who wasn't responding. "Yes. I've seen it."Dean let off an impressed gasp. "Blimey, Harry. I didn't know you could do that.""And he killed a basilisk," Neville said. "With the sword in Dumbledore's office."Teddy crossed his arms, glancing at Harry with a confident smile. "Third year, he fought off about a hundred Dementors at once."Hermione shuffled nervously. "And last year, he really did fight off You-Know-Who in the flesh." Before they could all go silent Harry stood up again."Wait. Look, it all sounds great when you say it like that... but the truth is, most of that was just luck. I didn't know what I was doing half the time. I nearly always had help.""He's just being modest.""No, Hermione, I'm not." He replied, looking at the students. "Facing this stuff in real life is not like school. In school, if you make a mistake, you can just try again tomorrow."Teddy leaned against the wall silently, glancing at Harry and occasionally to Arkie. "But out there... when you're a second away from being murdered... or watching a friend die right before your eyes... You don't know what that's like." He sat back down. The tall, brown haired boy nodded slightly."You're right, Harry," Hermione said. "We don't."But, that's exactly why we need your help." Teddy added. "Because if we're going to have any chance at beating... Voldemort..." He forced himself to say the name for the first time ever. "We need to be prepared...""He's really back then?" A girl asked and Harry nodded."I have a piece of parchment," Hermione explained, holding up the parchment, on the top it said Dumbledore's Army. Teddy guessed it was meant to be a joke, to mock the Ministry. "If you wish to join, come a write your name down."Teddy walked up to her, nodded and was the first to write his name on the list. Almost instantly the students all lined up behind him. He stood next to the others, watching each person scribble down their names. Eventually, Arkie got to the front of the line. She looked at Teddy and the two met each others gaze before she bent down to write her name in her usual neat handwriting.Teddy watched as Arkie left the old pub. "I'll be back, I just need to-""Go!" Hermione said, shoving him towards the door. "Go after her." He smiled, running out into the snow outside. Arkie was trudging off and Teddy ran after her, nearly falling over. His pants were cold and damp. He tripped and caught himself on a frosty streetlamp. By the time he was standing up straight again, she was gone.He turned around in the snow, his cheeks and nose pink from the cold. "Damn it." He said, his teeth chattering. With a small grunt he walked through the snow in the direction of the small cottage just outside of Hogsmeade, his home. It looked abandoned, the windows were dark and frozen over, the small garden was buried under the layers of thick snow, no puffs of steam rose from the brick chimney.Teddy stared at it sadly, remembering how a few months ago the biggest worry he had, had was running out of books to read. He let out a sigh, watching his breath come out in a puff of warm mist. Something touched his damp shoulder, he looked down to find Arkie at his side. "I'm sorry..." She said quietly. "I-""No, I'm sorry. I should've told you about the detentions and I shouldn't have lied. You're right, I'm a coward.""I didn't say you were a coward, I'm saying you were acting cowardly. And I understand why you were nervous...""I can't even write a stupid letter to my own father. I didn't want to worry you.""I want to help, Teddy. That's all I want... and maybe this time I was the one to overreact, just a little." She smiled an embarrassed smile. "It's just, I don't think I've ever hated someone as much as Umbridge, and no one hurts my boyfriend." Teddy smiled, despite the heavy feeling in his chest. "Came we make a pact? No more lying.""Deal." The hissed her on the forehead, thens tared down at his boots. "Then I should probably tell you... Dad's been lying.""About what?""About going on those recon missions, apparently he's been trying to recruit a Werewolf pack for months now, ever since the holidays. Sirius says he's been coming home injured.""Merlin's beard... wait Sirius? How did you-?""Long story." He said, shaking his head."What are you gonna say to him? You dad, I mean.""I don't know," he rubbed her shoulders as she shivered beside him. "I'm thinking of bringing it up in private over the Christmas holidays." Arkie leaned into him, ignoring the dampness of his coat. For moment the only sound was the whistling of the sharp wind, whisping snow into the air. "We should probably head back to the others."She nodded, holding his hand and just catching up to them outside the Hog's Head. Hermione smiled and gave Teddy wink when she saw the two holding hands. They all took the train back to Hogwarts and whispered while crossing the bridge into the courtyard."Right. First we need to find a place to practice where Umbridge won't find out." Harry said seriously.Teddy thought before speaking through chattering teeth. "The Shrieking Shack?""Too small.""Forbidden Forest?" Arkie suggested.Ron gave a shiver. "Not bloody likely. Harry, what happens if Umbridge does find out?""Who cares?" Everyone looked at Hermione in shock. "I mean, it's sort of exciting, isn't it, breaking the rules?""Who are you and what have you done with Hermione?" Ron asked, looking her up and down."Anyway, at least we know one positive thing that came from today." She said after rolling her eyes.Harry stuffed his gloved hands in his pockets. "What's that?""Cho couldn't take her eyes off you, could she?" Harry turned a shade of red and tucked his head slightly behind his scarf."Right. Over the next few days, we should each come up with a couple of possibilities of places we can practice." He planned. "We've got to make sure, wherever it is, there's no chance she can find us.""Will do, Harry." Teddy nodded as the group broke up and went their seperate ways, unaware of the short, fluffy dressed woman, watching them from one of the school windows.

Hope you're all enjoying the story so far, if you have any tips please tell me I'd love to hear them.This chapter was hard to write, but I think I got it eventually.Chapter 11- Hidden Rooms -Teddy sunk his spoon into his bow of Fairy Flakes, watching the milk and cereal spill into it before raising it to his mouth. "Morning, Teddy." Arkie smiled sitting next to him. He looked at her, eyes still drooping, not fully awake yet."Hey." He put down his spoon."I've got Quidditch training after classes today. You look tired.""Umbridge gave me another detention and I've been up all night finishing homework because of it."Arkie's golden eyes shone with empathy and anger. "What for this time?"He blushed. "I fell asleep in class.""Teddy." She shook her head, sounding disappointed. Teddy sat up straighter and gave a comedic offended gasp."I only fell asleep because she kept me up all night with her last detention! Anyway, have you heard from Harry and the-"Bang!Everyone had gotten used to the banging of Filch's hammer as he hung up another Ministry decree. "What's she up to now?" Teddy groaned standing up. "Honestly, there's not much more she can control in this school anymore." As usual, all four houses gathered outside the front of the Great Hall to read the newest decree."What's it say this time?" Teddy asked as the crowd of students at the front began to shout and gasp in outrage. Finally, he was able to get a glimpse at the notice.ProclamationEducational Decree No. 81All extra-curriculum and studentorganizations arehenceforth disbanded.Any student in noncompliancewill be expelled."All extra-curriculum?" Arkie's eyes widened. "That's... that's not fair!"A girl with straight black hair gasp, fiddling with her Hufflepuff robes nervously. Teddy recognised her and the Hufflepuff Quidditch captain. "What about Quidditch?" She said. "We're supposed to be facing Gryffindor this weekend!""And Herbology club?" Neville said, both Arkie and him looking panicked. "We were supposed to take care of the baby Snap-Dragons for the second years. Who's gonna look after them now?" Nevilla ran off and Teddy guessed he was going to the greenhouses."It's outrageous!""And Duelling club, the inter-school championships are coming up! We have a title to uphold!""It's taken us ages to book the Astronomy tower for the Astronomy club!"Teddy hadn't committed to any extra-curriculum but he felt sorry for all who had. "Do you think she knows?" He whispered in his girlfriend's ear. She went slightly pale."It doesn't matter, we'll find somewhere to practice, we have to.""Teddy! Arkie!" Ron panted, running towards them. "Come quick, you're not going to believe what Nevilla just found." And then he was running up the stairs. They glanced at each other before following behind him. He led them down the corridor and to a large door. Harry, Hermione, Neville, Fred and George were all waiting for them."What room is this?" Teddy asked, he'd could've sworn there'd never been a door down that corridor before."Come on in." Hermione opened it and they all shuffled inside.They all stood in a large, spacious room. There were cushions, mechanical dummies wizards would use for duelling practice, mirrors, targets and other objects, perfect for Dark Arts lessons. "What is this place?""The Room of Requirement." Hermione breathed in amazement."The what?""It's also known as the Come and Go Room. The Room of Requirement only appears when a person has real need of it. And it's always equipped for the seeker's needs." She explained.Ron took a few steps forward. "So say you really needed the toilet..." Teddy let out a short snort."Charming, Ronald." Her eyes rolled upwards, exasperatedly. "But, yes, that is the general idea.""It's brilliant." Harry stood forward, adjusting his glasses. "It's like Hogwarts wants us to fight back.""When should we begin?" Arkie asked, excitedly."Today, after classes.""Expelliarmus!""Gah!" Teddy and the entire line of students ducked as Neville's wand flew from his hand and hit the wall, bright sparks coming out of the tip. Neville looked down at the ground, defeated. "I'm hopeless."Harry stood next to him, facing the wooden dummy, which looked a lot like Harry's description of a Death Eater. "You're just flourishing your wand too much. Try it like this. Expelliarmus!"The dummy's wand flew up into the air.Each student had a turn at the disarming charm, Teddy was able to succesfully pull it off after his third try. But his good mood was spoiled when he had to go to Defense Against the Dark Arts the next day. "You will please copy the approved text four times," she motioned to the board, "to ensure maximum retention. There will be no need to talk.""No need to think's more like it." Hermione muttered beside Teddy."Wands away, Mr Longbottom."Neville tucked his wand away in disappointment. Straight after class, Teddy began to wander down the empty corridor. Suddenly he heard footsteps behind him, he spun around to catch a glimpse of Mr Filch and Mrs Norris running behind one of the large stone torches. His lip curled up in a smile. He continued walking, seeing the door appear just around the corner, then made a run for it.It closed and disappeared before Filch could reach it."We gotta be careful." He said to Harry. "Filch was following me." He nodded in understanding. For next few weeks everything worked like clockwork. After class, Dumbledore's Army gathered together in the Room of Requirement, barely escaping Filch and the Slytherin students, and continued training. Teddy had to admit that Harry was an excellent teacher, not as good as his father, but close."Stunning is one of the most useful spells in your arsenal." Harry explained, passing back and forth. Everyone was standing on either side of the room, watching curiously. "It's a wizard's bread and butter, really. So come on, then, Nigel. Give it your best shot."A small boy, with curly light hair and a pale expression raised his wand. "Stupefy!" Harry flew backwards and Nigel fell over in shock. Soon both of them were on the ground."Good. Not bad at all, Nigel. Well done. Ron, Hermione, how about you go next." He groaned sorely."Come on, Ron." Everyone clapped in excitement and Teddy saw Fred and George placing bets in silence. "You can do it."The two stood on either end of the room, wands raised. Ron took a slow breath. "Stu-" But he was too slow."Stupefy!" Hermione flicked her wand and Ron gasped, doing an amazing impression of a rag doll. All the girls gathered round Hermione in a fit of giggles. Ron sorely walked over to the boys. "I let her do that. It's good manners, isn't it?""Completely intentional?" Teddy raised an eyebrow."Yeah.""I think that's it for today." Harry said. Students groaned, tucking their wands away. "Teddy, can you?""Way ahead of you." Teddy pulled out the Marauders Map, a gift from his father. He knew he'd be proud to see he was using it for good... even if that good could get him expelled. "Filch's outside our usual exit, best say we go this way." He pointed to another corridor on the parchment.ProclamationEducational Decree No. 81All Students Will Submit ToQuestioning AboutSuspected IllicitActivitiesTeddy rolled his eyes, his interrogation had been nothing short of hell. He had to sit and watch Umbridge act as kind as she could, though her eyes were filled with burning frustration at his denial of knowing anything to do with the 'secret club'. "I will ask you one more time, Mr Lupin," her voice crackled. "What can you tell me about the secret organization.""Organization?" He had to force himself not to giggle or smirk, instead he remain composed. "I thought you said it was a club, or team?" Her stubby fingers were gripping the handle of her teacup so hard they'd turned white. "I'm sorry Professor," he lied. "But I known nothing of this secret club.""Lies!" She'd snapped. "You're lying you filthy half-breed!"Teddy struggled to remain still and calm. "I'm telling the truth. Honestly, why would I lie?" Now he was smiling, he couldn't help himself. Umbridge's face was as red as a tomato and her lips were pursed so tightly together they almost disappeared. The thin handle of her teacup broke in her grip and Teddy crossed his arms, looking smug. He instantly regretted it."Forgotten already have we? I would've thought the message had sunk in by now!"Teddy glanced down to the scars on his hand. The words 'I must not yell at my superiors' had been covered by, 'I must remember my place' then, 'I will do whatever others ask of me' next was, 'I won't speak unless spoken to'. But the latest one had been, 'I must respect my superiors'."This afternoon, my office." The thought of what was to occur that afternoon seemed to bring her some peace of mind.He'd stood up so hard his chair fell over, he didn't bother to pick it up as he fled out of the office."Now, focus on a fixed point and try again.""Sorry, I'm late!" Teddy ran into the room, dropping his things and grabbing his wand, his hand now brandished with, 'Lying is in my nature'. Harry spotted it, but one look from Teddy explained that he didn't want to talk about it."Now, Neville, focus on a fixed point and try again.""Expelliarmus!" Nothing happened."Keep trying. Alright everyone, we're going to move on to the Levicorpus jinx."Soon they were all standing in several small circles, pointing their wands at a selected student and levitating them above the ground."Very good. Keep your concentration." Harry said, walking around to each group. Teddy saw hims top at one of the groups, standing beside Cho and helping her with her wand. "Great. A little higher." Cho lost focus and Nigel, who's she'd been levitating, fell to the ground."I'm okay. I'm okay." He said, standing up quickly.After a while Teddy had taken a break, watching the Marauder's Map. Suddenly Fred and George were at his side, peering over his shoulder. "Looks like Filch is going to his usual spot." He said.In the background, students were practicing the Stunning spell over and over again."We've been waiting for this moment. Haven't we, Freddie.""Have to, George."They both stuck around the class. Teddy watched them curiously. "You can come if ya wanna?" They offered. "Bring the map with you, just in case.""In case of what?"He never got a response, so he quickly hurried after them and out the side entrance. A stool and small table had been set up by Mr Filch, where he'd wwatch and wait for them every night. "How far away is he?" Fred asked and Teddy looked down at the map."Few corridors away.""Better be quick then."He watched as one of the twins pulled a pink, heart-shaped box out of their robes. On it was note, 'From: Dolores Umbridge'. "What are you two up to?" Teddy asked with a mischievous grin."Just you wait."ProclamationEducational Decree No. 98Those Wishing To Join TheInquisitorial SquadFor Extra CreditMay Sign Up In TheHigh Inquisitor's Office.Teddy and the twins muffled there laughter as Filch trudged past them the next day, covered in red, puss filled boils. He glared them but didn't say anything."What happened to him?" Arkie asked, glaring suspiciously at the three boys, who suddenly all found something else to focus on. "I heard Draco and most of the Slytherins have joined Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad.""Probably explains why I've caught Draco and his gang stalking me between classes, and I mean 'stalking'. It's getting kind of creepy." He let out a little laugh.The two of them walked into the Great Hall, which had been decorated with tinsel, baubles and floating red and green candles. The Christmas holidays were coming closer, something Teddy both loved and feared.He couldn't wait, because it meant he'd be free from Umbridge for a while, he'd have time to brainstorm potential job paths he'd like to take and would be surrounded by family and friends.But at the same time, it meant he'd have to face his father and tell him he knew the truth. "So, you coming back with me for the holidays?" He asked as they sat down for breakfast."Wouldn't miss it for the world." She sighed joyfully."Diminuendo!" Teddy said, finally perfecting the shrinking charm. A small version of the training dummy's wheeled around the room in panic."Working hard is important, but there's something that matters even more." Harry helped a girl with her stance. "Believing in yourself.""Expelliarmus!""Levicorpus!""Think of it this way." He continued. "Every great wizard in history has started out as nothing more than what we are now: students. If they can do it, why not us?"Teddy nodded."All of you gather round." They all gathered around one of the training dummies, who raised its wand and rolled towards the students one at a time."Stupefy!""Expelliarmus!""Expelliarmus!""Expelliarmus!""Expelliarmus!"It rolled towards Teddy, who evened out his stand and... "Expelliarmus." It was knocked backwards towards Ginny."Reducto!"In the dummy's place, was a small pile of ash. Soon they were all back to partners, with Teddy against Neville. "You got this, Neville." He reasurred."Expelliarmus." His willow wood wand flew out of his hand, landing on the ground in front of his. Neville's mouth opened in surprise."Fantastic, Neville. Well done, man." Harry patted him on the back."Well done, Neville.""Good one."Teddy enjoyed each and every meeting. Every time he went, people got more and more comfortable with him. They'd come up and start a conversation, no longer afraid or repulsed by his lycanthropy. He felt... at home.

Chapter 12- Return to Grimmauld Place -The Christmas holidays was only one nights sleep away. Harry had decided to re-continue lessons after the holidays. Teddy laid in his small bed, the Christmas light and tinsel hanging from his ceiling. His suitcase was already packed and ready to leave in the morning after breakfast, but he didn't seem to get that luxury. He woke up to someone shaking him roughly awake. "Wha-?""Wake up, Lupin!""Professor McGonagall!" He sat straight up in his bed, pulling the covers up with him. "I... ah... What's wrong?""No time for chit-chat." She stood up, looking like a shadow in the candle light spilling in from the doorway. "Come with me to Dumbledore's office."Teddy suddenly got nervous. What did Dumbledore want with him? He pulled on his bed robes and followed McGonagall out into the corridor, up the stairs and to the entrance of Dumbledore's office. "Fizzing-whizbees." McGongall said, and the gargoyles guarding the office jumped out of the way. They both glided inside, to find Ron and the rest of the Weasley kids standing in the side of the room.Dumbledore was pacing back and forth in front of Harry, not even looking at him when McGonagall motioned for him to join the others. "What's going on?" The others didn't respond. They looked pale and sick with worry. Next minute the door opened and Professor Sprout, head of Hufflepuff, brought Arkie into the room, who also joined them."In the dream, were you standing next to the victim or looking down at the scene?" Dumbledore asked Harry. Teddy rubbed his eye in confusion.Harry was panting and sweat had formed on his forehead, staining his shirt. "Neither. It was like I... Will you please just tell me what's happening?""Everard," Dumbledore completely ignored him and walked over to one of the old Hogwarts headmaster's portraits hanging on the wall. "Arthur's on guard duty tonight. Make sure he's found by the right people." The old Headmaster nodded and disappeared.Arthur? Mr Weasley? What happened? What was he guarding?"Sir." Harry said, trying to get the Headmaster's attention. But Dumbledore seemed to looking everywhere except at Harry."Phineas." A man in another portrait woke up with a grumble. "You must go to your portrait at Grimmauld Place. Tell them that Arthur Weasley is gravely injured and his children will be arriving there soon by Portkey. Tell them that Teddy and Arkie will also be returning with them." The man disappeared into his portrait.Suddenly, Everard reappeared in his portrait. "They've got him, Albus. It was close, but they think he'll make it. What's more, the Dark Lord failed to acquire it."Acquire what? Teddy's head was whirring and he didn't seem to be the only one. Harry's breathing had accelerated and looked on the verge of exploding.Dumbledore didn't seem to notice. "Oh, thank goodness. Next we need to-""Look at me!"Finally, the Headmaster looked at the panting boy who suddenly looked scared and just as surprised by his outburst as everyone else. "What's happening to me?" The door opened and a familiar, greasy-haired figure glided in."You wished to see me, Headmaster?""Oh, Severus." Dumbledore sighed. "I'm afraid we can't wait. Not even till the morning. Otherwise, we'll all be vulnerable."Teddy watched as Snape pulled Harry out of the room. "Wait, Professor Dum-""The Order has been informed." Phineas said, returning to his usual position on the wall."Good, gather round, everyone."Teddy glanced at Arkie who was looking back him. They all gathered round Dumbledore's desk. On which an old, rusty bucket had been placed. Teddy had traveled by portkey once before, to get to the World Quidditch Cup, and he knew it wasn't a pleasant experience. Thank Merlin he didn't get motion sickness. "Your belongings will be sent to Grimmauld Place by tomorrow morning. Hold on." The bucket began to jerked left and right and soon six pairs of hands were holding onto the rim. "Three... two... one..."Teddy closed his eyes, feeling the ground disappear from under him. His hand gripped tightly on the bucket edge, afraid that if he let go he'd be thrown off and end up who knows where. Suddenly, they were falling downwards and...Thud!He finally opened his eyes, blinking away tears of pains and wondering how many bruises he would have on his chest. They had all landed in the dining room of Black family home. Teddy wondered if using a portkey was similar to how the twins apparated, but he guessed by their soar groans that it wasn't. "Do you think we can go back? I think I left my stomach in Dumbledore's office." Teddy said, though there was little humor in his tone.Upstairs he could hear someone moving and guessed it was most likely Sirius coming down to greet his guests. The Weasley kids barely said a word as Sirius appeared in the doorway giving them all a small smile. "Welcome back."Teddy nodded, helping Arkie on to her feet."Why don't I make us some hot chocolate?" Sirius walked towards the kitchen, coming out later with seven mugs of hot chocolate that floated to the kids sitting at the table. Teddy took a sip from his mug but barely tasted the hot, brown liquid. He didn't know what to say. There was nothing to say. They could only wait. And they waited until the morning, where Mrs Weasley walked through the door giving each and everyone one of the a big warm hug. "He'll be fine, I just visited him. You all look exhausted, why don't you get some sleep."Teddy opened the door to his father's and his room. It looked as if no one had been in it for a while. It was almost exactly how he remembered it, except his suitcase had somehow appeared by his bedside. Tiredly, he fell onto his bed, ignoring the loud creak it made under his weight, and fell alseep.

4000 views everyone! Woo hoo!Thank you all so much for reading my story!Chapter 13- The Truth -Teddy ducked as a small miniature Santa flew over his head singing, "ho! ho! ho!" over and over again."Merry Christmas, Teddy!" Sirius smiled, sitting next to Harry, who had portkey'd in during the night, at the end of the table. Teddy smiled at his godfather. "Merry Christmas." He looked around, Mrs Weasley was yet to arrive back from St Mungo's Hospital with Mr Weasley and they were all waiting patiently to begin the Christmas feast. Arkie and Ginney were fiddling with the Christmas tree in the corner of the room.Teddy was dressed in plain red t-shirt and jeans, the small wooden wolf necklace around his neck. He was barefoot and wore a bright red Santa hat on of his head.Suddenly the front door open and Mrs Weasley came in, wheeling Mr Weasley in his wheelchair, towards the table. "Here we go." She said with a wide smile. "Daddy's back." Everyone gave a round of applause and Arkie went to join Teddy who wrapped his arm around comfortably. "Sit down, everybody, sit down. That's it. Now, presents."The two joined everyone at the table as Mrs Weasley began to pass down presents to each of them. "Here you go, and a nice big box for Ron." Ron took his present, passing down Hermione's. "Come on, open up. I want to see your faces."Ron opened his and pulled out a funny looking vest with a large 'R' on the front. "Thanks, Mum. It's perfect." He said, though Teddy could tell he only said it out of politeness."And here you are Teddy, Arkie." She passed down the two presents. Teddy unwrapped his and pulled out a navy blue and white scarf, to match his sweater from two Christmas before. Arkie got them same except hers was yellow and black."I made them your house colours." Mrs Weasley beamed."Thank you, Mrs Weasley." They said together.From Ron, Teddy got another box of Every-Flavour Beans. Hermione had bought them all study planners which yelled out whatever you wrote in them. Teddy politely thanked her, knowing he was probably never going use it. Harry had given him a custard eclair, his favourite, and Sirius had bought Harry, Ron and him an advanced charms book. "This'll be great for our training sessions." Harry said, already flipping through the pages.Teddy watched as Sirius leaned over the table, handing Arkie a gift, whic she quickly unwrapped. Out fell a long leather belt with a small loop hole on one side. "Cool! A wand holster!" Arkie gasped."A what?""You can put your wand in it when you aren't using it. This'll be great for duelling... if it starts up again." She sighed in disappointment. Teddy knew that Arkie joined numerous clubs each year and felt sorry that they'd all been cancelled."A Christmas toast." Mr Weasley said, holding up his jug of Butterbeer. "To Mr. Harry Potter... without whom I would not be here. Harry.""Harry." They all said. Harry nodded, looking down awkwardly. Everyone tucked into the small Christmas feast prepared and Mr Weasley gave a big groan of pleasure. "That is delicious. I shall be needing some more of that.""Daddy, don't forget last Christmas." Mrs Weasley warned."Merry Christmas, Ted."Teddy turned around in surprise. Standing in the doorway was a tall man, with matching green eyes and light brown hair. "Dad!" He jumped up, hugging him. "Merry Christmas, Dad.""Remus, finally." Mr Weasley grinned from the end of the table. "We thought you wouldn't show.""Wouldn't miss it for the world." He said, sitting down beside his son and saying hello to the others. "How're you feeling, Arthur?""I'll be dancing again soon."Teddy glanced up at his father, taking in his disheveled hair, white complexion and the scratches on the side of his neck. But now wasn't the right time to bring it up. Instead he no longer worried about why his father lied, or how he was going to explain the words on the back of his hand.Instead he swallowed it all down with a large gulp of Butterbeer and laughed alongside Fred and George, watched Arkie and Ginny chatting away and listened to what spells Harry had in mind for the next Dark Arts meeting. Finally, things began to slow down and everyone started to say goodnight. Teddy had finally retreated to his room, finding it hard to keep his eyes open any longer.By the time Remus had come upstairs Teddy was already in his pyjama's and finished unpacking the last of his belongings. "Hey," he said sleepily as his father entered the room. "I'm glad you could make it tonight.""Me too."Teddy was hesitant before continuing and he faced the opposite direction as he spoke. "So, how was it? The mission.""It was good."It comforted Teddy to hear how hesitant his father was in responding. "You being careful?""Always.""Good, cause the Dark Forest is a dangerous place... trust me, I know." He sat on the edge of his bed, looking straight at his father. There was no anger in his eyes, no hurt either. It was blank. Remus was standing straight, now dressed in his pyjama's. "Teddy...""Sirius told me."Remus now sat down on the edge of his bed. "What did he tell you?"He sighed. "That you haven't been going on these so-called 'recon missions', that you've actually been in the Dark Forest with other Werewolves. I guess that explains why you disappear for so long and are constantly leaving. And he's told me about how you've come home injured some nights.""Teddy, I'm so-"He held up his hand. "I'm not angry... not anymore. But I am upset. Not that you're trying to persuade Werewolves from Fenrir Greyback's pack- although I am worried for you, but because you didn't tell me. Why didn't you tell me?"Their matching green eyes met for a long, silent second. "I remember seeing you... after you'd witnessed Barty Crouch's murder. It terrified me how terrified you were. I- I didn't want to see you like that again. I didn't want you to feel that way every again."At those words Teddy instinctively hid his scarred hand from view. "I would've wanted to know..." His voice raising, not with anger but with fear. "I would've wanted to be prepared for if I came home to hear my father was in hospital or even worse..." He had to stop so he could concentrate on stopping the tears from falling down his cheeks. In the flash of a second Remus was around his son, no longer having to bend down to hold him anymore. "I'm so sorry." He whispered.Teddy breathing calmed down and he closed his eyes, allowing one tear to fall to the ground with a soft splat. "I was worried, after Sirius told me the truth, that I wouldn't get to see you again, or tell you...""Tell me what?""Everything! About what a terrible year it's been."Teddy felt his father sitting down again and he sat beside him. "Well now you do. So tell me, what's happened?" Slowly he showed him his hand. Some of the scars had faded, but he wasn't sure if all of them would. He heard Remus gasp, a sound he didn't hear very often. "Who did this to you?"He sniffed, his brows knitting together angrily. "That Umbridge woman.""I heard she was prejudice towards half-breeds, but I never imagined she'd... Oh, Teddy. I'm so sorry."Remus knew exactly how Teddy's mother would react if she were still with them. She would've stormed back to Hogwarts to find Umbridge, no matter the consequences. How dare someone do this to a student, to his son! His anger only grew as he read each sentence embedded in Teddy's skin. 'Lying is in my nature'."I can't send him back there, Sirius!" His fist landed on the table. He'd come downstairs as soon as Teddy had fallen asleep and was still furious. "It's not safe. Umbridge obviously has a thing out for him- she carved writing into both his and Harry's hand!""You think I want to send them back to Hogwarts with that old trout hanging about, Remus? Remember they're both my godsons.""Then why aren't you backing me up?""Well, think about the consequences." Mr Weasley chipped in. "His OWLs are coming up, he misses them there's no chance of him finding employment in the future, and you personally know how hard it is for Werewolves to find jobs these days, even if he is only part Werewolf."Remus sunk into a seat beside the dining table.Molly looked at him and then back at the others. "I think Remus is right. Neither of them should be sent back to Hogwarts, not now.""Snape has promised to teach Harry Occulmency, Molly, to protect his mind from You-Know-Who, he has to return to Hogwarts. And Teddy has his future to think about-""Actually, I think I'm on Remus' side now. No way is Snivellus teaching Harry." Sirius mumbled and Molly put her hand on her hips.Mr Weasley continued. "And what about the boys, Fred and George. It's their finally year, Molly.""Enough, Arthur. It's three against one... they're all staying here.""No." Remus said, who'd been leaning over, rubbing his aching forehead."No?" Both Sirius and Mrs Weasley said together."No, they should go back. Arthur's right, I don't want to be the reason my son misses his chance- I know Molly, but Teddy can't miss his fifth year. And Harry's committed to 'Dumbledore's Army' and he has to be taught Occulmency.""But what about Teddy? You said it yourself, it's not safe.""He's safer there than he is here, Sirius. He's still learning how to defend himself and... and I trust Dumbledore."Molly shifted in her seat uncomfortably. "But, Remus... the Ministry is watching Hogwarts if we send them back-""Then they won't be able to pin them on anything happening outside of the school. Hogwarts is still safe from You-Know-Who and his forces. So which one would you prefer. Them being safe from the Ministry or the Dark Lord?"Everyone went silent. They all knew the answer. "I don't like this idea anymore than you do... but we've got no choice."

Chapter 14- Relocated -"Harry! Harry!" Teddy, Hermione and Ron ran towards Harry who was walking into the castle beside Cho. They'd all just gotten off the Thestral drawn carriages. "Hagrid's back!"Harry looked at Cho, conflicted about his options. "I'm sorry. I'll catch up with you later."They all abandoned their luggage by the door and were off, running down the stone path and the grassy hills towards the familiar hut on the edge of the Dark Forest. A few times Teddy nearly tripped over and struggled to keep up with the others. Finally, they reached Hagrid's hut and were surprised to hear Umbridge's voice humming sternly from inside. They all gathered round one of the windows."I will say this one last time. I'm ordering you to tell me where you've been." Umbridge ordered, looking up at Hagrid with utmost disgust. Teddy felt a wrenching feeling in his stomach."I 'old you. I been away for me health." He replied and Teddy almost gasped at the big purple bruise decorating his swollen eye."Your health?""Yeah. Bit o'fresh air, you know."Umbridge didn't look convinced. "Oh, yes. As gamekeeper, fresh air must be difficult to come by." Her voice dripped with sugary sarcasm. "If I were you, I shouldn't get too used to being back. In fact," she glanced at his luggage and gave a small giggle. "I mightn't bother unpacking at all."Teddy felt Harry grip his shoulder and pull him back, he hadn't even noticed he had begun to march forward in anger. Umbridge left the hut, which they all hid behind, watching her spray the air with perfume and then the hut as if she was using sage to rid the space of demons. When she was gone they all gathered inside, quickly welcomed by Hagrid, who had expected their visit.He poured them each a large mug of tea, though none of them drank it, their stomachs were still churning with worry and curiosity. "Now, this is top-secret, right?" Hagrid said, putting a large piece of meat on his swollen eye. "Dumbledore sent me to parley with the giants.""Giants?" Teddy gasped, though wasn't that surprised. His father had been attempting to do the same thing with the Werewolves. By the looks of things, neither of them had been successful so far. "You found them?""Well, they're not that hard teh find, teh be perfectly honest. They're so big, see?" He explained, the meat dripping warm animal blood on the floor which Hagrid's dog, Fang, quickly slurped up. "I tried teh convince 'em to join the cause. But I wasn't the only one that was trying to win them over.""Death Eaters?" Harry whispered."Yeh. Trying teh persuade 'em teh join You-Know-Who.""Did they?""I gave 'em Dumbledore's message. Suppose some of 'em remember he was friendly teh 'em. I suppose."Everyone was quite, but Teddy couldn't hold back the question anymore. "And they did this to you?" He motioned to his face."Not exactly, no." There was a low whimper and Fang looked longingly at the piece of meat. "Oh, go on, yeh have it, then, yeh dozy dog." He stopped at the high pitched whistle coming from the wind outside. He stood up, towering over even Teddy, and staring out the window at the graying sky. "It's changing out there. Just like last time." Teddy and the others stood beside him. "There's a storm coming. We'd all best be ready when she does."Teddy hadn't bothered to pass the Great Hall to check the decree, though he was sure there'd be plenty more. He could barely keep up with them at this rate and there was no avoiding detentions anymore, at least not for him. Umbridge seemed to long for her lessons with Teddy, just to make him miserable and remind him of his inferiority.He'd see her in the corridor between classes occasionally but would walk silently passed her. She'd begun to pick on his attire, even though he always made sure he looked spic and span before leaving his room. So Teddy spent most of his mornings, straightening his tie, tucking in his shirt and tying his shoelaces.At the end of the second day of school, Teddy was surprised to see his dorm door open. He peered inside and gasped when he saw Filch rummaging through his room, packing everything away. "What's going on?""Yeh movin'." Filch sniffed, disrespectfully shoving the photos of his friends and family into his suitcase."Since when?""Since this morning." He spun around, unsurprised to see Umbridge trotting towards him. "Didn't you check the noticeboard? Educational Decree number 108. All half-blooded creatures must remain at least five feet away from witches and wizards.""What?" Teddy heart had sunk to his stomach. He couldn't breath, his lungs refused to work and instead his mouth hung open, silently gasping for air. He finally remembered how to breath, but barely had time to enjoy the rush air in his lungs before Filch closed his suitcase and trudged out of the room."This means you must keep your distance from wizards at all times, day and night." She smiled, taking a few steps away from his. Teddy's lip twitched when she said 'wizards', like he wasn't one himself."So why are you moving me? I'm nowhere near any students down here.""I have reason to believe that it is no longer safe for you to spend full moons here." She flicked her hand to the small and now bare room."And what reasons are those?" He crossed his arms, glaring at the pudgy woman."I have recently been informed of your previous midnight wanderings, during full moons." His face went pale."That was two years ago," he said, quickly reminding himself that breathing was important and that he should do it quickly before he'd pass out. "And besides, the first time I was drawn to my dad, in his office. I ran into Professor Snape, yet I didn't hurt him. And the second time wasn't during a full moon." He said, remembering walking through the dark corridors with the Marauders Map."I'm afraid the risk is too high. But don't worry," she giggled, which did nothing to soothe him, not that she wanted to in the first place. "I think I've found the perfect place to... relocate you."She gestured for him to follow Filch, still keeping her distance. Teddy followed the grubby man wearily. He stumbled slightly as they walked down the stairs into the dark rooms below. They moved past the Potions classroom and further down another flight of stairs. Grey water was leaking from the ceiling and the only light were from the strange green candles hanging on the walls. He almost slipped on the last row of stairs. "Where are we?" His voice echoed against the stone walls.Umbridge simply giggled. "Isn't it just perfect for you?" She asked rhetorically as they stopped in front of what could only be described as... a dungeon. Teddy had heard of the underground dungeons below the school, but had never dared to visit them. It was said that misbehaving students were once tortured down there back when Hogwarts was first founded. "Please tell me this isn't what I think it is." He begged and bawled his fist at the High Inquisitor's giggle. He would love nothing more than to use the new knock-back charm Harry had taught him in their secret Dark Arts lessons."Welcome to your new dorm. We'll leave you to get set up." She said as Filch threw his suitcase inside the cell. It burst open, spreading its contents all over the wet, dirty floor. There was desk, no wardrobe, no nearby light, not even a bed, only a thin sheet crumpled up in the corner."You can't- Dumbledore would never allow-""Dumbledore has no choice in the matter. Oh, not too close dear!" She warned, forcing him to take a few steps back. "This is a Ministry matter and its for the safety of all witch and wizard kind. Now, each night Filch will make sure to come past and lock the door and will let you out in the morning, is that clear dearie?"Teddy looked back at his new room. But he knew it wasn't a room, it was a prison. Then he noticed something, something that made him want to break down into tears. It couldn't be... she wouldn't!"Are these?" He picked up the long object, attached to the wall at the back of the cell. Chains."For full moons, and if I'm correct there should be one tomorrow night. Right?" He didn't respond. "All right then. Have a good nights sleep." She wished and Teddy heard a bang and the turning of a key, followed by two sets of footsteps. Until he was completely alone, in the dark, damp and dreary cell... and there was nothing he could do.

Chapter 15- Love Can Break Even the Strongest of Chains -It had taken a full hour to calm Arkie down and stop her from screaming out in anger and fury during Charms. Teddy had yet to tell the others about his new living space but he had promised not to keep things from Arkie, and he was determined to keep that promise."Why doesn't she just expel me instead?" Teddy asked as they walked into the Great Hall for dinner. Arkie followed him, abandoning the Hufflepuff table, where her friends were giving her strange looks. Everyone seemed to shuffle out of the way whenever Teddy passed by, but they always shot his sorry glances. He understood why. They trusted him, but were afraid of the consequences of rebelling against the High Inquisitor. His friends, not so much."Maybe Dumbledore has something to do with it?" Arkie thought aloud, taking a seat right by his side. At that exact moment, an owl flew down towards them dropping a large roll of the Daily Prophet. Arkie quickly grabbed it and dove into the pages. She gave an understanding oh."What?""Apparently the Werewolves have begun to threaten the Ministry.""Guess Dad's mission isn't going well..." He said, cutting into his egg. As usual, before the full moon, Teddy was starving and had pilled his plate full of food."They're probably trying to clear the tension, hence why they haven't expelled you yet... besides you haven't done anything worth expelling you for... have you?""Not that I can remember." He said, scratching his head."Well remember quickly. Umbridge might plan to use them against you." She set down the newspaper. "Why don't you send an owl to your dad, or Padfoot, or the whole Order even? I'm sure they'd want to here about this.""Because, Umbridge is watching all the mail coming in and out of Hogwarts. I can't risk it.""Barbaric!" Hermione huffed, sitting on the other side of Teddy, Ron and Harry right behind her. "Umbridge has taken it too far." Teddy looked around. Everything had seemed to go back to normal, everyone kept their distance from him, except his friends of course. "I mean, honestly, you've done nothing to hurt anyone, ever!." Instead of responding he took another bite of his breakfast."Merlin's beard..." Arkie was staring at the front page of the Daily Prophet again, on it was a large black and white picture of a screaming woman with tangled black hair, dressed in prison clothing. "Mass prison breakout," she read. "Fudge suspects culprit behind devastating escape.""Well, let's hear it then." Teddy said, finally putting down his cutlery.She straightened out the paper. "Down in the Ministry of Magic Fudge was surrounded by reporters all asking the same question, blah, blah, blah- ah, here we go. Fudge had this to say 'We have confirmed that 10 high-security prisoners in the early hours of yesterday evening did escape. And of course, the Muggle prime minister has been alerted to the danger. We strongly suspect that the breakout was engineered by a man with personal experience in escaping from Azkaban.""Wait for it." Teddy said dramatically."Notorious mass murderer Sirius Black.""Knew it!""Cousin of escapee Bellatrix Lestrange."Ron swallowed his sausage. "I didn't know that, isn't she the one who used the Cruciatus curse on the Longbottom's?""Dumbledore warned Fudge this could happen." Hermione sighed. "He's gonna get us all killed just because he can't face the truth.""Harry." They all spun around in their seats. Seamus was standing behind them, looking a little awkward. "I wanted to apologize." Teddy glanced at Harry but couldn't read his face. "Now even me mum says the Prophet's version of things don't add up." Seamus continued. "So... what I'm really trying to say is that I believe you."Teddy glanced at the other students watching, each one of them nodded in agreement.With all his strength, Teddy forced himself to remain calm and expressionless as he walked down into his new room. Cry, moping and giving up was exactly the react Umbridge would want and he wasn't about to give it to her. While he waited for Filch to come a lock his cell door he put all his belongings in the corner, spread out the thick rug and pillow Arkie had given him, in exchange he had given her the Marauders Map for safe keeping, as well as the food he was able to nip from the Great Hall.He stared numbly down at the chains before hearing footsteps behind him. "Is all this really necessary?" He turned around, hiding how powerless and lonely he felt."High Inquisitors orders." He growled taking a step forward."I got it." Teddy spat, bending down and chaining his arms and neck to the wall. Filch snicked, slammed the door shut before locking it and hanging the key on a hook, just out of his reach, as if trying to tease him. Teddy rolled his eyes to hide the tears and faced the opposite direction to the door. He heard the sound of Filch's footsteps growing faint.The transformation had been painful and uncomfortable. It was difficult to change when he was tethered to wall in heavy chains that dug into his wrists and neck. Despite his growth spurt as a human, Werewolf Teddy was still smaller than the average Werewolf.He closed his eyes, lying on the rug. Every full moon he would always feel what he called the 'call of the wild', the sensation had become stronger ever since his father and him had spent the full moon together in the Dark Forest during his third year. Now the 'call of the wild' was the strongest it'd ever been. Every muscle inside him told him to fight against his restraints, he knew he could, but that would be playing right into Umbridge's hands.So he curled up against the wall, not even looking at the food he'd prepared for himself. Suddenly his wolf ears flick up, he heard movement and couldn't stop himself from looking up in surprise. Arkie was walking down the staircase, holding the Marauders Map steadily. Her eyes widened and she rushed over to the bars of his cell. "Teddy!" She said in a half-whisper.Werewolf Teddy wanted to respond but all he could muster was a small, surprised whimper. "Hold on." She said, trying to open the door. "Where are the keys?" He lifted his head sniffing in the direction of the keys, hanging from the small hook. She ran over to them, fiddling to find the right one and then pushing open the door which gave a loud creak. She paused, listening to hear if anyone was coming, then she ran over to him stopping only when Teddy slowly backed away. "Teddy..."Arkie stared. She'd never seen a Werewolf in person before. They were big and very different from a normal wolf. She watched as Teddy lowered his head, ashamed by her staring. "Teddy..." She repeated, crouching down until he looked back up. His once forest green eyes were now a unnatural yellow that glowed in the dark atmosphere. But she saw through the animal eyes and could see behind them the same kind and loyal boy she'd loved so dearly.Without hesitation she sat down, edging closer to him until he could no longer back away from her. She sat there, showing no signs of leaving. Back in Grimmauld Place, Teddy had refused her to visit him during his transformations. Arkie looked down at the chains on his wrists and neck. Slowly she lifted the keys and slotted them into the keyholes.The chains fell down and Teddy sniffed them, hesitantly watching her again.Her eyes never left his. She could see him chest rise and fall quickly as she raised her hand. "I'm not going to hurt you... it's just me, Teddy." She whispered. He shifted slightly forward and her hand met his cheek. He leaned into it, closing his eyes and letting out a small relaxed whimper. She rest her other hand on his chest, feeling the pounding of his heart. It was Teddy's heartbeat, so different from anyone's she'd ever met."I'm here... I'm not going anywhere..." She moved even closed to him, until she was leaning against his chest. Teddy looked up, his eyes half closed. Arkie pulled his paw so it was resting on her lap and put her ear to his chest to hear his steady heartbeat. His warmth was enough to keep the cold away and as she closed her arms she felt just as comfortable sleeping beside him as a Werewolf as she would if he was human. "I'm here..."

Chapter 16- Expecto Patronum! -A girl had slept with him... and not just any girl, Arkie had spent the entire full moon with him. She'd disappeared by the time he woke up, but he remembered the whole night. She fallen asleep, lying on him. The way she had looked at him, with such reassurance. She'd looked at him like no one else had. He could still feel where she had touched him on his cheek and chest.Suddenly, he heard footsteps approaching him and quickly pulled up the rug, covering his bare body. He hoped Arkie had gone before he'd transformed back.Filch sneered happily at Teddy's flushed face. "Good night.""The best..." He couldn't stop himself from sighing and blushed further. Filch raised a greasy eyebrow but unlocked his door and then the chains Teddy had quickly reapplied. When he was gone he quickly got changed back into his robes. The moment he stood up he was struck by the familiar post-full moon headache. He groaned."You did what?" Arkie had sat down at the Hufflepuff table where she'd been joined by her friends, who'd been suspicious of her empty bed last night."You can't tell anyone." She whispered, her face serious."Of course we won't tell anyone." One of them said. "I mean, if people heard you spent the full moon with a Werewolf-"Arkie dropped her spoon. "That wasn't what I meant! I meant don't tell anyone because it was against the rules, five feet rule remember?"She waved her hand impatiently. "Yeah, yeah, whatever. But hey, you didn't actually... do anything, did you?" She asked nervously and Arkie turn a shade paler."No! We didn't- I- we didn't do anything, I mean-""Hey."She turned around and looked up at Teddy then at the others. "Hey." She responded."Can we talk?""Yeah, sure." She stood up, motioning for him to follow her outside of the Great Hall, leaving the girls to watch them disappear. Soon the two of them were cramped into a small broom closet where they knew they could be alone. There was an awkward silence. "How're you feeling?""Good, good, Madam Pomfrey gave me something for my headaches and the muscle pains go away eventually.""That's good.""Yeah." Arkie looked up at his eyes, remembering the warm golden glow they'd been the night before. "I wanted to thank you, for last night. It helped that you were there.""I just... I didn't want you to be alone.""Thank you."Teddy watched her smile, that kind, beautiful smile that he loved so much. Without thinking he leaned down and kissed her. He started soft, not wanting to do anything she didn't want to. But she pressed harder, her hand going up to brush through his hair. The two had kissed before, but not like that. It was different, more powerful. They wanted to stay in there together, alone, where they didn't have to worry about Umbridge, or the Ministry, or the Order, or whatever was waiting for them outside of school wall. But the sound of students heading to their classes end the moment. "Will I see you at the Dark Arts meeting this afternoon?""Wouldn't miss it for the world.""Make it a powerful memory, the happiest you can remember." Harry said, walking around the class."Expecto Patronum." Teddy said, pointing his wand upwards yet nothing came out. The memory and him attending the Quidditch World Cup with his father and friends didn't seem to cut it.""Allow the memory to fill you up. Keep trying, Teddy." Harry reassured."Expecto Patronum.""A full-bodied Patronus is the most difficult to produce but shield forms can also be equally useful against a variety of opponents." As Harry passed Ginny she whispered the incantation and a misty whitish-blue horse appeared in the air, rearing on its back legs giving a loud neigh."Fantastic, Ginny!" Harry looked giddy with delight, hopping left and right. He looked in his element. "Just remember, your Patronus can only protect you for as long as you stay focused. So focus, Luna."Luna for the fifth time that afternoon was staring off into space and Teddy couldn't help but smile happily. In the Room of Requirement no one seemed to care about Umbridge's decree, in fact it was rather crowded where he was standing. Wisps of light mist were flying up into the air. A little away from him Arkie was staring at the mist flying from her wand tip.There was a giggle and a bright otter was floating around Hermione giving off playful squeaks. Teddy forced himself to concentrate on his own Patronus, racking his brain for another memory. There were a so many to pick from."This is really advanced stuff, guys. You're doing so well."A shining dog burst out of Ron's wand, running around the room and pushing Neville's feet out from under him, making him fall to the ground was a surprised gasp.The first time he met his friends? When his father had given him the adoption papers? The first time he'd seen Arkie, sitting across the Great Hall in their first year after just being sorted. He remembered how, when everyone the Ravenclaw table kept their distance, she had waved at him. Or maybe his night at Yule Ball? When he'd first seen Arkie, gliding down the stairs towards him in her stunning white dress decorated with small lights, like fireflies, her chestnut hair tied up neatly as she looked down at him with her golden flecked eyes. He could still remember the fluttering feeling in his stomach as she had come closer and closer..."Expecto Patronum!"Something big flew out of his wand tip and Teddy had to blink to determine what it was.A large grizzy bear, made completely of silvery mist stared back at him kindly, standing on its back paws. Teddy's eyes widened as he smiled broadly, the memory still clear in his head. As if sensing his wishes, the bear Patronus ran around the room, up into the air and down again. A few students jumped back in surprise and shock at the big animal which had begun to create circles above the students, grunting majestically."Expecto Patronum!"The silvery mist that'd been coming out of Arkie's wand suddenly formed a very small bird, that fluttered around her head before resting on her shoulder. Arkie looked at the small sparrow Patronus in delight, watching as it flew up to join the bear, which playfully swatted it. Teddy and Arkie looked at each other and then back at their Patronus'."Well done, Teddy. Well done, Arkie.""Look out!" Someone shouted and they ducked just in time as Luna's rabbit Patronus zoomed straight over their heads across the room. Arkie let out a giggle.Boom!The silvery animals all evaporated as everyone's attention turned to the strange, low sound that shook the room, causing the chandeliers above them to giggle loudly. The reflective wall, where there had once been a door with vibrating heavily.Boom... Boom... Boom...Harry edged forward, with the young second year, Nigel, right behind him. Everyone's wands were extended and no one dared make any noise louder then a fearful whisper.Boom- Crack!The mirror-like surface was cracking and then... Smash! The glass fell the floor, revealing a dusty stone wall with a small hole in it. Teddy, Hermione, Ron and Arkie protectively stood in front of the crowd of students, as well as Fred and George. On the other side of the small hole stared a furious, yet gleeful, toad-like face and Teddy's heart stopped.In his library, in the cottage on the outskirts of Hogsmeade, Teddy's father had taken an interest in muggle stories. One of these stories, a particular favourite of Teddy's, was 'The Wizard of OZ'.It was about a young girl, called Dorothy, who was transported along with her trusty dog, Toto, to the strange land of OZ, full of Munchkins, living scarecrows, tin-men and terrified lions, as well as the powerful Wizard of OZ himself. But of course, there was the villain of the story. The Wicked Witch of West, described to have long black hair, green skin, a pointed nose, rode a broomstick and had a need to cackle wherever she went. It always used to amuse Teddy how far off the muggle author was from the real thing. The only thing the he'd gotten right was the broomstick.In that moment, as he stood brandishing his wand and staring at that wide, dark eyed face, Teddy knew he'd met his Wicked Witch. And the so-called cackle had been transformed into girly giggle, that sent chills down his spine. "I'll make short work of this." The pink Wicked Witch pointed her unusually short wand at the wall, ignoring at close Harry and Nigel were to it. "Bombarda Maxima.""Ah!" They yelled jumping away from the wall, seconds before it exploded. Bits of rubble flew everywhere, barely missing Teddy's face which he covered with his arm. Once the dust cleared he peered through the even larger hole. Umbridge, followed by Filch and the rest of her Inquisitorial Squad, all consisting of Slytherins, stalked closer, like wolves stalking their prey.Teddy's eyes widened as he noticed Draco Malfoy, holding onto a familiar Ravenclaw girl, Cho Chang. He glanced at Harry, who he knew had, had a crush on the young witch. He looked betrayed. Umbridge was shaking with glee and fury. "Get them!"Teddy took a step in front of Arkie, spreading out his arms defensively. That attracted the attention of Umbridge and she flicked her wand violently. Black cords flew out of the tip, wrapping around Teddy's wrists painfully. He gave a sharp cry. Students began running left and right in panic. "Bring those two." Umbridge order pointing at Teddy and Harry.Teddy didn't even have time to turn around and see if Arkie and the others were okay before he was pushed out of the room.I couldn't help myself, but I knew I had to explain why I chose Teddy's Patronus to be a bear. Now I know a few of you may have thought it kind of funny that I gave Teddy and bear Patronus as it reminds most people of the word 'teddy-bear'. This is not why I chose this Patronus, though it is kind of a coincidence. I was originally going to give Teddy a wolf Patronus, but then I remembered that Remus had a wolf Patronus already and I know the form a Patronus' takes isn't passed down through families, but if formed based of a person's personality traits. So I considered giving Teddy and Maned wolf Patronus (something not a cliche as the typical grey wolf), but I still had doubts about it.Eventually, I dove into some research. I soon learnt that a bear totems were once used to give people the courage to stand up against diversity, which I feel is something Teddy does a lot due to his lycanthropy.Bears also represent, leadership, bravery and love, which are not only some of the key traits that make up Teddy, but are also the type of things he looks for in others.If you want, you can type what Patronus you think some of the characters should've gotten (Including Teddy, Arkie, Harry, Umbridge, etc). It'll be fun and interesting to hear other people's ideas and point of views.

Chapter 17- Goodbye Hogwarts -Teddy and Harry were both shoved into Dumbledore's office by Percy Weasley. Teddy couldn't help but glare at him, but the Weasley didn't meet his eyes. Umbridge followed them inside, chatting so quickly to Fudge it was like she was afraid if she didn't talk quick enough he would stop listening. Behind them were two wizards, one of which Teddy recognised as Kingsley Shacklebolt, part of the Order and uncover in the Ministry. The three of them didn't make eye contact, acting as if they'd never seen him in their lives."Been watching them for weeks." Umbridge blurted. "And see, 'Dumbledore's Army'." Teddy looked down at the list of names of all the members of 'Dumbledore's Army', with Teddy and Harry's names at the top. "Proof of what I've been telling you right from the beginning, Cornelius!" She turned to Dumbledore, shivering with excitement and pride. "All your fear-mongering about You-Know-Who never fooled us for a minute. We saw your lies for what they were: A smokescreen for your bid to seize control of the Ministry.""Naturally." Dumbledore said, leaning against his desk, sarcasm hinted in his tone of voice, yet neither the Minster nor Umbridge seemed to notice."No, professor. He had nothing to do with it. He didn't even know about it-" Teddy said in defense, taking a step forward but Percy pulled him back by the collar of his robes."It was me, I helped to form it, I was the one teaching the students.""Most noble of you boys to shield me," Dumbledore said kindly, Fawkes, his Phoenix squawked, cleaning his feathers and watching the conversation below. "But as has been pointed out the parchment clearly says 'Dumbledore's Army,' not 'Potter's' or 'Lupin's'." His wise eyes shifted back to the Minister and High Inquisitor who were edging closer and closer to him ever so slowly. "I instructed Harry and Teddy to form this organization. And I, and I alone, am responsible for its activities.""No." Teddy hated how Dumbledore was taking the blame for his actions."Dispatch an owl to the Daily Prophet." Fudge ordered. "If we hurry, we should still make the morning edition. Dawlish, Shacklebolt," he motioned to the two wizards behind, all four of them were edging towards the Headmaster like a pack of hungry wolves. "You will escort Dumbledore to Azkaban, to await trial for conspiracy and sedition."Dumbledore gave a small smile and walked behind him desk. "I thought we might hit this little snag. You seem to be laboring under the delusion that I'm going to... What was the phrase? Come quietly." Wands were now pointing in his direction but he barely seemed to notice. "Well, I can tell you this. I have no intention of going to Azkaban.""Enough of this." Umbridge spat. "Take him." Her voice went incredibly high and her dark eyes were wild. Dumbledore shot Harry and Teddy a quick wink and there was a loud cry, as Fawkes flew down from his perch and hovered about Dumbledore in glorious ball of flame and feathers. Dumbledore held his hands up and once they touched the Phoenix, both of them disappeared with a bang!The wizards were all knocked over from the force and once they stood up, they stared around the room. But Dumbledore was gone. Kingsley was panting and gave an impressed sigh. "Well, you may not like him, minister... but you can't deny... Dumbledore has got style."Teddy failed in stopping his lip from curling upwards and Umbridge narrowed her eyes at him in revulsion."Boys and girls are not permitted to be within eight inches of each other...""Those wishing to join the Inquisitorial Squad for extra credit...""Students will be submitted to questioning about suspected illicit activities...""Any student in noncompliance will be expelled..."Umbridge, the new Headmistress' of Hogwarts', voice echoed through the corridors as students walked miserably to classes. Hundreds of them, especially those who'd been part of Dumbledore's Army, had thick bandages wrapped around their hands. None of them spoke or even glanced at each other. The once magical and unique school had been turned into a dull, quiet prison.Teddy had never seen so many sad faces in his life and felt sorry for all the students as he lifted the last of his luggage up the stairs from the dungeon and carried them towards the entrance of the school. His hand ached after his latest, and hopefully last, punishment from Professor Umbridge. Instead of the long sentences he'd had to write before, only one word decorated his scarred hand. 'Half-breed'.He wondered if the scars would ever faded, or would his hand permanently be marked by the word?"You weren't planning on leaving without saying goodbye were you?" He turned around. Arkie was walking from the front door towards him. She gave him a small, sad smile. "It's not fair... it's not fair she expelled you and not any of us."Teddy put down his belongings and touched his hand to Arkie's face, which she leaned into, taking a slow calming breath at his touch. "I think we all knew this would happened eventually, it was only a matter of time.""What about your OWLs?""There are more important things than an exams..." He kissed her softly on the lips, feeling her lean forward for more, yet he stepped away. He couldn't stay. "Just, don't tell Hermione I said that." He joked, tried to lighten the mood but she just nodded silently."Are you going back to the Order?""Yeah, I'll be staying there with Sirius, hopefully Dad will be able to drop in occasionally.""I'm going to miss you."He put his arms around her, staring up at the grey sky. "I will to. I just... I can't believe there's no safe way I can hear from you."Arkie straightened and her hand dug into her robe pocket. "Actually... I wanted to give this back to you." She pulled out a familiar blank sheet of parchment."The Marauders Map.""So, if you ever need to see me." She offered it to him and he gently took it."Thank you."There was a cough from the school entrance and Teddy looked at the crowd of students watching them. Harry, Ron and Hermione stood at the front, behind them was Fred, George, Neville, Luna, Seamus, Dean and even Hagrid. They all smiled warmly, but Teddy could see the sadness in their eyes. "We came to see yeh off." Hagrid said."Aw, thanks guys." He said, wiping a tear from his eye. "I'm sorry I can't stay, and I'm sorry you have to stay in this awful place.""We'll be fine, see you in the holidays?""Yeah, I'll see you all then."Grunting slightly from the weight of his things, Teddy walked down to the train station. The empty train waited patiently for him, yet he stopped to take one last look up at the school. For a second he could almost imagine that everything was back to normal and he was simply going on an early vacation, but the minute he sat down in his empty compartment and watched the school grow smaller and smaller in the distance, he could ignore the feeling of loss in the pit of his stomach.It'd crossed his mind that he might never get to walk through the halls of Hogwarts ever again...

Chapter 18- Groping Chains -The next few days Teddy spent hidden inside the cramped house in Grimmauld Place became very repetitive and he felt sorry for Sirius who'd been on house arrest for over a year. Everyday he'd wake up, get changed and walk down the hall to the dining room for breakfast, ignoring Kreacher who shot him dark looks whenever he passed and would constant grumble, "Half-breed scum. If my mistress knew... oh what would she do to poor old Kreacher?"He would spend the morning with his godfather, which was actually okay because they enjoyed each others company. Sirius had a lot of fun stories to tell about his father's and their time in Hogwarts and for a few brief minutes a day, Teddy could forget about his worries. The two would then get to work, ridding the house of the strange objects and pest-like creatures that'd taken residence there, trying to make the whole place more inhabitable.They'd spent an entire afternoon riding the upstairs curtains of Doxies, which wasn't as enjoyable as it sounded. One of the small biting fairies had nicked his ear, not very hard, but it had still hurt. Then he would go upstairs to his room and check the Marauders Map. Through his years at Hogwarts Teddy had begun to not only memorize his own timetable but Arkie's too. So he knew when and where she go during the day.He wished with all his heart that he could be there. Every now and then he would watch Arkie line up with hundreds of other students who would, one by one, walk into Umbridge's office. His scarred hand would ball up as he guessed what they were doing. All he wanted to do was to comfort her, reassure her that he was still watching, trying to see if she was okay. But there was nothing he could do. He was expelled and officially banned from Hogwart's grounds.After a good hour or so of staring at the map, he would join his godfather downstairs for homeschooling. Sirius wasn't an expert in many subjects and wasn't an amazing teacher like his father, but the two were able to have fun, practicing the spells Teddy had learnt in Harry's lessons and occasionally trying something new. Sirius was impressed when Teddy showed off his fully corporal Patronus. "The apple doesn't fall far from the tree." He had said, watching the silver bear before it disappeared."What do you mean?""Well your father was always a talented dueler, guess he passed that on to you.""You mean as well as his good looks." Teddy said with a smirk to which Sirius had laughed at.Occasionally his dad would drop by but sometimes other witches and wizards would also come to check in on them. Tonks had made a few appearances every now and then and Teddy always enjoyed her company. Along with Sirius, the two would make him laugh so hard he once accidentally snorted his glass of milk.Mad-Eye Moody also dropped in quite frequently which Teddy had mixed feelings about.It was always very awkward for him whenever he was forced to be in the same room as the scarred Auror. He always remembered that night in the Dark Forest the year before, of course the Moody back then had been an impostor, but still couldn't shake the memory away. He constantly tried to hide how uncomfortable he was, but nothing got past Moody.One day, when Moody joined them for breakfast, constantly eyeing Teddy with his magical eye, he asked how his training with Sirius was going. "It's good." He'd responded."You learnt anything new?"Sirius leaned back in his seat. "No, not quite. I'm afraid I'm not the best teacher.""Don't say that, you've been great fun." Teddy said quickly and Sirius smiled but Moody grumbled."Sure it's all fun and games. Honestly, Sirius you must find this boy a teacher.""Well what do you want me to do? I can't just invite a tutor here, Mad-Eye."Moody had taken one more bite of his toast before turning around in his seat to face Teddy, who refused to make eye contact and stared down at his porridge. "I can teach him a thing or two. Let's see what you can do.""Huh?" Teddy was confused, having only half paid attention to the conversation. "Do what?""Magic. Sirius has t heard from Sirius you are quite an extraordinary dueler.""Well I wouldn't say I'm an extraordinary dueler...""Let me be the judge of that." He'd grunted standing up.Soon the two were standing in one of the large rooms upstairs. Sirius was downstairs cleaning up the dining room. Moody limped over to Teddy, his metal foot landing heavily on the wooden floorboards. "Now, are you familiar with the Knockback Jinx?""Yes, I am.""You can look me in the eye boy, it's rude to not look someone in the eye."Teddy quickly looked up at Moody, but he wasn't looking at him anymore, he was staring at the empty cupboard in front of them. "Why don't you give it go?" He pointed to the cupboard. "Don't be nervous.""Flipendo!" The cupboard was push backwards, almost falling over and scrapping the floor."Good. Don't flick your wand so much, quick movements." Moody said as he inspected Teddy with his electric blue eye."Flipendo!""Quicker! By now your opponent could've already disarmed you and tied you up in the corner."Ever since that day Moody seemed to consider himself Teddy's personal Dark Arts professor. He'd set him homework and when he visited he expected to see an improvement from their last lesson. It was an understatement to describe his lessons as intense, but Teddy seemed to gain a little more respect for the Auror each day.Despite his filterless attitude and little patience Moody was actually a decent teacher and by the end of the week Teddy had perfected the Mending Charm as well as the Full-Body Binding Curse. It became less awkward when he visited and Moody watched as boy went from not meeting his eyes, to hanging on to his every word."Morning." Sirius said one morning, greeting Teddy who was already dressed and preparing himself a quick snack. The Marauders Map was blank and folded up on the table."Morning." He replied. "Is Dad or Moody visiting today?""I don't know. Why do you ask?" Sirius said, walking to the fridge and pulling out a carton of orange juice."Just wondering, there's a Boggart in the upstairs wardrobe. I thought that maybe they'd like to take care of it.""I can give it a go." Sirius suggested."Nah it's fine. My Dad's taught me how to deal with them, I'll get it."Sirius nodded, drinking straight from the carton as Teddy took the stairs two at a time. The Boggart infested wardrobe was shaking violently and it reminded him of his first lesson with his father. He remembered watching the Boggart shift into a giant killer wasp, which was a surprise to everyone who thought it would become the full moon like it did with his father.The story behind the wasp was actually quite a funny one, though maybe not have been funny at the time. He'd gotten back to the orphanage after his first year at Hogwarts and was unaware that a giant wasp nest had grown under his bed. By far the worst night of his entire life.Teddy gave a determined look at the wardrobe, ready to show the big ugly wasp what he was made of. He flicked his wand and the wardrobe creaked up. He expected to hear the familiar buzzing of wasp wings but there was only silence. He took a few steps forward, peering into the black insides of the wardrobe. A low clanking noise echoed from inside, like metal on metal."Um... hello?" He said wearily, then screamed.Something had reached out at him, like big heavy brown tentacles, reaching for his feet and arms. He fell back in surprise, scurrying away from the Boggart on all fours. The noise was growing louder and his heart raced as one of the cold, dirty tentacles wrapped around his ankle. That's when he realized that it wasn't really a tentacle, but a long chain, much like the ones back in Hogwart's dungeon.He let out another scream and heard Sirius calling out his name from downstairs. More chains reached out from inside the wardrobe, groping at him. "Riddikulus!" Nothing happened, he couldn't think of anything remotely funny. "Riddikulus! Riddikulus! Riddikulus!" Still nothing.Sirius burst through the door and saw the chains reaching out for his godson. "Riddikulus!" He cried out and the chains turned to long, colourful balloons that fell to the ground and floated back into the wardrobe which Sirius shut quickly. "Teddy, are you alright?""Yeah... Yeah, I'm fine.""What happened?""It got the jump on me that's all..." Teddy stared at the shaking wardrobe. "Sirius... do you mind if we don't tell Dad about this?" He panted, his big green eyes pleading."Sure, kiddo." Sirius said, putting a kind hand on his shoulder.

I'm so sorry this took so long. Hope you enjoy!Chapter 19- ! -Ever since he was attacked by the Boggart, Teddy had been worryingly quiet. He hadn't joined Sirius for dinner that night and when Sirius walked to his room, carrying a plate of leftovers, he found him asleep on his desk, his head resting on the Marauders Map. By the morning Teddy seemed to be back to normal, or at least he tried to be. He smiled when Sirius spoke to him, practiced his spells obediently and helped with cleaning up the house. But he barely said a word for the entire day.He spent the whole of the day reading, curling up in one of the armchairs beside the unlit fireplace. But Sirius began to notice he'd been staring at that same page for over ten minutes. "Hey, kiddo." He said, sitting down in the armchair beside him. Teddy looked up, his face casual but his eyes distant. "I think we should talk.""About what?""About what happened yesterday, with the Boggart."Teddy didn't flinch or reach little Sirius had expected he would. Instead he closed his book, resting it on his lap and looked his godfather straight in the eye. "It got the jump on me.""I know that but... I know what Umbridge did to you and I probably should've talked to you about it earlier.""I'm fine." Teddy shrugged, still looking at Sirius."As your godfather I want you to know that I'm here if you ever want to talk." He continued."Alright." Teddy said, his chest tightening, but there wasn't any emotion in his voice. Sirius gave him a short sideways hug which Teddy quietly leaned into. "I'm just going upstairs." He said once they were done and slowly climbed the stairs, walked down the corridor and shut his bedroom door behind him. He threw himself on his bed, letting out a quavery breath and rubbing his eyes. His chest felt tight as he bottled up all his emotions.He wished he could talk to his dad, but he knew he would have to explain why the Boggart transformed into chains and he didn't want to deal with his anger, nor did he want anyone else asking him if he was alright, he was tired of being asked that. Slowly he got up and walked to his desk. "I solemnly swear I'm up to no good."He searched the map for Arkie's name and finally found it in... Umbridge's office. She was in there along with Umbridge herself, Harry, Hermione, Ron, Neville, Luna, Ginny and members of Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad. What were they all doing in there? He watched as Umbridge, Harry and Hermione suddenly walked out of the office together, leaving the others surrounded by Draco and his gang.All three of them trudged down to the Dark Forest and disappeared off the map entirely. His green eyes shifted back to the names still in Umbridge's office. The names had begun to move ever so slightly, sometimes going on top of each other and occasionally backing away into the corner. "What's going on?" He muttered in worry. He didn't know how long he'd been sitting their before the names of Arkie, Ron, Neville, Luna and Ginny ran out of the office, meeting Harry and Hermione on the bridge, Umbridge was no longer with them.They stood there talking for a few minutes before running to the edge of the Dark Forest. His head was spinning as they began to move over the map quicker than he thought possible. They walked straight over the map and through the walls... no that couldn't be right. They were flying? But how? Were they using brooms? And where were they going?He leaned over the map, so much that his chair slid out from under him and he ungracefully slipped, catching himself on the desk at the last minute. He stood up, but all seven of their names were gone. Suddenly, his eyes flicked over to the Dark Arts Professor's office where a new name had shifted across the paper. He squinted his eyes. The sun had begun to set making the room even darker than usual. "Lumos." He said and the tip of his wand lit up the page.Teddy started at the name, Severus Snape, standing by Umbridge's fireplace.Suddenly, there was a commotion downstairs and he could hear his godfather's surprised voice. Abandoning the map, Teddy ran out of his bedroom and down to the dining room. "Sirius- Professor Snape?" Snape's head had appeared in the fireplace.Usually, Teddy would've laughed at this, it truly was a funny sight but the look on the Potion Master's face silence him. "Close your mouth Mr Lupin or it might stay that way forever." The Professor's head ordered in a no-nonsense tone. Teddy's mouth snapped shut in responce."I hope there's a good reason why you've decided to pop in, Snivellus." Sirius said, leaning against a chair."I came to make sure that you were here.""Well, here I am."Snape didn't seem at all pleased by that. "Why'd you feel the need to check?" Teddy asked apprehensively."Mr Potter suspects you are being held at the Department of Mysteries by You-Know-Who." Snape's head turned back to Sirius."The Department of Mysteries? Like at the Ministry?" Teddy asked, though neither of the men looked at him.The shaggy haired man straightened. "Harry? But I've been here the whole time... where is he?""I haven't yet been able to track him and his friends down-""They're not at Hogwarts." Teddy interrupted. "At least, not anymore. I saw them on the Marauders Map, I don't know how but I know they all left together. They may be there already.""I'll make sure to warn the Order" Sirius said just before Snape's head disappeared from within the flames that quickly died out."Are you going after them?" He asked watching Sirius walk over to the table to grab his wand."After I warn the other Order members, yes.""Then I'm coming with you-""No!" Sirius replied quickly, spinning around. Teddy opened his mouth but Sirius cut in quickly. "Your father wouldn't want you in danger. Just stay here... Teddy you're just going to have to trust me, I promise I will return with your friends and your godbrother." Teddy blinked and before he could open his eyes, Sirius had apparated. The kitchen was quiet, and Teddy rolled his wand around in his palm in frustration."Stay here..." he mumbled Sirius' words, shaking his head. "Yeah right." His hand dove into the small bucket of Floo Powder beside the fireplace, which he climbed into, crouching slightly to avoid hitting his head. He held his full hand out in front of him. "Ministry of Magic!" He said clearing, through the ash-like powder down and wincing at his vision was filled with bright green flames.

Chapter 20- The Department of Mysteries -Teddy had never been inside the Ministry of Magic before but when he arrived, walking out of the green flames of one of the many fireplaces, that place was completely empty as it was well past working hours. He stared at the long, black bricked halls. A huge golden fountain stood nearby with large statues of wizards, witches, goblins, centaurs and house elves standing majestically on it. Underneath them were small human figures, trying to avoid behind crushed by the large feet of the statues. Muggles.The sight made him feel sick but then he remembered why he was here. He remembered Harry explaining his trial and how he had seen the door to the Department of Mysteries on the ninth floor. He turned around on the spot and finally caught sight of an old-fashioned styled elevator. He jumped inside, his finger hitting the number nine and then gripping the sides of the elevator and it quickly dropped.Teddy's heart raced as if came to a stop so suddenly he fell to the floor, before quickly picking himself up. "Level nine." A female's voice said and the doors opened, revealing a long black corridor, at the end was a dark wooden door. The silence was deafening and he jumped as the elevator closed behind him. He looked back at the door which he realized was gaping slightly open. The other must've already been inside.Reflexively, he pulled out his wand from where it'd been half tucked into the top of his jeans.Every step he took echoed off the cold walls and his suddenly wished he'd brought a jumper. His hand pushed the door fully open and he hesitantly walked inside.Bang!It shut behind him, and he was surrounded in total darkness. "Lumos." He whispered and once he was able to see he stared at the hundreds of shelves around him, that stretched up further than the eye could see. On the shelves were hundreds of thousands of small misty glass balls, each one with a small name tag around it.He leaned in to read one of the name tags but then he saw another light, coming from further in the maze of shelves. Without thinking he ran forward, his footsteps loud and quick. He didn't know why but he didn't call out their names. Maybe he was too afraid to. The light grew bigger and bigger and..."Stupefy!""Wait!"He ducked just in time, his head barely missing a blast that hit one of the shelves behind him, exploding two of the small orb-like balls. He let out an exhilarated gasp and stared up at the others. Arkie had her wand pointed at where his head had been, her mouth open in surprise and shock. "Teddy?""Arkie!"She ran forward and embraced him. "What are you doing here?""I'm here to find you. What are you doing here?" He asked, though he already knew the answer."Voldemort, he has Sirius." Harry said and Teddy winced at the Dark Lord's name."No he doesn't." He said gently but Harry brushed him off."Teddy, I saw him. I had a vision, I saw Voldemort-" Teddy winced again at the name. "- torturing Sirius, right here. He wanted him to get him something. He was right here." The dark haired boy turned around as if expecting to see Sirius lying against one of the shelves."Harry," he continued gently. "He's not here. He was back at Headquarters with me, that's why I'm here, to tell you that."Harry once again brushed him off, not processing what he'd said. "No, he's here. I know it.""Harry." Ron murmured, facing one of the shelves and pointing at one of the glass balls. "It's got your name on it." The ball seemed to glow in Harry's presence, who took a few steps closer. Everything was silent again as he glanced wearily back at the others who didn't say anything. Teddy watched as he picked up the ball that looked to filled with smoke. Suddenly, a raspy voice whispered from inside the smoke."The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches." It croaked slowly. "And the Dark Lord shall mark him as his equal... but he shall have power the Dark Lord knows not." It went quiet as if taking a silent breath before continuing. "For neither can live while the other survives."Teddy put his arm around Arkie as they listened but then he saw something out of the corner of his eye. He turned his head ever so slightly and gasped. "Harry."He stared a tall man, dressed in dark robes, his face covered with a metal Death Eater's mask, strode towards them silently. Teddy didn't even notice as Harry pushed in front of him, gripping the ball and pointing his wand. "Where's Sirius?" He demanded, the tip of his wand quivering in his unsteady grip and Teddy took a half-step forward but stopped when Arkie grabbed his arm."You know," the Death Eater began, his voice metallic from behind the mask. "You really should learn to tell the difference between dreams... and reality." The Death Eater flicked his wand and the metal mask evaporated in a black mist, revealing his face. Teddy stared at Lucius Malfoy but wasn't surprised. Harry had claimed to have seen him the graveyard the year before when Voldemort has risen. "You saw only what the Dark Lord wanted you to see."Teddy's grip tightened on his wand. "Now," Lucius growled darkly. "Hand me the prophecy." Teddy glanced down at Harry's hand, gripping the ball."If you do anything to us, I'll break it." Harry spat and there was a high pitched giggle from behind Lucius."He knows how to play." A lean woman, with pale skin and a mass of curly dark hair walked mockingly towards them. "Itty, bitty baby. Potter."Teddy could sense Neville tensing behind him. "Bellatrix Lestrange.""Neville Longbottom, is it? How's Mum and Dad?" She asked with a sly grin."Better, now they're about to be avenged-" Neville ran forward but Teddy got his way, yanking out of Arkie's grip and wrapping his arms around Neville to stop him from raising his wand. Bellatrix raised her wand threateningly and Lucius held up his hands."Now, let's everybody just calm down... shall we?" He spoke softly. "All we want is that prophecy." He pointed to the misty orb.Harry glared at the two of them and Teddy slowly let go of Neville once he sure he wouldn't do anything stupid. "Why did Voldemort need Harry to come and get it?" He asked, unable to hold back his curiosity.Bellatrix straightened as if just noticing Teddy's presence. Her eyes glinted with anger. "You dare speak his name?" She whispered before exploding. "You filthy half-breed!"Now Teddy began taking a few steps forward, only to be pulled back by Arkie's strong grip again.Lucius barely looked at him and continued to stare at the prophecy in Harry's hand. "It's all right. He's just a curious lad, aren't you? Prophecies can only be retrieved by those about whom they are made. Which is lucky for you, Potter."Teddy jumped slightly as he noticed more figures wearing metal masks were standing in between the shelves, walking ever so slowly towards them. The other began to notice them to and soon all eight of them had formed a circle, wands at the ready, but the Death Eaters showed no fear as they drew closer and closer."Haven't you always wondered... what was the reason for the connection between you and the Dark Lord?" Lucius said, his voice manipulative and sinister. "Why he was unable to kill you... when you were just an infant? Don't you want to know the secret of your scar? All the answers are there, Potter, in your hand." Harry stared down at prophecy and looked up to find Lucius only a few steps away from his. "All you have to do... is give it to me. Then I can show you everything."Teddy's breath quickened but he didn't dare speak, instead his hand opened, searching for Arkie's until he finally found it."I've waited 14 years." Harry whispered.Lucius gave an fake empathetic look. "Oh, I know."Harry went silent then looked back up at the white haired man. "I guess I can wait a little longer. Now!""Stupefy!" They all shouted at once, flicking their wands. Some of the Death Eaters were sent flying back, others jumped out of the way."Let's go!" Teddy yelled even though the room was silent. They all ran between the tight shelves, their wands still lit. But there path was blocked by a large clouds of dark shadows, the shadows soon took the form of Lucius Malfoy, his hand outstretched. They all ran down another path and Teddy felt Arkie's hand slip from his.He turned around but was all alone. "Arkie! Harry! Hermione! Ron!" He cried out.There was a rustling sound and was face to face with terrifying masked figure. "Stupefy!" He shouted and the masked figure was shot backwards. He gave a triumphant laugh turning around and grunting as a Death Eater's fist collided with his jaw. He tasted blood and touched the area were his lip had split before trying to stand up. "Stupid half-breed!" The man growled. "Thinking that you can stand against us. Should've just stayed in the forest where animals like you belong!"The man raised his foot, aiming for Teddy's wand that had flung from his hand. But he grabbed it just in time. "Stupefy!" He shouted but the man flicked his spell away, a prophecy smashed sharply."Petrificus Totalus!" The man froze and fell to the floor as stiff as a board. Arkie ran towards Teddy, helping him up. "You okay?""Babe, you have never been sexier." He remarked and she grinned in response, but the distant sound of a prophecy smashing and spells being casted snapped them out of their quite trance. They ran towards the sound and Arkie screamed in fright as they collided with the others. They all turned around as five wizards, as in a black smoke-like form, flew towards them."Reducto!" Ginny cried and a bright ball of light struck the wizards. Teddy covered his eyes until the light was gone. Everything was silent.But soon he picked up the sound of distant smashing. Prophecies had begun to fall off the shelves, along with the shelves themselves. The wave of glass was coming towards them. "Get back to the door!" Harry yelled and they all ran. Teddy's legs ached but he forced them to keep moving, to keep running. The door was ahead of them. They were so close."Alohomora!"The door flung open and he gasped as he ran through and his feet touched nothing. His heart rose to his throat as he fell into the black abyss.

Chapter 21- The Stone Archway -Teddy gasped as he came to a sudden stop, floating in the air just above the stone ground. Around him the others did they same before they all landed on the hard floor. "Oof!" He looked up. The door had shut above them, yet his ears still rung with the sound of glass shattering. "Arkie." He stood up, quickly running to her side."Department of Mysteries. They got that bit right, didn't they?" Ron groaned.Arkie coughed, wiping the dust of her pants. Her long chestnut hair was knotted and had fallen out of the clip that'd earlier held it up. Her golden eyes moved from the door above, to Teddy and then to the large mysterious archway in the center of the round room. Teddy followed her gaze and stared at the archway. Inside seemed to be a white cloth that blew in the nonexistent breeze.But it was the whispering, of hundreds of voices, that made the hair on the back of his neck rise."The voices." harry said, edging towards the archway, the prophecy still glowing in his hand. "Do you hear them?""There aren't any voices, Harry." Hermione said fearfully."Yes," Teddy said over the top of her. All eyes moved between the two boys. He too had begun to walk towards the archway in a trance-like state. "Can you tell what they're saying?""We should get out of here." Arkie breathed."I hear them too." Luna murmured, standing beside Teddy.Hermione looked at them, then at the archway. "It's just an empty archway. Please, guys we have to go."There was a bang and Harry spun around, pointing his wand to the door they'd come through. "Get behind me!"They all did, forming a small group beside the archway, their wands pointing upwards. Smoke burst from the door and flew towards them. Teddy tried to fire on one of them but they all hit them at once and soon all he could see was black. Something yanked on his arm, pulling him away from the group at a terrifying speed. His wand had been taken away and when he opened his eyes he found it pressed up against his neck.He glanced at the Death Eater holding him, it was the same man who Arkie had paralyzed earlier. He stared up at the archway where Harry was standing, untouched. Everyone else was being held by the Death Eaters. Teddy fought against the man, who he recognised as one of the wizards that'd recently been freed from Azkaban, Antonin Dolohov."Did you actually believe," Lucius said slyly, his eyes watching Harry the way a cat watches a mouse, hungry and teasing. "Or were you truly naive enough to think..o that children." he almost spat the word. "Stood a chance against us? I'll make this simple for you, Potter. Give me the prophecy now... or watch your friends die."Teddy felt Dolohov press his wand closer against his neck, making it harder to breath."Don't give it to him, Harry!" Neville shouted, but Bellatrix shushed him. Harry stared down at the prophecy in his hand, looking between it, Lucius and his friends. Teddy tried to send a silent message with his eyes but he knew Harry wouldn't listen. Eventually, the boy put the orb into Lucius' hand, who held it up in pride.But then something appeared behind him and Teddy watched the bright white smoke, just like the Death Eater's smoke, form into a familiar dark hair wizard. Lucius turned around in surprise. "Get away from my godson." Sirius growled, punching Lucius so he fell over. The prophecy flew from his hand and smashed on the hard stone.Suddenly, another beam of bright smoke flew down towards them. It flew across the room, throwing back one of the Death Eaters and flying towards Bellatrix who also turned into black smoke and dodged the attack. Teddy watched as the bright smoke landed beside the archway, forming a familiar pink-haired witch, Tonks.More streams of white smoke landed around the room. Teddy sighed in relief, ignoring how sharp his own wand was being pressed against his throat, as one of the smoked-figures turned into his father. "Dad!" He called out happily.Remus spun around and watched as his son drove his elbow into Dolohov's gut. The Death Eater growled in pain, dropping Teddy's wand which he quickly snatched up. Dolohov pulled out his wand flicking at Teddy, but Remus sent a Protection charm to stop it. Dolohov then fired as Sirius and Harry who were crouching by the archway.Remus fired again at him but he had turned into black smoke and was out of range in second. He ran to his son who was crouching next to a large makeshift boulder. "Teddy! What are you doing here?""I came to- look out!" Red sparks flew from Teddy's wand, stunning the Death Eater that'd been running their way."Take care of the others and get out of here!" Remus shouted. Loud cracks echoed around the room and Teddy winced at the sound."No way, I'm staying with you!" Teddy yelled as an invisible force threw him backwards against the wall. When he opened his eyes his vision was slightly blurred. His father was duelling a female Death Eater on the other side of the room. A loud cackle came from above and he saw Bellatrix's smoke being chased by Tonks."Reducto!" His spell missed her by an inch. Another loud crack made his ears pop and he ran towards Sirius and Harry who were confronted by Lucius Malfoy and Dolohov in front of the archway."Watch it Teddy!" Mad-Eye growled, throwing his staff down on the ground and sending a Death Eater flying. Teddy had no time to thank him as he kept on running towards his godfather and godbrother. Finally he close enough."Flipendo!" He shouted and Dolohov spun away."Thank you, Teddy!" Sirius cheered returning to the duel. Teddy ran to join them but then saw his father fighting off two Death Eaters in the corner. He turned to his godfather, then to his father and finally ran to Remus' side."Expelliarmus!" He yelled, disarming one of them.Crack!Remus flicked his wand expertly. Moody had been right, his father was a gifted dueler. The two face each other, Remus looking tired and Teddy looking exhilarated. "Avada Kedavra!"Teddy had only heard those two words twice before. The first in the fake Moody's Dark Arts lessons and the second when he witnessed the death of Barty Crouch. He spun around trying to find who had shot the spell. A green light flashed from Bellatrix's wand, striking Sirius who winced in surprise. Teddy stared as Sirius stumbled backwards, looked at Harry... and sighed... falling into the archway... and disappearing... forever.Harry ran forward, only to be held back by Remus. He screamed, kicked and tried to get to the archway, calling out Sirius' name.But Teddy's feet were rooted in place. He couldn't move. He couldn't breath. He couldn't hear anything. It was as if someone had pressed mute and time itself had slowed down. Images flashed in his mind. It was like he was flipping through a photo album.Sirius and him duelling in the upstairs room. Him insisting to help out in the kitchen due to Sirius' lack of cooking skills. How he'd fended off the Boggart then hugged him by the fireplace. Them snorting on their butterbeer.Sirius' intoxicating laugh filled his ears and suddenly everything sped up again. Harry was running out of the room after Bellatrix. Remus stood by the archway, staring into it. He took a step forward but his legs gave out from under him. Something caught him by his t-shirt, pulling him back on his feet. Moody was at his side, deflecting spells from the Death Eaters. "T-thanks." He managed to get out. "He's gone..."

Chapter 22- Something Worth Fighting For -Teddy didn't know when he had regained enough strength to run after Harry. He called out his name but Harry barely seemed to hear him. "Harry!" He yelled as they somehow ended up back in the large hall, with the majestic golden fountain nearby."Crucio!" He watched Harry thrust his wand and Bellatrix fall to the ground in a split second of pain.Teddy's mouth opened but nothing come out, he stopped dead in his tracks watching Harry point his wand at Bellatrix, his finger white from gripping the wood. Everything was quiet. "Don't do it Harry-" He stopped mid-sentence as a shadow figure appeared behind Harry. The figure was tall, wore a black cloak, a bald head and slits for a nose. His pulse quickened and he once again went rigid."You know the spell, Harry." Voldemort whispered in Harry's ear. "Do it.""No, Harry-" Teddy began but the Dark Lord hissed, spinning around and throwing him back with his hand. Teddy collided with the wall and heard the sound of the black bricks cracked. Something warm trickled down his forehead into his left eye. He blinked but could barely see, all noises came to him in strange echos."So weak... weak... weak..." Voldemort's voice echoed."It was foolish of you to come here tonight, Tom... Tom... Tom..." Dumbledore's voice said. "The Aurors are on their way... way... way...""By which time I shall be gone, and you... you... you... shall be dead... dead... dead..."He tried to clear his head but it hurt to move it. His foggy vision was filled with colourful flashes. Green. Blue. Red. White. He covered his ears and closed his eyes, unable to handle the loud cracking sounds. When he opened his eyes everything was back to normal. Sand was covered the floor along with glass and burning bits of fabric from the large banner of Minister of Magic. The golden fountain was in pieces and the Dark Lord himself was staring at Dumbledore with pure hatred.Then he was gone. Teddy watched as sudden Harry doubled over in pain. He tried to get up but pain shot through his chest. He opened his mouth to speak but his voice failed him and instead he let out a silent rough grunt. Harry was squirming on the ground, Dumbledore crouching beside him. They were too far away to hear but suddenly others ran running into the room. Two of them ran to Teddy's side, one of them was Moody the the other was his father."Dad..." He croaked, forcing himself on his feet, leaning on the wizard.Suddenly the air felt funny and above Harry formed the shadowy figure of Lord Voldemort. He stared down at the helpless Harry. "You're a fool, Harry Potter. And you will lose everything."Green flames sprouted from the hundreds of fireplaces in the hall and Fudge jumped when he saw the Dark Lord. He inhaled sharply and Voldemort looked at the wizards and witches watching him, before disappearing into thin air.Fudge's bottom lip quivered with fear. "He's back.""Teddy!" Arkie cried excitedly. Her chestnut hair had been washed and perfectly restyled, a large cloth bandaged was wrapped around her arm but she smiled casually. Teddy still had a few bruises but didn't wince as she hugged him tightly. "I wasn't expecting to see you here!""Thought I might as well join you on the trip back to Platform Nine and Three Quarters, make up for loss time. Dad and Tonks are gonna meet us there. Hey guys.""Hey, Teddy." They all said. Teddy picked up Arkie's trunk, walking beside them towards the train."So why's Tonks going to be there?" Arkie asked, raising her eyebrow.Teddy shrugged in response. "Don't know. It's weird, she's been visiting us quite often now.""Really?" She said slyly and Teddy looked at her, confused."What?""Oh, nothing."They all continued trudging towards the familiar red steam train."I've been thinking about something Dumbledore said to me." Harry said as they walked.Teddy smiled brightly, looking at Harry. "What's that?"That even though we've got a fight ahead of us, we've got one thing that Voldemort doesn't have." Students walked past them, carrying their belongings"Yeah?""Something worth fighting for."To be continued...

Out of all the Harry Potter books I've never been a huge fan of the Half Blood Prince, it's where things start to get really dark from the characters.But that doesn't mean I'm not excited to start writing. Hope you all enjoy! Don't forget to leave some comments.PrologueTeddy laid on the hammock hanging from the beams of his ceiling, holding up a copy of the Daily Prophet. The front page covered with a picture of Harry. "Harry Potter: The Chosen One?" Was written above the large moving image in bold. But he wasn't looking at it, instead he was reading a smaller story tucked into the bottom right corner. "Malfoy Sentenced To Azkaban". Below were two small pictures, one of Lucius Malfoy holding up his inmate ID and another of Nacissa and Draco Malfoy walking out of the courtroom. Draco had a distant look in his eyes, while Narcissa's were puffy from crying.Teddy looked at the two photos, almost feeling sorry for the two. He flicked through the pages, but met no better news. "Giants Destroy Muggle Town", "Muggle Bridge Torn Apart By Death Eaters", "Fudge Resigns As Minister For Magic", "Muggle-Born Killed Outside of Diagon Alley"."Werewolf Pack Leader Revolts! World War Werewolf? (Turn to page 12)".He turned to the page, his eyes flicking across the fine print.'London Werewolf pack leader, Fenrir Greyback, convicted of numerous crimes across London, was spotted aiding Death Eaters in destroying half of the buildings in Diagon Alley and was last seen and kidnapping wand-maker and seller, Garrick Olivander. A few days earlier all of Greyback's known pack members disappeared. Werewolf prejudice has grown, leading to more and more Werewolf revolts and disappearances. Early last Monday morning, Aurors were forced to break up and arrest Werewolf, Quinton Harrison, for attacking a Pureblood wizard in a muggle-crowded area-'There was a smashing noise in the corridor and crinkling up the newpaper, Teddy casually jumped off his hammock, looking out into the second floor hall. Tonks was crouched down, attempting to pick up the broken shards of a vase that'd once been propped on a nearby table. "Sorry." She said, her bubble-gum pink hair going a shade lighter with embarrassment."It's okay, let me help."He bent down, scooping up some of the shards. Tonks and his father had begun dating a few months ago, which Teddy had happily supported. He liked Tonks, she was fun, supportive and easy to talk to. She was like the mother he never got to meet. But she was also a bit of a ticking time bomb and Teddy had to make sure to keep all of his most fragile possessions out of her way. "Is Dad downstairs?""Yes, we just got back.""So how was it, the meeting?"The Order had, had little time to celebrate their win at the Battle of the Department of Mysteries and instead were busier than ever. Remus had given up trying to convince Fenrir and his pack and was order by Dumbledore to stay out of the forest when Greyback was seen aiding a group of Death Eaters. "Same as always." She sighed. "Gaining followers has been a big fail.""Well, if it helps at all, two more years and I'll be able to join the Order." She smiled but they both new that a war had begun and Teddy knew that there may not be a world to save in two years time. "I'll take these to the bin." He said, scooping up the shards and walking down the hall. "Hey, Dad." He greeted as he passed his farther in the kitchen. He'd been leaning over the Daily Prophet, not noticing Teddy coming down the stairs."Hey, Ted." He put on a warm smile. "Was that another vase I heard smashing up there?""This is why we can't have nice things anymore." He replied comically and Remus' mood brightened slightly more. "I'm just taking these to the bin." He opened the door, walking outside to the bin. The shards gave a sharp clattering noise as they hit the bottom of the bin.Smack!Something had flown past his head barely missing it. He looked at the mud-stained window then at the thrower. A group of kids were laughing loudly, pointing. "Freak!" One of them shouted and tossed another mudball but Teddy quickly unsheathed his wand from his belt and swiped quickly. The mudball stopped midair and then flew backwards towards it thrower who spat out the mud in discussed. Teddy watched as they all ran away. "Just stay away from us!"He wanted to shout something back like, 'Nothing would make me happier!' But he instead he just turned around walking back towards the door. He twisted the door handle and the door creaked open slightly. He heard whispering and hesitated."Maybe he should just stay here, Remus?" Tonks whispered. "I mean... with everything that's happening-""With everything that's happening Hogwarts is the safest place for Teddy. And now that Dumbledore is Headmaster again I know he'll be safe, I trust Dumbledore.""I know you do, I do too."He opened the door further, walking in normally, smiling politely.

Chapter 1- Arriving At The Burrow -"Why couldn't we just use the Floo Network?" Teddy asked doubling over, a sick feeling in his stomach after he apparated alongside his father."You okay?" Remus asked his son who gave him a comical thumbs up. "It takes a bit to get used to.""I'll be fine." He stood, tugging at his jumper which did little to block out the cold night air. In the distance stood a very tall house that leaned slightly to the left, making Teddy fear that it might take only one push for it to topple over. From where he stood in the bog-like fields, that'd made his shoes muddy, Teddy could see Harry, Ron and Hermione talking on the staircase. "I didn't know Harry was going to be here.""What?" Remus looked up at the window. "Oh, yes. I heard Dumbledore might be bringing him here for the rest of the holidays."Teddy continued to look at the window as they trudged towards the front door. "Will I see you at the train station, Dad?"Remus smiled, the smile that Teddy loved seeing, and ran his fingers through Teddy's hair. "Of course, I'll be there." He knocked on the door of the Burrow which Mrs Weasley opened."Remus! Teddy!" She wrapped them both in a big hug. "It's so good to see you two, how was your trip."Teddy shuddered at the memory of apparating. "Never again." Mrs Weasley laughed, letting them inside where they were greeted by the others. "Hey guys." Teddy ran over to them while Mrs Weasley talked with his father. "Where's Fred and George?""You haven't heard? They've opened a joke store in Diagon Alley, we're going there tomorrow after we collect our books." Hermione explained."And I heard they've perfected their Skiving Snack-boxes." Hermione shot Ron a look but he ignored her. "I heard they made a new stock of Puking Pasties!"Teddy rolled his eyes, grinning. "Why anyone would want to purposely make themselves sick is beyond me.""See!" Hermione stood beside Teddy facing Ron and Harry. "See, Teddy gets it! Oh, that reminds me Teddy, Dumbledore's letting you do your OWLs this year isn't he?""Yeah that's right. How'd you guys go on yours?"Ron shrugged. "I passed most of them with an 'Acceptable'. Harry got a few 'Exceeds Expectations'."Hermione flicked her hair almost smugly. "They were all 'Outstanding' for me, of course.""Of course." Teddy put down his heavy suitcase. "Guess I'll have a lot of study to do to catch up for loss time."Hermione put her hand on his shoulder. "You'll be fine, your grades are already amazing by themselves and besides," she glanced back at the two boys. "You're one of few that understand that hard-work truly does pays off!" Ron poked his tongue out."Teddy, I'm off." Remus called from beside the front door and Teddy ran over giving him a quick goodbye hug. "I'll see you at the platform. Don't forget to get your books with the others.""I won't forget. See you there."He watched as his father walked out of the Burrow, there was a loud crack as he apparated. "Let me make you something to eat dearie." Mrs Weasley bustled off to the kitchen, tapping on pots and pans that followed behind her as she walked."Oh, hey Teddy." Ginny said as she walked down the stairs. "Where's Arkie? Is she with you?" She asked hopefully."No, she's spending the holidays with her new adoptive parents."The red-haired girls face lit up. "She's been adopted! Have you met them, her new parents?""No, not yet.""Sit down at the table, dinner's ready!" Mrs Weasley called out and they all sat around at the table sipping from their small mugs of pumpkin juice. "Excited for your OWLs Teddy?""Yes, very." Teddy said after taking a sip from his mug."I wanted to ask, what are you planning on doing after you graduate Hogwarts, Teddy?" Hermione asked, cutting into her slice of steak and mushroom pie. Teddy had been pondering the question for quite some time over the holidays. He had so many options. "Well, I don't quite know. I've been thinking of becoming a Curse-Breaker, or perhaps an Auror. But both of those require at least an 'Exceeds Expectations' on the Dark Arts, Potions and etc.""Harry's thinking of being an Auror, aren't you Harry?" Ginny's red haired flicked as she turned her head in Harry's direction."You could always join the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures?" Hermione offered."That's little racist Hermione!""No, it isn't Ron! Well... maybe it is, but in a good way!" Everyone's eyes were on her but she didn't shy away. "I'm just saying, it'd be good to have someone like Teddy in that position, someone both humans and mystical creatures can trust."Teddy fiddled with his fork. "I'm flattered Hermione. But I don't know... I mean there isn't much employment for Werewolves, especially considering everything that's happening." They all knew what he was talking about. Fenrir Greyback's revolt had made the gap between wizards, witches and magical creatures wider."Well," Hermione continued. "Maybe that's exactly why it's the perfect time for you to step up.""The guy's still in school, Hermione. Give him a break." Ron groaned.Teddy took another sip of pumpkin juice, lost deep in thought. His grades had always been good, not as good as Hermione's, but they were defiantly close. He wasn't an expert Herbologist like his girlfriend, nor was he fantastic in Potions, but he'd always blamed that on Snape's prejudice. But, like his father, he was a gifted dueler and enjoyed most lessons that including using a wand. He continued to think as he laid back in the small pullout bed Mrs Weasley had set up for. He realized he hadn't seen Mr Weasley all night, and guessed he must've been working double time at the Ministry or for the Order.Teddy had woken up early, before the sun was even up, and was lying on his bed, reading through his textbooks. His held his glowing wand between his lips and he read. "Teddy?" Harry rubbed his eyes, blinking in the light."Sowy, dit I wayk yer?" He muffled through the wand between his teeth."Yeah, what are you doing?""Stoodying fer OW's." He looked back down at his book."When are your OWL exams?""Firsf day bak!"Harry watched him as he continued to read. "Do you think you'll be invited into the NEWT classes?""Huh?" Teddy's eyes didn't leave the page. Harry propped himself up against his pillow, putting his glass on. On top of the wardrobe Hedwig gave a low hoot. "You know? If you get really good marks on your OWLs you're invited into the NEWT classes.""Wur yer invited?""Yeah, I was invited into the Dark Arts NEWT class." There was silence and HArry took off his glasses rolling over in his bed. "Night, Teddy.""Noyt." He replied.

Chapter 2- Borgin & Burkes -Fred and George's store was brilliant and alive with laughter. Teddy had no idea how the twins were able to keep on top of it all. Kids were trying out the strange devices, sweets and other materials left and right.Hermione was seen scolding Ron who'd been standing by the Skiving Snack-boxes while Teddy stood in the center of the store, looking up at the fireworks, kites and Fanged Frizbees flying across the ceiling. He laughed satisfactorily at the small Umbridge mannequin, dressed in her usual pink cardigan and skirt, that was peddling furiously on a pink unicycle, balanced on a very thin string going from one side of the shop to other. Across her shoulders she carried a heavy carrying pole with a full bucket of water on each end. "I. Will. Have. Order." The mannequin repeated over and over in Umbridge's shrill voice."Thought you'd like that." Fred and George said together, crouching either side of him."How do you come up with all these?" He asked in wonder."Well, you did inspire one or two of them.""I did?""Yeah!" Their voice mashed together in unison. "Follow us." They led him through the crowd of giggling teens until they reached a large shelf, stacked with pranks. They handed him a small tub with a picture of a very large hand on the container. "Monster Moisturizer." He read aloud and let out a sudden laugh as dark thick hand began to grow on the picture of the hand."What d'ya think?""I think it's brilliant!""Just dab it on your professor's quill and BOOM! Instant hairy fingers." George explained."It can also be used on yourself, for those times when you just can't wait for that first chest hair." Fred continued. "And lucky for you, they're half off too!""Nah, that's okay." Teddy put the tube back on the shelf. "Once a month is fine for me. I am interested in those flameless fireworks I heard you used to scare Umbridge last year."Both twins raised their eyebrow mischievously. "Come this way."After buying the fireworks, Teddy was able to track down the others and tell them he was going to get the last book on his book list. Soon he was walking towards the counter of Flourish and Blotts, where a tall lady watched him hesitantly from behind the counter. "Sorry, would you happen to know where the Standard Book of Spells, Grade Six is?"She looked him up and down and Teddy pretended not to notice how her hand was resting only inches from her wand. "In the shelf by the staircase." She pointed toward a shelf where a girl was already standing, wearing a long warm cloak and flipping through one of the books."Thanks." He walked over to the bookshelf searching for his textbook."Teddy?" He looked down at the cloak-wearing girl who was standing next to him."Arkie, what are the chances? You here for school books too?""Yeah," she held up a book with the title, 'Flesh-Eating Trees of The World'. "I got a letter telling me I got into the NEWT Herbology class.""That's so great! I'm proud of you.""What are you looking for?" She turned back to the bookcase."Ugh... Standard Book of Spells, Grade Six.""Here it is." She handed him the red covered book and then looked around the store. "It's so quiet, even for a book store." He followed her gaze. She was right, the place was practically abandoned except for a shifty-looking man scanning the fair bookshelves and the lady leaning sadly on the counter. The air in the store was sad and scary. "My parents are waiting for me around the corner, will you walk with me?""Sure." He walked up to the counter, bought his book and then took Arkie's hand, walking out of the store. "It's scary here.""I know what you mean." He said, looking slowly around the alleyway. The streets were abandoned and most of the stores had massive closed signs on their windows. A few of them were completely destroyed after the Death Eater attack. The only sound came from the brightly coloured joke shop, 'Wizard Wheezes', at the end of the street behind them. "How is it Fred and George are doing it? Half the alley's closed down." Arkie asked, looking at the giant joke shop.But Teddy wasn't focusing on the joke shop. "Olivander's." He mumbled sadly. The shop was almost unrecognizable now. The windows were shattered and chunks of wood covered the street. A large missing poster was plastered on a nearby lamppost, decorated with Olivander's smiling face. 'If Spotted, Please Contact Ministry.'Teddy tried to remember the first time he'd walked through the door, that were hanging off their hinges, staring at the hundreds of wands pilled up against the walls in little neat boxes. "Hello, there." Olivander had said, climbing down his rather large ladder and standing behind his desk covered in un-scrolled pieces of parchment. Teddy, quite shy at the time, had watched him cautiously. "I'm Olivander, and what's your name.""T-Teddy.""Well, it's nice to meet you Teddy. Now, I won't waste your time, you're here for a wand aren't you? Let me have a look." He trotted back to the shelf, a strange sort of energy in the man's step. His hand had run over the many wands. "Maybe... give this one a try. Aspen, Unicorn hair core, 10 inches..."Teddy had flicked the wand which had given a deflated soft of crackle than flung out of his hand, the tip burying into the wall where it stayed, stuck. "Hmm, let me try again. Here we go, Oak wood, Pheonix tail feather, 15 inches, reasonably flexible... give it go."That time the scrolls on Olivander's desk had caught on fire and were nothing but ash in seconds. Teddy had jumped. "I'm am s-so sorry!""It's okay, it's okay. Those were just my bills." Olivander had chuckled. "You might've done me a favour. One more time I say, I feel like this is the one." He'd gone so far back into the store that Teddy could no longer see him until he returned. In his hand had been a long wand, about 13 inches, made out of light willow wood that was almost white. The handle had several curved bumps were his fingers would hold, making it easy to keep a firm grip on the smooth wood. The wand blade hadn't been completely straight but was cut unevenly.Teddy pulled the same wand from his belt, turning it over in his hand.He turned around when he heard footsteps approaching. Harry, Ron and Hermione were also staring at Olivander's in dismay before walking inside. "Everyone used to get their wands here." Hermione sighed."Guys." Ron said, staring out the paneless windows. "Is it just me? Or do Draco and Mummy look like two people who don't want to be followed?" Teddy stared out at the street. Sure enough, Draco and his Mother, Narcissa Malfoy, were standing by an empty alleyway, looking left and right before disappearing into it. All at once the five of them followed after the two neatly dressed figures. The alleyway was dark and the stone brick wall were covered in wanted posters. Bellatrix Lestrange, Fenrir Greyback, Antony Dolohov.A man, dressed in a shabby red cloak, was facing the wall sobbing to himself, but they kept walking past. Dogs barked in the distance as they weaved between the buildings. Draco and Narcissa glided into an old, hidden store, Borgin & Burkes. The door shut and locked behind them. "This way." Teddy whispered, pointing to a low hanging roof.He grunted as he pulled himself up then helped the others. "Maybe you should go back, your parents will be worried." Teddy whispered to Arkie who helped herself up on the roof."And leave you to spy on people alone? No way.""I'm not alone." He whispered."And you never will be." She said, shuffling towards the edge of the roof that hung near one of the windows of the shady store. Through the dusty window they saw Draco, Narcissa and several cloaked figures, gather around a large closet. They were all staring at it intently. Teddy and the others all climbed slightly to the right, trying to get a better look when suddenly someone walked past the window.Teddy recognised the gruesome face of Fenrir Greyback. Fenrir, even though it wasn't a full moon, looked wolfish, with his long, slick hair, sharpened nails and teeth. Teddy could scarcely believed that this was the man that's bitten his father when he was just a child. "Teddy!" Arkie hissed, pulling him down so he was hidden from view."What's going on in there?" He said, peeping over again and was happy to see the loathsome criminal was gone, but he wasn't the only one. Everyone in the shop had disappeared. "Where'd they go?"

Chapter 3- Suspicion -Teddy leaned out of the open window of the Hogwarts Express, waving goodbye at the figure of his dad that was getting smaller and smaller as the train sped forward. When the station was finally out of sight he walked down the thin corridor, looking for a spare compartment. Halfway down he stopped, Ginny and her new boyfriend Dean were standing in the center of the corridor kissing. They looked at him. "Sorry." He mumbled, glancing at the small creature on Ginny's shoulder that looked like a fluffy pink pompom, a Pygmy Puff."Quibbler. Quibbler." He turned around to see Luna trotting up the corridor towards holding a stack of brightly coloured tabloids. "Hello, Teddy. Do you want a Quibbler.""Ugh, sure." He said, glancing at the tabloid she placed in his hands. Her eyes flew to the creature of Ginny's shoulder."Oh, he's lovely. They've been known to sing on Boxing Day, you know." She hummed and Teddy tried to cover his smile with the tabloid. They'd been taught about Pygmy Puffs the year before and he knew for a fact that it was a tall tale. "Quibbler?""Oh, yes please." Ginny said, glancing at the cover. "What's a Wrackspurt?""They're invisible creatures. They float in your ears and make your brains go fuzzy." She replied bluntly. Dean looked at Luna with a raised eyebrow then glanced at Teddy who shrugged. "Quibbler. Quibbler." Luna continued walking from compartment to compartment."Ginny, you wouldn't happen to know where the others are?" Teddy asked."They're a few compartment down, so's Arkie." She said, pointing down the still crowded corridor. "You must've missed them on your way up.""Thanks." He nodded, weaving between the students. "Excuse me, sorry. Oops! My apologies. Arkie," he opened one of the compartment doors in which Arkie and her Hufflepuff friends had been chatting and giggling in. A few of them had been joined by their boyfriend's who gave him unwelcoming stares as he poked his head into the compartment."Oh, hey Teddy.""Can I talk to you, alone?" He added and Arkie nodded. She put down her issue of the Quibbler glancing at her disapproving friend who all tried to send the same message with their eyes. "I'll be right back." She promised, pushing back her long chestnut hair and followed Teddy out of the compartment. "Is everything alright?"He glanced back at the girls and boys who were still watching them. "I wanted to apologize."Her golden eyes grew in concern. "What for?""About not getting to meet your parents.""Oh, is that all?" She let out a sigh of relief. "Teddy it's fine. Another chance will come, and maybe it was too soon anyway, I haven't even told them I have a boyfriend." She said smiling."You haven't?" Now Teddy looked concerned. "Why not?""Well... I- I didn't want things to go too quickly... I wanted to get to know them first before I went and told them about my personal life- you understand right?""Yeah, I- I understand." He crossed his arms looking down the corridor. Arkie didn't seemed convinced and move to the left so that she was standing in front of his gaze. He looked down at her, his eyes hurt. "Teddy, I'm sorry if this hurts you."He lowered his crossed arms and leaned against a compartment door. "It's fine, Arkie. I guess... I'm wondering if there's another reason why you didn't tell them.""What! I'm not ashamed of you Teddy, if that's what you mean." Her hand went up to his cheek. "I just didn't want to rush things... they could be my last chance of having a family." His eyes softened and he nodded, a small smile creeping to his lip."I understand, sorry. I'm just going to find the others.""Why don't you join us?" She asked, pointing back to the compartment. Her friends had stopped staring and were now talking to each other in hushed voices."I'll be good, I-" He stumbled over his own words.Arkie nudged him. "It's okay, I understand. Will I see you in the Great Hall?""Can't wait."He watched her as she walked back into her compartment and the door shut with a small click. Then he ambled down the corridor which was still tightly filled with young teens until he found Harry, Ron and Hermione. "Hey guys, Quibbler?" He asked, sitting down and offering the tabloid. Hermione rolled her eyes."That thing is just filled with nonsense and old wives' tales.""How about you Harry? Heard there's these things called Wrackspurts that you might find interesting. Apparently, according to Luna, they're these little-"Harry was still staring out the window when he interrupted as if Teddy hadn't even spoken. "What was Draco doing with that weird-looking cabinet. And who were all those people?""I recognised one of them." Teddy leaned forward in his seat, lowering his voice slightly. "His name's Fenrir Greyback, he's the leader of the London Werewolf pack. The pack Dad tried and failed to convince to join Dumbledore's forces.""It was a ceremony, an initiation.""Stop it, Harry." Hermione's eyes bored into Harry's. "I know where you're going with this.""It's happened. He's one of them."Teddy shook his head. "Harry..." he began then faded off, staring out the window at the mountains decorating the horizon."Wait, one of what?" Ron asked.Hermione turned in her seat. "Harry is under the impression that Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater."Ron let out a half-hearted laugh. "You're barking. What would You-Know-Who want with a sod like Malfoy?"Harry gave them an frustrated glance look, and Teddy guess he was annoyed none of them would believe him. "He's got a point, Harry.""Well, then what was he doing in Borgin and Burkes? Browsing for furniture?"Ron shrugged breaking off half of his pumpkin patty and offering the rest to Teddy who gladly took it. "It's a creepy shop. He's a creepy bloke.""Look, his father is a Death Eater. It only makes sense. Besides Hermione saw it with her own eyes." He gestured to the frizzy haired girl who stared down at her lap."I told you, I don't know what I saw." Harry went silent and soon they were listening to the rhythmic thumping of the train's engine."I need some air." He grumbled, standing up and Teddy watched curiously as he grabbed his invisibility cloak. The door clicked shut and Teddy reached down into his book bag, pulling out one of his textbooks. He let out a sigh. "Hermione, do you mind testing me? It's for my OWLs."She nodded taking the book and flipping through the pages.

Chapter 4- Careers -Harry hadn't returned to the compartment when they'd arrived at the Hogwarts train station, where they'd been thoroughly searched by Auror guards and Filch, who gave Teddy a loathing expression. Harry still hadn't joined them up in the Great Hall for the sorting ceremony. "Where is Harry?" Teddy whispered to Arkie who was sitting as usual opposite him at the Hufflepuff table, she leaned back."I don't know. Wasn't he with you on the train?""He left for some 'fresh air' and didn't return, I'm worried."By the time dinner had finished and the four house tables were covered in a fine spread of food. Abandoning his eclair filled plate Teddy walked over to Ron and Hermione. "He still isn't here yet?" He asked, standing beside Ginny."Don't worry, he'll be here in a minute." Ron said, stuffing his face with the disgusting mixture of custard and raspberry jelly that filled his bowl. Hermione raised her book bringing it down several times on Ron's back. "Will. You. Stop. Eating." She shouted. "Your best friend is missing!""Oi! Turn around you lunatic!"Harry was walking through the door, a cloth held to his bleeding nose. "He's covered in blood again." Ginny spoke clearly. "Why is it he's always covered in blood."Ron put down his full spoon. "Looks like it's his own this time.""Where have you been?" Hermione said, sounding like a worried mother as Harry sat down. "What happened to your face?""Later," he panted. "What've I missed?""Sorting Hat urged us all to be brave and strong in these troubled times. Easy for it to say though," Ron continued. "It's a hat.""Very best of evenings to you all." Dumbledore's voice rung out and Teddy scrambled back his seat at the Ravenclaw table. Arkie looked at him as if expecting him to tell her what had happened to Harry's face. He gave her a 'I don't know' sort of glance then turned to face Dumbledore. Teddy's eyes searched the staff table for the new Dark Arts professor, something that'd begun to occur annually. "First off, let me introduce the newest member of our staff, Horace Slughorn."A plumpish man stood up, facing the students and giving a happy yet nervous smile. He waved slightly before taking his seat again. He looked kind enough but Teddy was immediately skeptical. "Professor Slughorn, I am happy to say has agreed to resume his old post as Potions Master." Teddy raised both eyebrows in surprise, feeling a little less worried. "Meanwhile, the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts will be taken by Professor Snape.""Snape?" Hundreds of students all whispered at once. Teddy politely applauded the professor along with the rest of the students. "Now, as you know, each and every one of you was searched upon your arrival here tonight. And you have the right to know why. Once, there was a young man who, like you, sat in this very hall, walked the castle's corridors and slept under its roof."Teddy was sitting on the edge of his seat, glancing over at the Slytherin table, where Draco was staring down at his empty plate blankly. He then glanced at the doors to the Great Hall. An Auror was walking back and forth outside it. "He seemed to all the world a student like any other. His name, Tom Riddle." A few gasps came out from some of the Ravenclaws sitting a few seats down from Teddy. "Today, of course he's known all over the world by another name. Which is why as I stand looking out upon all of you tonight, I'm reminded of a sobering fact. Everyday, every hour, this very minute perhaps... dark forces attempt to penetrate this castle's walls. But in the end, their greatest weapon is you."Teddy leaned forward unable to stop worrying and thinking about what his father must be doing at that moment. He glanced once more at Draco. "Just something to think about. Now, off to bed, pip-pip."Teddy walked out of the hall, Arkie at his side. Their voice melded in with the voices of the other students. "Mr Lupin." Professor Flitwick, the Head of the Ravenclaw house, came waddling up to them. Teddy looked down. "Yes, Professor?""As you know you will be taking your OWLs fairly later that your fellow students due to... the events of last year." He said, panting. "We also weren't able to do your student, Head of house meeting last year, where we talk about any particular career paths you wish to pursue.""Oh, yes." He nodded moving out of the way of the students all bustling to get to their dorms."Unfortunately, as your OWLs are tomorrow we have very little time, so I was wondering if you were willing to do it now?"He glanced at Arkie then back down at Professor Flitwick. "Sure, I don't mind." He said untruthfully."This way then.""Good luck!" Arkie gave his arm a reassuring squeeze.He followed after Professor Flitwick up to the Charms classroom. "Take a seat, Mr Lupin." He said, climbing on the stack of books on his desk chair. "Now tell me, is there any particular career you're aiming for?" He said as he spread out hundreds of pamphlets across his desk. Each one them advertising a specific career."Ugh..." Was all he could respond. "I'm honestly no sure, Professor.""Well then, let's have a look at your marks then. See where about your particular talents lie." He flicked his wand and a pile of parchment appeared on his desk. Teddy start nervously on his stool, his hand gripping onto his knees. "Let's see... you've shown promise in most classes such as Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration and Charms." He said proudly. "And you're not too bad at Potions and Flying either. Unfortunately, Herbology, History of Magic and Divination don't seem to be your forte."Teddy blushed. "I was thinking of becoming a Auror or perhaps a Curse-Breaker?""Some good choices, but you must know that those at two incredibly hard jobs to obtain, not that I doubt your abilities. Perhaps it'd just be smarter to have a few more options open?"He nodded. "You're probably right." Teddy considered bringing up what Hermione had said over the holidays, about joining the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, but his nerves got the best of him."Dueling seems to be one of your many talents, have you ever considered doing it competitively?""I'm sorry?""Yes. There are more than plenty of dueling competitions each year, of course that too would be hard career. Of course, if you did want it I'd suggest you join the Ravenclaw dueling club as a start."He gave a small smile. "Sounds like fun. Is there anything else?""Well you can always try taking up a position in teaching." The Professor offered. Teddy gave a small shrug as if considering it. The professor began handing him a few of the pamphlits which Teddy put into his robe pockets. "Thank you, Professor. I should go unpack."Professor Flitwick smiled from atop his stack of books. "Oh, wait! I almost forgot," Teddy turned around in the doorframe. "Professor Dumbledore wishes me to tell you that you no longer have to return to your old dorm this year.""Beg your pardon?""He said, if you wish, you can sleep up in the Ravenclaw Tower with your fellow Ravenclaws.""Really?" He said, more surprised that excited."Really." The professor nodded.Teddy blinked, shaking his head. "Why the sudden change?" When Professor Flitwick didn't reply he edged further out of the classroom. "I'll think about it, thank you for the offer."

Chapter 5- OWLs -"Are you kidding me? That's great!" Arkie almost spilled over her glass orange juice. "Have you told your dad?""Sent him an owl this morning.""You don't look excited. Why aren't you excited?" She asked, leaning forward in her seat. A few Ravenclaws had glanced over at her unexpected squeal. "This is huge, Teddy! This is good!""Is it though, I mean... why now?"Arkie took a few seconds to think up a response. "Well, Dumbledore's always trusted you so, maybe it's something to do with security. I mean, they've got Aurors guarding every entrance, and it is safer for you to stay with the other Ravenclaws than be alone.""Right." He nodded taking a bite of his bacon which gave a satisfying crunch."Do you think the other Ravenclaws know you're moving in?"He shrugged returning to his food and the open Herbology book next to him."So where'd you sleep last night?""In my old room, but I didn't bother unpacking.""Your OWLs are today. You ready?""I guess I won't know until I get the test.""By the way how'd the chat with Professor Flitwick go?" He closed his book, a little harder than he intended. Around them owls began to fly through the windows with the morning post. One of them landed between Teddy and Arkie and he slowly unwrapped the issue of the Daily Prophet. "He suggested competitive dueling and possibly teaching.""Both are really good.""Yeah, I'm thinking of joining the dueling club actually."She brightened at this. "That's great! Maybe I'll get to duel against you." Teddy remembered that she was part of the Hufflepuff dueling team and he too grinned."I'd be crazy to cross paths with you in a duel."She leaned forward so her face was inches from him. "Well then it's a good thing you're crazy." He kissed her nose playfully and she giggled, taking a seat again.After breakfast all the students all left the Great Hall, except for Teddy who remained standing as the food, plates and tables disappeared. A small desk and chair suddenly appeared in front of him. "Take a seat." Professor McGonagall said, standing in front of the teachers table. He did as he was told, pulling out a quill and ink. He spun around when he heard foot steps walking through the door which closed behind a plump-looking woman with greying hair. "Mr Lupin, this is Ms Tofty, she'll be your examiner for today.""You will be beginning with your Charms exam, in which you'll be given a quick theory test, then I will require you to perform a spell or two so I can see your practical progress. If you could please pass me your wand- don't worry you'll get it back. You may begin." Ms Tofty said giving him a reasurring smile. "Good luck."The text paper seemed to mold out of the desk and he quickly scribbled his name in the top left corner. His green eyes glanced up at to the examiner, who'd also taken a seat and appeared to be rummaging through a large pile of parchment. He forced his gaze back down on his text paper, tapping the tip of his quill on his desk.Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!He smirked at the first question.a) Give the incantation and b) describe the wand movement required to make objects fly.His quill flew across the space underneath and his chest filled with confidence as he moved on to the next question. Once he was done he put down his quill and looked up at the examiner. "Finish are we?""Yes, miss." He replied with a short nod."Well, then come here."His seat scrapped across the stone floor as he glided towards the teachers table where Ms Tofty happily gave him back his wand. He watched as she placed a small wine glass in front of her. "Now, please try your best, don't be nervous. I want you to levitate this wine glass and if you can, perhaps make it do some cartwheels as well."Teddy happily did the task, easily levitating the wine glass then spinning it several times. He was asked then to perform the Growing Charm on a small rat which he'd been able to pull off, growing it to about the size a large badger. "Engorgio!""Well done. Now, just one more please."He tensed as she asked him to quickly perform a Colour Change Charm. He felt sorry for the rat whose tail transformed into that of a snake. His Transfiguration spell went smoothly, though there were one or two questions left blank. He aced the practical by turning his iguana completely invisible and then transforming his owl into a teacup. Later on during his Dark Arts practical he impressed Ms Tofty but summoning his Patronus and pulling off a perfect Full-Body Binding Curse. "Very well done, Mr Lupin."His desk was replaced by the four house tables for lunch, in which he spent the whole time rereading his texts books. After that he was forced to sit through his Potions test, though he thought he did quite well in. The practical was quite relaxing without Snape peering over his shoulder ever five minutes and he was able to brew an sufficient Calming Draught. The next OWLs exams including, Care of Magical Creatures, Herbology and Divination didn't go so well.Teddy completely forgot what a Kneazle looked like and the Fanged Geranium kept biting at him every few seconds. Divination was as pointless as always.By the end of it all Teddy could barely keep his eyes open. He was greeted outside of the Great Hall but Arkie and Hermione who both asked him how it all went, to which he replied. "Good, it was good.""When will you be receiving your results. Some time tomorrow she said." He responded rubbing his eyes. "You know what? I'm gonna skip dinner, see you guys in the morning." He yawned.

Chapter 6- Riddles and Rooms -The roof of the Great Hall was a calming midnight blue covered in soft, slow clouds. The moon, almost full, shone outside the many windows. Students were chatting avidly among each other, talking about their second day of classes.Teddy had enjoyed his Charms class with Professor Flitwick where they'd spent the double lesson learning to turn vinegar into wine. "Now if I'm ever stuck in a desert with a lot of vinegar, I'll be fine." He'd joked beside Hermione who'd rolled her eyes, but couldn't stop from smiling. In Defense Against the Dark Arts Teddy was relieved to see that Professor Snape was in a good mood- well, better than usual, as he explained the use and conjuring of non-verbal spells, which the young sixth year took a great interest in.Finally, they'd gotten to their last lesson of the day, Care of Magical Creatures in which they studied how to care for a Glumbumble. A weird creature that looked very similar to that of a humongous furry, black fly. After that Teddy had a free period, which he spent in his room, debating whether he should unpack or take Dumbledore's offer. Eventually, he'd made his decision."Alright, I've made up my mind. I'm moving into the Ravenclaw Tower." Teddy admitted taking a seat between Ron and Harry and grabbing one of the many meat pies stacked on a large plate at the Gryffindor table. "I'll be taking my stuff up after dinner."Hermione looked up. "Where you go during full moons?""I'll go back into my old room for full moons, but I'll be spending other nights in the tower with the other Ravenclaws.""Oh, well I hope it goes well.""Me too. Anyway, how were your classes today?" He asked. He hadn't been in the same class as Harry for Dark Arts as he had been accepted into the NEWT level class. For most of the day it was just him and Ron. Harry shrugged. "It was good, Professor Snape was his usual cheery self.""Guess he wasn't to pleased to see you in his NEWT class. Oh!" He groaned after taking a bite of his pie and the meat fell out the other side and onto his pants. "Seriously!" Ron gave a muffle giggle as Teddy grabbed a handful of napkins and began to wipe his pants frantically. "By the way how was Quidditch practice, Ron. That's what you were doing at lunch, right?""Yeah, it was good. I'm training to be the Keeper, the tryouts are this weekend. By the way, have you sign of for the dueling club yet?""Yeah, tryouts are this weekend as well."Hermione swallowed a mouthful of her chicken pie, which she'd smartly used a knife and fork to cut. "Have you got your results back for your OWLs, Teddy?" He finished trying to wipe the stain from his robe pants and scrunched up the napkins."No not yet, they said I would have it by the end of the day." He ironically looked up as if expecting an owl to suddenly come flying towards him. No such luck. He looked down at his half finished pie and then at the stain on his pants. He grabbed his knife and fork and began cutting into what was left of his meal. Suddenly a huge owl, covered in thick brown feathers, landed directly on Teddy's plate, causing both the pie remains and his pumpkin juice to spill onto his pants."Oh come on!" He jumped up out of his seat staring at the owl, his mouth wide open. "Seriously dude?"The owl let out a mocking hoot and frustratedly he snatched the roll of parchment from its claws. The brown owl waited as if expecting a treat of some kind. "As if!" He growled and watched indignantly as Ron and Harry each gave it a small bit of sausage which it gobbled up greedily. "RON! Harry!" But they just giggled.The owl flew off, making Teddy flinch as its wing flapped inches from his face. He sat down on his table and immediately pushed all food and drink away from him. "This must be it." He looked over at the Hufflepuff table, where Arkie was sitting among her usual group of friends. "Hey, Arkie!" He called out. She looked up, smiling and looking excited as he pointed frantically to the parchment. She excused herself from the table and ran round to join the others. "What'd you get?"He nervously opened it after taking two long breaths. He sat in silence reading it, a small growing on his face. "I got two an 'Outstandings' in my Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms and Potions test," he said, looking surprised. He'd though for sure he would've only passed with an 'Acceptable' in Potions. "I got a 'Poor' in Herbology as well as Divination." Arkie gave him an empathetic look. "I don't understand how you can stand around plants that bite back."She opened her mouth to respond but then just shrugged."Got an 'Acceptable' in my History of Magic and Care of Magical Creatures.""See Ron, studying does pay off!" Hermione hissed to which Ron stuck his tongue at her."And finally an 'Exceeds Expectations' in Transfiguration." He said satisfactorily. "Honestly, I think it's all pretty good considering I had to teach myself some of the theory.""You did great." Arkie said, reaching across the table and taking his hand. "We're really proud of you.""Looks like I'll be joining you, Harry, in Defense Against the Dark Arts." He said with a grin. Arkie got up, walking around the table so she could sit next him. Once she did she stared down at his pants. "Did you wet yourself?" She asked in a half-whisper. Teddy followed her gaze and growled. "No, that's a result of that bloody owl."Ron nearly spat his pumpkin juice and instead quickly wiped his mouth at Teddy's gaze.Teddy grunting as he lugged his suitcase out into the hall. He turned around looking in through the small door frame at his room. All that was left were barren walls, a small desk, a wardrobe, a single bed and a plate he'd used to hold food during his transformation that he'd forgotten to bring back to the kitchen. He smiled slightly, remembering all the nights he'd spent in that room. Did he truly want to leave it behind?It'd been the place where he'd spend ever full moon, away from prying eyes, where he'd spent forever hanging up tinsel and baubles for Christmas every year. It'd been his little safe haven, where he could get away and be by himself... but he could be that anywhere, couldn't he?There was no need to hide anymore, he was who he was and nobody could change that. Besides, soon he would graduate and would no longer have a room to hide in. Would he rather spend his last few years, cooped up in there or show off his Ravenclaw pride?He put a hand on the door knob staring into his room one last time. "Goodbye," he said softly. "See you this full moon."Click!Teddy let out a tense breath he didn't even know he'd been holding in. He felt better, lighter. As if they past had all be tucked away behind that door and now he was walking down a new path. It did feel strange to walk up the steps of Hogwarts until he reached a spiral staircase, leading to a grand wooden door with no doorknob nor keyhole. Instead there was a majestic bronze knocker in the shape of a soaring eagle.He knocked once and the eagle sprung to life. He jumped as it craned its neck to look at him. It opened his beak and spoke in a creaky voice. "If you wish to enter the Ravenclaw Common Room, first you must prove you wit and intellect and answer my riddle."Teddy had heard before that to enter the Ranveclaw Common Room you must answer a riddle, which was why the Ravenclaw Tower was the only house common room that hadn't been broken into by another house student."Alright, give it to me." He said determinedly, knowing that this would eventually become annoying.The knocked barely blinked but opened its large beak again."My life can be measured in hours,I serve by being devoured.Thin, I am quick.Fat, I am slow.Wind is my foe."Teddy put down his suitcase, leaning against the stone wall to think. "Can you repeat it again?" He asked after a minute or two of thinking and coming up with nothing."My life can be measured in hours,I serve by being devoured.Thin, I am quick.Fat, I am slow.Wind is my foe.""I serve by being devoured," Teddy mumbled, the door knocker watching him intently, waiting for an answer. "Wind is my foe-" He suddenly snapped his fingers, which echoed down the staircase. "I got it. The answer's a candle, right. By serving the candle wax is being devoured by the flame, which is threatened to be blown out by wind."The eagle proudly let out a loud squawk and the door swung open slowly. He picked up his belongings and walked inside. His eyes widened as he looked around the Common Room for the first time.The room was wide and circular with magnificent arched windows, from which he guessed would give an amazing view of the Black Lake, the Forbidden Forest, the Quidditch pitch and the Herbology gardens, with blue and bronze curtains on either side. A circular midnight blue carpet decorated the center of the room, covered in stars which reflected onto the domed ceiling. The room was furnished with tables, comfy looking chairs and couches, as well as a large golden globe in the corner, and bookcases, so many bookcases filled with books, covering the walls.There was a door that he guessed led up to the boys and girls dormitories, in front of which stood a tall statue of Rowena Ravenclaw, the Ravenclaw founder, made of white marble. "I can't believe I've been missing all of this." He gasped then paled as he noticed all the Ravenclaws' judgmental and curious eyes were on him. "Hey, guys." He waved pathetically."Hello, Teddy." Luna waved back from her chair in the corner. She was the only one to reply. Most of the Ravenclaws were lying on the many chairs and couches, books covered the tables as well as copy of the Daily Prophet with a bone-chilling picture of Fenrir Greyback on the front. A few students appeared to have been peering into the two golden telescopes that'd been set up in front of the windows at the back of the Common Room. "Sorry if I'm interrupting you all, please continue with what you were doing."He attempted to step further into the Common Room, clutching on his bag, when suddenly a tall figure blocked his path. He looked up at a tall seventh year boy, with long brown hair down to his shoulders and hazel green eyes, staring down at him. "Hi, I'm Teddy Lupin. And you are?" He asked with a smile. The boy snorted not seeming to care how he was currently invading Teddy's personal space."Read the badge mutt." He sneered.Teddy's eyes shifted to the blue and gold, 'Head Boy' badge pinned to the collar of his house robes. "Oh, so your Head Boy here?""Name's Marcus Turner." He said smugly, standing taller than even Teddy. "And what are you doing in the Ravenclaw Tower? Don't you have your own doggy den downstairs?""Professor Flitwick didn't tell you?" He said, trying to keep his cool. "I'm moving in, got permission from the Headmaster himself.""Dumbledore, is letting you stay here... among people?" Marcus couldn't seem to believe his ears. "Is he insane?"Teddy steadied his grip on his heavy bag, still looking up the Head Boy fearlessly. He'd had to deal with worse than him before. "I think Dumbledore's just trying to make sure everybody sticks together, considering all that's happening."He heard someone scoff in the background and he instinctively glanced at the other Ravenclaws. His gaze rested on a boy staring at him from his place alone on the couch, a large book in hand. He was the only person in the room whose face was twisted in disgust, but it wasn't very welcoming either. In fact Teddy couldn't seem to detect any sort of emotion from the boy at all.The boy was tall yet not as tall as him. He had short curly black hair style in a small quiff that threatened to cover one of his crystal blue eyes. There was a faded scare on his chin that intrigued Teddy. The boy noticed him staring and his gaze sharpened. Teddy focused his attention back to Marcus. "Don't worry, I won't be much of a hassle and I'll spend full moons in the old room downstairs. Now if you excuse me I have to unpack, busy day tomorrow." He said with a quick nod, walking around Marcus and towards the door leading to the dormitories.He marveled at Rowena Ravenclaw's statue as he passed by it and then disappeared up one of the staircases towards the boys dorms. As he climbed he could hear the voices of the other students in the Common Room."Is he nuts?""Walks in here like he owns the place.""I'm telling my parents about this."He entered a small hall with several identical doors on each side. Each door had a small golden plague on it, on the plaque were the names of the dorm's inhabitants. Each plaque had exactly five names inscribed on it in curly writing. Eventually, he reached the end of the hall and turned to the last door, with only four names written on the watched as his won name appeared at the bottom the moment he touched the doorknob.The room resembled much of the Common Room. It was circular, with a domed starry ceiling.Five single canopy beds were set against the walls, facing towards the center of the room where Teddy stood on top of a large circular carpet decorated with the black and blue Ravenclaw crest. At the end of each back was a large white wooden chest instead of a wardrobe.The starry ceiling cast a beautiful glow around the room. A gigantic, heavy Ravenclaw banner hung from the incredibly tall ceiling on one side of the room beside a long bookshelf. Huge arched windows that also reached up to the ceiling, showed off the magnificent night sky outside as well as the Dark Forest below. The whole room had a royal, majestic feeling to it unlike the Gryffindor dorms that'd been more comfy and slightly crowded. "Wow!"Despite the room being practically symmetrical, each bed, except for one at the far end of the room, was decorated differently. One had large posters of the Tutshell Tornado Quidditch logo as well as pictures of several of the team members, each one of them were signed. A broom was propped up against the bed, and a Ravenclaw Quidditch uniform had been folded up and tucked under the bed. A 'Quidditch Through The Ages' book was resting on the white pillow.Another was surrounded by large piles of books and parchment stacked unevenly on top of each other, threatening to fall over.Teddy looked at another bed who had what looked like a barrier of creepy looking plants surrounding it. He kept get the feeling that one of the plants, a large spiked tentacle-like shrub that kept flicking it's long spines, was staring at him.The last bed was a mess. The covers were crushed up in a bundle on the bed and clothes were half tucked underneath it. The chest at the end was wide open, revealing hundreds upon hundreds of unopened snacks, various pranks and Quibbler tabloids.He couldn't help but smile slightly as he walked over to the spare bed. Suddenly there was a click at the doorknob turned.

Just going to say thank you.To the 900 people who have read the first chapter of my book.I also want to say thank you to those of you who have kept reading and supporting me with you beautiful comments!Chapter Seven- Ravenclaw Pride -Four boys walked into the room chatting among each other. "I'm mean what is the Headmaster thinking?" One of the boys, who was even taller than Teddy, said. "A Werewolf, in the Ravenclaw Tower?"Finally, one of the boys, a small plump boy with sandy blonde hair noticed Teddy and sharply nudged his friend in his side. They all stared at him in turn. "Hi." Teddy said holding up his hand in a small wave."Hi..." The incredibly tall boy who'd been speaking replied uncertainly, stretching his 'i' awkwardly.The other three boys simply nodded a hello and walked over to their beds quietly. The tall boy took a small step back, attempting to look at the golden plaque on the door with Teddy noticing. "So, you're Tesdon Lupin?" He asked, sounding as though he hoped that his name wasn't Teddy and he was just in the wrong room."Yes. But everyone calls me Teddy. I mean, what kind of name is Tesdon?" He laughed, a little over the top."Name's Terry Boot." He said, giving a fake, uneasy smile and walking over to the bed decorated with Quidditch posters and equipment. "This is Frederick Holoman, but we just call him Freddie." He pointed to the plump boy who was sitting on his messy bed beside Teddy's. He gave Teddy a similar uneasy smile, before stuffing his face with a handful of Gummy Dragons that he'd retrieved from his open chest."Over there, that's Leonard Belby. And before you ask, he prefers to be called Leonard, not Leo.""Hey, Leonard."Leo was the only one to wave casually at him from his bed, surrounded by the uneven piles of books. Yet he didn't smile or even look up for that matter. His nose was buried into the pages of his book. 'Ruins From Ancient Times: Advanced Level'."And over there with the plants, that's Daniel."Teddy recognised Daniel immediately. He'd been the boy that he had stared at earlier in the Common Room, before he had given Teddy a cold glare. He watched as Daniel began to water his plants, not even looking at Teddy. "It's nice to meet you." Teddy smiled politely but Daniel didn't respond.Terry looked between the two. "He's not much of a talker.""Oh. It's nice to meet you all."They all just nodded and found something to keep themselves busy. Teddy's smile faded as he opened his suitcase and began putting all his clothes in the white chest at the end of his bed.'At least they're not bullying me,' he thought to himself. 'In fact they don't seem to be paying much attention to me at all. It could be worse.' He jumped as he closed the lid and saw Freddie lying on his stomach, staring at him closely. "You frightened me." He forced a light laugh. Freddie blushed before offering his opened packet of Gummy Dragons."Do you want one?"Teddy looked down at Freddie's trembling hand and smiled. He put his hand into the packet and pulled out two long red and green Gummy Dragons. "Thanks." He said, beginning to chew on its tail. His eyes drifted down to the opened chest. "I guess you don't waste your Hogsmeade trips do ya?" He grinned and Freddie closed the lid, embarrassed. "I meant that in a good way." He quickly added but Freddie just smiled and opened on of his Quibble tabloids.Teddy sighed, beginning to decorate the posts of his canopy bed with pictures. Outside he could hear the other students walking down the corridor to their rooms. He returned his attention back to the pictures. One of Harry, Ron, Hermione and himself standing in front of the Hogwarts Express in their second year, their hands wrapped around each others shoulders. The next was of his father and him, standing outside of their small cottage in Hogsmeade. And the last was of Arkie, waving and occasionally blowing him a small kiss.When he turned around the other boys had already changed out of their robes and were dressed in their pyjama's. He quickly did the same, hanging him wooden wolf necklace on the post with the pictures. Although there were no candles or lights in the room, the starry ceiling lit it up just enough so that he could see. "So, what year are you guys in?" He asked."We're all sixth graders, like you." Leonard responded, flipping his page, his glasses hanging on the end of his nose."Cool, what a coincidence."No one responded and instead he laid on his bed, unsure of what to do with himself. Eventually he tried to go to sleep, but it was so weird to know he was not the only person in the room and for some reason that kept him up long into the night. He could hear the steady breathing of Terry and the light heavy snores of Freddie next to him. It felt so different to look up at a starry sky instead of stone, but he had to admit, the sound of the whistling wind was soothing. Eventually, his eyes lids felt heavy and he barely noticed as he drifted off to sleep, his head laying sideways on his pillow."Morning." Teddy said after realizing he wasn't the only one to have gotten up early. Daniel was sitting at the edge of his bed, using a small pair of gardening shears to clip a strange red bush that was covered in a thick yellow sap. The black haired boy barely looked up. but his forehead twitching slightly showed that he had heard Teddy. "You know, my girlfriend's into Herbology too. You may know her."When he gave no response Teddy gave up trying to make conversation and instead grabbed a sheet of parchment and his quill.Dear Moony,I got my OWL results back last night,I've written the below if you want to see.Anyway, I've moved into the Ravenclaw dorms and I have to admitit's very different compared to my old room.I wasn't give a very warm welcoming, as you could've probably guessedbut my roommates aren't actually that bad.There's Terry Boot, who I've only just recognised as theRavenclaw Quidditch Captain. He's got a FireBolt broom! I know right!Then there's Freddie Holoman.You should see all the pranks this guy's got locked away.I wonder if I'll ever be able to show him theMarauders Map,I feel like he would like that.Leonardo Belby is a bit of a bookworm and I have yet to see himself withouta book covering his eyes.And finally there's Daniel (whose last name I am yet to learn).So far he hasn't spoken to me or anyone.It's still really awkward here at the moment,but I made the right decision...I think.Good luck at the upcoming full moon. I'll bethinking of you!Love,Teddy LupinTeddy made a quick mental note to drop by the Owlery later on to deliver give his letter to one of the school's owls. He looked up as Leonard stretched in his bed. His glasses were balanced on the closest pile of books, which he blindly reached for. But like Teddy had guessed last night, the pile was unsteady and tumbled over, knocking over two more stacks. The loud bang was enough to wake both Terry and Freddie up with a jolt."Merlin's Beard, Leonard. Again!" Terry ground, covering his face with his hands. Freddie blinked in the harsh sunlight glowering through the windows."Sorry," Leonard mumbled, putting on his glasses and beginning to pick up the hundreds of books spread out across the floor."Here, let me help." Teddy offered, crouching down beside him. Soon the piles were rebuilt. Teddy smiled when Leonard told him there was a specific order he kept his books in."Honestly, the bookcase is just there!" Terry grumbled leaping out of his bed in frustration. Freddie just rolled over in his sheets, burying his face in his pillow with a low moan. Leonard just rolled his eyes. "Thanks, Teddy." He said.Teddy tensed looking up at him, but Leonard was too busy attempting to straight the stack of books to notice. "No problem." He got up and walked over to his side of the room."Come on, Freddie. Breakfast's is about to begin." Terry called out in a voice that told Teddy this was the usual morning routine they went through everyday. When Freddie didn't move Terry yanked off his bed covers."Alright! I'm coming! I'm coming!"In a few minutes all four of them were changed. Terry, Leonard and Daniel's bed were made before they began to pack their schoolbags which they slung over their shoulders. Teddy struggled to keep up with them. "I'm off to the Greenhouse." Daniel said. Teddy's mouth gaped. It'd been the first time he'd ever heard him speak. Daniel had a strong British accent that caught Teddy completely off guard."Library." Leonard said simply, following Daniel out of the dorm. Teddy tried his hardest to make his bed as neat as the others, but was struggling with the corners. Terry glanced at him, but didn't offer to help. He grabbed his broom and left. The moment he did Freddie fell back on his unmade bed, letting out a tired yawn. "Not a morning person, huh?"The blonde haired boy jumped, not realizing that Teddy was still in the room. "No, not really." He admitted."You guys seem to have a routine all down pat."He shrugged. "Yeah, we've been roommates since our first year." There was silence as Teddy looked down at his makeshift bed then glanced at the others. He sighed, shaking his head and giving up. "Is it weird? Moving up here.""A little weird, but more awkward than weird I guess."Freddie looked slightly guilty and stared down at his hands. "Sorry... for giving you the cold shoulder last night.""It's okay, I'm used to that sort of thing." He mentally cursed himself after seeing Freddie's cheeks grow redder with guilt. Slowly he piled his large textbooks into his school bag. Freddie watched him, his things already packed and lying on his chest. "Anyway, I should go if I want to send my dad this letter before Potions.""Can I come with you?" Freddie surprisingly asked."Yeah, sure." Teddy said with an overenthusiastic nod. The two of them walked up towards the Owlery, both panting by the time they reached top of the stairs. "Honestly, I've never understood why they keep the Owlery so high up." Freddie panted in agreement, putting his hands on his knees while Teddy walked over to one of the school owls."So is it true?""Hm?""That you and your dad are part of Dumbledore's official army?"Teddy let out a quick snort, his eyes following the owl that soared from the Owlery carrying his letter in its beak. "I wish. My Dad yes, but me... I don't think he wants me to have anything to do with the 'army'." He said, remembering the hushed tones of Remus and Tonks and the numerous time the Order had asked him to go upstairs while they had their meetings. "Besides, for now I'm just trying to graduate school. Make a few new friends. Guess I got one thing off my list.""What? You graduated?" Freddie said in astonishment and Teddy laughed."No, I made a new friend.""I'm your friend?""Sure, if you want to be." He leaned against the railing. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Freddie doing the same. "So what class do you have first?""I've got Potions first, then Dark Arts with Professor Snape." He said with a shudder. "I suck at the Dark Arts, great at Potions though- not when I'm under pressure of course. But I still got into the NEWT class.""I didn't take you as a Potions Master." He asked, leaning to one side so he could face Freddie but still see the terrific view of the Black Lake. Freddie nodded. Teddy had begun to notice that the shaggy blonde boy, that reminded him almost of an upside down light bulb, couldn't seem to take a compliment without blushing. And owl flew over their heads and Teddy ducked, flicking a feather from his hair. "I'm in the NEWT level class for Potions too.""Are you in any other NEWT classes, Teddy?""Let's see." He mumbled, thinking back to the result papers he'd left in their dorm. "I got into Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms and Potions, all with 'Outstanding's'. And I just made it into Transfiguration with an 'Exceeds Expectations'." Freddie looked surprised and impressed."That's really good.""Thanks, Freddie. I'm gonna get a head start and go to Potions now, you coming?" He said."No, I'm okay. I'm getting breakfast first, aren't you hungry?""Nah, I'm good." He grinned, taking the first of many steps down the stairs.

Don't forget to keep those comments coming! Love reading them!Chapter 8- Living Death -The potions classroom looked the same as usual, but yet it was different somehow. The room was warmer and lighter than usual. A table stood at the end of the room, on which several potions were bubbling loudly. He looked around but didn't see the new professor. Guessing he had yet to arrive, Teddy chose a spot at one of the long tables. He leaned down to pick up a quill that'd fallen on the ground with the lightest of sounds."Why hello." A jolly voice said from beside him and he jumped, hitting the back of his head on the table. He rubbed it, standing straight and holding onto the table edge. "Oh, sorry." Professor Slughorn chuckled. "Didn't mean to sneak up on you. Are you alright?""I'm fine." He said, thinking about the epic bruise that'd most likely formed on the back of his head."A bit early don't you think, to be coming to class." He said, walking over to his desk and putting down his things. "Or did you need something, Mr?""Teddy Lupin."Slughorn's eyes lit up. "Ah, yes. Tesdon Lupin.""Please, just call me Teddy, sir.""I've heard a lot about you, Teddy." He held out his hand excitedly and wrapped it around Teddy's, shaking strongly. Teddy gave a smile fake smile. He'd been nervous about the new teacher, after the last few hadn't been so amazing. After somehow slipping his hand free from Slughorn's grip, he quickly tucked it into his robe pocket. "You have?""Of course!" He spoke loudly, eyes still shimmering. "I've heard you're quite the Dark Arts students, good with dueling too according to Professor Flitwick. And it's not everyday you meet a half-Werewolf." He sounded like a collector who'd just come face to face with the newest object to act to his collection. Teddy didn't know whether to feel flattered or not. It all took him by surprise. "So tell me, why are you here so early my boy? Class doesn't start for a little while.""Just thought I'd get a head start. Excited I guess." He shrugged, still looking at the professor cautiously."And you should be, I've got some good stuff planned for today." Slughorn motioned for him to sit down which he did. "You know, you look just like your father.""You knew him?""Yes, I taught him Potions. Good student. Didn't know him that well though. Quite a quiet kid. Never invited him to the club in the end.""Club, sir?""Another story for another time." He looked up at Teddy, who was still standing slightly beside his table. The Professor gave a small smile. "I understand that you may feel a little cautious towards me, Teddy- and I don't blamed, considering the last batch of new teachers that you've met." He said, taking a few steps around his desk towards his student. "But I promise you, I'm nothing like them."Teddy looked up at him, spending a second to read the professor's eyes. Eventually, he grinned confidentially, giving a quick nod. "Attaboy!" The professor grinned. Students began to walk through the doors, looking around the classroom then at the professor. "Ah, welcome. Welcome. Alright, everybody grab your books and meet me at the front of the classroom."Soon they were all standing in front of the large table of potions and the professor had begun to teach the class. Teddy saw Hermione and immediately stood next to her. "Hey, Teddy." A familiar voice whispered, standing on the other side of him. Hermione kept glancing over Teddy's shoulder to look at Freddie in surprise and confusion, then she would look up at Teddy himself and he would shrug."Now attention to detail in the preparation is the prerequisite of all planning." Slughorn said and turned around when he heard footsteps at the door. Harry and Ron were peeping into the classroom.Teddy had heard about Slughorn allowing students who'd gotten 'Exceeds Expectations' on their OWLs to join the NEWT level class. "Ah, Harry my boy. I was beginning to worry. You brought someone with us, I see.""Ron Weasley, sir." He said, looking a little shabby with his tie hanging out and his shirt half tucked into his pants. "But I'm dead awful at Potions. A menace, actually so... I'm probably just gonna-" He turned around but harry stopped him."Nonsense! We'll sort you out. Any friend of Harry's is a friend of mine. Get your books out.""Sorry sir," Harry said. "I haven't actually got my book yet. And nor has Ron.""Don't worry, get what you want from the cupboard." Slughorn said, flicking his hand impatiently then turning back to the class. "Now as I was saying. I've prepared some concoctions this more. Any idea what there might be?"Unsurprisingly, Hermione's hand was the first and only to shoot up. "Yes, Miss...?""Granger, sir." She took a few steps towards the table. "That one there is Veritaserum." She pointed and Teddy's eyes flicked to Harry and Ron, standing in front of the cupboard. "It's a truth-telling serum. And that one is Polyjuice Potion, terribly tricky to make. And that is Amortentia. The most powerful love potion in the world."She stood in front of a potion in which large plumes of smoke were drifting out of. The smoke changed colour as she stood near it. "It's rumored to smell differently to each person, according to what attracts them. For example, I smell freshly mowed grass and new parchment and spearmint toothpaste-"She shook her head, snapping out of her trance. A few of the other girls had begun to creep towards the potion seductively and Teddy pursed his lips to stop himself from snickering."Now Amortentia doesn't create actual love, of course. That's impossible." Slughorn said, ignoring the girls edging closer and closer to the colour changing smoke. Teddy too. had begun to smell the concoction, yet not strongly enough to be completely obsessed by it.He sniffed at the sent of chocolate, the type his father always carried around, a dense forest and the pages of a book."But the potion does cause a powerful infatuation or obsession. For that reason, it is probably the most dangerous potion in this room." There was a clang as he shut the lid on the potion and the girls walked backwards embarrassed."Sir, you haven't told us what's in that one." One of them said, pointing to a tiny vial, no long that Teddy's finger."Ah yes," he took the little vial and held it up to the class. "What you see before you, ladies and gentlemen, is a curious little potion known as Felix Felicis. But it is more commonly referred to as-""Liquid Luck." Hermione said in awe."Yes, Miss Granger. Liquid Luck." He continued to display the vial which Teddy looked at curiously. "Desperately tricky to make. Disastrous should you get it wrong. One sip and you will find that all your endeavors succeed... at least until the effects wear off." He added eventually before putting the vial back. "So. This is what I offer each of you today. One tiny vial of liquid luck to the student who, in the hour that remains, manages to brew an acceptable Draught of Living Death, the recipe for which can be found on page ten of your textbooks."There was a loud rustling of pages and Teddy glanced down at the recipe. It looked extremely difficult and he glanced over at Freddie who was looking exceedingly worried."You should know," Slughorn said proudly. "That in all my previous years of teaching at Hogwarts, not once did a student brew a potion of sufficient quality to claim this prize. In any event, good luck to you all." His eyes drifted from Harry, to Hermione, to Teddy in a way that just seemed to add to the pressure. "Let the brewing commence."Teddy ran over to his table and then to the shelves to collect the ingredients. Once he was ready he begun to read the instructions. The first steps were easy and included a lot of pouring, mixing and timing. 'Step 6: Cut up one Sopophorous bean.'He grabbed a knife, then his bean and sliced down. But the bean slipped from under the blade and whizzed across the room. He tried again, holding the bean this time. But the result was the same. It was like the bean was purposely jumped away from the blade before it could come in contact. "Come on." He muttered."Gah!" Freddie gasped from beside him as another students bean flew an inch past his face."Sorry!"Beans were flying everywhere, smashing into shelves and other students. "How did you do that?" Hermione asked and he looked up to see her gawking at Harry, who'd somehow cut his bean and was squeezing the juices into his cauldron."Crush it don't cut it." He replied."No, the instructions specifically sat to cut." There was light tinkle as another glass on the shelf was broken by a flying bean."No, really." Harry insisted and Hermione glanced down at her textbook. Finally, Teddy was able to catch his knife on the edge of the bean and squeeze its juices into his cauldron.Teddy wiped his hot forehead. Soon the hour was nearly complete and students potions were acting up. One boy's ladle was melted, Seamus' potion exploded, a Gryffindor girl's cauldron spat out a large pile of green goop and Teddy's occasionally caught fire.Hermione's didn't look too good either, her hair was messy and her forehead sweaty from stress. Harry;s on the other hand looked perfectly fine and soon when the hour was done Slughorn was staring at it in awe. He let a small leaf drop into the completely black potion and watched as it disintegrated immediately."Merlin's Beard! It's perfect." He chuckled in glee. "So perfect I daresay one sip would kill us all! Here you are then, as promised." He held out the small vial to Harry. "One bottle of Felix Felicis. Use it well."The class clapped for Harry, who gave a small smile back. "How'd you do it?" Teddy asked as the walked out of the classroom."Luck, I guess."

Hey Readers,I'm going on a school camping trip for about 4-5 days soon and this means I won't be active for a while.But I promise I will post a new chapter as soon as possible.- DawnTideChapter 9- Traits of a Great Dueler -"You sure you don't want to have a go at it?" Teddy asked Freddie, standing outside the classroom that was temporarily being used to hold the Ravenclaw Dueling Club tryouts."I'm good." Freddie said. "I'm not sure getting shot spells at is my cup of butterbeer." Teddy smiled as he fussed over his appearance, flattening his hair and dusting off his robes. "Are you nervous?""Huh?" Teddy looked up. "Oh, yeah a little. It's my first club and all...""Oh, well good luck." Freddie said, awkwardly patting him on the shoulder before walking off down the corridor. "See you later!""Bye." He waved as he went, before twiddling his wand over and over in his hands. He glanced at the other Ravenclaw students, gathered outside the classroom. Most of them had been in the club the year before. He wondered how Ron was doing with Quidditch tryouts, which had begun a few minutes ago. He knew there was a good chance of him getting, especially seeing that Harry had been elected Quidditch Captain that year. Suddenly, the doors to the classroom opened a dark skinned girl stood in the doorway.She smiled at the crowd of students. "Welcome to the Ravenclaw duelling tryouts!" A few students clapped, others whispered excitedly. She seemed to straighten with pride. "I am Anna, you dueling club captain. Now, I want you to know that although you may have gotten into the team last year that does not mean you will be selected this year. It's simple. I will be watching you all today and will post the list of the seven selected students who I think have shown the greatest potential on the Ravenclaw noticeboard before dinner this afternoon." She paced back and forth in front of the doors, staring at each one of them intently.The excited whispering had turned to nervous looks and Teddy got the feeling that Anna was hard to impress."Out of those selected seven, only four will be chosen to compete in this years inter-school competition. So let's see what you've got. Come in." The all filed into the room and stood against the wall. The room had been cleared and three long blue dueling mats had been laid across the floor. "Now today I will be judging you on your certain skill sets. Or as I like to call them, your O.D.E's. Offense, Defense and Endurance."She continued pacing on the mat. "For all of you have never before dueled competitively before," Teddy looked up. "You might wanna consider leaving now." The students around Teddy laugh rhythmically. "But for those of you who have never done the sport before and for some reason are still here, listen closely. To begin combatants face each other, bow walk away good distance away from each other, then at the count of three attempt to disarm, stun, defeat and or slightly injure your opponent.""Rules are also simple. Only magical means could be used there will be no physical contact, of course no illegal spells are allowed and be warned, serious injuries will result in point deductions and disqualification in a real competition. Now who wants to go first?"A few hands shot up. Teddy looked at them then raised his hand slowly, glancing back at Anna who was smirking. "Just so you know, the first one up will be dueling with me." All hands immediately shot down, except for Teddy's whose remained high up in the air. Anna stared at him, her eyes hungry and smug. "Haven't seen your face round here before."The crowd parted, making way for the sleek duelist to strut straight up to him, her face soon only inches from his. "Name." She ordered. Teddy felt increasingly vulnerable under her gaze as she looked him up and down judgmentally."Teddy Lupin."An eyebrow twitched but her expression remained the same. Her eyes looked him up and down making him feel increasingly vulnerable. It was almost as if she was trying to decide what to make of him. "What made you come here today?""Huh?" He cleared his throat nervously. Whenever he looked in her eyes he was reminded of the saying 'she can smell fear'. "Oh, um..." Finally he summoned some confidence. "I'm thinking of doing duelling professionally, once I graduate.""Really? You think you got what it takes?" Her tone was mocking.He silently glanced at the other Ravenclaws, then back to Anna. "I think so.""Have you ever been to duelling club before?""No.""Have you ever been to a duelling match before?""No."She crossed her arms incredulously. "Have you had any experience with competitive duelling?""I have dueled before, yes.""But not competitively?"He shrugged. "Not in the sense you're thinking of.""So you what? Thought you could just waltz in here, in your second last year, and expect that out of all these skilled students, who have been doing this way longer than you have, you'll be chosen for the team?"He nodded. "Never to late to try something new, right? Besides I think I've got what it takes." The students froze around him and Anna let out a single sharp laugh. Teddy felt his heart jump."I've seen you duel before, Wonder Boy. I was there last year when Potter was teaching in the Room of Requirement." She circled around him, remind him of a prowling lioness. "And I know for one you're a sloppy dueler."Teddy narrowed his eyes. "Excuse me? Professor Flitwick said-""Please, as if any of the Professors in this school know as much about duelling as I do." She said whilst rolling her eyes. "I know what makes a great dueler. And you, don't have what it takes.""What makes you say that?" He said.She smirked. "You may know the right spells, Teddy, but you lack composure.""Composure?" He turned around as she circled him, not letting her leave his sight."Spells aren't just something you cast and hope it works. Spells require composure, tranquility. If you don't relax and stay in your right state of mind you'll hesitate. And that's what you do Teddy, you hesitate.""I don't hesitate-"She held up a hand to silence him. "Your lack of composure also effects your quick thinking skills. Making you act without thinking and... well, it's a wonder you're still alive." She had stopped circling him and was walking back to the center of the room. "Sorry, but you're not what I'm looking for." Teddy stood still, his back straight and tense."Gimme a chance." She spun around slowly in surprise. "I may surprise you.""Very little ever surprises me, Teddy." Her eyes scanned him one last time before she pulled out her wand, standing on the mat silently. She glared at Teddy sourly. "Well... come on! Wand out and on the mat. Best out of three."Everyone watched as Teddy joined Anna on the duelling mat, pulling his wand from his wand holster. He swallowed the sick taste in his mouth and stared down at Anna, who was only about half his size. "Wands at the ready!" She yelled clearly and the two of them held their wands in front of their face. "Bow!" They both bowed, then turned around taking a few steps away from each other. Finally, the both turned around.Anna confidentially and casually pointed her wand at him, Teddy did the same. "Three... Two... One... Locomotor Mortis!"Teddy was caught off guard as suddenly his feet flew together, causing his to fall over with a thud. The Ravenclaws around him all burst out with laughter as he struggled to pull his feet apart. He looked up at Anna who was smiling down at him, her hands on her hip. "Go back to the Common Room, Teddy." She took a few steps away, leaving him lying on the mat."You said best out of three!""Just accept defeat, Wonder Boy.""I want best out of three." He demanded through gritted teeth. Anna peered over her shoulder at him. She stood silently for a few minutes then pointed her wand at his feet. "Finite Incantatem." He finally stood up, his feet no longer sealed together. "Fine. You want another round? Let's go."They repeated the same actions as earlier, standing on either end of the mat. "Three... Two... One...""Stupefy!" She flicked his spells away and shot a large ball of green flames in his direction. "Impedimenta!" The ball slowed down until it stopped midair."Expelliarmus!" She shouted and he jumped out of the way. The spell missed his hand but hit his hip, sending a numb pain up his side."Incarcerous!" He flourished his wand and long ropes shout out of his wand, wrapping around Anna's legs. She let out a small surprised yell as she stumbled and hit the mat hard. "How's that for quick thinking?" He said, tapping his wand against the palm of his hand as she untied her legs and stood up.One last round. They were at a tie. "Three. Two. One." She said quickly. This time Anna went all out. White slash marks came down towards Teddy which he blocked. But more of them kept coming. Anna's hand was flicking so fast it was like a blur, yet her face was composed. Teddy grunted with each strike that he repelled. He was being push further back to the edge of the mat."Reducto!" He was able to push her back. He panted for a second then advance towards her. "Reducto! Reducto! Stupefy!" He shouted constantly. Now Anna was being forced back, she gritted her teeth, occasionally flicking a offensive spells in his direction. "Expel-""Everte Statum!"Teddy gasped as he thrown backwards into the air, did a three sixty and the landed on his back on the other end of the mat, winded. He gasped to replace the air that'd been thrown out of his lungs. He blinked painful tears from his eyes and once again found the Duelling Captain standing above him. "Best out of three. Just like you wanted."She offered him her hand, which he hesitantly took. "Have a nice day, Ted." She ruffled his hair, walking back to the other Ravenclaw students. He turned around defeated and walked to the large double doors. "Hey, Wonder Boy." He spun around, wincing at the aching feeling in his back. "Just then, when you fired that first Reducto curse."He cocked his head slightly and nodded. She smiled achievingly. "You saw an opening and took it. That's what I'm looking for... too bad you let your guard down." His expression fell slightly further as he exited to the room. The door shut with a loud bang behind him. Freddie was outside and looked concerned when he saw his friend's face. "How'd it go?""Not good."

Chapter 10- Potential -"Now I'm really glad I didn't tryout for duelling." Freddie said as they walked from the Great Hall and up the moving staircase. The two had spent the whole of dinner talking about the duelling tryouts. Teddy had considered introducing Freddie to Harry, but he had spent the entire time staring into an old potions book. He was however able to congratulate Ron on getting the Keeper position of the Gryffindor team and was able to introduce Teddy to Arkie. "I mean, I've heard of Anna and I've seen her around the Ravenclaw Tower, but I've never actually talked to her. She sounds scary." Freddie spoke."She was more... intense than scary." Teddy replied, brushing his hand up the cold stone railing. "I didn't know clubs were that intense.""They aren't." Freddie panted, struggling to keep up with Teddy. "But Anna's very competitive and the current Hogwarts Duelling Club Champion for four years in a row, at least that's what I've heard. But duelling is also an intense sport, dangerous too." The staircase eventually stopped moving, allowing the two boys to walk onto the fifth floor. Below them students were also heading off to their common rooms. Teddy remembered once watching the students from the ground floor before walking off to his private dorm.He no longer felt like an outsider, now he felt like part of the crowd. It was weird, stressful and soothing at the same time. He no longer felt the need to keep his guard up. "I do hope you get in." Freddie interrupted his thoughts."Thanks mate." He replied nudging him as they began to climb the spiral staircase towards the Ravenclaw Tower. "Anna's probably already posted the list of the seven selected students." The bronze eagle door knocker watched them closely."What has only two words,but thousands of letters?""A post office." Freddie replied quickly. Teddy gave him an impressed look and the pudgy boy shrugged. "My older brother used to ask me a lot of riddles. You ready?" They walked inside, ignoring how everyone suddenly seemed to find a reason to avoid Teddy as the two headed over to the noticeboard, searching among the hundreds of flyers for the Duelling Club members.On the other side of the room, sitting in one of the large comfy couches with Marcus, staring at Teddy sourly, his Head Boy badge glinting on his collar. "Found it." Freddie pointed at one of the many scrolls pinned to the board. Teddy's green eyes flew over the page, reading each name.Jason H.Indigo J.Benjamin D.Stephen A.Angela P.Marcus T.Teddy stared at the Head Boy, a strong disliking rumbled in his stomach as the tall boy smiled smugly, his eyes still soar as he glanced down at the book in his lap. He hadn't seen him at the tryouts, but then again there'd been a lot of students present. "Teddy, look!" Freddie frantically tugged at the shoulder of his robes, pointing at the last name on the list.Tesdon L.Teddy stared at it silently in disbelief. "I got in." He mumbled, the words numb. Suddenly his face lit up. "I got in!" He shouted and blushed when he was instantly shushed."You got in!" Freddie beamed, once again pulling on his robes. "Come on, we need to tell the guys!" They both clambered to the staircase leading to the boys dorms. But just before they reached it Anna climbed down from the girls staircase and smirked at Teddy whose face was slightly flushed with excitement. "Nice job, Wonder Boy.""Thank you." He replied after a quick breath. "Guess I do have what it takes."She raised an eyebrow, still smirking. "Don't get cocky, you only just made the cut. You surprised me... like you said you would." Teddy watched as he posture straightened. "You're still a sloppy dueler though, and you're going to have to work hard to catch up with your peers.""I will." He replied with a determined nod."And I won't be easy on you. You're in the NEWT level Dark Arts class right? Good, you'll be learn non verbal spells this year, I want you to pay extra attention to them. Don't be late to training... ever!"Teddy was too happy to be afraid of her serious tone and instead he just continued to nod. "I won't, I promise." Finally, he followed Freddie up the stairs and into their dorm at the end of the hall. Teddy peered up at the golden plaque. His name glinted at the bottom and he felt a wave of happiness wash over him as he opened the door.Leonard was lying on the large mat in the center of the room, scribbling frantically on a sheet of parchment, Terry was sitting next to him waxing his Firebolt and Daniel was on his bed trimming the latest addition to his plant collection."You two are in a good mood." Leonard said, glancing up from his homework. Freddie hoped over to his bed. Teddy beamed, remembering how only a few hours ago Freddie was as quiet as a mouse beside him and would barely meet his eyes, now Teddy was beginning to see his more playful and excited side."Teddy got in!" Freddie pulled up the chest at the end of his bed and riffled through the snacks and pranks.Leonard continued to stare down at him half completed homework, his wand tucked behind one ear. "To what?" Terry had his back turned to Teddy and barely seemed to notice him come in, instead he sorted through his broom care gear. He was still dressed in his Quidditch uniform which was covered in grass stains.Freddie threw a chocolate frog box to Teddy, who caught it and hungrily opened it, passing the Dumbledore card to Freddie. "The Ravenclaw Duelling club." He answered taking a large bite of the croaking confectionery and closing his eyes to savour the rich flavour. Leonard looked up again his mouth slightly open. "You did? Really?"Teddy shrugged, landing on his bed. "Really, really.""Well congrats, Teddy.""Thanks, Leonard."Daniel gave a small congratulating smile, which Teddy kindly returned.Terry had begun to wax his broomstick for the second time. "Yeah, nice job." His voice sounded distant and distracted."Thanks, Terry. Oh, and how were Quidditch tryouts? They were today right?"Terry shrugged, still staring down at his broom handle. "Good. We've got ourselves a new Chaser and Beater. Now as good as last years though."Teddy swallowed the last of his chocolate frog, staring up at the picture decorating his canopy bed. He couldn't wait to tell Arkie all about it, and his dad! He still hadn't gotten a reply from him for his last letter, but then again he hadn't really expected one. He had no idea where his father was nor what he was doing.Thinking silently for a second he grabbed a spare sheet of parchment from his bedside table and began to write.Dear Moony,Tonight I tried out for theRavenclaw duelling team and I got in!I hope you're safe and well.I know you must be very busy at the moment.Say 'hi' to Tonks for me.Again, good luck with the upcomingfull moon.Love and best wishes,Teddy LupinHe rolled up the parchment and rested it back on his bedside table. "Hey, Fred." Freddie looked up at him, chocolate and brightly coloured popping candy covered the corners of his mouth. "You've got quite the collection of pranks in there. Do you use them a lot?" He gestured to the open chest. Freddie blushed, glancing at Leonard and Daniel."Actually, I planned to use them last year.""What for?"Freddie offered the packet of popping candy to Teddy who politely turned it down. "Well, it was all originally for Umbridge, but I never got the chance to use them."Teddy's expression darkened and he instinctively glanced down at the back of his hand where the scars of the toadish woman's punishments stared back at him. The words were almost impossible to read, there were so many of them, the only one that Teddy could really make out was 'Half-breed'. "It's too bad, I never got to see you use them."Freddie was sticking his hand back into the popping candy packet, pulling out another colourful handful. "Yeah, I didn't get to use all of them though. Not really much of a prankster, so if you need to use them go ahead.""I'll keep that in mind." He laughed, looking up at the starry ceiling. "You excited for the Hogsmeade trip tomorrow?""Merlin's bear, yeah!" Freddie's bed creaked as he bounced excitedly."What do you guys usually do?"Freddie crunched up the empty candy packet and threw it in his chest, wiping the sides of his mouth. "Well, I like to visit Honeydukes, but Leonard spends all his time in Tomes and Scrolls bookstore. Terry's the one who usually escorts me to Honeydukes when he isn't standing outside Quality Quidditch Supplies and Zonko's joke shop.""And what about you Daniel?"Daniel looked up but as usual didn't say a word, so instead Freddie spoke for him. "Daniel doesn't usually go to Hogsmeade, but he does sometimes use the tunnels to meet us all at the Three Broomsticks. Did you know there are tunnels out of the school?" Teddy nodded, remembering the Marauders Map hidden away in his chest."I do. Fred and George showed my in my third year.""So what do you usually do in Hogsmeade, Teddy?" Freddie asked lying on his stomach."Well, my dad and I actually own a house down there. I usually drop in for a visit, but the Three Broomsticks is defiantly one of my favourite places to hang with Harry, Hermione and Ron. Which reminds me, I promised I would walk down with them tomorrow to the Three Broomsticks. Maybe I'll meet you all there?""Yeah!"Leonard rolled up his parchment as they room became increasingly dark."Well, I'm going to bed guys. See you in the morning." He yawned."I think I'll do the same." Teddy said, changing out of his robes and tucking himself into his bed. He didn't wait to see the others slip into their own beds before he fell deep asleep.

Chapter 11- Broomstick Bustle -Teddy pulled further at the zip of his jacket. The cold wind whisked snow into his face as he listened in to Harry and Hermione's argument."For weeks, you carry around this book." Hermione ranted as they trudged down the icy cobble path to the Three Broomsticks. "Practically, sleep with it, and yet you have no desire to find out who the Half-Blood Prince is.""The who?" He asked curiously."Apparently that's who the book belongs to."He let out a small snort but no one else was laughing. Harry shoved his cold hands into his pockets roughly. "I didn't say I wasn't curious, Hermione- and I don't sleep with it.""Well, it's true." Ron butted in. "I used to get a nice chat before I go to bed. Now all you do is that bloody book. It's like being with Hermione." For once Hermione didn't respond with an offended look, instead she just nodded in agreement."It is true, Harry." Terry said. "Every time I try to introduce my friends to you, you're too busy reading that Potions book." They all went silent with Hermione staring down Harry then giving an exasperated sigh."Well, I was curious. So, I went to-""The library." All three of them said at once. Hermione glanced at them then looked down the pathway."And?" Harry added.Her boots crunched against the snow. "And nothing. I couldn't find a reference anywhere to the Half-Blood Prince."Harry raised his hands. "There we go. That settles it, then." Teddy glanced between his three friends, all of whom didn't meet each others eyes. Eventually, Hermione looked away from the pathway."I am excited to meet your new friends, Teddy. I hope you're feeling welcome in the Ravenclaw Tower.""I am." He replied watching his own breath in the cold wind. "It's actually really nice. Very spacious, and I've found some good people to hand with.""Full moon's tonight isn't it?""Yeah." He shrugged, not sounded the least bit concerned. "I'll be doing it in my old room.""Where's Arkie? Isn't she joining us?""No, she's gone clothes shopping with her friends." He said with a smile.Suddenly there was another voice in front of them and they looked up to see Professor Slughorn walking past Professor Flitwick. "Ah, Filius. I was hoping to find you in the Three Broomsticks.""Uh no... ugh, emergency choir practice" The Charms Professor replied quickly, hobbling in the opposite direction, towards the train station. Harry had stopped walking, staring at the Potions Master as he walked into the familiar pub. He had a strange look in his eyes, the kind of look someone on a mission would have."Does anyone fancy a butterbeer?" He asked, speed walking forward without waiting for the others. Soon they were all kicking the snow off their boots before walking inside the warm pub. Professor Slughorn was standing by the bar, talking to a group of men and women. Teddy was able to hear parts of his conversation."A chum of mine was sledging down Clagsby Hill... We had a very long, home-made Norwegian style sledge. We hurtled down, we hit what most...""Teddy, over here!"Teddy spun around at the sound of Freddie's voice. He was sitting at a long table in the center of the pub. Leonard, Terry and Daniel were all seated next to him, each one holding half finished butterbeers.The four of them joined the table. "This is Freddie, Leonard, Terry and Daniel. Guys this is Harry, Ron and Hermione.""Nice to meet you." Leonard said with a polite tip of his head. Daniel watched them all silently while Terry fumbled with the handle of his tankard. Freddie happily shook hands with each of them."We thought you weren't coming, Ted.""We were side tracked." Harry still had his attention on Slughorn, who was laughing incredibly loud. Teddy smiled at the jolly professor before focusing back on his friends."Something to drink?" A woman asked."Four butterbeers," Hermione ordered. "And some ginger in mine, please." The woman nodded, returning shortly with their drinks."So, Teddy, when's your first Duelling training?" Leonard asked."First session's the end of this week.""And the full moon is tonight." Teddy gave him a curious look, surprised he knew that. "I read lunar charts for Astronomy.""Right, yeah it is. But don't worry I'll be downstairs."Freddie took a swig of his butterbeer, finishing it off. Under the table was a full bag of various candy. "We weren't worried.""Oh, bloody hell." Ron suddenly said and Teddy followed his gaze to Ginny and Dean sitting together in the corner."Ron, see they're only holding hands." Hermione rolled her eyes and looked once more at the couple. She straightened, looking slightly disgusted. "And snogging."Ron pushed his drink away. "I'd like to leave.""What? You can't be serious.""That happens to be my sister, Hermione.""So? What if she looked at me and saw you snogging me? Would you expect her to get up and leave?"The thought seemed to make Ron even more uncomfortable and Teddy hid his smile behind his butterbeer. He jumped when suddenly a familiar, loud voice came from behind him."Harry, my boy!" Slugorn chuckled. Teddy was surprised to see the Professor but was even more surprised when Harry welcomed him like he would a long lost friend."Professor, so wonderful to see you."The two shook hands."And you, and you.""So what brings you here, sir?"Slughorn's smile widened and his eyes twinkled brightly. "Oh, the Three Broomsticks and I go way back further than I care to admit." He let out a laugh. "I could remember when it was just One Broomstick." The drink he was holding spilled going on Hermione's lap. She jumped slightly. "Oh, all hands on deck, Granger. Ah, Teddy good to see you too my boy. How have you been?""Fine." He replied after taking a sip."You nervous for tonight."Teddy was uncomfortable that the Professor too knew about the full moon tonight. "Not really, I've got it down pat by now.""Very good, very good. Anyway listen, my boys." He said, looking hopefully at the two of them. "In the old days, I used to throw together the occasional supper party. Select a student or two. Would you two be game?"Teddy opened his mouth to turn down the offer but Harry replied before he could finish. "I consider it an honor, sir." Teddy stared at him then at the Professor."Yeah, I guess so. I'll be there."Slughorn looked down at Hermione. "You'd be welcome too, Granger.""I'd be delighted, sir.""Splendid!" He chuckled. "Look for my owl." Before he left he glanced down at Ron. "Good to see you, Wallenby." Ron gave a small deflated wave goodbye as the Professor hobbled away. He then turned to Harry."What are you playing at?"Harry's took his seat again. "Dumbledore's asked me to get to know him.""Get to know him?" Teddy rested his arms on the table as Harry shrugged."Dunno. But it must be important. If it wasn't, Dumbledore wouldn't ask."

Chapter 12- Quarter-Breed -"I still can't believe all three of you said yes to Slughorn's dinner party." Ron repeated for the fourth time as they all walked back to the train station. The Ravenclaw boys had broken off into their own conversation and Teddy was struggling to listen to both.Harry shrugged his coat further onto his shoulder, shivering. "Like I said, Ron, Dumbledore's want me to get to know him.""Wish he'd tell you what for." Teddy said. Hermione smiled, speeding up slightly in her steps. Ron took the chance to whisper to Teddy and Harry. "Did you hear what she was saying back in the pub there, on me and her snogging?"Teddy smirked, slowing down to join Freddie and the rest of the gang. "They seem nice." Freddie said. He grinned in return."Thanks Freddie-"A blood curdling scream cut him off. Leanne, a Hufflepuff girl who'd been walking a few paces ahead of them, was looking at her friend in horror. Katie Bell was lying on the ground, her red coat bright against the white snow. "I warned her! I warned her not to touch it." She yelled to the others as Teddy ran to her side. He bent down to help pick Katie up but suddenly he body jerked away.It was a truly horrific sight, Katie seemed to be having some sort of fit. Her body was being pulled left and right by some invisible force and suddenly she was raised off the ground, hovering above their heads. Her mouth was open in a silent scream before she fell unconscious to the ground. There was a rhythmic thumping sound and Teddy turned around to see Hagrid marching towards them."Don't get any closer! Get back, all of you!" He yelled over the whistling wind, bending down and picking up the unconscious Katie. "Do not touch that, except for the wrappings! Do you understand?"Teddy turned around to see who he was talking to. Harry was staring at an open package Katie had dropped. Inside was a ominous opal necklace. Leonard was beside Harry in seconds flat, levitating the necklace along with the packaging."And you're sure Katie did not have this in her possession when she entered the Three Broomsticks?" Professor McGonagall asked, staring at the opal necklace lying on her desk. Leanne was standing beside Harry, Hermione, Ron and Teddy, her back slightly bowed."It's like I said. She left to go to the loo. And when she came back, she had the package." She said softly. "She said it was important that she deliver it.""Did she say to whom?"Leanne paused. "To Professor Dumbledore."Mc Gonagall, although looking very worried, didn't seem the least bit surprised. "Very well. Thank you, Leanne. You may go." She nodded as Leanne left, then her wise gaze turn to the other students. "Why is it when something happens, it is always you four?""Believe me, Professor," Ron sighed. "I've been asking myself the same question for six years."The door to the Transfiguration classroom opened and a greasy haired figure walked in. "Oh, Severus." McGonagall motioned to the necklace. Snape lifted it with his wand, beginning to inspect it thoroughly. "What do you think?" She asked."I think Ms. Bell," he said in his usual deep voice, "is lucky to be alive.""She was cursed," Harry blurted out and Teddy gave him a short sideways glance. "Wasn't she? I know Katie. Off the Quidditch pitch, she wouldn't hurt a fly. If she was delivering that to Professor Dumbledore, she wasn't doing it knowingly."McGonagall was still staring at the necklace as Harry spoke, ringing her hands slowly. "Yes, she was cursed."There was a silence in the classroom. Teddy glanced at Harry one more time and could tell he was about to say something stupid, and he did. "It was Malfoy."Both professors turned around slowly. "That is a very serious accusation, Potter" McGonagall said, a silent warning in her voice."Indeed." The Potions Master agreed, his dark eyes boring into Harry's. "Your evidence?""I... I just know."Teddy couldn't help himself from wincing. He wanted nothing more than to sink into the ground and never surface again. Snape cold expression turned even more icy. "You. Just. Know. Once again, you're astonished with your gifts, Potter. Gifts mere mortals can only dream of possessing." Teddy twiddled his fingers behind his back nervously. He knew Snape was angry at him but he could feel his fury in the air. "How grand it must be to be the Chosen One."McGonagall stood forwards. "I suggest you go back to your dormitories. All of you."Teddy was the first to leave the room, breathing in the calm air outside the classroom. He relaxed further when he saw his four friends waiting for him in the large hallway. "What happened?" Terry asked."Not here." He said, looking up and down the hall."So Katie was under an Imperius curse?" Terry was sitting on the edge of his bed. For the first time since Teddy arrived in the Ravenclaw Tower he wasn't busy tending to his broom or doing his homework."And that curse necklace was made for Dumbledore?" Freddie gasped, sitting on the large mat. "Golbin's toes!"Teddy was busy packing up his school bag, grabbing a spare bed sheet, clothes for the morning and some of the sweets Freddie had offered him. "That's what they said.""Who would do such a thing?" Terry said, his twisted into one of slight loathing.Teddy stuffed a crumpled up shirt in his bag. "Harry reckons it was Draco." Terry and Leonard looked at each other, they both look intrigued."Who do you reckon it was?""I don't know, Freddie." He said, which was a half lie. He knew a Death Eater had to someone be behind it, he didn't know their name. "Anyway, I'm off." He pulled the bag over his shoulder."Have fun." Freddie said, then blushed. But Teddy just laugh, walking to the door."Alright. See you guys in the morning." He closed the door, his footsteps echoing as he walked down the hall. Freddie watched as the door closed behind his friend."Have fun?" Terry said, an eyebrow raised."Well what would you say to a Werewolf just before a full moon?"Terry rolled his eyes, his lips pursed as he laid back on his bed and stared at the ceiling. Leonard seemed to be deep in thought, sitting on one of the tall piles of books surrounding his bed. "Half-Werewolf, technically."Freddie cocked his head. "Hey, if Werewolves are considered half-breeds and Teddy's half Werewolf... would that make him a quarter-breed?" A small smile spread on Leonard's face while Terry let out an exasperated sigh. "I mean, just think about it.""Maybe you should ask Tesdon." Leonard suggested."So where exactly is he going for the night?" Terry asked, scrunching a piece of parchment into a small ball and throwing it up in the air before catching it then repeating the action. The starry ceiling cast hundreds of small beams of light around the room."To his old room I think." Freddie said, putting on his pyjama's. "Down of the first floor.""Has anyone seen his room?""No, Dumbledore enchanted it," Leonard said, strolling across the room towards the large windows. "So it allows only Teddy and the professors to go inside. Heard that a student once confused the charm with a Polyjuice Potion on a full moon, but Dumbledore quickly changed that."Terry sat up suddenly. "A student let Teddy out on a full moon. Are they nuts?"Leonard and Freddie's eyes narrowed at the tall boy. But before Freddie could say anything Leonard surprisingly chipped in. "Teddy's not dangerous on full moons, Ter. He's fully in control.""You don't know that! He still left his room didn't he?"Freddie sat on the edge of his bed. "Teddy said it was because he could sense his father in the castle, although he didn't know it at the time."Terry didn't seem convinced as he tossed the ball of paper into a nearby bin. "Yeah, but what if he accidentally bite someone?""Like I said," Leonard leaned against the window pane. "He's half Werewolf, we don't even know if he can pass on the lycanthropy disease.""Draco got scratched, in Teddy's third year."Leonard rolled his eyes as if he'd said the most stupidest thing he'd heard all day. "One, Werewolves aren't made by scratches, only bites and two, Teddy was in human form at the time. And why is this suddenly important to you?""This has always been important to me." Terry said, pointing to himself as he shouted. "Hogwarts is supposed to be a safe place, yet each year we've been put in danger. First it was a serpent-""Basilisk." Leonard corrected."Next there were escaped prisoners and Dementors, then life threatening competitions, next Umbridge and now Werewolves." Freddie and Leonard looked at her each then shrugged. "You've guys have been put in danger so many times you don't even recognise them as dangerous! Daniel, you agree with me, right?"Daniel finally looked up, his face emotionless, but not as much as usual. "Teddy's nice." He said, surprising all four boys with his response."Terry, if Teddy was so dangerous he probably would've attacked someone by now." Freddie tried reasoning with his best friend. But Leonard just looked at the window, glancing up at Leonard occasionally."Well, maybe he's already tried."Leonard's eyes widened in shock. "Terry, you're not suggesting...""What if he had given Katie that necklace-?""Enough!" Leonard shouted and the room feel silent. "Terry, I don't know what it is you have against Teddy but even I know he wouldn't do anything to hurt anyone. Just give the guy a chance." But Terry had already walked out of the room, the door slamming behind him.Freddie huffed. "What's his problem?"

Hey gang!Hope you're enjoying the story still and thank you for all of you who have continued to read this far. My book would be nothing without you.I love this chapter, if I was in the Harry Potter books I'd want nothing more than to be invited to the Slug Club. I think it'd be so cool!Chapter 13- The Slug Club -Arkie watched as her boyfriend dipped his spoon into the glass bowl of ice cream in front of him. He looked absolutely exhausted after his transformation the night before. Dark circles hung underneath his eyes and his complexion was as usual pale and pasty. Yet he had still dressed up for the dinner party and looked quite dashing in the navy blue suit he had borrowed from Leonard.His hair which had a golden tinge from the candle light was neat and his green eyes flicked between each person at the table. The chosen members of the so-called 'Slug Club' were Teddy, Harry, Hermione, Neville, Cormac, Belby, Flora and Hestia Carrow and Ginny Weasley, who had yet to show up. She had remembered getting her invitation only that morning.She'd been happy to accept and felt more comfortable when she'd found out that Teddy had also been invited. The dinner had gone quite quickly and now they were on to desert. Slughorn was watching each and every one of the students, like he was looking through the shelves in a library, trying to decide which book to read first."So tell me, Cormac," he said, turning to the slender, good looking boy who had been watching Hermione in a way that'd made her uncomfortable. "Do you see anything of your uncle Tiberius these days?"Cormac looked happy to respond and proudly straightened in his seat. "Yes, sir, in fact I'm meant to go hunting with him and the Minister of Magic over the holidays.""Oh, well, be sure to give them both my best." Slughorn looked impressed and Arkie suddenly felt out of place among that students. But Teddy had noticed her uncomfortable expression and squeezed her hand , which she had been resting on the table, understandingly. It helped and she smiled warmly at him, reminded that he too would be feeling out of place.The silent moment between the half Werewolf and the herbology extraordinaire had caught Slughorn's attention and he looked curiously at their entwined hands."And what about your uncle, Belby?" He asked a boy who was rudely stuffing his face with the desert. Slughorn turned to the rest of the group. "For those of you who don't know, Marcus' uncle invented the Wolfsbane Potion." Arkie continued to hold Teddy's hand as Slughorn's eyes flicked up to him. "Did you know that, Teddy?"She shook his head slightly. "No, sir, I didn't." His hand had tightened slightly but Arkie just rubbed her thumb on his palm soothingly. "I don't really need them so..." Slughorn leaned forward in his seat."Really? You don't need them at all?""No, I'm in complete control during full moons." His forced to look only at the Professor instead of the other staring students. Arkie's soft rubs on his palm helped him relax and he wished he could share that relaxation with Harry who was looking as stiff as a pencil in his seat."Well, I guess that'd be the upside to your peculiar DNA." Slughorn said, completely invested by the conversation. "Do you know if there are others like you, Teddy?"It been a question Teddy had tried to solve many years ago, before he even went to Hogwarts. Luckily, he'd been able to find a solid answer. "Not on record no. Maybe there was some like me once, but if so we don't know about them.""Extraordinary! So you're practically the only of your kind?"Teddy had never thought of himself as anything but human, sure he accepted his Werewolf heritage, and was quite proud of it, but he was still human. However, Slughorn's words, although he knew he didn't intend to, made him feel as though he wasn't even considered a Werewolf... but something different.He could feel Arkie's hand going to his leg and he glanced at her. She smiled reassuringly at him and gave the slightest of nods. She looked beautiful in her peach dress, her long chestnut hair hanging loosely on her shoulders, it'd grown over the holidays, though she had told him she planned on cutting it. Her ears were wound in golden chain earrings and her nails were painted a shiny bronze."I guess so." He put on a genuine smile, looking back at the Potions Master. "Doctors told me I was some sort of 'medical mystery'." Slughorn looked as if he was about to fall off his seat from leaning foreword so much."Extraordinary..." He breathed and Teddy tried turning his attention to something else."The desert's amazing by the way.""Oh, yes. Good cook them house elves..." He said, his mind sounding elsewhere. "You a big ice cream fan like Belby here." He laughed. Teddy smiled, twirling his spoon around in his hand."Yes, but I'm more of an custard eclair fan actually.""Oh, I love those things. Used to get them all the time in Paris. Anyway, how's your duelling been going, Teddy?"Arkie took her hand off Teddy's lap, sensing he no longer needed her comfort and was perfectly keen on answering. "Good, I actually got into the Ravenclaw dueling team.""Impressive, impressive. Make sure you tell me if you're selected for the inter-school competition." He turned back to Belby. "Anyway, Belby, is your uncle working on anything new?""I don't know." He replied, his mouth full and chocolate ice cream covering his lips as he continued to dig into his desert while speaking. "He and my dad don't get along." Slughorn looked particularly disappointed while Belby helped himself to another colossal spoonful of ice cream. Teddy also took a small scoop of his own desert."Probably cause my dad says potions are rubbish." Now Slughorn looked even more deflated. "Says the only potion worth having is a stiff one at the end of the day." it was hard to understand Belby as he continued to speak with his mouthful."And what about you, Ms. Granger," Slughorn once again turned in his seat. "What exactly does your family do in the Muggle world?"She put down her spoon, her face flushing red. "My parents are dentists." Everyone looked at her, mostly in confusion. "They attend to people's teeth." She explained.Slughorn once again leaned forward. "Fascinating. And is that considered a dangerous profession?" He asked hopefully."No." Hermione said and Harry showed signs of laughter beside her. She smiled. "Although, one boy, Robby Fenwich, did bite my father once. He needed ten stitches."No one seemed to get the joke but Teddy smiled brightly. The door suddenly opened and Ginny walked in. Her eyes were red and puffy, most likely from crying."Ah, Ms. Weasley. Come in, come in."She ducked her head slightly, heading towards her seat. "Sorry, I'm not usually late.""No matter, you're just in time for dessert. That is if Belby has left you any." Slughorn let out a breathy laugh, but Teddy looked up at Ginny in concern. He'd heard about her and Dean's recent fights from other Gryffindors. Ginny pulled out a seat and at the same time Harry stood up. The two shared and awkward moment before they both sat down.The rest of dinner party went smoothly, with Slughorn trying to get to know each and everyone one of his new possession. He asked Teddy questions about his marks and chosen career paths, as well as his background and occasionally the odd question of his part lycanthropy. Teddy happily answered but occasionally tried to politely avoid his questions as much as possible.Soon everyone was preparing to leave. Arkie, Harry and Hermione were talking to each others in the corner but as Teddy went to join him Slughorn patted him on the shoulder. "I must say, my boy, I didn't make a mistake in inviting you. I'm keen to see your duelling skills too.""Thank you, sir. That means a lot to me." He said truthfully."Work hard enough and you might even find yourself on the shelf."Teddy titled his head. "Sorry, sir?""Over here." He whispered, pulling him towards the back of the room when no one was watching. He led him to a long shelf covered in moving picture frames. Harry recognised Lily Evans, Harry's mother, in one of them and smiled. "All students of mine, each one of grew up to become a somebody.""A somebody?""Yes, someone everyone would recognise in the streets. Each year I select a few promising students, invite them to a dinner party, like tonight's and get to know them. Then I listen to my gut."Teddy grinned. "What does it usually tell you?"Slughorn beamed, scruffing Teddy's hair in a fatherly way, though Teddy wasn't quite sure if he liked it. "I tells me who will most likely achieve greatness. And it's barely ever wrong." He looked back at the shelf, sighing contently. "You've given me that gut feeling tonight, Teddy.""Thank you, sir.""No thank you, my boy. but just between you and me, most of your classmates are unlikely to make the shelf."Teddy pushed down the slight feeling of annoyance, as Arkie was one of those fellow students. But he didn't need the Professor's opinion to know she was going to do great things once she graduated. Soon all the students were saying goodbye and heading back to their dorms."I'll see you tomorrow then?" Arkie said as they walked up the stairs and stopped on the floor of the Hufflepuff common room."Yeah. Will you be coming to the Gryffindor vs Slytherin Quidditch match tomorrow."She gave him an incredulous look. "Of course, I wouldn't miss your friend's first game. How's Ron feeling by the way?""I think he's ready, I just hope that he knows it."

Chapter 14- Quidditch Match and Match Makers -"Oh, no." Teddy sighed, his arm still wrapped around Arkie's waist as she leaned on him. It was Saturday, and the first Quidditch match of the season. Ron had just entered the Great Hall looking almost terrified as he sat down opposite Hermione."You okay, Ron?" He asked, noticing how for probably the first time in his life Ron was staring down at his food unappetizing. "You look paler than I do on full moons." He said, trying to cheer him up. Ron just ignored him."So how was it?" he asked.Hermione looked up from her newspaper the words 'Muggles Dropping Like Flies' written across the front, along with numerous missing people ads. "How was what?""Your dinner party?" Jealousy was plain in his voice.She looked back down at her newspaper. "Pretty boring actually. But I think Harry enjoyed dessert." Ron stared back at his untouched breakfast as Hermione continued. "Slughorn's having Christmas party before the holidays.""Great." Arkie groaned from beside Teddy, he smiled kissing her forehead lightly.Hermione ignored her groans. "I'm about to bring someone."Ron shifted in his seat. "I expect you'll be bringing McLaggen. He's in the Slug Club, isn't he?"The frizzy haired girl set down her paper, looking offended. "Actually, I was going to ask you." Ron looked surprised. A veil of silence fell upon the table. Arkie continued to rest her head on Teddy's shoulder and he made a mental note to ask her to the party when the awkward moment had finished.Suddenly, a short girl, with long curly blonde hair and a way too much make up on tapped Ron's shoulder. Ron looked up in surpised. "Good luck today, Ron." She said with a shy giggle. "I know you'll be brilliant." She trotted off and Teddy tried his best to conceal his smile as Ron went even paler."I'm resigning." He declared, looking sick. "After today's match, McLaggen can have my spot."Harry seemed surprisingly calm as he pushed a cup of orange juice towards Ron. "Juice?""Sure.""Hello, everyone." Luna sat down beside Ron, wearing an enormous hat in the shape of a lion.Teddy brightened at the sight of it. He too had grabbed a Gryffindor scarf and Arkie had put together a sign saying 'Go! Go Gryffindor!'. "Hey, Luna." He beamed. "Nice hat.""Thank you." She suddenly noticed Ron, holding to cup of juice in front of him. "You look dreadful, Ron. Is that why Harry put something in his cup?" Everyone's eyes turned to Harry who didn't shun away. "Is it a tonic?"Suddenly, the shaggy haired boy pushed something into his pocket, a small glass vial.Hermione gasped. "Liquid luck." She whispered. Ron's eyes widened as he stared down at his cup in awe. "Don't drink it, Ron!" But Ron didn't listen, in a few seconds he had downed the whole thing. "You could be expelled for that!" She glared at Harry."I don't know what you're talking about." He replied. Colour returned to Ron's face and a determined shine glinted in his eye."Come on, Harry, we've got a game to win." The two boys nudged each other roughly before walking out of the Great Hall. Teddy shook his head, smiling. He was happy Ron was more confident, but in the end it was very much cheating.The icy air cast a thick fog over the school's Quidditch pitch but the brightly colored Gryffindor uniforms made it easy for Teddy to spot the players. The commentator was having a field day, talking so fast that even Teddy couldn't understand him. The game had only just begun and so far Ron had unsurprisingly blocked every goal the Slytherin's tried to score.The Gryffindors had begun to chant loudly in time. "Weasley! Weasley! Weasley!" Luna's hat let out a mighty roar as Ron blocked yet another goal. So far Slytherin had not scored a single point and lots of outraged cries and yells were coming from the Slytherin stand. "Weasley! Weasley! Weasley! Weasley!"The crowd was getting louder and Ron was beginning to pump his fist in the air triumphantly. "Go Ron!" Arkie shouted between Teddy and Hermione, who was clapping politely and rolling her eyes, yet still wearing a smile. "Woo hoo!"By the end of the game the score were two hundred and fifty to zero. Everyone was wet, tired and extremely excited. "Party in the Gryffindor house!" Someone yelled as the crowd of cheering Gryffindors ran back up to the castle, leaving behind deep footprints in the snow."Good game, Harry." Teddy congradulated."You coming to the Gryffindor common room? You're both invited." He said to Teddy and Arkie."Course we are!"The fat lady looked very shocked to see so many Gryffindor's arriving at once. They were still chanting loudly making all the paintings cover their ears. Once in the common room, Ron was lifted off the ground by Seamus and Dean. "Weasley! Weasley!" Teddy clapped in the corner, laughing at Ron's expression."You shouldn't have done it." Hermione said to Harry unimpressed.Harry leaned against the wall next to Teddy. "I know. I supposed I could have just used the Confundus charm like you did." Teddy looked at them confused.Hermione crossed her arms. "That was different. That was try-outs, this was a natural game." but she stopped when Harry pulled something out of his pocket. The small glass vial, still full of Liquid Luck. "You didn't put in? Ron only thought you did." Harry nodded and Teddy whistled as Ron was put down and at the same time Lavender Brown, the same blonde haired girl who'd wished him luck in the Great Hall, kissed him eagerly. Ron didn't push away but leaned into the kiss which last an uncomfortably long time.The Gryffindors roared loudly and Teddy turned to look at the others, only to realize Hermione was gone. He caught sight of the fat lady painting opening and closing in the distance. Harry too had noticed it and was glancing at Teddy. "I'll go." He said, walking out of the common room. He found Hermione sitting on the stairs of one of the many towers.She was slumped over, tears seeping down her cheeks yet she didn't make more sound than a sniffle. "Hermione?" He said, his voice echoing. She looked over her shoulder and quickly wiped away her tears. There was a soft tweeting sound and Teddy looked at the tiny birds circling around Hermione."Charm spell. Just practising." She said, her breath wavering."It's good. Are you okay?" He asked, sitting down next to her. She was silent, wiping more tears from her eyes and sniffing softly."How do you think Harry feels? When he sees Dean with Ginny." Teddy finally understood what was wrong and put his hand on her shoulder comfortingly. "I see the way he looks at her.""I'm really sorry, Hermione." He said truthfully, opening his mouth but was cut off when two giggling students came running down the stairs. Lavender and Ron came to a sudden stop when they saw the two."Oops!" lavender said in a giggle before whispering loudly to Ron. "I think this room's taken."Teddy felt uncomfortable, but he didn't remove his hand from Hermione's shoulder. He could sense the anger in Hermione and he too had a confusing hatred towards the blonde girl. Lavender walked down the stairs and Ron stayed behind. "What's with the birds?" He asked with a smile.Hermione stood up, pointing her wand at Ron. "Oppugno." The bird, like missiles, flew towards Ron who ducked out of the way. The birds collided with the wall and Ron looked at Hermione, his mouth open. Then he ran after Lavender, Hermione sat back down on the floor, weeping.

Chapter 15- Coolio -"She was so upset, I'm going to meet her and Harry in the library now." Teddy said as he watched Arkie walk around the green room, tending to a plant with long snapping vines."I thought that might be the case."Teddy picked up a small hand shovel and began turning it around in his hand, wiping dirt off the blade. "What do you mean?" Arkie took the hand shovel from him and began using it to put soil into a large pot. She wiped her hot forehead with her glove, leaving a dirt stained behind. "Well, apparently Lavender let it slip that you and Hermione were having a 'moment'.""What?" He bent down to help her lift the heavy pot onto the table. "Arkie, I promise you that isn't-""I know. I didn't think it sounded like something you would do either."They grunted in unison as the pot landed on the table, making it shake and creak. "I barely know that girl and I already hate her." He sighed, putting his hands on his waist."Careful, Teddy." Arkie replied. "Hate is a strong word.""I'm sorry, but I just don't get a good feeling around her. And now she's Ron's girlfriend, he spent all morning explaining how he and Lav were 'soulmates'." He shuddered."You gotta be supportive of Ron, Teddy.""And I will... try."Arkie made a small hole in the pot and put in one of the strange plants. "Anyway, give Hermione my best.""I will- Oh, that reminds me were you invited to Slughorn's Christmas party at the end of the term?""No, I wasn't.""Well then." He said standing in front of her. "Will you consider joining me as my date?" He asked, remembering when he had first ask Arkie to the Yule Ball. He'd been so nervous. Arkie's golden flecked eyes shone. "Why yes, Teddy. I would love to." She raised herself on to her toes and kissed his cheek.Hermione moved through the library, her back straight a huge pile of books in her arms. Both Harry and Teddy followed behind her. "Ron's at perfect liberty to kiss whomever he likes. I really couldn't care less." Teddy knew better but instead nodded, sensing she was not in the mood to be pointed out as mistaken. "Was I under the impression he and I would be attending Slughorn's Christmas party together? Yes." She huffed.Teddy watched as she placed her books back onto the shelves as she walked. "Now, given the circumstances, I had to make other arrangements.""Have you?" Harry asked."Yes. Why?" She asked, finally stopping to look at him."Well, I just thought seeing as neither of us are going with who we'd really like to... We should go together, as friends." Hermione's eyes widened and she let out a soft groan."Why didn't I think of that?"Teddy looked between the two. "Well, who are you going with?""Um..." Hermione went a deep shade of red. "It's a surprise. Anyways, it's Harry's we have got to worry about. You can't just take anyone." She looked around,s tanding slightly closer to the boys and whispering. "You see that girl over there?" Her eye flicked to a beautiful black haired girl who'd been watching Harry since he'd entered the library. "That's Romilda Vane. Apprently, she's trying to smuggle you a love potion.""Really?" Harry said, almost sounding honored.Hermione snapped her fingers sharply in front of his face. "Hey! She's only interested in you because she thinks you're the Chosen One."Harry smiled childishly. "But I am the Chosen One." Teddy let out a quick laugh, covering his mouth with his hand.Smack!Hermione's book collided with the back of Harry's head and he blinked, snapping back into reality. "Okay, sorry, um... Kidding. I'll ask someone I like." He paused. "Someone cool."Sorry for the short chapter, will update soon.

Another short chapter.Sorry.Chapter 16- Duelling Gold Badge -"Line up!"Anna had arrived exactly on time to the long room dedicated to the dueling teams. Which was good, as it saved Teddy the awkward wait along with the other six chosen members, including Marcus Turner. All of them lined up against the wall like soldiers, their wands tucked away in their wand holsters and their Ravenclaw robe immaculate.Anna's lip curled up in a half smile as she paced in front of them, like a general."Congratulations, you all made the dueling team." She said, but didn't sound very congratulating. "Now, there are a few things you should know about me before we begin and they are; I am not patient, I despise tardiness, there will be no whining or complaints at all and I want no funny business off the dueling mats, meaning no fighting." she glanced once at Marcus who barely noticed.She continued to pace back a forwards, wand in her hand which was tucked behind her back. "Now I've only got a few weeks to whip you Flobberworms into shape before the inter-school competition shortly after the Christmas holidays. So lets get to work.""You." She pointed. "Turner. On the mat. You too, Lupin. Hurry up."Teddy's eyes widened. "But aren't you going to walk us through the rules and stances and stuff like that?" Her eyes narrowed."Didn't I say no complaining? On the mat, Lupin. Now!" He quickly followed her instructions, standing inches away from Marcus who looked eager to begin. "You both know how this works, wands out, bow, take a few steps away from each other, turn around and one the count of three, begin. Wands at the ready!"Teddy watched as Marcus pulled out his wand, holding it in front of his face. "Last chance to run back to your master, mutt." He hissed silently."Teddy! Wand out!" Anna yelled, her fists on her hips."Sorry.""Don't apologize, pull your wand out! Merlin's beard... alright. Bow." The two Ravenclaw's bowed and then began to walk to the end of either side of the mat, spinning around and getting into position. "One! Two! Three!"Teddy sat on the bench, rubbing his sore shoulder. Marcus was on the other side of the room, dabbing a tissue on his bleeding nose. His eyes bore into Teddy as if hoping to melt holes in his forehead. "Nice win." Anna walked past him, watching the other members leave the room. Teddy stood up to follow her. "You did as I asked and practiced your nonverbal spells.""Course I did.""Your shoulder okay?" She asked, sounding only half concerned."Should be fine, but I'll run by Madame Pomfrey just to be sure."Anna looked over at Marcus who too was leaving the room, his nose still bleeding. "Take Marcus with you, he looks like he fell off his broomstick." She chuckled.Teddy smiled. "Slick git deserved it don't you think?"The dueling captain and school champion looked up at him, a badge, which Teddy hadn't recognised before, was on her collar. "I don't take sides in my own team, Teddy.""Right, sorry." He looked down, glancing up at the badge again. "Hey, what's that badge for?""Oh, this? This is a Dueling Gold Badge.""How'd you get it?"She picked up her things and he followed her out of the room and into the hall. "I earned it by defeating the last Ravenclaw dueling captain in a duel and remaining undefeated ever since.""Impressive.""Not really." She shrugged. "No one duels me anymore, I'm too good for my own good." With that her pace quickened and she disappeared around a corner.

Yay! Finally, a long chapter!Sorry for the short ones before, I kind of went through some writers block.Chapter 17- Unbreakable Vows -"You ready?" Teddy asked, holding his arm out which Arkie took gently. She nodded looking up at him, looking beautiful in yet another exquisite dress. "Your dress is beautiful."She looked down at her emerald gown that truly brought out the bold colour of her hair. "Thanks, my parents got it for me. They've been spoiling me lately. I think they may be trying a little too hard to make it work." She smiled. "I told them they didn't have to-""I love it, they have good taste. Maybe I'll be able to meet them soon."Her eyes lit up like stars. "Yeah, maybe. Perhaps you can meet them over the Christmas holidays.""That's be great. I've been dying to meet the lucky Mr and Mrs Edwards.""Why would say lucky?""Because they have you for a daughter."Together they walked down the corridor, which in the last month or so had been transformed and decorated with long strings of lights, wreaths and delicate paper lanterns. Finally they reached the doorway to the party. "Shall we?""We shall."The door opened magically as they came close to it and the two stared around the room in awe. Every inch of the walls and ceilings were draped in beautiful golden opaque fabric. A fireplace crackled in the corner and waiters dressed in white suits were walking around, offering drinks and horderves to the invited guests."Ah, Teddy." Slughorn chuckled, walking away from a group of sophisticated looking men and shaking the boy's hand. "So glad you accepted my invite, and Ms Edwards, good to see you too."She nodded politely. "You've really out down yourself, the place looks amazing.""Why thank you. I was inspired by my last trip to India."Teddy looked around, noticing the Indian styled art spread out across the room. "Truly is beautiful.""Have you ever been to India, Teddy?""No, I can't say I have. I don't think I've ever left the country.""Well, you must some time in the future, it's absolutely marvelous." He smiled his usual lopsided smile. "Which reminds me, would you mind taking a quick picture with me, Teddy?" He asked, calling over the photographer. Teddy glanced down at Arkie, who nodded and took a few steps out of the way of the camera."Sure." He shrugged and Slughorn quickly stood next to him, putting his hand on Teddy's shoulder. Teddy put on a kind smile and blinked after the flash. The photographer gave them the thumbs up and Slughorn patted Teddy on the back. "Enjoy the party.""Thank you, sir."Once the Professor was gone Arkie was at his side again. "I think you might have a fan." He listened to her small laugh which stood out among the soft chatter of the other guests."I know it may be weird, but I think I preferred it when everyone still called me 'Wolf Boy'." Her hand went up to ruffle his hair and he looked down at her. Arkie had also gown through a bit of a growth spurt and was now up to Teddy's shoulders, yet she still looked small compared to him.Her eyes looked past his face towards the back of the room. "Is that Hermione?"Teddy turned around, spotting Hermione sliding out from behind the the veil curtains just as Cormac went in. Hermione spotted them and quickly ran over, her head ducked inconspicuously. "You okay, Hermione?" Teddy asked, concern plain in his voice"No," she whispered. "I'm running from my date.""Ugh, no offense Hermione but you're breath..." He said, shriveling up his nose at the smell. "It really stinks.""I know, it's Dragon tails, one of the horderves they're offering. Thought the smell would somehow keep him at bay.""Who'd you invite?""Cormac."Teddy's eyes widened and his mouth dropped. "What? Why on earth would you do that?""I thought it'd make Ron the most jealous." She stared back at the curtain Cormac had disappeared behind in search of her. "He's vile.""Well, you can stick with us tonight." Arkie suggested."Drink?" Said a familiar voice. Neville, dressed in a white waiter's suit, held out a tray of drinks for the small group."Neville?""I didn't get invited, but don't worry he's put others on much worse jobs.""Oh, well um... thanks." They all took a drink each. Hermione rubbed the glass of hers and panicked when Cormac emerged from the curtains, after Snape had just opened them."Merlin! Hide me!"Her eyes searched for a hiding spot as her date walked in their direction. Teddy looked around but the space was pretty open with very little hiding spots. "Um... under the table?" He offered and Hermione handed her drink to Arkie before diving under the clothed table like an Olympic swimmer.Teddy watched her go with a short smile, then looked back at towards the curtains. Snape was now talking to Harry, both looked very tense."I think Harry's in trouble.""Honestly, when is he not in trouble these days?" Teddy laughed at Arkie's comment."Have you see Hermione?" Cormac asked the two of them and Teddy took a small step in front of where Hermione was hidden under the table. "I could've sworn I saw her over here talking to you two.""Yes, well she ugh...""She went to powder her nose." Arkie jumped in with a possible too bright smile."Honestly, I can't be with her for more than second." Cormac muttered wandering off and Teddy whispered from the corner of his mouth."He's gone."A muffled reply came from underneath the table cloth. "I think I'll just stay here for a while.""Suit yourself. I'm going to see Harry.""I'll stay here with Hermione." Arkie said, putting down both her and Hermione's drinks. Teddy tried to walk through the thick crowd towards his friend. Occasionally he would catch small comments from the many conversations. Most of them were about the strange events that'd started to occur since last year."The whole street in Diagon Alley, abandoned...""How strange...""Muggles have reported strange changes in weather...""At least general security has improved..."Teddy only stopped trying tp push his way through when he heard someone say 'Werewolf'. He turned around, glancing at who had spoken. Two men were standing opposite each other by the fireplace, unaware of Teddy nearby."Horrible, isn't it? I'm part of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, in the Beast division and never have I ever been so repulsed. The bodies are pilling up, as well as the number of Lycan cases." One man with a rather long brush moustache said to the other who nodded in agreement."We all knew it was going to happen eventually, they've been waiting for a chance to attack and You-Know-Who's given it to them.""I never trusted Werewolves for a second. Dolores Umbridge fully supported my idea in hunting them down, ending this half-breed madness before it got out of hand. But no one listened to me. You should've seen the look on their faces when they learnt of Fenrir Greyback's loyalty to You-Know-Who.""I can imagine." The other man sighed shaking his head. "When did the Ministry lose control of them? When did they become a threat?""They've always been a threat, Melvin. Spreading their lycanthropy like rabies, disgusting. No dog should ever be trusted, unless they've got a muzzle on 'em."Teddy's fist clenched, but suddenly he felt a hand on his shoulder. "Teddy." Harry was at his side, pulling him away from the men. "Come on let's go." The two left the party and walked out into the quiet night. "Don't listen to them, they have no idea who they're talking about.""I can't believe the Ministry would hire someone like that!" Teddy yelled, stopping in the center of the corridor. "It's not fair. One Werewolf makes a mistake and we're all blamed for it.""Yeah, it's not fair." Harry agreed, leaning against the wall where portraits were curiously looking down at them from their frames. "Teddy I understand how you feel. Last year, no one believed me and hated me for telling the truth. Well, the truth is, people can be jerks. But it's our choice whether we listen to them or not.""You sound like my dad." Teddy stood beside him. Harry looked at Teddy through his full moon glasses. "I miss him.""Do you know where he is?""No, probably doing something for the Order, but he wouldn't tell me what. Says it's for my protection, you know? Ignorance is bliss and all..."Suddenly, there was a bang! And the doors to the party flew open. Both Teddy and Harry hid around the corner, occasionally glancing at the two figures, one big, one small, storming out of the room, whispering frustratedly. One of the two figures, the smaller one, with sleek white hair sneered at the other."Maybe I did hex that Bell girl." Draco hissed and Teddy instantly remembered Katie Bell, hovering above the air then falling onto the pathway leading from Hogsmeade to the Hogwarts station. "Maybe I didn't. What's it to you?" There was a loud commotion and the larger of the two had pushed Draco agaisnt the wall."I swore to protect you." Snape's recognizable voice spat back. "I made the Unbreakable Vow.""I don't need protection. I was chosen for this." Draco replied proudly. "Out of all others. Me! I won't fail him.""You're afraid, Draco." Teddy glanced at Harry who was staring off into the distance, his expression unreadable. "You attempt to conceal it, but it's obvious, let me assist you.""No!" Draco shouted, his voice cracking midsentence. "I was chosen! This is my moment!"

Chapter 18- Vows -"Unbreakable vow. You sure that's what Snape said?" Ron asked for the third time. The three boys sat huddled in the small train compartment. Teddy rested his head on the window, his legs spread out across the long seat."Positive." Harry responded. "Why?"Ron leaned forward in his seat. "It's just, you can't break an Unbreakable Vow."Teddy let out a small snort and Harry too gave a humorous smile. "Yeah, I think we got all that from the name.""You don't understand." Ron said seriously and the compartment went quiet. Teddy listened to the rhythmic engine chugging its way along the tracks. "Oh bloody hell." Ron sat up, staring at the compartment door. Lavender was standing on the other side, breathing over the cold glass forming a sort of foggy effect. Then with one short finger she began to trace something on the murky glass.The process seemed to take forever and Ron put on an unconvincing smile. Harry had begun to pick a hole in his jeans as well as play with the seats. Teddy was still staring at Lavender, looking both both confused and extremely disturbed with one eyebrow raised and his mouth half open in a creeped out fashion.Finally, Lavender was done and breathed once more on the glass revealing the outline of a large heart with a arrow going through one end and coming out the other. 'R + L' was written inside the heart."I miss you." She whispered, her hands held over her heart and she skipped off."Lovely." Harry stated awkwardly.Ron slowly turned back to face the others. Teddy was still staring at the drawing with the same expression. "Ron, I don't know if you've realized, but that ain't normal.""Oh, really?" Ron said. "Arkie hasn't even done that before?"Teddy didn't seem to register his sarcasm. "No, and if she did I would be really... REALLY concerned."Ron rolled his eyes but looked incredibly nervous. "All she wants to do is snog me. My lips are getting chapped, look." He leaned forward to show Harry his chapped lips."I'll take your word for it." He said.Teddy smiled cunningly. "Can't wait for Mrs Weasley to find out." Ron shot him a glare."You wouldn't dare!" Teddy leaned his head once more on the glass, staring out the window at the endless snow and bare trees rushing past."I think you should be more worried about whether Ginny tells her than me. I won't be joining you till Christmas.""Right, you're spending Christmas Eve with Arkie and her new parents." Ron finally relaxed slightly, but Harry was staring off, deep in thought. "Nervous?""You have no idea." He replied, fiddled with his shoe laces. "What if they hate Werewolves? I mean, we haven't got a good reputation at the moment.""Who cares? It doesn't matter if they like you or not. Is your dad meeting them too?""No. He and Tonks are doing something for the Order.""Talking about vows, do you recon they'll be saying some, some time soon?" Harry finally joined in.Teddy gave an uncomfortable glance at him. "No... well, maybe. I think they're still a couple... You know what? This is the last thing I need to have on my mind right now!"Suddenly, everyone's attention was drawn to the door where Hermione and Arkie were about to come inside, when Hermione caught sight of Lav's drawing. She ran off and Arkie followed behind empathetically. Ron sighed, the two hadn't talked for weeks and it'd left an awkward gap in their friendship circle."So what happens to you?" Harry asked, changing subject. "If you break an Unbreakable Vow?"Ron shifted in his seat. "You die.""How's Hermione?""Distraught if you ask me." Arkie and Teddy carried their stuff down the busy train station, Arkie was looking through the crowd for her parents. "Honestly, boys can be so blind. No offense." She added."I'm not offended, only because I agree.""Ah, there they are!" She waved to a couple standing at the very edge of the platform. The couple waved back. Both Mr and Mrs Edwards looked very different compared to Arkie. They both had dark complexion, curly midnight hair and brown eyes. They could've been mistaken as brother and sister they were that similar. The only difference was height, while Mrs Edwards was small, Mr Edwards was taller than Teddy."Arkie," he said, slowing down a bit. "What if they... don't like me?" He asked. Arkie looked at him understandingly."This is about your lycanthropy isn't it? You have nothing to worry about. Dad fights for half-breed rights, it's his job actually."Finally, they reached them, setting down their luggage."How was your term, Arkie?" Mrs Edwards asked. "And the dress that I sent you, did it fit?""Term was fine, Mum, and so was the dress." She said with a bright smile. Teddy was happy to see that she already thought of the couple as her family.He put down his suitcase beside Arkie's. "And she looked stunning in it. You have good taste, Mrs Edwards."Mr Edward's gaze shifted to Teddy. Teddy tried hiding his worry as the man looked him up and down with a cautious eye. "You must be Tesdon Lupin." He held out his hand which Teddy shook politely."Yep, just call me Teddy. It's nice to meet you, sir.""Please, call me Colin." He said, his expression suddenly brightening. "Arkie told us all about you in her letters over the past few weeks. Is that how long you've been dating?"Arkie tensed beside him, yet Teddy couldn't fathom why. "Ugh, actually we've been dating for at least two years now.""Really?" Mr Edwards looked surprised and suddenly Teddy remembered why. Arkie had told him on their way to Hogwarts at the beginning of the year. He specifically remembered her saying, 'I haven't even told them I have a boyfriend'. "Well, I can understand why she didn't tell us sooner." Mr Edwards shrugged, bending down to pick up Teddy's bag. "It's nice to meet you, Teddy."

Chapter 19- The Duelling Duo -"So, Teddy." Mr Edwards said, cutting into his serving of fish. "Do you have any other family other than your father?" Teddy wasn't much of a fish fan, but he didn't complain as he quietly ate. He looked up though at Mr Edwards question."Oh, no. It's just been Dad and I, I don't know much more about my family. My mother died when I was born.""I'm sorry.""It's okay, you can't really miss someone you don't know." He said, cutting into his hot potato. Arkie sat awkwardly at the head of the table, hr eyes glued to her plate."What was your mother's name?" Mr Edwards asked and Teddy didn't shy away from the question. He popped a piece of potato in his mouth and swallowed it."Her name was Carla Helson."Mrs Edwards cocked her head thoughtfully. "Hm, I wonder if she was related to Mr and Mrs Helson just down the road, in number 12?" Teddy looked up curiously from his dinner plate. "They've lived here for a while. Had a daughter too, named Carla, but she died... how long ago would you say darling?""About sixteen years ago." Mr Edwards mumbled, his mouth full.Teddy's thumb rubbed up and down the handle of his fork absent mindfully. "How'd she die?" He asked, interested."Cancer. At least that's what they say, they're quite a... how would you describe them, Colin?""Cut off." He replied again."Yes, quite a cut off sort of family." She sighed. "It's strange, she used to be their pride a joy, but now they barely mention her. Guess that's what happens when you lose a child. Do you suppose you could be related, Teddy?"Teddy shook his head. "No, it must just be a coincidence. My dad told me my grandparents were dead before I was even born."Mrs Edwards shrugged slightly, returning to her meal. Mr Edwards stared up at Teddy, puttign down his knife and fork. "So, what are your interests, Teddy?""Um... well I'm quite good at spells.""He's part of the Ravenclaw duelling club, Dad." Arkie said from the other side of the table. Mr Edward's eyes didn't move from Teddy, who was making sure to keep his posture straight and manners in order. Teddy put down his cutlery as he swallowed his bit of fish."And what's that like?" Mr Edwards leaned forward in his seat."Hard and rough, but great fun. I've only had a few three trainings so far, but it's going to be hardcore once I get back to school. The inter school competition's coming up."The glow in Mr Edwards eyes showed Teddy that he'd sparked his interest. "Really? You know I'm actually quite a duelling fan myself.""Quite." Mrs Edwards laughed. "You should see our room, full of posters and merchandise and other useless junk.""Don't listen to her," Mr Edwards whispered with a grin. "She doesn't know what she's talking about. I used to duel back when I was in school too you know?""Really? Did you go to Hogwarts?""Grace and I were both Gryffindor's."Teddy was also now leaning forward in his seat, his arms resting on the table for support. "Did you ever think of doing it professionally?""Oh, yes. I still dream of it from time to time. Are you considering it?""Oh, yeah defiantly.""Well, you follow that dream. I'm telling ya, it'll be worth it. Who's your favourite team?"Teddy thought deeply, his posture relaxing. "Defiantly the Violet Vixens.""Oh, yes! Did you see their game last week?""No, but I defiantly read it in the papers! I can't believe they let Daren off with a warning, he's always playing dirty." Teddy grumbled."Finally! Someone who gets it!" Mr Edward's looked at his wife, who rolled her eyes, then beamed back at Teddy. "Where'd you dig this guy up, Arkie?""Oh, we've known each other a long time. We lived in the same orphanage." Teddy explained.Arkie looked between the two silently, looking confused. "Um... sorry, just a quick question. Who are the Violet Vixens?" Both boys looked at her, their mouths open in shock. "What?" She said defensively.Mrs Edwards sighed from the end of the table. "Here we go again.""Who are the Violet Vixens!?" They shouted together, causing Arkie to cover her ears."You're joking!" Teddy gasped turning to Mr Edwards. "Tell me she's joking?""I don't think she is." Mr Edwards returned the gasp. "Allow us to enlighten you."Arkie sat the end of the table, still looking between the two. Her expression was amused. Mrs Edwards, put her head in her hands muttering loudly. "Oh for Pete's sake!"Two longs hours later Teddy was standing in the doorway to the Edward's house. "Thank you for dinner.""Are you sure you can't stay?" Mr Edward's offered. "There's a spare room upstairs.""No, I should probably go. The Weasley's are expecting me, they set up a portkey and everything for me. They'd be worried if I didn't show.""Alright then," Mrs Edwards chirped. "It was good meeting you.""You too, Merry Christmas."The two adults wished him a Merry Christmas and walked off inside. Arkie followed Teddy out into the cold, icy streets. "I think they liked me." Teddy said as Arkie walked beside him, her arms wrapped around his and her head resting on his shoulder.He looked down the street, spotting a dark, empty looking mansion with the number twelves written on their mailbox. "I'm so glad they do." She looked up at him and Teddy snapped out of his thoughts. "Are you absolutely sure you can't stay?""No, I have to go." He replied sadly. "But I'll see you after the holidays. Merry Christmas, Arkie." He bent down, kissing her gently on the lips."Merry Christmas, Teddy."

Chapter 20- Trust and Family -Knock! Knock! Knock!"I'll get it." Mr Weasley said, practically skipping out of the small dining room. Teddy was pulling a Christmas cracker with Ron which exploded as it cracked, sending out a storm of confetti. The two laughed as they brushed the colourful paper from their hair. It was moments like these that really helped them both forget about their troubles. It was just another beautiful Christmas at the Burrow.Ron nudged Teddy, pointing to the two figures that had followed Mr Weasley into the house. "Dad! Tonks!"He walked around the table to hug his father, who he was now the same height as. Luckily, Teddy's growth spurt had come to a sudden stop before the holidays and he hoped that'd be the last of it. After hugging his father he looked at Tonks who smiled awkwardly before Teddy also hugged her. "Merry Christmas guys.""Merry Christmas, Teddy." She said, standing beside Remus and pulling a small gift from her pocket. "We got you something.""You didn't have to." He replied, but quickly open the package. "Oh, cool. Ron check it out, a travel sized Wizard Chess set." Ron ran over, looking at the small fold up board that just small enough to fit into Teddy's pocket."Nice, you gotta let me use it.""And you gotta teach me how to play."The two boys quickly ran over to the table, pushing aside plates and bowls of Christmas treats and unfolding the chess board. It ended up about the size of a normal chess board and once they were done unfolding small chess pieces grew from it. Soon they were both leaning over the board, staring at their peices. As Teddy had predicted before hand, Ron was demolishing him quite quickly."Bishop to D5." He murmured and winced as Ron's pawn destroyed his bishop, sending little pieces across the table.Ron straightened in his seat, looking smug. "Check mate.""Wha-" Teddy stared at the board, he was right. Ron's Castle was directly in line with his Queen and there was nothing he could do to stop the Castle from ramming into it. "Damn, you're good." This only fanned Ron's ego as he began to do a little victory dance in his seat.Teddy glanced up to where his father had been standing, watching him play. But all the adults, except Mrs Weasley, were gone. Teddy caught sight of them all sitting, with Harry, in one of the smaller rooms half blocked off from the dining room. "I'll be right back." He said, standing up.The conversation the group had been having broke as Teddy entered the room. Remus looked up at him, grim faced.Teddy glanced at the others, who also didn't seem in the usual cheery mood they should be during Christmas. "Everything okay in here?""It's fine, Teddy." Remus said. "You should go join Mrs Weasley-""Is this about You-Know-Who?" He asked quickly. It was the first time he'd ever said the Dark Lord's name so naturally and without hesitation. None of the adults were giving him any reaction so he glanced at Harry, his eyes pleading for an answer.Harry sighed heavily. "Not quite."Remus stood up, looking at his son with a protective gaze. "Teddy, it's probably best if you aren't a part of this. I don't want to worry you." Teddy strode across the room, taking a seat in one of the spare arms chairs. He crossed his legs and rested his arms on the chair arms."If it concerns you, it concerns me." Remus watched him, glancing at Tonks for supported but she was staring at the carpet. "Dad, I can make my own decisions now. I'm not a child.He looked tired, not that Teddy had expected him in full health. Full moons always seemed to effect his father more than him, which he guessed was a result of his interesting DNA, but the stress he knew he was feel mustn't have been helping either. "That's what I'm afraid of." He murmured. Remus looked at his son.He had been through so much, yet had still not faced the full wrath of the outside world like he had. As Remus watched him he began noticed how much he had changed physically. Not just since they'd first met in Teddy's third year, but from when he'd waved goodbye at the train station at the beginning of term. Teddy looked stronger, his soft hair was slightly longer and needed a trim, his angular face now reminded him of Carla's and there was a light in his eyes, one that'd been through so much yet refused to give in to defeat.It was destroy him if anything was to happen to his one and only son. He glanced at Tonks. He would never be able to risk having another child, Teddy had barely escaped the torture of his lycanthropy and was still occasionally facing it's consequences. He would not knowingly risk the life of another innocent child.Which is why he had to protect the one he had.He took in a long strained breath, his eyes shifting to Harry as he continued their conversation. "Voldemort has chosen Draco Malfoy for a mission?" He said, as if trying to clarify he had understood Harry correctly. Out of the corner of his eyes he saw Teddy sit up.Harry stared Remus right in the eye. "I know it sounds mad." He replied defensively."Has it occured to you, Harry, that Snape was simply pretending to offer Draco help so he could find out what he was up to?" Teddy admired the wise tone in his fathers voice as he spoke.Harry shook his head, his defensive and certain attitude still active. "That's not what it sounded like.""Perhaps Harry is right, Remus." Tonk suddenly said, her hands knitted together in front of her. "I mean, to make an Unbreakable Vow-"Remus sat a little further forward. "It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledore's judgement. Dumbledore trusts Snape, therefore, I do.""Dumbledore can make mistakes." Harry said. "He said so himself-""You are blinded by hatred." Remus replied frustratedly."I'm not.""Yes, you are."The room went quiet and Teddy glanced between the adults. At Tonks staring between the carpet and Remus to Mr Weasley hugging a pillow absent mindfully. Remus breathing slowed as he relaxed, but his posture gave away his worry. "People are disappearing, Harry. Daily. We could only place our trust in a handful of people. If we started fighting amongst ourselves, we're doomed."Silence again. No one knew what to say, nor what to do. What could be done? Eventually, Tonk stood up, putting her hand on Remus' shoulder temporarily before going back to the kitchen. Remus also stood up, walking off in the opposite direction. Teddy took this chance to follow him, intending to talk to his father about what'd been on his mind since his dinner with the Edward's."Dad?"He found his standing near the back door all alone, one hand pressed against the wall and the other hand brushing through his hair in stress. "Yes, Teddy?" Teddy leaned against the wall opposite him, crossing his arms placidly."I wanted to talk to you about something." Remus also stood against the wall, listening quietly. "It's about something that came up at dinner, with Arkie's new family.""What was it? Did they say anything about your-""It has nothing to do with my lycanthropy." He interrupted, annoyed that, that was the first thing that'd come to his father's mind. "But it does have something to do with my family.""What about it?"Teddy rubbed his eyes, to wipe away the bit of sleep that'd formed there. "Well, they asked me about my family. And I told them about my mum and... Dad are my grandparents truly dead?"Remus' expression became flustered and apologetic. "Teddy...""I'm not angry." He held up his hand. "Cause I wanna here you out. So please don't lie to me. Because I know it is not a coincidence that a wizarding couple named Mr and Mrs Helson had a daughter, named Carla, who died sixteen years ago from cancer.""Is that what they say?" Remus looked up and Teddy blinked in surprise as he, for the first time, saw a glimpse of true loathing in his father's eyes. "Cancer." He spat."Why did you never tell me about them?""Look, Teddy," Remus said. "Your mother's parents are... different.""Different? Different how?"Remus slid down the wall, sitting on the uneven floorboard. "I think it's time I tell you, Teddy. Tell you about your mother." Teddy joined him, spreading his legs out across the floor. "I met Carla in my last year of Hogwarts. She was born into a long line of purebloods. Their family is much like Sirius'. They're extremely proud of their pure wizarding legacy."Teddy brought his knees to his chest, resting his chin on them gently."Carla was the black sheep of the family." A smile rose to Remus' lip. "She was smart, confident, a bit of a show off and was constantly looking for ways to rebel against her family's wishes."Teddy couldn't help but smile too. "It doesn't sound like you two had much in common.""We didn't. But maybe that's why I fell for her. She was different." Remus rested his arms on his knees sorrowfully. "She figured out I was Werewolf in our fifth year, yet kept my secret. She only told me she knew at the beginning of our seventh year. After that we begun to see each other more often, we bonded. I admired her ambition and although she was constantly getting into trouble, she had a good heart. We became and remained a couple until a few months after we graduated. By then the First Wizarding War had begun.""Did you ever get to meet her parents.""Once... and they were just as horrid as she had described. They had a very prejudice and ordered that we broke up once we told them about my lycanthropy. It's why I didn't want you to ever meet them, it's why I lied.""Why would you tell them that?"His father's shoulders slumped. "It was the right thing to do. But they got their wish. Carla and I broke up a few months later." Remus finally met his son's eyes again. "Nine months or so later, just after the Dark Lord was defeated and my two friends were killed... I got a call from the hospital. You'd just been born.""And then she died...""Your grandparents... they didn't want anything to do with you. They felt ashamed of Carla and... I wasn't even invited to her funeral."Teddy's fist tightened. "They've been telling everyone she died of cancer... just because of me!""No, Teddy. Because of me." Remus pressed his hand to his own chest. "If it wasn't for me, she never would've passed away. But she's not truly gone. She's here with us now, inside of you, Teddy. I'm sorry I never t-" He didn't get to finish as Teddy threw himself on his father, holding tightly."I understand. You just want to protect me. But I need you to trust that I can handle this." He said, tears speckling in his eyes which he wiped with his sleeve. There was a loud crashing of plates in the background, followed by Mrs Weasley's exasperated voice. Teddy smiled. "I'm going to join the others, and I think you should go see Tonks. She's probably worried about you."

Chapter 21- Tower of Fire -Teddy followed his father, Tonks, Mr and Mrs Weasley to the door and onto the small crooked front porch. Everyone else was upstairs and now that the Christmas festivities were over all the adults were on edge. Teddy wished he could go with his father and his girlfriend but, as expected, Remus and Tonks were constantly on the move and weren't staying in one place for longer than a few weeks.This meant there was no way they could continue completing missions for the Order and take care of Teddy. Adulthood couldn't come fast enough! One more year though."It was delicious, Molly, really." Tonks said kindly and softly. Teddy walked further out onto the porch where his father was standing oddly quiet. He sat firmly on the front step, glancing up at his father. But Remus was staring out into the endless marshy wheat fields, he craned his neck, trying to get a better look at something. Teddy followed his gaze but saw nothing, yet the hairs on the back of his neck raised in suspicion."Are you sure you won't stay?" Mrs Weasley asked, standing beside her husband in the doorway to the tall makeshift house Mr Weasley had made himself. Teddy gripped onto the wooden stair only releasing his grip when he got a splinter.Tonk shook her head, glancing once at Remus. "No, we should go. The first night of the cycle's always the worst." She said the last part in a whisper, but Remus didn't seem to notice."Dad?" Teddy murmured.Mr Weasley had also caught on to Remus' strange behaviour. "Remus?"The tall, shaggy haired man didn't respond. Tonks stood closer beside him. "Sweetheart." Remus leaned forward, staring into the distance. Teddy followed his eyeline once again but then just looked at the stars. There was one star that'd particularly gotten his attention, a large one burning near the horizon. His eyes squinted. Was it just him or was the star getting bigger?Sure enough, the star was get closer and closer. Then it hit the ground, a great ball of fire that spread in and uneven circle around the Burrow. They were trapped and Teddy nearly slipped off the stair he was seated on.Remus' eyes expanded in fear as the great blaze of fire made a vicious fiery wall around the Burrow.The wheat suddenly parted as a great cloud of black smoke arose from within it. Teddy had seen that form of transportation many times before, during the fight at the Ministry the year before. The smoke transformed into a familiar infamous witch, Bellatrix Lestrange. His godfather's murderer.Teddy jumped on to his feet so quick that he felt almost dizzy. His hand fumbled into his jumper pocket, trying to pull out his wand. Beside him his father was doing to same. Bellatrix grinned, a malicious grin, and ran towards her wall of flames. The flames parted and she ran away into the darkness.Teddy grunted as someone pushed past him, running after Bellatrix."Harry, no!" Mr Weasley cried.Harry passed through the opening easily. Teddy gripped his wand dashing after him. "Teddy!" His father's voice yelled from behind him."Remus!" Tonks shrieked.But it was too late, Teddy had raced through the flames and was on the other side. He stopped just before entering the maze of produce that was taller than even him. He looked over his shoulder. On either side of the opening the flame had turned into two humungous snakes. They coiled, extending long fiery fangs and hissing at Remus and Tonks.Teddy could see his father shouting but couldn't hear a single word he said over the roaring of the fire. He'd never heard a more dreadful sound. Suddenly, something jumped through the flames, barely missing getting burnt. Ginny landed on the other side, a long fluffy bathrobe over her pyjama's."Come on!" She yelled, running into the tall wheat after Harry and Bellatrix."Teddy, stay there!" Remus shouted from the other side of the fiery wall. But either Teddy couldn't hear him or he wasn't listening cause he and Ginny were soon gone from sight. "Teddy, stop!"Teddy struggled to keep an eye on Ginny as he ran, the wheat whipped at his face painfully and the soft, muddy ground kept on tripping him. He came to a stop as his shoes sunk deep into the mud. With a frustrated growl his yanked his feet out of the marsh, abandoned his footwear and continued barefoot.But Ginny was gone and he had no idea where she'd gone, or where he even was. "Ginny! Harry!" He cried out. The sound of crickets was his only reply. He was out of breath, lost and could see next to nothing in the pitch blackness. He'd been in a similar situation once before, in his fourth year after he'd witnessed Barty Crouch's death.If he closed his eyes he could still remember wandering for hours through the Dark Forest, searching for his father and friends, to warn them. But now was not the time to remembering such things. Suddenly he heard something. A faint cackling."I killed Sirius Black! I killed Sirius Black!"His body responded before he'd even recognised who the voice belonged to. The mud sank between his toes disgustingly and he trip, hissing as a stick scratched above his heel. Suddenly the ground underneath him became wet and he was soon wading through thigh high water. He came to a stop, turning around, looking in ever direction.But he could neither hear nor see anything. The only sound was the loud splashing of water he was causing. His jeans were soaked and stained with mud be he didn't care, the cut above his heel stung but he'd felt worse. "Harry!" He cried.Crack!He spun around, his wand hand hanging at his side. He could see movement. "Harry?" He whispered loudly. His heart was thumping so loud he wouldn't be surprised if it could be heard from miles away. He stared at the figure that was too tall to be Harry. The stranger let out a low growl and revealed his face from the shadows.Teddy stumbled backwards at the sight of the grubby man. "You're... You're Fenrir Greyback." His voice cracked as the fellow Werewolf's lip curled upwards, revealing purposively sharpened canines. "Stupefy!" He shot the spell, but Fenrir easily deflected it. The large man, who resembled that of a wild wolf more than he did a man, looked him up and down with bloodshot eyes."Let me guess." His voice was unsurprisingly low and scratchy. "You're Lupin's boy. I heard he had a son." Teddy continued to back away, but Fenrir followed him, occasionally speeding up as if to tease him. "Got really on edge when I asked him about you." Teddy remembered how his father had spent months trying to convince the London Werewolf pack into joining Dumbledore's army.Fenrir was a tall, square shouldered and muscular brute, dressed in a long heavy fur coat, his hair wild and matted. The monster smirked, looking the shorter, more slender half-Werewolf. "I'd expected more than... this!" He snarled. "Tesdon Lupin, the one Werewolf with the ability most of us would kill for. But you're disgrace. You're nothing but a child!""Teenager, actually." He was finally able to muster the strength to fire another spell. Fenrir blocked it. Teddy heard Anna's words, 'If you don't relax and stay in your right state of mind you'll hesitate. And that's what you do Teddy, you hesitate.' ring in his head like a broken record. He took a long breath, relaxing his stiff shoulders and spreading his stance wide. He could feel the difference, and he quickly acted on it.A red light shot out of his wand tip with a loud crack. Fenrir blocked again but long ropes had then coiled out of Teddy's wand, wrapped around his feet and tripping him over. Teddy pointed his wand firmly, his mouth open as he breathed heavily, struggling to keep a strong stance in the high water.Fenrir looked up at him and burst into a large dark mist, disappearing into the fields around them."Teddy." Harry and Ginny appeared behind him and he jumped in fright. Teddy didn't say anything, he could still feel someone's eyes watching him from the shadows around them. With a silent nod the three stood back to back, wands extended. Suddenly, Remus' voice rung out from somewhere in the distance. "Teddy!"Occasionally, Teddy would see movement from within the golden fields, but once he blinked whoever was there was gone. Suddenly, they all began to shoot spells randomly in ever direction. Teddy had no idea who had started it, but like a chain reaction he'd joined in. White light lit up their frightened faces. Teddy let out a tiny yelp as the wheat in front of him parted and two figures ran towards them. He pointed his wand defensively but stopped when he saw it was only his father and Tonks.The two joined into the kill circle and the spells suddenly ceased as Mr Weasley also appeared. There was a wind-like noise and two shadowy clouds shot up and disappeared into the night air. Everyone looked up, wands pointed to the sky. Suddenly, the two Death Eater's misty forms appeared in the distance, shooting right through the Burrow which exploded."Molly." Mr Weasley gasped, running back to his burning home. The rest followed him until they were out of the marshy farmland and standing among the whole Weasley family. Mrs Weasley was standing closest to her ruined home.The windows were shattered and all that could be seen of the insides were flames. The Burrow had always been a sort of safe haven to everyone, a home away from home. Now Teddy watched as it burned, like a glorious tower of fire.

Chapter 22- Potions and Poisons -Hermione shook her head and she, Harry and Teddy walked down the busy corridor. In her hand she held an issue of the Daily Prophet. 'Ministry Disappearances Continue'. Three pictures of Ministry members were posted on the front."It's so easy for them to get to you." She snapped. "You're bloody lucky you weren't killed." Harry didn't reply, in fact he seemed to be trying to ignore her. Teddy clutched on to his school bag, glancing up at his friend nervously. Hermione huffed. "You have to realize who you are, Harry!""I know who I am, Hermione, alright." Harry snapped back and Hermione flinched. "Sorry."Hermione suddenly got distracted and paused, staring at Ron and Lavender sitting on one of the windowsills. Ron looked panicked and exasperated as Lavender tied an ugly looking necklace around his neck. "Lav, come on. Of course I'll wear it." Ron sighed in defeat.Lavender let out an admiring breath. "That's my Won-Won!" She hugged him so tight Ron looked like he was suffocating. Teddy stomach did a flip and Hermione spoke exactly what he was thinking."Excuse me, I have to go and vomit." She said, walking away.Teddy turned to Harry. "And such begins another term of those two not talking to each other. Hey, I'm meeting up with the guys for study during our free period. Wanna join?""No," Harry shook his head. "Dumbledore wants to see me.""Alright, tell him I said 'hi'." He pulled his school bag further over his shoulder and set off towards the library."Dumbledore asked you to do what?" Teddy asked as he and Harry ambled down the darkening corridors. A week had passed since the term had begun and Teddy could not believe his ears. "Dumbledore asked you to get a memory from Professor Slughorn. Why?""The memory might contain something very important about Voldemort and how to defeat him." Harry explained further."So? What happened? Did Slughorn give you the memory?"Harry ducked his head in disgrace. "No. It was horrible, he doesn't trust me anymore. I went to see him earlier in his office but he just shut me out." Teddy pulled a strained face and Harry returned it. The two stood outside the Fat Lady portrait."I'm sure you'll convince him somehow." Teddy said reassuringly as Harry said the password and the portrait swung open. "Sure everything will sort itself out by the morning." Teddy didn't believe his own words but Harry seemed to appreciate them. "I should go to the Ravenclaw Tower-""No, can you come up with me?"Teddy shrugged. "Sure." The two climbed through the portrait hole and walked across the Gryffindor common room."So, how's duelling going? The inter school competition is just around the corner isn't it."Teddy let out a loud exhausted sigh. "Intense. Anna's going to pick the chosen competitors soon and I swear if Marcus is picked and I'm not... but I've got another reason to want that spot on the team.""What is it?""Arkie's father. He's probably a bigger fan of the sport than Anna is, and that's saying something. He promised to see me compete." He ran his fingers through his hair as they climbed the stairs to the boys dorms. "Why do relationships have to be so complicated?""Good luck, mate."They opened the door, to find Ron sitting on the ground, holding his knees to his chest. Chocolate wrappers littered the floor. "It's beautiful, isn't it?" The red-head sighed dreamily."Huh?" Said Teddy."The moon. Have you ever noticed, Teddy?"Teddy exchanged a quick look with Harry. "Um... yeah, sure. Sometimes I guess.Harry looked at all the chocolate wrappers spread out across the floor. "Had ourselves a little late night snack, did we?"Ron turned around, clutching a heart shaped chocolate box to his chest. "It was on your bed, the box. I just thought I'd try one." Ron's cheeks were an odd shade of pink.Harry gave a tired laugh. "Or twenty.""I can't stop thinking about her, Harry." Ron giggled, still standing by the window, swaying weirdly from left to right. Teddy cocked his head, something he always did when he was confused or curious. "I thought she was kind of annoying you." Harry moved over to his bed, taking a seat on the soft covers."She could never annoy me." Ron sat next to Harry, a little too closely. "I think I love her." Harry looked at him strangely."Well... brilliant." He took a few steps away until he was standing beside Teddy.Ron watched him hazily. "Do you think she knows I exist?"Now Teddy let out a laugh. "Well, she has been snogging you for the last three months." Ron looked at Teddy in confusion."Snogging? Who are you talking about?""Who are you talking about?" Both Teddy and Harry repeated at the same time.Ron looked almost offended. "Romilda, of course. Romilda Vane."Teddy tried to remember where he'd heard that name before. It was on the tip of his tongue. Harry gave a snort, jumping up and walking across the room to pick up the empty wrappers scattered everywhere. "Okay, very funny."Thud!"Ow! What was that for?" Harry stared between Ron and chocolate box he'd just thrown at his head. Ron's face had turn violent shade of red."It's no joke!" His voice cracked. "I'm in love with her!""Alright, fine. You're in love with her." Harry rubbed the back of his head gingerly.Teddy looked at Ron. "Ron, have you even actually met her?"The red head looked off into the distance. "No." He whispered, then seemed to regain his lover-boy attitude and turned to his friends. "Can you two introduce me?" When neither replied Ron just smiled, staring back out the windows at the beautiful moon, twinkling in the sky. It was as if he had completely forgotten about his house getting destroyed, the Death Eaters that'd come so close to killing his friends and the fact that he already had a girlfriend.Teddy walked over to Harry's bed, where he'd noticed a lovely red, heart-shaped card. He opened it, quickly reading the beautiful love poem inside, and staring at the small moving picture in the middle of Romilda, blowing a loving kiss. Now he knew where he'd heard her name before. He had seen her once in the library staring at Harry.'Apparently she's trying to smuggle Harry a love potion'. He could remember Hermione saying. "Harry." He turned around, holding out the card. Harry read it and the two exchanges identical nods before both going to help Ron to his feet."Come on, Ron. We'll introduce you to Romilda Vane." Harry said and the three walked out of the boy's dorms."Are you sure about this, Harry? You said Slughorn wouldn't want to see you." Teddy said, using one arm to hold his freckled friend up. Ron had begun to play with Teddy's hair, attempting several times to tie it in a braid. It was both annoying and uncomfortable, Teddy had constantly yank his head away from Ron's fingers.Harry ignored Teddy's comment and knocked on the Potion Master's door. Professor Slughorn opened the door slightly. "I'm sorry, sir. I wouldn't bother you if it weren't absolutely essential." Slughorn's gaze moved past Harry to Teddy who was yanking his hair from Ron's grip for the fifth time.Ron let out a dreamy giggle and sigh. It was as if he had, had too many drinks at the Three Broomstick, he could barely stand up on his own at times. "Where's Romilda?" He murmured.Slughorn's eyebrow raised. "Teddy." He nodded in greeting. "What's the matter with Winby?" Teddy pulled out his wand and flicked it, releasing two blue butterflies that floated around Ron's head. He let out a happy sigh as Ron seemed to become completely invested in the glittering butterflies.Harry leaned forward towards his professor. "Very powerful love potion." He whispered."Very well, better bring him in, Teddy." He opened the door far enough for them all to get inside. Ron gave a sad groan as the butterflies disappeared into thin air. Slughorn had waddled over to his shelf of potions and other strange remedies. "I always thought you could whip up a remedy for this is in no time, Harry."Teddy let go of Ron, feeling like he could now stand on his own. "Well, I thought this called for more practiced hands, sir." Harry said and suddenly Ron wandered towards Slughorn, wrapping him in a slow, loving hug."Hello, darling. Fancy a drink?" He murmured and Slughorn stared uncomfortable down at him. Teddy quickly moved forward, gently tugging his friend away and helping him on to the couch. "Perhaps, you're right." The professor agreed.Harry stood awkwardly beside Slughorn as he quickly began to brew the antidote. "I'm sorry, by the way, Professor, about earlier today. Our misunderstanding."There was a soft tinkling of glass as Slughorn stirred the unappetizing concoction. "Oh, not at all. All water under the bridge, you know. Correct?""Well, I expect you're tired a bit, after all these years. All the questions about Voldemort-""Don't use that name!" Slughorn snapped, turning around to Ron and holding out a cup of the antidote. 'Here you go, boy. Bottom's up."Ron looked at the drink being provided to him curiously. "What's this?""Tonic for the nerves."Ron gave a flattered smile and took a long sip of the red liquid. Teddy watched thankfully as the dreamy expression faded from his eyes and Ron's pale complexion returned to him. "What happened to me?"Slughorn chuckled. "Love potion. A bloody strong one at there.""I feel really bad." Ron sighed, rubbing his aching head. Teddy patted him on the back, smiling. It was good to see the old Ron back, even if he wasn't feeling his best. "Don't worry, headaches always pass." Teddy said expertly.Slughorn began to shift through an assortment of drinks. "You need to pick me up, my boy. Got butterbeer, wine, dazzling oak-matured mead. I had other intentions for this, but I think, given the circumstances. Here you all are." Soon all four of them were holding a glass of the sweet smelling drink. Ron took a sip of his. "To life!" Slughorn said happily.There was a sharp shattering of glass and Ron was lying on the ground, wriggling and jolting. White foam was frothing on either sides of his mouth, like rabies. "Ron!" Teddy shouted, dropping his drink and crouching at Ron's side. "He's been poisoned! Ron! Professor, do something!"Professor Slughorn was frozen in place, shock present on his old face. Harry had gotten up and was rummaging through Slughorn's stocks frantically. Suddenly, he grabbed something and put it in Ron's mouth. "Come on, Ron... breathe!"For a while there was no response and Teddy covered his gaping mouth with one hand. Then suddenly, Ron took a huge intake of breath, coughing slightly afterwards. He stared at everyone around him, stunned. "These girls... They're gonna kill me."Teddy let out a relieved laugh.

Chapter 23- Sectumsempra -The sun shone threw the windows of the Hospital Wing. Madame Pomfrey placed her hand delicately on the unconscious Ron's forehead, checking his temperature. Around him, Hermione, Ginny, Harry, Arkie and Teddy were all watching silently. They all wanted to be there when he woke up. But the doors to the Hospital Wing suddenly open and for figures entered the room.Professor McGonagall, Dumbledore, Snape and Slughorn, who was carrying the very bottle that contained the poisoned liquid, all stared at Ron in shock and empathy. Hermione held on to Ron's hand, not looking away from him for one second. Teddy had seen that look before, he himself had given it to Arkie, who was massaging his shoulder reassuringly."Quick thinking on your part, Harry, using a bezoar." Dumbledore said, breaking the silence. "You should be very proud of your student, Horace.""Hm?" Slughorn looked up the nodded. "Oh, yes. Very proud." His mind was obviously elsewhere.Professor McGonagall closed her eyes for a second. "I think we agree Potter's actions were heroic. The question is, why were they necessary?""Why, indeed." Teddy looked up at the professor's in interest. Dumbledore had turned and was walking towards Professor Slughorn, gently taking the bottle. "This appears to be a gift, Horace. You don't remember who gave you this bottle?" Slughorn shook his head in response, yet was unable to utter a single word.Dumbledore sniffed the top. "By the way, it possesses remarkably subtle hints of liquorice and cherry... When not polluted with poison."Slughorn finally seemed to have found his voice. "Actually, I had intended to give it as a gift, myself.""To whom, might I ask?"There was a pin-dropping silence. "To you, headmaster."Teddy wasn't at all surprised to hear that and by the looks of it, neither was Harry. Teddy hoped Harry had dropped his whole idea of Draco's loyalty to the Dark Lord and new Death Eater status, yet he knew he hadn't. But even so, slowly the idea was becoming less unlikely. Suddenly, a new noise filled the room. The quickly sound of shoes and suddenly, a familiar curly haired girl entered the Hospital Wing."Where is he?" Her high pitched voice trilled. Teddy watched with annoyance as she pushed right in between him and Arkie, struggling to get to Ron. "Where's my Won-Won? Has he been asking for me?" Lavender's eyes fell on Hermione with absolute loathing. "What is she doing here?" She hissed, her voice like acid.Hermione's gaze also darkened. "I might ask you the same question.""I happen to be his girlfriend." Lavender stood tall and proud, like it was some badge of honour."And I happen to be his..." Hermione's voice cut short. "Friend.""Don't make me laugh." Lavender said, but looked nowhere near ready to laugh. Her face had gone red with anger. "You haven't spoken in weeks. I suppose you want to make up with him now that he's suddenly all interesting." Teddy felt his eyebrows knit together angrily, yet he didn't join in on the heated conversation. It wasn't his battle to fight."He's been poisoned, you daft dimbo!" Hermione gasped. "And for the record, I've always found him interesting." At that moment, Ron shifted, his head lolling to one side. Teddy glanced up at Arkie was she was still watching Lavender with interest."See?" Lavender said. "He senses my presence. Don't worry, Won-Won. I'm here. I'm here." She moved closer, again pushing Teddy to the side, and brushed Ron's hair from his face. Ron's lips moved, yet his eyes remained shut. At first his words were too silent to hear, but the grew slightly louder."Hermione... Hermione..."Teddy's eyebrows raised and his lip curled up in a genuine smile. Lavender however was on the verge of tears and ran out of the room, her sobs echoing off the walls. Dumbledore cleared his throat and Teddy realised the professors had been there the entire time. "Oh to be young and to feel love's keen sting. Well, come away, everybody. Mr. Weasley's well tended."Teddy took the hint and, still holding Arkie's hand, followed Harry and Ginny out of the room, glancing at Hermione over his shoulder. She was looking down at Ron, holding his hand. When she noticed their staring she blushed. "Oh, shut up.""About time, don't you think?" Ginny whispered to Harry and Teddy watched as he nodded, blushing ever so slightly."Love is in the air today." Arkie whispered into his ear and Teddy smiled, leaning down and kissing her lightly. "I'm going to try talking to Lavender." She said kindly."Good luck."A week or two had passed since Ron was let out of the hospital the five of them were all seated at the breakfast table. Teddy and Arkie sat side by side leaning over an issue of the Daily Prophet. Harry was completely invested in his Potion's book, as usual.Teddy began to wipe someone cold and white off the newspaper. "Stop it, Ron." Hermione whispered. "You're making it snow."Ron blinked and the snow stopped. He looked at the others silently. "Tell me how I broke up with Lavender again." All eyes went to Hermione, who was glancing between Ron and her half finished breakfast."Well, she came to visit you in the hospital. And you talked." Hermione said, being careful with each word she said. "I don't believe it was a particularly long conversation."Ron let out a relieved sigh, twirling his spoon in his hands. "I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm bloody thrilled to be shot of her. It's just, she seems a bit... put out." They all followed Ron's gaze, to the blonde curly haired girl, glaring at them, gripping her spoon so hard Teddy could imagine it bending over. There was a slight joy in Hermione's voice."Yes, um... She does, doesn't she?""See you're talk went well." Teddy mumbled to his girlfriend who elbowed him in the ribs. "Sorry." He apologized. Hermione turned to Ron, her face all serious again. "You say you don't remember anything from that night. Anything at all?" Teddy could tell she was hopeful, yet he couldn't decipher whether she did or didn't want Ron to remember. Ron looked up, thinking."There is something... But it can't be." He laughed. "I was completely boggled, wasn't I?"Disappointment was plain on her face. "Boggled." Harry glanced up from his book for a second and in that second Teddy was able to read a quick sentence that'd been scribbled in by the so-called, mysterious Half-Blood Prince.'Sectumsempra - For enemies'"Harry." Hermione said, pointing a group of girls passing by. "That's Katie." When Harry gave no reaction she rolled her eyes. "Katie Bell.""Wasn't she the girl that got cursed in Hogsmeade?" Teddy asked, but Harry had already jumped to his feet and was practically sprinting towards Katie. The two talked for a while and Teddy tried his best to get a hint of what was being said. But unfortunately he was a terrible lip reader. Suddenly, Katie seemed distracted and was staring at the entrance to the Great Hall. Harry spun around and Teddy turned in his seat.Standing by the door, was Draco. Looking, for once, scared and anxious. But the Slytherin boy didn't stay for long and quickly retreated out of the Great Hall. Teddy groaned though as Harry followed after him in quick pursuit. "I'll be back." He said to the group, getting out of his seat and toeing behind Harry. "Harry-""Not now, Teddy!" Harry snapped, sounding very unlike himself. Teddy hadn't expected him to react so angrily, yet continued to follow. There was no way he could just sit idly by while his friend did something stupid. "Harry, this isn't-""Seriously, Teddy! Go away!" Harry shoved open the boy's bathroom door in which Draco had disappeared into. Teddy pushed it open after him and grabbed Harry's shoulder. He opened his mouth to tell Harry to turn around and go back to the Great Hall when he suddenly heard sobbing. A boy's sobs. Draco was leaned over one of the sinks, the faucet running.He looked horrible. His hair was messy and his eyes were red and puffy from crying. Teddy almost felt sorry for him, as if forgetting all those times he had bullied him due to an uncontrollable gene. Draco didn't seem to realize they were there. "I know what you did, Malfoy." Draco looked into the mirror, spotting Harry and Teddy and spinning around to face them.Teddy tried grabbing Harry's shoulder, to stop him, but Harry shrugged him off. "You hexed her, didn't you?"Draco grunted and an invisible spell shot towards the two boys. Both of them jumped out of the way and teddy fell on his side against a cubicle door. Harry however was still on his feet and returned the spell viciously. Draco dodged it but the sink behind him exploded and the pipes shot out heavy amounts of water."Harry, stop!" Teddy yelled, getting up yet keeping his wand tucked away in its holster. Harry ran around the cubicles, and Teddy could hear several spells being fired. He got up almost slipping on the wet tiles. "Stop!" There was a shattering of glass somewhere in the bathroom and then silence. Only the spraying of water could be heard.Teddy ran around a corner and bumped straight into Harry, who had a murderous glare in his eyes. Harry barely noticed Teddy and was soon down on all fours, looking underneath the cubicles. Draco must've been doing the same as a bright curse missed harry by an inch. "Stop it! Both of you!" Harry ran off and Teddy finally slipped on the flooded floor.Numb pain shot through his back which was now soaked. He forced himself once more onto his feet. He ran down towards the sinks and bumped straight into Draco, who held his wand up ferociously. Teddy raised both his hands in fear. His eyes widened as suddenly he hear Harry's voice. "Sectumsempra!"Draco was tossed to the side like a rag doll and fell on the ground with a thud. And stayed there.Teddy watched in horror as deep wounds began to grow all over Draco's body. The bleeding was uncontrollable. Harry stood on the other side of the room, looking like an animal as he panted loudly, no hint of regret nor guilt in his eyes. Draco's breathing had gotten croaky and he let out a few high pitched whimpers of pain. Teddy leaned down by his side, eyes wide and hands shaky. "Reparifors" He said, pulling out his wand. But the wounds didn't vanish, they just continued bleeding endlessly.The door to the bathrooms opened and Professor Snape walking in. He didn't yell nor panic when he saw Draco lying on the ground in pain. Teddy stood up, walking towards Harry who had finally seemed to have gotten a grip on his humanity. Snape glared at the boys who walked out of the room."Vulnera Sanentur." Snape muttered, waving his wand slowly over Malfoy's boy. The blood slowly began to reentered Draco's body before deep cuts healed. "Vulnera Sanentur, Vulnera Sanentur, Vulnera Sanentur." His voice disappeared as they walked out of the bathroom. Harry, still panting, looked up at Teddy. His eyes finally full of regret, guilt... and fear.Teddy's eyes were also filled with the same fear.In the last few weeks he had learnt that he had family who pretended he didn't exist, he'd come close to dying more times than any sixteen year old boy should, the Burrow was destroyed and now his best friend had just done the unthinkable. It was all too much... but he had to stay strong, he had to keep everyone and everything together. It felt like his job, his duty to his friends and family.Teddy stared down at the potions book tucked into Harry's robes. He knew what had to be done, they both did. "We're getting rid of that. Right now."

Chapter 24- Hidden To Be Forgotten -Teddy sat on the stone cold floor of the school corridor, waiting for Harry and Ginny to return from the Room of Requirement. It was the one place they could think of that could truly hide the book, so that'd it'd never be picked up by anyone ever again.The boy looked a little worse for wear. His robes were shabby and still wet, his hair were untidy and his fingers rubbed against the wood of his wand in worry. His eyes stared vacantly at one of the tall arched windows, showing the courtyard and miles away, Hogsmeade. His home. So close, yet he didn't know if he would ever be able to return to the little cottage he had called home for less than two or so years.But it wasn't so much the cottage he missed, nor the garden, nor the shops nearby, nor the little hammock hanging from the rafters in his small bedroom. It was his father. For a moment, when he had first returned back to Hogwarts he had almost forgotten the mess that was his life now. But it had quickly caught up with him.The corridor had been quiet for what felt like hours, until he heard footsteps. He looked up to see Arkie standing above him. "Teddy.""I don't wanna talk about it, in fact... I think I just want to be alone." He continued to look up at her, his forest eyes meeting her starry brown ones. She nodded, putting her hand delicately into her robe pockets."Just remember I'm here, if you ever need to talk about it." She walked away once he didn't respond. Teddy squinted as the afternoon sun shone through the window and straight into his eyes. He moved to the side, rubbing his eyes in discomfort. As he did someone tripped over his extended leg. Teddy opened his eyes to find Terry sprawled out on the floor."Hey." He grunted."Sorry." Teddy replied, yet didn't sound very sorry at all. Terry picked himself up, brushing off his robes, but stopped when he saw Teddy's dismal expression. At Quidditch captain looked awkwardly up and down the corridor before staring back down at his room mate. "You okay, Teddy?""No." He replied. Terry continued to stand awkwardly."Freddie's been wondering where you've been. Should I tell him you're here?""No, I want to be alone." Teddy gave a polite smile then stared forward again. He looked to his left in surprise as Terry sat down beside him. From the look on his face, Terry didn't seem to know why he was staying either. "Bad day?"Teddy was cautious to respond. Out of all of his room mates, Terry had always shown a bit of a resentment towards him. "The worst. But why do you care?" The words came out before he could stop them, yet his tone was dull.Terry shrugged. "Because... I guess I feel... sorry for you." He said, his voice strained. Teddy smirked for a split second."That was excruciating." The two boys smiled towards each other. "But... thanks. You know, I always thought you kind of hated me."Terry's smiled faded and he stared at the stone floor. "Not so much you... more like, your kind." Teddy shifted uncomfortably. "It was a long time ago but, my dad was turned by a Werewolf.""Oh, I'm sorry. Is he okay?""I wouldn't know. He left when I was nine."Teddy looked at his friends with a sympathetic gaze. "Ter, I had no idea.""No one does. I haven't told anybody, not even the guys." Terry bowed his head shamefully. "I guess I've just been so ashamed... and when you came in our first year, you were just a reminder of what I'd lost." A sob escaped the boy's lips but Teddy pulled him in closely so that Terry was resting his head on Teddy's chest.Neither spoke, they just sat there. Enjoying each others company. "I'm sorry, I didn't give you a chance." Suddenly, Harry walked round the corner with Ron. Terry looked up and quickly rubbed his eyes, sniffing."Oh, did we ugh, interrupt something?" Ron asked."No. No." Terry shook his head. "it's fine. We're fine." He inhaled unevenly glancing at Teddy who was still sitting on the ground. "I'll see you back at the Ravenclaw Tower- and Teddy." He stopped halfway down the corridor. "Thanks."Once he was gone Teddy looked up at the others. Harry could tell that the shock of recent events hadn't fully gone from Teddy's mind, but whatever he and Terry had talked about had helped. "Is it gone?" He asked and Harry nodded.Teddy stood up btu turned around when another person walked down the corridor. Professor Slughorn smiled when he saw Teddy but stopped in his tracks when he saw Harry. "Oh." He gasped, spinning around and dashing away."Still no luck with Slughorn I'm guessing." Teddy sighed."Luck." A strange expression bloomed on Harry's face. "That's it. All I need is a bit of luck."

Hey Readers!Thank you so much for continuing to read my book, I can barely believe I'm writing the 79th chapter of the 'Tamed - A Lupin Tale' series.Teddy has come so far and hope you are as excited to read the rest of his tale as I am!- DawnTideChapter 25- Little Sip of Luck -Teddy, Ron and Hermione all sat around Harry in the Gryffindor common room. The sun was on the verge of disappearing behind the horizon, yet the sky was still oddly light. Harry held the small vial of Liquid Luck in front of him."Good luck." Teddy wished him, both humorously and genuinely. Harry gave a nervous nod and gulped down the vial's entire contents. Everyone leaned forward in their seats, which creaked loudly in the silence of the common room. They watched as the Liquid Luck began to take effect. Harry's eyes lit up from behind his glasses and a wide smile, which Teddy sorely wished he could borrow, crept to his lips."Well, how do you feel?" Hermione asked, still leaning forward in her armchair.Harry let out a small exhilarated breath. "Excellent. Really excellent." He stood up suddenly and the others did the same. It was good to see Harry in high spirits, he hadn't quite been himself since Sirius died. Teddy and Harry had both shared a special connection with the man, but Teddy knew Sirius was like a father to Harry and just like his first one, he was gone. To Teddy, Sirius had been more a of friend, who he happily remembered duelling with in Grimmauld Place.Hermione cleared her throat and Teddy blinked back to reality. "Remember, Harry, Slughorn usually leaves early, takes a walk, and then returns to his office."Harry nodded quickly yet didn't appear to be taking in any information. "Right. I'm going down to Hagrid's." He walked past the group and Teddy spun around in confusion, following after him and grabbing Harry by the wrist."What? Harry, you've got to go to speak to Slughorn." He said.Hermione stood beside him. "We have a plan, remember?" Harry let out a surprising whine, glancing once around the room."I know but I've got a... really good feeling about Hagrid's." He said, looking as if he was having a little trouble speaking his mind. "I feel it's-it's the place to be tonight. Do you know?"The group stared at each before reply together. "No.""Well, trust me. I know what I'm doing." His bright, childish smile returned. "Or Felix does." And with that he crawled out of the portrait hole. The common room became quiet again and Teddy slowly turned towards Hermione and Ron, sharing their worried expressions.Suddenly, Teddy noticed the time. "Damn! I should've been in my common room ten minutes ago. I got to go before Filch rips my head off!""Alright bye.""Bye, Teddy.""Bye guys.""Under pressure is the only way I work.And by myself,is the only way I'm hurt.What am I?"Teddy had to think about the knocker's riddle for a bit, leaning against the curved stone walls. He was desperate to get inside, to see if Anna had chosen the four competitors in that year's duelling competition. She was never late with anything so he knew the list would most defiantly be on the Ravenclaw noticeboard. Which meant he couldn't get this riddle wrong.If he did he'd be locked out and everyone was already inside. He'd have to find a teacher and explain what he was doing past hours. "Come on, Teddy! Think!" He said to his brain, tapping his scalp hardly. Finally, a lightbulb went off inside his mind."A diamond?" His voice cracked with uncertainty.The eagle let out it's usual proud squawk and the door swung open by itself. "Thank Merlin." He sighed, picking up his school bag and wandering into the beautiful Ravenclaw common room which was still filled with students, busy doing homework and studying for assessments. For a second he thought no one would even bother looking up as he entered, but shockingly all eyes rested on him as soon as the door shut behind him.Each pair of eyes seemed to stare at him differently, if that was possible. Some with appreciation, others with hesitation, awe, awkwardness, confusion, aggression and some just stared blankly. But each set of eyes had a tinged of something familiar in them, fear. Were they all still afraid of him? He'd been in the Ravenclaw Tower, surely he was old news by now.If it wasn't him they were afraid of, who were they?Teddy tugged on the strap of his school bag and walked across the common room, weaving between the sofas, book piles and students. He passed by a familiar group of three, all consisting of duelling club members. "Benjamin, Angela, Stephen." He said with a nod. "How're you guys? Is the list up yet?""Yeah." Benjamin replied after glancing at the others. "We all got picked." Teddy had expected him to sound more excited, but then again they were three of the best duelers in Ravenclaw and were chosen for the team each year, including Marcus."Oh, congrats. I'm sure you're all excited." He said politely."We are." Angela nodded, stone-faced.Teddy stood quietly, fiddling with his index finger and thumb. "So... did Marcus get the fourth spot?" He couldn't hide the disappointment in his voice. Maybe that was why they were all acting so weird? All three sets of eyes hit the ground. "Not this year. You got the spot." Stephen said.Teddy felt butterflies in his chest, but before he could say anything or at least process how amazing that moment was Benjamin gave him anxious glare. "Dude, I suggest you go straight to your room.""Huh?"Angela shut the book that was resting at her side. "Marcus has been rampaging ever since you stole his spot. So, take our advice... disappear!" But before Teddy could do anything, loud footsteps came from the dormitory stairs. Marcus looked around the common room, his fiery gaze landing on the scrawny, wild eyed teenager standing beside the rest of the chosen duelers, who all scattered instantly.Half of the students in the common room all decided at once that now was the time to go to bed or find something else to do. The other half just stared at the two. "You've really done it this time.""Huh?" The word came out before Teddy could stop himself. For a split idiotic second he had been too focused on what everyone else was doing to remember why Marcus was breathing heavily with fury. "Oh! Sorry." Why was he apologizing? Merlin's beard! He shouldn't have to apologize to him."Sorry? Sorry ain't gonna cut it, Mutt!"A cold shiver begun to run itself down Teddy's spine, but suddenly a new feeling pulsed through him. Confidence. He wasn't putting up with Marcus anymore. "The name's Teddy, actually. Shouldn't be that hard to remember."Two curious Ravenclaw girls looked at each other, their mouths forming 'O's. Marcus however took a sudden, hard step forward, enough to shake the floorboards. "Oh," Marcus said mockingly. "Wow, suddenly feeling brave are you? How dare you talk to me like that. You filthy half-breed!""Hey!" A new voice came from the staircase. Teddy peered around Marcus to see all four of his friends walking towards him. Terry stood the closest to Marcus, almost towering over him. "You're one to go talking about bravery. As if you know what it is to be brave. Teddy is the bravest person I've ever met!""Shut up, Ter!" Marcus snapped."He's been through more than you ever have." Leonard stepped forward, pushing his reading glasses further up his nose. "He's grown up in an orphanage, survived full moons - on his own, found love, been tortured, witnessed murders, fought Death Eaters and conquered the everlasting chains of prejudice, fear and hate that you try to bound him in!" Terry saw Leonard take a small intake of air, having not breathed once during his whole speech."And as a matter of fact, Marcus, he's not a half-breed." Teddy wondered where Freddie was going with this. "He's a quarter-breed!" Freddie finished without losing a shred of self-confidence."A what?" Both Marcus and Teddy spoke at once."I'll explain it later!" Freddie said, crossly, his chubby cheeks burning red. Daniel nodded silently, a sharp, unforgiving nod. The four boys all made a long wall in front of Teddy, like a barrier, shielding him and Teddy couldn't help feeling warm inside. 'How did I find friends like them?' Teddy asked himself, relaxing his stance."You're all so sweet, it's sickening! So get out of my way! If Teddy thinks he can steal my spot on the team, then he's got another thing coming!" He stood forward, attempting to get through the blockade. Teddy jumped back half a step, but Marcus was unable to get to him. All four boys pushed him back. "You're all making a big mistake. Trusting him!" He spat the word 'him'.Daniel's eyelids slitted. "Back. Off." Marcus flinched at the loathing in quiet Daniel's voice. The Head Boy's eyes danced around the common room, but all eyes were no longer on Teddy. Red flushed to his cheeks."I-I-I..." He stammered, taking a few steps back. Teddy walked forward, joining his friends. All traces of fear washed from his face."What's wrong, Marcus?" He grinned. "Werewolf got your tongue?"He couldn't help himself and very much enjoyed Marcus' reaction. He recoiled, before retreating up the stairs and vanishing. Teddy glanced at the others who were all staring at him. Everything thing was quiet, then..."Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha." Teddy's laughed started out small but grew bigger as the others joined in. Soon all of them were standing in the center of the common room, their arms linked around each others shoulders. None of them noticed at the few students who'd sat behind to watch ran up to their dorms.Freddie chuckled beside Teddy so much that he tripped over and, like dominos, the others did as well, landing on the soft mat and staring up at the starry ceiling. It truly was the best common room of all, and he had the best friends to go with it. "That was great!" Terry laughed. "Always wanted to do that!""How about... how about." Freddie struggled to speak through his constant gasps for air. "How about what Teddy said. 'Werewolf got your tongue'. Ha ha! You gotta remember that one, Ted!""That felt good." Teddy admitted.Leonard, spread his arms out above him. "That was long over due.""Serves him right." Terry snorted. "He's been bully Ravenclaws since first year. I only wish we did that sooner!""I'm just thankful you guys were there. That meant a lot to me." All four heads turned to Teddy in the center. They smiled. Suddenly, Teddy remembered something. "Hey, Freddie?""Hm?""What did you call me back there? A... quarter-breed?"Leonard and Terry made small noises, a mix between a groan and an elongated laugh. "It's just something I realized." Freddie began. "Werewolves are considered half-breed, but you're half Werewolf so...""Oh, I get it now.""Sorry, if you don't like it-""Nah," Teddy shrugged, looking upwards against at the comet that raced by. "It's cool. A quarter-breed, huh? Kinda like the sound of that.""Professor Slughorn's gonna flip when he hears you're a new species of a sort."Leonard rolled his eyes. "I doubt that's actually true, Freddie.""I said, 'of a sort', Leonard!""Yeah, but to actually make that call you'd have to..."Their conversation blended into the background as Teddy was reminded of Harry's mission. Hopefully, he'd been able to obtain the Professor's memory and find the answers he and Dumbledore were looking for. Then his mind shifted to his father. Where was he?Teddy had given up writing letters to him, he never responded. And after the attack at the Burrow, it'd become far to dangerous to contact each other. There was no way Teddy could be sure he was safe, but then again no one was. He'd promised to show up at the dueling tournament, but Teddy didn't bother getting his hopes up. He knew his father would be wishing him luck, even if he can't be there in person."Love you, Dad." He sent the silent message out into the quiet, peaceful night.

Here's a little B'day special!A little fun game - my age is hidden among the text in italics. See if you can find it!- DawnTideChapter 26- Ravenclaws! Caw! Caw! -"You guys didn't have to come." Teddy said, pulling on his Ravenclaw dueling cloak, occasionally staring at the other school teams and then down the at the Hogwarts duelers. There were five competitors from each house, including their captains who were all gathered to the side talking in hushed voices."Are you kidding me?" Freddie yelled loudly above the impatient crowd. All four Ravenclaw boys and Arkie had gone all out to support their friend and he even gotten white t-shirts with big, bold, blue letters of the front. Leonard had the letter 'T', Terry had 'E', Freddie had 'DD' on his, Daniel had a 'Y' and Arkie had a huge exclamation mark on hers. Teddy had to admit, it was extremely embarrassing, but at the same time, flattering."Teddy!" Two adults were pushing their way through the crowd to sitting next to their daughter on the stands. Mr Edwards was dressed in full merchandise, with a large raven shaped hat, that looked like part of Luna's collection. "Go win this thing! Go Hogwarts! Woo woo woo woo!" Mrs Edwards, put her fingers in her ears and gave Teddy a comforting smile."Colin." She tutted, but her husband paid no mind."Ah, Teddy, there you are!" Four more adults struggled to get through the yet to be seated crowd towards him."Mr and Mrs Weasley! Tonks! Mad-Eye! I didn't think I'd see you guys here." He happily took Mrs Weasley's hug and Mr Weasley's pat on the back."Of course. Now are you all ready? Wand? Uniform? Water?" Mrs Weasley said, wiping a smudge from his cheek.Moody gave his usual growl, yet Teddy couldn't decipher if it was a happy one or an angry one, they all sounded the same. "For God's sake woman, he's not a child."Mrs Weasley glared at him. "He's not an adult yet, Mad-Eye!""Mrs Weasley, I've got everything." Teddy said, quickly intervening."Good. Then we'll take a seat, Ron and the others should be here shortly." Both she and her husband walked off to find seat, leaving Tonks and Moody with Teddy. Mad-Eye took a few steps back, his one blue eyes searching the crowd of adults and students and Teddy could help getting the feeling he wasn't there to see him compete."Good luck, Teddy." Tonk wished him, a bright smile on her young face. She was probably in her early twenties, a huge age gap between her and his dad, but Teddy didn't mind. As long as she loved him as much as he did then she was all good in his books.He grinned. "Thanks, Tonks. Hey, have you heard from Dad?" He whispered the last part and noticed Mad-Eye's eye glancing at them for a split of a second. Tonks gave him a sad smile before almost tripping over one of the dueling mats that covered the floor. "Sorry, Teddy, he really did want to come. It took a good talk with Mad-Eye to convince him to stay low. But we've come in his place.""But why not? No offense, but why can you guys come and he can't, you don't exactly... blend in." He motioned to Moody with his eyes and blushed when he realized the scarred Auror had seen him."You've been reading the Daily Prophet, right? Werewolves aren't exactly welcome anywhere right now." She seemed to be thinking her words through carefully. "It's a wonder they let you in here. But I guess Dumbledore has something to do with that. But like I said, we're here to protect you and Harry and the others.""Protect?" Like Teddy had guessed earlier, they weren't here to see the match, they were on Auror duty."Tonks! Quiet!" Mad-Eye hissed, pushing past her towards Teddy. Teddy looked up at him. The Auror was truly hideous but Teddy no longer felt scared and awkward around him like he used to. Moody had found a place in his heart, no matter how small, when he had offered to teach Teddy when he was on lock down in Grimmauld Place with Sirius, and had been there for him when his godfather was murdered. "Now you listen here boy," he began. "You just focus on your match."Teddy was a little surprised when he heard the tone of Moody's voice. It was like he truly did want him to win. The Auror look him dead in the eye as he spoke. "Remember what I taught you. Trust yer gut and keep you head in the match.""Yes, sir." He replied before hearing his name being shouted out."Teddy!" Anna called over to him and he dashed to join the rest of the group."Good luck!" Mad-Eye croaked. Teddy noticed a few heads had turned in both Mad-Eye's and his direction. Anna raised both eyebrows, instantly recognizing the famous Auror. "Is that Alastor Moody? What's he doing here, security? Do you know him?"All four pairs of his rested on Teddy who shrugged. "Yeah, he taught me for a while. I like to say we're friends of a sort."Anna shook her head, giving a small inaudible laugh. "You're full of surprises Wonder Boy. Now, listen up!" She shouted and they all huddled closely in a circle. "Now, today's the day. When the horn goes off duelers will go to their dueling mats. You all know which mat you are? Don't forget what we practiced! Benjamin, keep your stance lose, Angela, remember an equal range of defense and offense attacks are effective and Stephen, just because you know a lot of fancy spells doesn't mean you have to use them." She finally turned round to Teddy. "And you, trust your gut, it'll barely ever lead you astray. And don't even think about hesitating, it's a bad habit!.""Yes, ma'am." He smirked with a playful salute."Alright. Ravenclaws, Caw Caw! On three. One. Two. Three."They all put their hands in and raised them in the air. "Ravenclaws! Caw! Caw!' They shouted. A few weeks ago, Teddy had found the chant extremely cheesy, but now it didn't feel like a chant anymore, it was a battle cry!At that moment a loud horn went off and Teddy dashed of to duelling mat fifteen, which happened to be right in front of his friends, including Ron, Harry and Hermione - who'd all slipped in just in time - Tonks, Mad-Eye, Arkie and her parents."Keep your head in the match, Teddy!" He thought loudly. His opponent was a tall beefy boy dressed in Ilvermorny duelling robes.Teddy gulped, already feeling like throwing up, the boy looked like his spells would pack a heavy punch. He'd never felt this way in practice. It wasn't fear but nervousness. He didn't wanna let anyone down. Usually, in duelling practice he'd have time to study his opponent's style of duelling. How they shot their spells, what type of spells they used, their stances and weaknesses. But he didn't have that luxury anymore.This time he would have to do what Moody said and follow his gut. A referee stood just outside of the mat, holding a clipboard and quill. "You both know the rules. The match will be the best out of five. First person to disarm and, or knock the other person down wins."The two competitors stood inches from each other, so close that Teddy could smell the other boy's hot breath. "Wands at the ready!" The referee shouted. "Bow!"They bowed, then began to step away from each other. "Three. Two. One. Begin!"Teddy instinctively turned around, prepared to fire a non-verbal spell. The Ilvermorny boy did the same but his spell was incredibly strong, so strong in over powered Teddy's spell and hit him square in the chest. He tumbled backwards, giving thanks to the slight padding in his uniform. "Round one to Ilvermorny." He Teddy got onto his knees, blushing at how impossibly quick his demise had been. He glanced at the duelling mat across the room.Anna had disarmed her sparing partner and had noticed Teddy on the ground. She glared once before preparing for her second round with the Beauxbaton's Duelling Captain. He looked over his other shoulder to see Moody shouting something at him. "Duelling isn't just a test of strength, boy. It's a test of the mind."He looked back down at his knees then stood up onto his feet, a determined look in his eyes. "I'm ready." He said and the referee nodded, writing something on his clipboard quickly."I hope you know a bone repairing spell, Hog-Trash!" The Ilvermorny boy shouted from the other side of the mat.Teddy didn't let his comment faze him. "I do as a matter of fact! But don't worry, I'll make sure to use it on you when the match is over.""Three. Two. One. Begin!"Everything slowed down and Teddy watched as the boy turned around, firing a spell at Teddy, who instead of trying to block the spell, simply jumped out of the way. The spell flew past him, hitting one of the Ilvermorny boy's fellow competitors. The boy covered his mouth in surprise. "Levicorpus!" He was lifted off the ground and into the air, then landed flat on his back.Teddy stretched his wand arm smugly. "Round two to Hogwarts.""Round three to Hogwarts.""Round four to Ilvermorny." Teddy cursed, rubbing his hand and picking up his disarmed wand. In the stands everyone was leaning forward. Mr Edwards was cheering on the top of his lungs while Mrs Edwards covered her ears. Arkie was leaning so far forward she looked on the verge of falling off her seat. The boys were whooping and showing off their t-shirts to anyone who would look. Tonks smiled comfortingly."Three. Two. One. Begin!"The two red and blue sparks from their wands collided, giving a lime green flash. "Reducto! Reducto!" The boy shouted."Protego!" Teddy's wand danced in front of him and an invisible barrier came up, shielding him. The Ilvermorny boy was giving him no mercy. It was anyone's match. Teddy was struggling and looked up at the stands, towards his old teacher. Mad-Eye's blue eye was still looking all around the room, but his normal eyes was focused on Teddy only. Focus... That's it!Teddy looked back at his opponent but let his mind wander through all his memories, picking one of them. "Expecto Patronum!" The large grizzly bear shot out from his wand tip and reared above the boy who gave a shout, firing a spell that when straight through the patronus. The memory of Remus and Teddy standing among the Weasley's at the Quidditch World Cup swirled around in Teddy's mind. The referee looked surprised and Teddy suddenly remembered his plan."Reducto!" The boy's feet flew out from under him and he fell to the ground with a thud. The patronus vanished and he tucked his wand back into its holster, staring at the referee. "Round five goes to Hogwarts. Teddy Lupin wins the match!"Loud noises erupted from the stands nearby. Teddy walked over to the Ilvermorny boy, offering him a hand up. "Good match.""Man, how did you do that?""Let's just say, I learnt from the best." He smiled, wishing more than ever that his father was there to see that. Finally, he was able to join the others. "Teddy!" Arkie met him at the edge of the dueling mat, hugging him. "You were amazing!"Mr Edwards was right behind her with his wife. "I didn't know you could produce a patronus, Teddy." A large Auror shoved past him."Yes, yes, surprise, surprise." Mad-Eye grumbled, towering over Teddy. "Yer father would be proud.""Thanks, Mad-Eye."Suddenly, a loud voice echoed around the room. The last of the duelling matches had ended and everyone was awaiting to find out who the winners were. "The winners of this year's Inter-school Duelling Competition is... Hogwarts School For Witchcraft and Wizardry."Teddy didn't have the chance to look back at the others before he was suddenly toppled to the ground. Freddie, Terry, Leonard and Daniel had jumped upon him all talking at once. It was impossible to decipher what they were each saying, but Teddy guessed they were congratulating him. He looked up at Harry, Ron and Hermione who were all laughing besides the others.As he laid on the floor, with four boys on top of him, cutting off his air supply, he could see Anna and the other Ravenclaws celebrating. Another moment to use for his next patronus!

Chapter 27- Unforgiven Feuds -Hogwart's win at the Inter-school Duelling Competition had, had enormous effects on Teddy's popularity. Most of the school ceased staring at him whenever he entered a room, occasionally they would say hi as they passed by and congratulate him on his recent win. The only students whose perspective on Teddy hadn't changed were the Slytherins, Snape, Filch and all of Marcus' friends.So far, Teddy had been able to stay clear of the Head Boy, but always got the feeling that Marcus was trying to put as much distance between them as possible. Occasionally, Teddy would walk into the Ravenclaw Tower to see him picking on a third year, but he would quickly retreat to his room upon seeing Teddy.Another thing the competition had positively effected was Teddy, whose confidence looked as though it had decided to stay for good.Although he constantly worried for his father, it had been good to see most of the other Order members and know they were okay. Of course, he had always been certain that Mad-Eye was fine. If he had gone missing it would most likely have been in the papers, beside the guy was practically unkillable.Hogwarts had been silent for a while, ever since Harry was able to retrieve Slughorn's memory he'd become curiously secretive. He refused to say anything more the memory, nor if Dumbledore had told him anything else. All he would say was that the Head Master didn't want him to say anything just yet. After the twelfth time Harry had turned down Teddy's plead for information he finally gave up and stopped asking questions.Instead he tried his best to continue as if nothing had happened. He spent more time with his friends and Arkie, who had begun to spend less time with her friends, who still sadly despised. "They're just too stuck in their ways." She'd said when Teddy had asked her why she wouldn't even so much as glance at them."How so?" He asked, yet already guessed the answer. Arkie shrugged, flicking her hair, looking completely unbothered."I've tried convincing them but... If they can't see past something as silly and uncontrollable as DNA, then they're not worth my time."This gave Teddy mixed feelings. It always felt nice when someone stood up for him and it felt even better to watch someone stand up for themselves. But he did feel guilty for being the reason she'd lost her friends. "I should've done that sooner." She'd huffed. "Besides, you, the boys, Harry, Hermione and Ron are all my real friends."Since then the six of them would always be at each others hips. But their willingness to stay so close to each other wasn't just a sign of their friendship. Despite Teddy's attempts to return to the way things should be, where his biggest worry was passing his History of Magic test - which he had regretfully taken as a subject at the beginning of term, a eerily feeling had fallen over the school and its students.No one could shake the feeling that something bad was about to happen. The Daily Prophet had begun to print twice the number of papers as usual, the covers covered in missing people ads. The death tolls had increased dramatically all over London. The weather soon became grey and stayed that way, constantly.One day Teddy looked up to the grey sky as he and the gang sat out in the courtyard after dinner. They were trying to enjoy their last moments outside before they'd have to retire to their dorm, but the stormy weather and cold winds just made the whole thing miserable. "It's too bad I don't have an umbrella." Freddie said. "Looks like it's going to rain soon.""Hey, did you guys see Professor Dumbledore at dinner?" Leonard asked. A book laid closed beside him, yet he didn't reach to open it like usual.Teddy shook his head, playing with Arkie's hair as she rested on his lap. "I haven't seen Harry neither. Ron and Hermione said Dumbledore wanted to see him and the two just kind of, disappeared.""D'you reckon it has something to do with... You-Know-Who?" Arkie asked, sitting up. The boys glanced at each other.Teddy's lips pursed. "I'd be surprised if it wasn't.""Where're you going?" Terry asked as Teddy stood up."Upstairs. This weather is miserable."The others also stood up in sync. "We'll come to." Arkie said, slipping her arm around Teddy's waist. They all walked through the nearly empty corridor. Thunder sounded in the distance and the storm clouds thickened almost instantaneously. Teddy couldn't stop thinking that they were somehow a sign, a warning.Finally they reached the Ravenclaw Tower staircase, but Teddy's stomach dropped when he saw Marcus' group of friends waiting for them. Teddy tried to get past them but they only blocked the staircase further. Teddy, pocketed his hands, secretly holding his wand. "Bad weather, isn't it? Heard Nathan's making hot chocolate in his dorm for anyone who comes knocking. Might drop in for a quick visit before bed, how bout you guys?"They didn't reply and didn't move. Someone came down the stairs. Teddy looked Marcus in the eye and released a long tired breath. "Marcus, I really don't want to do this now.""I really couldn't care what you want."The two gangs stood face to face, both equally outmatched and both with wands in their hands. "Marcus, if we could just get past this-""Shut up!"Arkie glared at him. "Don't speak to him like that!" Marcus didn't even bother glancing at her, his eyes just bore into Teddy's. Thunder boomed outside and a quick lightning flash lit the corridor. Teddy didn't move as the Head Boy came closer, he continued to stand his ground. "Marcus, I'm warning you. This is your last chance to step aside."Marcus rolled his eyes. "Yeah, not going to happen. So why don't we finish what we started in duelling training. Only let's skip the whole bowing and et cetera.""Yes, let's!" Terry growled, wand pointing right at Marcus' face."It's okay, Terry. We're not doing anything of the sort." Teddy said, raising a hand and pushing down his friend's wand. It happened as quick as the lightning outside. Marcus raised his fist, ignoring the wand in his belt, aiming for Teddy's nose. At the same time a spell shot from Terry's wand, striking him in the face. Marcus' troupe fired spells and so did Teddy's.Teddy looked down at Marcus who was crouched on the floor, holding his face in pain. A spell shot off the wall and flew towards Teddy who, without looking at it, raised his wand and deflected it. Marcus glared up at him, baring his teeth. His nose was bleeding and one of his eyes was covered in a dark black bruise. He pounced at Teddy like a tiger, pinning him to the ground.Teddy fought to push the heavy seventh year off him, he jabbed his knee into Marcus' ribs. His big hands let go of Teddy's shoulders for the shortest second and Teddy quickly slipped out of his grip. Marcus was on his feet, groping for Teddy again but this time he fought back and slammed his foot down on Marcus' foot before firing a quick spell from his wand.The spell pushed Marcus back a few inches yet did nothing of real significance, not that he had wanted it to. "Marcus, that's enough!"Around him everyone was still fighting. Arkie was battling a young Ravenclaw girl, who was under the effect of a bat-bogey hex performed by Arkie herself. The girls was tugging at Arkie's hair trying to get her off balance. Teddy's thoughts of helping her were cut short when Marcus pulled out his wand. "It's enough when I say it's enough!""Flipendo!" Marcus was too infuriated and too reckless to think enough to perform a shielding charm and was tossed backwards. Teddy bolted down the corridor as the Head Boy was once again on his feet. Marcus had the endurance of a bull and the fury of one too. Where would he go? Marcus was catching up and Teddy wouldn't be able to hold him back for long. Sure he had to admit that at a time like this he was the better dueler, but Marcus was built like a truck and could easily overpower him physically.The key to his salvation suddenly appeared in front of him. A familiar door he thought he'd never see again before he graduated. The Room of Requirement. Perfect. He ran to it, his heart racing as Marcus' footsteps become closer and heavier.If he let out a yelp he couldn't hear it as the creaking of the door drowned out all other noise. He flew into the room. It had changed since the last time he'd been in it. Then again it was supposed to change depending on the user's needs and it'd certainly become a good place to hide. Towers of random objects including pianos, chairs, crystal balls, closest, books and strange objects Teddy couldn't even describe, went on for miles, the room didn't seem to have an end, only a beginning."Oof!" Teddy turned around just in time to see the doors close and Marcus come running through them at the last second. He landed on Teddy and the two rolled over in the room full of endless junk. Marcus was trying to pry Teddy's wand from his hand, but Teddy kept it close to his chest and used the other hand to push at Marcus' bleeding, bruised face. "Get off!"His hand sprawled out to the side and his fingers wrapped around something heavy. Without thinking or caring to see what it was, Teddy swung it and the object smashed into a million tiny pieces as it came in contact with the back of Marcus' head. Teddy gasped for air from underneath the heavy, unconscious Ravenclaw.With slight effort he rolled him off and looked down at his hand. The object appeared to have been something made out of glass, and guessing from the pile of similar objects at his feet, it'd been a crystal ball. His dashing eyes glanced down at Marcus. His chest was rising a falling slowly compared to Teddy's which was jerking up and down quickly."Alright, big guy." He grunted, tugging Marcus' unconscious body to the side and out of sight. "Why don't you just sleep it off?"Suddenly, the doors to the room opened.

Chapter 28- Hogwarts Invaded! -Teddy was surprised to see the familiar light haired Slytherin walking through the large stone doors. Draco had a grim expression on his usually smug face. Teddy noticed how pale and tired he looked, his hair was ruffled and untidy and he looked as though he'd lost a bit of weight. In other words, he was a wreck.By then Teddy had, had enough of school bullies, so instead of going up to Draco he hid behind a large wardrobe. He pricked his ears for the sound of Draco's shoes on the stone floor. It was late, way past curfew. What was he doing in there? Teddy's breath caught in his chest as he glanced at a mirror, propped up against a large golden harp, and saw Draco facing the exact wardrobe he was hiding behind.Teddy's mind was going one hundred miles per hour. 'Does he know I'm here? If so, why is he just staring at the door like that?' Draco's reflection suddenly raised his wand, pointing at the doors of the wardrobe. Suddenly, an image flashed through Teddy's memory.He was crouched on the roof near Borgin and Burkes, watching Draco move towards a large old fashioned wardrobe. He looked further into the mirror's reflection. Although he could see little of the wardrobe itself, he knew instantly it was the same wardrobe... or an identical one.Draco mumbled something, a spell, but Teddy couldn't hear the words he was so quiet. He squinted his eyes at the reflection. The door handles appeared to be moving ever so slowly. All the sudden the doors creaked open ominously and a woman's foot, strapped in a black leather boot, stretched out from inside the wardrobe and lowered onto the floor.The rest of the woman's body slid out from within the shadows of the wardrobe. The woman had long, black, curly, matted hair, deathly pale skin, was dressed in completely black and had a large tattoo of a snake and a skull on her arm. The Dark Mark. Teddy felt fear and anger bubble hot in his gut as he watched Bellatrix Lestrange take in the endless, cramped room.Harry had been right, Draco was one of them... a Death Eater!Bellatrix smiled, showing off black and white teeth before sauntering forwards past Draco. Neither she nor Draco seemed to have yet to realize Teddy was there and for a second he thought he could possibly stun them both and run to warn Professor Dumbledore. But suddenly the wardrobe's door creaked further open and several more Death Eaters filed out one by one, each one looking extremely excited.All thoughts of over powering them and escaping blew from his mind. Instead he stayed still as a statue, hoping Marcus wouldn't wake up from where he was hidden."Well done, Draco." Bellatrix cooed in a whisper that reminded Teddy of a snake. "Now, you know what you have to do."There was movement, the silence. Teddy didn't move, he had to be sure they were gone. Finally, he leaned around the wardrobe, his green eyes searching the room. One step. Then another. He picked up the pace and headed straight for the door.Wham!Something flew into Teddy's face hard. He fell to the ground, wand gripped in one hand, the other raising to his broken, bleeding nose. It didn't hurt, not yet, Teddy guessed that was due to the shock soon he would feel the pain. Sure enough, seconds later the pain flooded through where the cricket bat had hit him.Thump! Thump!Large feet stood on either side of Teddy's out sprawled body. He looked up and gasped at the sight of Fenrir Greyback, grinning with sharp, uneven canines. "Hello, Tesdon." Teddy was on his feet in an instant but Fenrir had grabbed his shirt. "Your reflexes is abysmal!"Teddy wrinkled his nose but then instantly regretted it. "Yeah, to bad my eyes work just fine!" He looked the Werewolf up and down in disgust. Fenrir burst out into laughter, a cruel, booming cackle that reminded him of thunder. Teddy yelled in effort as he tossed a punch at Fenrir's jaw. The Werewolf released his grip, rubbing his jaw in pain. Teddy rubbed his fist in equal pain before running to the door."Petrificus Totalus!"The sixth year fell to the ground ridged. He opened his stinging eyes and blinked through the tears. In the distance Marcus was stirring, he stared at Teddy, first in anger then shock. Teddy flicked his eyes in the direction of Fenrir as a warning and Marcus slid back into hiding, tugging out his wand slowly."Wrong move, Lupin." Fenrir leaned down to Teddy's ear. "I expected more than this.""Reducto!"Fenrir flew back and smashed into a pile of chairs that came crumbling down. Marcus' wand twitched slightly as he glanced down at Teddy, eyes wide and fearful. "Finite." The curse binding Teddy's limbs to his body broke and he stood up, picking his wand up from the floor and glancing at Fenrir's body."Thanks." He panted."I didn't do it for you!" Marcus snapped."I know... but still." He said between pants. Suddenly, he remembered what he had to do. He ran to the doors bursting through them, not caring if Marcus was following. He ran alone through the corridors. The blood in his mouth tasted bitter and made him want to throw up, but he continued running. Where to he had no idea, but hopefully he'd bump into someone, anyone.Somehow he ended up in the Great Hall. He spun around as footsteps came from behind. It was Bellatrix, followed by the Aurors, Draco and... Snape! Surely not!Bellatrix laughed, jumping on one of the long tables. She was beyond excited."What did you do?" Teddy demanded, his voice croaky. His eyes bore into his professor's, but Snape's face was pallid and emotionless. Bellatrix barely noticed Teddy, as if he wasn't worth her time, and simply skipped up and down the tables. He wand flicked forward and all the windows shattered. Teddy fell to the ground in a tight ball, his arms protectively over his head. When he looked up he stared straight at Draco with acid eyes.Draco didn't look back at him, he looked in pain and tears were rushing down his face. What had they done? The floating candles above the blew out all at once, leaving the room dark and the ceiling just a stormy as outside. They all left hall, but Teddy stayed where he was, unable to move. His breath was shaky and his heart pounded like a hammer.Mad-Eye's voice rang through Teddy's head, a memory from his time in Grimmauld Place. 'Focus. Only you have the power to control your fear. Make a plan, follow it through.'"Okay, okay." He said to himself. "Find Dumbledore, he'll know what to do." With that he was able to pick himself off the ground and ran out of the hall. Students were also running through the corridors and out into the courtyard. What was going on?Crack!Lightning shot from the Astronomy Tower and up into the dark sky. The cloud swirled, forming a blood chilling shape. A large skull with a huge snake slithering from its open jaw. Teddy's eyes slid down to the ground and rested on the limp form lying inches away from him. "Oh no-" His knees wobbled but he refused to collapse.Hundreds of eyes stared down at Dumbledore's body, stretched out across the ground. Someone was pushing through the crowd and Teddy let Harry pass him and walk towards the Headmaster's body. A terrified scream left a girl's lips from somewhere in the crowd of students. Arkie's hand grabbed at Teddy's arm to steady herself."He's... he's..." She stuttered and Teddy pulled her close. He needed her comfort just as much as she needed his. but comfort was the last thing either of them felt that night. Teddy stared up at the Dark Mark in the sky. How dare it be there! How dare it celebrate such a gruesome act!Without even thinking, he raised his wand, the tip lit up as if to drown the Dark Mark with light. But of course it had barely any effect, the only difference it made was a small tiny lit on the skull's forehead. Still, he continued to point upwards, gripping the handle of his wand so tight his fingers turned white. Another light filled his vision, coming from Arkie's wand.Then another came from McGonagall's. Then Madame Pomfrey. Luna. Ron. Flitwick. Hermione. Freddie. Terry. Leonard. Lavender. Daniel. Anna. Cormac. Neville. Even Hagrid's umbrella glowed softly. Everyone's light was alit and pointed at the mark which was drowned by light and disappeared without a trace. Teddy's eyes watched as it disappeared a tear rolled down his blood stained cheek.

Chapter 29- Fallen Hero -Teddy leaned his back against the railing of the Astronomy Tower. Beside him on his left was Arkie, staring down at the Black Lake in the distance and on his right stood Harry and next to him was Hermione, Ron was sitting on one of the steps. On the horizon the sun was beginning to rise, a new day was dawning. Soon they would bury Dumbledore's body and head home. His father and Tonks had been invited and informed about what had happened in the strangest way Teddy had seen.He remembered watching as McGonagall summoned a beautiful, sleek cat Patronus which flew off into the sky to find them. After that Harry had found him, saying her wanted to talk to them all in private.Teddy glanced down at the object in Harry's hand. A small silver locket with a large greenish-yellow gem on the end. A Horcrux. Harry had explained everything. What he and Dumbledore had been doing the night before and what had happened afterwards. It all made sense now. Everyone had been in absolute distraught at the sight of the Head Master's body, so much that it took all night for Madame Pomfrey to control her emotions enough to heal Teddy's nose."Do you think he would've done it? Draco." Teddy asked after about twenty minutes of silence.Harry shook his head. "No. No, he was lowering his wand. In the end, it was Snape." Teddy stared down at his feet again. "It was always Snape. I did nothing."Teddy had never liked the feeling of hate, he had only felt pure hatred for one person, Umbridge. But strong disliking was something he was used to. Yet he had always tried his best to hide it. Snape had been someone he'd disliked for most of his life. The Professor only picked on his because of his father's past mistakes. Draco had been another person, for bullying him constantly.But now, Teddy felt sorry for Draco."It's fake." Harry interrupted his thoughts, holding up the locket and passing it to Teddy. "Open it." To did so, inside was a small folded piece of parchment. His fingers struggled to open it and his eyes squinted so to read the tiny handwriting."To the Dark Lord: I know I will be dead long before you read this but I want you to know that it was I who discovered your secret." He took a small breath. "I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can. I face death in the hope that when you meet your match, you will be mortal once more." He paused, looking at the initials on the bottom. "R.A.B?""Who's R.A.B?" Hermione asked and Harry shook his head, taking back the fake Horcrux."Don't know. But whoever they are they have the real Horcrux." He crunched up the note in his hand. "It means, it was all a waste. All of it."They returned to silence. Teddy had never realized how peaceful the Astronomy Tower was, even with the memory of a person falling from it to the courtyard below. "Ron's okay with you, you know." Hermione said to Harry after glancing at Ron, whose eyes were fixated on her. "You and Ginny."Teddy also glanced at Ron and could read the silent message in his eyes and whispered to Harry. "But if I were you when he's around, I'd keep snogging to a minimum." He smiled, brightly hugging Arkie to his side."I'm not coming back." Harry said bluntly and all eyes turned to him, surprised. "I got to finish whatever Dumbledore started. And I don't know where that'll lead me, but I'll let you all know where I am... when I can."Hermione stared out at the rolling hills in the distance. "I've always admired your courage, Harry." Then she let out a breathy laugh. "But sometimes, you can be really thick."Harry looked at her confused, then looked at Teddy who gave a soft smile. "You don't actually think you're going to be able to find all those Horcruxes, by yourself, do you?""You need us, Harry." Arkie added and looked up as Teddy glanced down at her. He hoped she knew what she was saying. Leaving Hogwarts and heading into a terrifying war. "We all need each other." She added again.Harry nodded. "You know, I never realised how beautiful this place was."There was a loud majestic squawk and something flew around the tower. It was Fawkes. The phoenix circled the tower, the sun brightening his fiery feathers before flying off towards the sun. Teddy wondered if he'd ever see Dumbledore's faithful pet again. But the phoenix was doing the right thing.It was time to move on.To be continued...

As usual, I hope you enjoy.Don't forget to leave some reviews/comments down below!PrologueTeddy stared around his room for the last time. Since the beginning of last year his room had changed quite a bit. Duelling team posters had replaced the Qudditch posters, hundreds of Daily Prophets were scattered across his desk, an old carton of Every Flavour Jellybeans sat empty on his bedside table, new pictures had been added to his mirror.A picture of him and the boys, who his father had yet to meet, one of him and Professor Slughorn at his Christmas party- which Slughorn had 'kindly' sent him, his win at the Inter-school Duelling Championships and lastly of him, Remus and Tonks. The three were standing in front a small church in a quaint little town north of Scotland. They all looked happy.The rest of the room on the other hand had transformed dramatically in a number of hours. All of his clothes, books, the Marauders map, quills and parchment were all packed up into a small rucksack. The rucksack had a special charm, that Hermione had thankfully taught him, allowing it to hold more content then it should be capable of.His hand reached forward to the mirror, plucking off each moving picture and putting it inside the front pocket of his bag. Teddy then picked up his wand, which was resting on his newspaper covered desk, his eyes skimmed a few of the familiar titles at he did.'Muggle-born Death Tolls Increases''Muggles Dropping Like Flies!''New Minister For Magic Elected!'Teddy stopped for a second, leaning forward to read further.'When asked about the future of the Wizarding World and how the Ministry intends to respond to theuprising of the infamous You-Know-Who,newly elected Minister for Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, had this to say."These are dark times, there is no denying. Our world has perhaps, faced no greater threatthan it does today.But I say this to our citizenry:We, ever your servants will continue to defend your liberty,"'Teddy let out a shallow scoff, his eyes flicking to another headline.'Ministry passes Werewolf Legislation'With his grip becoming firm on the table edge his green eyes stared back at the previous Prophet issue.'"We, ever your servants will continue to defend your libertyand repel the forces that seek to take it from you.Your Ministry remains strong!"'"Teddy, you ready?" Tonk's voice came from downstairs. He didn't respond, instead he stared at the paper for a few minutes then picked up his backpack, walking towards his bedroom door. But before he walked out the doorway he turned around, giving one last look at his small, yet perfect bedroom. The hammock, once his favourite place to hang, looked sad, swinging left to right with no one inside it.His eyes tried to taking in even inch of his room, hoping one day that he'd see it again."Teddy?" Tonks stood at the end of the hall, watching him quietly. Teddy remained silent, then he turned around. He was dressed in a pair of long jeans, a brown shirt with the name of his favourite duelling team, 'Violet Vixens', on the front, a jumper was tied around his waist and his wooden wolf necklace, that he'd been gifted in his third year of Hogwarts, hung around his neck as usual. "You okay?""Never better." He replied with a smile, but his eyes were hollow, having known much pain."Remus is waiting for you downstairs. I'm just getting something before we leave."Teddy nodded, looking at Tonks. Her hair was chestnut brown and she was dressed in dark clothing so to not stand out. Around her fourth finger with a simple, yet dashing, golden ring. "Alright. Thanks, Mum." He said, taking the stairs two at a time. The word sounded odd in his mouth, but he was happy to be saying it to Tonks, although it was hard to see her as a parental figure.Remus was standing in the kitchen, leaning of the same Prophet issue as Teddy had been moments ago. He looked up when he heard Teddy descending the stairs. "Got everything?""Yeah, Dad." He let his rucksack fall to the ground beside the staircase.Remus watched him. Teddy was now seventeen, meaning he was officially an adult in the wizarding world. It was scary to watch a child grow up in such a dangerous time in history, and Remus feared the day the two would be separated and would have to go their separate paths.Teddy had already gone through more than any boy his age should have, yet it was only the beginning.Teddy wasn't going back to school that year. Now that Dumbledore was gone, Hogwarts no longer felt like a safe place in Remus' eyes and he had refused to send Teddy back there for his seventh and final year. Of course, Teddy had fully supported the idea, he wanted to help the Order as much as he could.He did though have one reason to wish to visit Hogwarts again and that was his friends. All four boys' parents were sending them back for their final year. Teddy guessed some still believed Hogwarts to be a safe place even after the Headmaster's death.Arkie, however, had said that she wasn't sitting out of the fight and would be meeting them all at the rendezvous. "Got your wand?" Remus asked for the fifth time that night and Teddy nodded, pulling back his jumper to display his wand holster. "Keep it in hand, we're leaving once Tonks comes back downstairs."Teddy did so, taking it out of the holster and hiding it tightly in his palm. "How will we be getting to Privet Drive?""Apparition. We'll be meeting the rest of the Order there." Remus walked around the kitchen table towards his one and only son. "Are you sure you're ready for this, it's a lot we're asking of you-""Dad," Teddy pulled down Remus' hands which had been aiming to touch his cheeks gently. "I'll be fine. I'm sure everything's going to go as planned."Remus didn't look convinced, but the comment did help. "I'll send Mad-Eye a message then, telling him we're on our way." He pulled out his wand. "Expecto Patronum!" A misty grey wolf, which matched Tonk's Patronus, soared out of the cottage and into the night sky.There were footsteps on the staircase and Tonks pulled on her travelling cloak as she descended. As she reached the end of the stairs she tripped over Teddy's rucksack but was able to pick herself up. "Sorry." Teddy apologized, picking it up."Alright, is everyone ready?" Remus asked, brows furrowed."Ready." Both Teddy and Tonks said together.Crack!The cottage was empty, as it would be for a long time, and the lights blew out.

Chapter 1- The Nine Potters -Crack!Teddy stumbled backwards after he appeared on the road of Privet Drive. His forest green eyes looked at the muggle homes in wonder, they were some different compared to most houses he'd visited in the wizarding world, but then again there was an element of familiarity.Harry's house looked empty from the street, all the lights were out and the strange vehicle muggles called a car was gone.There was a loud distant crack as someone apparated beside him. "Teddy!""Hermione!" He wrapped her in a tight squeeze as soon as he was on his feet."It's so good to see you, Teddy. I'm so sorry.""About what?"Hermione pushed a strand of hair from her face. "About the stricter Werewolf legislations, it's simply not fair! I can't believe that Umbridge woman is still Head of the Magical Creatures Department." Teddy's scarred hand flicked at the sound of the devil-woman's name and his lips tightened."Well, it is what it is." Like a chain reaction several more people apparated around them.Five members of the Weasley family, including Mr Weasley, Ron, Fred, George and some older boy who was standing next to Fleur Delacour, whom Teddy didn't recognise, walking down the empty road towards them. Teddy ran over, happy to see the jolly band of red-heads. "Teddy, thank the stars!" Mr Weasley chuckled, patting Teddy on the back. "How have you been?""Oh, you know. As well as I can be."At that moment there was a loud roaring of an engine and Hagrid came flying down on his motorbike, screeching to a stop nearby. "'Ello, everyone!" He said, dismounting the bike.Teddy attempted to walk towards the half-giant but someone blocked his path. "Mad-Eye!" Teddy beamed at the sight of his old mentor."No time for catch ups!" He barked frustratedly. And although Teddy didn't see it, there was a flicker of pride and joy in his mismatched eyes at the sight of his youngest pupil. Hagrid ambled his way up to the door of the Dursley's estate and banged loudly on it with his gigantic fist. Teddy stood between Mad-Eye and his parents watching as the door opened at Harry popped his head out, smiling at the others."Hello, Harry!" Hagrid bellowed and Ron ran forward to hug his friend, Hermione was next. "You're looking fit!"Mad-Eye gave his usual, impatient growl and shoved past them all. "Yes he's absolutely gorgeous! Now, what say we get undercover before someone murders him?" Sarcasm dripped from his voice, which sounded just as mutilated at his face."Evening." Harry greeted politely.Teddy followed after Mad-Eye, the Weasleys and several other Aurors that had appeared, stopping a minute to also greet Harry before walking into the living room. It was bare, all proof that anyone had ever lived there was gone. "Kingsley, I thought you were looking after the Prime Minister?" Harry said to the deep voiced dark man."You are more important."Bill Weasley and Fleur then walked into the room. "Hello, Harry. Bill Weasley.""Oh. Pleasure to meet you." Harry also stared at the scars on Bill's face."He was never always this handsome." Fred said.George grinned from beside him. "Dead ugly."Bill rolled his eyes, obviously used to the twin's shenanigans. "True enough. Owe it all to a werewolf, name of Greyback. Hope to repay the favor one day.""You're still beautiful to me, William." Fleur cooed romantically.Finally, Remus and Tonks walking into the room, standing in the doorway. "Just remember, Fleur," Remus smirked. "Bill takes his steaks on the raw side now." Around them, Mr Weasley and Kingsley were looking out all the windows suspiciously while Mad-Eye checked the upstairs rooms. Teddy was reminded of the danger that could be waiting for them outside."My husband, the joker." Tonks laughed softly. "By the way, wait till you hear the news. Remus and I-"Someone ran through the short hallway and into the room, throwing herself at Teddy the moment she saw him. Teddy let out a joyful gasp as he put his hand on his girlfriend's silky chestnut hair, which she had finally cut so it hung just above her shoulders. "Arkie!""Sorry I'm late. I accidently apparated a few too many streets away." She said and giggled as Teddy lifted her off the ground by her waist and gave her a quick kiss.Remus looked at the two and felt Tonk's hand on his waist. They looked so happy and young. Remus could see the joy in his son's eyes and he wished him nothing more than that same joy."All right. We'll have time for a cozy catch-up later!" Mad-Eye grumbled, pushing past Remus and Tonks. "We've got to get the hell out of here. And soon." Teddy placed Arkie on the ground again, his good mood not yet spoiled.Mad-Eye stood near the front of the kitchen, both hands placed on his tall wooden scepter a heavy looking bag laid at his feet. "Potter, you're underage, which means you've still got the Trace on you."Harry looked thoroughly confused as his stood in the center of the room, everyone seemed to form a large semicircle around The Chosen one. "What's the Trace?"Teddy glanced over at his father who was peeking through the curtains of one of the small windows."If you sneeze, the Ministry will know who wipes your nose." Mad-Eye said. "We have to use those means of transport the Trace can't detect: Brooms, Thestrals and the like. We go in pairs. That way, if anyone's out there waiting for us, and I reckon there will be... they won't know which Harry Potter is the real one.""The real one?" Harry twiddled his wand round in his hands. Mad-Eye pulled something out of his thick leather cloak, a large flask containing what looked like mud. Teddy watched as realization lit up Harry's face as well as fear and disgust. "I believe you're familiar with this particular brew." Mad-Eye smirked."No. Absolutely not." Harry shook his head.Hermione grumbled sarcastically. "I told you he'd take it well.""No, if you think I'm gonna let everyone risk their lives for me, I-"Teddy laughed from beside Arkie. "Yeah, cause we've never done that before.""No. No. This is different." Harry continued persistently. "I mean, taking that, becoming me. No!""Well, none of us really fancy it, mate." George said."Yeah," Fred joined in. "Imagine if something went wrong, and we ended up a scrawny, specky git forever!"There was silence as Harry tried desperately to think of something to say next but Mad-Eye spoke first. "Everyone here is of age, Potter. They've all agreed to take the risk."Harry glanced at the others and when his eyes fell on Teddy the quarter-breed nodded. But suddenly, a short, bald man, about the height of Teddy's waist, pushing through the crowd. "Technically, I've been coerced. Mundungus Fletcher, Mr. Potter. Always been a huge admirer."Teddy had had met Mundungus once or twice before in his time at Grimmauld Place and knew that the man was just as trustworthy as he had hair. "Nip it, Mundungus." Moody snapped and the little man slapped his jaw shut. "All right, Granger, as discussed." Hermione didn't hesitate as she walked past Harry, plucking a hair from his scalp and putting it in Mad-Eye's Polyjuice potion.Harry rubbed the back of his head. "Blimey, Hermione."Mad-Eye had a gleeful smile on his face as he mixed the potion. All at once Fred, George, Teddy, Arkie, Mundungus, Fleur, Ron and Hermione all lined up together. The Auror limped over to him, his metal leg thumping on the floorboards. "For those of you who haven't taken Polyjuice Potion before, fair warning: It tastes like goblin piss."Fred raised his eyebrow, looking at the flask Mad-Eye had passed him in repugnance. "Have a lot of experiences with that, do you, Mad-Eye?" When Mad-Eye gave no reply he sighed. "Just trying to diffuse the tension." He took a swig of the mud-like substance and passed the flask to his brother.Teddy looked down at the flask once it was passed to him. "Bottoms up." He murmured glancing up at Moody and taking a sip. It was by far the worst taste he'd ever tasted in his entire life, and he had once eaten a dog poo flavoured jellybean. "Ugh."A few uncomfortable moments later, nine Harry Potter stood in the living room. "Wow, we're identical!" Fred and George said together."Not yet, you're not." Mad-Eye tossed the large sack towards them, inside were the same clothing all in Harry's size. Teddy quickly untied his jumper from his waist, took of his shirt and put on Harry's clothing. He blinked as he put on the full moon glasses. "Don't forget your charm, Teddy." Arkie said, pointing the wolf necklace still hung around his neck."Oh, right. Thanks." It was weird to hear Arkie's voice coming from Harry's body but Teddy focused back on getting changed."Haven't got anything a bit more sporting, have you, Harry?" Fred-Harry said. "I don't really fancy this color."Mad-Eye rolled his normal eye. "Well, fancy this, you're not you. So shut it and strip.""All right, all right." Mundungus-Harry grumbled, looking both irritated and frightened.Fleur-Harry let out a shaky breath as she undid her bra and passed it to her boyfriend. "Bill, look away. I'm hideous.""I knew Ginny was lying about that tattoo." Ron-Harry chuckled beside Teddy. Teddy stared around at the other Harry's, it was difficult to remember who was who. it was also confusing how different everything seemed from Harry's point of view. Teddy was smaller making everything and everyone in the room look taller than it had before and his glasses kept slipping off his nose."Harry, your eyesight really is awful." Hermione-Harry pushed her glasses back up her nose."Right, then. We'll be pairing off. Each Potter will have a protector." Mad-Eye instructed and begun to list off names. "George you'll be with Remus, Fred'll go with Arthur, Ron you go with Tonks, Hermione and Arkie you're with Kingsley, Fleur with Bill and Teddy you'll be flying with me- you too Mundungus, stick tight to me. I wanna keep an eye on you."Teddy was completely okay with the idea of flying with Mundungus but kept his mouth shut anyways, kissing Arkie-Harry on the head."As for Harry.""Yes?" All nine Potters responded to Mad-Eye at once."The real Harry. Where the devil are you, anyway?""Here!""You'll ride with Hagrid."Teddy got onto one knee to tie his shoelaces up and listened to Hagrid and the real Harry talking. "I brought you here 16 years ago when you were no bigger than a Bowtruckle. Seems only right that I should be the one to take you away now."Teddy grinned but Mad-Eye grumbled as usual. "Yes, it's all very touching. Let's go."They all filed outside and Teddy shivered in the night air. "Teddy?" Remus called out to the sea of Potters."Right here, Dad." Teddy said from right next to him.Remus crouched down to his new height. "Be careful, alright?""Always am, Dad." He responded."Teddy!" Mad-Eye grunted and he quickly ran over. Mad-Eye watched as Teddy-Harry stared up at him, as if expecting him to say something to him before they mounted their transportation. "Head in the game, boy." He said simply with a quick nod.Teddy smiled as if he'd said something far more memorable. Mad-Eye watched as the young adult walked towards a grand, sleek black Thestral which gave a whale like moan spreading its wings slightly. Teddy stroked its long boney neck gently, glancing at Arkie-Harry who was mounting a broom in front of him. Beside her was Kingsley and just in front of him was Remus, also mounting a Cleansweep broom.Mad-Eye stood by his heavy looking broom that floated quietly at his side. "Head for the Burrows! We'll rendezvous there. " Mad-Eye called out, standing in front of the long road that would act as their runway. "On the count of three!"Teddy quickly mounted his stead and held onto the Thestrals long neck as securely as he could.

Chapter 2- Weightless -"One... Two... Three!"There was a mixture of sounds. The whooshing of brooms, the clip-clopping of Thestral hooves and leather wings extending. Teddy blinked through the cold wind whipping past his face, making his scruffy hair blow frantically over his eyes. He glasses threatened to fall off again and it took him a few seconds to get used to the movements of his Thestral.In front of him he could see all eight other Harry Potters accompanied by their protectors. They were all flying upwards towards a large bloom of grey clouds, perfect for moving unnoticed.Teddy looked beside him and saw Mad-Eye holding onto his broom tightly, watching his with his one blue eye, whatever little wisps of his hair were left blew left and right like grass on a windy day. The grey clouds, that reminded Teddy of smoke, grew closer and closer and darker and darker.Mad-Eye flew forward, joining the others. Teddy gave his Thestral's sides as soft squeeze and the winged creature soared towards the front of the pack. Teddy flew beside his father, keeping Mad-Eye in view. He glanced at Remus who looked back, then Teddy realized his father probably wouldn't know it was him.Forcing his gaze forward he got his head back in the game. The grey clouds were upon them and Teddy squinted his eyes, which were tearing up due to the cold wing blowing into them.There was a loud yell and all at once his half-blurred vision was filled with colourful lights, mostly green. His hand flew to his wand tucked in his pocket and pointed it forward, blinking his eyes and giving him a good view of the terrifying scene before him. Hundreds upon thousands of Death Eaters were soaring down from above on brooms, throwing spells left and right, not caring if it hit their companions.Teddy bent his back as his Thestral dived down, wings tucking slightly at its sides. "Stay with me, boy!" Mad-Eye flew past him on his broom and Teddy flew after him, struggling to stay on the creature's back.A green spell was fired in his direction and the realization that he looked exactly like the Death Eater's target hit him like boulders. Mad-Eye was moving a rapid speeds and Teddy was barely able to keep up. "Damn, Mundungus! THE BLOODY COWARD!"Teddy looked around and saw the Mundungus-Harry had disappeared into thin air."Look out!" Teddy threw spell after spell, not taking the time to aim. One of his spells hit a Death Eater, causing him to fall, stunned, to the earth below. Teddy's heart thumped when he saw how high up they were."This way!" Mad-Eye ordered and the two flew upwards, trying to hide in the clouds. Death Eaters were zooming after them, then one of them was beside Teddy reaching out for him with a dirty nailed hand. "Reducto!" The wizard fell off his broom disappearing in the clouds. "Confundus!" A witch blocked his spell and continued chasing him, two masked wizards at her side.Teddy opened his mouth to cast another enchantment but his Thestral followed Mad-Eye into a sharp turn. Mad-Eye was still at Teddy's, white whips of light were flying from his wand, taking out hundreds of Death Eaters at once. Suddenly, something grabbed Teddy's arm. He pointed his wand right between the witch's eyes. "Stupefy!"She let out a croaky scream. Teddy looked at Mad-Eye tersly. But before he could read the expression on the Auror's face, a horrifying green spell struck him and the large man plummeted to the ground. "No!"He tugged at the Thestral's neck, trying to make it fly down to chase after the falling body, but the Thestral resisted his command flying in the opposite direction. "No! Go back! We have to get him!" He yelled. The Thestral turned its head so its completely white eye was staring back at him, reflecting Harry's face, with Teddy's terrified expression.Bam!"Guh!" Something sliced into Teddy's forehead, running down his cheek. The Death Eater soared over him, his face covered with a metal mask. He blinked, something was dripping in his eye and down his neck. His head felt numb and a dizzy sensation crept over him. He slumped forward on the Thestral's back, feeling his wand slipping from his loosening grip. "Expel... expellia..." His lips refused to form words.The Death Eater was raising their wand. But at the last moment a fake-Harry flew past on his broomstick, only the Harry's Polyjuice potion was beginning to wear off. The Harry's hair changed colour and grew down to his shoulders, his face softened, his eyelashes lengthened and his green eyes flashed back to a beautiful blue.The fake Harry, now fully transformed back into Arkie, pointed her wand and out came a colossal, bright creature. The creature roared running across the air and barreling into the Death Eater. Teddy's half closed eyes watched the animal in wonder. It was a large female grizzly bear. But that made no sense, Arkie's Patronus had been a sparrow the last time he'd seen it...The Thestral flew away from the battle, sensing its rider's dizzy and weak state. It flew around a large storm of Death Eaters that had appeared in front of them sharply.Teddy closed his eyes, it was too sickening to look at everything around him. His ears blocked, the way they would if he was on a plane and he couldn't feel nor see anything. It was as if someone had flicked the off switch on the world.His thoughts began to wander and for a second he could barely remember what it was he had been doing. Some of his senses came back to him, the fight raged on in the distance. But he felt light, weightless, like he was flying through the air, soaring away from the battle. His heart rose to his throat. Suddenly, there was a shrill cry in the distance and he snapped out of his senseless trance.He wasn't flying at all... he was falling!Teddy had fallen before, but nothing higher than a few feet off the ground. He'd expected the experience to be terrifying. He expected to see his life flash before his eyes, his heart rising to his throat blocking off his screams. But it wasn't like that at all.He didn't scream, nor did his heart bang like a drum. He still felt just as weightless as before, but it was almost soothing. His mind went completely blank and he didn't even think about casting a spell with the wand in his hand, possibly due to his mild concussion cause by whatever curse was flung in his direction."Oof!" He landed on something, but it wasn't the ground. Whatever he had fallen on was alive and moving. He blinked, forcing himself to snap out of his confused trance once more. His green eyes stared at the broad, leathery-skinned back of the Thestral. All the wind had been pushed from his stomach and he gasped to fill his lungs again and struggled to pull himself into sitting position.The two didn't return to the battle, instead the flew off in the direction of the Burrow.

Chapter 3- Injured Soldier Boy -Remus apparated in front of the Burrow, beside him stood George. Both looked shaken but uninjured. Remus let out a series of long slow pants, walking towards Mrs Weasley, Ginny, Harry and Hagrid, who were all standing outside the new Burrow that had been built after the previous one was burnt."Oh, thank the lord!" Mrs Weasley trotted over to them, hugging George. "Remus, what happened? Hagrid said there was an ambush! Everyone should've been back by now."Remus didn't get a chance to respond when there was a loud crack behind him, he spun around instantly holding out his wand. Kingsley did the same, behind him was Hermione and Arkie."The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us?" Kingsley murmured, his posture tense.Remus panted as he spoke. "Harry... is the best hope we have... Trust him." Kingsley lowered his wand and Arkie stepped forward but Remus blocked her path. Arkie held up both hands defensively. "How do we know it's you?""I ugh..." She thought desperately. "My Patronus is a bear, like Teddy's. I can prove it if you'll let me." She slowly took out her wand and flicked it gently. "Expecto Patronum." Remus lowered his arm when he saw the misty creature form in front of him, he stared at Arkie, knowing only too well what it meant to have the same Patronus as another. "Where's Teddy?" He asked.Arkie paused for a moment. "He's not here?" A cold sweat broke out on her forehead.Crack!Tonks trudged towards him, jumping into his arms. Remus looked both flustered and overjoyed to see her safe and healthy. A few steps behind her was Ron. Hermione dashed forward and the too embraced. "Thanks." He said with a blush."Deserves that." Tonks wrapped her arms around Remus' neck lovingly. "Brilliant, he was. I wouldn't be standing here without him."Hermione raised her eyebrows. "Really?""Always the tone of surprise." Ron chuckled. A Thestral cooed from behind them and Bill and Fleur dismounted their stead solemnly. Next Mr Weasley and Fred apparated in front of the Burrow."We the last ones back?" Mr Weasley asked with a bright grin which vanished once he saw the others faces. "Who's missing?""Mad-Eye, Teddy and Mundungus." Kingsley said, staring out into the starry sky ever five seconds. Remus was doing the same only his eyes next left the sky. Where was his son? What had happened? How had the Death Eater known that Harry would be moved tonight?The shrill cry of a Thestral broke the silence and Remus let out a long held breath as the creature landed a few feet away from them. Sitting on top of its long, boney back was Teddy. Remus could barely see him through the darkness but he recognised the colour of their matching hair. But the father's second of relief ended shortly after it begun as Teddy fell to the ground in a heap."Teddy!" Arkie screamed, dashing through the mud and crouching at his side.Remus wasn't far behind her with Mr Weasley in toe. "Get him into the house! Quick!" The two adults picked up the half-conscious boy and dragging him towards the Burrow. "Molly!" Mr Weasley called out and watched as his wife dashed into the house, preparing the couch for Teddy."Oh good lord!" She gasped. Teddy stared around the room in a daze. On his way to the couch he caught a glimpse of himself in a nearby mirror. If he had, had more energy he would've gasped in fright and shock. A deep gash snaked from the top left of his temple all the way down to his jawline, blooding stained his the left side of his face, neck and shirt.Remus was the first to crouch down beside his only child, stroking the uninjured side of his head comfortingly. "Teddy, I'm so sorry." He whispered."It's not your fault, Remus." Tonks said, trying to put a hand on her husband's shoulder but he shrugged it off. Arkie sat as close to Teddy as she could, both hands covering her mouth."I saw him get hit but... I didn't realize. I can't believe Snape... how could he do this?" Arkie tried wiping away her tears and Teddy reached weakly for her hand, trying his best to comfort her. But that only made her feel worse. Remus but his hand on the weeping girl's back. No one made a sound nor moved an inch. Only Mrs Weasley moved as she did the best in her power to heal Teddy's wounds with her wand.It did barely anything. Teddy recognised the Sectumsempra curse when he'd seen himself in the mirror. He glanced up at his father, forcing a smile to his lips. "Guess I should've been more careful, huh?" Remus didn't laugh, despite his attempts to give his son the satisfaction of a grin. Instead something dark flashed in his eyes, a type of anger Teddy hated to see.At the exact moment Remus jumped to his feet, storming over to Harry and pushing him against the wall. Mrs Weasley's spell seemed to be taking some affect as Teddy's dizziness had almost completely vanished. "Dad?" He said but was barely heard over the commotion.Remus was brandishing his wand in front of Harry's face threateningly. "LUPIN!" Hagrid gasped in shock."What are you doing?" Ginny yelled."Shush!" He quickly silenced them all. After a few noiseless seconds he spoke again. "What creature sat in the corner the first time Harry Potter visited my office in Hogwarts?""Are you mad?" Harry burst out but Remus shouted back even louder."WHAT CREATURE?!""A um... ugh, Grindylow!"Remus' wand hand fell down by his side and he let go of Harry. "We've been betrayed. Voldemort knew you were being moved tonight. I had to make sure you weren't an impostor." Harry nodded in reply."Where's Mad-Eye and Mundungus though?" Mr Weasley peered out from behind one of the curtains.Teddy grunted as he attempted to push himself upright on the couch, his head gave a slight pang. Arkie helped him up the rest of the way and Remus stood beside the couch, watching him protectively. "Mad-Eye's gone..." Teddy could literally feel his heart snapping in two as he spoke the words. His mentor and friend was gone.Tonks let out a soft cry. Teddy understood her pain, she had been Mad-Eye's apprentice after all. "Mundungus took one look at the Death Eaters and disapparated. But how did they know it was you, Harry?""Hedwig, she was trying to protect me."Silence fell across the room, there was nothing to be said. Mad-Eye's body was gone and Teddy wiped his top lip which was covered in drying blood.

Chapter 4- Dumbledore's Will -Arkie sat the kitchen table facing the window showing everyone preparing for Bill and Fleur's wedding that night. Her thumb rubbed harshly over her knuckles and she sat in isolation. Suddenly, there were footsteps coming down the stairs and she turned around to see Teddy rolling up the sleeves of his collared shirt as he descended.He looked up when he noticed her from the corner of his eye. Arkie smiled gently back. Mrs Weasley's healing sessions every night for past week had truly paid off. Teddy's wound had completely healed over, the only evidence it was ever there was a light scar neat the top of his temple and another at the bottom of his jaw. He was still as handsome as before and if anything the scars made him look older, but she couldn't shake the feeling it was her fault it was there in the first place.If she had realized how hurt Teddy had been she would've been there to catch him, possibly heal the mark before it became permanent. "Hey." He smiled, doing up the last of his buttons. The casual tone of his voice was annoying, yet she knew it was to cover up his feelings of pain and loss."Hey." She simply replied, looking lovely in her floral patterned dress.Teddy walked towards the door, ruffling his hair as he did. "I'm just about to go help the others set up. Your parents are coming to the wedding, right?""Yeah, they'll be apparating here tonight."Teddy stopped with his hand on the doorknob. "You okay?""Huh? Oh, yes I'm fine." She lied flicking her hand carelessly. "You go help, I'll be out in a bit. Just need to... wash up." Her chestnut hair bounced lively as she glided to the stairs, climbing up them in search of the bathroom. Teddy watched her leave before opening the door.He quickly joined the others who were standing around a large white tarp. "All together now." Mr Weasley instructed. "One, two, three." They all raised their wands slowly and with it the tent began to rise, setting itself up. "How's it looking at your end, boys?""Brilliant!" George replied from behind the rising tarp.Teddy looked to his left watching his mum and dad standing together, talking in a hushed whisper. Ever since the attack a two weeks ago, Remus had not let Teddy out of his sight for longer than a few minutes."Bloody hell." Fred groaned, staring at a tall man dressed in smart clothing that had appeared out of no where and was strutting towards the house. "What's the Minister of Magic doing here?"Teddy curiously followed after the man but no one else seemed keen on following. "Mr Lupin." The Minister said with a nod looking at the tall, scarred boy. Teddy could sense a little apprehension around the Minister. Teddy had the same gut feeling, he had no yet forgotten the new Werewolf legislations. "I have something for you, Mr Potter, Mr Weasley and Miss Granger.""Come in then." Teddy pushed open the door unfriendly and they both filed inside."To what do we owe the pleasure, Minister?" Harry appeared at the end of the room, along with Ron and Hermione.The Minister gave a knowing stare. "I think we both know the answer to that question, Mr. Potter."Soon all four of them were sitting on the sofa, facing the Minister who began to open his briefcase and pull out a small cloth parcel. "And this is...?" Harry said. The Minister pulled out a long roll of parchment the hovered and unrolled itself effortlessly. The Minister cleared his throat before reading aloud."Herein is set forth the last will and testament of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore." The Minister leaned forward, unwrapping the parcel gently. "First, to Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leave my Deluminator, a device of my own making, in the hope that when things seem most dark it will show him the light."He held up a strange cylinder-shaped device no longer than his palm. "Dumbledore left this for me?" Ron took it. "Brilliant... What is it?" The Minister shook his head and shrugged at the same time, as if to say 'no clue'. Ron flicked open the cap at the top and suddenly all the electric lights in the room flew into the Deluminator.The lightbulbs were still attached, but the light itself was gone. Ron opened it again and the lights shot back to their original sources. "Wicked.""To Hermione Jean Granger," The Minister turned his head to read the floating will once more. "I leave my copy of 'The Tales of Beedle the Bard' in the hope that she finds it entertaining and instructive." Hermione took the book quietly and Ron grinned."Oh, Mum used to read me those. The Wizard and the Hopping Pot. Babbitty Rabbitty and the Cackling Stump." Teddy, Harry and Hermione stared at Ron cluelessly. "Oh, come on. Babbitty Rabbitty. No?""To Tesdon Teddy Lupin." Teddy looked up, wondering what on earth Dumbledore would have wanted him to have. "I leave this jewelry box, a possession of one of my students long ago, in hope he is encouraged to seek the best in himself."Teddy took the small encrusted jewelry box. It was small and silver with what looked like tiny black pearls embedded in the shape of a large 'C.H.' on the lid. His fingers slid across the smooth pearls before unhinging the hook-like lock. Inside was a number of numerous little knick-knacks. There was a small brown quill, an old handmade half-breed rights poster, an empty Cauldron Cake wrapper, a gold ring with a beautiful white moonstone in it, a half finished letter addressed to an unknown source and a small moving picture of a young Hogwarts boy sitting alone in a library.Teddy stared at the random objects in confusion. Why did Dumbledore want him to have this? He had to have some sort of connection with the objects inside, but he couldn't figure out what it was.The Minister saw the little knick-knacks and raised an eyebrow. He'd been expecting something different, more significant. "To Harry James Potter I leave the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts as a reminder of the rewards of perseverance and skill." He held forward the golden orb to Harry who took it silently."Is that it, then?" He said impatiently, eager for the Minister to leave."Not quite." The Minister replied. "Dumbledore left you a second bequest: The sword of Godric Gryffindor." Harry glanced at the others. "Unfortunately, the sword of Gryffindor was not Dumbledore's to give away. As an important historical artifact, it belongs-""To Harry." Teddy interrupted, staring at the Minister coldly. "It belongs to Harry. It came to him when he needed it in the Chamber of Secrets.""The sword may present itself to any worthy Gryffindor, Mr Lupin. That does not make it that wizard's property. And, in any event, the current whereabouts of the sword are unknown."Harry sat forward. "Excuse me?""The sword is missing." There was a long silence before the Minister stared straight at Harry, ignoring the others. "I don't know what you're up to, Mr. Potter but you can't fight this war on your own. He's too strong."As the Minister got up to leave Teddy stared down at the jewelry box, rubbing his thumb against the pearls. Who was C.H.?

Chapter 5- Three Cheers To The Happy Couple -Teddy felt Arkie's hand rest in his own as they walked towards the giant white and lavender tent that was currently being used for the afterparty. Through the quiet air he could hear the soft hum of music playing which mixed into the soft whistling of the night wind. Teddy was excited to hear the cheering and laughing of happy friends and family, it was a sound he knew he wouldn't hear for a long time after that night."So do you know who the box belongs to?" Arkie asked as they walked."No, I haven't quite looked at it yet. And I don't know any C.H. But I must know them somehow, or have something in common with them."They finally reached the tent, but before they could enter and join in the celebration, Arkie tugged on his sleeve, coming to a sudden stop at his side and staring down at her heels. Teddy had known something was on Arkie's mind for a while, but he'd wanted to give her the chance to talk about it when she was ready. "I'm sorry, Teddy.""For what?" He asked, turning around so he was facing her, his back to the party.She fiddled with her reddish-brown hair that hung just above her shoulders, a few strands at the front had been braided then tied together neatly at the back. "I can't believe you got hurt and... and I just sailed on by...""Hey," he bent down, wiping a tear from her cheek. "You didn't just sail on by. I know that if you'd known I was hurt you would've helped, everything was out of control and we weren't prepared. But I don't blame you for anything, Arkie. I mean it."She looked up at him, her star gold eyes meeting his forest green eyes. Her brushed another tear away gently. "Let's just be grateful we're here. Come on." He held out his hand and without hesitation she took it.Remus was circling around the tent for the tenth time. Members of the Order had been placed on each side of the tent acting as security. Remus' wand rested in his jacket pocket as he begun to make another round, nothing was going to get past him. His son had almost been killed, and he hadn't been there to protect him.He could have made him sit out the mission, he could have made Teddy wait for him at the Burrow, he could have stopped him from going on the mission... but he would've gone anyway.Teddy would never have walked away from protecting his friend and helping the Order. Another admirable trait he got from his mother.He suddenly heard his son's family laugh as he and his girlfriend walked towards the tent, holding hands. Arkie was a good person and he had enjoyed getting to know her over the years, but it was always scary to watch his child grow up and begin his own life. He had only know him for a short time, at least it felt like a short time. Time passed so quickly, he'd give anything to relive some of those precious moments with Teddy.Like their first Christmas together, the first time they celebrated each others birthdays, the time they went to the Quidditch World Cup, even their first lesson together. He watched as the two disappeared inside the tent and into the crowd of celebrating friends and family of the husband and bride. One more round around the tent and he'd also head inside.Teddy and Arkie giggled as they slid through the crowd. Tonight felt like their last chance to be kids, to feel young and free before the morning came. Finally, they made it to the edge of the crowd circling around the dancefloor. In the center, Bill and Fleur was waltzing joyfully up and down, staring into each others. Someone had cast a beautiful charm, summoning white butterflies to flying around the newly wedded couple as they danced.Everyone was clapping to the beat and Teddy and Arkie quickly joined in, cheering as Bill lifted his wife in the air and kissed her passionately. Suddenly, Teddy caught sight of Harry walking past the edge of the crowd. "I'll be back in a minute." He yelled into Arkie's ear over the Irish themed music."Okay." She yelled back.Teddy pushed his way through the crowd. "Excuse me, excuse me. Sorry. Harry!" He finally reached his friend who turned around and grinned happily. But his eyes looked distracted. "Oh, hey, Teddy.""I wanted to give you this." He passed him something from inside his jacket.Harry stared at it. "The Marauders Map? But this belonged to your father, Teddy.""It belonged to yours too." He pushed the map further into Harry's grip, refusing to take it back."But... you've always hung on to this. Why give it to me?""It belonged to both of our father's, so I think it should belong to both of us. Besides, I have a feeling you might need it, call it a gut feeling."Harry tucked the parchment into his pocket. "Thanks, Teddy.""Don't lose it." He patted him on the shoulder. "Will I see you and Ginny on the dancefloor?""Unlikely." Harry shook his head.Teddy shrugged and smiled. "Well, if you need a dance partner I'm always free. See ya 'round." He gave a quick wave, then slid through the crowd again.By then Remus had entered the tent and was looking for Tonks in the crowd she was standing alone in the corner, watching the happy couple dancing with a smile on her young face. But Remus got the strange sensation that something was on her mind. Her eyes were blank like she was deep in thought. He walked up to her, but before he could talk to her Mrs Weasley came up and begun to strike a conversation with them."So glad you two came!""Of course, Molly." Tonk said. "We wouldn't miss it for the world.""I only wish I could've been there for your wedding. And how is Teddy? You two getting along, Tonks? Does he consider you family yet?" She asked nosily causing Tonks to blush."Good, I think. I mean he's called me Mum once or twice, but I don't know... I can't and don't want to try to replace his birth mother.""Oh of course, of course not." Mrs Weasley waved her hand carelessly, turning to look at the dancefloor again. Others had begun to join in to the dance, among them was Teddy and Arkie. "Those two do make a cute couple. Wonderful girl, Arkie. And Teddy's the spitting image of his father.""But's got his mother's bravery." Remus included with a short smile.Mrs Weasley laughed. "Ooh, looks like they're serving the drinks! I'd better go help." She trotted off, leaving Remus and Tonks to watch Teddy and Arkie spinning around together, staring into each others eyes."What's wrong, Tonks?" He asked when he noticed the glazed expression in her eyes."Huh? Nothing. It's- I don't think it's the right place and time...""Tonks?" He said standing in front of her so she would have to met his worried eyes. Tonks sighed, then smiled. "Remus, I'm pregnant."Teddy gasped as Arkie accidentally missed her step, tripped and fell. Luckily he was quickly able to catch her before she hit the ground. Arkie looked up at him with big shocked eyes, then laughed full heartedly. Teddy joined in with her laughter, bending his back to kiss her as she rested in his arms. At that moment the music ended and the crowd cheered. Teddy raised Arkie to her feet again and the two walked off the dancefloor as the next song began.Arkie spun releasing a satisfied noise, her dressed flowed beautifully around her legs."Hello you two." Came a familiar voice."Dad!" Arkie ran to her father, hugging him tightly. Mrs Edwards smiled at her daughter before turning to Teddy. She too was dressed beautifully in a divine ankle length dress. "You two looked beautiful together.""Nice catch!" Mr Edwards chuckled and Arkie hit him playfully on the shoulder. "Reflexes like a true dueler, congrats on your game last year.""Thank you, Mr Edwards.""Please, my boy, call me Colin." Teddy simply nodded, so Mr Edwards continued. "By the way, you must accept my sincerest apologies for the new anti-Werewolf laws. I tried my best to convince them not to pass them but Umbridge... I'm still working my hardest to put an end to the legislation.""Thank you, Colin. My dad and I really do appreciate that."Teddy pretended to listen as Mrs Edwards began to rant on about something to do with all the stores in Diagon Alley closing, while Mr Edwards kept on throwing in smart comments about how he was glad she was spending less of his well-earned money. As he pretending to be listening, by occasionally nodding his head and making small 'uh-huh' noises every now and then, he glanced off to the side where his father was standing guard by the entrance.Teddy could determine from what little he could see of Remus' face that something was on his mind. Lines had set in his forehead and his eyes were vacant, his mouth was grim and twisted into a miserable frown. But before Teddy could excuse himself from the conversation, which had changed into a history lesson on the making of floating lanterns, which were hovering above their heads, something appeared above the horizon.A small ball of white light flew towards the tent, landing in the center of the crowd. A few girls screamed and shocked gasps came from the boys. Teddy pushed his way through the crowd towards the ball of light. It was a Patronus, a non-corporal one. From the Patronus came Kingsley's deep voice."The Ministry has fallen. The Minister of Magic is dead. They are coming. They are coming. They are coming."The Patronus vanished into thin air and screams sounded around the tent. Teddy grunted as he was pushed around in the mass of people, some of which had begun to apparate away. Suddenly a huge dark cloud of smoke tore through the tent roof and transformed into a bald Death Eater covered in tattoos. The balf Death Eater shot a man onto his back and hissed at the crowd."Expelliarmus!" Teddy yelled at the Death Eater's wand flicked from his hand and powerful spell from an Order member sent him flipping backwards. But the Death Eater wasn't alone. More and more clouds of smoke flew into the tent formed witches and wizards all firing at the the terrified guests. Teddy tried getting through the crowd, his eyes looking around in panic."Dad! Arkie! Tonks!" He shouted but his voice was drowned out by the ear-shattering screams. He spotted Harry, Hermione and Ron gathering together waving for him to come over. He pushed through the crowd towards them. "Teddy, we have to go!""I need to find, Dad!""He's over there," Hermione pointed. "But, Teddy, he wants us to leave."Teddy shook his head. "I'm not leaving him! I'll meet up with you, at the safe house!" With that he turned away, running into the crowd and here a large crack as the three disapparated behind him. He was finally able to find his dad, battling alongside Tonks against a dark haired wizard. Teddy recognised his face from the wanted posters, Antonin Dolohov."Flippendo!" Dolohov was sent tumbling backwards and Remus turned around in shock."Teddy! What are you still doing here?""Helping you!" He was once again pushed to the side by a rather large witch, whose once neat hair was matted down her back."You need to leave!""But-""Just go!" Remus had grabbed hold of his son's jacket and pushed him away. Teddy looked around, spotting Arkie in the corner, her eyes searching the crowd frantically. "Arkie!" He shoved witches and wizards out of the way, firing a random spell every now and then, until he finally reached her. "Take my hand!""Where are they?" She wailed. "My parents, they were here one second and now-""Arkie, come on!""Teddy, I have to... I have to-"She never got to finish her sentence as Teddy grabbed her hand firmly and disapparated the two of them.

Chapter 6- Safe House -"Quick! Inside!" Teddy hissed in a hushed whisper as he pushed Arkie through the doorway of number 12 Grimmauld Place. He looked up and down the dark, lamp lit street. Once he was sure there was no one about he followed in after Arkie, whose faces was wet with salty tears. He closed the door with a soft, creaky thump.Suddenly, Arkie yelled. Teddy followed her eyesight and gasped in shock as Dumbledore's ghostly figure came flying towards them from the other end of the thin hallway, his hand extended threateningly. Teddy instantly wrapped himself around Arkie like a shield, but the ghost-Dumbledore burst into dust less than half an inch before it reached them.Arkie's body shook in his arms. "It's okay. It's just a security measure, probably Mad-Eye's idea." Just the mention of the Aurors name sent shivers down his spine, but he had more important things to think about than the loss of a friend and former teacher. "Come on." He led her down the hall, listening to her shaky breaths.He sat her down at the kitchen table, but just as he turned towards the kitchen, she shot up out of her seat as if she'd just had an electrical shock. "I have to go back!" She shouted, running to the hallway, but Teddy grabbed her before she could reach it. "Let go of me, Teddy! My parents, they're still there!""So are mine, Arkie. But they'd want you safe!""They need our help!" She fought against his grip, slamming her fists into his chest continuously, though it had no effect on him. Teddy let her hit him, it didn't hurt and he didn't know what else to do."There were plenty of Order members at the wedding, I'm sure they're all fine." He said, expertly hiding his inner distress. Arkie's hits slowed as she grew tired, finally she leant against him, bury her tear stained face into his chest."I saw them. Mum was shot back, she fell backwards. Dad went to help her. Next minute they were both gone." He placed both arms around her, one of the back of her head and the other in the center of her back. He rubbed her back with his thumb, trying to relax not only his weeping girlfriend but himself too. "They'll be fine, I promise... They have to be."Eventually, he was able to get Arkie to sit down while he made them both steaming cups of tea. Teddy took a sip of the boiling flavoured water which burnt his throat, yet he barely noticed. He was waiting for something, a sign, a message from someone saying that everything was okay. But no such message came for hours.By the time the bright Patronus shot through the doorway and into the kitchen, their teas were ice cold. Teddy watched the Patronus and his gut wrenched when he realized it wasn't his father's. Remus' Patronus was a wolf, exactly like Tonk's whose had changed form from a hare to a wolf shortly before the two had started dating.Teddy's mind flicked to when Arkie had used her own Patronus to surprise a Death Eater. Only her Patronus too had changed from a sparrow, to a grizzly bear.But he had no time to dawdle on the thought though as the Patronus, Mr Weasley's Weasel, began to talk. "Everyone's safe. Gone into hiding. Do not reply." Then it disappeared. Arkie let out a sigh mixed with a whimper and Teddy stretched over the table to put his hand on hers."So what are we supposed to do?" She finally said. "Just sit and wait here?""I told Harry and the others to meet at the safe house. I hope they understood I meant here." He stared down at his own palms. "But, yes. We wait." After another hour or two of sitting silently in the kitchen, Teddy coughed. "You should probably get some sleep. I'll keep watch."Arkie didn't have to be told twice as she excused herself from the room and mounted the stairs quickly. Teddy could've sworn he heard a small sob escape her lips before a bedroom door cut off all noise. He'd finally had enough of staring at the same spot on the kitchen wall and walking up the creaking, molding stairs towards the next floor.He made sure he was quiet when he passed Arkie's room and continued down the hall. As he walked his hand brushed past one of his dress robe pockets. Something was inside it, he quickly pulled it out and stared at the jewelry box. He remembered putting it in his pocket before they left for the after party. The letters C.H. stared back at him and he kept getting the feeling he should know whose initials those were. He opened the box again and stared at its contents.He picked up the small picture of the boy, which no longer than his pinky finger. His eyes studied the boy intensely. He was a Gryffindor, Teddy could tell by the symbol on his Hogwarts robes. He was very good looking, a little shaggy though, yet familiar. Where had he seen that face before?The boy was leaning over a large scroll, quill in hand. Deep lines of thought forming above his brow as he pondered over his incomplete essay. Was he C.H.?He picked up the unfinished letter lying at the bottom of the box, but before he could read it properly he heard noises from downstairs. A muffled scream. He pulled out his wand and crept towards the staircase, staring down from over the railing at the hall below. Harry, Hermione and Ron were all standing together. By the looks on their faces they too had met Mad-Eye's security system.Teddy ran down the staircase loudly, his wand pointed at them. Arkie appeared at the top of the staircase, having heard the commotion below. "Guys?" She said."Stay there, Arkie!" Teddy called out and Arkie stopped mid-step. "Tell me something only the real of you would know." He demanded.Harry searched his thoughts. "I was there when Fred and George gave us the Marauders Map."Convinced, Teddy pointed his wand at Ron and Hermione. Hermione stepped forward slowly. "I got you that wolf necklace for Christmas in our third year.""Um..." Ron thought slowly. "Remember the time you stayed over at our house, when you were still at the orphanage? Fred and George played prank out you and dyed your hair bright pink."Teddy lowered his wand with a smile. "That stuff took forever to wash out. Your mum was so mad at them." Arkie, sensing everything was now okay, descended the stairs quickly."We were so worried." She sighed."So were we." Hermione said as they all squeezed down the hall towards the kitchen."Ron," Teddy put his hand on the red head's shoulder. "Your family is alright, your dad sent us a message earlier.""Thank God. What happened after we left the wedding?" Ron asked.Teddy shook his head, walking towards the kitchen hastily to make another round of tea. "Dad told us to run, I grabbed Arkie and apparated here." He glanced up at the chestnut girl. "We don't know what happened to Arkie's parents. We lost them in the crowd."They all sat quietly for a few minutes, sipping their teas before one by one retreating to the bedrooms upstairs. Teddy ambled into the room had shared with his father the year before. The room had barely been touched since they'd left. Remus' bed was immaculate and neat while Teddy's sheets were clumped in a pile on one side of the matress.He laid down on his father's bed, closing his eyes and falling into a deep sleep.

Chapter 7- ? -Teddy woke up only a few hours after he'd fallen asleep. His dreams had been haunted by visions of his father lying deathly still on the ground, a wolf howling in the distance and suddenly the letters C.H. glowing in the sky like fire.He could hear whispers, past conversations he had, had. He recognised Mrs Edward's voice. "You have any family other than your father..." "What's her name..." "Wonder if she's related to Mr and Mrs Helson..." "She died... cancer..."After that Teddy had woken with a jolt, eyes blinking up at the ceiling. His hand rested on the jewelry box on his bedside table and opened it once more. He stared at photo of the young boy. Could it be? Now that he thought about it the boy's face was familiar and he looked a lot like him. "Dad." He exhaled, closing the lid to stare at the black pearl intials.C.H.Carla Helson."Mum." He ran his fingers across the smooth pearls. Suddenly he remembered the unread letter inside. He pulled it out carefully and read the particularly messy handwriting.Dear Moony,It's been less than a month since we broke up.I know it's probably for the best.My parents are thrilled of course... at least they were.Remus, something wonderful has happenedand I don't know what to do.Dad refuses to help, and you know my mother won't help unless Dad gives her permission.But I can't do this on my own.I need you more than ever.I know you're busy but...But, Remus, I'm pregnant with our baby.There was scratched out writing beneath the last sentence, as if she had planned to continue but didn't know what to write next. Teddy's eyes rested on the line, 'something wonderful has happened'. His mother had truly loved him, even before he was born, even though her parents were throwing her out.Knock! Knock! Knock!He looked up and saw Arkie standing in the doorway. Teddy could tell she'd been crying as her eyes were red and puffy, somehow she still looked beautiful in his eyes. "Ron wanted me to come find you. Are you okay?"Teddy didn't want to smile, knowing he'd feel guilty for being the only one who could, so he just nodded. "I'm fine. You?""Yeah." Was all she said. "Anything new with the box?"He looked straight down at the box, the faintest hint of a smile on his lips. "It was my mother's." He tore his eyes from the box. "So, what did Ron want you to find me for?"She gestured for him to follow her down the hall where they met up with the others. Ron was pointing to silver plaque on one of the many bedroom doors. "Regulus Arcturus Black." Teddy read aloud."R.A.B." Ron whispered. Teddy pushed the door further open. Inside the room was a mess. The upturned furniture was covered in dust and cobwebs and the shelves were filled with strange, dark objects. At that moment all their stomach growled at once and they all headed down the kitchen.As Arkie plastered the butter onto her toast, Hermione read the note found in the fake locket. "I know I will be dead long before you read this. I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it.""So, R.A.B. is Sirius's brother?" Teddy asked, leaning back in his chair."Yes." Hermione nodded. "Question is, did he actually destroy the real Horcrux?"Thump!The softest of thuds came from within the pantry at the end of the kitchen. If the room hadn't been so quiet they might've missed it all together. Teddy jumped to his feet quietly, creeping towards the door and placing his hand on the doorknob. One deep breath. He swung open the door.Everyone leaned in their seats, trying to look around Teddy who groaned and pulled something out from within the pantry cupboard. "Kreacher."The house-elf growled at him in his low croaky voice. "Filthy half-breed!" He spat. "How dare you taint my master's house with you filthy blood!""Oh, put a sock in it." Teddy grumbled under his breath. "You've been spying on us, haven't you?"The elf tugged at the rags he called clothing. "Kreacher has been watching." He admitted slowly."Maybe he knows where the real locket is." Ron said, standing up.Harry grabbed the locket, holding it up to Kreacher. "Have you ever seen this before?" Kreacher was silent. "Kreacher!""It's Master Regulus' locket."Harry continued to hold the fake locket tightly. "But there were two, weren't there?" Kreacher was slowly making his way around the table, back arched defensively. "Where's the other one?""Kreacher doesn't know where the other locket is."Teddy remembered a time when he had laughed at the annoying elf, at how he talked about himself in third person and was constantly throwing him rude remarks. Back then they didn't hurt as much. But times had changed."But did you ever see it? Was it in this house?" Hermione asked."Filthy Mudblood!" Kreacher spat walking towards her, his eyes hateful. "Death Eaters are coming for-"Ron stood defensively in front of Hermione, threatening to hit creature with his breakfast plate. Kreacher snarled. "Blood traitor, Weasley." Teddy quickly jumped in, pulling Kreacher back by his rags and placing him back on the ground. "Get out me Werewolf!""Answer her." He demanded.Kreacher went silent, then whispered shallowly. "Yes. It was here in this house. A most evil object.""How do you mean?"Kreacher was tugging at his rags guilty. "Before Master Regulus died, he ordered Kreacher to destroy it... but no matter how hard Kreacher tried, he could not do it." The elf sounded genuinely displeased with himself, as if he was a failer."Well, where is it now?" Harry lowered the hand holding the fake locket. "Did someone take it?""He came in the night. He took many things, including the locket.""Who did? Who was it, Kreacher?" Teddy asked, taking a step towards the house-elf.Kreacher glared up at him, then closed his eyes. At first Teddy thought he was falling into an uncomfortable sleep, but soon he realized the grubby little creature was thinking. Kreacher opened his black beady eyes. "Mundungus... Mundungus Fletcher."Teddy glanced at Harry who was staring at the house-elf. "Find him."Crack!F

Technically, I based this scene off a moment in J.K's books, but it was just too good a scene to leave out.Chapter 8- Mistakes -Days passed and Kreacher didn't return. "Are you sure he's going to come back?" Arkie asked as she served the five of them hot plates of spaghetti one night. "I mean, he doesn't seem to be the most loyal person in the world.""He will." Harry had replied surely. "When Sirius died Grimmauld Place and everything in it, including Kreacher, got passed down to Teddy and I."Teddy looked up from his plate, his fork covered in strings of pasta. "Really? Maybe I can convince him to stop calling me half-breed." He said aloud, though knew the chances were unlikely.More than a week had passed and there was still no word from Kreacher or any of the Order. Teddy hoped it was because Mundungus was a hard person to find, especially when there were now Snatchers roaming the streets, the new evil police of a sort.Arkie, who had gone unusually quiet the past few days, had been busying herself by cleaning up the old home of Black. Even though Harry said over and over again that they wouldn't be staying for much longer. Teddy insisted on helping Arkie. Like her he needed something to keep himself busy. And it helped. Over the span of a few days, the two were capable of talking between each other casually and laughing at each others jokes and clumsiness.For a few minutes each day, Teddy could almost forget what was happening in the outside world.When he wasn't cleaning and couldn't find anything to do, Teddy would spend hours lying in front of the fireplace, a notebook and quill in hand. He'd been able to convince the others it was a diary, but really he was just jotting down ideas. Ideas of how to contact his father. He'd thought of trying to send a message through his patronus, like so many of the other members of the Order had done so.But he was sure someone was bound to notice a huge bear made of light, running through the streets of London.After coming up blank for days in a row he slowly began to lose hope in his quest to contact his father. Eventually, he began to offer to take the necessary trips outside of the house. They were running low on food and other items, such as toothpaste, toilet paper and soap, at an alarming rate. Teddy always made sure to bring home the latest Daily Prophet issues.One night, as he re-entered the house, shaking the raindrops from his messy hair, he walked into the living room to find Ron sitting by the radio as per usual.The device was crackling out a constant stream of names, listing people who were either missing and, or dead. Teddy had given up listening to it. He didn't need a stupid machine to tell him whether or not his father was alive, he knew deep in his heart he was.He threw the paper onto the kitchen bench and crouched over it. HNew Minister for Magic, Pius Thicknesse Has Much To Say!" He read aloud. Harry, Arkie and Hermione's heads turned in his direction. "As your new Minister for Magic I promise to restore this temple of tolerance to its former glory. Therefore, beginning today each employee will submit themselves for evaluation. You have nothing to fear if you have nothing to hide."Teddy glared at the large image on the front page, showing the new Minister in his full pride and glory. Behind him stood a short women with a wide, beady eyed face. An unsurprisingly growl left Teddy's throat and the white scars on his hand grew paler. He tossed the Prophet onto one of the huge piles in the corner of the room.Suddenly, there was an unfamiliar sound. A door opening and closing. But all five of them were in the room, who could be coming in? Teddy jumped out of his chair and winced as it scratched loudly against the floorboards. He slipped his wand out from where it'd been tucked into his belt. Creeping into the hall his voice cracked. "Who's there?""It's just me."Teddy's heart raced as he pointed the tip of his wand in the direction of the figure, standing in the shadows at the end of the thin hallway. "Step out into the light- slowly!" He added and the figure did as he asked. "Dad?""Hey, Teddy." Teddy ran down the hall, wand still in hand. He jumped on his father, entangling his arms around his neck. "Oh thank, Merlin you're alright!" Remus sighed. "I was hoping you'd be here.""I didn't know where you went. I was trying to find ways to contact you.""I'm glad you didn't, it would've been to risky." He shrugged off his coat and hung it over the staircase railing, inviting himself into the small living room. Teddy noticed how worn out he looked. His clothes were shabbier than before and grey strands of hair had begun to sprout just above his hairline. "We're all in hiding, most of us that is. I've been looking for you five.""Well, you found us." Harry said with a slight smile. Everyone was happy to see the kind Werewolf again, but Teddy couldn't ignore the miserable aura that hung indivisibly around his father. "Yes," Remus sat on the end of one of the kitchen table chairs. "And, forgive me for saying, most of the Order's is under the impression that you are all on some sort of mission that Dumbledore set you up to.""We are." Teddy said, sitting beside him at the head of the table. The others gathered round, also taking a seat."I was hoping, Harry, if you might allow me to join you on your mission- whatever it is."All eyes went on Harry who seemed to be debating his options. Teddy was excited, his father was going to come with them. He sent a strong silent plea in Harry's direction. "I don't know, Remus. Dumbledore told me that-""But I might still be of some use to you, Harry." Remus interrupted. "You know what I am and what I can do. I could come with you all to provide protection." He put a hand on Teddy's shoulder, massaging it for a short second. "And I have to stick with my son."Although Teddy was flattered he still couldn't shake the question burning in his scalp. "But, Dad... What about Tonks?""What about her?" He asked casually. Teddy could've sworn he saw something apprehensive in the man's eye."Well..." He hesitated slightly. "How does she feel about you going away with us?"Remus waved an careless hand, to which Teddy looked at him in confusion. "Tonks will be perfectly safe. She'll be at her parents' house." Teddy found that strange. Tonks was part of the Order, and he knew she'd want to be part of the fight."Dad, is everything alright... between you and-""Everything's fine, thank you." Remus replied pointedly. Teddy looked down his feet, feeling as though his heart had just been jabbed by a fork. He glanced up from under his eyelashes at the others, whose eyes were swiveling between the two of them. Remus looked at his son, regretting his sharp tone. "Tonks is going to have a baby."Teddy looked up, his green eyes wide. "Really? That's great!""Congratulations!""We're so happy for you.""That's great!"A stream of congratulations flowed from the end of the hall. But Remus simply nodded, looking nothing more than miserable. He leaned over the table, twisting his wedding ring uncomfortably. "So what do you say? I'm sure Dumbledore would've wanted me to come. He did appoint me as your Dark Arks professor, after all. And who knows what kinds of magic we'll be facing?"Everyone was silent and stared at Teddy, all thinking the same question. "So," Teddy murmured, wondering if he'd heard right. "Just to be clear... you want to leave Tonks at her parents' house and come away with us?""She'll be safe there," Remus replied swiftly. "They'll look after her." He saw their unsure faces and continued. "I want to come with you, Teddy. To protect you. And, Harry, I'm sure James would have wanted me to stick with you."Harry glanced at Teddy, as if asking for permission to say what was on all of their minds. Teddy gave the slightest of nods. "Well, I'm sure my father would have wanted to know why you aren't sticking with your own kid, actually."Remus went pale and everything went deadly silent. Teddy stared up at his father, waiting for his answer. "You don't understand.""Then explain it to me." Teddy said, crossing his arms on top of the table.Remus couldn't seem to keep eye contact with anyone, specifically not Teddy. He was still fiddling with his wedding ring, and was staring down at it in disliking. "I-I made a great mistake in marrying Tonks." Teddy felt his heart race. "I did it against my better judgement and I have regretted it very much ever since."Hermione and Arkie looked as though they wanted to sink in their seats, Ron was glancing around the room, looking uncomfortable and Harry was glanced between the father and son. Teddy had a cold glare in his eyes which he set down upon his father. "So you're just going to dump her, and the kid, and run off with us?""Teddy," Remus begun and Teddy could sense the rest of his sentence wouldn't be good. "You of all people should understand what I've done to my wife and my unborn child?"Teddy's hand curled into a fist on the table. "And what's that?""I should never have married her, I've made her an outcast." Remus finally met his son's eyes, flinching when he saw how cold they had become. "Teddy, you know how most of the wizarding world see creatures like me!""Like us!"Teddy's correction didn't seem to help, if anything it made Remus feel worse than before. "When they know of our conditions... they'll barely be able to talk to us. I know you haven't experienced it yet, but it's true!""I've experienced a lot, Dad! I can take it." He spat, but Remus wasn't convinced. The thunder outside boomed loudly, like the racing hearts of the two Werewolves.Remus shook his greying hair. "That's what I'm saying, Teddy!" His voice raised, but Teddy didn't shrink back. "Don't you see what I've done? Even Tonk's own family is disgusted by our marriage- what kind of parent wants their daughter to marry a Werewolf?"Arkie stared down at her hands, her face losing its colour.The Werewolf was running his fingers through his light hair, gripping it at it tightly. "And the child- the child-""What about the child?" Remus looked at Harry, who had spoken."Harry, my kind don't usually breed!" He moaned. "It'll be like me, I am convinced of it. I mean, look at Teddy!" The tall boy felt a strange feeling in his gut as his father gestured towards him. "I've already steered one child onto the road of poverty and prejudice! How can I forgive myself, when I knowingly risked passing on my condition to ANOTHER innocent child?!"Teddy opened his mouth, losing his fist slightly. "Dad, I'm fine-""No, you're not, Teddy!" His father shouted. "Because of me you'll live the same life I did! Scared and alone!""He's not alone!" Arkie said firmly from the other end of the table. Remus barely noticed her though and nervously rubbed the back of his neck."Dad, I'm fine. I love my life and I don't blame you for anything." He tried to touch his father's hand but he yanked it away. "I'm proud to be like you.""I'm so sorry, Teddy." He exhaled. "I should never have... Carla and I were young and stupid- we should never have...""You should never have had me?"The room was quiet again. Teddy's hard eyes had softened sadly and Remus look flustered, as if for a while there he'd forgotten he was talking out loud. "Teddy, no.""That's what you were going to say, right?"Remus could've lied, but his face gave it all away. Teddy held back tears, his chest tightening. "If I'm such a mistake, why'd you come here?""Teddy, you're not-""Answer the question!" Now Teddy couldn't meet his father's eyes, so instead he stared at the fireplace at the end of the room. Silence."Because I love you.""But you love Tonks to, don't you?"There was a shuffling from his father's seat. "Of course. But, Teddy... I can't... We can't risk passing on our condition.""We?" Teddy's eyes narrowed."Yes." Remus bowed his head. "Because of me, not even you can have kids of your own... I'm so so-""I don't want to hear it!" He held up his hand abrasively. "Maybe you should just go.""Teddy!" Remus looked at him pleading. "I'm not leaving you.""I can protect myself, Dad." He hissed the last word. "Like you said, I'm going to live my life alone, right? Why not start now?" Remus was silent, but didn't stand up. Teddy glared back at him. "I know why you're really here. You're just using us as an escape route from your problems!""I would never-"Teddy wouldn't hear any of it. "You know what you are, Dad? You're a coward!""H-how dare you!" Remus jumped from his seat, knocking it over. Teddy stood up also his back as tense as a wooden board. "I thought you of all people would understand, Teddy! Even if the child, by some miracle, isn't like you and me, then he'd be better off without a father he would be ashamed of. I know you'd understand that!""Well, I don't! Because I was never ashamed of you, Dad. At least not until today!" He took a deep breath, but it did little calm his nerves. "Is this how you reacted when Carla had me?"Remus' eyes opened wider. "I didn't know you even existed until you were-""I know! But when you saw me for the first time... What were you thinking then?" His voice grew quiet."I... I was thinking of how sorry I was."Teddy faced the other direction, leaning on the table. "You've already abandoned one child... don't abandon another.""Teddy-""Just go."There were hesitant footsteps, then the slamming of a door. Still not facing the others, Teddy let his held back tears slid down his cheeks like rivers. A shaky breath escaped his lips. Suddenly, a hand was on his back. He leaned into Arkie, who rested her hands on his back. The others left the room silently, leaving Teddy to sob into his lover's chest.

Chapter 9- Guilty -Arkie winced at the out of tune pinging of Ron's piano skills. Hermione sat beside him. "Be a bit gentler." Ron tried again but showed no improvement. She got up, glancing around the room. Arkie had found an old herbology book and was flipping through the pages while Harry was fiddling with his snitch by the fireplace. "How's Teddy?" She asked.Arkie put down her book for a second. "Upset. Hasn't left his room in two days, won't each much either.""I think Teddy was too harsh on Remus." Hermione said, brushing a strand of hair from her face."Actually," Arkie reopened her book. "I think Remus was too harsh on Teddy.""They both said things they regretted." Harry said from the fireplace. Everything was silent, Ron turned up the speaker on the radio. Hermione sat down besides Harry, looking at the golden ball in his hand. "They have flesh memories. When Scrimgeour first gave it to you, I thought it might open at your touch. That Dumbledore had hidden something inside it.""I'm going to check on him." Arkie said, getting onto her feet and walking up the small staircase towards Teddy's room. When she opened the door she found him sitting on the windowsill, his mother's jewelry box and letter in hand. "Hey, Ted. You okay?""No more okay then when you came to visit me half an hour ago." His voice was dull and dry.She walked into the room, a lively feel in her step. "Gotta say love what you've done with the place." She said humorously. "I mean the dust, the unmade beds, the destroyed desk, the lack of air flow and the binds- oh yes, the closed blinds really top it off." A small grin tickled Teddy's lips. He looked up her quietly."I'm sorry. It's just...""I know." She placed a hand in his. "But we need you out there, Teddy." He gestured to the door with her head. "You're like, the best dueler we have. Without you, we don't stand a chance." She sat down beside him, watching her words take effect. She slowly took the box and letter from his hands and placed it on his unmade bed.Her golden eyes stared at his unblinkingly. A strained breath sounded in his throat. "Alright." He got up, and with Arkie at his side, walked down the stairs. Halfway down, Arkie stopped him. "Your dad didn't mean what he said, you know that? He's just stressed.""We all are."They took a few steps into the living room and a second after he awkwardly waved at the others there was a loud crack! For a split second, Teddy thought and hoped it might be his dad returning. But instead a short, bald, scruffy dressed man that smelled on dirt and cigarettes appeared at the end of the room, two house-elves clinging to his leg and head. "Get off!" The man grunted, waving his arms frantically."Harry Potter!" Dobby gasped joyfully, clinging onto Mundungus' leg for dear life. Teddy smiled at the sight of Dobby. "So long it's been!""Get off me!" Mundungus growled, tripped on his own foot and tumbled over. Both house-elves toppled off onto the ground.Kreacher snarled viciously. "As requested, Kreacher has returned with the thief, Mundungus Fletcher.""Expellliarmus!" Teddy said, flicking the wand Mundungus had been reaching for out of his hand and into his own. Mundungus stared at his attackers, then at the witches and wizards standing before hi, each one glaring in a cold stare. Teddy had an expression that could give acid a run for its money. Mundungus looked up at him, looking frightened when he noticed to two small, yet deep, scars on his temple and jaw.He jumped onto his feet, his crouched stance reminding Teddy of Peter Pettigrew, scared and guilty. "What you playing at?" He demanded. "Setting a pair of bleeding house-elves after me!""Dobby was only trying to help." Dobby said, climbing up on the kitchen table. "Dobby saw Kreacher in Diagon Alley, which Dobby thought was curious." Kreacher tried to say something but Dobby cut in. "And then Dobby heard Kreacher mention Harry Potter's name." Kreacher opened his mouth once more and Dobby cut in again. "And then Dobby saw Kreacher talking with the thief, Mundungus-""I'm no thief!" Mundungus shouted, offended. You foul little- Git." He took a step forward but stopped when everyone pointed their wands at him. Kreacher had somehow found a short pocket knife which he poked the man with unkindly. "I'm a purveyor of rare and wondrous objects.""You're a thief, Dung." Teddy said with a roll of his eyes. "Everyone knows it.""Master Lupin!" Dobby walked up to him, still standing on the table, and shook his hand gently. "So good to see you again.""You too, Dobby." He smiled at the elf softly, then scowled back at Mundungus.Mundungus muttered something. "Listen, I panicked that night, all right?" He stammered to Teddy. "Could I help it if Mad-Eye fell off his broom?" Arkie put and hand on Teddy's chest, to stop him from running at the cowering wizard."If you'd only been there you little-" He stopped himself, taking a long breath. "Just... When you turned this place over- And don't deny it -you found a locket, right?""Why?" Mundungus' eyes shimmered. "Was it valuable?""You still got it?" Hermione gasped hopefully, but Ron groaned."No, he's worried he didn't get enough money for it."Mundungus looked pissed-off, shaking his head in dismay. "Bleeding give it away, didn't I? There I was, flogging me wares in Diagon Alley, when some Ministry hag comes up and asks to see me license. Says she's a mind to lock me up. And would've done it too, if she hadn't taken a fancy to that locket."Teddy took a step closer. "Who was she? The witch."Mundungus scratched his peeling scalp, thinking and muttering at the same time. Teddy wondered why on earth Moody would ever trust someone like him. But then again, he'd wanted Mundungus at his side the night they were smuggling Harry away, so maybe he didn't."No, I-" His dark brown eyes suddenly landed upon something, an issue of the Daily Prophet sitting atop one of the large piles. "Well, she's there. Look! On the front page. Bleeding bow and all."Teddy was the first to get to the paper, holding it up to his face. Arkie could see the hair rising on the back of his neck and his fist closed at his side. On it she could see the pale white scars. 'Half-breed'."Who is it, Teddy?" She asked. He let the paper fall on the table in front of them. Teddy's face was brittle as everyone's jaw dropped. Teddy had never liked the thought of hate, it was such an ugly word that no one should ever had to feel. Yet everyone seemed to have someone to loath. For Harry it was Voldemort, obviously.But for Teddy, Umbridge was number one on his list of least liked figures.He stared at the toadish woman contaminating the front page, standing between the Minister and a large Ministry worker, the large locket hanging around her flabby neck. It looked exactly like the fake, and for a moment Teddy found himself pondering ways that the locket she was wearing was another fake. "So," he grumbled, coming up with very little excuses. "What are we going to do now?"

Chapter 10- Perseverance and Polyjuice Potion -Teddy walked down the busy street in London, a carefree look on his face. Everywhere around him there were muggles rushing to get to work. Mixed into the muggles were witches and wizards also trying to get to their work place.Ever since Voldemort took over the Ministry, all lower classed workers were forced to use a different form of transportation to get to work other than using Floo powder and apparation.Teddy ambled down the street, looking exceptionally like a young muggle teen, in his baggy jeans and flannel top with a 'I Love NY!' cap over his neat hair. Behind him trotted a thin, boney women with a face that looked like she was sucking a lemon. From her over-the-top muggles clothes, Teddy knew she was a witch in disguise.He continued walking a few paces in front of the witch before dropping down onto his knee to tie up a non-existent shoelace. The witch walked past him and Teddy glanced at the open door on her right. A white light came from within and hit the witch, who fainted. Teddy caught her quickly and, with the help of Ron, carried her inside the door to the small storage room.The two placed her down beside four other unconscious Ministry workers. "I think we're getting the hang of this." Ron laughed silently to Teddy, who grinned back. Hermione looked nervous, her lips pursed together so tightly that at first glance, Teddy thought she didn't have any.Arkie was beginning to spoon a bubbling, grey, lumpy liquid into five cups. Teddy watched her, wrinkling his nose at the sour smell."Right, remember what we said." Hermione repeated for the fifth time that morning, grabbing the full cups of Polyjuice potion and passing one to each member in the cramped storage room. "Don't speak to anyone unless absolutely necessary. Just try and act normal. Do what everybody else is doing."Together they all chose one of the Ministry workers each, plucking a hair from their head. Harry took a hair from a large, square shouldered man with a stern looking on his sleeping face. Ron took his from a plump, red haired man with a brush moustache. Hermione got the hair off the lemon-faced woman they'd just kidnapped and Arkie plucked a hair from a messy brown haired woman, who looked in her 20's.Teddy bent down, taking the hair from skinny, long dark haired man with a hooked nose and small eyes. He held the hair above his helping of Polyjuice."If we do that, then with a bit of luck, we'll get inside." Hermione sounded far from confident.Teddy gulped in disgust at the mud-like substance in his cup. "That's where it'll get really tricky." He said. There was an anxious silence. Ron shook his head. "This is completely mental.""Completely." Arkie muttered in an unappetizing tone. Harry glanced at the others, looking more determined than any of them. "Come on. We've got a Horcrux to find."Teddy felt awkward wearing the clothes of a man unconscious in a storage room. It was even weirder to be walking among stranger that weren't really strangers. From the weird, anxious and tense looks on the others faces, they were feeling the same way.Together they followed after other Ministry workers, until they reached two public toilets. All the wizards filed into the men's toilet, while the witches trotted into the ladies. They all glanced at each other.Teddy instinctively pressed his forehead to Arkie's, before seeing a witch glancing at the two of them in confusion. He took a step back and followed Ron and Harry into the men's. The wizards were all lined up outside the toilets. Like a well oiled machine they'd walk into a cubicle, there was a flushing sound, then the door would open, revealing an empty cubicle.Teddy followed everyone else and was soon standing inside a cubicle. The flushing noises echoed from the other cubicles. He bent down, glancing under the wall into the next cubicle. His neighbor raise his foot and stepped into the toilet, then the next foot went. Flush! He was gone.He wrinkled his hook-like nose as he stood back up. "This is why I'd never suite a Ministry job." He whispered to himself before plunging one foot into the toilet, then the other. He turned around awkwardly and flushed himself down. He gasped as he landed in the familiar black bricked hall of the Ministry of Magic. Witches and wizards were pushing through the crowd, yet there was an even more dreary feeling there than ever before.Aurors were forming a wide barrier nearby, occasionally asking witches and wizards to present identification. Luckily, Teddy slipped past them without any questions, but spotted a young man getting stopped by an Auror. "You. Come.""W-what?" The man stammered as two wizards grabbed him by the arms. "What did I do?""Just keep walking."Teddy watched them drag the man off then he looked around. No one seemed to have even noticed what had happened, that or they were choosing to ignore it. Pushing down the sick feeling in his stomach, he continued searching for the others. Finally, he found them all crowded together by the huge golden fountain that had been repaired since the Battle of the Department of Mysteries.Once again the thought of his father, Tonks and future sibling came to mind. But now was not the time to be thinking of such things. He had to concentrate."Hey, guys." He murmured, joining the group by the water edge. Teddy had always been tall, yet thankfully had stopped growing once he reached his dad's height. But now with his added height, he felt like a giant, towering among the others. It almost made him feel more exposed."Teddy?" Arkie looked up at him, her brown hair and triangular features making her completely unrecognizable. "Sorry, I forgot what you looked like.""Yeah, it's me. So... what now?""We find Umbridge." Harry said.Teddy glanced around the employees trotting past, his eye catching the number of wanted posters with Harry's photo piled up to one side. "But how? This place is huge, she could be anywhere.""Teddy's got a point, Harry." Hermione mumbled."Then we better start searching." Harry was already moving off towards one of the golden old fashioned elevators, with shining bar-like doors that creaked open and shut by themselves. The last time Teddy had been in the Ministry he had been running to warn his friends that they were walking into a trap. Now he was sneaking in, in another body, to try and steal a Horcrux from his old Dark Arts professor. If only Mad-Eye could see him now.The five of them all squeezed into a free elevator, but before the door could creak shut a hand grabbed it, forcing it back open again. "Cattermole." A wizard, dressed in tight, elegant robes, with a long golden braid trailing down his back, glared at Ron fiercely. "It's still raining inside my office. That's two days now."Teddy and the others looked between the two. Ron stammered slightly. "Have you tried an umbrella?" If Teddy could slap his forehead with his hand, he would have.The wizard's expression soured. "You do realize I'm going downstairs, don't you, Cattermole?""Downstairs?" Ron replied, his voice cracking slightly.The wizard twisted his lips into a crooked grin. "To interrogate your wife." He leaned against the door in a threatening manner. "Now, if my wife's blood status were in doubt and the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement needed a job doing, I think I might just make that a priority." Ron gulped. "You have one hour."The doors closed and everything was silent. The elevator moved back and then down. "Oh, my God." Ron finally breathed, his voice was shaking and his hands clammy. "What am I gonna do? My wife's all alone downstairs."Teddy squinted his eyes and stared at Ron from over his shoulder. "Ron, you don't have a wife."Ron turned an even brighter shade of red than he had been before. "Oh, right.""I can't believe it." Arkie whispered from the opposite side of the elevator to Teddy. "They're questioning Mudbloods." She answered to the look on Teddy's face. "It's in the Prophet.""Level 2." The familiar woman's voice said from within the elevator and the machine came to a slow stop."How do I stop it raining?" Ron asked, desperately."Try 'Finite Incantatem.'" Hermione whispered, gripping onto the sides of the elevator. "This is you, Ron." She said as the doors squeaked open and Ron stumbled out, looking flustered."Finite Incantatem. Okay." He repeated and spun to face them again. "And if that doesn't work...?" But the elevator was already whizzing to the next level. Teddyy released a shaky breath and grabbed Arkie's weirdly boney hand."If we don't locate Umbridge within the hour we go find Ron and come back another day. Deal?" Harry said in an authoritative tone, turning to the rest of them. They all nodded in unison as the doors opened once again.Creak!Teddy was the first to look up at the person standing on the other side of the door, waiting to get in. Hed froze when he saw the short, stubby witch dressed completely in nauseating pink, standing at the door. A long silver chain hung around her neck, on the end a large crystal locket. It looked exactly like fake one.Umbridge glanced once at the people inside the elevator. Her black beady eyes rested on Teddy. "Lance. Good, you're on time." She spoke to Teddy sweetly. If only she knew who she was really talking to. He wanted nothing more than to whip out his wand and demonstrate some of the spells Mad-Eye had taught him. "And Mafalda." She blinked at Hermione. "Travers sent you, did he? Good, we'll go straight down."She trotted into the elevator and waited quietly. When no one moved she glanced at Harry and Arkie. "Albert, Polly. Aren't you getting out?" Teddy let go of Arkie's hand, which had been hidden behind his back, and watched as the two slowly ambled out of the elevator. They turned around, watching the terrified Hermione and awkward Teddy, disappear down to the next floor.

Don't forget to keep leaving those reviews! ;)Chapter 11- Dirty Blood -Teddy felt the elevator plummeting downwards and he hastily gripped the sides. Umbridge was looking straight forward. From her bright expression and rosy cheeks, Teddy could tell she was excited. "We have quite a lot of mudbloods to get through today." She giggled. "Mafalda you'll find all the necessary equipment already down there. Lance I'm sure you're ready with your speech.""Ugh, yeah." He glanced at Hermione, whose big eyes had begun to look even bigger. "Been practicing all night.""Splendid!" The doors opened and they walked out into the empty, dark corridor. The air was freezing and Teddy could feel his blooding chilling. His heart began to race more than it had before and he felt all the loss, the hurt and the fear he'd been feeling for the last few weeks rush at him.He knew what the cause of the feeling was even before Umbridge took out her wand and spoke clearly. "Expecto Patronum!" A small silver cat jumped from the tip of her wand, trotting beside them with elegance. The door to the courtroom was getting nearer at nearer. The cat Patronus was the first to walked through the door. There was a bright light and a hollow gasping.The cold feeling in his chest disappeared like vapor and the three strutted into the courtroom. Hermione gave a silent, terrified breath nudging Teddy and staring upwards. He followed her gaze. A bright barrier of light had formed around the tall roof, behind it was what looked like over fifteen Dementors. The cloaked figures glowered at the newcomers and the small, yet powerful Patronus which was lying lazily on the judge's bench, to which Umbridge climbed up to, the Horcrux dangling around her neck. "Right." She chirped, taking her seat.Teddy and Hermione sat on either side of the bench, glancing constantly up at Umbridge. Teddy considered jumping up and sending a quick stunning spell in her direction, but Hermione's face said otherwise. Next a crowd of wizards and witches, all dressed in dark robes, trudged into the room and took their seats. Next a thin, matted haired man was pushed into the room.He looked frightened as he took his seat in the center of the courtroom. "Andrew Alderton?" Umbridge said, shuffling through the pages in front of her."Y-yes." He stammered."Of 18 Persavel Road?"He cleared his blocked throat. "Yes.""I suppose you know why you are here today, hm?"Andrew was slow to respond, he was seeming to have a hard time keeping it together. The Dementors were staring down at him front above and Umbridge's eyes showed little kindness. "I-I'm a h-halfblood. I sw-swear. My father William-""Is this your wand, Mr. Alderton?" She interrupted, seemingly bored of his pleads. She held up a long apple wood wand. Andrew nodded, shaking still. Umbridge's pink lips twisted upwards on both sides. "From which witch or wizard did you steal it from?""I didn't!" He shouted in fear and frustration."Lying will not be tolerated here.""I'm not!" Teddy wanted so much to jump out to protect the man, but Hermione's eyes stared into his and he remained still. Umbridge just beamed, her cat Patronus sitting tall beside her, just as proud and delighted as she was. "Well... as it is obvious you won't be complying with us today. Aurors, escort him out." Teddy closed his eyes to the sounds of the man's protests and screams, until finally his voice was but a small whisper in the back of his mind.When he opened his eyes, a young woman was moving to the same spot Andrew had been standing, she looked just as scared as he did."Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?" Umbridge said, peering down at the woman.She nodded her head. "Yes.""Of 27 Chislehurst Gardens, Great Tolling, Evesham?""Yes." She repeated timidly, her voice nothing more than squeak. Umbridge flipped through her notes, humming an annoying tune. "Mother to Maisie, Ellie and Alfred? Wife to Reginald?"Mrs. Cattermole was about to say something when she caught sight of the doorway. "Reg?" There was silence, then Teddy watched in shock as the disguised form of Harry, pushed Ron into the room and towards his 'wife'. Arkie stood alone in the doorway."Thank you, Albert." Umbridge said and Teddy saw Harry flinch. "Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?""Yes?""A wand was taken from you upon your arrival at the Ministry today. Is this that wand?" She held up the witch's wand, something dark glistening in her black, beady eyes. "Would you please tell the court from which witch or wizard you took this wand?"Mrs. Cattermole was at a lost for words. "I didn't take it." Her voice cracked as she spoke. "I got it in Diagon Alley, at Ollivander's, when I was 11. It chose me."Umbridge leaned forward in her seat, the green locket around her neck shining brightly and Teddy noticed Harry slowly edging towards it. "You're lying." Umbridge giggled. "Wands only choose witches, and you are not a witch.""But I am! Tell them, Reg. Tell them what I am." Ron didn't say anything he just stared between Harry and Umbridge. "Reg, tell them what I am!" Teddy was the first to notice Harry pulled out his wand, still glaring at Umbridge. He stood up instinctively, also pulling out his wand. Teddy also stood up, wand in hand."What on earth are you two doing?" Umbridge gasped, glancing between the two. The effects of the Polyjuice potion were beginning to wear off. Harry's hair was growing out and his scar was starting to form on his forehead. Teddy's hair was turning back to its usual light brown and he was shrinking back to his normal size."You're lying, Dolores." Harry growled now completely back to his original form. "And one mustn't tell lies. Stupefy!"

Chapter 12 - Splinched -Teddy laid on the damp forest floor, his chest rising and falling heavily. His muscles ached from their uncoordinated escape. He laid there for a few seconds, recapping what had just happened.They were standing in the courtroom. Harry had thrown a spell at Umbridge, knocking her out. As soon as she had slumped back in her chair, her Patronus vanished and the bright barrier separating the Dementors from them disappeared as well. Somehow, Harry had been able to grab the Horcrux from Umbridge's flabby neck and they all ran to the elevator. Ron, still wearing the disguise of Mr. Cattermole, pulled Mrs. Cattermole along with him.The Dementors were swooping in on them. Teddy and Arkie were the last to make it through the elevator door. Scabbed, rotting hands reached out for them through the bars. There was a hollow breathy noise and Teddy could feel the happiness being sucked from inside him.His wand was in front of his face, but he couldn't bring himself to say the words. Arkie was gasping beside him, her hand at her side, fingers extended. He reached for it, feeling the warmth of each others touch, the two flicked their wands together."Expecto Patronum!"A large male and female grizzly bear barreled through the horde of Dementors, sending them flying backwards. The elevator went up and the last thing they heard were two bears grunting in the distance. With their fingers still bound, Teddy and Arkie led the others out of the elevator. That's when all hell broke loose. A Ministry worker recognised Harry and the whole Ministry went into shut down. "It's Harry Potter!" The wizard had shouted, pointing at Harry like he was a rare bird he'd spotted on a nature hike.They all ran for it, abandoning the stunned Mrs. Catermole, hoping she would take the opportunity to escape. The man with the long blonde ponytail, that had told Ron to stop his office from raining, was in hot pursuit. Teddy looked over his shoulder, letting go of Arkie's hand to allow him to aim his spell directly at him. "Expellliarmus!"He flicked it away, but Teddy wasn't done yet. He thrusted his wand and the huge piles of Harry Potter wanted posters flew into the air, flying into the faces of the man and the Aurors running after them. During that brief moment, Arkie slammed into a wizard."Sorry." She said instinctively, then glanced once more at the wizard. it was her father. Mr. Edwards was shocked to see his daughter at the Ministry, but once he saw Teddy, deflecting spells nearby and Harry and the others running for it, he gave a short nod. "Go!""But Dad-""Just go!" He pushed her forward."Come on!" Teddy snatched her hand, dragging her along with him. The two caught up with the others. "There!" Hermione yelled above the shouting and spell firing. Teddy followed her gaze to the many fireplaces decorated the wall ahead of them. He sped up. One by one, the fireplaces were closing. He grunted beside Arkie.Then, he dived into the last fireplace, the others close behind him. From over his shoulder, he saw the ponytail man following them into the green flames. His surprised yelp was cut off as they all entered the Floo Network.That's when they had all fallen on to the forest floor, the ponytail man no where to be seen. Blinking his eyes, Teddy sat up and immediately looked around. "Arkie? Arkie!""Over here." She groaned, leaning against a tree, her head hanging low."Arkie! You okay?" She stumbled over to her, raising her chin with his fingers. She stared up at him, her eyes filled with tears and her mouth forming a bright smile. "He's okay. My dad's okay." She half-laughed.Teddy knew that just because he was alive didn't mean he was okay, but he didn't feel like now was the time to tell Arkie that. So he remained quiet. That's when he heard Hermione's frightened voice. "Oh, my God." She wailed, running to Ron's side.At first, Teddy was confused as to what all the fuss was about, but then he saw Ron properly. He was lying on the ground, a deep gash down his shoulder, blood was spilling everywhere. Ron, still in shock, grunted painfully. "It's all right. It's okay." Hermione whispered, turning to Harry frantically. "Harry. Harry, quickly, in my bag. There's a bottle labeled 'Essence of Dittany'. Quickly!"Harry was rummaging through Hermione's charmed bag, searching for the bottle."Accio Dittany." Teddy said, pointing his wand into the bag and summoning the small bottle. He handed it frantically to Hermione. Harry's brow was covered in sweat, in one hand he held his wand and in the other was the Horcrux. "Hermione, his arm." He gasped, his face displaying the same expression of shock everyone was feeling."I know." She spat, more fearfully than angrily. She opened the bottle. "Okay, it's gonna sting a little bit." She said to Ron, pouring the contents of the bottle onto the wound. Ron hissed in pain, his breathing becoming quick. Then it slowed, he relaxed and laid his head tiredly on the ground."What happened?" Arkie asked once everything became silent. "I thought we meant to be going back to Grimmauld Place.""We were. We were." Hermione repeated, brushing Ron's hair back gently. "It's all right." She whispered, not even so much as glancing up at the others. "We were there, but that man had hold of me, and I... I knew once he'd seen where we were, we couldn't stay... ...so I brought us here." She said between sobs. "But Ron got splinched!"Teddy felt useless, standing beside Ron, unable to do anything to help him. Quietly, he looked around the forest. The trees were far apart and dead leaves covered the ground, birds chirped above them but other than that there were no other signs of life apart from themselves. Holding his wand in the air, he was waved it slowly."Protego Totalum." He said loudly. The others watched him. "Salvio Hexia.""What are you doing?" Harry asked, out of breath. Teddy turned around, his hair messy and covered in dirt. The sun burned down on his back. "Protective enchantments." He explained quickly, spinning back around on his heels. It was in that moment he realised he was still dressed in Lance's clothes, which was were way to big for him. He pulled off the heavy coat and held his wand hand in the air again. "Repello Muggletum. Muffliato.""You go first, Harry." Teddy said, placing the Horcrux on the ground. Ron watched them all, his arms hanging in a cloth sling, as they gathered round the cursed locket. Harry's eyes stared hatefully down upon it. "Dissendium!" The Horcrux flew into the air and landed back on the ground, unharmed."Incendio!" Hermione flicked her wand. The locket burst into flames, but it still had the same result. Everyone's heads turned to Teddy, the spell master of the group. He rested in a firm casting position. "Expulso. Diffindo. Reducto." Nothing happened. He turned to the others, shrugging his shoulders in defeat. Harry glided past him, picking the locket up. He stared at it for a moment, then hung it around his neck."What are you doing?" Arkie asked, taking a half step forward."We have to keep it safe until we find out how to destroy it." He replied, tucking it under his shirt and out of view. The forest was silent."Seems strange, mate." Ron said, looking pale and unwell. "Dumbledore sends you off to find all these Horcruxes, but doesn't tell you how to destroy them. Doesn't that bother you?" He was never given an answer. Harry had walked off in the direction of the tent to sit by himself. It was the same tent they'd used so many years ago, at the Quidditch World Cup. Those had been much simpliar times... hard, but simpliar.Teddy laid down on the lower bunk of the bunkbeds in the tent. In his hands he held his mother's jewelry box. Thank God Hermione had packed for an emergency. He turned to small box over in his hands. He hadn't even been able to show his father before...His thoughts were distracted by the sound of the radio. Ron had switched it on once again. The radio was a special gift from the Order, every member had one."A goblin by the nameof Gornuk was killed.It is believed that Muggle-born,Dean Thomas, and a second goblin,both believed to have beentraveling with Cresswell and Gornuk,may have escaped.If Dean is listening or anyone hasany knowledge of his whereaboutshis parents and sisters aredesperate for news.Meanwhile, a Muggle family of fivehas been found dead in their home."Teddy listened quietly. But in the last two days of camping out, he hadn't heard anything about his family. Finally, he couldn't listen to anymore and jumped out of his bed, glancing at Arkie who was deep asleep in the bed beside him, then walked out of the tent. Harry was sitting beside it, talking to Hermione. Both of them looked up as he came closer, there was something deep in Harry's eyes."What's wrong?"Harry sighed. "I tapped in to Voldemort's mind again.""Again? Harry I don't think you should-""I know but... he's found Gregorovitch.""The wandmaker?" Teddy asked, having researched the man for a school essay."He wants something that Gregorovitch used to have... but I don't know what." Harry said, lookign frustrated with himself. "But he wants it desperately. I mean, it's as if his life depends on it."The radio crackled from inside the tent and Harry turned and vicious look in his eye. "Don't." Teddy said, grabbing his arm to stop him from barging into the tent. Harry pulled out of his grip. "It comforts him." Teddy said.Harry was frustrated at Teddy. His green gaze was too calm and wise, yet there was a hint of sadness in them, but it infuriated him how he didn't let it show. "It sets my teeth on edge!" He growled lowly, standing up. "What's he expecting to hear, good news?"Teddy was silent, glancing once through the tarp of the tent to see Ron staring at the radio. "I think he just hopes he doesn't hear bad news."Harry ignored him, taking a few steps away. "How long before he can travel?"Hermione remained crouched beside the tent. "I'm doing everything I can." She mumbled."You're not doing enough!" Harry snapped. The little voice coming from the radio continued to hum from within the tent. Teddy looked Harry up and down. He was shaking with anger, the locket dangling around his neck. He stood up, extending his hand. "Take it off." He order. When Harry didn't comply he took a step forward. "I said, take it off now."Harry grunted, roughly pulling the chain over his head and passing it to Teddy. There was a moment of silence and Teddy saw Harry's shoulders relax. "Better?""Loads." Harry spoke, much more gently than before. Hermione also got onto her feet, taking the locket from Teddy's open hand and put on the locket. "We'll take it in turns, okay?"They all nodded."What's up, guys." A sleepy Arkie emerged from within the tent, rubbing her eye and looking at the others. No one answered. Teddy turned his head back to the tent, listening quietly."And now, other news:Severus Snape, newly-appointedheadmaster of Hogwarts has decreed that all studentsmust conform to the latest house rules.Hogwarts bears little resemblance to theschool under Dumbledore's leadership.Snape's curriculum is severe,reflecting the wishes of the Dark Lordand infractions are dealt with harshlyby the two Death Eaters on staff.""Snape!" Arkie gasped, having also been listening. Teddy looked up at the bright sky, hoping with all his heart that his friends were safe and wondering where his father was.Had he returned to Tonks?Would he return to him?

Chapter 13- Wanderers -For the next week the group was able to stay hidden from the world, the radio being the only way of knowing what was happening. Everyday, Teddy and Hermione would wake up and immediately reapply the protective enchantments hiding their campsite. Then they'd all gather round the small kitchen table in their large tent and try to figure out ways to destroy the Horcrux, which they all took turns in wearing.Everyone was tired, hungry and frustrated, which only helped the Horcrux do its job. Whoever was wearing it would turn sour in less than half an hour. Teddy hated the feeling, being angry at his friends, then regretting it as soon as he took the locket off.Even without the locket, the relationships between certain people were beginning to waver. Ron had developed a bad attitude towards everyone and everything. Hermione and Arkie had been found arguing over which fungus was safe to eat. Harry had stopped talking to anyone and Teddy spent most his time alone outside, as he had no one to talk to.Arkie would occasionally join him on his regular walks, but she would barely speak a word and only answered his questions in one word.In short, despite being surrounded by friends, Teddy felt alone.One night, that begun like every other night, where they would gather inside the tent without speaking, eat bowls of mushroom soup and listen to the list of missing people names spilling from the radio, Hermione left halfway through dinner. After a while, Teddy walked outside to follow her. She was standing at the edge of the clearing, staring into the trees.She glanced over her shoulder when she heard his footsteps approaching her. "Do you worry about them? About your parents.""All the time." He replied. "I'm worried about a lot of people.""I wonder if I'll ever see them again. My parents." She sniffed, holding her arms to her chest.Teddy looked down at her sadly. "I'm sorry about your parents. I heard about it from Ron... I'm sorry you had to wipe their memories." She nodded a thanks, staring at the ground. Teddy wrapped his long arm around her shoulder, pulling her close to his side. Suddenly, there was a distant crack and Hermione's sobs stopped abruptly.She took a step forward, standing near the edge of the enchanted barrier. A group of men, dressed in dirty, travelers clothes were walking past the clearing. Teddy gave a quick intake of breath as a large beast of a man carried an unconscious witch in his arms. The witch was bound by the hands and looked thoroughly beaten up."Snatchers." Hermione whispered, gesturing to the wizards from the other side of the magical barrier."Hold up!" The leader of the Snatchers, a lanky wizard with long black hair tied up messily and his body wrapped in leather, held up his hand to stop the others. "What's that?""What's what?" A Snatcher snarled, leaning against a tree in a bored fashion."What's that smell?" The Snatcher leader, whom Teddy recognised as Antioch Scabior, walked closer towards the barrier diving him and the hidden fugitives. He sniffed loudly and both Teddy and Hermione held their breath. Teddy tried to remain calm while Hermione looked panicked. There was a loud thud! One of the Snatcher's had dropped the witch's body. "What you doing?" Scabior hissed, ambling back to the group."It's heavy.""Oh, sorry. Do you want me to carry it?"The Snatcher didn't seem to catch on to his leader's sarcasm. "Yeah, thanks." He grunted, attempting to pass the unconscious witch to the slim, almost handsome Snatcher."Don't be ridiculous!" Scabior huffed, pushing past him. "Pick it up." Soon the group had disappeared into the forest."Good to know both of your enchantments work." Harry said from behind them. Teddy had been unaware of his presence and turned around slowly. Hermione took an intake of breath. "He could smell it. My perfume." She said, walking past them and back to the tent. Both Teddy and Harry speed-walked up to her."We have to leave." Teddy said what they all knew. He glanced up at the tent, Ron was standing in the doorway, watching them unfriendly."I've told you," Hermione said. "Ron isn't strong enough to Apparate.""Well, then, we'll go on foot." Harry replied. "And next time, Hermione, as much as I like your perfume, just don't wear any."They walked for hours. Teddy was a relatively fit person, having had to put up with Anna's dueling fitness routine back at Hogwarts. But the journey was difficult either way. No one talked as they walked, no one had the energy nor the right mindset to focus of both walking and talking at the same time. Luckily, they didn't have to carry anything thanks to Hermione's life saving pouch.They walked for days, never making camp in the same place twice. One day they were walking through an endless field of grass. The sight was beautiful, with vibrant grass and a stunningly blue sky, but it stretched on for what felt like miles. For hours nothing new ever rose over the horizon other than the boiling hot sun.Arkie walked beside Teddy, swaying left and right tiredly as she walked. The locket swung around her neck. "How much further?" She whined."Shouldn't be too far." Teddy had replied for the third time that day.Another day they had, had to hide in an old barn, watching as Death Eaters flew across the sky in great plumes of black smoke. On that day it'd been Teddy's turn to wear the locket. He sat alone in the corner of the barn, wondering if this forever be their daily routine. Running from Death Eaters, never staying in one place too long.The whole group looked like a mess, with unwashed hair, that deserved a trim, dark circles under their eyes and the boys all needed a shave. Was this their new lives?Teddy scratched an itch on his hand violently, thinking to himself. 'I should be anywhere but here! Why did I ever think of coming? I was fine, a medical miracle. But now Harry's dragged me into... this! I should be with my father, even if my father's a coward and my mother's-'"Hand it over."He jumped. Arkie was beside him and he quickly put the Horcrux in her hand, feeling instantly better. The two stared at each other for a second, pressing their foreheads against one another in a deep, quiet moment.Finally, they reached their next campsite. A rocky cliffside, hanging beside a vast lake that reminded Teddy of the Black Lake at Hogwarts. It was nightfall by the time they arrived, but by now they'd gotten into the rhythm of setting up camp quickly. Teddy begun to set up the protective enchantments while the others prepared dinner.

Chapter 14- Team Work, Makes the Dream Work -Teddy leaned back in his bunk bed, running his fingers through his freshly trimmed hair. Hermione had done an okay job of cutting it. It was short than he would've liked and was slightly uneven in some places. As he leaned backwards he watched Hermione as she begun to cut Harry's hair. Arkie was out, scavenging for food, claiming that there should be some herbs known to grow on cliffsides, though they all knew it'd be harder to spot them at night. Perhaps it was just an excuse for her to be alone?Suddenly, Hermione looked up, her mouth forming an excited 'O'. "Oh, my God." She dashed away."What?" Harry looked panicked as he felt his hair, as if to make sure all of it was still there."I'll tell you in a minute." Hermione called back to them from the kitchen. Teddy followed Harry after Hermione, she was grabbing out books and spreading them across the table."Maybe you could tell us now." Harry said, watching Hermione."The sword of Gryffindor," she looked at them, her eyes shining. "It's goblin-made!"The two boys were silent, looking at each other then back at the frizzy haired girl standing in front of them, waiting for them to catch on to what she was saying. "Great." Teddy said. Hermione let out a short breathy laugh."No, you don't understand." She pointed at one of her books. "Dirt and rust have no effect on the blade. It only takes in that which makes it stronger.""Okay." They said together.Hermione turned to Harry, her brown eyes glistening. She was the most alive Teddy had ever seen her in the months since they'd begun their journey. How much time had passed? What was the date even? Teddy had lost track of time."Harry, you've already destroyed one Horcrux, right? Tom Riddle's diary in the Chamber of Secrets."Harry tucked his hands into his jumper pockets, the burning lamp above their heads shook left and right with the wind blowing against the tent. "Yeah, with a Basilisk fang. If you tell me you've got one of those in that bloody beaded bag of yours...""Don't you see?" She grinned widely. "In the Chamber of Secrets, you stabbed the Basilisk with the sword of Gryffindor. Its blade is impregnated with Basilisk venom!"The pieces were beginning to come together. "It only takes in that which makes it stronger." Teddy said, a silent gasp on his face. "And that means it can...""Destroy Horcruxes!" Hermione practically squealed. Finally, they were getting somewhere. Teddy spun around to Harry, resting one arm on the book which had a large sketch of the sword in it. "That's why Dumbledore left it to you in his will, Harry!""You are brilliant, Hermione. Truly."They all stood, staring at the book. Hermione gave an embarrassed giggle. "Actually, I'm highly logical, which allows me to look past extraneous detail and perceive clearly that which others overlook."Harry didn't seemed to have been listening and neither was Teddy. "Yeah, there's only one problem, of course." Teddy glanced up at the others. "The sword was stolen-"He stopped suddenly as the lights went out. They all stared at Ron, who was walking towards them holding his Deluminator in his now healed arm. He flicked open the cap again and the lights returned to their bulbs. "Yeah, I'm still here." He said with a scowl, the locket tucked away under his shirt. "But you three carry on. Don't let me spoil the fun." He aimed the last sentence towards Hermione and Harry.Teddy walked around the table but before he could speak Harry got in first. "What's wrong?" He asked and Teddy prepared for the worst."Wrong? Nothing's wrong." Ron said sarcastically. "Not according to you, anyway.""Ron-" Teddy tried to jump into the conversation but Harry beat him to it again."Look, if you've got something to say, don't be shy. Spit it out." The wind outside blew so hard and whistled so fiercely, Teddy could've mistaken it for a boiling kettle left on the stove too long."All right, I'll spit it out. But don't expect me to be grateful because there's another damn thing we've gotta find!"Teddy held Harry back, taking a few steps towards Ron. "Ron, we all knew what we signed up for-"Ron's hair looked life fire again his red face. "Yeah. I thought I did.""Well then," Harry spat. "I'm sorry, but I don't quite understand. What part of this isn't living up to your expectations? Did you think we were gonna be staying in a hotel? Finding a Horcrux every other day? Thought you'd be back to you mum by Christmas?"Teddy looked between the two frantically. "Guys-" But neither boys were listening to him."I just thought, after all this time we would've achieved something!" Ron growled, standing so close to Harry they could smell each others breath. "I thought you knew what you were doing. I thought Dumbledore told you something worthwhile. I thought you had a plan.""I told you everything Dumbledore told me. And in case you haven't noticed, we found a Horcrux." He gestured to the locket round Ron's neck."Yeah, and we're as close to getting rid of it as we are to finding the rest of them!""Take it off, Ron." Teddy demanded, Hermione was at his side in an instant, her eyes pleading."Ron. Please, take- take the Horcrux off." She struggled with Ron. "You wouldn't be saying this if you hadn't been wearing it all day." Ron pushed her away."You all want to know why I listen to that radio?" He shouted so hard his voice cracked. "To make sure I don't hear Ginny's name, or Fred, or George or Mom. And I'm not the only one!" He looked from Harry to Teddy who stared back at him, his expression unreadable."You think I don't know how this feels?!" Harry's hands curled into fists at his sides."No, you don't know how it feels!" Ron exploded like a nuclear bomb. "Your parents are dead. You have no family!" Teddy ran forward as Harry pounced on Ron."Stop. Stop." Hermione cried from the sidelines. Teddy split the two, pushing them on opposite sides of the tent."Fine, then go!" Harry hissed, struggling against Teddys grip. "Go, then!""Fine." Ron raised his top lip in a snarl. He turned on his heel towards the door. "Ron." Hermione whispered.Ron heard her and turned back around, his eyes like acid. "And you? Are you coming or you staying?" Hermione couldn't meet his eyes. "Fine. I get it. I saw you two the other night."Hermione opened and shut her mouth in surprise. "Ron, that's- that's nothing. Ron- Ron, where are you going? Please, come back." She ran out of the tent after Ron. As she dashed through the tarp opening she bumped into Arkie who had returned empty handed. The chestnut haired girl watched her and the furious Ron go.Slowly, she turned back to Teddy. "What happened?"No one replied, Hermione's shouts could still be heard in the distance. Then a loud... crack! Teddy picked up the locket Ron had thrown on the ground before leaving. He looked down at Harry who was staring out at the entrance of the tent.

Chapter 15- Hey Little Train -After Ron's disappearance, the group was forced to move on. Now that they were able to apparate, they travelled long distances in the blink of an eye. Everyone returned to their quiet, dismal state, but there was a determined and sad aura around them now. They were all scratching their heads trying to think where the missing sword of Gryffindor could be, whilst trying their bests to avoid thinking about Ron."Dumbledore must've hidden it somewhere." Hermione said, staring at their map.Teddy sat down in one of the kitchen chairs, the radio crackling on the table opposite the beds where Arkie laid staring up at the tarp ceiling. "He wouldn't have made it too obvious though."As darkness fell upon the small campsite, Harry and Hermione both walked outside, leaving Teddy and Arkie alone in the tent. Teddy was fiddling with the radio, he couldn't bare to listen to the list of names being spoken for hours. Instead he switched it to a random muggle channel. Arkie watched him quietly from her bed.Teddy leaned back in his seat. The two stared at each other. From the radio a calm and comforting song hummed gently. After a while Teddy found himself humming along with it."O children. Lift up your voice." He mumbled, slightly out of tune. Arkie watched him was sad eyes. "Children. Rejoice, rejoice. Hey, little train, we're jumping on. The train that goes to the kingdom." He stood up, walking towards the beds. Arkie watched as he offered his hand to her. Hesitantly, she took it and allowed him to help her stand up.Both of them were silent. The whole world fell silent, as if to give them that one precious moment. The song continued to play from the radio."We're happy, Ma. We're having fun. And the train ain't even left the station."Teddy took the locket from around Arkie's neck, lying it down on the bed and slowly leading her to the center of the tent. She looked up at him with sad, starry golden flecked eyes. Like he used to, Teddy pushed back a strand of her hair."Hey, little train, wait for me. I once was blind but now I see. Have you left a seat for me? Is that such a stretch of the imagination?"Teddy's hand rested on her waist and he felt her arms move to rest on his shoulders. Their movements were subtle at first, swaying side to side with the gentle melody. Teddy couldn't help from smiling as their sways got bigger."Hey, little train, wait for me. I was held in chains but now I'm free. I'm hanging in there. Don't you see? In this process of elimination."Arkie's lips turned upwards in a gentle smile. She giggled when Teddy spun her around. They moved in swift circles together, occasionally spinning each other around and laughing joyfully."Hey, little train, we're jumping on The train that goes to the kingdom. We're happy, Ma. We're having fun. It's beyond my wildest expectation."Their movements slowed down and Arkie stared up at Teddy. He looked like a mess. He was skinnier than usual, his hair was badly cut and there was large hole in his jumper. But his eyes were the same, bright and alive, and the wolf charm necklace still hung around his neck. But he looked older, more experienced with the small healed scar on his temple and jaw."Hey, little train, we're jumping on. The train that goes to the kingdom."Arkie raised herself up onto her toes, so that he face could be closer to Teddy's so she could take in every detail of his charming face. Teddy was holding her hand, the other still rested on his shoulder. Slowly, the distance between their lips ceased to be. Her hand reached his cheek, feeling the soft skin under her finger tips. They continued to sway slowly, unaware of Harry and Hermione watching them through the entrance of the tent, grinning."We're happy, Ma. We're having fun. The train ain't even left the station."It's a bit short, but I've been wanting to do this chapter since I first begun writing this fanfic.It's just such a beautiful moment in the movie and I just had to bring it into the book.

Wow! The one hundredth chapter!This has been so much fun and I'm sad to see the ending coming nearer and nearer. But we still got a way to go!Please leave them reviews/comments as they really do encourage me a lot. Sorry I haven't posted in a while, these are difficult times right now. But this chapter is just what I needed to write.Chapter 16- Godric's Hollow -Teddy woke up to find Harry running out of the tent, snitch in hand. "Guys!" He was shouting to the girls outside. Pulling on a jumper Mrs Weasley had made for him years ago with the Ravenclaw colours, he followed Harry outside and towards the girls who were leaning over Hermione's copy of Beetle the Bard that Dumbledore had left her. "Hermione. You were right." Harry panted, holding the snitch in the air. "Snitches have flesh memories but I didn't catch the first Snitch with my hand, I almost swallowed it."He passed it to Hermione. Teddy looked over her shoulder, reading the small writing that'd appeared on the gold surface. "I open at the close.""What do you think that means?" Harry asked, sitting opposite Hermione."I don't know." She said, shaking her head. "But we found something as well." Arkie glanced up at Teddy who crouch down beside her, running his fingers through her hair. "At first I thought it was an eye, but now I don't think it is." Hermione pointed to a strange symbol that looked closely like a triangular eye. "It isn't a rune, and it isn't anywhere in Spellman's Syllabary. Somebody inked it in. It isn't part of the book. Somebody drew it.""Wait, Luna's dad was wearing that at Bill and Fleur's wedding." Harry breathed, looking almost excited.Hermione looked up at the sky in confusion, closing the book slowly. "Why would someone draw it in a children's book?" As she tried to stand up Harry suddenly begun speaking quickly, as if worried Hermione might cut him off if he stopped. "Look, Hermione, I've been thinking. I want to go to Godric's Hollow. It's where I was born. It's where my parents died.""Harry," Teddy sighed. "That's exactly where Voldemort will expect you to go, because it means something to you.""Yeah, but it means something to him too, Teddy." He rebutted. "You-Know-Who almost died there. I mean, isn't that exactly the type of place he'd be likely to hide a Horcrux?"Teddy shook his head, but he had to agree with the shaggy haired boy."It's dangerous, Harry." Hermione mumbled. "But even I have to admit, recently I've been thinking we'll have to go there." She begun walking back to the tent, the others close behind her. "I think it's possible something else is hidden there.""Like what?""The sword." Everyone went silent. "If Dumbledore wanted you to find it, but didn't want it in the Ministry's hands... where better to hide it than the birthplace of the founder of Gryffindor?""She's got a point." Arkie said, mostly to Teddy as she stood beside Hermione. Harry glanced at Teddy, waiting for his approval. Teddy crossed his arms in thought. "Fine." He agreed finally.Harry smiled, while Hermione and Teddy shared the same nervous expression. "Arkie," she said. "Don't ever let me cut the boys hair again."Crack!"I still think we should've used Polyjuice Potion.""No, Hermione. This is where I was born. I'm not returning as someone else."The streets of Godric were covered in a thick layer of snow. Snowflakes feel from the grey sky, falling into the girls hair and eyelashes. The frost covered streetlamps were alit, but they did little to light up the streets. Further up the empty street, a church was brightly lit. Across from the street a door open and a happy couple walked out, waving goodbye to their friends."Good night. Ha-ha-ha." They laughed, walking down the street.Teddy felt a light tug on his jumper sleeve and look down at Arkie whose eyes were wide. "Teddy, I think it's Christmas Eve. Listen." From the church, children's voices floated out into the cold wind. Like a hundred angels. Teddy held his lover's hand tightly, trying to warm her frozen fingers."Do you think they'd be in there?" Harry's voice trembled and his eyes stared out at the cold, dark graveyard. "My mom and dad."The snow crunched under Hermione's boots. "Yeah, I think they would."Without another word, Harry stepped forward, walking into the graveyard, his eyes searching for his parents names. The others followed him inside. Teddy's hand broke from Arkie's as he wandered off through the maze of headstones and memorial statues. As he searched he felt a cold chill run through him, and it wasn't from the wind. He couldn't quite explain it, but he didn't like it.The sight of the graves weren't exactly a pleasant sight and, to his despair, a lot of them looked relatively new. He looked back in the direction of the others. In the distance he saw Harry and Hermione standing in front a small headstone, their heads bowed.Teddy wanted to comfort his friends, but his legs stayed rooted to the spot. "Teddy." Arkie whispered and finally he was able to move. He trudged through the crunchy snow towards her. She was staring down at two very old and grand looking headstones.Teddy begun to read the names written in gold on the first headstone.Rupert B. Helson( 1942 - 1997 )Loyal Husband & Father'He will be missed.'Teddy felt his heart thumping in his throat as he read the second headstone.Carla Helson( 1972 - 1980 )Dearest Daughter'Strength Lies In Those Who Fight For Love'"Why is she here?" Teddy voice shook. "Why is her headstone in Godric's Hollow? I- I thought they lived near you parents.""I don't think Godric's Hollow is far from my home." Arkie's voice was just as weak as she wrapped her hands around his arm, little a small hug. "I'm so sorry Teddy." Teddy pulled the jewelry box from his pocket, turning it over in his hand, then glancing at his grandfather's headstone. So he had died earlier that year. He wondered what from?The choir was still singing within the church and Teddy took a long breath in. As painful as the scene was to see, he felt better, more fulfilled. Finally, he was close to his mother for the first time since he was born. "Merry Christmas, Arkie."Arkie was surprised to hear the joy in his voice. A warm feeling crept into her heart. "Merry Christmas, Tesdon." She glanced over at the others and tapped Teddy softly. He turned around to see what she was looking at. Harry and Hermione had begun to walk off with a very elderly witch. With their hands intertwined they gave one last look at the headstones then followed the others out of the graveyard.
